victor visser : games great, literally worth the 5 stars. all i can really ask for is that you could customize your car the way you want to, like add a variety of different modifications, that would be really nice, also maybe a multiplayer mode where you can just simply roam the streets with your friends. that would be nice, overall a great game and i haven't been experiencing any problems at all. :))
damian raghoonanan : pros: -great game to play. - easy controls. -nice cars to drive -drifting is awesome cons and things to maybe implement into the game : -sometime when drifting the car will lock up and swerve into the walls or fencing making you restart -the mission when it tells you to drive a specific car but you don't have it and forced to buy it when your coins is low is irritating at time -the mission to see if you completed them, can their be a indication above the screen to show u done it
siddiq 069 : this game is awesome. the controls are simple. i fell in love with the drift mechanics. everything is perfect. since this game has getting popular, can you add multiplayer for online mode? i recommended to my friends and they've been asking it'll be cool to drive together. or even touge around japan! edit : the "tofuyama" place is unplayable cause i kept getting stuck on loading screen. i got a new phone and it's a lot better than my older phone. what's wrong with it?
atish ghosh : a great game! needs a bit of getting used to, to master it's controls. but once that's done - it becomes great fun. can't wait for more vehicles and maps in further updates.. if there is any criticism i had to add, it would be that the voice acting could've gone an extra mile indicating the incoming fuel pumps and other services. but that's a very minor issue. overall, it's a gem.
iulian toma : awesome! the only bug that i experienced is that, sometimes when you throw a doughnut it doesn't appear on the screen. :-) the main reason that i love this game is that you get an ad when you enter the game and that's it! :-d:-d (okay you can press a button to revive for free by watching an ad) i also like that you can revive only once. i have friends that play other runner games and revive continuously by watching ads. the perfect game!!! way to go, devs!!!:-):-):-)
nicholas wachon : this isn't just a phone game. this is a work of art. an amazing style that translates to both its location and vehicle design. gameplay is solid with nice nuances to master. one thing i would recommend for players to do is to turn off the ingame music and play music from your phone while in the game. that really adds to the roadtrip asthetic that the game conveys super well already. highly recommend.
mitchell davies : definitely worth downloading, lots of cars and the sensitivity control option for the steering does help. bought the most expensive car and after upgrading it to the max it drove worse than the small cheaper cars, i think the driveability is sometimes out when comparing how an expensive car and a cheap car handle the game. had this game for years and i still enjoy it , and no adds is very cheap
carl linden : fantastic variety of classic cars! and not just the fast ones! my favorites are the trabant and 126p. names of the all the vehicles are very well thought through as well. if i had a complaint it's the music and perhaps the floaty camera that makes me a little nauseous
random person : it's nice and fun, drifting around people but i think you don't get much money compared to the price of vehicles. but there are challenges which is nice because it provides an alternative to just driving for the money. the graphics and overall design is really cool and toony and the car reacts to stuff cartoony as well
j sherriff : the game is a very nice blend between modern and retro... and it plays well, the only thing that's in need of change is the lack of pick up upgrades on endless runs you get frequent petrol and repairs which is nice but the expanded loot pool is very small. room for more fun upgrades.
corban woods : the game does everything it says it does and much more. every feature of the game is well thought out on how it interacts with the other aspects of the game making it a fun and casual game. you can play it casually whilst still being able to compete against others. one of the best free driving games on the play store
nuraeni : best driving game, at least in my opinion. the graphics are very good for low spec devices and the gameplay was a bit painful, but fun. even though some of the costumnization of "coolness" feature are nonsense, i still had some fun playing it.
sam arvy sayam : the game was fun but i found a bug on japan map wherein the record of distance and other stuff is not recorded. also the interface needs to be improve. overall its fun to play hoping to fix the bug immediately
djr99 : i love this game, love the cars, love the stage. but i found some thing that annoys me. so i bought the japan stage, i drove a lot there, but why the game wont record my drive? it keep the record on 0, the other maps are fine tho. please respond this, it might be a bug but idk
alx propka : nice, something differant. simple n complex enough.lots of cars to choose from and update.fairly easily by simply playing game, tilt stering with sensitivity adjustment would b a great option. . other than that game is low enough on storage (under300mb) but feel huge when playing =) i will keep it around in hopes of future updates id like to c .only time will tell, till then play store will let me know if i miss any updates. fun game i enjoy it. a must try for anyone.offline also.
luis robles : great game! but needs to be optimised for the s22 ultra. currently, everytime an ad is played, it is zoomed in massively, not allowing me to actually close the ad as the x button is not on the screen due to the zoom. at the moment everytime an ad is played i need to close the game and re-open it
levan shioshvili : i gave it 4 star because ,well the game itself is fun but it's missing something. i don't know, maybe double lane streets or pedestrians you can hit or pick up, for xtra points. a bit more depth, maybe a storyline. come on you guys are the pros, use some imagination! make it unique and you'll have millions of downloads. good game and good luck !!! next time i'll check ,hope to see some improvement.
existence is pain : hello devs, i love your game its relaxing and thrilling at tge same time my only problem in this game is when choosing your car its hard to move and serach for cars as the navigation button is hard to click most of the time i miss clinking it and click the car not the arrow please make it more accurate and easy the gameplay is fun but wgen selecting and searching for cars, not that much
nguyen huy : the game is beautifully designed in almost every ways, control is a little hard to get the hang of but it gives a little challenge which is always welcome. one downpoint is the selection screen navigation but overall an awesome game
jason baron : update: yep, still unplayable. read my review this time! the steering isn't the problem, the brakes don't work right. fix the brakes and get a better review. if i am using the brakes wrong, then you need to create an in-game tutorial to help. a game that is too hard to play from the start won't get good reviews! original review: this isn't playable! you can't stop without overheating the brakes. how are you supposed to stop for fuel? am i missing something?
mychal green : i have never paid to remove ads before, but i really enjoyed this game, so i did. i also purchased extra caps and tickets, but an update to the game removed the extra caps and tickets. i emailed the developers multiple times, but have not received a response. i am extremely disappointed in the developers for essentially stealing my money. update 4/15/22 developers refunded my money and as i do enjoy the game, i have amended my review. 3 stars because of the length of time to address my issue.
matt : this is game has unique and stunning visuals and amaing gameplay, it feels like you're on a road trip! if i wanted to improve any part of the game i would only add more customization options, and maybe more modern cars? like around the 90's area. and maybe add a pc version? please add a pc version i beg of you
ismael chabs : the game is super basic but has a lovely art style. i would say that's the whole appeal of it, because there's really nothing much to say about its gameplay, besides boring and repetitive. add in a little more spice, and this could be a certified banger!
jesse bek : this is a very good quality game and i definitely recommend this. there is adds however and they do get annoying sontimes, but they are sort of rare. the controls are easy and the overall game i simple to master. there are really cool scenery places that are really good quality for most games.
mayank mehta : great artstyle which is equally complimented by great maps and chill music. the game is great for playing casually while listening to podcasts n stuff. also includes a wide array of cars to play with including cop cars, easter egg unlockables and of course the special vans which are amazing.
manvendra : nice game , in starting you have to practice the controls , after that you will enjoy this game . nice graphics, nice and unique artstyle which is impressive and nice background music and sound effects also so, overall this game is a good one for time pass .
sunteeth the genderpunk : its good. nothing too groundbreaking but worthwhile. doesnt pester you with microtransactions, you can slend maybe $15 buying one of their packs and then never pay another cent. no ads that ive seen. its not complicated and it doesnt need to be.
k zam : game is good. im finding it hard for braking though i just wish there was an option for a break button. but the art is superb, the game is addicting just hope for additional control options
adil sewcharan : the steering is very annoying and doesn't make for an enjoyable run. other than that its good quality game that looks pretty slick.
saker alabas : love the game, but have a few suggestions. first off, i never use the brakes, because they don't have much use. i feel like they should become an upgradable stat for each car, and more powerful, and braking shouldn't remove the ability to steer. also, the maps aren't balanced. holzberg is by far the best for collecting bottle caps, which leads to it being played more than others, tofuyama is incredibly difficult, vinh vang way easier than the others. the maps should be balanced a little better.
jordan araujo : not your normal endless runner, this game has "real" driving controls, as in, the cars don't just snap into the lanes at the press of the button. very fun experience, it's one of the only mobile games i'm thinking really hard about just buying it to remove the ads (game does not have intrusive ads cluttering the screen. they appear at the end of each run sometimes.)
tristan gamez : really good game ! a lot of cars from the 70s and that's change with other games who only have 90s jdm cars. the graphics are original and looks good. the maps number is ok and the control are easily to pickup. there's still things that can be improve or add, such as : more modification for the cars, a completely selectable colors, why not a switzerland map ? with a lot of mountains and village + beautiful roads it could be interesting and add cars like a monteverdi or opel gt 1900. tkx dev !
bowen m : very fun game, awsome for just a pass time if your waiting for an appointment or for a friend to arrive. the only reason i won't rate it a 5 is because off the price of all the customisations if they where cheaper 5 star game.
ked jules : i've been playing this little cuty for almost 2 year now, got to say it a pretty good game. i hope the devs add more features in the future, cos it feel a bit boring after the last level. maybe a mutilplayer or daily tasks...
wafflez playz : over all, good game! there are some things that annoy me a little bit. i think there should be a better variety of cars, say... for instance... a 1953 rolls-royce silver cloud! (random i know lol) and there should be a multi-player mode. but yeah! good game! definitely recommend!
ildefonso rafael casas padilla : i updated my rating for this game to . i would definitely like to see more quests throughout the game. and instead of being rewarded vans, we shoud be awarded cooler vehicles.
goodbinary : ok, but missed opportunity. would like it if i could control the gas and break as a setting. left and right on the left gas and break on right. and if the car didn't slide around like it's on ice. it would be more fun, more real.
malathi saravanapandian : this game has great graphics and controls. but a little harder to drive. also road tracks are super. this is a good game
franjo vranjkic : #drive is one of the best games in it's genre. my favorite part is the business model: pay once, play forever, it does contain iaps but you earn plenty of money by playing and most cars are already unlocked. the graphics are really nice for a smartphone game. the soundtrack is also nice but could use a bit more variety. the gameplay = shut up and drive, you choose how difficult the game is by the car you drive and the upgrades you have installed. a must have for anybody who loves driving.
random google user : very nice #drive ing game, however i do find the garage system a bit confusing. wish there was a list view for all your cars and a filter to see only unlocked ones.
aysha khanam : this game is absolutely awesome. i think i got blessed. i don't have word now.how amazing and cinematic game is this!!but it would be more epic if you give a update. and the update will be a mode where it is only mode for crash. i mean like zen mode pro cam mode beside these there will be crash mode it will only crash and make the road block)!
clint s. : (slava ukraini) (and poland, for their part by helping the refugees!) update: thank you for making the ukrainian map less gloomy! #drive is a really fun, casual game. the right amounts of: easy-enough that losing isn't frustrating, and difficult-enough to make you want to keep playing. one of the few games that i've kept updated over the last couple years! which for that matter, it continuously has new cars being added, seems like one almost every week, which is awesome.
yevhen revko : awesome experience that resonates with the late '70s - mid '80s movies like the original gone in 60 seconds and early driver games. nice handling for an arcade game and awesome low-poly visuals, definitely a game worth trying. special kudos to the developers for also giving credit to the '80s japanese car scene and adding a car that attempts replicating the r30 skyline!
some guy : the game is nicely polished and looks stylish but it's the controls that makes it a 4 star but that just my own opinion. you developers need to add new cars and maybe game modes
cyan tasks : one of the very few games nowadays that don't focus on milking your wallet until its dry. nice attention to detail with the different types of food for differemt maps, the one thing is, is there a way to sort the cars by number order?
gachaeli : fun arcade racing game. you drive as long as you can until you crash/run out of fuel. the cars look great, the music slaps, it has controller support, plays very few ads, and you earn money very fast. only complaints are that cars can be expensive to unlock at times, not many maps to drive on, and the different colors you can paint your car are very limited and dull. i would love for them to add in a map with ramps and loop-de-loops and stunts to preform. and more diverse types of cars needed.
arfan maulana : this game's a really fun casual experience for people looking for an endless run kinda game. it has no frills, and each vehicle has its own unique driving feel. only complaints i'd have is how each location has so little visual variety between each run (different colored towns would be nice) and also that the drift mechanic feels extremely awkward and more an obstacle to overcome than something to master. still though, i think this is a game well worth playing a little everyday.
jason burleigh : really enjoyable and addicting little game! been playing a short time and already seem to have worked through most everything with the exception of car unlocks, so i'd love to see a lot more content in the way of tracks and challenges, awards/incentives etc. would also be cool to have finer control of customizations (colors, maybe rims or window tint and the like). that being said there's plenty here for most anyone, and the devs seem to add smth new with almost every update. great work! :)
tozo yozo : we have full 3d view access for photo in the game but, can't even change the angle while playing ! what a feeling of regret and shame for the developers. otherwise the game is fun.
myla : controls are too hard to control. too easy to crash and have to start over. forced to watch too many long ads. uninstalled after less than an hour.
austin eudy : not bad, appropriately challenging, but mine glitches out randomly and will put houses and trees in the middle of the road that block it completely.
norris white : good game, but needs better controlling system. plus the conjunction of traffic needs work and better camera veiw. otherwise the good is good!
non metallic : this game is a masterpiece. i have no problems with this game. amazing soundtracks, cars, coolness, colours, it's just...........programmed by lord.
ara kazarian : amazing! please guys, fix the steering buttons in different gameing modes: steering buttons don't normally respond when i click on them, only the default steering mode works properly.
sk nikhath : the controls are worst they need to improve the controls to drive the car the graphics are good but controls can make you anger while playing
joshua prasetya : it's actually quite fun and addictive. but there's an ad that we can't close it, even if i wait till the ad ended. so i needed to force close this game.
jon harris : fun game. easy controls, lot of drifting. cars are kinda pricey tho w/ in-game currency :/
v t chacko vilayappillil : really enjoying ur game ,i really like it. i really appreciate if u add defferent camera modes on gameplay. if u don't mind camera modes on gameplay 100/ download it !!!!!
marcus justin lim : this game is overall just amazing. one problem i've encountered is that i can't load into tofuyama after the latest update. i hope the devs look into this
sean marvin mendoza : the game is very good, in terms of graphics and selections in game, and i'm happy, that even though i'm bored, this is always my pastime, even without internet! and playing some 80s music while playing this game is sooo aesthetic!! the zen mode is also my favourite mode!! it's sooo beautiful and i hope that, you still add more of cars and settings like in miami, some parts in europe, east asia and southeast asia!! i always enjoy it!!!! thank you!!!
eric lamoureux : cool little game & nice, frequent updates. awesome selection of cars! also you can play with a controller. by the way it would be cool if you released this on consoles and pc. thanks
duy ta xuan : game doesn't go past the first loading screen. this game used to be playable on lower-end devices, what a shame.
caleb comier : it's a good way to spend some fee time. the only thing is it can be annoying when you have to make sharp turns.
cosyhamster : now there is gamepad (controller) support because of the nintendo switch release. honestly, this game is better than minecraft bedrock edition (java is cool but pc only) at this point. not because the game is free, but because it's not annoying and i enjoy playing. my phone really pretty budget and pretty slow (2gb ram), yet this game runs super well. best mobile game on google play. also, google play games backup is epic! got bored, reinstalled, game data still there.
k.h -es 300 : i think it is realy fun to play, but if you could add the skyline r32(my dream car), then i would be super happy, and would gladly give a five star reveiw! (a year later) you know what, the r30 is awesome dangit.( another year later) i have to say thank you for all the work that's been put into this. i mean an older, cheaper skyline i can acctualy afford? that... it's like... i mean it's car heaven! heaven i tell you! this game is awesome!
sulma humes : i like this game its good the graphics are awesome too keep up the good work!just a thought maybe u should add manual acceleration and the steering wheel it would really change the game so can u pls do that? thanks
zepazonda zephere : ok tapi obstacle dengan traffic tu annoying lah. depends on driving skills. arcade macam ni pun graphics mantap . this game has brought me back to the 80s, 90s, 2000
leon bernik : i like the easy controls and the art style. great game for when you dont know what to do.
avtomat : i mean, come on, the knowledge of cars in this game is insane! niche eastbloc gems like the skoda rapid, zaporozec, tarpan, a lot of awesome 50s-70s us concept cars (buick y job!), all coupled with an awesome polish sense of humour (naming the police peugeot 504 "the baguette" or the zuk "the joke" were strokes of genius), cool easter eggs (the various coolness upgrades referencing pop-culture, etc.) and super-stylish graphics. the only downside would be the gameplay - it's pretty basic.
shefboii : the car randomly turns on its own sometimes n i get it's supposed to add a degree of difficulty to the game but it gets annoying still a fun game tho
amy bricknell : this is the best game i have ever played!!!!!it is amazing. i love the cars do you know that i have the monstertruck i love the tracks aswell. and its cool how you set it out. and it doesn't come of the phone!!!yaaaaaaaaay. so you get the point i like the game it is the best
sadness : awesome! even though its just a endless subwaysurfer type game with cars it feels different. im not a fan of top down cam but this ones cam angle is fun can u guys another camera mode pls?like a lil bit more closer to the car then it would be sooo fun to drift.
metalman690 : great little time waster that doesn't require internet connection. easy to pick up, frustratingly annoying to master.
anas akz : i give it 3 stars cuz it is laggy and it dont have butoons to drive with and we also can use the break once then after 5,6 seconds it will give it back ,but good game and good graphics
barnabas daniel : very enjoyable and addictive game with great graphics...but how are we supposed to save our progress online? and please add a fullscreen feature
dawn eckelberry : love the game. tho it's really easy to lose control so making the roads a little bigger would help
mohamad ithar : so far so good. game is challenging and fun at the same time. just maybe the breaking cooldown should be faster
bigbear : i enjoy it but there's not enough roads to get and it takes too long to collect caps especially when you have to spend them on cars you don't even want just to complete one of the goals
angel kuilan : it's a really good game and i like how it's a little bit challenging because you got a lot going on. this game would be better if there was like a race mode or something like that.
ruben ramirez : easy controls, and fast gameplay. fast-paced racing-arcade game.
truckrobo147 : its really fun and it feels like the road would never end and it also has wonderful collection of cars and get them with bottle caps is a fun idea!
bokibashub : this game is very cool and a bit realistic.then you break, it will show an sign of burning car discs. that's how you make a cool game
christopher rossler : cool game. name of the cars are super funny and always nod to some pop culture. hint to the devs. in german it's "der wagen" not "das wagen".
kaylen abuaqel : this is the best car game i have seen yet ngl. it is so easy to get money(caps) in this game and get new games. i would tell everbody to play this game emedently.
jack fagan : not a normal mobile game it's not a pay to play and adds are optional there is plenty to do and the art style is cool the devs add new content such as new cars and places to go evey so often. the game is basically you driving forward for as long as you can while collecting money and doing side quest and avoiding the cops every so often. the graphics are great and there is even a picture mode. the cars are all cool some even coming with special abilities such as cops won't chase you. good game.
andrey baste : i really like this game. attention to details is what buys me. music on the background, photo mode, well balanced management, nice controls, car selector is unusual, locations and phrases that main hero drops make the game satisfying.
a.k. rebel : fantastic balance of appropriate humor, reliability, and fluid gameplay. controls take some time to adapt to but needless to say drive scores the bullseye for unique sensation perfectly. scour the whole play store and you'll never find an endless driving game as diverse nor as thrilling as this one. highly recommend.
sir abhishek : i don't usually right reviews on play store but man is this game so good i had to right a review. the graphics are cartoony but in a good way...the sound tracks for each map are bangers. no unnecessary inapp purchase needed to progress. i have played lot of games both android and pc and this is in my opinion one the bests hands down
vivek jayan : fun game. love the art style and the care/attention to detail. car mechanics could've been a bit tighter. they feel a bit boat-like. but i guess that's the challenge. keep it up guys. your team's passion is very evident.
henry pettigrew : try as i might, i can't find anything wrong with this game. it's mechanics are awesome, the places are awesome, the cars are well made and cool-looking, and the simple controls just make for an amazing game!
masterchef : controls are simple but fun. the upgrade system takes some getting used to and confused me at first. progression is a little slow but speeds up as you level up. no technical problems. a fun game to just pick up and play for a few minutes.
carson williams : great game, constant updates, keeps you interested, verity of cars only thing that i would say is that more maps should come in or limited time events like the christmas one. other wise this one of my favorite games.
milan milanzi : you won't get disappointed for sure. bit of repetition in the game [sounds & dialogue]. too many ads.
drasila rowaro : i love the graphics and the car but it's hard to play but i love it thank you so much, this game change my life.
shashank k.g : even though it shows that i am linked with my account that has more progress..... but the problem is where is the progress!! it shows i am still level 1, cars and places which were supposed to be unlocked is still not and it looks like i am a beginner and still connected to the account with more progress please help.
abdul hasan : this game is really really fun but there alot of glitches, for instance there's somehow invisible cars that i keep crashing into and somtimes when i go in the repair area it doesn't repair. fix this please
wyatt talbot : it is definitely interesting. no forced ads, fun to play, and overall just a nice game (love the passenger's voice)
jeffrey clement : cute game. nothing special. very arcade style. feels like a game from the arcade in the 90s.
writers crusaders : there's something wrong with this new update, i can't play the hanami event.. i waited and it's not loading in.. pls help me about it
jay kozatt : love it to bits! the game loop is addictive, and it fulfills your fantasy of being like takumi from initial d.
youguang yi : thanks for the latest car update, however all the christmas category cars disappears upon updating, i took sometime to obtain them all so it's kind of sad... ... please come up with an update soon to address this problem....
dhruv karmakar : i used to play this game months back, it was really fun playing, but when i installed it today with the same account, half of my progress was wiped out i don't know how, i used to have more maps than now(i have 4 maps unlocked but i use to have 6), my level went back from 18 to 1, please fix this and i will increase the stars, because i love this game edit: no, i didn't get my half progress back(half is there), i have checked all the things you have mentioned.
tempo slapzy : it's a really good game it keeps me entertained and i like that it gets more challenging as difficult without even noticing till you almost crash lol
nathan fanning : good game but the brakes shouldn't be limited. also need to make it an open world chas be much better if you did
project redemption : fun game kind of hard to get use to. it also have tons of cars to buy and drive.
dre awofusi : it's smooth and engaging.. feels like you taking a ride in cities and having task to complete along the way ..
leonard rey chua : this game is a time killer and gameplay is beautiful may i suggest can you add more places like tokyo, new york city, los angeles, italian sea side town, and etc. just to make the game more exciting.
wilczur : a really nice game with a lot of "classic" cars from many different countries and the game is still getting more stuff which is very nice, steering is kinda weird but it's easy to get used to
tyler burns : i love how even though they updated the game it still has the same classic music, and the same classic control, can't wait to unlock a lot of the new cars and try all the new maps they added! keep up the good work!
robert rarrick : it takes some getting used to but the game overall it seems like a good game to play when i'm waiting for something and like waiting for my meal at mcdonald's type stuff
amirul daniel : this game are awesome but why i can't play at tofuyama because i stuck at loading screen ....can you fix this for all player .... i hope you can fix this problem
ostan5000 : this game has a lot of creativity put behind it. you can definitely tell that the people who made it have a great taste in cars!
matvey lopalo : best way to describe this game is, the car version of subway surfers. i love it
silas coelho : super fun, prices for the cars could be a bit better, though!
chris colburn : takes awhile to get new vehicles and levels. but still a fun game to pass time.
amigo junior : it a very nice game. helps you to drive but my problem is that the controls are too fast.
alexander de boer : driving mechanics are slow and sluggish, frankly unresponsive and inconsistent. once you're looking for cars and have lost that one car that you have it's a maze to find it back.
daniel haefemeyer : i think it is a fun game but it's very hard to drive and steer. plus is there a way to slow down
pocket punk : this game is great the style is amazing the cars are plemtiful and it has a lot of replayability, mu only problem is the controlls i feel like im constantly battling the car for controll.
zain ranjha : good game, decent graphics, tons of cars, various maps and regular updates plus no ads or pay 2 win.. honestly one of the best and very few indie games you can get for free on play store.. kudos to developers who made this game well balanced in every aspect and also work hard to give out regular updates. and i know the devs. take the comments of players into consideration, i would suggest that more power ups like invincibility, nitro boost, car size increase and auto drive should be added.tia :)
luka goshadze : love the physics. drifting feels nice. lovely artstyle. few adds. not pay to win. would be nice to add more wide corners for drifting on long distance and to increase drinfting bonus, couse it stops at 5x.
lowo : zen mode, variety of maps, tons of cars, music... everything is good..
d sun : great game, love the animations, i wish there were more chants from that mate
mara : good controls. nice selection of cars to choose from.
ani goodness : cool game no it's a great game but make some improvements to the controls like tilting some of us actually like that
danilo okovic : it's a great game overall, nice visuals, many cars, a few (but great) maps, and enough stuff in the game play to keep you focused but at the same time enjoying a relaxing drive
fox crizone : it's nice to have a quality game for once. this should be the ads we get on youtube
flaming diamond master : #drive is a stuning game worth playing as long as you don't mind slowley progrestng thou cars and it's "postcard" idea is ok reastrant so you can unlock places a lot less qwicker and over all it's one of my best games (for the mobile or tablet if you are reading this on there)in my list, fdm
wayne corbitt : i love the new cars that keep gitting added to the pc version but do you think you could update the switch but still love the game
sapiderman lumpat : great fungky background vibe, uu/ux. game is very playable without too much ads. controls are a bit mussy but other wise ok. ads: 5/5 non intrusive graphics : 4/5 music and vibe : 5/5 such a good 70s vibe ui/ux: 4/5 replayability : 3/5
ty sells : i like it. socks it didn't restore all my progress when i switched phones but it's still fun!
ymy 2577 : i like this game but one thing you need to setting.when i go to setting change control like it have drift.then,when i try to drift,to control it so hard.like i little to little can move but when i control without drift.its good.can you please fix the drift so i can feel drifting so good.i hope you fix that.
uriah miano : like, my game can't even start... just a blank screen and 5+ minutes of waiting... what's wrong dev team?
f4rish 1304 : best.easy controls and realistic.in next update could you customized car.
pars 99 : very very baaad it can not load the game stop at the start whay you guys don't fix this bug????
superbattle45 : the game is great it's will be amazing there more maps also when i try to play japan part it stuck at loading screen
tony gagliano : coolest game ever but you should really put some more car phisics like if i hit the wall with my car the bumper will fall of
huludet flavius a. : i like this game, looks perfect for me with these graphics.
munna asif : task which is given to complete level is not able to complete and no hints also
alberto giavani : used to play this a lot on my old phone, overall great game, like, download it now if you're bored.
markos200 java : this game is really great there are so many things to do in this game ti hasn't any ads
albert calderon : i think it's a very interesting game and it keeps me motivated and happy to play more thank.
sheldon macquinto : very good game, i like how the cars closely resemble real life ones
camogap : to begin with, the graphics are fantastic for a 100mb game. the maps are great and everything. my only complaint is the handling characteristics, which is kinda of a disaster. this is about the only good low poly car game, but the cars are just way too drifty and it kind of ruins the experience. the handling should feel a little more normal, like in the game cafe racer. the car should only start drifting when you take a turn tight. but otherwise, this is a great game.
x-calibur : it's honestly not a bad game, takes some time to get used to playing it, just get better at playing it, you'll enjoy it!
nolawi engida : the best game ever but add a little more action overall love it . keep it up
kevin j. : wow... i think i watched 5 ads in less than 5 minutes bahaha. crazy! devs really want you to spend that $2.99. the controls we atrocious, one press it would barely turn the wheels, the next press it was a 90 degree turn into a wall. i don't typically write reviews, but for such a well polished game you'd typically expect more in regards to controls and ad delivery.
john smith : been playing for 30 minutes, already addicted. graphics and fps are really good, could add multiplayer and a drag racing mode. other than that great game, might join the discord server as well
joseph pinter : sensitive driving and seems like lots to do, not sure it it's entirely my cup of tea but still worth a play
jesus cardona : the cleanest game ever but it could be a bit more interesting with a few things added like ramps
gerard patrice : very interesting game and take on racing/driving. i see the game is also on switch that's awesome
michael westen : so much effort and style. too bad it's full of typical mobile game bs
keith montgomery : i love this app because there are so many different types of vehicles to win. the game is easy to play with excellent graphics and lots of fine detail in the scenery. well done to the app devlopers.
nunya bidnis : play 20 seconds get 30 second ad. play 15 seconds crash another 20 second ad. ludicrous. uninstalled.
leaton wright : this game looks good, sounds good, and feels good. there are a few ads, but they aren't overwhelming. it has fair level design, brilliant car models, and a fun photo mode. the difficulty is on point, and overall production quality great. it seems rudderless, though, even for an "endless" game. you can upgrade your vehicles, but it's hardly noticeable in play; so making the effort feels pointless. the score/cap/postcards collection vs. value system is needlessly dense, dragging the game down.
keith david opulencia : the game is great. the graphics are awesome. location-wise and car-wise, they're great. but, it's really hard to use the brakes. it says to press both sides and i kept pressing it and i think my screen was gonna crack from the pressure i'm pressing. what i see the best solution is just add a separate brake. like a brake at the bottom left and right of the screen. while the gas can just remain the same. thanks!
william elser : the game is somewhat fun but lacks depth. i unlocked the levels fairly quickly and found it easy to grind caps on the forest level so it wasnt long until i got the most expensive car. unfortunately this car feels almost the same as the car i started with. not very rewarding for the grinding. cops are ineffective and just stop following you after a short while. this game could use some alternate game modes and difficulty tweaks. i've pretty much stopped playing due to how repetitive it is.
constantina v. : finally, i found a game to play while listening to my 200 song eurobeat playlist. it's actually pretty fun and ads are not invasive or commonplace. i also like the artstyle a lot, graphics are pleasing to the eye and not too demanding on low-end phones. i just wish there was an option to silence narrator/co-driver without having silencing all the sound effects. don't get me wrong, i love the cheesy dialogue (monologue, really...), but that option would be nice.
pixality dev : i remember seeing posta about this game on an indie dev facebook group. i couldn't wait to play it! now that i've had a chance to download and try it. i love it! it's lots of fun and the controls are great! sure they're hard for people nt used to the touch controls. but they're good, using breaks is really important. gives me memories of micro machine games. the visuals are great and performance is great. the dialogue lines are great too!
moaz malik : good game, fun progression. plenty of cars and interesting locations. most of the tracks are well designed but the one set in france is horrible. music is mostly good. the car upgrade feature is a miss. why would anyone want to upgrade speed or acceleration in a game where the whole point is to avoid obstacles and traffic? pro tip: go for the cars with the highest grip to speed ratio.
tony west : the game is nicely put together & the graphic style is great & with the music & the voices captures the vibe of 70s movies well. however a casual game like this, imo should be instantly fun & rewarding and i'm afraid this is where drive falls down. it is just too hard & frustrating to be fun. the controls are very sensitive which makes driving a very tense exercise. the refuelling and power up collections though are what really turn me off. you get warned of fuel stations coming and on which side of the road but by the time they have appeared at the top of the screen you have very little time to get into them & if you a moment too soon or too late the developer has placed obstacles to kill you. this makes learning their positions important. i was really looking forward to this game but it really isn't for me. i feel a more accurate name for it would have been #crash! there are video adverts which you are forced to sit through every few goes. i totally understand the need for ads in freemium games but do it with a reward rather than making you watch them. so for me this a 3 star game because of the graphics & being slickly put together then removed 1 for all the ads.
mr. barrel : okay, so: 1. the controls aren't bad, you're just bad at the game. 2. braking is not double tapping, it's holding both sides of the screen. 3. holding one side then the other will initiate a wide turn which increases a score multiplier. the direction of this turn is directed by the first touch. 4. this game has no end goal, it's another "endless" game and, for once, a high quality one. don't look for a meaning to this game if your life doesn't have one.
amantacha 19 : i really love this game. the graphics are really nice, and the narrator guy is a really nice feature, though honestly it gets really boring after a while. just listening to the narrator say the the same things over and over get old really quick, and yeah, you can buy new tracks, though i feel like their all the same, minus the change of music and scenery. can't you make other obstacles in the road besides cars? i'm sorry this is so long, i just feel like this game could be so much better.
t. c. b. : #drive is a fun endless drive with small bonuses and challenges to complete. it has a fun style and there are a lot of cars to choose from, but i have a couple things i would like to see improve: there aren't that many maps, and i feel throwing in a couple more from france, australia, etc. would make it better just because you get more options. some more lines from the passenger. you get through them rather quickly, and i know you can turn him off, but i like having a driving buddy. overall, .
charles sieburg : amazing there are only a couple of very small things i would change. 1: i wish there was a way to completely downgrade grip. drifting is what makes this game amazing. 2: it wouldn't be that hard to a a "city" freeroam version where you can left or right as well as forward. they could totally charge for it, and i would pay. overall, amazing job!
ck7a : best game ever, would rate it 5 stars if you could have more control of the cars, such as completely stop the car when braking and accelerate yourself, i think it would be even cooler and more realistic. also in future updates, would be a good idea to add different modes, maybe a mode with ai drivers, ai as in ai's driving in front of you at the same speed so we get to drive with them to make it more fun and multiplayer mode.
ryan greythorn : the game itself is paying a great homage to your childhood top-down racing game, except it wasn't really a racing because you were only overtaking the traffic. #drive is as simple as that. no time pressure but also no brakes. keep on driving till you hit something. these lovingly modeled cars are all icons of the days that will never return, and it certainly adds to the outrun mood the game has. the controls are right on spot as well. if you love the 80s and driving, this is for you.
barez barznji : i love this game, the controls and graphics are awesome. i wish it had more features: 1. small objectives and goals, by achieving them you get coins and more scores, things like smashing 10 road signs and 2. real time in-game map showing how far you are from the next town while driving. 3. being able to upgrade the power ups: longer range magnets and slowness for example. thanks for the hard work and frequent updates, im in love with the game.
o j : this game is great and has few ads. the steering seems finicky at first, but, once you learn how to drift, everything makes sense. there are no licensed vehicles, but the ones in the game are heavily inspired by legendary cars, which makes collecting them a joy. my only issue is that drifting could be explained in the tutorial a little better, which would help make the game more welcoming for new players, but this game is still stylish and insanely fun. i can't wait for more content to be added!
supratik deb : it's a nice game. the control takes a little time to get used to. suggestions - when i began playing, i had no idea what the point of the donuts (or '?') were. a small tutorial would really help the beginners a lot. and secondly, once you watch an ad to get another life, the car starts immediately after it ends. the players get distracted because of the ad and it becomes incredibly difficult to control the car. a 'three second timer' would make it much easier to transition back into the game.
daniel : good casual driving fun. the visuals are stylised but not too cartoonish; the car handling is simple and arcadey but not so that there's no difference between all the cars; there's a nice selection of different cars and environments. all i hope for in future updates is more environments and i'd like some different passenger voices; not that i dislike the current one, just for variety, at least a female option would be good. highly recommended as is though.
ben crockford : this is one of my favourite games of all time. the graphics are amazing, and the gameplay is great. one thing to ask is that do the cars have different abilities not just that they look different. i think what your game could improve on is like minigames. for example, see how many cars you can smash in a certain amount of time. thanks!
brennan lyle : this is a pretty fun infinite-driving type of game where you have to dodge traffic, collect powerups, and everything else you'd expect. the in-game coin costs seem pretty fair, so that with a bit of time spent you can unlock the vehicles you want without having to worry about an in-app purchase. really, the only in-app purchase that you should want is removing ads, because otherwise it can get somewhat annoying.
chinmay ghule : what a gorgeous game! i have nothing to say. this game is just pleasing to the eyes. if i really want to find a fault, it would be: (1) there is no option for setting up the music volumein the game, as i don't like to keep changing my phone's volume for each app/game. (2) there should be a radio option with some default songs who will be randomly played while you're driving. even better would be to play your spotify playlist if possible. (3) option to customise your appearance on license.
rubied snoot : gotta say, it's pretty rare i reveiw an app, but this one has stuck around from phone to phone and continues to evolve for the better! went and bought the ad removal for it, it was worth it just considering the price of a small game like this! gameplay is straightforward, but still challenging, and you'll rarely be without little challenges to complete or a new vehicle or zone you want to unlock! give it a go, it's a great way to burn some time and rubber!
ian palmer : great endless runner, the resources run out quickly though so long runs can be difficult and require more attention than some others. there is a large selection of cars to unlock but are a direct investment of time played. as much as i love this game i'm even more glad it isnt in the pay to win category (or even worse, "free to start"). thank you for designing a game where the only payment that will improve my experience is the option to remove ads.
ferraro's garage : this game is awesome, i love playing. however more things could be added like an italian map, and an english map. also a color wheel for car paint would be cool too. another addition to the game could be an online like police chase or racing, those would really fun to have in the game that would really improve it. overall though it's a fantastic game.
jesse stewart : this is easily the best "endless running" game (endless driving in this case) that i've played. each new car is fun and not too difficult to unlock. they all have great steering mechanics. and the customization of your vehicles is a neat feature. the graphics are also spot on for the type of game they're going for. 6 stars out of 5.
simon quattrone : the beginning stage/environment is ideal in terms of its difficulty, throwing just enough hazards at you to keep you on your toes, and ensuring that your run lasts neither too briefly nor too long once you've had a modest amount of practice. the next few stages, which is as far as i've unlocked, are a bit too forgiving in that they allow you to comfortably hug the edge of the road much of the time for a relatively easy escape. you might also find little motivation in unlocking further stages as they don't seem to introduce anything new to the selection of hazards and gameplay elements, offering only a change of scenery. the powerups are quite amusing, and help to add a touch more depth to the core gameplay. the upgrade system is kind of unusual in that it would seem counter-intuitive to increase your speed and acceleration, when surely it would be more of an advantage to keep your vehicle on the slower side; the only vehicular aspect that makes sense to increase is the grip, whilst keeping the speed and acceleration at a minimum. maybe there ought to be a little explanation in the game menu as to how this works logically. there's a lot of charm in the 70s style visuals, though the music and voice lines, while nicely authentic-sounding, are much too repetitive for me. again, a little more variety here would've been really appreciated. hopefully more voice lines will be added, for instance some positive exclamations whenever you use the plough powerup on other motorists. edit: the 4th stage, tofuyama, japan, is an excellent bit of design. visually more interesting than the two preceding stages with some wonderfully challenging bends. this one was worth unlocking.
joe maina : 10/10. graphics are and physics are great and there are so much things to explore and maps. i recommend downloading this game. and there are many different types of cars. the bad thing is you need to grind alot. please add more modifications.and its not a pay to win game.the voice acting is great i love how they put so much effort into this game.
pentox : this is the first game that i leave a review on, then come back to and find actually improved! in my previous review i complained of lag spikes and ambiguous challenge names, and those two issues were fixed! the game is updated frequently and has developed astonishingly in the year i haven't played it. one of the best games on the store in my opinion. my only remaining complaint is that it gets boring after a while of playing, but i can understand that it is quite a challenge to deal with.
charalampos papaioannou : for a quick and nice time spender, it's ok, i guess , controls feel a bit hard. also, i dont know why this happens, but i seem to get slightly dizzy or tired after playing for a short while. if these small things could be fixed, i would easily rate it 5 stars! (another) edit: i dont really see the ad placement fixed. the frequency is longer,but i'd still prefer the "cool reward for an ad" system. also, maybe you could have the cars being able to be knocked out by the vehicle we use.
le leedler : this game is weird for me, i love what they are doing here... i love the concept but, in execution... this game is pretty mediocre, even bad at times. the art style is amazing, seriously... aside from pixel car racer... this is the #1 car game in terms of art style! it looks great! it wins where csr and real racing fail because it isn't trying to push realism out of a gpu + cpu that's cooled by a single sheet of copper. the gameplay is just really really repetitive, boring, and leads to nothing.
jerome chavez : fun game. my only problems is that navigating in car selection is trash as i keep misclicking while using the arrow keys due to them being small and hard to touch. also, there's no way of returning to the car i'm currently using quickly like a tap of a button, you need to find the car you used in the whole car selection which is also cumbersome. but gameplay-wise, it's good.
bruno volonteri : this is, without a doubt, one of the best games currently on the play store. a fun, simple, arcadey gameplay and the most beautiful artstyle ever. every map has its own distinct style both in graphics and gameplay, and the selection of cars to unlock, each one unique and iconic, is enormous and grows on every update. truly a pleasure to play. i would only add more objectives after level 20, after which the game feels a bit more focused on unlocking everything and gets a little bit grindy. 11/10.
aron : challenging and rewarding. i really like this game! the progression is pretty grindey, but not aggressively so, and the gameplay in itself is relatively simple. though you still have to earn new cars, and do so through skill that you actually build up. and you can play it casually too, if you aren't willing to spend too much of your time on it. solid 5 stars!
scott c. : this is one of those so called 'endless runner' games where you're not in complete control of your character (in this case, your car) but you can brake to give yourself some space away from moving obstacles. the graphics are minimalist but do the trick, capturing a nice microcosm of each "world" level.
armani : it looks good, is sort of fun to play gor a bit, but not really something i would keep voming back to. definitely has some potential, but it feels a bit hollow, like it's missing something. for one thing, the car selection screen needs a serious revamp. it looks cool and all but is far from practical. i'll check back in some time over the next year to see what's new.
killerrabbitx : i've changed my mind about this game, it's pretty great. kills time well, the ads aren't overbearing, good controls. my favorite thing about it is how polished the graphics are. i only have suggestions instead of complaints: one: i wish the driver wouldn't nag you about gas if you have more than 3/4 of a tank when passing a station. two: more maps, please.
amanda duncan : this game is a very fun infinite runner that you can pick up and play anytime, i love the look of the game and how it shows that a lot of care went into designing the locations and cars. the only problem i've had is that when i go into photo mode it shows a dark grey screen instead of my car and its surroundings, if you can fix that problem that would be very nice and i would be wishing that i could give games 6/5 stars!
aniket debnath : i freaking love the game man. it's genuinely one of the games i've kept downloaded longest on my phone. i love the maps, the music, and the subtle differences in handling of the cars. don't like the loss of traction on the mars map tho. also, suggestion for you guys. why not tailor maps specific to each vehicle type that's been created? like offroad maps for off road cars and the rally cars, racetrack like maps for speed based vehicles and so on. 10/10, great way to kill a little time.
ollie thomas : really good concept! once you start to get a feel for the controls it's really nice to play, not to mention you don't get bombarded by ads and you can still play off line, i really think there's a future for this game, it can be turned into a track game, time trail or maybe even a drift game, i'd like to see how this game progresses
shashank seth : excellent graphics. talking about the controls, i like the minimal controls, just the two buttons, once you're used to it and starts paying attention to signs, it becomes more fun! the garage can be better, the cars for higher price has very low specs as compared to the default one. moreover, dev can add some car upgrades, smooth scrolling, some visual mods in garage! also a live in-game coin counter is missing. overall it's an amazing experience. keep it up dev! best minimal racing game till now
eric e franco m : this game is sweet! it checks all the boxes. the #visuals are beautiful, very well designed and animated; the cars, the locations, the background. #sounds are also high quality, narration voice is smooth, and music changes accordingly. #gameplay is easy at first, but actually requires some skill, may be a bit hard later. cool cars with cool names that reference the originals. every update actually adds to the game and improves the overall experience. it's not perfect, but gets close. love it!!
ryan : (to me it is really a 4.5) i absolutely love this game. the soundtracks and voice acting are great, and the selection of vehicles is amazing. now why did i give it a 4.5/5? well, i did because the game gets boring after a few hours and when you collect most of the cars you start to get bored and think about uninstalling it. if more content gets added than it is a 5/5 but i just feel like more game modes, cars, or even maps could be added.
luke_425 : fun, simple controls, great game overall. plenty of maps to drive on, and they're all endless, so you go for as long as you can, picking up gas and repair kits along the way, as well as fending police off with doughnuts, which is quite a fun concept. loads of different cars to unlock, so there's a lot of progression, and ads are surprisingly rare in all honesty. definitely recommend.
akshay jumani : a very good game overall with a retro feel. i'd suggest that we get a seperate garage tab to purchase cars, when starting a game only owned cars should show. the trees in the snow map are annoying, and the black bars are a waste of space. it could use some more modes and features, like: extreme mode, daily challenges, unlockable parts, boosts/power ups/player vs player mode, online scoreboards, etc. also, the narrator is annoying.
no : 4.6 out of 5, i have never been so passionate about a mobile game. this game gives you an experience like no other! collecting the cars is quite easy to do, there is much fun to be had with every vehicle. there are so many different experiences in the game, the maps are all unique. for example you may have gas stations that are very easily available in the japanese setting, but the united states stations are much more cramped. each vehicle is a challenge to use and mastering them is satisfying
neil caezar : amazing game, a bit hard to control the car and stay on the road but its kinda rewarding when you get the hang of it, graphics are great, the humour and challenges in this game makes you wanna play this foreverrrr. only problem i have is i got all the tracks, and now have alot of postcards which i have no use anymore, maybe we can convert it to caps or special cars. other then that, i'd recommend this game to everybody with a brain.
connor watkins : 5 star game for sure. the graphics are really nice and have a great polygonal style to them. it runs offline, so when you're in a waiting room (or wherever you may just want to throw your focus at something else) you can play regardless of your internet connection. the only thing i could fault this game for is maybe the controls. they feel kinda janky every now and then, but once you play for around 10 minutes then they kinda become muscle memory ig.
twocheslch : great game for about 10 minutes. the list of cars is pretty expensive, and is all based on 80s classics. the only things i dislike, are the drifting mechanics, and the amount of traffic on the mountains in tofuyama. one easy fix that would make this game a lot better, would be a "no traffic" option in zen mode. otherwise, it's a pretty acceptable game.
marc russell : nice game with great graphics and sound gets a lot of updates, but is let down by bad controls, you can update as much as you want but unless you fix the controls, the game is not fun to play. the car moves like it's a tank on ice. if you can fix the controls i would happily spend money in the game but as it is i won't play it enough to justify it, the controls are to off-putting
mohamed hussein : best f***ing game on the store! absolute beauty! not only the driving is great, and the graphics are cool, and the mood is so immersive. it's constantly updated with new content every single week! for a guy who likes cars, driving games, and the 70s this game is the game. can't stress enough on constant content updates! magnificent quality on every level.
ushnish saha : the game is excellent but there are some bugs which i came across while playing. the car selection method can be better. one suggestion: you can make a feature that if players touch the key they will find there car. the bug which i came across is that while find the cars, the keys collection area is constantly opening on its own. it is pretty annoying. otherwise the game is excellent.
jerry jackson : i don't mind advertising in games, but i've only played a couple minutes and having 30 second adverts between rounds (especially when you're new and suck) is really annoying. if i like a game i normally buy the no ad version (if they have it), but games that have too many ads to begin with can make me not like the game... so i won't buy premium.
samarth khanna : i find this game extremely relaxing. i really love the idea of going on an endless journey with a calm but energetic and enthusiastic voice to accompany you. my only problem with the game is that i wish it had an "easy" mode or something to adjust the difficulty, so i can reduce my speed to where its actually controllable. i'm going way too fast!
zackary edinger : great throwback to racing games of the 90s. graphics are simple but have style. the selection of cars shows the developer knows their audience. a lot of people knock the controls but once you "get it" they're perfect. my complaint would be that sometimes buildings are generated in the middle of the road, causing you to crash. but the game is actively being updated so i cant complain too much. great game.
daniel m : played the game for a few minutes and i'm not too impressed. a slider or motion turning would be much better; the car is difficult to control with buttons due to the mechanics of the game. graphics are okay but when you crash it's simple animations and it's boring and annoying. perhaps adding some health to the car and physics to the game would be a great improvement. smashing cars out of the way and seeing them go tumbling would be great.
mrshenanigans : don't see why this game has such high reviews. the controls are bad at best, controlling your car is a series of vague suggestions not actual control inputs. the brakes only work for half a second and they have a cool down and sharp turns everywhere you have to take in order to get fuel or donuts or whatever else. there is a drift mechanic but i couldn't be bothered to waste my time to try and learn it since the few times i tried it it just sent me sliding to my death.
james kanas : i absolutely love the 70's influence, funky music and cool cars. graphics are good. controls will take a lot of practice but not too bad. the only thing stopping it from being 5* is that the brakes overheat? i guess but they need to work longer or recharge a bit faster. that would make it perfect. if the devs read this please make that an option at least, like a difficulty setting with different rewards maybe? otherwise fun simple game and very reasonable prices for in game purchases.
ditiro shayi : kudos, the scale and proportion of both the cars and the environments. the physics are top with the cars reacting to the different surfaces and how the wheels adjust to degree of turn. the controls have hit a sweetspot, the cars can respond to little adjustment turns to full on swerving. the balance of the controls can lead to some daredevil maneuvers that are constantly satisfying and commentary is also welcomed. the mountain passes of japan can be a great location... if you catch my drift.
goran ratkovic : such a great game, honestly! the graphics are awesome, looks like everything has been put well together and every tiny detail has been thought throughly. the option to select such a wide variety of cars (both european, us, japanese, each and every one you could think of), a large number of tracks to drive, it really is one of my favourite games so far. the controls, however they might feel flimsy, they're k to work with. and the option to select a controller is even better. i'm still about to give it a try on my android box, can't wait to try it!
hiraya : great game but... maybe you could add some more features like missions, and having some prizes when the mission is completed like cash or exclusive cars, and also having upgrades for cars is kinda exciting. also it is hard to control but when i played it for 2 days i finally understand the concept and how to control the car effectively. but, having an advanced settings or control settings might be helpful to some, to make them comfortable to play it and also i am looking forward for the new map.
cody smith : the game as a lot of content from what i gather so far. and its a really solid timewaster when you're stuck somewhere. the ads arent too intrusive and you're able to pay to disable them which is nice. theres a decent collection of cars which makes me want to collect them all. there's multiple maps which is a must. i do wish there was more customization for the cars. you can change the cars colors but i wish you could tint your windows, lower the car and maybe put a spoiler on it.
dudemanbro 2006 : this game is amazing! its very fun and super addictive. the controls are easy to get used to and you can choose from 3 different control options. the tracks are all very neat to look at as well. there are also so many cars. and they are all awsome! the only thing is that mayby you can add music more like chase music. like from smokey and the bandit and movies like that. that would be amazing. but overall a superb game!
next project gaming : the handling is too difficult to manage. i've played most of the racing games including one on the consoles, but this is the hardest to control. maybe if you could update the car control physics i think i'll be a great game since the graphics is nice too bad if only we can control the car more easily. in the mean time i only rated 3 stars. hope to get improvement update in the near future.
hazmatbp : i love the amount of cars there are to choose from, and the artstyle of the maps looks really good, but there is a annoying issue that made me give the game 4 stars instead of five. when the music loop resets or changes, it isn't a smooth transition, instead it jumps very suddenly. this is most noticeable on the vinh vang map. i understand that this is a very small issue, and apart from that i love this game.
tom : great game super chill wide range of cars and almost no ads
jayanth challa : the most lovable driving game. thank you for showing ukraine and show all other countries too.
use : whaff app : get iok doiiars : i have never lost a drive by missing fuel station. almost always that's because of hitting an other car. the police is also not any threat. on the other hand, just a small hitting an other car results in losing a drive. the overall game mechanics should be better balanced and should be more real. the app has also some bugs on going to the background and being killed by the memory manager on android 10. the app doesn't always save the last used car, which is annoying.
david moore : fun game. small amount of ads (i mean that in a good way.) and thats all i really have to say about it
user anonymus : this is an incredible game, simple, self-sufficient and very tightly-designed. every part of it feels thoughtfully deliberate: adorably simplistic yet pretty graphics, an overabundance of available cars, variety in locations, satisfying drifting mechanics, a pleasant yet not overwhelming amount of powerups, etc. no aspect of #drive is excessive, everything here is in it's place. premium features are non-intrusive, which is definitely a notable plus. i enjoy it greatly.
saurav allen : very well rounded endless runner! though the physics are a bit jarring but they are the defining characteristics of the game's dna and are easy to get used too. the scenery is eventful and the ui and other design elements are elegant. the cars and music are from the 90s and the game is theme based. definitely a good pastime. the progression rate is just right too!
danny wright : vary pleasing to look at and very litte ads. way more than i expected
robert chambers : it's been 20 minutes so far and the game is nice. only hang up is the whole braking situation. you have to give up steering to brake because you have to use both thumbs to brake. and the brakes only last for literally 1 second and then you cant use your brakes again for another 30 seconds or more. what's up with that? other than that, good graphics and nice idea for a game. i'm interested to see how fun/hard the game gets when i start to get faster cars and drive different locations.
scratch83 : second review because the developer clearly didnt bother reading my last one before a default comment!!! i downloaded this terrible game on a brand new s21. each time i try to start the (cr)app it just gives me a black screen. complete waste of time, dont bother downloading it. there are no memory issues like they keep suggesting in reply to several comments on here just poor programming. its clear from reading the reviews that this app was released full of bugs. must do better.
konstantin kiss : too many ads. game is solid
abhishek sharma : this game feels so good and cool at the same time. the music catches your brain . have to say it's lit.
pranab pant : with a surprising sense of speed despite a relatively low if consistent frame rate and turning a lot smoother than many other better-looking and better-tuned racers, this would-be outrun clone has a lot going for it, although the sound can be quite grating at times, the graphics, though clean and passably crisp, still at times feel a little too minecraftian for a driving game, and at times certain touch sensitivities seem to abruptly drop off. still, a very competitive effort.
samke mtshali : sorry i try playing you game but it keeps on crashing on my huawei y5 2018 lite how can i fix the issue i would give it a 5 star but i give it 2 for crashing
nemanja vladisavljev : awsome and fun game perfect for driving.
itzychismo : this is a good game but graphics need some work on and also i unlocked like 4 cars and i can't use them
ashish bhadauria : sure! this games looks and feel amazing. but i willl only point out downsides. 1. bit difficult 2. let the user engage with difficulty over time. 3. braking control bit odd, driver always wants complete control on his/her car. 4. it crashes too soon, coz it's difficult. too many objects to hit with in early stages. i hope this will result in creating more users for this app. only veterans will be left to play otherwise.
lee hermano : the game looks good, really nails that vintage road trip aesthetic. controls are terrible, though. cars are super slippery even when grip is fully upgraded. the simple act of avoiding traffic often leads to crashes. i get that this is an endless runner type of game, but other similar games have a better feel. it's a shame since i love endless runners with unique concepts, but the bad control feel really lets the game down for me. hope an update fixes it somehow.
om ji maurya : gameplay is incredible whether it's regular or zen mode.graphics is beautiful and selection of cars is also good. controls are good enough but choice of control are somewhat lacking. overall it's really a great game and probably best endless racing game. you can feel that developer has really a good taste and artistic sense. a few improvement are needed in controls to make drifting a bit easier and add options for different camera angles. more control options and customised touch controls .
j rhodes : i've really been enjoying this game. the art style is what pulled me in and is really solid. the gameplay is easy to pick up abd has a decent learning curve. it feels great to get to drive a new car with more power, you get so much speed and are more drifty which leads to tense moments and slick runs. i also really appreciate hoe much the developers have been supporting it post release. keep it up!
vishuv sethi : good graphics and smooth gameplay. i am liking it :) one - star for a bug : if you watch a video when you crash, the game doesn't go back to the main screen or resume the drive. it gets stuck at the post crash screen. always have to kill the app there. please fix this.
samuel graczyk : very responsive, addictive, and looks great (pls make the grey bars at the top n' bottom of the screen more dark tho) the damage model is a bit strange tho when you hit things, like you can slam the tail into a wall and it hardly does anything, but if you graze the front end off a car or fence it does a stupid amount of damage or takes you out completely, this is the real problem i found with the game, apart from that, really fun game would recommend to anyone, looking forward to future updates
tom robinson : most driving games on android try to copy games from consoles and computers far more suited to the style than phones or tablets will ever be. drive does things differently and knowing the limitations of mobile gaming has made a thoroughly enjoyable game! i know some have complained about ads in the free version, and i agree that they're a bit intrusive, but the paid version is so cheap that if you enjoy the gameplay, it is absolutely worth buying
hunter brown : really fun game to play, my only complaint is that it takes a bit long to gather caps but there is probably a good reason for that
vince : i'm giving this 5 stars because i think it deserves over 100 million downloads, but something minor that i would like to see tweaked just a bit is the turning. it's extremely difficult to make your car go straight again after a complete turn. maybe you need to add auto straightening to make it less frustrating for the casual audience.
tactical baguette : i wasn't expecting much from this game but it's surprising how fun it is. it's similar to other endless runner games but with more freedom than swiping between 3 lanes. the car selection is very large with plenty of cars from the 70's and 80's, and you can buy them in any order which makes unlocking them far more enjoyable. getting caps to buy cars and upgrades is very fair and you won't spend too long earning them for the cars you like. try this game out if you want a nice little time killer.
andrei scherer : overall an decent game. the game really does want you to crash though. i mean a narrow highway with pretty much no shoulder, you have limited brakes and timeout for brakes after braking. there's no point in getting a fast car, because you'll just crash sooner. there's no way to upgrade brakes. really grip is the most important attribute, but you then have to adjust sensitivity because the controls are subpar and also designed to make you crash. a standard joystick would have been worlds better..
caleb a. : amazing game. love the controller support.
ad : great graphics! funny commentary. and loved the fact you could throw donuts at the cops. also the car selection was awesome. i'm saving up to get the japanese delivery truck. awesome sound tracks from the moment the app loaded up. however, i found the controls to be a little challenging. like is it me or part of the game? very different from most games and it was hard to turn and slow down at the same time. also, i loved the fact you could pick out your car keys but that feature didn't work
yvonne kunda : this game is horrible....i tried downloading this game x5 on different phones...yet wasting my time downloading it and data if you are downloading it cancel it and if you want to download it don't!, i've tried and i've failed don't make the same mistake i made... in short (go back to school!)
jason mergel : game is good but control sensitivity for the steering could be better, to much swinging around. it is hard staying on the road, hope this gets fixed!
arlon waggoner : im loving this game there are so many cool cars alot of maps and diversity and i like the coolness button overall good game
kieran morgan : enjoyable game, love the art style and the controls are difficult to adjust to but after a while of playing you do get used to them. however, for me the pro camera is quite difficult. i don't like that a simple tap into a car immediately destroys you and you have to start over again, however you just have to get used to the controls and be able to avoid the cars. i feel like the reward system is fair and you get a fair amount of coins from playing.
ivan urban : great graphics, very nice retro vibe in the menus, car selection, tracks, 70'-80's vibe . easy addictive gameplay and not to much annoying ads
cosmic : game plays fantastic! once you get used to the controls and find your favourite car theres no stopping you. in the length of time i've played maybe an hour or two i've already unlocked another track and bought 3 of my favourite cars. i feel the mechanics and reward system are well balanced so far and with some minor tweaking will be perfect. collision detection seems fair and is defendant on what size vehicle you drive. the visuals, audio and voice overs are a+ looking forward to playing more
enrico carasco : please fix the tofuyama map. my progress is not being recorded.
vicente cierva jr : nice game dev, is it possible to add local network to race the car collection with friends & also pls add all batmans car theres a vintage there too...
joao berlindo : i haven't played for a very long while but from what i've seen this is a very fun game for those looking to just drive off into the sunset but still needing to dodge a few things on their way, the graphics really the phone in my opinion, the vehicles available are also not only nice but creative in the name that has been given to them and the controls are pretty straight forwards when you get used to what you can do. i haven't played many of the maps yet but i believe their equally nice.
adrian p : great game, with very intuitive control. graphic is so-so, but still enjoyable. some advice to developer : 1. please add more items on tracks. limited items makes this game boring and feels repetitive. 2. please display current missions on racing start page and racing pause page. it's strange we only knew the mission after we died. 3. keep up the humorous dialogoue! i love it!
how2code group ltd. : wow! this game is all you will ever need. amazing graphics, physics and a bunch of cars, although my car formula is [n + 1] so there can always be more, i don't really have anything much to say about the game since it's amazing, just maybe the devs should add more maps, and maybe when your doing quests and click for more info it should be better explained quest, but other than that nothing really. the game is repetative, but for some odd reason it's also a source of endlsss fun! great job devs!!
anand kumar : has good drifting features and all, but lacks progress. i unlocked the last car ( best one available) and compared it with the first. i thought i would be faster (as it's speed is maximum) only difference i found was in handling. all cars drive at same speed. thus it became boring after sometime.
jak : great game for the porcelain throne. graphics are really very stylized and the cars look amazing. driving is tough to get the hang of at first, but you'll get there. i don't understand what the "pro cam" does, and the control scheme only has one setup with the drift and i keep pressing under the button for it, where the score is, and it doesn't register as me trying to drift. the score can't be clicked so why not make the hitbox reach all the way to the bottom of the screen? great game.
josef stout : some nice ideas but i quickly got bored having to start from the same point in every level, just felt dull to do the same bit over and over trying to progress a tiny amount. clear levels to complete would be more satisfying. also i don't like that the car is constantly accelerating, it feels a bit lame when all you do is steer and brake.
dhwanil chudgar : this game is super fun, great theme, kickass graphics and 3d models of the city. the best is the music - each city has a different music theme which has its own unique style, and it's so groovy. the only problem i am facing is with the drift - i have drifted for so long in one run, yet the mission just takes 1 second of it, sometimes it doesn't even record the time of my drift. seems there is a bug in drift. if this was ok, it was a 5 star. please fix this.
slade nuyten : it's a nice game, but the cars are really expensive...
unfoundable : its a great game good amount of cars the driving is kinda hard but it gets easy when you get used to it
travis ruetenik : another perfectly fun game ruined by an insurmountable mission. i've spent over an hour of gameplay time trying to achieve "to seconds of drift" and even changed the control mode, but it won't go away and there is no other way to advance in the game or opt out of the mission. sorry, but missions are important. uninstalling.
francois orsini : great graphics but the biggest issue are controls which can be finicky. offer a tilt control mode and add some drift and break buttons which is pretty standard. there is definitely some tiny lag when steering the car. dev should work on the controls as without great controls, graphics and gameplay won't make the game as enjoyable as it should be. cheers
dutch brother : great little game. tons of progression. friendly discord server. not all that many adds
jonatan edrik tanoto : great graphics, great gameplay. if you play this game for the first time. the car will be hard to handle. but with enough practice. the car will become controllabe and you can enjoy the beauty of the game. the developer is underrated. really need some appreciation. so i bought the "unlock all cars and tracks" option and it's not that expensive. a huge thumbs up for the developer. and this game get very constant updates which prevent boredom. really great experience so far!
colten potts : really entertaining. it is very challenging and high quality. the variety of vehicles and maps lead to endless fun
ken esaga : i recommend adding sports cars and aesthetic cars to make the game more interesting, add some new maps too to add more excitement.
travis puariea : very very very very awesome game. 20/10. the art style, the gameplay the crontrols are all unique in there own way.
donathan : a fun little game with a cool aesthetic, great car selection and lots of personality. you don't need to pay to enjoy the full experience, making #drive a golden needle in a haystack of pay-to-win cashgrabs.
take flight : fun game, simple and enjoyable. perfect to play while waiting for something. and there aren't too many ads either.
alessandro thome : this game is one of the best mobile games i have ever seen. amazing controls, tons of content, consistent updates; i mean, what more could you ask for? truly stunning graphics, and super optimized. you could run this on a samsung galaxy s1! i'm really at a loss for words. the endless gameplay is seamless, and it's already got me addicted! (there's too much effort put in lmao) overall, it's just an amazing game, and i'd like to see the games this developer puts out in the future!
dkkl dicer : love it. art style is unique and the gameplay is pure fun. with a minimalist approach to the game, it incentivices the player to play the game, without too much complicated mechanics. at the same time there is a learning curve associated with it, making it more addictive to the casual players. and the quirky dialogues removes any monotony in the game. as a game developer in training, this game makes me feel hopeful for what i can expect and make in quality games in the future. keep it up.
john krayeski : i love this game and play it on my phone and it works extremely well and it is a very good game and i strongly recommend it, however, chromebook support is very limited. although you can play the game, some mechanics are extremely broken for chromebook, such as, crashing physics, vehicle hitboxes, ai vehicle hitboxes, service stations, repetive game crashing, and black screen on startup. this is why i gave it 3 stars. please, devs, fix your chromebook support.
nani 'bella' popper : the most laid-back test of wit & reflex i've experienced with a "true" arcade game yet. the simple, smooth & responsive controls are easy to jump into & fun to master, there's tonnes of unique cars that are all acquirable without cash, the infinitely rendering roads fluctuate situations from easy cruising to critical decision making, the levels are cozy and the soundtrack is great. awesome for just diving in and playing, no fuss no muss, and my favorite game to play when im super stoned. cheers!
usama yousaf : i like the game because of it's graphics quality, it's one of a kind, great effort by the devs but the gaming mechanism sucks. there's no braking system, traffic cars spawn out of nowhere (eg: exiting a gassol and boom). the cars and upgrades are too expensive to buy in light of the gameplay because i don't think that game lets you last more than 3-4 minutes. instead of working on further maps, the devs should invest their time in working to fix the issues. this game has a lot of potential.
craig h : horrible terrible controls. played for less than 2 minutes and frustration does not begin to describe the experience. just try to steer even a little bit and your vehicle goes out of control. i'm shocked at how quickly i decided to quit and uninstall this app. i don't want to call it a game because games are fun to play. this was not fun. i can't fathom how this app is trending so high. must have paid for the placement. anyway, you'll have more fun pulling out your fingernails than playing this.
grayson gillard : this game is one of the most beautiful, well done mobile games i've ever played. it's simplicity is astonishing, but it's graphics and gameplay are extremely fun and great for long road trips or waiting rooms. because this game needs no wi-fi it can be played anywhere. the only thing i would do to improve this game is a little backstory or increased complexity. seriously, download it!!
mateusz tegi : to be perfectly honest this is the best racing game i've ever played on mobile and maybe even beats some of the ones i played on my pc. the adds aren't bashful and only appear when the player wants to see them for some extra money. the graphics are really good and the game runs smoothly on my device. controls are simple but intuitive and responsive. i really have to say that i'm impressed and this game is one of my favorites on mobile. i congratulate the developers for doing such a good job.
razidin usman : i have nothing much to say more or less the game looks good but it's too short, repetitive fun at first but not much, too boring i guess was the right word. controls are way sensitive, response rate was slow or maybe the drifting ruined the gameplay system mechanics cause it's way too much swaying goes out of control. needs to redesign or redeveloped the game. that's all folks up to you whether you like to try, you play you decide i am not stopping anyone just here rating my gameplay experience.
liam lewis : such a good game, easy to get good, awesome amount of cars, upgrades are cheap and good only one request: an open world map (other than the training map) and i have a few ideas for it: main quests, which leads to a boss race (including mini bosses and win their car when beaten), side quests (get caps and post cards) and hidden cap stashes all over the map. so you decide if its a good idea.
el duderino : i absolutely love how player friendly this is, from gameplay to in-game currency, almost everything in the exists almost solely to serve the player, something very rare in video games let alone mobile games today. the cars and locations are great, gameplay is fantastic, controls are nice, the graphics (love the cinemascope) are stunning and my overall experience has been phenomenal. a few things to make this game better: -settings in pause menu -option to disable dialogues -more locations!
johhni 77 : this game is amazing - the art style is lovely, the technical execution is flawless, and the retro nostalgia vibes are there. what i really don't like about it is that it's basically simulating a racing car with busted brakes. that's not cool. a game like this shouldn't be nintendo-hard. give us an "easy" mode and charge money for it if you must. otherwise, i would 100% give this game 5 stars.
ziggy alpha : game was fantastic but challenge that requires you to drive 25k with the hachitofu in tofuyama doesn't seem to be working and now i'm stuck at level 19
giorgi megrelidze : i spent 3 hours playing this game and its so good. its offline and it trully just drags you in.
adam ziebarth : terrible controls at any setting,(only sensitivity option, no joystick.)repetitive back seat driver(really, shut up. every minute, "did you see the name of that town?" or something dumb.)the tutorial took me 30 mins out of determination and a total gameplay of 15 mins. i just was too frustrated after hearing "i'm not paying for that!" or "just what i need!"and dont forget, "don't think we can fix that!" but the game looks awesome, beautiful detail and scenery i just dont get how it sucks so bad.
cody beckius : love the game but only gave it 3 stars because the sound is messed up pretty bad. it sound like a robotic voice in super slo mo when any dialog pops up. other than that the game seems to run pretty smooth. ill keep it for a week and see if anything changes. if not itll be uninstalled
zane barker : many cars and stuff to try just wish it was a little easier to make money that's about it.
ilias t : wow! what a game! absolutely brilliant game. the graphics are stunning, lots of cars to choose from, many unique locations too. ive seen some people complain about the steering - its not hard at all. only suggestion is if you could add a multiplayer mode with wifi. other than that, fantastic game.
ksempac : technically sound, with good graphics and good car handling, this game is unfortunately lacking a lot when it comes to gameplay. i have never ran out of fuel, cops have no effect, score is only based on distance so neither powerups nor caps collected (the currency) affect it. there are several tracks but it's mostly cosmetic, the gameplay barely changes. which mean the game is a mindless grind for caps to pay for all the many upgrades and unlocks in the game.
bartomiej szlachta : i have never lost a drive by missing fuel station. almost always that's because of hitting an other car. the police is also not any threat. on the other hand, just a small hitting an other car results in losing a drive. the overall game mechanics should be better balanced and should be more real. the app has also some bugs on going to the background and being killed by the memory manager on android 10. the app doesn't always save the last used car, which is annoying.
leo nguyen : i love this cozy driving game! it's 10x better with a controller.
evan matthews : great game if anyone remembers driver for ps2 you will love this game the grafics and music are great
kickin it with dae dae & dre dre : i think he's doing this, like really good game, because the emotions and stuff like that is my first time to me, super great.
ruvik b.l. : an excellent game with fun gameplay and superb graphics and style
diyana kamaruddin : this game is almost perfect. the narrator, the music, graphic its all deserve 5 star. the only thing is, the steering mode don't have auto rotation(cannot tilt the phone).. the creator made for push on screen only. it's kinda hard for me since i am used to tilt the phone. sorry i'm uninstalling first later if the creator add it i'll come back again :)
rajit pimpale : amazing game. lots of things they did new than other games, and this game has its own personality. just took a long time to get used to the controls, they're really hard for a new comer to pick up (kept losing in the tutorial itself). apart from that, all too cool.
rockroach : while i do very much enjoy the game, a bug which places the hitboxes way farther ahead then they should be stops me from being able to enjoy this fully. it's a solid game with an appealing artstyle, but this bug i'm having makes it nearly unplayable outside of zen mode (the bug prevents pickups and causes car crashes much earlier than they should have been). a well crafted game, otherwise.
oddlysilent : this is the best mobile game i have ever played. the high quality, infrequent ads and sheer amount of things to unlock, work toward and do is just amazing. the work put into this game is astonishing. the only bad thing i have to say about it is it has a kind of low skill ceiling. the infinitely generated terrain makes for a challenge, but you get pretty good pretty fast. overall, 10/10, would recommend.
kerr vfx : this game is what mobile developers should strive towards creating. the game runs smoothly and looks great, the visuals are quite charming and all the cars have their own personalities. i find myself getting quite attatched to the cars and tracks as i play. the controls are great, nothing feels overwhelming; just as a mobile game should be. advertisments in this game are not obnoxious. passion and talent from the dev team are blatantly observable in all aspects of this game.
yuri gor : it would be cool to add motorbikes. bikes are slim, so it's easier to play in some cases, but you cannot ignore most of minor obstacles, as you do using car. and maybe it's not so easy to add them, because you will need animate pilot body separately. but it would be super cool, because philosophy of bikes fit perfectly the vintage atmosphere of the game. maybe it a be subject of next game #ride
trey miller : one of the best endless driving games i've ever played. good controls.
havoc nine : this game is actually quite fun. it's satisfying to drift around corners and to dodge traffic at the same time. only complaint i have is, not being able turn the black bars on the bottom and the top off, either add that option or at least make it where we can adjust it to be bigger or smaller.
ali safa : pretty cool game, entertaining, funny, and also smart. it's a five-stars game. however, to me, two things are holding it a bit back. firstly, when my internet connection is bad, the ad freezes with a black screen, and i can't go back to the game unless i exit it. secondly, why don't you list the missions that we have to do when we press pause? there's no quick way to see them, unless you lose the game. cheers
yurii kostiv : love the game, but stats counter for tofuyama is frozen, and can't complete level 19 because mission hachitofu in toguyama is broken too
eric campbell : this might be a good game. i decided to play for free to see if i was willing to purchase it. within the first ten seconds of play time, i crashed twice, as i was getting adjusted to the controls. however after each crash, i was forced to watched a 30 second advertisement. i'm willing to watch ads, but that was too much for what little i got to play.
vid matjas : i wouldn't go as far as to say the controls are bad because i have no problem with them. if the environment was more interactable it'd be awesome. by that i mean the fences could be destroyed, you could drive behind the buildings, touching the trunk of a car wouldnt kill you etc.
unused account do not reply : absolutely gorgeous little game. virtually everything works perfectly and it isn't ad heavy in the slightest. some additions i wish to suggest would be a couple of run down versions of cars that you get once you go through perhaps 100 junkyards and more detailed models when you enter picture mode. but to be clear, this game is already utterly brilliant, and these are mere suggestions.
david h : no pay2win; simple but entertaining; varied tracks with funny details; growing rang of cars, each one with another driving physics; properly working controls; overall attractive design but: i got bored quite fast since i felt like there are no real challenges anymore but to level up. i'm afraid i don't see any long-term fun.
mitali roy : gonna enjoying driving! i've seen no other driving game which is as awesome as this. beautiful classic cars, breathtaking locations and tricky roads are making me stick to the screen. also the car rewarding system is good! you get new vehicles in every new levels. keep up updates, and i will keep up driving! and maybe some donations for support. will be better if you add some currency rewards after each level up.
cosmic eggs : this game is great. the scenery and the difference you can feel in different cars is awesome. and the fonts. the only thing i would add is that when you pause the game, you can see the objectives/missions needed to pass a level. like if you have a drifting objective, you can see how many seconds you've drifted. so you can see your progress and know how much more you need to do. otherwise, this game is amazing, i really like playing it.
noah mifsud : this is a beautiful game with good gameplay and fun mechanics (the drifting is surprisingly cool and rewarding). each location has its own challenges and quirks making what could be a monotonous grind feel consistently engaging. i do wish the different surfaces (snow, wet roads, dirt) had more of an impact on the driving.
james hobbs : i've tried this game twice. it's extremely difficult to control. you give a turn left or right it's, impossible to recover. after 6 crash's and ( ads ) i'm going to uninstall. i give it 4 stars because i like the layout and graphics. mostly, with all the positive reviews, i have to consider it may an issue with the driver.
yogesh agarwal : this game exceeded my expectations. i mean not only there are several cars and maps but you can almost customise any car as well add some coolness to it. the only con i find is after putting game on pause we don't get a countdown for resuming it back which i think is a downfall. also you'll can add some challenges which can be pretty amazing as after finishing all the levels and achievements there's nothing left to do. you'll can even give some rewards for challenges. fabulous game!!!
wayne oh : #drive is an excellent time killer. the graphics, user interface, achievements, cars, tracks and photo mode are amazing. unfortunately everytime i take a photo in photo mode the game crashes... it is unfortunate because the photo mode is so much fun. please fix it. game is played on the pixel4a.
chutneyperson : very polished experience, cars control realistically (for a phone game) and shift their weight around, it was a little hard to control until i cranked the sensitivity down to 0, otherwise it's too easy to overcorrect, my only complaint is that new cars tend to cost a lot compared to the amount earned in a good run and if they where cheaper i'd pick the game up more often to get a new car
khan ahnaf tahmid : incredeble graphics & cars, controls are simple, i love the 3d effect in car & map menus. highly recomended if you want challenges or just relax in zen mode
jack maguire : easy to get the hang of difficult to master
louis louth : an excellent, stunning game, the locations are beautiful and very convincing, the selection of cars is decent, and the gameplay is pretty good although i would like to see less rigidity to it, eg you can go off road and drive on the beach (at your own risk obviously) also, i would like to see different cars have different 'abilities' eg straight line top speed overboost, or excellent brakes, or 2 lives (a large van or something) or a candy car that doesn't need to pick up donuts.
red reign : a great endless driving game and there are some cons but i don't have a complain the grapichs are good too good job
santiyesss d. bread : 4 stars because this game has a buttload of potential for a story mode, but anyways addicting game
ferrial pondrafi : simple and fun. the low poly style is wonderful.
craig : fun for time pass, but needs some fixing like in the drift park, where if you ram the wall you cant get out
evan brannon : i love this game all the cars the maps and the fact they only have few ads
blackout 5x5 : i love the art style and the gameplay is super satisfying
cristian cruz : it is very entertaining to play especially if you need a time waster
kamsiyochukwu ejeckam : cool game love the cars the physics the graphics its amazing pls could u add a race mode
henry sus bro : very fun game love it. an hour passes and i didn't even notice
rinku singh : game is good but i have a issue that there is no camera angles when you will add camera angle i will give you 5 stars
hamza fuzail : amazing game love it. but i feel a little too many ads
david oniceanu : very cool game!! i love the cars and the graphics!!!
antonio bertagna : less sensitivity car control like able to drift that the cars
coma falca : i really like the game i hope some day you will add visible car damage
justin daly : extremely fun, i could sit and play this for hours on end.
nupur gupta choudhury : it is a good game but the cars should be more easier to unlock.
jorel williams : it is a very nice game zen mode need some work but very nice
spongy leo : a really fun game to play on your free time. i can't find anything wrong with this game.
bill clinton : pretty great game, i thought it was going to be similar to those games that just have a straight road and you have to survive as long as possible but its way different and theres more of a challenge then just surviving, you have to get refuel and make sure your car doesn't get damaged, the only time i get ads is to revive. its honestly a good game
tonuzzo nicklefritz : after i got the game i thought it was gonna be boring but it's pretty addictive. not sure what turning coolness on does for a car other than making it look cool. the drifting is a bit annoying to use, would be nice if it transitioned better so you could chain drifts without dying. increasing the skill ceiling type of thing that you master after becoming good.
mr nyan cat tv : this is a great game! would recommend but only a bug where you can go through things in the training ground.
arnav waghdhare : loved it until the new update. the new update kind of makes the display screen more flashy than the original simplistic and elegant, though some may like these flashy screen. the garage though organised, its not the same elegant organise. in short; the game lost its elegance and tried to become more racing which it's not. please keep the game simple and nice with add ons to the elegance, like new car, better challenges, new maps. though all this is already there just wish it was in a calm way.
alokym creeper : i have few tips. add number overlays over car stats. you will have best of both worlds - precision of numbers and visual size of "stacks". drifting mechanic can do unnoticed because it's only usable in one of three control methods. pls solve. i suggest adding more times when you have to choose to refuel or something else (when two stations are adjacent and you can't visit both). this will add choices. if i hit stuff, i don't know if i get or lose coins. make them magnet to car or lay on ground
tim : great game. the graphics are amazing, the music is great too, and there are lots of cars to play as. the controls are difficult at first but become a lot easier with a bit of practice. the only thing i would suggest is maybe adding some new maps and also maybe some more obstacles like pedestrians, crosswalks or fire hydrants etc. otherwise great game.
c s : updt: i solved the prob with tofuyama not loading (still froze with new patch)... my home router's privacy filter was blocking whatever address the game needed to temporarily connect to. after that, my car showed up with tofuyama selected, and i was able to play the map. wonderful spring time effects! such a great casual racing game that's worth playing made by a great dev! request: please add my car? the 1993 pontiac firebird "", w/ coolness upgrade resembling a '98 transam w/ ram-air
zap man : a unique spin on runners. most running games have 3 lanes you travel on with collectables throughout the route and the idea is to get a highscore. this is true of #drive aswell however because we are driving a car you have more freedom of movement and really have a chance to pull off some risky stunts. i think the car physics makes this the best runner game i've played. i also purchased the full version which removes ads and helps to progress faster.
adina gojnea : the most amazing game i have ever seen! love the country vintage vibe, the design elements and typography are simply outstanding! very much attention to detail, great job,team! the driving took a bit to learn, but it is what makes the game pretty challenging.
yakob anggora : the graphic is beautiful, but the control isnt designed for everyone. and also the damage rating doesnt make sense sometimes (full damage when we bump into wooden fences, the same damage we received when we bump into other cars or building). other than that, the game is great, although i know it's not for me.
biggshiggs : a good game that only came across today and play for about 30 minutes, i can say it's pretty solid. the game makes the endless runner genre actually endless, power ups and upgrades feel like they actually have weight and matter a ton and there's plenty of cars and stages (for now.) for a really good playing experience. i would totally recommend this if you're looking for a medium type challenge and a good endless driving game.
ab sinteta : so far so good. bit of a hassle to get used to the controls but once you get the hang of it its perfectly fine. but there is alack of incentive to play the game and there are is no real progression apart from new cars. maybe add more customisation and upgrades
dmitri gonzalez : so for the time being the game does excell in everything apart from the fact that cars cost a ridiculous amount later in and you can only gather caps so fast that it takes an excruciatingly long amount of time in order to buy a damn car. along with the fact that you also can put upgrades on the car with paint jobs even and even those are lackluster at times. i understand that it would be difficult to create more paint jobs for all the cars but you could also just stop making cars.
jojonomuskets : i like the graphics of the game, rivaling an indie game on a console or pc, with some hard maneuverability of the controls although you can still learn them. the one thing i'd request though is more cars. as lovely as the car collection is, i would really love to see something like a rolls royce, a superfly cadillac eldorado, a mitsuoka galue/ryugi, or even a bentley sultan. i'd grind hard enough to get either of those cars in the game!
brandon lyle : i enjoy it. i would enjoy it more if it were online and could race against other players. more options of cars and different upgrades so that everyone's cars are different. would be better if there were roads that split spots not just one continuous road. and a few other things but it's decent.
azril fadzakir : strangely hypnotic, annoying (for non-drift fans) and addictive at the same time. they should really name this game #drift, because you'll be drifting all over the place no matter how much you try to control your car! but great time killer. could use some customization of button controls, though.
dodantheboss : i gotta say, the black bars that give it that '70's look' aint that bad, the cars that you can get is good, maybe add the typical delorean, or the 'hop on the flatbed lets roll truck' etc. the cars steering is a bit to sensitiv, the drifting is good,aswell as the level designs, but i'd like that you dont add a possibility to keep on going after you die, so that you have to restart. good game. -lol
ben carson : fun experience, looking for a more chill driving type game and i've come super close to finding it with drive. controls take some getting used to, but that's just about the only complaint i have. that and s lack of ability to save progress. getting kind of tired of dry crumbs.
eric froese : the physics are weird/not great, but the game looks fantastic and doesn't choke you with ads, so i'm still playing it for now. would play it a lot more if they improved the physics a bit, because it doesn't feel like your car is remotely connected to the road, which makes it difficult.
gerhard scorgie : at first i played it i didn't like it but a couple of months later (now) i actually love it ,yes the car is hard to control but that's just a few upgrades away from being fixed. i love how you drive past something or a part of town and he says something about it . and the camera mode is a pretty cool feature and the art style is awesome in my eyes . good game .
nanna shafi : nice game but please more stuff like multiplayer/single player racing
vwvento schwarz : this game is fantastic! i second ail the praise that everyone else has been showering over this game before me and have zero complaints about the steering. what i wish in terms of game development for the future are more challenges and maybe an artificial intelligence opponent to drive against mode. also, i would like to have my driven kilometers in the trip stats. and i think the changeable parameters in the garage should be 1. brakes, 2. toughness, 3. grip. i love you guys!
ollie keele : a good game but the car is hard to control
karthik nair : great visuals and even has a zen mode, but the controls are terrible. car over steers on like every other turn. i have to keep on tapping the screen constantly which gets frustrating very quickly. maybe it'll be better with a joystick? idk. ever drive vehicles on just cause 3? that's what this feels like.
mfxm : i was like: "they want rating? they get rating!" i think that out of millions of millions of millions of games i've tested this is the most addicting cartoon-style high quality car game i've ever seen. at the point of posting this this i'm grinding for a 20500 cork worth porsche with the coolness mode on.
chandni khan : this game is a very good time killing game and the controls are very easy to understand. i just love playing in the zen mode and i would recomment you to play it to. #drive
catre 12 : after so many hours i have found a nice game to play playing experience was really fun. and it's got pretty great cars and drive experience. nice job on it.
beena purohit : everything is good but i want these things change like choose a map like japan, but score dashboard show's you have donuts instead of onigiri please change the icons of donut on dashboard like uk- rock candy, asia- coconut,etc. overall the best timekiller game since when this game have only 16 cars and now there are 85 or something cars, please add an ancient india map too..
henry norton : so far game is fun, unique maybe garage so car selection easier to find owned cars on my mobile phone... kinda hard to find your vehicles etc...just started so far so good
xavier mcleod : great graphics. cool range of cars. loads if sick maps. just an amazing game in general and it's really fun to play.
aidan maguire : the game used to run flawlessly on my oneplus 7t pro but ever since the recent update the game freezes for half a second constantly, making it impossible to play the game now.
blake stepaniak : fun game, enjoyable and optional ads for the most part. have only had one not optional but it was skippable. overall a good, easy to play game
sebastian spreutels : this game has improved so much since i downloaded it. it's fun, challenging, and feels rewarding to get mew cars and upgrades.
lorenzo pizzu : its really fun, it can take a bit long to get some stuff buy i enjoyed the gamplay and the designe and music are cool . would love to see more japanese cars tho
daniel jones : really fun game! a littoe bit confusing on the controlls and settings but still really fun and satesfying when you're in a bad mood.
najdan gazibaric : simple, runs smooth, getting money isn't tedious, it's runs offline as well shich is very nice. definetly recommend you give it a shot.
sofronii dimitrov : i love the animation and attention to detail in each map and i love the diversity with each car and obstacle. 10/10 would reccomend.
brandon njamba : love the game it has a lot of cars to use,easy to play and most of all it's unique.but the police could be better,like if u don't have the donut they could chase you until you give them a donut.
paballo01 mabaso : man this game is awesome!!! i like it this game it's even better than asphalt 8 more like information on that game and this game it's cool it has so many fast and furious car and the best part is that you can decared your own dream car my dream car is a mclaren gtr because it's the fastest
game on : for some reason the game keeps crashing just before the race begin,idky..i open close/restart an tried to play it 6 timez an it crash all 6 timez just after clicking start...
fuk yu : ads or no ads, it is beautiful, calm and relaxing. must have if you want moderately unsofisticated and fun endless racing game about open road.
james strickland : neat game, just got too repetitive. maybe throw an oil slick or random jump to fail, that aside it looks great and performs well
h. wll : pretty good. sometimes you can't see cars, only their shadows and then you crash into them but apart from that it's good.
wade montgomery : pretty fun overall. just a nice chill out time killer to have fun playing. progression doesn't seem so bad. it's a unique game, would recommend
supersmoothie s : very fun, quite a challenge, happy there is a zen mode! the maps are beautiful and casual driving is very calming
travis mandela : one of the best games out there but i decided to give it 2 stars cause it keeps on stopping for some few minutes during the game and it's annoying
npc# 0091 : excellent graphics and concept. horrible controls. the way the car turns is just stupid and unreal. it crashes every now and then. could have been a good game but sadly ruined by poor controls. edit: i don't mean user input. i mean how the game reacts to those inputs. how the car reacts. it just starts drifting. that's not how cars turn. i mean the physics engine is wonky.
yure ho : good little game but too hard to control.
simone dc : not your usual endless driving game, it is challenging and hard and makes you want to reach the goals that the game offers you, great choices of car, the fastest one is not always the best one. the controls are weird but you get used to, the graphics is awesome and the gamelay is fantastic. love it
sean schaefer : this is one of the best mobile games i've played in a long time. the endless driving gameplay i very fun and addictive. the game also looks great and the graphics have a lot of character. they also don't shove micro transactions in your face like many other mobile games do and the ads are very short. this is everything a good mobile game should be.
matthew g : excellent game, i love the tracks and the weekly cars are great. the 'coolness' on every car is brilliant too, although for the customisation it would be good if you could adjust suspension and add a full colour wheel, not just four colours. also it would be great for the next track if it was more hilly and harder, i thought rio de janeiro would be cool. i would highly recommend the game
oof oof : this is a good game to quickly help you out when you're bored. it sometimes gets annoying, and glitchy, and it doesn't explain some things. dynamic, or changing music would be a good addition, as the music does get annoying. either way, its a good game and should be play by everyone that has a phone.
ignus amandus : it's a nice game to play if you like to go one forever , but the problem is that the controls are very hard and you need to practice for many days to master in it . another problem is that sometimes it crashes in my tab when i play the game while my mobile data is on. but overall it's good game for the ones who have patience in them to be practised for the drive . please fix the issue of controls !!!
dane keling : the game is a great game in itself, but it lacks challenges. great cgi, great cars, great scenery , but it needs some online challenges with lucrative wins to make the game more exciting, to make it more attractive to other people if you will.
aleksej alex : great game, but tooo many ads...
kristopher walsh : the game is really good as it is, but to make it better remove the bars at the top and bottom of the screen during gameplay. you can still have the fuel gauge on the screen just without the bars, its 100 percent possible. but other then that it's really good. also theres not too many ads either.
the user : of course the game is excellent the way it is, but my problem playing this game is just the behavior of the car while actually playing it on the road, i mean the way it turn left to right, its very sensitive so i don't enjoy the game and ended up uninstalling it, but yeah some user enjoy it. if you guys, your team fix/changed this it would be awesome and i will be happy for that then back to play the game again. thank you if you guys did.
kibbleskid : nice artstyle and fun gameplay. an interesting take on the "endless runner" games. reasonable amount of ads. progression feels too slow, and it could use a few more powerup types, but i expect more later on. it's free, give it a try.
zacky bibo : it was a nice game, pretty smooth animations
alex i : the thing you see from the very beginning: this game is made with so much love! subtle jokes, lovely car models, funny car and places names. it is worth every cent and the price for an ad-free experience is very decent. yes, the steering is little tough, but it is an arcade on a phone, so i'm good with that. great game, guys, thank you!
sava arsenijevic : it is really good, and fun, and i like the overall art style of the game, but i'll have to give it four stars for the lack of locations. i would've reallt enjoyed if you move to other towns and locations as you go, instead of just repeating the same thing with more speed and a little more obstacles and cars. that's my suggestion and that's all i have to say.
andy taylor : would be lovely if the brakes worked, even tried different control set ups in case it was just me. nope, doesn't work.
ryougi ch. : no cloud saves! you can lost the progress and cant restore it,dont wasting your time collecting cars without save feature
ryanthehero : #drive is one of the most unique retro styled games out there, the graphics and effects blend into each other as if they were colours. the car selection is pretty good, and there are a lot of movie culture references in there. i would recommend this game to anyone passing by!
jimmy t : please check the game, there's some cars in the game that don't render and only shows the shadow causing me to crash into them. playing on a samsung galaxy s8+
peach eater : graphics are nice but the controls are straight up uncontrollable and difficult, like why can't the controls just be normal, like i get it you want to be unique but really though it makes this less fun, it would make the game 100% better if controls were customisable to the comfort of players please.
snipedude500 : race game with minimal ad, good game yes
daniel somodi : this game is amazing, i love that you still have access to the entire game even offline, the 3d graphics have a phenomenal style and vibe to them. this game almost feels like an indie adventure game, the controls are so basic yet so awesome and i love that you can also use a controller with the game as well just in case you do not want to the also amazing touch screen controls with the adjustable sensitivity. this is by far the greatest feeling driving game of all time, if u r reading this getit
dunialuar : the game is great, graphics are nice, lots of beautiful car and the gameplay is also fun, only downside is there is no other gameplay variety beside driving as far as you can, maybe if you add a new game mode and add further progression system, i think this game would be a lot more fun to play, oh and please add new location!, there's only a few
larry tm : i wish you would take this and make an open world racing game...i am so tired of endless runners. if you do decide to make a racing game don't just make a sprint mode or drag racing-i can't stand those games either-2 to three laps around a well designed track against multiple racers or duel-keep the police chases in too! y'know what? just emulate need for speed underground with this art style and i will love you for life!!! and make it playable offline- that is key to the recipe! the art style!
sealand itisi : this game has been pretty good so far. i will admit that i only picked it up because the starting car resembles the trueno, but ut has fun drifting and game goals. it's definitely worth playing. i play it a little bit a day, so it's more of a on/off game. easy to pick up for short bursts. suggestion, though, next map needs to be japan: akina pass. that would make this game perfect.
satish vishwakarma : this is the most creative game ever !! you will find this game completely unique. there are a lot of new stuff in this game which makes it outstanding. the graphics are exquisite. the cars in this game make it extraordinary. when you play this game, you will realise the team's efforts behind it. this is entirely a different experience than other driving games. i also suggest to add more camera angles for the gameplay. also, please make the controls easier. magnificent game !!
lawson doolin : this game is sooo good! i think there should be a sequel that takes place in modern times, with newer models of cars. but overall this game is really good, no complaints.
manikanta g. : this game is fun and hard at the same time. background music and voice is awesome. ads are shown only when you ask for.
g matos : love the graphics and the goals, but the slider for sensitivity is baffling. you can't really "set" it other than eyeballing it.. so when you "change" it, you can't tell by how much. all the other settings have a scale except the sensitivity..
dino panliboton : the graphics is phenomenal the and gameplay is challenging
vishnu prakash : a lot of reviews talk about the controls, i think its obvious created for the slight realism. each car behaves differently based on its primary/basic state, each upgrade can cause a collosal difference to its performance and the surface in which its currently on also makes a difference. i also feel that each location also causes the car to act differently. the physics, and the mechanics are extremly polished - allowing for serious gameplay. just need more stages and a bigger draw distance.
mrfixit usa : it's a fun little game but it really needs work on the controls. for those who like the arrow button steering it's probably great. for those of us who want to be able to control the degree of the turn with steering wheel (or even tilt) we are out of luck. and braking needs a dedicated brake button.
juan manrique fas : so far pretty good game. there is a lot of cars and there is progression between maps just by playing. same with leveling up which at certain levels it earns you new vehicles. as of now 44 vehicles are in, and all are based from real life models, with a silly name instead of the real one.
fabian : it's a entertaining game. i like it, like, a lot. it does have some good sides and some bad sides. one of the good thing is that you can never get bored because the level is allways changing and is never ending. the handeling is a bit janky but thats about it. the game allmost doesn't have any ads. i would recomend it.
colin murphy : what an exceptional driving game. superb graphics, excellent voice overs ( if the dev could add a few more in the future it would be appreciated ) great locations to drive through (more to come soon, i hope) plenty of cars to add to your driving experience (via coins earned, but you can accumulate them very easily) wish all games were as good as this one. many thanks!
hasin anik : this game looks amazing, but the controls are just way too hard! it's harder than driving itself. when thecars drifts it's almost impossible to steer back into a straight line. although the graphics are amazing if they just fix the controls it would have been way better.
glen kabis : the presentation and graphics are some of the best out there. i really want to love this game but i just don't enjoy it at all. the gameplay is a little too simple. i've tried all the control schemes and different sensitivity options but there's just no settings that make it feel fun to play for me. i don't know if the more expensive cars would fix anything either, i never got far enough to unlock anything.
robert pawlik : responsive controls, decent graphics, enjoyable gameplay, ads don't appear too often
john chiu : the control is garbage. i am not a novice gamer, i played a lot of racing games and i really wanted to like this game. however, the steering is so bad that the game is almost unplayable. i tried for 15 minutes to drive in a relatively straight line and even that was a challenge. the music, graphic design, were all top notch. too bad i couldn't enjoy more than 20 seconds at a time because i kept crashing into everything.
elyar nova : there are a couple of elements which make this game really interesting one of them which personally i really adore are both the graphics and the special difficult controls. like as i've mentioned before there are more specialities in this game but the two i mentioned earlier, i think stand above the rest. however, i really want to thank the developers of this game for creatating such a unique experience.
luis zambrano : this game is great, the fact that it has cars inspired by real cars makes it even better! it is great for passing time
josh ferguson : absolutely love this game, especially since the update, this game is so well polished and is beautifully simple to play, takes a little time to get used to the game mechanics but there's heaps of different cars that all handle differently, so if you're having trouble, try another car, and the addition of the learner track is also awesome for new drivers, cant wait to see more updates to come, awesome game
lego star wars jango fett : beatiful game indeed. i love the visuals and it's simple style. the gameplay feels original and there's a great variety of cars to choose from. i like the how the "cool" mode looks on every car. i have just started playing and defivinetly recommend it.
monika raphtalia asuma : the game is challenging, especially on tofuyama, but i can't drift too much because of traffic which is fine. the music on every location really fits. a fine additional features to the game is to have damage when my car getting hit by a cop car just in case the donut didn't get. new locations and cars.
small hiki : its been a while since i've played a game so simple, yet so fun. great graphics, slightly challenging gameplay, not too hard to earn credits, this game is simply awesome to pass time with. i would like it though if there were more maps available, i have way too many postcards and i don't know what to do with them.
5th uote : i really love this game and the attention to detail has like which side of the road the npc's drive on or the dirt/snow the fly behind your car. or even just the sound of the engine for each of the cars being different. these are all things that make this game different than its competitors. all i have to say is i cant wait for new maps. maybe yall could make one on my island of puerto rico? also one more thing; could you add braking to the controls as well? pretty please?
karl nievesson : i love it, low adds and its very simple to play. i love the custom of its vehicles and the upgrades that can be done. maps are fun and with its fuel and donuts pick ups during the game play and with more things to do is awesome. the sound quality, like perhaps ambiem and weather could use improvement and perhaps adding animals or things in the middle of the way could be more ideal. cool game
ethan duncan : nice game, really cool mechanics and graphics
ramish anwar : love this game, it took me some time to get the controls down but after that it's really really fun! love the cars, the maps, the physics everything, if anything can be improved is a little on the physics, i'd love to be able to reverse 360 entry
kurameshi yusuke : amazing game,the graphics are fire and gameplay is nice and clean good for long rides if i do say so my self but yeah amazing game to play.
anuj jain : the collect options opens up whenever i'm changing the cars. otherwt a great game.
damien alvarez : this game is really fun when your bored. it is very entertaining game to play.
taylor noel : controls are nice. simple, but complex enough to feel a sense of improvement as you play. the artstyle is nice, and i like the music too. also super cool is the attention to all these older cars which get a lot less attention in video games. all in all pretty fun time killer. great for a roadtrip!
najdah g : great visuals and well played out concept. could use a few more places (countries) to drive through rather than the huge selection of cars.
craig seman : has potential but lacks in gameplay and content. to be honest i dont like the controls at all, your car handles very oddly. instead of maintaining a forward direction if you go left or right you go all the way in that direction. besides that theres not much to do.
farsme dragonius : overall a good game relly liked it but i will like it so much if the camera angle can be changed like at ground level like in other cad racing games so please add this feature an game is so good nice work
mark lukban : it's frustrating and addicting. one of my favorite mobile games. i'd get it for pc and console too if i could.
ayushi singh : wow. this game, this game is just out of this world. amazing graphics, easy controls, gives you those '70s and '80s vibes as said by the developers, and just a great experience overall. if i'd have to suggest something i'd say maybe add a few different types of passengers, like a scared guy, a sassy girl, or some guy who loves to eat? it makes it all interesting.
gabriel boston : this game is amazing. the cars are beautifully designed and well done. i love the maps. i do have 2 suggestions. 1: make the photo mode wwwaaayyy less sensitive. 2: i have an idea for a map: bayport. it should be a beach map set in hawaii. those are my suggestions. otherwise, great game! keep up the good work!
yash jha : thank you pixel studios for making such a mind blowing game good graphics in starting controls was tough but after 2 to 3 times i got my hand over it. all locations catches my eyes and attention cars are fabulous. just want to give 1 suggestions that try to give 1st person view just like the driver see from inside the car and let the controls like that only plzz accept my request towards your game. thank you.
jason kennedy : great for either a quick game or for relaxing with it for a while. it's fun and challenging trying to get the feel of the different vehicles you can earn. i love playing this game but... the advertisements can be deafening if you have earbuds. i would give 5 stars if i could listen to my own music without risking my hearing
vojta kuscak : the controls might be somewhat hard to master but once you get the hang of it, it's super fun. the only thing i have with this game is the fact that buying it unlocks all cars and tracks, which kind of removes any motivation to level up and grind for the next car you want.
bernard yap : been playing this since it launched and it keeps getting better and better. easily one of my top favorites on mobile. love the art style, overall theming, voiceovers, soundtrack and expanding vehicle selection. definitely recommend to anyone even if you aren't into cars.
chris lam : great game. would be nice if you could disable dialogue. a time trial version with no coins or powerups for every course would be nice. also racing one on one online would be cool, but i know i'm asking for an entirely different game.
mahesh kumar : i would love it if the roads were more wider. there are so many exciting cars but it is very difficult to earn coins for every vehicle, which is a big drawback. will be very exciting if we can see a different location or major changes in the soroundings after reaching a certain distance, like 1000m/700m. doghnuts- fully inside the footpath in some maps. police- good inclusion but no role (just chasing). wud like to see some more interesting concepts,like picking up a friend who does something.tq
vincent johnson : nice simple pick up and play.
friendzoned guy : i'm astonished. this is my best endless racing with low poly tooned car models, detailed areas/cities. the controls are fine, car handles a bit slidy, but that makes it challenging (but i know most people like easy to handle cars, which sucks). the car still shakes even on asphalt, you might wanna fix that (car should only shake on off-road terrain). i might wanna request for the bumper weapon to not only a plower type, could add a new weapon like rocket/something that shoots traffic car away
augustine martins : nice game, an addictive one indeed. i'm in love obviously. buh few more improvements.. like the handling of the cars ain't too fantastic, feels like every movement makes a drifting which makes it hard to steer, then every car should have something unique like. big cars should be able to hit down other smaller cars, then the break feature should be real or rather hult the car properly, then add cool pickups on the way.. say like flying cars, night mood with street light feelings, express roads..
prasanth kannan : it is a good game, with nice graphics & huge collection of cars & vans, four different stages bt the controls are too bad & vry few options are there in which tilt control options is missing. due to bad control you unable to complete the task. the developer should focus on this. i installed it in few days.
iron man : i know everyone was having a great play of this game, and i'm truly sorry for ruining it right now. i was just disappointed of how the pictures looks like here and in the actual game. i thought this was a 3d game. and it also says this is an endless game, like a free play. you just drive and explore. but i was wrong, this game collects cups to continue. yeah it doesn't have demanding campaigns and missions but it has annoying cups. i hope you understand. i'll explain further in the email.
adam olejniczak : outstanding. takes a while to learn how to drive but once you do it's amazing addictive fun you can jump i and out of. physics are great, each car is different which makes it fun, graphics and animations are smooth, challange rambs up the longer you drive. you strive to drive for longer and beat a score. works completley offline too so you can play on plane etc. wish you could give it 6 starts.
debasruto maity : if you're looking for a minimalistic themed endless driving game with decent graphics, then this is the perfect choice. it takes time to get the hang of it, but when you do, it's enjoyable. i would request the developers to add more such immersive tracks to drive on.
darleen dumaguin : i'm loving it so far. the game looks great, smooth ui, and the controls seem just right to me. people complaining about the sensitivity should probably try tapping lighter instead of jamming their finger onto the screen. keep up the great work!
emon baruah : one word: sharper turns. okay that's two words. i don't care. the tracks need sharper turns. the drift feature is pretty much useless without it. i unlocked three maps, each time hoping it would have something new to offer but it's the same goddamn track with cosmetic changes
james luciano : like this game but sometimes phone it's so lag because he can't handle bigger gb or mb
john frederik alvendia : great game! would suggest to tweak the controls a bit because there are time that you can't steer when throwing doughnuts. but overall an epic car casual arcade. a+ mechanics, a+ graphics/ artwork. i would also like to suggest more cars for specific maps i.e. japan map could use more japanese cars. this game is a blast! highly recommendable!
mr. shungite : it takes wayyyyy too long to get money, and they just raised the prices of all the vehicles aswell.. for example: i want to buy a car for 33500 caps (previously 25000 caps) but i only get >500 per run, even with a high score. the physics are decent and it's fun to play for a bit, also the fact there aren't many advertisements makes it alright.
grimm ii : 10/10. i haven't even gotten past the first 'level' yet, but i suppose thats a personal issue haha. very fun game, the voice acting makes it more enjoyable, the physics are great and not tough by any means. very good time killer in a bite size, 70mb package which is also a plus. looking forward to more levels, cars, and i have my hopes up for some car upgrades in the future, both in visuals and tuning. great game, would recommend to anyone that finds themselves in need of a boredom killer.
coz efekt : this game is perhaps one of the best i've played. if it were on console, i'd play for days, i enjoy the graphics, the controls, and the vehicle choices. it's smooth and fun for passing time and for those who don't want to worry about score, zen mode is a nice kickback mode for a calm, yet still fun experience.
ian pilsbury : definitely a neat game. was hoping to see a knock off of the 240z, though. very iconic 70's car! fun game overall.
nicolas lopez : nice car game. interesting concept... you just drive on the road avoiding obstacles (cabs, trucks, post lights, etc). everything kills you. the game is fun, but can be quite repetitive. the devs are updating it regularly. want to see what it becomes in a few months
christopher hill : i couldn't even scroll through the cars without it taking me to the key section after tapping the selection arrow more than once, immediately uninstalled.
team619 : simply the best arcade plus+ time killer . most of the review about controls . it needs to be fixed . but irecommend everyone to put the control setting to 3rd,its perfect .. and to the developers ... please add a lan wifi multiplayer. so we can play with friends . add some new generation cars . every thing is perfect
miguel vargas : its a good time killer. simple too. you just drive straight and try to avoid cars and not run out of gas.
marc concepcion : this is a classic arcade game experience! simple game mechanics, even simpler controls, and graphics and "story" that doesn't take itself too seriously! for the price of admission to remove ads, the grind is balanced well with the game's progression. a great mobile gaming experience that you can hop on and off early during your daily commute!
olivia s. s : overall this game is very great. the control look like easy, but its a bit hard. simple control, no many button. the graphic was so good , and it's look 3d for me. the car was great and many choices for the car. yeah, the game is recommended. thank you.
crystal v : it's great. but the controls are extremely hard, but that's what i like about the game! i like me a good challenge!
brandon eaton : faulty controls that don't always respond, causing a crash. trying to steer and it will just plow itself into next object. also upgrades vs income is way too much. played all of 20 mins. i'm over it. uninstalled. also ads are ridiculous. broken mechanics, ok graphics, ads every time you have to restart. if you get far, car will crash itself. boom ad.
naresh motwani : it took too much time to start the drive. crashed within 10 seconds since it was the first time but then immediately 15 seconds ad. uninstalled within 7 seconds of the advert. the overall design including when ads should be pushed, is pathetic. to do an in-app purchase we first should be able to try it out. but possibly you will not agree that your logic and design to throw ads is worst, and pushes users away instantly.
ahnaf jamil : not to sound like a bot but.. its almost perfection. music is great, graphics and art style are fresh and beautifull. there is nothing i can say is bad about this game. it lags a little but thats just my phone's problem. overall one of the best racing games on play store
harrol bennedict : good graphics, simple and fun gamplay, a lot of cars to unlock, easy to upgrade the vehicles, f2p friendly. i like playing the game for couple of days, but then that's it. it's became boring after a while.
giuggi roby : game could be nice, but after 20 seconds of gameplay you get 30 seconds of ads. really annoying. maybe one level as a demo without ads could make you appreciate the game. no time to even like it. pity. controls are really horrible.
sergiy boyarchuk : fun. enjoyable. relaxing. great game what so ever. just... would wanted to ask about adding a bit more cars, a bit more tracks, some changeable music (maybe even radio stations) and last but not least - a bit more avatars! that's would be wonderful at all!!! ride safe to all!!!
riel mallorca : this game is sooooo good. you can play it offline, you can play online and this game does not force tou to watch ads. you have an option to watch the ads and the ads prize is worth it. just keep adding cars. :)))))
sean watson : love this game, it's very fun, plays great and looks nice. one thing that i would highly appreciate and think you should do is change the design of the cop car chasing you in london to a uk traffic police style car. it would make the game a lot more enjoyable and i really think you should do it in a future update, it would be cool.
wylie s : very smooth racing game with an at times funny story! win for me! edit: tried to pick up again after a bit and it says "max out coolness" used up all my caps to try to "max" out! won't let me race, unless i'm missing the race button i can't play anymore, oh well uninstalling please fix! edit: (reinstalled) since last update, haven't had the maxed coolness bug yet.. solid 5 stars!
ball - : great game. got one bug though ( or it is intentional idk) everytime i tap the car selection navigation button too fast/rapidly, it will goes into the collection screen, and no, i already making sure that i didn't touch the collection button as the button itself is on the left but sometime it happened when i'm rapidly tapping the right button
alex maine : great game, although there's some problems sometimes there's just too much going on and it's overwhelming, like the excessive animations and screen effect. the game also makes you slowly turn into incoming cars or cars your approaching from behind. this has ruined my run several times. lastly the trees sometimes block your view.
nate parker : ok, ignore most of the positive reviews. or take a close look at them to realize that they were all basically copy-pasted with one or two words changed. it says everything you need to know about the quality of this game that the creators review bombed themselves. the controls are miserable and you end up crashing because your controls are both mapped to the same parts of the screen. too bad as the graphics are nice and the concept is interesting. don't bother and save yourself the headache.
vincent hafford : i like the escape driving games, but this one sucks! in an escape driving game, you're able to drive anywheres! not just follow the road. not only that, there's no option to turn down or turn off that lame music. get alife and learn to make real apps...
somebody's account : fun, good customization. just a bit too hard to progress imo.
timothy j. holloway : this is a good-looking game, but i don't like the controls. instead of using the finger like an analog controller, giving granular control, you have to tap on either side of the screen. this needlessly frustrates my ability to control the car properly. if the car was more controllable, i don't think this would be a challenging game at all. so this game probably doesn't even deserve a three-star. out of a sense of decency over honesty, three stars it is. it's also somewhat boring and predictable.
czack efron : i'll definitely gonna rate this 5 stars!! game is nice and simple controls make it easy and graphics is great but i wish i can skip or change tasks of levels cause i'm stuck with 7th level it's says i need to drift for 5 secs but it's too hard cause it's difficult to find a drifting place pls add those and i'll tell this game to my friends.
tree zen : can you make the road in france a little bit bigger? it's too f*****g narrow. what the hell is wrong with those brick walls? just get hit and game over. also, what's with the brakes? can you make it upgradable? it's too long to recharge the brake's parameter. there's so many things wrong with this game. i paid several dollars to buy the cars in this game, at least show some consideration toward the players.
miguel creel : this is by far the best driving game that i have found on mobile since 3 years ago. i love this game and i love the variety of cars you can choose from. the controls are very easy to use and have the perfect sensitivity for this kind of game. i do wish that there were more than 4 colors to choose from (i might have just missed a button to show more colors) but this is a great driving game and i recommend it to everyone.
_wreckit 101 : great way to kill time and really love the gameplay. saw an earlier comment about losing the dialogue, i disagree, the dialogue adds to the games character and helps keep the game none monotonous. would give it a five star but the prices for vehicles are slightly, and i say slightly, expansive. but overall great game
daniel tomlinson : i like the concept of the game alot, the style of the game is great, every thing about it is amazing. the problem is it lags alot when it come to game play, it seems to run at about 3-5 fps on my s8. this low frame rate makes the game very difficult to play.
tylee fontenot : great game doesn't take alot of skill barely any ads and doesn't take long to get new cars, wonderful game also great graphics
nathan ferne : really fun game, my favorite mobile game. driving physics are solid, the cars feel different and are fun to try out on different tracks. updates roll out pretty often and have been doing so for years. has controller support. my only complaint is it seems to stutter just a tiny bit on my phone (razer phone ii) and not on my tablet, even though the phone has much better specs. such is life. love the game though so still 5 stars.
dominic la trobe : i love this game it's so epic one thing though, not criticism just a bug, in uk when you first start playing the music is real quiet until you change the zone you are in then it updates and the problem is gone. every time you enter uk from menu this issue returns. it's not a big one but its still a problem.
aditya sharma : the game looks great but that's about it. it would be so much better if they didn't give you the shittiest car possible to keep you engaged in the game. it's so bad. along with the voice annotations at every event are repetitive to the point of being annoying. otherwise, seems fun if it worked. would like to see locations and such too.
surjeetsingh matharu : very nice n intresting game needs little inproments in controle
adi ctrl : i would like to zoom in camera, also if it could be posibel to have view perspective from the hud. i've tried driving in oposite direction and i have noticed that programmers had limited this probably for good reasons, but anyway it would be fun if i could drive around the gas station for example, instead of just not alowing the player to steer after a cerain degree. 5 stars from me.
bartosz debski : i know its endless driving but games lacks in variety. 2 worlds in and apart from driving in different scenario, road is the same. game its ok in small doses. game is not designed to kill you with ads wich is good. after removing the ads you aim is to grind and unlock other cars and scenery. somewhat boring imo
niranjan rajeev : nice game but hard to control the vehicle
chintendo : sensitivity slider needs a number next to it, i want to try and get 0.25 sensitivity without guessing where it is. would like some more voicelines, e.g. when the person/passenger (i think) says "this'll come in handy," and if i happen to crash a second or two later, the passenger would say something like "...or not." just some more clever voicelines if possible, gets a bit repetitive in the first 30 minutes of playing. sometimes when i crash the vehicle the guy would say "that was close!" ...
garrett davis : this is a fun game, got really into it for one day. i wish that the game were more forgiving when i lightly read end cars, and also i die so often from trying to get gas or other items, especially with those thick lanes in some of them. if those were more forgiving this would be one of the best driving games out there. would love to see more progression options, also wasn't so crazy about the voicework and i immediately turned it off. i recommend this game!
hasan al-haddad : simple gameplay yet very challenging.. best game for killing time but not wasting too much time.. the graphic also eye-catching with awesome animation.. i will buy full version next month.. update 03/07/2020: you lost 1 star due to motion blur.. thx for your attention to fix it, but it doesnt solve the main problem.. i still get dizzy from it.. and being more dizzy and frustrating on sakekawa track which have many crazy yet challenging turn.. please, make the motion blur as a seperate option
xchara fan : it's a very fun game to play when you're bored or just want to play a good mobile game
bronosgot : revising 5 star review a bit. #drive is beautiful and lovely but has some frustrating things. drifting is 2 aggressive & doesn't match the curve of most roads without ways 2 adjust on the fly, it feels very jerky & is rarely worth it on certain maps. & some maps difficulties are absurd. the france map is incredibly hard, i've tried all types of cars but its 2 narrow/2 many obstacles. i have a photo were there was legit no space wider than a small car 2 get through. otherwise it is 5 's
mccloudy : such a chill game. the in-game transactions are really in-expensive too.
benjamin fraser-macfarlane : this game is fantastically simple. elegant ui, beautiful graphics and simple gameplay make for a 5/5 casual game experience. with easy to learn, hard to master game mechanics this game will keep you hooked. also no ads with google playpass unless you are receiving a direct benefit and no play to win features as such. just you, your car and miles of road for endless fun. please keep developing and maintaining this game as it is an underated legend.
adedimeji sebiotimo : great game,. the mechanics take some time to get used to, especially drifting, but the game play is very enjoyable. i'd like to see more missions to unlock more vehicles, and more difference in the vehicle handling and their use in the different locations.
mrzangarra : steering is a bit arcady but still better than most casual games where you just switch lanes. overall pretty calm racing game
hector rivera : has very high potential... i think you should have roads that go left and right as well with maybe some ramps on the sides of the roads as well to give a little more atmosphere and challenge but other then that controls work good for me but maybe not for everyone idk if there is a different steering option but maybe add a booster throughout the road to speed boost from cops to give that chance in higher levels but giving higher risk of crashing as well for enhanced challenge. at that would be 5
lucian : awesome! good graphics good game play, love it!
jiraiya hermit : fantastic experience. all the cars are within affordable capacity and may all be unlocked just by persistent playing. all the maps are distinct. highly reccomend. all i request is more colour schemes, and increased threat from cop cars (perhaps extra bump damage). and more maps, please! please!
roberto gondrong : controls are somehow annoying, gets really long time to get used to it. cars are way to expensive to buy and game forcing you to buy some cars you probably would never buy. should start easy then get harder and expensive, this game has it all from the start. which is annoying.
patrick ahad : great way to pass time, the selection of the vehicle is also nice. its just the control, idk if the design of the game is supposed to be like this to make it unique, but itll be cool if you can add phone tilt controls.
sean riley hawkins : according to the reviews the game is good and on point, just that the control takes some getting used to. is it possible for the developers to add a accelerometer option to control the car. since the in game menu uses the accelerometer to display the game items.
alvin brillo : i really love the graphics. its so cute! only gripe is the game is too hard. or maybe im just to noob to play the game. and the grind is too hard. making purchasing another car almost close to impossible. maybe lower the prices of cars? or make getting coins easier. :)
marcy upp : this game is a classic and a classic that never seems to disappoint me
ian stanley : i'll give it 4 star but i would give it a 5 if you could fix the glitch on level 11 where it says do a 5 second consecutive drift, but when i continuously dift i doesnt count it a d it stays at 3.5 out of 5 seconds. great game great graphics and controls. just fix that and it would be a whole lot better.
sitki can t : this is the only game i have written feedback to. the gameplay is lovely and the art piece is on point. driving is fun. but content-wise it is lacking. make the maps transform in themselves. add some challenges to the gameplay. the cops are nut fun. maybe you can add something like highway to where police is notorious. make some active bonuses to the "huge red question marks". i hope you do well, the devs
sinviper : overall, #drive is a fantastic and well rounded game. with multiple maps and vehicles to choose from its hard to get bored of playing. the graphics are very nice and fit the theme well. cars are consistent and hold up to the theme. controls and gameplay are fantastic. and with new weekly updates and a amazing community, theres not much more to ask for. a solid 5 stars from me.
racer gaming : very good game but we would like to customize our cars by adding bumpers , extra lights , roof rack , extra tyres , and more
ryan morrison : fun game lots of cars gud controls and gud graphic
monitor : great and love the graphics. can't expect anything else, you just drive and get scores and more.
brian lee : well not play yesterday..,? ps. i am horny, and please make it multiplayer.
rinata 39 : i have to say, i've only been playing the game for a little while and the sheer amount of detail put into this game is insane, i love the vehicle mechanics and the drifting and how your car performs different on dirt and road and other ground. truly a lovely game i'll continue playing. i love car games and this will satisfy my cravings for a while.
madhavtamilan1 : a good game, but ads are awful
dudeman brochief : it's a solid game if you're into the "left/right tap" landscape type game. it's got mario-quality timing. this game could be less ad-intrusive, due to the temptations in the game. but alas, like so many good to really-good games, the ads will be annoying unless you spend. the game itself does not need you to spend. just try it. i'll spend cash to unlock at some point, once i get tired of the kart game that involves said mario bloke.
saayam chowdhury : if u don't like this game for its controls, i would say u should practice. best arcade driving. it has a large collection of vintage cars. which u can buy with caps. and maps which is bought outta different currency, postcard, recieved by visiting towns. it has secret missions, secret coolness, and a bit unfriendly for first timers. but practice will make yeh perfect. absolutely recommended!
joe perez : the cars look nice and the graphics
devin carter : it's pretty good. gets boring after a while though. i can see the vehicle parts and some of them ain't even attached in the right places. the game sometimes freezes a little bit and makes me lose when i am making a lot of distance. please fix and add more content. thank you!
ankit kumar r. : brakes should not have time limit thats annyoing, anything other than brakes and area of visiblity are really good. totally a uniqe game. please remove time limits in brakes, anyways no one really uses brakes more than two seconds. game handling is already so difficult have a timer on brakes is just too much.
luca benvenutto : greatest mobile driving game ever available for free, that's why it's so frustrating the 3fps that's has been running since the latest update(may 13), though that maybe my phone had an error so then i restarted it, same deal low frames, uninstalled and reinstalled, i couldn't even lunch it. please fix it, i really love the simplicity and the challenge that offers, my favorite game.
prithvi_ raj : wow what a perfect game. this is my all time favourite game. it has many cars. plenty of upgrades and you can chose colors too. i will want to suggest two things 1) like you have mini cars, basic cars, dirt cars, speed cars etc just like that pls add muscle cars for example 1970 dodge charger, 1971 plymouth roadrunner gtx. (as i am a fast and furious series fan) 2) you have places like dry crumbs, snow plow, la mirabelle just like that add some places which will have beach view. thank you
flynn patinkin : great game only complainy is that the mechanics are a little weird
jamie bainbridge : good idea but unenjoyable execution. needs auto centre so you don't just skate from side to side all the time. fuel and other side exits need to be more obvious because they're hidden amongst the busy scenery, ideally have the arrows always guide the player in from the road not just once within the turnoff, or make them drivethru on the road itself with the bonus item in the right/mid/left of the road. play vertigo racing if you want to see an endless racer done properly.
ah h : good old simple driving game remenicent of the days gone by. graphic design is great, with this lovely retro-modern vibe; some of the car's "coolness" modification is no less than hilarious; the 8 maps are distinctive and rather true to real life, but could do with some more. excellent game if some simple driving is what you want.
ahmed noushad : loved everything about it. just the controls a littlr bit clumay. i guess that's part of the game? but a little better control could be hoped for. everything else, the graphics, the music, the drive comments all up the top.
mike buckley : ok game but i hate that it's using the gyroscope and the ads are oversized so i can't clear them. it's very annoying to have to exit out of the app and reopen it to pass the ad... and that just clears the round progress. not pleased. set a movable safe zone and disable the useless gyroscope
shirapthi kaushik : nice graphics. good collection of cars. more creative maps can be added.
rob marks : this is a great game but i'm reviewing because i hope the developer will see this: the drift mechanic is never added to my score! on level 15, i need to drift for 10s. i have 8.5(somehow) but i cannot get it any higher despite the fact that i have now learned to slalom slide on straight roads and can stay at x5 multiplier throughout my run! is such a shame as this holds me back from giving it 5 stars or progressing with the game, v especially as i was about to pay the money to remove ads.
akogwu p johnson : the game is nice the graphic is good and also the control work's perfectly.i just like the game.
jake chadwick : the road markings for the uk map are wrong, it feels like they just copy and pasted the us road texture from the first map and called it a day. no care for accuracy. i know you can't get every little detail correct but its the one thing you're constantly looking at so it really ruins the theme of the level.
david prior : a cute but uninspiring game. many cars and maps to unlock, but the game is really undone by abysmal controls. it's incredibly difficult to be precise so you crash - a lot. it claims to be relaxing, almost zen-like and it really isn't. oh, and there are lots of adverts.
jsh strke : i quite like the graphics and the styling of the game, although i wish the car could take more than one head-on collision, or that there was a way to slow down to squeeze through tight gaps. the 5 new cars are great, i'm rocking the 3-wheeler!
brandon f : i have lots of fun playing this game! i enjoy its art style and driving physics. its seems easy to play, but hard to master. the ads do beat you over the head, but they don't interrupt gameplay. i did pay to remove the ads, but i feel like i'll be playing this game a for a little while, so it's worth it to me. i just wish there was a category to show the vehicles you own, instead of having to cycle through so many other stuff just to find what you want. all in all, i would recommend.
greg wheeler : #drive has been made with some love. the artwork is full of humour, with super-clean retro design throughout. gameplay is great on sony xperia xz with loads of cars and plenty of tarmac to explore. i had a few issues following a reinstall, but an email to the developer had the problem resolved within a few days. highly recommended!
lazaros : i don't normally write reviews but this is an exceptional game. minimal ads, awesome atmosphere, a relaxing zen mode, tons to unlock. this has the whole package. the car models chosen are so cool since there are european car icons. enough with all the mustangs! my thanks to the developers!
undeademon : it's alright. it's a good game to play while you wait for imminent death. it's not like there's any reason to play games. we're all gonna die in the end anyways. i wish there's a way you can connect to your gmail or facebook account so you could play this on your other devices while keeping your progress. i also hope the developers add a way to disable the voice over but keep the in-game audio.
t woods : i've been a loyal player since you dropped this game and it's literally the only driving game i'll download whenever i get a new phone. i love everything about this game and the mechanics behind it. i also appreciate how 8-9 times out of ten y'all add a new car and/or map! my only thing two suggestions would be to add a ghost chaser mode (if that makes sense) and to add two cars- '95 toyota mr2 and a apollo s gumpert :d otherwise keep it up the great work! i hope to see those cars one day
riesta gema : it's a fun game. another kind of driving game experience, graphics great, simple gameplay and of course the cars is great as well. *note: please fix the bug/error house that placed in the middle of the road in holzberg track.
not pixl : love the game's style, selection of cars, and how performance-friendly it is. the ads are a tad annoying but aren't intrusive. love how active this game is updated, devs working away to keep this game up to shape! the discord is full of amazing people reporting bugs and enjoying the game, furthermore helping devs. can't wait for more content in the game!
andy vargas : this game looks just so gorgeous! and its so much fun! really well artistically planed! should ad more dramatic/spectacular crashes, or the ability to rotate a bit the camera after you crash to peek around, the environments are really gorgeous would love to see everything! so much great job! for artist and programmers and everyone !
lactose intolerant : managed to pass my boring time somehow. the control are equally insane i like it, repetitive gameplay, graphics are somewhat in between nice and bad, acceptable ads. alas, the car guy voice is on point. i'll give this 3/5, overall its a good game. its not great but could be better
zila the man : best game ever,i think you should and the cars because most of cars are old other than that is the best.
omkar sawant : there a bug in the game, i have reached a certain level i cannot complete the mission because 1) the mission requires the "boogieman" car 2) the boogieman car will be unlocked after doing that mission hence the vicious circle... its frustrating coz i cannot report it anywhere on the game... please check it out and do the needful... overall its a really good game
krzysztof setlak : i'm honestly impressed with the quality of the game. it's simple, easy to learn, hard to master - just as a mobile game should be. and the quality of 3d models, overall feel, attention to detail... among other mobile games this one is certainly top league.
nothing : it's really a great game and the idea of this game ia really great hats off to you "the developer" just one thing the controles , during refueling or doughnut i need to slowdown my vehicle but for that i required to hold both of my thumbs and take a turn simultaneously and which i didn't hence i required to change my setting to button 1 so kindly put that setting in default for everyone's convenience sake.
zbarba : this is an amazing mobile game. incredibly entertaining, well optimized. the handling feels really good, the default controls are very simple yet they give you lots of control. i didn't give 5 stars because the levels are too straight to fully enjoy driving, i'd love some maps to be more open-world-like similar to the first map
bobaggins gameing : fun game just some anoying adds here and there
christopher gibson : absolutely gorgeous graphics... easy to play, hard to master. note: turn down sensitivity in "pause" menu for easier handling... maybe turn it back up when you get more confident and need quicker reactions as the game progresses.
v. sankaran venkatesan : a really nice driving game.
noah hildenbrand : nice game. but it's hard to play and i die a lot
ethan irvin : very good game! not hard to get the hang of
vignesh rathnam : not so good for controls
arlene grice : it's a good game, but a bit too hard.
shannon goodwin : i like that you can drive like it is an arcade game but i'm hoping not too much car will cost alot of coins in the game
nik conley : review updated now that i have more play time under my belt. the game is ok. big selection of cars, but slow progression through game means it'll take you a very long time to collect many of them. regardless, you are almost motivated to use the slowest car possible anyway. limited selection of tracks, and you'll run one of them 50 times before you have enough credit to unlock another. new tracks provide more challenge without increased reward.
krutarthxo : so good graphics but trash gameplay. most of players wont even invest unless it has a goal to be achieved rather than mindlessly just playing same map for just cars and chasing around bottle caps. also controls are totally wack and car wobbles so much that cant be controlled while drifting. i just hate this level end system when you crash or damage the car.
cheryl n : it's an amazing game plus i can drift in the tofuyama map in japan!
antonio dias : it's hard to find some good games on thing store unless you go to top rated, paid but other then that there are no real ways to find a good game. when i found this i was skeptical but now it's my #2 most used app. simplistic game play/graphics which makes it the best casual game to play when you are bored/offline. not many ads i think but hey you have to make money somehow. zen mode make it a way to calm down having a nice drive and pro cam may sound menacing mut is probably the best way to play the game (it should be renamed to fixed cam because that makes more sence). this is a pretty great game and has a full recommendation to almost anyone.
onkar singh : i like this game very much. but the only problem was that it didn't have any damage increasing option at all.since their is no quick way to see all the missions we have to do when we pause the game until we don't get out. come on give some changes to this game and also this game is 2019 winner . at last their is son many drifts. congrats for 2019 winner
carl cashman : good game plain and simple. graphics are perfect for this being a fun game and i like the controls once you get used to them. a lot of things to achieve and vehicles to buy so you won't get bored or clock it too soon. i'd like to see a little more customisation options like wheels or more of a colour palette in future updates
xander thompson : the controls are simple, but this game is challenging to master right. very fun game with a fun selection of vehicle types and new choices always being added! still loving all of the vehicle and location additions, keep up the great work!
a google user : i want to love this game. the art is gorgeous, and i'd really love to play a casual driving game. but the input is inconsistent and the collision is unforgiving. worst of all, it is possible to play for 10 seconds before getting a 30 second ad.
theo damasio-razafiarizaka : +initial d and other cutural stuff references +good graphics, minimalist but not too much -handling is a bit hard -physics are weird: you're supposed to slow down while turning until the direction you're heading into is the same as which you're facing +prices not too high -"coolness" is often not good-looking, especially when you chose those reference cars
- nameless nomad - : i've played this game on and off for the past year or so, and it's great. easy to pick up and waste some time on and actually enjoy said time. great catalog of cars, which grows with each update. suggestion : a "no traffic mode", sort of like the zen mode, no need to worry about fuel, repairs, cops or traffic, just an endless drive, especially on maps like tofuyama, so i can drift without worrying about dodging cars and so i can tear it up on the moutain pass section.
thefrkoby : this games is the perfect game for you when you do not have internet
kaji thatotherguy : great fun! light on battery, great models. good to waste a few moments and even if you end a play early you don't lose out, you still get postcards and caps. would only ask for appropriate police sirens for areas. little authenticity. but i'm nitpicking. go play it already!
king ironfist : #drive is a fun driving game. i enjoy plowing through cars as i'm sliding through the towns. excited and hopeful to see new towns pop up and possibly new power ups? visually appealing and the controls are simple. thanks for the game. could you maybe add a town with holes in the road or like ramps... :)
hand : entertaining and fluid pretty good if you ask me and i definitely recommend it to anyone who likes endless runners.
thisisathreat : great game. thats plain. but i found a glitch where when you die and are offered a revive if you watch a video, after the video your car is stuck. in one place. with the wheels fallen off still. found this while playing zen mode but it also happens in normal mode. 5 stars if bug is fixed.
equaals : this game is pretty fun and cool the graphics are great it's just what i needed but the reason i'm giving it 4 stars is because when i want to brake and turn and i can't then i miss one of the stations or something could you solve the issue by maybe adding the brake somewhere else or double tapping right and holding to brake but honestly this game is great and a you yes you person looking at reviews... just try the game it's great :d
shaik sazeer : loved the game but ads are bit annoying please reduce ads and i was very much impressed with the graphics what it have. it would be better if you add some other camera view for this game ,cars looks far from screen
poki imane : edit 2: down a star, earning money is still painfully slow. edit: tried again. update reduced traffic density and cops in early stage. much better for beginners. added 2 more stars. original: great looking game. unfortunately progress is slowed to such a crawl without spending money that it sucks all the fun out.
stnewts : fix the controls already!!! this game shows so much promise but the controls completely ruin that, they are terribly twitchy, precise driving is impossible and the insane amount of oversteer will often result in fish tailing, very uncomfortable, can hardly play 5 minutes, it's such a shame since everything else about the game is pretty much perfect...
gaming titan : this game is a great driving game with cool voice-lines and good attention to detail on the maps! the only thing i would say is that the maps get boring and repetitive after a while so you have to save up postcards for a new one for a while. other than that, a great game, i recommend it.
md hasibur rahman : this game is extremely bad because of control the graphics and gameplay is good . it is frustrating to control the car, sorry buddy but this games problem is it is very hard to control the car.
danny kime : its a pretty decent game. i like the scenery and the challenge of driving through a gas station is risky yet rewarding. the controls are ok but i dont like how the camera moves with the car. apart from that, i love this game, super fun!
robin timms : cool game. looks and sounds amazing. a classic old school style driving game.
stephen jacques : i discovered this game by pure chance on social media and thought it had nice aesthetics...but assumed it might have been a switch or xbox game, and not available for playstation...happy to discover is was in fact an android game! perfect for my new 21:9 xperia 1, and it runs perfectly, plays perfectly as a casual mobile racing game... the art style is on point i only hope there is more to come
rafky fauzan : simple, yet addictive. ads are surprisingly not intrusive at all (of course you can just play with internet off), and all the cars are easily accessible by simply playing (no p2w mumbojumbo). the immersive atmosphere and funky ost tops it all off. would love to get more maps to drive at though. also the photomode is simply awesome!
2kaysavage : great game, but i would love better graphics
nicholas abel : only got to tutorials, game freezes up and quits halfway through lessons. uninstalling. this is the only game that i own that quits on it's own. games need basic functionality first. i agree with other reviews about it freezing up when the controls are pressed fast. this game has potential to be fun.
william cheng : fun, low stress way to pass the time. graphics and animation are high quality, music is bouncy and spirited, and there's just enough challenge to keep me coming back. ended up paying for the ad free version.
rowen krampf : good looking graphics, awesome music and enjoyable game play, with a good variety of different cars many being obvious and funny references to real models. i like the zen mode which allows one to get better accustomed to the controls or simply enjoy a more casual game. all around a great driving game.
mike clarke : solid game to play on the loo at work. though a very soothing game to play, there needs to be more progression points to keep it engaging, otherwise its a very repetitive. i guess thats why they encourage you to buy no ads then unlock all cars and tracks.
alessandro celoro : this was easily the best game on the app store for me, until the latest update which makes it much more frustrating, less enjoyable, less fun to play and the menus more confusing and ugly (i preferred the old style) . i think it would have lasted for a long time in my library but now i will just stop playing it.
real gamer 20 : very very relaxing game, in the category of drive ,ever made . controls are very very responsive. and there are not so many controls ,so gamers can enjoy full view and adventure . graphics is slightly different and lot like a driving world ,so we feel like we are coming in a adventure driving world............... the interesting thing about it that we can play it offline this is the very interesting thing that i found in this game and there are no ads
aarif iqbal : simply beautiful. apart from the stunning visuals, the controls are what makes it more interesting. it has huge potential and a massive expansion along with online multiplayer support in future would do true justice to it. just imagine something like this in an open world setting.
elisey rodriguez : strange but in garage: when you're trying to tap fast to switch cars, #collect menu opens up for some reason. also, would be nice to give the player at least 2 seconds to watch the road situation after a pause. great game overall.
a grave misunderstanding : for a game about evading the police and speeding, this game is really chill, not only that but you can really tell the devs put their heart into this game, the voice acting (what little of it there is) is fun and we'll acted, the art is unique and adds to the style although the dust trail is a weak point in my opinion. there are obviously adds but they don't feel that intrusive and there aren't any paywalls. progression is a little slow but the game is fun in all stages. give it a try
pete : really good graphics, great gameplay if you want to use up an hour-or-so. it's definitely one i'll keep coming back to. the only thing i would change would be the voice; either bring in another one or add more phrases. great selection of cars!
hamza anjum10 : i would rate it 5 if the developers will add gyroscopic control in the game... however the graphics are ok.
nicholas martin : love gfx, ui and mechanics. pretty cool stuff!
shin jon : best game great graphics and nice background music overall great game. love this game and it's developer who has created this game..
pouya mohtat : carefully crafted. gameplay and graphics are great and i love the classic theme going on and the humorous dialogue. the only thing keeping it from being a 5 star game is the limited items and power ups that makes it a little repetitive. also why can't we control the car using the phones gyro??
aaron paul leabres : i have only one thing to criticize. the size or the proportion of the car. correct me if i'm wrong but i think when i first downloaded and play this game, the player car is the same size and/or proportion in comparison with the random ai cars. if you could just get back to that state or if i'm wrong about my memory change the player car size.
shivam : graphics are awesome, music and the voice, everything is awesome, only one thing i found annoying is the controller, its so bad. really hard to control your car on the next turn. i've also checked the sensitivity level, but i don't see any changes at all. please solve this problem!
kai tyas : great driving app, the touch controls are a bit sensitive. i don't know if there is a way to change the sensitivity but if there isnt, i would love to have that put in. but other than that it's a great endless runner
chris basso : super entertaining game with a beautiful soundtrack/themes that compliment the fantastic graphic style used! however, the drift "button/physics" in steering type 2 is really not enjoyable. and thats annoying, as its the only way to gain points for "properly drifting" as the other types dont reward it with multipliers.. also as a lover of drift myself, i feel the act itself in game should also reward you with more speed not less, photorealism can sometimes come at the expense of fun factor.
nkado harrison : the controls are a little iffy, being able to apply the break once in a while is unfair, if that should be the case acceleration should be subject to the player and not automatic. otherwise, the overall gameplay is okay
anshul patel : this is a fun free to play with some small issues that can and will eventually become annoying. play for the fun off it while it lasts. pros - - +great graphics +fun cars + large variety +easy to pickup cons - - -wall tend to be difficult to learn and have many parts where crashing out is unexpected -controls are easy to pick up but can be annoying to use especially with the 1st issue -roads don't really fit the drift mechanic, the turns are tough and some raid too narrow
edward sutton jr : awesome game first of!! fantastix job devs! however, there's an opportunity here, especially with auto acceleration, to have a portrait orientation mode for quick, one handed, on the go, awesomeness!! please consider this. it would take this game to another level!
a 1 : it's a beautiful game but controls need major fixing.. could be an amazing & profitable game if dev wasn't too greedy and making the car ridiculously sensitive... i'm crashing into something every 2 seconds. guess one of the ways you can revive though? look at crossy road as an example of a beautiful game, that does game contol correctly and they still make millions of $.
dylan alton : hahaha, imagine creating a game you can break immediately after completing the tutorial. i had enough coins to buy a 2nd car but the game wants you to spend coins to upgrade the 'coolness' of your car. oh no, you don't have enough coins now? great well the game is broken now, sucks to suck. what a joke!
ravnil raj : the game is aoewsome coz the graphics suits the game but there is a problem where there is no upgration of cars n there r not enough cars to play with,n also there should be more roads to play in.the controlling of cars r great. there should be missons to do n complete it to achieve n price, to the controling zone there should be a brake included to stop o slw down the vehicle in order to save it frm acidents,one more addup is tht if can make similar to the onlin game to pair n play with friends.
arya rovana : gorgeous game, the art direction, interface and music are great. the only criticism i have is about the game a toy, while driving controls are well balanced, in my opinion it's not a very comfortable choice. maybe that's just me though...
clanline35028 : its a great game, and very fun to play. however, the tutorial is a bit lacking, leading to difficulty when actually playing. for instance not all of the controls are explained, something that should be done
jessie jay nemeno : its a really nice game. atmospheric and relaxing but one thing that puts me off is the lack of motion control in a driving game. touch controls can get too sensitive and make the car hard to control.
daniel marton : perfect example of easy to learn hard to master games. easy controls and in-game tasks, yet no boring at all. graphics are simple but entertaining. every item as far as i know can be bought just by playing the game. it is a well done game.
good question : i would say in my opinion its a good game the retro style and easy to grasp controls the game is nice.its one of those games that you only play for a little while before uninstalling but sometimes you keep the game for a bit longer and it starts to feel good.all around good game with nice graphics easy controls and retro design.
aaron volcic : game is very well designed, the art is really good. they have a lot of cars in the game, my personal favorite car is the mail box with the coolness upgrade, it turns really well and when it takes damage it gets boosted.
brody miller : something is wrong with this game. i download different games all the time. i downloaded this one not too long ago. right after it was done, i tapped on it to play it and it would back out onto the homescreen everytime i tried to play it. nothing is wrong with my phone either. please also fix this because i really want to play this game again.
raditya arga putra : i swear to god, every game on play store is always locked at 30 fps. what's the point in having all the processors and all the rams if there are no games to make use of them. but anyway, it's a really good game. it even has antialiasing which is great. i have no other complain except for the locked frame rate. it'd be nice if there was an option to run the game at 60fps.
reid johnston : controls are not intuitive or simple. in fact none of the steering options make any sense. graphics are bright and interesting. after the first crash an ad pops up that you can't back out of.
anmol sharma : the best game i have ever played on android, i wanted a game like this for years thank you so much for creating this. but, i have some requests... 1. please add a tilt control support, touch control is kinda hard for me as i've been playing mobile racing games with tilt controls 2. please make that coin pickups icon smaller, it is huge and it kinda makes it difficult to see whats going on in the later levels... please bring these 2 changes in the next update
dylan milne : this game is surely made by boomers. cheesy 80s style. unnecessary voice acting from an unknown character. repetitive gameplay. have to get into debt to unlock cars at a reasonable rate and progress. vertigo racing and the pako games are much better than this. their gameplay is fun and progression is steady. boomer game.
zagreb boris : nice game, nice graphic, nice retro feeling... it has potential, but should be polished to shine. the controls are very slow responsible, and extremely rough. almost unusable. the voice in the game after 3 minutes starts to repeat same and same comments, it becomes repetitive and really boring. and price for removing adds is too high - 5 $ is a way too much for this little game
nandan singh : this is a fine masterpiece with a few issues. however, the updates are fixing it. what bugs me is that cops don't feel like a threat like elder felt in alto's adventure. evading them is very easy even without donuts, other the game is well done and every aspect is great and taken care of properly.
yuka [gd] : this game is good and chill i like the car physics and the graphics of the game it looks simple but the shadows color makes it more good the control is easy but there's is a bug at tofuyama map,so when you drift sometimes the car just sink into the road and you crashed please fix that bug because it's kinda annoying.
rodney lanning : really fun game, challenging with a great selection of vehicles and great looking graphics. i just downloaded a few days ago, but so far it is one of the coolest mobile games that i have played, and i would recomend it to anyone who is a fan of racing games and classic, iconic cars.
joshua griffin : can barely play the game because of all the long 30 second ads. i can understand needing to have afs in a free version but this was way too much. i uninstalled immediately. great graphics and gameplay for the little time that i could play it.
xia sales : i thought it was open-world because it says "endless driving" and guess what? it's not. it's technically "endless driving" because you can retry multiple times, but basically it's like a temple run for cars, except that it sucks 10x more, and above all that, the controls suckshonestly i wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
aituar kenges : i have enjoyed the graphics, controls and everything. but it all lasted only for tutorial and the very first game. after it asked me to develop "coolness" to max, but i couldn't - spent chips on other staff. and now, it doesn't let me play. bummer
mccrazy 23 : it's not a bad little driving game but the controls are beyond sensitive even at the lowest setting, can't control acceleration and the car selection screen is a bit difficult to use, as being too sensitive on everything. other than, it can be fun.
ashutosh anand : excellent game . 4 stars cause of limited gameplay , only 4-6 maps,no turns or twists only right and left or maybe a a race mode with a broader road ,there are so many ways to make this the best game , the graphics are beautiful and gameplay is awesome . some more additions and this will be good enough game .
anastasia bielievitina : this game has such a smooth graphics, i love its color spectrum which is so relaxing and control is pretty convenient. i can't wait for new locations to be added, it's really enjoyable and deserves the highest rate. keep it simple, keep it up
rafaim regis : graphics is promising. i feel like this game would be perfect for guys like me who seek classic games. but the controls are really hard. so i uninstalled it. i hoping for an update on your controls. that way i might wanted to install it again.
manpreet singh : good, but way too many unmutable ads. i really like the gameplay but ads after every second run are too much and they are not unmutable even if i have sounds off in the settings. frankly i'd like to pay for the app but the number of maps is too few to enjoy this after a couple of weeks.
loading _ : apart from the backseat driver this game is a great passtime and good for friendly competition to see how far you can go, controls are simple and easy to pick up as well as the cars that are clearly based on real world designs so good for a car enthusiast like myself
adarsh : this game is super fun, but i think there is some problems with the sounds and music of the game, the characters voice and the music is playing as it was a slo-mo robo kind of voice . i wish the developer fix this issue soon.
bravebear 2 : has decent graphics for the game quality. the controls are a bit rough, definitely not smooth for a driving simulator game. it has potential but the interest just isnt there. nothing to really grasp attention.
cj imperial : easily one of the greatest games for mobile great sounds great cars great graphics it's just so perfect. i'll say though that it gets grindy but it's kind worth in my opinion the controls are simple too. i hope you continue developing this game. and take some rest.
ryan tirtajaya : i've played for 5mins and i feel the quality of the game is worth to pay to remove ads. ads are really long, 30 seconds, and it's really fun skill game that is easy to die in if you don't focus which could result in you watching ads really frequently.
keanu edgar novicio : this game is really good! 4 stars because the latest map has too many hindrance in the road and it's a little bit tight compared to other maps. and looking forward for more new maps and cars, specifically more japan cars in the initial d series. :)
cher maleking : maybe one of the best games in this genre. the graphics are really amazing and stylish. the gameplay is so smooth. a lot of cars to choose from. just remember that the brakes in this game are more precious than the brakes in any other car games lol. good luck devs. keep the good work up.
hendrik prinsloo : hey guys, this game is definitely very fun and addictive. the only problem i find is that the controls are a bit stiff, if the turns and breaks could run a bit smoother then this game would catch everyone's attention during lockdown.
elijah vincent : now this is what a good free game should be! especially with the inclusion of zen mode! more games like this please! no more garbage like gardenscapes scamming you with their false and shady advertisments! the only time you see ads are when you aren't playing and i, for one, greatly appreciate the developers for appropriately placing the ads! great soundtrack, pleasing scenery and good atmosphere creates a solid fun experience!
alex sandoval : horribly tedious. i turned down the sensitivity to it's lowest possible variable and i still had trouble controlling the car. when your game is a simple touch left to turn left, and you can't get that right, there's something wrong.
saltyboytyler : its a pretty good time killer and a ton of cars for you to unlock. i dont like the steering part as much since to use the brakes you have to hold both sides and sometimes the game steers to one side instead of stopping(when brakes are already cooled down)
ohm vyas : very minimalistic yet stylish game with great features and reasonable advancements. although there r many ads, there isn't a troublesome amount which is something that makes this game good. i also love the graphics of this game as it looks very nice.
mohammad asghar syed : the motion blur added in the new update for high graphics gives me motion sickness, it should be optional for user to turn it off or on based on their preference. i have to play on low graphics settings because of it. 5 star game otherwise
frederick nicholas : nice app, not too many adds and they're all skippable anyways. the premise is simple and the controls are easy, very nice game. collecting caps takes forever, though, but that's just part of the game and my own lack of skill.
deadsphere : this game appeared cool at first, even having an ae86 and all kinds of cool cars i knew and recognized, but to even play past the tutorial, you're forced to upgrade your starter car to "max coolness" which does nothing more than give your car a stupid rally bodykit. the game doesn't give you enough to upgrade past level 2, which means you're required to pay real cash on fake money for a feature that does nothing for gameplay. this game is the very definition of a scam. it's sickening. honestly.
michal linke : it's a really great endless... driver. tons of cars to unlock, every single one of them made with love, meticulously designed, with character. this game can last you years until you unlock everything! only one, cheap iap to get rid of not even that annoying ads. i recommend it fully!
dog fucker : i really enjoy this game, its only 1 of 3 games i own and i play it with my spare time. the devs did an amazing job with the game, the graphics are great and controls are good enough but confusing when you first start (try zen mode) but can get the basics quick. the new update really makes the game cleanier but sometimes i cant move anything like a minute in. this is a major bug so please fix this but amazing game im really happy with your teams work
shikhar garg : this is a wonderful game with minimalistic graphics and nice look and feel with comments coming through the journey. plus the motion thing in the garage is just amazing . never seen anywhere else. 3 cheers to the development team and all others who have worked on it
box horridge : the graphics are neat. i like the look of the game. i saw some comments that said it was too hard. if you adjust the sensitivity on the steering you should be good. super fun. great job thanks for all the effort put in. it's one of 2 games on my phone. i dig it.
blue kamel : the game concept and graphics are excellent but 2 mayor flaws in my opinion: 1) controls are so bad, i tried different layout and sensivity but didn't help... e.g. starcombat (space ships) you enter dog figths all the time and can aim others ships in 3-axis movement, in this game a car in 1 axis cant be controlled correctly 2) from 1st level its saturated with obstacles, plus bad controls you cant get distracted or u crash, so how can i just take a look to landscape/town?
mocha : simple driving game and the drifting is fun. the compulsory ads are quite irritating and i paid to get rid of them. there should be more rewards with objectives to make players stay with the game, rather just collecting bottle caps. more features will be welcome. hope more update will come soon.
atte jamsen : great game, very entertaining. some cars' coolness upgrades change according to you unlocking another car, but you can't choose to go back to the one before after unlocking the required car. changing this would be nice.
adam cornette : decent pace, fun to play, but most will find this repetitive quickly. imagine a car version of temple run, with a better look and better controls. it's just doing the same thing but it gets slightly harder as you go.
erik choong : nice little time killer. gives you that "one more time" kind of feeling. plenty of cars to unlock. but upgrading doesn't quite make any difference to the vehicle that is noticeable. still, that doesn't dampen the experience. keep improving devs.
anonymous : the control...your steering wheel is controlling the rear wheels not the front. so when you turn left, instead of the front of the car leading you to left, it's the back of your car swinging to the right... in a nutshell it feels like you're driving drunk all the time. i figure it's designed that way on purpose?
surya kiran ss : absolutely superb.this game will give you a cute and unique gameplay experience!! each map is crafted carefully and extremely detailed. that soothing voices gives a special kind of pleasure when driving the car. car garage is also endless!! plenty of cars with special features and styles would never make you feel bad try it. my fav.
pratik anand : brilliant. it's just brilliant. free-to-play, interesting gameplay mechanics, attractive graphics. tons of cars, detailed maps, and most importantly there's the zen mode for relaxed gameplay. great work developers, wish i could find more such games.
zord r. : #prettyhard to learn to #drive properly. at the beginning, i lost so many times that it was hard enough for me to rage quit and uninstall the game, but i reinstalled it later and tried several times and got a little bit better. therefore, better do something about it before someone rage quit and uninstall your game like me and they might never play again.
j brown : not fun? it's the easiest way to describe it. controls are , not good. this game just didn't click with me. looks beautiful, no bugs, lots of cars. just blah for me. a thousand games in, i love car games and driving, just not this one. average.
jason patrick : absolutely loving this little endless driver! the visuals are top notch and hearken back to the days of auto modellista. each car handles differently which makes unlocking new vehicles feel like more than just a visual upgrade. highly recommend!
robert : honestly, just a real addicting game. everything is good at getting used to. i did notice a slight problem though. this happened once so far, but while i was driving, this wall made out of the houses on the side blocked the road. i was driving on the german map.
oliver kuusmann : looks cool, but the steering just don't feel natural. wish that it would be done by phone gyro and brake pedal would be under one button in the left corner. sensitivity is way to much (lowest settings). but yeah gyro for steering please :)
the moover : ive played this game before and it was awsome. i just was wondering though if u could have a racing mode because i think the cars would look great next to each other. have it same style and bit like fpv racing but samw style you have already with the racing aspect. the game looks amazin i just wanted to see you guys take it to that next step.
ratan mani debbarma : overall nice. make the gameplay fullscreen and let the fuel meter be on the gameplay screen instead of having a black bar. framerate is nice, physics are nice, after race is finished the car slides horizontally on it's own so fix that. overall nice game.
joshua wright : really fun time waste with a ton of cars and upgrades. its really lacking in a story or purpose other than driving. maybe like a rags to riches, why are we in the desert. different backgrounds or even a few characters or cast would help alot.
yogify : nice .... great game. i liked those arrow controls ... would be nice if u could add some more sterring modes like ( tilt, sterring wheel, joustick,) and. the are so cool i liked the 3 wheel one. it looks so funny would be more nice if u would add a car upgrade option ..... cause. it isint very fun to drive a car .forever without upgrading it it would be 5 . if u would put more sterring modes and a car upgrade option :-):-)
jeff jeffson : listen, i'm not into driving games, they're not really my cup of tea. however, this game is really good! nice graphics, pretty good controls, and some nice cars and locations to obtain. i recommend this game to anyone who wants a good and (somewhat) calm mobile game to play.
jason pravic : i used to have a 5 star for this game but since the new update i can't even open the app. i tap the icon it flips to the load up screen then goes back to the home screen all on it's own. i've restarted my phone multiple times and i've redownloaded the app multiple times. i can't play this game and i'm pretty tight about it.
banjo booker : the gameplay is simple yet rather fun, but unfortunately the app is very pushy about ads. optional ones that give you bonuses are one thing, but if you decline too many opportunities to watch them the game will just force one on you anyway. rude. based on that i can't recommend it, which is a shame because otherwise it's actually pretty good.
bloatedgopher : ads are a bit bothersome if you are looking for a strickly free game, but it gives you a chance to try it out. i was enjoying myself enough that i sprung for the $3.49 to turn them off and now the game is much more fun without getting your rythym broken to watch an ad everytime you want to drive or need to reset.
spencer beckett : really cool graphics and gameplay. only things i would tweak are the voiceovers and the braking system. sometimes the brakes seem like they don't work or they wear out too fast. just a little confusing
a google user : this game is good, it has great driving mechanics, and i love the originality, it reminds me of childhood games like chase hq, but the only issues i have with it is that the fuel finishes too early, and the cars are too easy to crash, this made the car fix power up not useful, because it doesn't really fix your car, you hit your car once and its destroyed, again your game is great, i really love it, and i hope you guys fix this issues....pls fix it, i want to play it more, thank you
bowen nace : i understand the point in this game is to handle a car that is hard to control. but in order for a game like this to be good, you must have a opening to rhe game that isn't repetitive. this game has a very repetitive feel to it. the tutorial back seat driver is very annoying and it takes away from the driving. it make me dread to have to restart. i played 10-20 rounds and then never toiched the app again.the graphics are well done and that makes the repetative voice even more agrivating
maxim jones : the game was fine. i didn't like the new indicators but i got over it. now, the game don't work at all. it doesn't open at all, as all i see is a white #drive writing over a black background and that's it.. the app just closes itself every time and i don't like it. fix it asap.
jain jegi : well....it was a totally different experience i liked the interface,the music,additional,subtitles,cars..and especially the calligraphy. really enjoyed the game... few minor problems that i faced was 1)in the desuchland map i could go through some trees() 2) when we change car and start a drive...the game becomes laggy well thats all i could find and..thanks for making a less money hungry game.... good job guys
aleksander stojanowski : game is really nice, but i noticed some bug. when you start a map, but before you gain control on car, you can start drifting (without moving a car) and before game starts you have multiplier 2 or even 3.
art deco city architecture : there are games that care, and games that use there good effort for bad usage...this game has the care and the graphics which is a gift unforseen to all. i haven't found many games that actually give you cars older then 1982 so this is an otherworldly insanely well loved with care treat of a game. my only intervention to this would be more genre from the past, 30s, 40s and definitely 50s. and some big 70s sedans, the classic cadillacs, oldsmobile, mercury, ltd, you name it!
martin : typical bad cash grab unity game. using unity, it's really easy to develop a game like this, but it shows when the "developer" doesn't know about game design. the game is boring, repetitive, and worst of all: constantly asking you for money by either video ads or in app purchases, for things that should be free. bad game mechanics, wants your money, installing is not worth it.
juicy gaming : the graphics are cute controls got the sniff. but three stars because the controls are chunky and tap the side for a second longer and your cars going to start drifting. please fix this. i gave it three stars because i like the gane very much.
pecodepiso : like the game and the style of the game. but there's a bug where the mission cannot be completed. like in my case, the mission is to drift for 5 seconds but i drift like for 20 second but the game said it was only 3.2 seconds. pls fix this
mavis aboagyewaa ayeh : i would have given this game a total straight-out five star rating but it keeps on returning to home screen when i open it just at the final stage of loading. i sent it to another phone and its working but it did the the same thing and later worked so i think its a thing with the game please give me some feedback on what to do cause i really love it
p c : what a great game. performance on mid range devices is awesome, graphics look great and is super addictive. also love the small little touches such as throwing the donut at the police, adding bodykits to the car and lines of dialogue make the game even better.
aditya sugandhi : this is actually a quite relaxing driving game experience with decent gameplay and unique commentary that keep things interesting for a while! and i absolutely dig the style and graphics too, kudos to the devs for making tis excellent game! if you could add a little bit more variety to the commentary and gameplay, than it would be perfect!
mira valdez : a great offline game when you're bored. loved the voice acting and the graphics. the bgm fits the aesthetic as well. the animation is very smooth and the ads don't bother you that much. one of the best driving games i've played so far.
darkray8000 : extremely fun game to play. the art and graphics are beautiful and the gameplay is very smooth. it's fun and enjoyable to explore the maps and drive the cars considering purchasing the removal of ads if the price was to go down a pound. (3.49 is a bit too much)
mistwraith : game is fun. controls are a bit sensitive to start with, but i did notice the sensitivity slider in the settings. made the game way smoother. i give it 4 out of 5 because of the pay to win. cars are just too expensive.
m chadwick : it's a really fun game and nice to have on your phone to kill some time. the only reason it has 3 instead of 4 stars is because i am stuck at lvl 12 and it hasn't moved for days of playing so there is that bug. in addition it would be nice to have a larger 'practice area' but as is even with the bug it is a great game.
owen shipp : left and right steering buttons. press both to brake. icons warn you of parking lots to slown for so you can drift through a drive through collecting gas. repairs. mystery upgrades and donuts to throw at cops to distract them. fun dialog. the game is good. if you like music tiles. or subway surfer. you might like this one too.
tejas singh : this game is amazing!! literally every aspect of it is perfect- the controls, cars, boosters. and the music and vocal commentary is pretty great too! there's quite a bit of diversity where the zones/areas you can drive in is concerned, and i loved that too!!
winston blue : great gameplay, beautiful visual style and audio, just got everything a mobile game gotta have. bought the no ad version in my first gameplay, feels nice to support people making good games. i would like to be able to change cars more detailed visually like rims etc. also a better icon for the game wouldnt hurt.
axel caron : so far the best game i ever installed on my phone. cool graphics, easy to understand, loads of things to unlock. difficulty doesn't just go from so easy it's boring to impossible, it stays possible while giving you a challenge. pretty good game basically
raunak : i payed for the "unlock all perk" and i'm very glad i did, very addictive game and not in a bad way, better than almost all endless runners out there but this ain't an endless runner in the traditional sense. if you like driving and 70s driving movies this is the game for you. not to mention how beautiful this game looks.
brictius sancti : epic little game will keep u smiling when u are offline. awesome graphics. awesome controls. drive to unlock your favorites among a huge selection of iconics cars from the 60's, 70's, 80's and 90's, on easy or hard roads of england, france, germany, thailand, japan or mars and more. must have 5 stars game.
frank adele : a very nice game with a great concept but the controls are really whack! very whack! i advice the developers to maybe use tilt controls to make it easier for users because the steering controls don't cut it at all!!!
charles biddle : originally a one star. now the game is probably one of the best driving games i've played in the app store. below is my original complaint. i have a galaxy s8 and the game just flat out won't load up. i want to try. it looks like a blast but i can't even get to a start menu or anything.
peanut butter hulk : i was playing for a day or 2 at school super fun. got home and turned up the volume to hear the worst voice lines and sound effects. it could be better without all those dumb things the driver says. it has good physics's and it's fun to learn but that's just so cringe lol
headcase gaming : this game has charm out the wazoo. usually i'm not a big fan of endless runner games, but this one is an exception. all the cars are classics, and the unique logos for each car are perfectly stylish. the devs obviously put a lot of love into it, and that's something you don't see all the time.
h utusan tuhan : for such an endless runner game, this is one of the most impressive mobile game i've ever played. although, some casual and competitive games are on the hype on this platform, i can tell you this is a game that can stands on it's own genre, without making the game feel repetitive, this is the best example of what an indie game on mobile should be. overall this is a very worth to play game.
remodox : actually quite fun. passes the time really well, the drive "button" takes time getting used to, it has an interesting way of "kind of" keep you playing since it's a bigger button than the "main menu" button, i always mistakenly press it all the time, thus i'm back in the game again lol all in all though quite a fun game, ohh and practice makes perfect. trust.
brian stephan : this game is awesome. i'm having issues purchasing the unlock all cars and tracks. nothing happens when i tap the price button. i would like to purchase the unlock all cars and tracks.
cmdr lekroil : the gameplay is cool , i liked that. i had a lot of fun playing it! so much cars , level of coolness. but most importantly , the voice of the driver. he speaks about everything. police , new level , close calls and many other things thank you developer for such a good game!
penpen vader : the experience and the idea was good, but i didn't really enjoy the game that much because the controls were not good. i already experimented with different sensitivity settings but the controls were still bad. hope they fix this soon.
thomas k : the graphics are nice. the concept looks interesting. the controls are nit really good. i haven't used a car in real life that was behaving like that. i think you should be able to use brake more.
shakeel thomas : it is a fun game, but everytime i am skimming through the cars collection is popping up over and over, it is annoying. the ads are annoying as heck, popping up after each run, and when you want to revive there isn't any.
onkar nirmale : gorgeous graphic design and graphics... scenamatic view gives an immersive feel. controls could be refined along with some more involving missions or tasks in the gameplay. vehicle visual upgrades and powerups would be a nice feature to have.
astro penguin : this is a well made game. super fun, easy to learn and it is an arcade style game (it goes on forever). i like how there is a zen mode. zen mode is... 1) no fuel 2) no cops 3) less traffic. i like the regular mode more but it's a good feature. this is a really well built game.
jako : great game, fairly simple controls, lovely graphics, the voice lines are funny, takes a little while to get used to the controls but it's still not that hard. if i could give it 10 stars i would.
nigel yong : the game controls are all squishy, that's the best word i can find. its not an easy game to pick up for me. you steer left and it over steers to the left. i prefer game controls that are crisper and don't respond like an ogre mashing buttons.
the best : i love the physics of the game.. it almost feels realistic but in an authenic arcade game way.. i just wish they had a specific button for brakes instead of tapping both sides of the screen.. that would improve the game play a lot..
kristijan koprivnjak : stellar game, a lot of work went into it and it shows, just one recommendation, draw distance is very short, it would be great if you could give us the option to increase the draw distance to view more of the gorgeous map
philip benz : i'm not good at this. if i were a little younger i think i could. i can barely pass the 2 min mark and then i crash. but i'm persistent because i like the game. it has an 80's vibe to it and it's worth keeping. if you could slow it down a notch in the first rounds that would be awesome.
conner sheckells : it's a relitivly simple game and it's a really good time killer. one thing i think could use some improvement is the car selection menu. maybe have a way to look through a list.nither than that i really like the game.
sorrowlord78 : i think the graphics are awesome, the game it's self is nice and fresh, the narrative is entertaining. there is something that would make it five stars for me though would you consider making tilt controls. keep up the excellent work.
sapna sahi : i just cut the one star for the dissatisfaction from the zen mode . pls do something so that we can restart just after getting crashed and not need to restart the whole drive and that crash menu dose t appears. if we leave that it's probably the best or second best leisure game i have played . great work guys
faris f.i frs : great ! the graphics are good, the controls are smooth, the music is cool, the designing is dope, and the best thing is : you can play it offline. (even though there would probably a bug happens to you)
kendrick louis soto : i really like the graphics and since i like turtles can you pls add turtles and also if there is no deep car customization like design the seats add the decals in your way change the steering wheel the calpires and also if there are body kits on the cars that would be very nice and also for your starter money i would like 1000$ that would be great and if all the bugs were gone i would ultimately appreciate that and thank you for reading this recommendation of the game thank you once again.
discovering soul : it is really fun to play as it helps me to chill while driving one of the oldest cars in history. it is really nice to drive a classic car in different locations and to enjoy it so much. keep up the good work and add more classics. i would have given you five but photo mode is a bit laggy so that is why.
amir adhamy : great little game. metrics and rewards are a bit off though, gonna take forever to unlock all the cars and there are only six tracks anyway. too many cars, not enough tracks or unique features.
aditya kumar : bro who the hell has made the controls. man they are disgusting. no one can play it properly with that kind of controls. graphics are amazing. all about the game is awesome except the controls. please fix it man...
big noob : trying to find a specific car in this game is hell the numbers are all over the place and don't make sense and whenever you switch too many times between the cars it sends you to the collect tab with all the car keys i suggest you remove this feature all together and add a feature where if you click on the car name in the collect tab you get directly sent to the car itself.
coffee soup : the game is great it runs smooth but if only the level up system did not just give you vans. also every so often there will be a part when the game skips a frame and i end up dying sometimes. overall great timer killer
jl p : the dev's broke the game, the controls are way to lose i paid for the no ads. now it's back to saying" pay to remove ads" also ignores my email. that send before about me being in china and having to use a vpn to play this game with out ads. when in china i have days that i can't use a vpn, i ask if there is a way to fix it but no reply for 2 months now.
angelos stavropoulos : amazing. i had so much fun and although the game is simple it gets so hard after a while. i like the missions and that the game has soo many cars and the option to upgrade them. it is simple but awesome 100/10
jan loven del rosario : this game is great! my statement on july 2019. now, its 2020 so many things have been added! im really glad of the new updates ever since i stopped playing this. it still has the same energy as it did before. the fun, memories, the grinding of cola coins. it really resonates with me, looking forward to the next updates!
guus lammertink : an amazingly fun gaming experience on mobile. the driving feels good, the drifting is incredibly fun and addictive, and there's enough content to keep you engaged. the references to car- and pop culture in the naming and customization of the cars is the cherry on this pie!
nic q : pretty darn cool infinite racer, cbeers ! not too steep a learning curve, not abusive in ad placement, plus option to view ads for in-game ressources is decently balanced. keep up the good work, cheers ! oh, tilt based controls would be nice...
duck lord : one of the best games ive ever played! love the mechanics and the lovely, aesthetic graphics. only a few small bugs that tbh don't even hinder the gameplay much. keep it up devs! keep adding maps and cars and it will be a classic.
john carlo sarmiento : i love the game because this is not the other driving games that exploring the road to collect coins , beating the high s ores and repeatetive gameplay with no progress the game offers you a simple yet better graphics the gameplay is not boring there's a lot of exploring stuff happening in the game .the design of the game is superb spechless it's like the game back in my childhood when the cars have sharp edge formed like a paper car haha idunno what to say just download the game and enjoy
alwin baiju : i love how the graphics is there is a wide variety of cars i suggest the developers just one thing never add other cars just add the vintage ones. the graphics are the best i love how the game is designed and how the cars and maps are displayed the colour combination on the display is classic and i love it.. want the developers to create more games
epyon akashiya : a great endless driving game i have played. the grinding of caps are not hard because there is a location that can grind for it. the musics on each countries are really fitted. my suggestion is when there is a chase make sure there is damage received by player car if the cop hits the player car (when it forgets to get doughnut).
that kyler : awsome. very fun and addicting game, it looks great with beautiful maps and lots of cars! the only thing i would suggest is give more coins after each run. it does take a while to get lots of coins.
zack metcalf : as a general rule, i don't like mobile games, because they are always garbage (except temple run). but this game is great. it's simple, casual fun. it controls well, it runs smoothly, and the art style is wonderful. the only negative reviews here are about the ads. which is how the devs get paid. if ads bother you, you can pay $3.50 do get rid of them, or just turn your wifi and data off. quit review bombing because you're too cheap too support the developers. they made a great game.
nintendo4dudes : one of my favorite games i have ever played on my phone! the grafics, the gameplay its just so amazing! i really suggest that you get this game. but it would be nice of tou could add designs to your car like flames or maybe paint splat or what ever you guys at 111% think would bee best to add. but keep up the food work and keep those updates coming.
dragoon 223 : this has got to be the best mobile racing game so far. great graphics, good controls wide variety of cars based off of real ones, all and all i give it 4.5 stars. here's a suggestion, can you pls add something similar to the ford falcon interceptor from mad max. thank you.
dwaipayan vidyanta : my experience with the app was wonderful. although i would love to see the transition between day and night and also weather changes. hope you guys would make a racing game with similar graphics
teo stavridis : simply the best mobile driving game. a variety of cars you can use by collecting caps, so reminiscent of when i was a kid and collected caps. from design to physics 5/5! plus i loved the detail of the tilting menu.
gl1tch : who's behind this game ? i'm amazed... this is phenomenal! the art style is crazy, the ui is really good, the phone movement affecting the ui is over the top! wow... i genuinely wanna know who's behind the game and how it was created, i wanna learn coding and make a game in the future and wow this upped my standards for a mobile game, please, is there any way to see what's behind the scenes ? thank you for creating such an amazing game.
lukasz wrzeszczynski-siuda : it has great potential and amazing aesthetics, but the controls feel a little bit weird and the braking system is straight awful. i'm waiting for the updates though!
raiza augusto : it's a good game, the graphics are nice and i would rate it 9/10 however, i hope they'll add steering wheel in steering controls. the existing controls are kinda hard to use.
szymon gorgon : it is a really simple game but it manages to pull you into it because of how fun it it. i have never seen a game so simple yet so creative. i recommend this game to people who like driving games with a bit of challenge. the devs of this game are one in thier kind (amazing).
josh smith : i think this is a hidden gem in progress. i've been playing for a while and have unlocked a few cars.. it needs more content like a drift mode or something you can earn more caps with. and what the other guy said add some motorbikes... could make a wicked game. keep up the good work
a google user : absolutely stunning really enjoyable and one of it's kind. the gameplay is dope and visually very satisfying to look at still could use a little tweaking here and there but apart from that i'd say it's a must play title!
ahmed ali : #drive is a beautiful game. lovely game, lovely graphics, lovely handling everything's great except for one thing and that is that we can't play the game while listening to music on spotify. whenever i turn off sound on the game and listen to music, the music turns off as soon as we start playing the game. i would really love to listen to music while i'm playing the game. i wish if it had the same. and that is the only problem i have with this game.
delraj kaur : this is a sparkling game however there aren't many options to choose from such as different vechicles interior angles. the game does not have flexibility because there is not cocked view of many players which is intensely upsetting for new and upcoming players in the game. when i played the game the vechicles play up too much that i begin to get bad migraines in my head. the game should be redeveloped from ground-down again. the fresh update would bring a lot of surprise to all people's......
mayank pandey : why do i see ads even after paying to get rid of them. i want to rate it 5 stars because its a great app and keeps me occupied. i was happy to pay for it as a thank you to developers and had no ads, until the recent update where i started seeing them again. its a testament to how much i enjoy the app that i am still giving it 2 stars. please fix this bug.
somesh : the perfect game , most apt for the size . graphics are next level , with smooth gameplay , even for crude phones . the controls are damn , with nice themes and some motion sensors to give a finishing touch . a must have app for lads who love arcade racing ( ppl who like fast paced action racing can choose asphalt or need for speed ) . overall , this is one of my , ...... if not , the best racing game i have on my device . pixel perfect dude has achieved what many companies dream to .
edin v : too hard to steer. packed with long ads. annoying. i found that i had an easier time learning to drive a real car than to drive this drive thing. a gas station pops up, and you can only kind of fit inside, but more likely you'll crash. this is what i call a pretentious game.
ian deaton : great game for he ads get in the way a little but you can just turn off internet if the get in the way too much. other than that the controls are a little weird and the camera angles could be better but other than that it's pretty great.
mike bardell : pretty simple game. takes a bit too long to move on to different levels without paying, though. i'm starting to lose interest before even unlocking the second level
tistan 01 : this game isn't really good. you see, the graphics in the pictures, good...but in game was just pixels. it looked like it was 32 bit. the controls were unresponsive, the gas station and other turns are impossible, and grinding is pain.complete pain.
dane sorensen : i've really enjoyed this game. my goal was to get a hover conversion delorean (hoverion?), but now i have it, it's terribly bugged. it behaves fine in the learner park, but on tracks, it will fail to steer after a drift. railroading you into obstacles.
christopher niewiadomski : why are you forcing 30 second ads when there are such things as banners?? ffs, display the goddamn banner at the top of the screen, done. now i uninstalled the game, because i have much better things to do than watch freakig ads. even if the game is good and it's worth purchasing ad removal, i won't know, because after playing for like 2 minutes, ad popped up and made me uninstall - i want to play a game after installing a game, is it hard to understand?
ranger : it's really good but it would be a great if u could set the camera angle a bit lower & closer to the car, i think that would give the player a more immersed experience! all in all, it's a cool game
ajin p jseph : i bought all the cars and unlocked all maps before they revamped the entire ui and now when i come back to this game after a long time i feel like the controls are not as good as it used to be and the the car turns too much despite lowering sensitivity.
huzefa : like playing the game a nice mini touring game, deserves five stars, gave two only for two reasons, one is that there is no roadside stop possible for rest and second the developer has coded the brakes to overheat in less than a second. if not for these two resins i would give it a five.
aaron ainscow : it's a good game but pisses me off that you can crash into walls go over bumps but if you hit a car your car blows up needs fixing or be able to upgrade your cars damage and the game would be better if it had a break because when there is 2 car coming there no way you get past
afendi mohd nor : nice game, nice graphics, nice storyline and nice narrator..the only thing is the control of the car. it gets really hard to control and with that, user will simply uniantall this game after maybe 5th or 6th time trying..
model3113 : ads are too frequent. 30 second unskippable video for about 20 seconds of gameplay. the actual game is just a grind with nothing original worth sticking around for. graphics are nice, but that's about it.
coffeine ssound : looks much better, at the screenshots, nothing special at all. make the car more resistant, to the crashes. make more smooth the effects of ashes and other think, make normal brake. game needs work on it. this type of game try to be original, but needs more work. graphics 8.5/10 gameplay 5/10
disint - official : love playing this and listening to some 808. keep adding cars and maps and stuff! i only just got it and i have a ton of stuff to unlock, but the more the better! maybe we can have an option to add stickers and stuff to cars manually at some point!
thanos kitsakis : one of the best mobile racing games there is! beautiful graphics, satisfying gameplay, an overall great experience. i wish the paid version was a bit cheaper, though.
sadra rezaee : hands down one of the best mobile games out there. artstyle is unique and beautiful, lots of locations and cars to travel to/with, and just so much fun and satisfying to drift through the beautiful environments the devs have created!
muhammad yousuf : 3 stars because i dont get the point of this game. vontrols are funky. seriously, no tilt controls? also there is no option to lower the volume of the music without turning it off completely. its eitger turn it off or have it on and have ot drown out all the sound from the cars.otger wise a really good looking game. and i can see its appeal.but its not for me
tim karabet : i love the creativity. the names and logos of the cars are great. the only things that need improvement are maybe some more maps, and the objectives for each level need to be visible when you pause.
gerald lepage : great arcade driving game with retro-ish flat poly shaded style. easy to collect coins, not overly annoying obstacles, and a good amount of humor laced in makes this one of the better mobile games i've played recently. donate to the devs if you can, they did a great job on this game.
kevin d : a lot of variety integrated into the gameplay. on the next version i would add a view like most racers use, just above the car-just behind it. i would reduce drift reqs because it gets tedious.
daniel furster : not many games get me back after the first try. this one did! pretty fun and addictive so far. i like that the ads are not over the top. the presentation of this game is above average. great graphics style.
jesus christ : look the game is really really good. has a bit of comedy to it. but the cars drive like an out of control riding lawnmower and thats being generous. idk. backwards 5 stars. maybe. tilt controls would have been a plus and dashboard visuals.
dave kasuma : it was a simple game but was very entertaining, i really enjoyed it. the developers are also very active updating the game and adding new maps. it was very addicting. played it for hours and hours losing track of time. very fun recommend it.
craig olson : the game has a few quirks, but are easy to overcome. i wish that there was a way to better understand some of the mechanics. for example, i had no idea you could customize a vehicle. but aside from these quirks, the game is fun and addicting and i can't get enough of it!
oz oz : repetitive...and ads that last for 30 seconds, after each new start...no thank you!!! the attraction to install the game was the graphics and the way the game works which is my taste. but uninstalling now after all that.
yavor rashev : man this became an instant classic for me the moment i started playing. the developers relly put their hearts into this one. love the vibes and the engine. even brought back childhood memories as some of the old cars can sometimes be spotted around my city today and we used to own the "wego" from the game back in the 90s.
john doe : simple but time consuming game. graphics and cars are unique and well done. possibly add new bonus features like funky graphics and add ons for cars, and a few more tunes to the game. thanks!
jocknines : pretty good game so far, the damage bar doesn't make a great deal of sense at the moment as you can only crash once per life and it's a bit grindy to unlock new vehicles but i can see myself spending a lot of time on this
brian ernst : google play connecting is bugged, looks like infinite loading and like it's stuck. no other new game during the same session had a problem with google play, only this app. i worked my around the issue by continuing to hit back while google play was up. this app really should fix it's google play integration, every other app is auto login and flawless, this is buggy af for some reason.
helo : good game. good graphics but i suggest that you could add more urban maps similar like the japan map. also, i also think that future maps could have a expressway linking towns. or a map that has rain effects. just some ideas.
travis koon : it was recommended to me through reddit, i've never experienced a more ad plagued game. if i could've even tried it for a few minutes and enjoyed it to want to pay the money to "remove" ads i would've given it a chance.
pickle green : this game is very difficult i think of you made the driving speed slower than it would be better. it is very hard to turn and all the turns you have to do on the road are to tight. i think if you made the roads thicker it would be way easier. this game is very difficult however the graphics are lovely it appears to be very friendly.
6-thu hao : good game bc is like high quality and some stuff
rip this account : the visuals are beautiful. controls are interesting but aren't difficult at all. it sucks that you get a game over after bumping into a fence or the back of the car, though. all in all, this game is fantastic.
etheria galaxia : downloaded the game and bought the 4.99 pack to remove ads and give currency. that was fine until i opened the game again to find that all my purchased currency was gone, the game was still ad free though. very disappointed and was looking forward to purchasing some vehicles.
alexander russell : really good game, both entertaining and good to look at. i absolutely love the cars chosen, as they're not the obvious same-old classic exotics but more common cars that most people can remember. top-notch game.
david : the graphics are decent . the car wrecks out to easy . but what makes this game one star game is the controls . this game with "tilt steering" !! might be fun. there is so much over stear it is almost impossible to drive . once you turn a little bit, good luck ! getting the car to go straight is just not going to happen !
avery spencer : i played when it very first came out and hated it. now, frickin great. if you find the steering hard pause it and adjust the sensitivity to your liking. i even paid to remove ads i enjoy it so much now.
m : a control layout where you have steering on both sides of the screen while having the option to place a dedicated brake button where ever you like would be nice. also the option to play my own music would be appreciated
thew t : while it can feel a little repetitive since it is just driving, it still is fun. it feels nice to turn and the graphics are quite appealing. it has a very nice style that i quite enjoy. i would recommend this and can honestly say that i have enjoyed playing so far.
rob bob : pretty fun and great game to pass time *pro tip adjust the sensitivity down when u first start playing unless ur good with it. spent a couple bucks for some coins right off the bat! bought what looks like the mustang and a map. not bad fella's, pls bring more maps to drive in the future
chris deacon : super fun endless type game. tons of different cars to choose from, great voice overs and an interesting art style. controls are a little difficult but once you get used to them they make for some fun driving.
pranav trivedi : it automatically assumes that i have a gamepad somehow. i can't control the car at all, no taps on the screen or moving the phone controls the car, and i can't change it from the main menu as well. major bug! (poco x2)
kai koski : great game, intuitive controls, and the graphics aren't half bad. i love it! the close button in the upgrade conformation screen could be a bit more obvios though.
anthony garmont : i want to like this game... but the controls are way too hard. the lack of real brakes makes the gameplay frustrating. if the controls were more like a touchpad where moving your finger side to side steers the car... that would be much better. kinda sucks the way it is now.
brian von seggern : annoying 30-second ad forc ed periodically but other than that it's fairly fun. not much for a plot or change of pace other than driving down a single route but the graphics are good and it's free so i can't complain too much
proud infidel : basic game that has sweet cell shading graphics. not into the run type games but i do enjoy this game especially when you can do a little drifting and watch that dust fly. simple controls. not much to it but making sure you don't get too crazy in traffic. great time killer.
daniel bogeholz : quite fun and very enjoyable. earning any of the currencies such as postcards to get more levels is quite grindy and somewhat difficult but besides that its a very solid game. graphics are incredibly good and surprise me every time i fire up this game, massive thumbs up for that. controls are amazingly fluid and easy to use making this game such a pleasure to play.
yolo sutirtho : its nice..i loved it but i didnt gave 5 stars because after playing for a while it gets boring. now the reason why it gets boring is 1) there are no challenges, 2) there should be an option of police chase where police will chase the thieves 3) the controls are really hard to control. other than that i loved it
typical fish : the controls are absolute trash. not just because your controls are original doesn't mean it's good. it's so hard to control and very slidy; another thing it's very laggy. the first time i opened the game it crashed already and when i finally entered the game it's so laggy and the buttons wouldn't even work so please update the game fix thw bugs and the whole entire game
renz quindala : hmm. the braking thing is kinda worthless touching both sides and not being able to steer. also making a pitstop is very hard because it has only one speed. but the graphics are great, and the voice acting too.
drpumpkin : its fun and i i haven't come across any bugs so far. the cars are nice but i wish there were more veichle upgrades such as spoilers and wheels. other than that the driving is fun and easy to get used to.
fam solorzano : very fun game. easy to just play a few minutes at a time. only time you have ads is when you want to revive after a crash or get bonus coins after youre done. you xan actually play without ever seeing an ad!!!
mr rjb : this game is just phenomenal, the graphics are awesome for a mobile game, and the gameplay is really smooth, i'm playing on a low-end phone and it's still running at a smooth 60fps. the controls are a little hard but they're easy to get used to.
jf designers : greatest endless runner i've ever played, great graphics, runs smoothly, response controls, challenging gameplay and greatest of all, no p2w features, every singels car, map etc, in the game is unloackable bh playing the,rewarding you for skil, no for how much you spwnt on it. also great music and voice acting.
tomek styn : it's art style is very unique. i like the overall experience. it's responsive but drifting may be a little counter-intuitive... no way to counter-steer during a drift.
makan : at start its slow on speed but if you upgrade your ride its get fun. upgrades, very promising. good driving, very funny and happy. but i get board. whole vibe, fun and easy to play good looking loop, but not for more than 10 minutes or so.
shibacki : this game is phenomenal. so much effort with maybe 1 ad (that's skippable) every 5-10 minutes. there's so much effort, and everything works so well, and the art is so pretty. it's just amazing. easily top 3 mobile games. this game really gives me a new hope for mobile games.
brandon sweat : beautiful and iconic but just empty and repetitive. i had sunk quite a bit of time, bought 4 cars, and beat all of the only 3 maps. just not worth investing time in right now, hopefully more content comes later.
cortnie h. : it's a fun game, my only issue is that i'm now at level 12, and to level up i need to drive the boogie van, which i can only unlock at level 15, which is now impossible. i can't level up because i physically cannot get the car i need to level up. if it gets fixed i'll change my review to a 5 star.
eriel plazo : it's good for an game, the graphics, the controls and the designs are also good. however, there's no tutorial about the buffs you can obtain so i have no idea on what buff i'm obtaining
nelson omekke : great graphics, gameplay.. but regarding the control... cars are steered not button controlled... so please add a steering/tilting control option. and it would be good for the player to be in control speed acceleration and cam view. do these and you'l pull a large crowd of gamers. thanks in advance
asap_alex3 punay : this game is class and most of the time keeping things simple shows how good a game can be and this is a perfect example: has nice controls, graphics are good and what i could say to improve is maybe due to the type of terrain is maybe change the grip of the vehicle.
riley brannan : very smooth and simple, but incredibly addicting and fun! i've really enjoyed it so far. the only thing i'd like to see would maybe be some way to chase other players as the cop and try to spin them out before they reach a certain distance
aidan schreiner : i've only played for about 3 hours or so total thus far but ive enjoyed it so far. new cars are kind of pricey so there is a grind but nothing is unattainable. as far as these sorts of games go its really well done and a lot of fun!
jose zero vallejo : the only game i enjoy from time to time, controls are ok. you can "drift" to an extent but not really without crashing on to another car or wall as theres more and more cars the further you go and the road doesnt really allow you to drift for long periods of times unlike japans road even that has the cars. could be improved to a better game but overall great game
ricardo maciel : played for 5 minutes. about half of that was watching unskippable ads. also the controls are not the best. having to press both left and right to brake was not working well for me most of the time.
jason : enjoyable game. simple concept, executed well. controls are easy to pick up, and the art style is charming. ads are removable for a reasonable price. bravo.
wayne smail : beautifully simple, mindlessly enjoyable. a definite must-have on your phone. the controls are great, it's super addictive, and has a fantastic range of cars to collect.
shawn dackonish : very few advertisements to deal with. a variety of simple vehicles to attain. the environments are different and fun to experience. simple mechanics, except drifting is tricky.
pussymaster mpampinos : the game is simple, yet entertaining which is something that a lot of games miss these days. i think you should add a free roam mode, but im not sure if that works with the games current gameplay and mechanics
shan n.s. : this is a very good game: controls are amazing, cars actually look decent but a bit hard to get a lot of caps quickly, so you have to grind a bit more than normal, but thats fine. main problem tho: ad every 3 games if wifi or data useable by app
xavier lum : the graphic is appealing and fun to play. i hope the game has the option to allow me to revert my car's modification, cause some cars are simply too fast and crash easily.
katleho moroeng : please include an option where i can still have subtitles on my screen without the guy talking and please include new countries. other than that the game is perfect, enjoyable, continue to come up with new ways to make it better. thank you
fletch hasues : well produced game that is a good single player time passer. the screen controls are what make the game difficult. a large variety of vehicles to use that mimic automobiles of old.
kaarthik rm : cool game. but controls can be a toned down a lot. tries to bridge an endless runner and a car game to one. better control physics required. i only played a few minutes, but that was enough for me to say this about this game
spectre uv : it's a fun game and a great time killed but i think you should add more cars and have customization options instead of just changing the color... overall it's is a fun game.
fhs : great game. i know others have said they'd want a tutorial, but i disagree - i don't mind experimenting. gameplay is challenging, but fun, and ads are reasonable and non-intrusive.
jack gulledge : it's been good so far so i like it *edit* i've thought about the steering and i thought it would be cool to add the steering where the car turns with the device so i would love for the developers to think about this in a future update thank you and please take this into some major consideration
sabik. rahman : i don't know why other people gave it such good reviews, but it's the worst ever driving game to me.everytime i start playing, the speed of the car increases gradually and never reduces.it keeps on increasing(even with slow vehicles).and each time i brake, the brake works for once and i can never break twice without refueling.what the hell is this!!!the quests(especially of drifting) are so difficult and boring that i'm now forced to uninstall this bulls**t.it's nothing but a fresh piece of s**t
sabbir hossain : the overall graphics is good, but the concept of braking sucks. it should have the feature to upgrade you're brake so that you can brake frequently if not, longer. besides the control gets difficult when you use speedy car, even though they are the costly, this concept is totally suck.
adil khadir : good game, lots of cars, fun levels. could use more levels though. also needs a countdown to resume after pausing the game. graphics are great but the draw distance in some levels is distractingly short.
ken m : found your game on twitter on the first day of release! i love it! even though i actually never play any car/racing games at all. already unlocked all maps and all cars i wanted, so waiting for more content, while enjoying the game. oh, also happy with a new price, instantly removed ads :)
anthony morabith : after the update with the controls tweaked and the breaks added, i changed my review to a more glowing response. i didn't crash as much, really had a lot of fun. selfishly wished some of these cars still existed haha.
darsh thakkar : very good game. there's a lot of cars and i like the new multiplayer update and upgrade car feature . the new event car is very cool must try this game . i have been playing this game since 2019 .tip:- high grip cars are best for covering long distances . must try .
mihir gupta : right now there's a bug, of you go simply "next , next next" everything works fine but if you go " back" from location screen to vehicle screen it gets stuck there i.e it won't further go next or back again. have to close and restart the app. please look into it. much love
scrubby puffer : i was not expecting this game to be so enjoyable. the graphics are quite appealing (neither too real and neither too basic). i enjoy that you can collect different vehicles and different maps. overall it's a good mobile game.
kye i love big batteryzzz : nice, just nice. i do have one complaint, but its not the devs fault. i use a galaxy and have the hard press home button feature on, so whenever i get too excited i acidentaly go home and crass into a wall lol. but its a solid game. 9/10would recomend. wish they added more ways to customize cars visualy!
tharvindh nair : it's a really great game. it gives the vintage gangster feeling. i would have given 5 stars but the controls is a bit messsed up. other than that the game is really awesome. hopefully to see some improvement in the next update
mr waseem malik : not recommended who are looking for entertainment here why device : realme android v 10 issues: 1. car is running in an auto speed and even if you break it stop or doesn't stop 2. sensitivity is failed you can't turn car left or right in an appropriate way 3. car is running out of control ..
muhamad muzzamil : this is game is super fun but super buggy. there was one time in which the audio and the gameplay doesn't sync as if the audio is in slow-motion. the special model switch part after maxing coolness doesn't show up.
champions gaming : best game but i would like if we could customise cars by adding bumpers , tires, flags , silensers , spoilers, etc (2) i would like strips of tires on sandy roads , snow etc (3) in my mobile i could easily take pictures of car and the scenery but in my friend mobile it just shows grey and there is nothing otherwise the 3d baground and the physics are dang asowme best unlimited fun game i was looking for these type of games and i found it highly recommend game
will ratcliff : awesome! for a racing app, it's pretty fun. not much in the way of bugs, and adds aren't too obtrusive. seems pretty balanced and very expensive car lists. i like it!
asher girton : best mobile game i've played in a long time. ads are also not bogging up anything. you're able to play with absolutely no ads bothering and you can choose to watch them to revive, get extra currency, and support the developers
hayato kaichou : i like the graphics and the controller is easy but the issue are can you add some great cars... i played these game in 3 months and i notice some of the cars are old school... just my opininon dont take it seriously... i really like to drift in racing games and this game is really what i wanted can you add mustang,bmw,toyota and maclarren just my request hehe
maddox king : great game to pass time. it isn't overly complicated so you don't need to get engrossed into the game to do well. it feels very nice and fluent to play. it is very rewarding to get new cars and maps. highly recommend to people who like cars and car physics.
deepesh gupta : i really love the graphics. just polish the car a bit in the environment. because it's odd to see a plan player car in la mirabelle and other cars reflecting the yellow fog. i will give it 5 stars coz it diservers it.
mohammad amin hamednia : nice game... but keep working on it,it can be better too much! bring some other modes like a little open map to drag or race with other cars,let cups car to follow some racers during the drive(when we aee the cup),make it online,and bring some tuning kits(like smoke,or backe fire...) thanks a lot
sebastian r. stadler : so far it's amazingly fun to play! controls not like a real racing game but more arcade style but i love the graphics and the names for the cars. good game to pass some time.
pranab ranjanmandal : great game for time passing, but some bugs or glitches are there. such as, drift timing error. and please add some more voices and subtitles with local accent and language for each maps. please add a map of indian city mumbai or kolkata!
jared barowitz : i get that the controls are a bit weird, but once you get used to it, they are fine. you only need to steer in two directions, left or right, so tapping the appropriate side of the screen works for me. i have had fun with the game. i like collecting the cars and seeing how far i can get.
iyinoluwa akinsuyi : absolutely love this game. it's the perfect game for me to pass time and still enjoy it. i love all the attentyto detail and most especially the photo mode... i'd definitely recommend it even if you're not a car person.
mrtimmsy1986 : it was fun for a few hours, but it's all way too long winded and you have to pay for most of the stuff and way too repetitive! good graphics and polished game so will give it 3 stars as not totally rubbish game.
aggressive driver : while this is good and enjoyable driving game, motion blur effect is not something i expected to be, it just frames overlapping each other which is not only causes bad performance it also makes you feel like you're playing as a drunk driver. i still would like to see motion blur in this game, just not this one.
daniel folkins : ads don't play after every crash, but there are quite a few. graphics and gameplay is good, power ups and wide variety of cars keep the game interesting.
summerizemlee noobest : a very fun driving game. awesome looking art style, and it got some really cool background music too. also, the voice lines made the ride a bit more fun. this game is a really funky game for smartphones.
han solo : everything feels so well polished, it's quiet an impressive achievement. only the 5 seconds loop samples of "music" are terrible (excellent sound really, but soooooo short tiny little).
trey carpenter : coins/caps need to be worth much more. there are so many cars to unlock and they take forever to even get cheap ones. other than that it's a good looking time killer!
muhammad umar : the game is not working after this latest update. it shows the brake feature and says to double tap, and that's it, it's stuck. not working even after multiple taps.
corey ince : addictively fun. the graphics are cool and artistic. the learning curve is low making it easy to get into and the difficulty ramps at a decent pace. enjoy playing it so far.
leni _ : really enjoyable, one of the best experiences i got from mobile games. getting new cars isn't time consuming and it's not too easy to earn either. the vehicles themselves are very different from each other and maps are quite detailed
anmol mishra : overall a good game to kill time. love the pixelated graphics and some retro vehicle options. one feedback to devs: please please introduce a reotro-wave themed map? the retro vehicle would pair aesthetically well with it.
denver albertyn : good but could use some improvements
jussi riissanen : great game, entertaining as it should be! the only knack for the moment imho is the car selection screen. tedious to browse the cars, even so when the game constantly opens the "car keys board", when using the arrows to browse.
the rel h : i like the style and the mechanics really well made
cold campfire : a quality game by dovelopers who care it's fun with loads of 80s cars and good controls its also realy fun with the drifting but to be honest the brakes just don't work i almost never use them most of the time instead of saving you they will just make you crash but apart from that its amazing
michael jones : absolutely no innovation or new game mechanics from the typical constant drive game. super similar to highway rider basically the same thing except with almost minute long video ads every like 3rd play. game also has a stupid mechanic where it locks a directional, (left or right) on any of the control schemes or device. ive tested it on two different phones the thing litterally will lock a directional for up to a second just to screw you up. trash game and money grab, dont even waste ur time.
gregory barlow : insanely difficult to control. no check points that i could see to help you progress. i don't mind ads and i love driving games but this one blows, just way hard to keep it between the ditches. so instead of spending a little money of support, i will spend a little time to uninstall.
duran crisostomo mario : the video is wonderful, that's why i installed it, but i find difficult to drive in it, control seems to be easier, but i find it a little difficult, the video shows a lot of dift, and playing it is hard to get it it stills s good game
samuel : great graphics, horrible controls; control were way too sensitive.
christian james villanueva : car selection is worst, trying to be aesthetic but it's actually confusing, but this is both gameplay and graphics wise, just fix that selection.
dio tube : its a little bit hard but fun
dillan brooks : only review i made for a mobile game. fun and engaging gameplay, ads are pretty infrequent and aren't annoying, and you don't really need the expensive vehicles to do well. definitely worth a try at least.
anthony aiello : steering controls feel as if the amount you turn suddenly increases after half a second of holding the button. could use some tweaking, but overall it's a pretty good game.
jacob oberg : fun, simple game. no bs, it teaches you how to play and let you have at it. fast pace, you can play over and over. go to settings and look for the drift set up, drifting is useful for getting round and adds a score multiplier. get a lot of duke boys vibes from this game. maybe add some jumps.
grau : it's a decent game, i like the chill concept of the game. i used some of my google play credits to get rid of ads, so the least you could do is fix the bug where my car upgrades disappear.
aaron foster : it's an endless runner (driver i guess) with a lot of variety in both levels and cars. quite easy to get into but also tricky to master as things start to speed up.
mariano sanchez : this is a really good game. the right amount of ads and lots of unlockables.
jasjeet gill : amazing cartoony graphics with great gameplay. but sadly it doesn't open after the new update and crashes frequently and haven't gotten a refund for my in app purchases so it's sad that i can't play and enjoy this great game.
zeorynex : the game is really fun and challenging in longer runs, would be nice if u could optimize the handling and controls i find it wonky sometimes. also add more vehicles & features in the future update.
the debonauzer : i'm playing on oneplus 7 and since the first add popped up, all the sounds in the game are hugely slowdowned (music and sound effects). the overall game seems funny but this sound bug it's frustrating.
ike king : i had played it and was enjoying the game but after the last update, it won't even start anymore. i've uninstalled/reinstalled twice and nothing changed. it crashes immediately after opening. doesn't look like there's an end in site. it's a shame because it was an enjoyable game when it actually worked.
ryland novak : amazing. i absolutely love this game and the design concept behind it. the maps are fun to drive on and the cars all are pretty cool. its fun to see how far you can get and how many caps you can collect!
estevao andre : i loved everything in this game! its graphics and old times theme are amazing. the gameplay is very arcade, but it's reasonable. keep doing the great job you do devs... you have a masterpiece in your hands :)
cai martin : i can be in the app for about 10 seconds before it crashes every time. looks fun and, the tutorial is pretty fun (until it crashed), will give a higer rating if you tell me the problem or fix it yourself. :/
romeo alpha yankee : nice graphics and great selection of cars and maps. but in a long run, it becomes boring. add some other modes.
fast turtle : i like this game , but i dont like the controller, too hard
tdog adkins : great game. i love to drive around endlesley, and the cars and upgrades arent over priced to really fun!
mayank kumar gupta : way too hard. you can't practically control the car. it just keeps madly swerving in and out of lanes. on top of it all, there are not phone tilt controls. you have to use graphical buttons on screen to control the car which is just so absurd. it would have been more fun if the game was a little easier to control.
endersbane : honestly in my opinion it is the best arcade driving game in the store. it has fun gameplay and amazing pixel art for the car. i really hope the developers continue to improve and make their games.
shah zaib : very very nice grapichs and controls the gameplay is amazing but their is a thing that makes this game boring which is that we have to travel on a single road their is only one road please please get a update in which we can change roads while driving and also add old models of beautiful corvette and ferrari
sledho : its pretty decent game, i like the new interface for the car selection and main menu. it gives a nice vibe. the game itself is a bit wonky but you get used to it. overall a good game
alex e : way too many 30+ second ads! i am usually fine with watching an ad to get another life or double your reward, but saying no to watching an ad for a double reward just to get a full 30s ad afterwards anyway is just unacceptable. uninstalled.
benchi : love the game, just am hoping you guys will move towards optional ads rather than forced ads. forced ads have kind of become an instantaneous no-go for me but this game is special. i won't pay for an ad-free experience but i still love the game!
louie tune : it's very easy to play and real graphics and very nice to see the full version download the free version and the best thing to work with a few words of wisdom teeth removed from work and effort to make a difference between what you were a lot to me with a white background and the other was a little while ago but it is not an intended
gabriele caredda : good game overall, only issue is that half of the actual gametime is spent looking for the right car in the awful system that they have designed.. could be made much better very easily.. 3 stars that are more like a 2.5
surakshith sarathi : best game to play during quarantine days. just makes me mad when i realize that the controls are so sensitive, but that's a great challenge for gamers, particularly driving simulator lovers, i hope so.
craig robb : pretty good fun, a bit repetitive but challenging nonetheless. others have commented on the number of adverts and, to be honest, it's little worse than some and better than most. if you don't like advertising you can always pay to have them removed.
daniel : this is a reaaally cool game but the controls are difficult, you got to get used to it. i think with a little practice ill get the hang of it. quite alot of adverts tho, long adverts
an average fern : nice game. obviously the microtransactions are annoying but this game is *free* and they need to make their money somehow.
forsho : there are a lot of endless driving games but this one, this one is different. a really good offline game to play. good graphics, good gameplay, good cars, what else u want from a good game :)
dune nyc : game won't even load. i see the name flash, screen goes black, music plays, never starts. samsung s21 ultra
mojito : good game. i dont like the new braking limit though. it also kept prompting me to rate the game which is why im here. i like that they added the unlock all cars and tracks which they didnt have with the previous version
jochay ben tovim : takes a lot to learn to drive. meanwhile i don't now if the scenery changes and devoleps the further you go because i can't ride for more than 5 min straight. besides the difficulty it's entertaining and has great vibe.
alan simmons : game has smooth controls, nice graphics, and a nice sleek presentation going back to the old american dream days. though it feels a little slippery on the brakes which makes you feel like youre way at the mercy of the game's spawns than you should be.
quintus u-wei : pretty great game. some of the car names are funny. the game is fun overall and nothing is locked behind a paywall(thank goodness). didn't notice any bugs(other than the cars of course. pun unintended).
102 dhruv sirsaikar : this game is awesome!!!!! the graphics are really good. the gameplay is kind of soothing. and i actually love that some achievements are secret. the cars are also really good. overall, this is one of the best car games. i just can't stop playing it!!!!
hypenzoo : i really love this game because there are so many cars to unlock. the controls are also very easy to learn
toonixon14 : honestly a great arcade game in the endless driving genre, gameplay is engaging and fun enough to keep playing, graphics look great and i love the low poly aesthetic. very fun game with a lot of heart and soul put into making it.
samim akter : everything is ok just you need to more optimize
anthony parker : using p20 pro. games looks great but controls are terrible. i place my thumb/finger on the screen and the car slides out immediately, no control of the car whatsoever. the game is unplayable. uninstalled.
diycyberpunk : free version ads aren't overwhelming like other games. good game progression, pretty forgiving hotboxes, and not too bad on battery life. the grind makes sense and is worth it, keeps me coming back for more.
aiman el_ghoul : the game is fun, but i have a small problem. i want to add a category of owned cars because i take time to find the car i want to play with.
l : lots of fun and pcisk you wanting to play more and unlock all the vehicles...... so ..... many..... vehicles
branescu alex : it's a cool game but it would be nice if u update more often the game.u can add more maps like france, italy and more cars.as the game, it s easy to play and have nice graphics. i hope u will update this game and add more features.
nikhil manchanda : good game. on the last map, i believe the poland one, i can't progress many times as there are buildings on the road which the car cannot cross. major design bug imo.
lachezar gorchev : driving is kind of oversteering and feels highly unnatural. the car explodes on a little touch. police just comes and crashes you. the scenes are repetitive. the fog narrows the viewing distance and it looks stupid.
keith david : this game is one the most fun time killers i've played yet, but i would like to say that adding in a button where the car you drive would be selected randomly would be great for those looking to spice things up.
josh miller : good game. just started playing it. only gripe is controls. just wish it was slightly different controls. i switched them in settings and it works, but just not the way i thought.
happynespresso : excelent! the animations are glorious and carefully made. the gameplay is completely enjoyable. the content is filled up till the head, there are so many options. completely perfect on every sense.
noy geu : really good game nice graphics but sometimes and puts a car in the wrong place.
tehue zapp : cool game, i got kinda sad the gameplay is just a one way road tho. if it was open world would be the coolest game ever
eric hedengren : not my favorite driving game. tends to have crappy graphics although the controls are consistent so that's a plus. i got bored of this game 2 minutes in i would not recommend. go check out asphalt 9 instead.
trenchiano : the controls are wack, and the inability to control the car makes the game almost impossible. played for less than 5 minutes and didnt like a second of it.
bennie wazzle : i want to give it 5 stars, the controls are really good since the update before last, and gamepad support makes it better. however after the most recent update the game won't open. it crashes immediately.
team komanga : super, but need updates -make desktop app make online game. -steering can be controlled by tilting the phone. -add tutorial for all 3 steering controls. -add drift tutorial for default steering control. -want a bug fix in the new poland map. -add more levels. -add more login platforms like facebook and twitter. -add the 'save to gallery' option in photo mode. -improve multiplayer mode and play with friends. -improve zen mode to different type camera angles. -portrait orientation. -fpp driving.
my_true_identity : litterarly the best game on the appstore, it competes with console and pc games, that isn't even exagerated. i'd give more stars if i could, every little detail in this game, from funny commentary to cool cars to simple/fun gameplay completes this game.
anmol mittal : i would give it 5 stars if this game had multiple ways to drive. for example add intersecting roads to the game so we can turn in a direction if we want to. other than that i will give it 7 out of 10
vargo paradise : addicted game pls add more cars to improve your game,but the graphic is good also my english is suck lol thanks anyways for the rate
hydrolistic : it's really good and fun car driving and it doesn't force ads down your gamer throat. but you do have the option to use ads to make even faster progress.
tower lachesism : a little grindy for unlocking new locations, but they do feel and look a lot different (i've only unlocked snowplough, but i do appreciate the subtle details and the us and uk driving on opposite sides of the road).
donald davis : greying out the unpurchased vehicles was a bad move. drive is a different game. you dont have to grey out simply because others does it. it would be good if you reverts back. cos, it makes the player admire the beauty and craves him to purchase it asap.
rae rai : i'm the kind of person who reads tos & privacy policies. i download the game and can't even access it. can't start playing without acknowledging the privacy policy, which i won't do. uninstalled immediately. 2 stars cause it looks like a promising game with good design. but that's it.
gangway : not a bad game, looks like its inspired by films from the 60's-80's but you can see the inspiration they put in this game. i would love for a new mode of cops vs criminals car chase with anti-climatic powerups for multiplayer or solo with bots, all in all i can see how well this game shows, i wish there could be classic motorcycles from the 1960's-1970's-1980's. i would love to see a spoof kawasaki z1-r that can be added with the mad max cool custom!
patrick marquette : challenging but easy to learn. lots of cars and tracks to drive on. i paid for no ads which greatly increases the enjoyment and availability to play without annoying ads!
jetro james panday : i love the graphics and effects. the controls are easy. i looking forward for more games with graphics like this please in the future with rpg genre.
stanley stephen abok : i love how simple and minimalistic this game is but im taking out a star because of the lack of driving tracks. other than that it is super awesome and i would definitely recommend this to anyone.
moon moni : really good game. great smooth control. very good graphics and artstyle. low ad. i like that u can skip some fuel stations. overall awesome...i wouldnt change anything abt this game...
oleksandr pohrebniak : one of the best mobile games. visuals and audio are beautiful, gameplay is simple yet challenging, tons of cars, a plentiful of locations. amazing soundtrack on german and japanese locations.
mayukha shamyu nayudu : the controls can initially be a little ticklish. but once you understand the mechanics and master it, the game is pretty fun to play. but over and above all, the game is worth playing, purely for the art. gives you vaporwave feels. nothing better this 2020 than this game right here
richard day : tutorial worked fine. main game wouldn't load. needs work. based on tutorial, the feel of the cars is a little rigid. needs work.
ben lam : the controls are terrible. 04/19 update. tried the new controls, it is still terrible. the hit zone for the buttons are very small so your fingers often shift a few mm and get no controls response.
indarkment : its one of the best games i have played tons of cars from diffrent sections to choose from maps are well made and each map has something new in it a good currency system easy controls and you can even upgrade your cars plus the coolness thing is awsome
mohit mohan mishra : i like the narration part, this game is so smooth with minimalistic requirements. absolutely beautiful game with beautiful controls. to be honest this is my top tier favourite game that exist on mobile platform. and with the new console feature it's just became more great.
subin philip : while the game is good and graphics are kind of awesome, the gameplay isn't that impressive that makes me come back to it. it is the same thing and after few games i got to ask my self why i am playing this which lead to me uninstalling the game itself.
daniel myles : the controles are cool i love how the trackions under the tiers change what makes it interesting is how small the power up zones are (wonder if a pan cam would spice things up ...a nice zoom in and pan to the side on the car when passing another vehical or maybe a close shot when close to the walls but that would take some calculating for the sake of over all entertainment to be sustained with an alteration maybe another graphics enging with pan algorythems
tj baker : graphics are good, game seems fun, but i can't get past the infuriating controls. the steering is too sensitive, the brake works sometimes, anything your car touches will wreck you.
shadow hybrid : pretty fun time killer, easy to learn and not have to think about much.
raj ved : this game says the progress is saved by play games, i'd to format my device and when i reinstalled the game, i'd to start everything once again! my progress didn't continue where i'd left it! i'd completed all the challenges and unlocked all the towns! what's this supposed to be???
arindam roy : the developer really gave attention to the overall experience with this game, the home screen, the menu, car galleries all look so aesthetically pleasing. not to mention actual game graphics are splendid too
aamir khan : handling at first is very hard but if you spend some time on it , you can easily control the vehicle . the graphics and music gets a standing ovation . good luck developers with your future project.
peter russell : a good game overall, it woulf be good if it had an optional radio and if the driver didn't keep making stupid comments! i would recomend this game to people that like to play things like hill climb as this is like the re-mastered edition!
bueas ink95 : amazing! hooked on this game. the visuals, interface controls the wide variety of cars to choose from and they even have the legendary (ok maybe not so legendary) ae85! cheers to the devs for real. i rarely dish out five stars but i love this game.
christopher alvord : one of the best games i have ever played, definitely one of my favorites. it works better on some devices compared to others but still a great game. i would rcommend it to anyone. i love the graphic style and the gameplay. i appreciate the work you put into this game and hope that you guys add more to it and that more people play it as well.
yasmin nurlatifah hidayati : the graphics is very nice. i have a slighty slow reflex hand motions which made me easily bump in something and it really test my patience... but overall this is a good game!! thank you for the hard works.
matt luxton : really fun game. smooth colourful graphics. simple controls but challenging and addictive gameplay. love the various vehicles and the caricature style of them. recommended if you like your endless games or cars.
manu madhav : very impressive game i wish that you could add a few more cars and locations to make it interesting. otherwise, it has an impressive gameplay, great locations, good background music and nice cartoony graphics.
squeakn george : i thought this game was amazing the graphics a pretty good and it is so easy to collect cars all you have to do is complete tasks and there you go you have a car. i would highly recommend this game for any who are interested.
fajri andari : good graphic and simple
parth ry : love the zen gameplay... the game is beautiful... the devloper's efforts are well shown... won't ruin the rating just to get dev's attention, but i'd really love to have more maps... the unlock system of the game is perfect with no need to spend actual money or grind mindlessly... thanks for the beautiful game
royal fox : the movie thing, eh i like it, not nessasary though.. it's a driving game, now what i did not like is the fact i can't make a u-turn. like when we hit the gass station or repair shop. i tried, but then it just like won't turn anymore, i understand why... i'm not supposed to do that. either way rly fun
y33t bruv : i really enjoy playing this game. the 70's cop chase, hit the road sort of concept, i find, is really cool. i never get bored of playing. although, one suggestion. i have postcards piling up and i would like to maybe see a new map, but overall a great game. keep up the good work.
samsu nihar : it is a very good game to play if you have not played any other games in android. or just a new one in big screen phone. may be the worst game on phone. the camera mode is a big deal to handle . also controls made this game more irritating . my request to the play store users please don't install . you will have to lost your mbs just.....
clixbrigidxterx : cons: i paid for it already but i still get ads. pros: great art style, controls are great man i really like the art direction. so good. it keeps you on playing.
vinay raikar : steering controls is tough - didn't work as expected. the beginner lessons could be better in terms of guiding users about controls. spent couple of minutes and got frustrated with the steering.
alex paez : opting out of their privacy stuff forces you to accept it when going back into the app. top 5 star review says ads are optional but that's total bs.
steve russell : the in-app purchase seems to revert with each update. i've paid for it twice now, and with the latest update it has one again reverted. i have reached out to the developer on numerous occasions and have not received any assistance. cannot currently recommend this game or this developer.
nuansa kautsar : addicting game. it's similar to a lot of games. it's basically a running game. what i like about it is the visuals and graphics. not realistic, but cartoonish and i like that. although it's not really anything that special...
norbert goczi : i like the game so far. it's a pretty alright little game to kill some time with. by the way, would it be possible to add an option to disable the black bars in game? it could look good on a big screen. (:
zavaron : add more maps and something else except that straight street all the to your crash. maybe you could make different ways which will lead you through the maps you have. nice game. already have all the maps and a 100 extra postcards.
lincoln k : very jard to control. kept hitting breaks and sometimes they worked, but often, not. looks pretty cool, but you can't play correctly if you can't control the car.
thatguyjacobee : amazing game with great graphics and effects, very good hud/gui around the app and great compatibility with s10+. updates are quick and very good and a wide range of cars are available. easy 5 stars one of the most played games on mobile.
adithya : unique masterpiece. great work by developers. graphics, controls, gameplay everything is amazing. please add multiplayer in which vechiles can dash. i think it will be one of the best game.
enomic silver : game is amazing only thing that i have a problem with is the brakes
lokesh raj 2054 : i love the game,but i have a issue.when i went to level 12, there is a mission called "drive the boogie van for 5km ", but i can't use the van.when i search the van it comes in level 15.i reset the game more than 2 times, the same mission cames.so,please fix the problem.
yezika rodriguez : this game is really enjoyable from the graphics to the music. but the controls are so hard to move the car, and the brakes do almost nothing when needed. it would be nice to be able to chill while driving.
soothsayer 4281 : i play a lot of mobile games and this game pissses me off more than almost any game i've played. it's obvious that time and effort went into the game, but if you aren't willing to pay money for this app then expect thirty second promos after ten seconds of play because is completely hard to control without upgrades. i'm uninstalling right after i write this. to hell with this game. i don't know why anyone would play this when games like drift racing x are so much better.
rens kwakkenbos : pretty good, can really see the hard work put in to this
lapura the snep : this is a pretty fun game. when i just want something to do i can "drive" for a while and enjoy the art style. the challenges make it so you have something to do while you drive to keep it interesting. so try it maybe
low budget films : pretty good but needs more. the game feels like the older need for speed titles in terms of driving, but it feels like this driving should be used for more than just an endless driver, maybe add another game mode.
jo heck : a great game, fun to play with almost no microtransactions. the ones that exist are lifetime purchases. all in all, if you're looking for a game that's easy to pick up and easy to put down again, look no further.
cam cam : this game is fun, no glitches it alright! i play this everyday when i installed this keep up the good work.
xx mrspudguns xx : this game is a great time waster, the graphics are nice and clean, the controls are responsive and easy to use and there is a huge selection of fine classical vehicles for you to try. so fun.
troit : the game is good, it looks and plays amazing. after playing for a few days it dint get boring like most mobile games. there are so many collectable cars, that it will take a while to unlock. 10/10
ben maser : nice simple time killer. forced ads are low. doesn't take forever for upgrades. shadow cars?
pure agression : this is definitely a cherry game. what i mean by that is this is the kind of thing you find after searching for months. definitely somthing i look forward to progressing in. i recommend anybody who has the money to buy the no ads cause with them your experience will be ruined.
melu muyanga : this is a really amazing game the graphics are good the cars are brilliant and the locations are really fun but the game would be really fun if you added more power ups and increase the strength of the cars and add some turns but otherwise great game
akbar syahputra : interesting choice of games. this game is easy to learn but hard to master. various obstacles and challenge makes it interesting. the graphic was clasically awesome with great music
nomar zamora : i feel as there needs to be more maps and a little more cars to keep the game active also there is a glitch with the caps powerup where if you get the boost and die but watch an ad to be revived the caps boost keeps going for the rest of the game.
adidas slav : the cartoony graphics are very well designed, the songs are wonderfully made, and the controls with mechanics are easy and fast to understand. oh, plus the weekly updates where there is a new vehicle and bug with glitch fixes.
andrew jonathan : i love this game. but this game need 1 improvement. please let the player check the objective while playing. i mean let the player see the objective when the player click the pause button. that will make the player finish the objective faster.
amurillo reno : suggestion. could you guys possibly add daily missions/rewards? grinding the cap back then was okay since we didn't have to worry about upgrading our vehicle stats, but now that it exists, grinding bottle caps could take time longer than it should. i hope you may consider daily missions/rewards. thank you!
mahan siamian : love your game... but need more things such as a zen mode with no traffic, fuel limit, cops, etc... so we can enjoy drifting... also make that coolness upgrade useful... for example when you upgrade it, your car looks more badazz
kyle mcmillin : i think its better than drag racing and all the other car simulaion games but it would be better if the controlles was the same as the other games tho. its just arrows and u cant control the gas pedal only the break pedal
declan venter : one of the most fun games ive played and there are no lags or anything wrong like adds are to long or kicks you out and there are a lot of cool cars to choose from and the option to put on the coolness is soo amazing!!!
aiden gard : simple but really enjoyable game, creators seem to have enjoyed making it based on just how much effort went into some of it, i'd recommend it if you like endless type games where you go as far as you can or just driving games in general
bendik herlofsen : looks good but i hate the toyota prius style of driving, with the throttle stuck to the floor all the time. and it you've ever driven a remote control car, with a stick radio, steering is on the right hand, not the left...
ohmtrix : very nice game entertaining, loads of cars amazing, just one thing. when i play with the police car for example 'the cherry top' can you make a feature where you have the choice to flash em up and make it wail please? that would be amazing and i would be most grateful!
jack martin : cool enjoyable game. the gameplay is simple but challenging, the selection of vehicles is good and the visuals (so far) are are good too.
rushil agarwal : the numbering of the cars is not in sequence or they should be an option that we could change the sequence in numerical or by type of cars,as it becomes very difficult to find the new added cars and there should be a motion control in the game
alyx g raff : really fun casual driving game. the simplistic gameplay hides challenging turns especially when trying to pickup powerups without crashing. definetly check this out if your a fan of casual racing games.
baris atesli : awesome game. only would be better if you could unlock more cars with challenges. that would be awesome. other than that. maybe more challenges. awesome game!
thomas offord : the game has very good visuals. but after about 1 minute of play time you will have done everything the game has to offer. other than unlock cosmetics, this game doesnt really go anywhere
joseph birdseye : good fun at first, nice graphics. i couldn't progress in level because the car i needed to drive was the prize! i saved up for the most expensive car and it is terrible to drive and no fun.
trevon mckinley : amazing. really fun and cartoons. the physics are great. ot takes a little getting used to but it will just click. my new fav game. (classic muscle cars please) more free roam would be awesome too. i love you guys.
dunderhead 2000 : i like the graphics and the playstyle of it and i do appreciate a unique way of practicing. however i might appreciate it even more if there is a tutorial of how to drift or give me a heads up that there is a score multiplier if you drift :>
still alive : good game overall , but it is actually boring, not challenging, and the map is almot the same, not fun at all. if the gameplay is boring, i'll not spend time like this for just unlock all those cars/tracks.
uhhhwapple : i would give it a 5 star, and i'll get to the negative things in a minute. i love the idea of this game, the "coolness" thing is awesome! the atmosphere and the game play are great! the dev (i'm pretty sure he's an independent dev) or devs that worked on this game did an incredible job, buuuuuuut its so time consuming to try to earn caps! my runs are maybe 2-4 minutes each and i only get like >500 caps. i love the game play, but not that much! please fix that and i'll give the last star, thanks!
merubemo tungoe : it's freakin awsome but there's tonnes of improvements that can be made.like adding small bumpy short cuts, motorbikes, and more crazy map that r relevant to real life roads and also it will be fun to play if we can connect offline and play together with nearby players or why not make it online. make game bigger and badder. it's gets boring when u travel long distance and would love if the police speakes when chasing like 'son stop' or like 'i'm gonna bust u up' or like 'hey kid, beat it.
ajinkya pande : a very simple game with nice graphics, high difficulty and lots of cars to drive through the old cities. thats why it's editor's choice game. love it.
karamjit singh : the game was very nice ,very nice but cars was too expensive but one times buy that has more fun #drive
emmanuel ukoni : it's really cool... with the reset option.. totally exceptional
saud amir : this is an amazing game and i really like it but so sad little timmy couldn't play it
utg : very good game, though it doesn't work with my xbox controller
rajeshkumar langhnoda : one of the best car game. plese add new city(of india). nice game.
john becker : little hard to drive, but gets fun once you get it
stanley nakis : controls are the only reason i didn't mark it with 5 stars, other than that, the game and graphics are fun. of course willing to change this in case controls are a bit better.
medi yali : good game but.. the rate which the ad is going is borderline ridiculous.. gameplay-wise. the slaloms make it difficult yet they're what make this game fun, so it's worth the training. overall it's alright.
wessel driessen : fun and fair. game provides lots of cars and an increasingly complicated learning curve. amount of in-game money earned is very fair, and even microtransactions provide you with a lot of value for money (this is literally the only game i've ever played in which it sounded like a good deal to me)
tito cruz : it's worth the 2.99 to get the add free version. did not disappoint.
ali rennie : didn't like control's at all, when u turn it keeps going same direction.means u have2 constantly keep correcting as cant just go straight. made it virtually impossibly 2 enjoy playing. even tilt option might be better? fix 1 of these 2 idea's n it'l be not a bad game. uninstalling in meantime....
gilmatic : fun when you learn it! you have to play some games to get better! firstly: lots of negative reviews. let me be the first to say you people seem impatient, child-like and also need to relax. this app is fun but only when you're seasoned and put in the hours. i downloaded it early on when it was a newly popular game and i'm intent on reviewing it again and later updating my review. til' then, 4.0 stars
aleksandar zigrai : 10/10 game i love it first game on phone that i actually like
rou lis : amazing graphics with funny commentary. all around this game has a lot of character and a wide selection of cars and sceneries to pick. super relaxing and fun too!
ooga balooga : one of the prettier endless drivers out there. art direction is solid, and a built in photo mode helps capitalise on that. driving dynamics are super slippery though.
satveer dhayal : i enjoyed a lot, nice concept, quite addictive. damage should be reduced when it strike with object and cars, its frustrating to start again and again.
wong jimmy : a very interesting game to pass the time. my only suggestion is that developer should make it easier for players to choose their vehicle of choice in this game. something like filtering search would be sufficient
vito melodia : overall this game is ok. just ok. funny enough but not to keep you entertained for a long time. art stile and soundtrack are good. progression is slow, but it doesn't force you in paying money.
some buddy : wicked fun game with a cute art style that screams fun. this game is what you would expect car driving with little realism to be. this game gives you a new kind of fun. the game is simple but becomes a challenge
leena bindra : game is nice. amazing concept. just add breaking system to the cars. some time some situations occur when i want to slow down car but there is no brake in it.
fadli kurniawan : minus the vision, it just too short for me. control is ok, graphic is actually great, level design is awesome, the gameplay ui is great. overall = great for time killing game.
bill whitlock : i love this game! it's not an easy game, all cars feel different, challenging might be a bit of an understatement, but.... i like games that make me practice to be good. great game for anyone who wants to go fast, run from police, open highway pass and drifts, etc....
sanchit vaidya : such a nice game with poly style graphic with no lags it's awesome and fun to drive lots of different cars and it's addictive but you can add more stuff like power ups which we get on road while driving and add contract like stealing car , escaping the robber's gang from police and much more to make the game more awesome and addictive
devon wood : this game is a beautiful combination of unique controls, attractive graphics, and fun concept. i look forward to seeing further updates.
ibraheem hoseen : i love this game but please have different options so u could play as a plane or boat too i hope your game becomes the best
sai surya nattuva : pretty fun to play with simple controls and no annoying ads. decent graphics and cute little cars. love the narration that goes on in the background!
pubg montages : i liked this game very much as it is great time killer it dont matter if it is animated but its amazing once in a blue moon a car will come out of nowhere looking completely lost then the subtitles starts the co driver stsrts speaking about his experience and then the car crashes the game is over well great controls great graphics awesome game i had a great experience in playing this game so i give a bunch of thanks to the creators thank you thanks pixel perfect dude
rombout versluijs : game looks nice, but automatic gas is horrible. steering terrible as well, once i start steering i come into this left to right zigzag pattern. revive function 9/10 doesn't work or show time so i'm watching it for bs. i would rather have a dedicated ride button and better steering mechanics
g r : very fun game to play on the go, although i do wish they would explain how to drift somewhere. otherwise the controls are good and i love the visual design.
vpul1605 : definitely this is worth giving a shot....a beautiful game.... it's really addicting...loved it... guys ... trust me developers had done amazing work.. slight changes on how each city looks from each other would be awesome....but nevermind!!
abu muhammad jubair : an awesome game. offline. lots of cars. cool graphics. cops. cartoonish look. easy to score and store. challanging but simple controls. cars dont crash unless you hit something head on. very fun game.
reymundo barrera : it is an amazingly fun game. i really enjoy playing it because it is a very straightforward experience and gameplay. the mechanics are excellent as well as the graphics. it is an extremely polished game and the attention to detail is pretty good. very recommendable.
officialisaiah._.916 : its a good game to play in class
adrian ojog : properly done game! can't wait for new locations and cars! would love to see some more development, like more choices for a turn or an explore mode (something like a city, with blocks and buildings.)
leddius : review after 15 minutes of play. crashed your car ? revive it with an ad to keep going. no prob there. love the art style and lots of fun so far trying to shake off the cops. great time waster.
nathan winstanley : great game all the different cars are cool but the one thing that needs to be improved is the drifting mechanics as in the older version it was better where as now it's just basically driving straight.
chandler s. : a pretty calm and clean game. this is kind of a new one for me, but it's still an amazing game with the graphics and the amount of cars you can earn. i'll give it four because it could have added a tad bit more
juan martinez : immediately asked for consent to my personal data . no thank you, uninstalled.
sagar solanki : really enjoying the game. love the cool cartoony graphics and nice soundtracks that come with each track.. keep adding more cars and locations to keep the game interesting.
khalid salman : this was really a great game under this amount of game size, i really like the animation, voiceover, and them as well . keep it up , and you should give a try yourself if you're finding a game under 200mb .
shreddy 03 : its a great and cool game there are many car options and many map options to but i would love it even more if you guys add more maps more speed cars and a wheel control setting overall its a great game if you want to drive endlessly.
rishabh gusain : the game is literally fabulous, this game has everything whatever i can expect from it!!! and even more things. i would just like to give developer to give a suggestion to add option to change the controls!
marc nadeau : fun little driving game, graphics and aesthetics are great. only complaint is that driving can't be done by tilting the screen left to right.
jin : boring but nice quality and idea just make a target to the game. :)
qwerty : this is the best drift race game i've ever seen, it has maps that takes place all over the world, great cars, and easy controls! it's the best and i suggest you play it!
mike andrea : love the new ui i kinda like the new ui, especially the warning sign when other car comin from opposite lane... few suggestions for next improvement: 1. reduce the bouncing? effect from the collision, it's make the drivin really hard to control after that... 2. maybe give us a dynamic weather or time, like when we're passing 5 town, change the weather to sand storm or rain, or make it night or dawn.....
brian jackson : its a really good game and all its just that i wish that you could modify your car like if you change the rims but also i wish that there was a mode where you could do races against npcs and other players and i also wish that when you drift that you could pull the handbrake
_fry!ng_pan_ : amazing game, needs more maps. the music is great, and so is the art. you don't get adds too often either. i think it's totally worth a try if your looking for something really nice to play casually.
david busev : pretty fun game. not too many ads so it's playable, thats more than i can say about some other games. alot of content as well, and a decent challenge. thanks devs!
xonion-chanx : graphics are not bad. i like it when there are so much to see. plus the 3d screen in the garage really looks decent. i love playing these types of games! keep up the good work!
sketch 61762 : i liked it, the driving mechanics are hard to pick up but once you get rolling it's good. i wish there were more cars and hope they are easier to unlock.
p : ill give you three stars cause the controls are sucks dude 1: you should fix the break because its really stress the break put it at once and then inst working ihate that dude 2: you should ad tilt to make me a easy feels ihate those buttons dude 3:add new cars ihate old cars so add new cars example nissan skyline,toyota supra, etc 90s car iwas suggesting it so dude change it! in update iwas expecting them ok?
australian fbi : very good, nice spin on the endless exploration games. just wish that there werent as many ads and so many times when it asks you to pay real world money to progress.
a s t h e t i c a l y p l e a s i n g : an amazing game for racing fans. controls arent hard at all, you just need to learn how to steer. graphics is just as amazing..... highly recommend this game for racing fans. ads arnt a prblem if you disconnect the wifi.
michael salazar : it's honestly pretty impressive for a phone game as far as the selection of cars but i feel like the controls are a tad bit too jank for what they're trying to portray.
okay okay : very well optimized game. real time motion in background without any lagness. various types of vehicles to unlock and to upgrade them by collecting caps by playing the game. very nice animation .
sourabh kotwaliwale : fantastic gaming experience! the music makes it even better but on reaching the max level, it says "you have unlocked all the cars" but all cars are still shown locked. pls see this.
wilfredo de leon : it's a good game and the graphics are stunningly good. i recommend adding more stuff for controls like steering wheel, brakes and gas pedal. i wish this game improves over time.
weylin renison : fun and beautiful time waster with enough motivation to keep playing to discover new maps and purchase other cars. the breaking mechanic is a bit strange and difficult to use.
peter gunther : great game, it even loads on a samsung j3 no lag. play it anywhere, unlock new things. i love it!
gentry meer : this is a wow for me. at first i don't like to play it because i am scared to try new ones, but as i play it, man this is the best. this is also a hilarious game because of how you not be wanted on the cop just collect donuts haha, and also an enjoyable game and also most addictive game in my phone. please for the improvement of the game add more and lots of cars but also try to add some motors in the next update, can you do it? i know you can. thank you very much for the game.
don diwauripo thefirst : just started playing the game. loving it. especially the no ads as yet part
ashirbad behera : i thought controls were made difficult on purpose, so that the game feels difficult. but after upgrading car grip, controls become much smoother.
tom noneofyourbusiness : good game. extremely favourable amount of ads. really nicely designed. good level progression. quite addictive. please give me an option to turn off that annoying voice.
illusion animation : extremely good game ( graphics, controls, etc.). getting a different car than the starters is a bit tough but doable. kool game would recommend.
menardo mina : latest update says brakes added, but i cant even understand how to use it. tried double tapping everywhere, no brakes found.//its pretty difficult to control especially when making a pitstop for gas. just cant get the hang if it, wuth the car having basically just one speed.
paul moore : pretty solid distraction every once in a while. kind of feel like an old arcade game in a very good way, and it's not bloated with microtransactions like everything else around here.
kenneth thompson : great game the graphics are nice
robert dausinger : i enjoy this game, i like all the different cars and the upgrade options, along with the different towns, i'd give it 5 stars if you didn't have to spend coins to downgrade a car, that you've upgraded
vitor goncalves : pretty chill game but entertaining. the steering buttons on the left are too close to the edge, my thumb keeps falling outside of them :/ there's potential in the car upgrades
ruvan geo : i love it but it is to hard
toe tet aung : it's a really good game i play every day for fun
geraldo harold : perrrfect! the game works well, and it's so much enjoyable graphic is great, i love the simplistic style, the control is good, just need a little practice, and there is the zen mode! to drive in more peaceful road...
zion nimchuk : the gameplay itself is good, but i keep getting random lag spikes that interrupt my run, so often i'll die not because of my skills, but because the game lag spiked and ran me into a wall, very frustrating.
jt pido : pretty good. i'd like it better if the ads were entirely optional. plus seems a bit too grindy. overall tight driving and decent content/replayability.
max gorton : unplayable. as soon as i opened the game, it would try to make me log in to my google play account, but nothing popped up on-screen. i tried re-installing the game, but i was still left with this issue.
jakov l ice l doric : it's about as good as can be, but i dislike the lack of steering customizations, for example switching sides on the existing 2 & 3 defaults, that would personally improve the experience of the game
dody alkarim : the game is actually a fun and simple time wasting when you just need a quick getaway. the microtransaction in this game is not even that expensive, and even the most expensive car doesn't cost that much irl money
gamer playz : controls are way too difficult, i cant even play it without crashing every 10 seconds, and its not my gaming skills i can assure that. maybe if you added a steering wheel control, the game would have been more enjoyable for me and possibly others too.
chief lol gamer : i thought this game is going to be a 3d racing but looking at the graphics its a like a potato pc
brandon flisram : very fun game. many different vehicles to choose from and challenges to complete. great game to kill time with. would love to see an 18 wheeler added!!
sumeet jena : the game is pretty cool and creative but sometimes has a lot of interruptions and gets stuck half of the time. it gets resolved temporarily only after restarting the app.
al marc : ok i have been playing this game now for 3 days. it is way too difficult to even be a game. just be prepared to crash every 10 seconds. leveling up don't mean anything. coins don't add up making buying new cars or even changing he color of the car impossible. honestly, just the point (missions) of the game is boring af.
d s : the gameplay is good graphics are also beautiful but controls are a bit hard. but overall this game is good. my suggestion is to make this a multiplayer racing game.
clever mind jr : awesome work. the graphics , the audio are great. this is like a fun and adventure game. if it's possible i would have been given 10 stars. can you add multiplayer mode? as we can race with friends.
alex neil : neat little game. judging by the graphical style and infinite drive concept i was hoping it would have a nice synthwave soundtrack but it doesnt. this would be my advice for improvement, a better soundtrack
nick franco : it is amazing but i feel like there could be a little more diversity on the levels but besides that it is a great game and you just turn off your wifi or airplane mode so no ads
alexis ortega : i thought it was going to be a boring game... but i was clearly wrong! it's amazing with great graphics and i love the narrators voice and how he makes it feel like ur the one driving and he's on the passenger seat. ( )
gesse olausen : i played this a couple years ago, i enjoy the wide variety of vehicles.(even though i'm not very good at unlocking them) the controls are simple and the driving physics are superb!
cristobal sepulveda : very disapointed. when i saw this game i thought it looked interesting visually. but instead i got a cheaper version of data wing with ads and inapp purchases. wish it felt better, handled a bit more interesting or just wouldn't have adds.
brandon washington : great game, minimal ads and awesome graphics! only reason its not 5 stars is there is no option for tilt steering and the touch steering is very testy even after adjusting the sensitivity.
rexo : polished, simple, well made. overall perfect, maybe just some bug fixes. and the great part is, it can be played anywhere and anytime.
paul lanxade : very fun, i like how this game is made. i like arcade games, this one is a very good one. you should at least try it.
nathanael taylor : really fun, but the controls can be a little difficult. i would like to have a steering option that allows you to tilt your phone to turn. apart from the controls, awesome game!
justin newman : just started but i really like the difficulty and the challenge.
cfnr railfan : i really do love the game, not to many adds, my most favorite car! though 1 thing i do want to be fixed is the coolness for the 59' slimey all i ask to change on it is the emergency lights change from red to blue and the ghost busters logo is actually noticeable rather than just small incorrect symbols.
chaitanya kiran pullela : endless racing is something that has attracted me. the graphics are awesome. it would be nice if you can add an option to adjust the touch sensitivity to steer the car. kudos.
jake in the cloud : is super addictive, the retro image is cool and the gameplay is intuitive and easy but as you advance becomes more hard. in brief it's very cool.
mk achu : aswsome graphics, maps,
alex fields : well balanced gameplay. beautifull graphics. optimistic narrative as cherry on top. game goes with arcade handling. i play it from time to time and keep in my apps list
a g : absolutely fantastic. i love the car designs, love the stages, love the difficulty. ads are annoying but they aren't too often which is appreciated.
shoeb chouhan : after the update of the game it become more interesting and more challenging. more cars and levels makes the game perfect. best game everyone should play atleast once and they will get addicted.
george varghese : this game is great but i am giving it 4 stars because there is no extra levels & new colours to customize your car if there was levels like paris, sydney, mexico, rome, dubai, etc. yeah i would give the 5 star rating
lucasperson : i have been playing this game for a long time, and i have to say, it's my favourite game on my phone. this game is simple but quite addicting and unique. this is a first for me personally to find a game that had the qualities a game should have. it's nothing like the new voodoo games, there aren't many ads in this game, and they don't ask for your information. the main story is something i have never seen before, and puts a twist on driving and racing games.
trust t. process : pretty dope. thought it'd be a little easier to drive but i may have to adjust the sensitivity. challenging but not too difficult. i'm assuming it's the driver doing the talking and he has a good sense of dry humor.
karl abraham : it's seems like an ok game. what took me out of it, though, was the forced ads. i'm totally fine with viewing ads for bonuses. but when i'm forced to watch an ad i'm most likely not going to enjoy my time with the game.
dazed hxns : this game is top 3 of the best offline games this is just the perfect game it would be more fun if you can make 3 camera zoom selections like 1 is near 2 is standard and 3 is far person view so i can play music and act like it's a real road trip!
sebastian pettit : i absolutely loved this game before the update with the white boxes and all. i changed devices but was signed into google play before switching but now that im using my new device all my progress is gone except for my best distances for each location. please revert back to the old vehicle selection interface.
a presley : nice game, having fun with it i think their should be more branching paths if possible.
vimukthi ediriweera : amazing graphics, gameplay is excellent too. if you can add motion controls to steer the car, this game would be perfect.
luke krayeski : really amazing endless driving game, could keep me on it for hours on end.
perodua kancil : this update was better and perfect then before....cars and places also improve the combination between american muscle and jdm is very beatiful...i love it very much....the zen mode are the infinity driving...i love the photo mode this was i looking for and its can capture the beautiful moment....this is the perfect apps in playstore i have been download before
asyraf tojiman : theres a bug. the graphics and the actual occurences is not align. i kept hitting the "invicible" car eventho the graphic shows the cars is still far in front.
adam place : mechanics are fun, graphics are well stylised and pretty! however i find it very repetitive and as a result boring, i was able to play for an hour or so before getting bored
shubham singh : i like this endless runner with retro style and limit less vehicles to choose from. but what i didn't like was the level missions are repetitive and way too grindy.
abdulrahman alsaleh : i wasn't expecting that much fun from a game like this but i think i was wrong its good fun well made game easily can be one of the best games in the store 5/5 there only something is i dont see the different when i upgrade the vehicle or when i changed it like they all the same with a small change
jarred japtha : this game is awesome when you online and playing it lags but is quite simple also for an update the developers could add an endless mode so that you can drive through all the countries and you could earn some good money.
ib aj ya : good game, the gameplay and control are easy to get used to, its simple yet addictive game.. but can you please add more maps so it wont be boring, and it would be good if you have some kind of story or maybe campaign mode..
gemini rueq : excellent game. a little hard to grind. but not essential. ads are optional so its a plus. really good job. no crashes
lostwispz12 : its pretty fun, ads arent that much usually after 3 tries you get one ad, during the gameplay i found nothing buggy, at first its a bit challenging but its pretty fun when you get futher, its like as it said, "the further the better"
ehtesham feroze : i rated it 4 stars cos when resetting everything there is a glitch which keeps the achievements please fix it but if it is a feature then add the option to reset those as well once you fix/add this i will rate it 5 stars.
pushp parag : not free to play. after a few races, you will be asked to max out the "coolness" stat of your car. no way to skip this and not enough points to upgrade. only way is to pay.
matthew wiese : enjoyable content with a variety of cars to choose from, just challenging to master the controls. overall a great game. :)
wan jaapar : good graphic and retro. but the steering control seems a bit challenging to me. maybe i need to upgrade the car so it wont drifting while connering.
mike hjorleifson : every time the cops chase it freezes for a second and then i'm in the wall. not really fun at that point. fix this issue and you'll get 4 stars. otherwise it's pointless to even play atm. getting pissed off....about to uninstall.
shirwatel simini : i can see some real potential for this game !!! cool graphics, good controls and overall feel is awesome !!! keep up the good work and looking forward to see upcoming updates
anthony bechara : i was really surprised with this game, it feels like it actually has effort and care put into it. the gameplay is simple but fun and you can actually play without getting bombarded by ads. highly recommend!
noodle soup : controls don't work half the time and the gameplay gets boring real quick. large selection of cars but they are insanely overpriced.
arjun chakraborty : i need to drive "the boogie" to lvl up from 12 to lvl13.... but the boogie unlockes at lvl 15!!!!??!!!! this doesn't make sense. i hope the developer looks at it
sarthak gangwar : the graphics and the gameplay is great but the handling of the car is a bit difficult. also you could add a level up system and missions to complete. this will make the game more enjoyable
sefino dimitri : cool, but it's the control that so hard
abi smajlovic : a bit hard to drive but really good
aqeem qadir : god tame just that could you make the raid wider so that it will be easier to do be and lesson the near by cars please?
jairus emil galano : its good to play this game but i wish itwas multiplayer but i still like it
abhinav deepak : i love this game. the graphics are really good. i love the uniqueness of this game, the locations and the vehicles. the reason why i have given only 4 stars is because of the controls, which can get very annoying after a while.
keyur khakare : it's good it is good but anyways i'm posting this hoping that i might get a car that's all
javier soesilo : simple yet addictive, this game really got a huge potential. with it's small size and simple yet beautiful graphic, well sometimes the control is a little bit clunky when it comes to intense in-game action. simply great
aukem lingo : great game the graphics is nice
jerlin galeano : i like the game it's simple but pretty fun
adriana jeffers : good game! great controls!
braden stamper : doesn't even work. i played the tutorial to just get a feel for how the game works and then i got taken to the car select menu and i can't do anything from there except get told to upgrade to max coolness.
james clarke : fun games with not back grafics
grigoris afouxenidis : steers me into walls on its own just so i pay?! this is the only app that has this kind of problem.
shannon rosen : underrated. really underrated. great game.
pops : good. could do with easier movement possibly
arif rahman sukarno : good game, nice graphics
techno flash : simple but really addictive
abdelrhman abdallaha : offline good graphics easy control funny
cameron lopez : nice relaxing game to play for hours on end
rahman maelah : well this games is good but can u make it online
meki nalewabau : it's really fun for quarantine time
swag saunders : fun hard game can play lots
valiarah : fun and simple
blue nightmare : fun car go scert scert ber ber speed go fast
tunlin oo44 : nicee graphic and game play
game downloader : great game like the style and it's nice and chill
muhammad salman : this game is so good it gives me nostalgia i played it before also good vibes
vincenzo ruocco : pretty nice and simple game
sanjay : super graphics good game
jb python : i dont have the exact adjectives to describe it but this game is really good for reasons such as art style, music,cars and their names and the mechanics of the game. trust me it will pull you in
matej mosnacek : nice graphics, reminds me of one old pc game i liked to play, but the controls sucks bad... it might be good with physical pc keyboard... i'll like some upgradeable performance too. a pc version would be great.
atsus ssad : this one of the most amazing games i've ever played! the art style, game mechanics, the cars: all excellent. there are almost little to no ads
ready foxy : it an very fun you should download it
shaun rodgers : great game, up until i couldn't get a challenge done because the boogie van that you unlock at lvl 15 was needed for a challenge and you can't unlock it without leveling up so i can't complete my challenges and level up which is annoying.
ryan chen : its fun, although some challenges are functionally impossible, such as the level 7 one which requires a 2 second drift, 2 whole seconds in a single drift, if you release the brake early then its gg
chris harrison : i get that it's a business making apps, but the number of ads you have to sit through is just too much to get through the initial learning curve. it might be a fun game if you buy it outright, but i'm getting out now.
joao machado : cool design but the gameplay itself is repetitive. controls are a bit frustrating, at least with the worse/cheaper cars.
joshua powell : the game is just my fave driving game
furqat zaripov : honestly, this is the best game that i have ever played and not bored
matt campbell : it's a lot of fun to do runs on my lunch break. you will have to spend real money if you want any of the really cool cars in a reasonable timeframe. worth it for some of them. there's no in-app purchase that are just totally unreasonable.
eric kasyoka : this game is awesome. adjusting sensitivity fixes controls, yo! check out the car collection, dope! . thanks dev team. amazing game. great graphics. in tune with the era.
juneid mosaheb : an excellent driving game with beautiful tracks & atmosphere. so rare on the play store. make it easier to unlock new tracks please. to other players: buy new cars for better control. add new tracks themed around the beach & sea.
oyebade john : it was cool but the graphics should be improved and there should be nothing like dohnut and the controls apart from those three the game is extremely cool
pooja soni : what a control this car i love this video game i not love this game i love full game amazing graphics amazing locations and amazing game
cosah thabang : i don't know myb is because i have played better games before, this one here the programming sucks...the guy inside the car keep on saying the same thing..." wow that was close" n others repeating voice programs. coming to control....i think the car is too fast to give a player enough time to control side.
russ m : i had the game installed and it would run for approx 45 seconds and then just freeze and become unresponsive, so i deleted it. please fix because i'd like to try the game.
rio sadikin : it's not a racing game! it's like an endless runner type of game only with cars. i really enjoy it since i like to drive. and the ads are not intrusive or annoying.
samuel mracka : visually great, the controls are nice, but it's kind of boring - it needs more content. as it is, it's just a pretty time waister.
andrew : like this game so far..steering is sensitive but i think it's.supposed to be as the car drifts really well. just takes a bit of practice using brake and steering at same time also.
lucas t. : i like the cars and all the mechanics, but the driving is a little difficult. ifyou lower the sensitivity, only tapping it's all fine but except when you hold, it goes all out. if the makes sence
69 paths : the game is actually really good! the graphics are gorgeous, you could work on the controlls a little bit and make a better ui menu.
ethan hadley : i love it! quick and easy to pick up, not very stressful to me thankfully unlike some games that are like this. i love the graphics and simple but fun mechanics too.
kokomiiixx : great game. easy to get cars. i love the maps. easy to upgrade cars too. it would be better if you add more cars, more maps and more in game features.
zhr : died during tutorial. could no longer do tutorial. figuring out how to play, forced ad at the end of a level/death. ad is longer than my game time. uninstalled.
s.vaseen tharan : this very nice game i like this game i need more updates the best game i have never played very very very very very very very veey very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very hdhzkvuzivuzivzlhzjcyozt9h8sivgoypfoitidtsof6s9t6e0g6e88ey9duohxpkfidydjdyofsydjxuclxcidykgydigiuuioof7w7gpfiidifigood game
anthony birch : the graphics, sound and just the general vibe of this game are exceptional. sadly the gameplay is unsatisfying and repetitive.
web web : i have been playing this game for many times but it's still exciting and i am still trying to get all cars and all paints.also i am looking forward to another update and lot of new cool cars like lamborghini, corvete and other cool cars. also another track and other things. hope many downloaders.
brandon c : this game is so much fun, it's real relaxing to just go driving through the country towns, they look great. also i love the voice acting in this game, gives it that extra bit of quality and awesomeness. great work man.
hafizullah ibrahim : why i'm stuck at loading please fix it
samurai2 : good and great voice lines and it has gyro and nice cars and adding more cars it will make the game better
taqee hassan : never played a game like this before, actually i used to play high end graphic racing games, but i am watching this game from many days in play store, but when it got editors choice awards so i think let's have try, the game is just awesome that i can't express...
linux in a bit : very good app. i like it very much. great visuals. i play it on a seperate device because it crashes on android 4.4. please fix this issue.
andrew hart : i want slightly more control of the car for example i wish we could hold a drift better. apart form that this is great game and passes time well.
copernicus stoner : pretty fun time killer. tons of different vehicles and types to choose from. gameplay is your standard drive and dodge game, but the art style is really nice and unique.
qutbuddin pardawala : a very unique game implementation from the navigation perspective. the free board navigation and the 3d depth effect work great and gameplay remains simple yet fun. the background score and comments are hilarious too. kudos
mayuresh sonawane : i love how the controls and physx are put together.....the only drawback i can see is the ui / in game color optimization is little bit on dull side...(hard to read fuel and donut signs..it can be better)
julius dela rosa : very awesome and unique graphics. though steering is a bit hard for using it the first time. overall, a decent game to play.
jc del castillo : overall good game.. just wish the controls were better.. its a bit annoying to control the car.. a tilt to steer would be nice.. and different camera angles..
patric burns : great game. very simple, easy to understand game play thats quick fun. but the unlock system makes the game just addicting enough to where you keep coming back.
maxmax : the steering takes time ti get used to but it's pretty good, i just wish that there was an option to turn off motion blur on the high graphics setting.
tim shackleford : extremely repetitive game. all of the "towns" look exactly the same, power ups feel like they always spawn in the same exact places, voice acting is annoying and repetitive as well. i wonder if bots are giving this such good reviews - the game definitely doesn't deserve it.
asgamingandmusic : fantastic game- i feel the progression system works fine. there are microtransactions, but they are optional and actually just feel like you can use them if you want to. i appreciate that. the game is quite fun, thank you devs :)
d man : this game is a really good game,i have to say,no bugs,no ads interrupting
kristina james : great game, great controls, just no real reason like a campaign to play
cran rgo : no complaints, just a good driving game and a memorable experience
andreas 1 : great game and amazing controls. can't wait to see what comes in the future!
abdoul aziz mbacke : great game very addictive. just one less star because of the very approximative controls...
eli preston : awesome fun and also adicting, love that they added the deleorian and a back to the future variant
slack3r : fun overall, keeps me nice and busy while i wait a couple of minutes.
scappley : beautiful game! there are no flaws as of now except that it is too addicting!
renso kithan : it's a cool game and i like the graphics and also it has cool cars.
brendon fraser-bell : very fun and time consuming once you get used to the controls
nguyen hoang duy khang : this is not a story game but there high speed car and those fancy i drive like high speed drive
family terrill : wonderful game! you ride in an epic car and overcome challenging obsticals!
no1_tx3o n01 : really fun to play, passes time, runs smoothly, all together just a great game
riccardo mendola : real fun.. i think controls could be better but this is detinitely good.
basil!!!!! the pumpin' seagull : please add an option to turn off the driver's commentary. it is very annoying.
rimata alden : i love the selection of the cars. truly, there are lots of effort that went into making this game.
orion ring : nice graphics, has voice acting, multiple cars and features.
daniel roman : wish the car menu was better and way to better track the challenges in game
rachael miller : i like the game but when buying the later maps they can get a bit expensive
01. adi muzaki : nice graphic, simple control, easy gameplay.
danrickfam : adrenaline!!! getting those drift is my dream! alot of cars to collect, might be the best driving game so far in my life.
gummywormjim vods : solid driving game. wonderful to relax and just drive.
/ breaker : honestly, good game. it's really easy and fun. hard to find a good game so i'm glad this one exists great job devs
mr. beserker : the controls take some getting used to, i've been playing for an hour and it's been fun.
yasin ghasemi : good game but need some more excitement, the game after 3 4 times played is boaring and all the same.
deadlyotaku23 o : it's a little difficult to get used to the controls but it's still a fun game, i havent seen one out of place add
balaji kachare : nice game . best graphics,best controls . i am enjoying this game very much.
n kumars : this is one awesome game, i didn't understand the sensitivity setting idk what is that for anyway this game is brilliant! ;)
douglas hopkins : very good can there be different controls to make it easier
jack pearce : this is the best car game available to mobile beautiful graphics smooth game play and overall great game
gunsmoke : pretty fun to play to pass time but progression is pretty slow
edgar garcia : fun game so far. love the mechanics anr the ads arent im your face like most games
banzic : good little game with character, great visuals and nice cars
johnathan alexander : i love it although the ads are annoying but i dont mind
kit mackinnon : really good, and i love the simplicity of it and the customisations
hylian ollie : just amazing it feels like a game that even when i'm not bored i'm going to play it's just really fun
cameron morris : great game it has great graphics good handling and is pretty adictive a strait 5/5
blueflames xp1 : i have never got to play this game .everytime i time i try it kicks me out of the game can you pls fix this.i also likethe graphics
mr. wilson : fun game addicting a little bit hard to start up but still very fun
siddharth dubey : awesome but o think it's controls should beadeuch viable but overall it's awesome
brody janzen : perfect endless driving game with a very fair monetization model.
athena de nicola : it's a very good game actually, get the ads off it and it's even better
m. irsyaduddin : like the concept and the game but stilm give 5 star event the control a little dumb
luka stojanovski : i love this game but i would like if they add a bar that should show you how much coins you have
oluwadamilola samuel : the graphics is making sense also i think more steering options should be add
dzombaj_ga : it's an ok game, but you need to add more customisation, easier way to earn caps and add crates or something that would make easier way to get a car.
tre'von reynolds : love the game but needs better system for earning coins.
diego estrada : fun game, a suggestion to the devs: allow progress tracking for levelling up while driving
mobile gamer : good game with good graphics, also u can play it offline :)) download it!!!
vamshi goud : this is a hidden gem and price to remove ads is also reasonable.
gatij shakyawar : amazing game!! good animation.... really love it!!!
sadler salou louis : love the 3d details they put on the cars, amazing.
luke hiebert : seems pretty fun, but the ads are constant
robert berrier : great art. limited and boring gameplay.
yo yo : it's fun and hard at the same time nice graphics too
elijah mccure : vet nice game, i can recommend and is very good for a time killer!
adam zadra : wonderfully addictive, i don't usually spend real money on games but the couple $ it cost to remove ads and receive bonus' is well worth it, it makes the game way more enjoyable, than always waiting on an ad. plus the developers deserve it for providing such a quality game. thank you guys!
riley hockett : solid mechanics, not microtransaction heavy, great art style, not overboard with ads, this game is fun as heck and a great example of a well made mobile title. great job all around!
freighter-845 : cool game, nice feel. controls are a bit janky but it's good
curt curtis : good controls, and level design. i would like more variety in the cars and i wish the cost of the cars/upgrades were more reasonable.
tushar behera : by far the beat solo car driving game it has amazing graphics and a sly sense of humor. having a lot of fun playing this game. the controls are a bit different and will take time to get used to it but damn it feels good to drive the car in the game.
atif hussain : like the new control options, neesa work on ui layout, need to make them faded slightly and not a solid colour, removing the box around the buttoms. having just arrows and d for driifting a b break.
gabriel lord : super chill, super fun! controls took a little bit to understand (it's best to tap to steer, not hold it down), but other than that it's a lovely game!
z a mughal advocate : this game is amazing. the thing that is the most funny is the subtitles that appear at the bottom of the screen. the music is amazing. and the controls and the real feel that comes when you play it. it is worth a five .
ruwan amarakoon : amazing game amazing graphics, controls are a bit difficult to learn but are very nice once you understand them. good job guys amazing unique idea. wish there were more people as creative as you must have been when making this game. cant wait for furture updates :d
dj john : great game but there is an issue with the police every single time the police appear my game glitches out and sends me into a building which is annoying because i cant get past a certain point withough dying.
kevin : starts, see the logo, crashes out. update; app update fixed loading issue. game nice, would prefer to be able to see more up road, as currently is more about chance than skill.
ethan plaatjies : this is a great game and experience and is full of exploration and endless driving. it's runs smoothly with no ads. this game is worth downloading for.
kirk abando : alot of ads. more ads than game play.
thunder bolt : my experience is : drive crazy!! #drive is so fun to play but i hope the camera views will be available in next update to change the top view to 3rd person or interior. i hope that #drive creators make an option to change the artistic or pixelic view to real and awesome graphics one like forza. but this is a really amazing game.
wandanial krekjoke : this is excellent game i've ever played. the gameplay feels the classic mood. just adjust speed cars category to have more steering capability. well its too fast to handle.
chris henry : did the tutorial and after that couldn't get to the actual game. got stuck on the upgrade screen with no money to upgrade or way to earn it. unless i'm just reeeeeally stupid, i'd say that's a glitch.
sandro bujiashvili : awesome game! im recomending it to everyone!
g : wish it was playable. you have to collect coins to progress, but when you drive through them, they don't collect. that makes it discouraging, i'm not gonna waste time continuing to play it
market gaming : this game is pretty fun to play when bored
bill blunt : i love the art style looks really great. this game is bloody hard tho, just takes a bit of getting used to after that i had a great time! would like to see an improvment in the uprades i can do tho.
brayden weems : overall great game, great content, and enjoyable time spent. i love everything about this game, the graphica are amazing, the controls are beautiful, and it just seems so hand made and beautiful. 5/5 great work.
google docsslidessheets : the best car game i ever played. good graphics, good control, choose low/normal/high quality, police chase, gas station , repair station, surprise fitting station, doughnuts collection to stop police, doughnuts collection to score points, tons of vintage cars, more than 5 good maps (holzberg my favourite) and finally if you play online you can see the instant score board one you complete one run. no second life.
alexandros gkagkatsis : great game nice chill music with decent graphics, need another way to make more money (no ads) and make drifting easier with controls! overall excellent, nice work devs.
ronald villaruz : loved the simplicity of the game yet very addictive and fun. top notch graphics and fluid controls. please add more tracks and cars with the next update. thanks
steampunkfiend : the experience that this game offers is superb. it's smooth and sleek with a very polished feel. the art isn't stylized but gives that unique feel of a game like no other.
growpocalypse : you must agree to their privacy policy to play. looks like it'd be fun, but the fairest rating i can give without being able to play cannot be more than 50% or 2.5 stars, hence the 2 star rating instead of a 3 star rating.
arihant ahir : fix the bug- after car crash, it doosent shows any option. to go back. (need to restart game) & cars are too hard to controll...
smokie burnout 29 : goog game but there us a glitch where the cars are invisible ang you can only see the shadow
blakis : really annoying. the idea of the game is cool but the controls oh boy are they anoying. it is sooo hard to control the dumb car. it turns too fast. got really anoying and was not satisfied. looked cool from the ads dowloaded it and just got frustrated.
luca buoro : this game is beautiful. the controls are customizable and easy, and extremely good optimisation for these graphics. and the colour palette is great.
meliodas : at first i was skeptical but once i got into it i found myself addicted to see how far i can actually get, and there's a ton of different cars which apparently you can upgrade them as well, its fun and a good time killer lol.
danrc : absolute garbage, awful controls, terrible graphics, irritating music, boring (to say the least) gameplay, no options to change view. just an appalling game. one to avoid.
art_bl : good game and visuals, too many ads. if a game like clash royale had this many ads, i wouldn't have played it for years. half the time you're playing, half the time you're waiting on ads just to get a feel of this game.
brad paul : first time trying this and im already on love lol. its a rlly nice game, just wish they could add tilt so i could move around better
dan otten : nice and relaxing game with a large number of retro cars and cool graphics. there's not a lot of maps to drive through, but that's ok, it's fun as it is.
chong min jing : can you have an option of selecting the cars that i have owned instead of having to scroll through the whole section to search the cars you want. thank you. other than that this game is fun and addictive
jorge daniel aguiar : it is a fine game, beautifil graphics and lovely artstyle. the gameplay is simple but effective and youcan get rid of the ads. i like it.
teddy the espurr : surprisingly great for a endless runner, physics handle like a group b rally car. i wish we could get a lower, closer viewing angle option like a proper racing game, that'll be dandy
tauhid amin : very good game. all is like real. thanks
censor : this game plays fluidly, controls never felt too stiff or loose and i like how car models have dynamic handling and different strengths and weaknesses to balance the game out but not as much as the lack of intrusive ads rate this an initial d tofu mobile/10
ashiful haque : actually fun gameplay for once. the car models are designed with care and subtle nuance. the retro style graphics are good.
johnny reggae : i used to play a similar game on the amiga and later on evolving consoles, but this is ridiculous. any programmer could at least have a learner's mode for people like me, cos now i think it's uninstalling material. anyone who's up to this level would play it on normal mode.
rishav sagar : very good game for time pass. music +#drive=love it
buyung hanham : simple graphics, simple gameplay but...this game is really challenging; take a lot of time to master how the car reacts even with slightest tap.
john triska : would give 4,5 but the controls can be kinda hard and you need to grind for a long time to buy some nicer car, but overall great game, zen mode is perfect
gab lol : a good driving simulator, though the game gets repetitive as you progress. if you're looking for a way to kill time, this game is a solid choice.
timothy bryant : it may seem not a very good game,keep playing, you will notice each cars characteristics are amazing,its then you realize just how fun and addictive #drive is!
david logan : 2b honest there isn't much that's grabbed my attention.the thing is i don't know why either as it appears to be a decent game.just lacking something to grab me it's just driving collecting bottle caps so far it's been just long flat roads with a few cars & petrol stations.now i am saying this as use forced me to rate use guys only after a few short games here & there i gave it a go 2day as im cleaning my phone out & not 2 sure if i'll even keep this l grind on & see if it's worth keeping or not
jagadish war rao : game is good but you can add some levels.game has lot of cars and some maps. controls are smooth.music is nice and all
austin b : played this few years ago and was great now right when i open tells me pay money to get rid of ads. i dont remember for sure but dont even remember ads at all in this app.
ric william : good casual racing game. if you're a fan of car racing games, this one is a fine addition in your library.
parikshit dafedar : i have installed it in redmi note 7pro and the sound is very odd. it pixelates. it feels like the sound is being played in very slow motion. please fix it.
sam fox : i love this game so much it's worked through all the various phones i've had no matter the processing power and quality of it and it's always a easy time i really reccomend it if you're looking for a easy going but engaging driving game
nikhat khan : the game is lit but you can add multiplayer in it and a variety of choosing colours. appreciated your effort and if you don't add multiplayer atleast consider local multiplayer (lan) , the amount of effort put in this game is over 9000!!!
nikhilpreetsingh sanghera : driving physics is good but i think they should add more of collision physics rather then just end the game with just one contact with other cars. it will be more fun then.
sam mckeown : nice endless racer, looks good, but incredibly easy to write off your car. maybe allow a little more damage before ending the run? that would make the ads a bit less annoying.
bnadem panrmal : great unique graphics, and a great idea ruined by terrible controls! also, hence the name; #drive it should be focusing on driving not stopping every 2 meters for gas and donuts
doedoel : when i first saw this, i thought this was anither generic, racing game. turns out it's a fun game with an decent execution and it's very fun and relaxing! definitely gonna olay for a long time!
zack royds : controls abit hard to use but credits are hard to earn
punith raghavan : only the controls are bit tough, otherwise the game is good in all departments. maybe there could be tilt controlfor better controlling.
orange flame : thank you for the controls update! so much better! need to master the new controls too but its already better than the basic. would you consider put a fallout styled car into the game? like a chryslus corvega styled car
dave lane : it's not fun. the ads make it where the game isn't worth playing .
ethan howe : it is a very good game. nothing wrong with it so far! if you download it now you get a new free world!
laz zie : its good, it combines cars with the basic concept of temple run and subway surfers, but adds its own unique take on it. lots of fun.
phill gardinier : nice cartoon graphics. plenty of car options to choose from. feels like an old style arcade game. slightly repetitive but still fun at its core.
7 grand dad : the games cool, but you cannot aquire the car "the riffic", you cannot get it through leveling up and it doesn't show up in the gallery for you to purchase but does appear on the #collect screen. nice one. (not)
leon douglas : this is crazy, the graphics is wonderful. the way the guy in the game interacts with you make this game a killer plus the a great options of cars. respect to all the members for creating magic.
varun bansode : horrible controls even the gameplay is not fun, it would have been great if their were checkpoints feels irritated when you crash and you have to start the whole level again.
smita khakare : i would have given 10 stars but there are only 5.i mean,seriously.dope graphics,innovative thinking,in the first two minutes,i was uncomfortable with the controls but the graphics,cars,maps,etc literally #drives you to play it.really man,you guys desrve a respectfull apllause.creative a masterpiece
aviation07 : i really like the game. but you should add car upgrades and please make the repairing station access a bit easier. i also really like the graphics.
matt tagoai : it's fun. the level up system is addictive and the controls get a little getting use to but once you got it, it's mastered.
v. r prasad : love the graphics, controls, commentary and music. challenging and not too hard. balanced, as all things should be.
keshav pratap : ads with in-app purchases for in game currency always annoys me. atleast make the graphics good the graphics is horrible, the controls are really bad, gameplay become boring after sometime.
nick squire : addictive fun! just a really fun time waste. doesn't require any time just something you can play for a couple minutes have some fun and turn off. perfect little mobile game!
roger j afalla : fun, simple; drive! cool cars to choose from. game has ads, but no worries. backseat driver is annoying! graphics are cool! don't forget to refuel!
christopher coster : an insult to the genre to call this a driving game. there are arcade driving games then there's this heap where your car always accelerates and your brakes run out. it's nothing more than endless runner with car graphics pasted on top. avoid.
moiz husain : nice game though its not my cup of tea,i like how much effort the developer has put into it,also privacy and data collection settings are respectful,and the annoying tutorial that is present in many modern mobile games can be skipped..
braxton griswold : very good game but me my brother and my sister and a few friends waould love it if u could add computer controls please add computer controles so i dont have to use the mouse it keeps getting lost while i am looking at the scenery.
xiaro 5 : overall i think for a mobile phone this should at least receive a lot of attention, this a very simple yet addicting game and also the graphics and the artstyle wins it for me.
priyam gupta : this game has a lot of potential !! superb graphics and gameplay. you can bring different kind of game modes like roadrage, racing, add more powerups, cop mode etc to make it even better.
dracyan25 : the grafics are amazing and the cars are sweet, just adjust the controllers a bit each time i press down for a certain time and let go it keeps going and spins around which is ending my streak and i dont like that but anyway the game is fun
bishan deka : one problem...it's extremely hard to keep track of the cars you have...there should be a separate section for the cars you own..please look into it and make it more user-friendly
fire phoenix : it's great. amazing graphics and everything. really good with the 3d look in the garage and when we're choosing a place. really cool.
kate giffen : an absolutely wonderful game,i am really into cars and this is one of the most fun games in the app store. only three things 1 i would like to see a larger leaner park.2 it would be nice if that guy stoped nagging you. 3 more maps plz.
sarwin r.s : wow fantastic grafics ....i love it ..... best car game which i have played ever...i love...it there are many vehicles and maps...a only one thing ,make it as a online game so all will download this and play.
sparsh sharma : best game in racing catagory . i wonder how simple and efficient game controls are . this game has everything which is needed in racing game and look at its size . it has literally 100 of vehicles and all of them can be modded!! . in next update please make a concept of multiplayer and pvp great game . if you are bored of all racing ges on play store try this
jordan sobrino : endless driving games have been done to death, but there's something about the arcadey car controls and highly stylized visuals that have really made me love playing this.
renz hatake : the game is awesome, the graphics really attracts the eyes. but the controls of this game that don't like, cause it's not usually what i'm use to play drive games.
ed miner : pretty cool game,but would be a fantastic game if you could steer the car with tilting your device.i see you have tilt working in the menu,but in a different way.
yeswanth kasarapu : it's a fantastic game and the graphics are minimal once you start playing you get addicted to the game kudos to the developers for developing such a game try to develop a bike mode & motion controls in #drive from india.
blackie hideaki : just a few minutes in and i just love how it plays and looks! love the voice actor that speaks every so often i'm marveled by how nice it all feels! great job, and a good way to spend the time!
emir mcmxciii : try to understand this game, this game is not about racing and speed car chases, this is about an atmospheric and relaxing ride through beautiful environments just to make you feel good, this games is a driving version of alto's adventure.
scott alexander : pretty fun game. my only real complaint is not having any control over your speed, which can make gameplay past a certain point frustrating.
james asis : the graphics are good and it's easy to play. gg
shoegazing slappy : a very solid endless runner type game with a fantastic art style and great sound design. edit: oh dear since its launch they've become greedy scumbags who not only sells you data but also show ads wow just wow, i was one of the first to download this game and its ashame its gone downhill this much
abdullah abazeed : very nice and eazy game and its so funny i like it
k8 : this is honestly a good but the controls are a bit hard. if you could update it with good controls, many would be glad!
hagen eber : its realy fun and challenging the driving realy can be hard to control though. i'm unsure why to upgrade speed because it feels quite hard to control.
darlington chamburuka : interesting and difficult
sp3ctrum 1212 : i love this game its so fun at beautiful but i wish there were more power ups or maybe the ability to upgrade them e.g last longer....also i would love for you to add more game modes like races or stunts maybe as it does get boring after a bit so please add.....apart from that great game thanks
pranav mutha : graphics are good but no controls at all. you cannot even steer the car properly and brakes are really useless. uninstalling..
anthony payne : cool fun racing just the touchy steering get to your nerves a bit
mark ireson : fixed game crash issue. back to awesome fun. new menus okay after getting used to it. not sure how to achieve the drift thing though.
david ter stal : main complaint i have would be the draw distance. having a longer draw distance would help spot stations much easier rather than having to guess where they are.
dragomir mircea-robert : when i started playing, the game had like one car. now there's a load of categories and tracks and upgrades! and nice visuals and sound! fun fun fun!!
akash kumar : extremely good graphics with engaging gameplay. i wish there would be a continuous map option also, where all unlocked maps would come at certain intervals.
nino sie : the graphic and the interface are stunning. love the funny comments too. the only thing that makes this game not getting a 5star is the game control, make it hard to enjoy the game.
someindistinct person : i really like the graphics, but starting out it is very hard to regain control. you have no way of slowing down and turning, and if you do, it's not in the tutorial. overall, needs to be balanced.
welington veiga : amazing! it's awesome playing a game that simple and greatly developed at same time: controls, sounds, music, everything is 5 stars. thank you for it!
ghosts of razgriz : great game with stunning graphics,great soundtrack and smooth gameplay.it takes some time to get used to the controls since they're a bit tricky but its fun and entertaining
artificial425 : great game! the devs really did a nice job with this one. graphics are great, voice acting is done really well, and gameplay is flawless. this has easily become one of my favorite mobile games by far.
haitham alissa : please add tilt controls, it shouldn't be hard because i see how in the level select, the box thingy moves when i move my phone. other than that it's a cool game! have a good day!
sybony mangoma : it's an awesome game,a little tricky at first but in a matter of time you'll be stuck to your screen as you need to put all your focus to the game the only negative are the controls,but graphics
j : looks like a cool game but the steering is some of the worst i have experienced on mobile. you put a cool tilt effect on the menu, why can't we tilt to steer?
eliu velez : love the graphics ,and the controls on the game are so simple and easy to use. it a great past time love to play over and over.
aaron guzman : hey watch it! this one is on the house! fun game. challenging to level up and that makes it fun. i wish you could sell the cars back that you gotta buy to level up though... like come on you think i really want to buy an rv bro!? let me keep my earnings and level up too tho homie...
lemonaresweet - : one of the few games i've ever rated 5 stars. there are some ads since i a mobile game, but they hlgive you the option to get rid of them with a 1 time payment. the ads tho aren't much of a problem.
game boy : i love it but plzz improve the steering options
david omoba : i hate this game , very stupid game. you better change the way the steering is. i mean who use buttons and pressing of buttons to steer cars in a car racing game? don't download.
ryo niko : it was a fun and classic! i like where you can even access the place and the vehicle in inital d, and other sorts of places relevant to tv shows. all in all it was fun! perfect for enjoying non ending games.
fahim waiz : the control is sooooo sensitive. i turned the sensitivity to the lowest but stil no difference. the car moves too fast and i cant even catch up to what's going on.
milifkun : the game is already perfect for its genre, but i have some suggestions especially the commentary guy, i think it will feel more immersive if the commentary guy language is matching the city you play. and adding some city would be good too
allen thomas : i love the animations, the graphics is so high res. the design is very fluid. and the game is very entertaining. i love the ingame comentary.
leonardo a.anjos : i barely write reviews but this game deserves one. drifting system, graphics, challenges, diversity of cars, every single aspect of this game is perfect.
shivanshu sharma : great game. i have unlocked every location in a matter of days. soundtrack of "vinh vang" is truly awesome. missions are there but one particular one, "trick the police" is not getting done.
polaris123 impossible : pretty nice for a mobile game tbh, i would give the idea like splitting roads that we can choose, or like some special event or something, just my ideas but it's a pretty good game to play if your looking for more casual stuff.
deepali rai : nice game the game has nice graphics but please add india please
j j : good graphics; boring, sluggish game-play. the tutorial was uninspiring and didnt make me want to jump into the game propef. instant uninstall.
mansour farokhinezhad : the only reason i gave this 4 stars is that i dont agree with the breaking system. in my opinion at least 3 breaks should allowed before each cool down.(no only one break is available before breaks cool down)
dhani ramadian : difficult to play, the controls is somewhat too aggressive even i've lowered the sensitivity. maybe this game only intended for hardcore arcade player instead to person who wanna relieves from stress.
saleha shuja : i love it its great and just the game that is fun or so etching idk its cool.
paul smith : fun game. stearing is a little bit sensitive.
anoop suman : game is super. i liked the graphics,controls. best thing is so many cars to drive.but the braking is limited. it will be more fun if we get a braking paddle with no limit braking.
shiv narayan : it's quite challlenging! i guess that's the fun part of it. good graphics and a retro gameplay make it very exciting with a simple game play.
keith sageser : lots of fun. great time killer. it's a bit challenging but that's what makes it so fun. everytime you wreck your vehicle, you automatically think you can do better the next time which is not the case. it's worth the trying for sure.
connor bruce : this game is phenomenal! it has so much attention to detail and the design is very smooth and pleasing to the eye. also, ads are very limited, which i love!
matt shipley : old school driving game at its best. excellent.
john w : easy to control, and very addictive
vincent ford : this is a great game. the graphics are amazing hardly any ads and the ads are all short and if you click accidentally it doesnt send you to the app store
erik gomez : great graphics. really nice map and car designs. if youre playing the free version, be ready for a lot of long ad breaks.
space_ mab : so far the game seems fun, a little getting used to. i do think that the coins could use a bit more of a pop animation when collecting coins.
varun jeesukh : well this game has it all by we cn ask from a proper free runner. easy to control but he'd to master. easily one of the bet open endless drivers out here on playstore. upgrading your car might need some coins or god control over your drive.
laurence keir : loads of fun, great style and music
don vega : i got attracted to the style of drive in the video of the game, but unfortunately not the same in the game. i'm driving arcade style. simulation driving would suited this game more. for now, i'm excited to try the wangan 81, hopefully i change my mind
davit nergadze : if anything just only the devs effort deserves for everyone to give this game 5 stars! thank you and please, keep up the good work! i play the game rarely recently but i've never though of removing it just because i want best quality apps on my device! p.s.: gyroscope control mode would be great addition.
matthew demitor : very fun and very intense. the zen mode is fun and the police chases are really cool because you speed up and then it makes everything harder to get. definitely recommend.
chantel & brandon bernal : it's been 2 years and i still have heart in this game
alex lee : i like the theme and the cars and everything else, but why does the control have to be so ridiculously terrible? completely ruines the experience of an otherwise awesome game.
kaizo : it's a great game, it takes a while to get used to the controls, and collecting caps takes too long but the voice acting and overall experience was great.
bad dog mike : it has been a good game so far i have been playing this since last around this time. to the developers can you please add russia as a location and make parts of it look like soviet era buildings and the rest with old houses and field's? thanks for making this game.
chick bungus : great game, nothing else to say, good mediation in ads, not too many to make me want to die, not too less to make me feel sorry for you, good game quality, nice voice acting, good pacing, and it overall feels like a game that could cost money, but doesn't
salman iza : fun, easy to learn/hard to master game that will have you spending hours trynna make it that much farther than you did before. easy recommendation for anyone looking for something different in the 'endless runner' genre.
pierson laverdiere : wow, this game, incredible. i'm giving this game a 5 star review because of it's fun gameplay, the car selection, and the variety of maps, and most of all the fact that there are barely any ads
nico ballesteros : game is pretty neat with all the current maps and cars. hope that in the future they add specific tuning to the car (i.e. wheels, decals). also add more maps to be played
stan : it's a good game. it s a shame the x2 bonus for watching an ad is in the game. it's humanly impossible to pass on it all the time, so you end up watching more and more ads.
alex bolt : good game, just controls are a bit fiddly. to control the car you need to have your fingers on the screen which blocks some of the hud.
sam lotfi : look it is a good game, that you learn fast to play and you will be able to handle tha challenges. the reason of that star i did not gave to it, is that this game will be fun for a short period of the time so you will be bored after all#all arcade games are like this
joshua chandra : so many drivers that you can choose from not one of them look like me apparently this world only has black and white people. as for the game itself it's fun keeps me engaged the tasks are kind of repetitive get 20 coins then next get 300 coins it's the same task. it serves its purpose it's fun enough
tr1gonometry : awesome! i only have gotten 2 adds so far
gerardo vargas : i really like the game and all the options there are for steering the car, but i was wondering if there was a way that a steering wheel option for steering the car was possible. that would be really cool!
monstermagnum56 /rayquaza : this game is really easy. the months car add ins are a great aspect i love because your always seeing cool cars you don't see in other games into an arcade chill themed game. good job...add more themed levels tho.
bosnianboy : the game is really great i love it so much. tho i have a suggestion maybe you guys could add more maps like a russian or middle eastern map, i think that would be great. it doesnt have to be any of that but those are just suggestions.
hichem drouche : this game looks amazing, it has great graphics and the commentary is not bad but all it need imo is tilt control because thouch control is a bit hard for me. i hope you take my opinion into consideration and i'll be glad if you add tilt control, thanks for this game and keep it up.
eduardo palacios : nice game but it crash time to time.
mason blackthorn : controls good, looks nice, drive is fun but ... a ten second add after every five second ride (yes, i am bad at games) is more add than game to my mind. too much add for me. best wishes!
porsche liebhaber : good game if you like simple driving. my only complaint is the unusual brake style as they get hot quickly and then you can't brake for about ten seconds.
shrek master : amazing game this is an amazing time killer and so many cars one thing i would like is a race multiplayer mode like a down hill run or a drag race or even a demolition derby but it is astonishing the amount of content and little to no adds but over all good game
reza .t : very good and addictive game. don't care to those who say that it's a bad game. a hint: if u don't want that the police car chase u just break in front of it, so it won't chase u any more and there isn't any need to donuts or others. tnx for makers and developers.
pog : very fun addicting game! i haven't found an entertaining game in quite some time but this is just so much fun. so many different cars to buy and pretty simple concept!
nol markaj : great game. not very progresive and it feels like most of the cars are not worth buying as they are kind of the same. also... how about the higher lvl you go the more checkpoints you get so more tickets?
sarah : good game with nice graphics, at first the controls are pretty sensitive but after adjusting it got better. overall a great game and a fun way to pass time.
iliescu vlad : i can't even start to drive.i dunno if this is meant to be so but it forces you to buy an upgrade for the car and max it out. the menu insists i need to upgrade the coolness of the car to max but i don't have what with. fix that and i'll fix the rating too
yeapps sunny : great game i tried many times to find a bug but it's cool.no bug no crash better performance on a very low end device. sound quality are also op .great gob and that's why you earned 5.0 stars
paula begay : one of my favorite mobile games that is avaliable. alot of content avaliable, from the amount of cars, maps, and challenges. great game.
sebastian miles : i would say that this is one of the best free endless runners out there. great artstyle, amazing cars, and a really nice gameplay loop.
dirt disciples for christ : good game but hard to turn
tyler garrix : i don't generally write reviews, also this game was fairly new with less number users who have rated it, so i didn't plan of installing it. however now that i did, i'm bound to say it's one of the awesomest games out there due to it's minimalist setup. you can always know when a new game is going to be famous just by looking at it, and this one's going to be famous for sure. i recommend trying it out 100%. good work developers.
martin huber : fun game! was difficult to control the car at first, but once you get used to it, it's simple and fun to use. i like the graphics style. wish there were more cars and towns.
ocean natua : the graphics are perfect and the driving. but they should add tilteing steering wheel in the settings so you just need to tilt the device to turn
alireza jafarlou : this game is really fun and i love it so much and after a few years i'm playing it again thank you for making this excellent games
brent levingston : this game has the perfect difficulty. it's very fun to play and earn new cars. sometimes it feels like a grind but it's mostly a good app to get on a play for a few minutes
renon mardi : love this game! awesome style of graphics. the steering could be smoother. level design needs more variation.
korri north : really easy to learn and fun to play
bereket terefe : i'm not one to rate a game... but even i think this is seriously good. could use a few more tweaks, like if the passenger guy shouting abuse knew that i had a goddamn plow on the front of my car and that's why i'm ramming everyone... but really, niggles. you guys did great. props.
damiano cecconi : could be the game of the year. amazing graphic, details, cars but... only twenty levels. a week of playing! could be months instead. missions could be more detailed and harder. you have done the most and you slipped on such silly things.
paolo gabriel evangelista : the game is really fun. the handling for the various cars vehicles are pretty good. however it can get a bit grindy to unlock the vehicles (even on the x2 multiplier).
david gollihar : wonderful game that doesn't push too many ads. feels great to play and has excellent controller support. unlockables aren't too hard to earn. you don't get many games like this on mobile.
vasu dev : the game is good.. much improvement should be made on features.. like add more abilities to vehciles or add more track difficulties add more cop difficulties.. this will make the game even more fun..
volodymyr pavlov : awesome game, the gameplay is fun, cars' behavior is pleasant, visuals are a great eye candy, prem features are fair and well worth it - but by no means required. a perfect time killer!
neeket jha : wonderful game. graphics are good, car models are good, controls are rough but good. add some daily rewards. then this will become perfect
thiru kumaran : game is actually pretty decent. after level 20, there are no missions. it feels like the game is over. developers need to release an update with new missions after level 20. otherwise, you are not going to grow further.
moses raj : needs a lot of grinding, not many maps (although it took me a lot of time to finish each one) and perhaps repetitive but game is fun nonetheless.
a google user : wonderful game. it's gameplay is not overwhelming as other games like this are. enjoy the japan update and the panda van. would like you make the repair shop in dusty crumbs a bit bigger to make accessible enough to enter and exit it without crashing. otherwise love the japan update.
naren dran : it's a good game has vocal exclusively and cars and places are shown nice .. although the braking is a bit difficult to get adjusted to considering i have turn into those petrol stations and donut shops .
donald seals : folks, i am still only rating this game at 3 stars for reasons of ads overpowering actual playing time 60%/40% or worse, a very clunky interface and poor control efficiency, plus, if i am prompted to rate this app again in another 12 hours, the 3 stars will be reduced to 1. 3 prompts in 48 hours is indicative of the greed consuming the developers trying to enrich theirselves through a "free app" which is a foolish way to attempt to profit if ever there was one....
francis ochea : i liked the game very much. i hope you can make more maps. like mostly around the world. so that we can experience an adventure traveling the whole world.
mano aj : really disappointed, i tought it was like having different levels and modes of terrains will come after specific period, but shows only desert. don't have the choice to give review without single star.
michael fain : forced ads aren't needed when ads are prevalent everywhere else. it's ad to play, ad to win, ad to have fun but then the ads mean no fun. needs a healthy balance of ads vs gameplay and currently it's mostly ads.
lydia lee : i love the vintage feel to this game. the controls are hard at firs but you get used to them fast. this is just the perfect game to play to pass time and just to have fun.
alhaj khaled : it is fantastic but i have a few suggestion i think whit this your game will have no competator . you have to add car brand . like bmw. benz. toyota . ford .etc many more you should add customization based on selection not option .and adding cutagories in cars customization . and more .and you have add deffrent car according to brands .
sun shine : the game user interface is very bad and game controls are very bad i can't control the car then how to drive. the name itself should be changed. now i am gonna uninstall this.
lucas magno : gameplay is cool and the graphics are awesome. almost level 10 and progress does not seem to be unreasonable.
jamel aboujrass : it's not often that you find such a quality game, and boy, i've tried a lot.
random guy : game looks great but the controls are terrible, its always crashed whenever i tried to turn in critical turning, so fix this issue quickly.
kavita : stuck at level 11 , 5 seconds consecutive drift meter doesnt increase after 3.5 seconds. edit - fixed, thank you. changed rating to 5 stars.
xeroxsennin : i like this game. its a fun little time killer, nice artwork and music. my favorites are german and japan maps, love roleplaying tofu delivery guy haha. i would like to see more maps and power ups in the future. lets say ufo power up gives you ability to fly and blast all trafic around you with lasers. postman power up gives you postcard instead of red coin after you hit all 5. maybe a dwarf power up to shrink u down. well its just silly ideas ikr, but hope to see more of this game. much love<3
playfield : overall the game is good, unfortunately it doesn't kept my previous progress. i already unlocked tons of cars just by playing it free and also foe the maps yet it didn't save my progress...
the revanchist : amazingly crafted and an abundant choice of wheels.
adam ray : pretty cool game. it is actually kinda hard to master. & there is plenty of cars & locations you can unlock to keep the game interesting.
kyle smith : lots of fun. this is a cool new take on an old school arcade model. the irreverent dialogue and 70s funk and rock soundtrack adds a nice vibe to the action.
l3km3rs : fun game and a great time killer. love the handling and the environments. it is easily one of the best endless runners in the play store.
jonathan tree : great game, fun to play, easy to pick up, plenty to pick up and i'd say worth the price to get rid of the ads which pleasingly arent very intrusive anyways!
b17 flying fortress : so far, the game runs smooth its easy to adapt to and its overall i good game to play on the go and the voicelines are perfect. would recommend.
emad zaheer : i don't know what they expect from us. when you return to play this game after some days. all the cars have to be bought. not even a single car you already bought stays. now if you have lesser coins, you can't even buy the cheapest car to start your progress again. what is this behavior?
dorian maralack : this game is absolutely amazing. the graphics of #drive are pretty decent for a mobile game. the game runs smoothly and the controls are good. i'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoys action and cars.
chase : very good game nice cars, good areas to drive around, little hard to get used to steering but once you do it's great, honestly has a lot of potential
fluffy jello : i love it it's a game that anyone can be good at it's one of those nice mello kick back game also the music the cars the driving is smooth and when you crash you are able to just get right back into the sweet and simple
raghav maheshwari : its a good game but you will get bored from this game in a short time. its basically due to the cars available, even after buying new cars with much higher specs u won't feel much difference
nick shaida : the game becomes better and better (even though it is technically impossible to turn car to move backwards :) ). developer does a good job!
anthony nguyen : great game! i love the physics, and i think throwing food at the police is a great touch. the cars are pretty snappy, so new players might want to be aware of that.
justin greenhalgh : love the simple game but hard and fun!!
denos : they really deserve this. fun easy to play game.
dogsareverygood : my favourite game! i love how the developers create frequent updates with new interesting features each time and also the graphics are amazing and beautiful. i dont usually leave written reviews but please consider downloading if you see this game it's awesome. :)
tanzim ahmad : beautiful graphics, soothing. gameplay is not very time-efficient and easy in my opinion, overall its really good. would give it 4* but gave 3 instead so they might notice my opinion :3
christian perfinan : this game is very simple but!!!, very addictive i think this will be a perfect game if they add a circle route or way? because sometimes you get bored because its just a straight way with curve and looping(repeating) the area or places. and maybe if they add a location in philippines like bohol!! banaue rice terraces! and more! because here in philippines there are a lot of good views and places! im just sharing maybe they add some of what i say hehe hoping!!! but the game is reallyyyyyyy good!
junjun cui : i played this game for 5 years and i always wished for multiplayer mode. everyone agree? this game is a true masterpeice
ada still memes : i love this game! the thing that bothers me about this game is that you can't rotate your phone that you can drive the car. but the game is amazing. the graphics are awesome to. there are also ads.
sashank chandrasekar : this game is epic! i had so much fun playing it and that's because you don't get bored of it after some time like in other games. the game is completely endless and all the cars have a different feel to drive. if you like driving games get this one now!
nathan marquez : i like this game because you dont have to buy upgrades but only for the car and it's just a simple left and right for the controls and the graphics are ok
tristan wragge : i have just started playing and it is such a good game i can tell already, the controller and mechanics are simple but difficult, and there is so much to unlock and do, a good time waster
fuzzy duck : i quite like this game. its good to just start playing this even if your on a train a car ride etc. the handling is a bit squiffy at first but you'll easily get used to it once you download it!
callum scott : the game doesn't even launch on an s20+, literally not even 1 second the app stays open for. the developer is coming out with some lies about storage and memory space, i have 56gb of storage and 6.5gb of memory available. don't even bother downloading this
tyler burnett : it's like if minion rush was a car game not original at all! dear pixel perfect dude s.a. i tried it again and actually think it's pretty fun sorry for my older response
wu shoalin of the shadow liquid swordz : this game has me driving really fast in real life its almost like the real thing i see coins on the road and i drive to collect them...my friends don't even get i. the car with me especially after a three day binge playing g this game with no sleep!!!
kevin castano : crashes immediately on start-up. looks like this update they did a few days ago didn't help with the basic function of the game. will update the review and likely give a higher rating once it's fixed and i can actually experience the game.
diren singh : we to play ratio is awesome. super simple and incredibly entertaining. even better, new maps and new cars come out regularly.
steve : you're actually reading user comment? i read some negatively commenting it and some just suggest to add brake feature. now you really addressed the problem quite fast oh, i'm really impressed i know how hard it is to code such mechanic (i'm into programming too) now this game become even more special than other infinite running game by adding more control to it. you know what i will donate some when i have some spare cash
isaac lee : superb game! beautiful graphics and runs smoothly. not too many ads (probably every 5ish games) and easy game mechanics but hard to master.
athuljith r : an awesome game but kinda fast and thats what makes it challenging and fun but the cops and traffic need to be more hype giving. i've been here when it was just starting out and glad to see it succeed. well done on this.
cleber barbonalha : cool game, good gameplay, effective just to pass time. but what really got me was the soundtrack, one of the maps had a music directly based on "big in japan".
dylan whiting : it is an all out good game it isn't perfect though it has its flaws like sometimes it will take certain cars to get certain power ups but it is a really good game and a the time i played it is amazing
khayyam akhtar : a great game! awesomely executed. not that it needs tilt controls but still, i want to try it with tilt controls.
wendel caya : love the way you've done with the controls and the gameplay it's smooth as glass.keep it up i'll be waiting with some added improvements you've got on your sleeves.
shivam hodage : i think you should add skip feature for lavels or tasks
rami shaashoo : amazing graphics and the roads are perfect but if some new hyper cars added like mclaren and ferrari and if the road viewing changes it will be better
sandra almodovar : it is a good game with countless cars and so many maps! but 1 problem, the brake time too fast and roads a bit too small for me at least. exempt the problems, this game is a great game
jeremiasz szymanski : probably the best driving game on mobile, it's got a bunch of cars, upgrades and different areas. all in a beautifly made world with nicely placed voice lines.
yoshi cook : this game is amazing! i've tried so many other driving games... including asphalt 9: legends, but this one was this best. it has such a clean, refreshing, relaxing look and feel. i absolutely love it.
nawaf abu-ghazaleh : unfortunately, the controls are terrible. the car brakes are not responding as per the instructions. it keeps going straight!
drew : easy to pick up and play for short amounts at a time. takes a lot to buy/ upgrade anything really substantially.
olaf_de_barker ._. : when you pause the game i want to see the missions so if i start and forget then i need to go back to the menu and maybe add a few more cars but the game is so fun and addictive.
the puppet master : its a great game i don't mind the ads cause they don't interrupt the game but i would like it to where your vehicles are in their own spot instead of scrolling through cars that you don't own other than that that's all
chris : i had purchased ad removal to support the game and have been receiving ads since the last update. currently haven't been able to find a "restore purchases" option within the menus of the game.
cap potter : if it had multiple choices of paths to take similiar to outrun by sega, it would complete the game. potentially in #drive2? regardless fun distance racer with its own identity.
theodore deverell : really nice soundtrack, car list, ui, car customisation. controls sometimes seem sloppy but after getting used to them they are fine.
muteen : really fun game to play, love it! just hate the ads, give an option to remove the ads after playing for a certain amount of time.
luka vekic : far best game ive ever played on a phone, good controls, amazing graphics and good money system,maybe u could add a new map like touge or mountain downhill it would be pretty cool
shawn hordges : the controls ruin what could be a 5 star game. it's pressurized but in the worst way and the developers probably didn't make that an option on purpose probably.. fix it and see watch the ratings change...
jason kiddman : smooth and nice graphics !!! i like the driving is realistic because the car isn't locked in any direction and you can go on a loop if you want !!!
yash v : graphics are amazing but story or approch of game isn't good. if you want to rock then think about other approach with this graphics, like open world. and you'll on top
steve van der walt : fun runner game. lots of cars and good locations. you basically have to see how far you can get in each location. it is pretty addictive.
samuel lillie : this game has a nice concept but the controls are slippery and it's way too easy to crash. it's like the game is one gigantic ice level
daniel stepanov : fun and not quite complex. you can play for five minutes, pause, then play in a few hours. however, you'll experience all of the gameplay within a times of playing.
umer khitab : this game is as retro as one can think of.......cool graphics, great controls, manageable difficulty, easy upgrades and above all an enjoyable experience.
abhinav thool : graphics are well good, and you can really enjoy your plenty of time playing this, best game for some car guys as it has plenty of cars and that too realistic! im enjoying it, download it and you too enjoy it asap!
william chandra : i like this game, bring driving experience to arcade. but still feel too slippery tho even on max upgrade, maybe the car factor i dunno. i will looking forward for the future updates
batsit d : this is a great game but now less than a second after i open it, it crashes. have redownloaded a number of times but doesn't seem to work at all. please fix.
aniket survase : well i really liked the game,decent graphics, but just one thing..the missions where drifting time is calculated,it doesn't count the time even though i drifted so no mission progress u get stuck in game
martin boagaloo : pretty good, nice graphics, decent controls and not too many ads. it's a bit grindy but what free mobile game isn't these days. worth a try.
muttley : one of the very few games i recommend on the google playstore, if you want a more of a driving experience i suggest turning off the game audio completely ( music and sound ) and play some dave rodger/go2 eurobeat in the background, you'll have a blast.
soniya soniyajannat998 : this game is very good.please add some maps and try to add some cars in maps.in this game,i see 3/4 type cars in every maps.add a train station in germany map.encrease the size of roads.you deserve the rate and subscribe.
amanuel tesfaye : this game is simply beautiful. however, it would be way way better if you guys made the game full screen instead of the current narrow aspect ratio. it would make the experience much more immersive.
sebastian dewar : great game. excellent presentation and styling. car fans will definitely appreciate the real world inspiration for all the cars in the game.
fu22y : nice game to spend time with, i love the the control and the graphics is aesthetically pleasing to watch. overall its enjoyable.
joseph kordahi : it's really fun. no complaints so far except that it does kind of get repetitive. i would recommend putting in some new modes to make the game more a little more interesting.
tokyo prison : okay. this game is awesome! the graphics is great! it works well on my "old" phone. so many cars, so many object to interact with. this game never make me bored. i love this keep it up developer!
speed lover : i love this game it really does kill time and the graphics are amazing and have character to it, also it hardly ever lags. it feels like that your a racer from initial d because the hole game is like a initial d race from a bird's i view and a car you don't start with called hachitofu 85 which looks like the car called toyota ae86, if you are a initial d fan you will love this game and every car in the anime is in the game. god bless the developers of this game.
boris josz : very fun little driving game. love the choice of cars, about to unlock a 2cv, which i don't think i've ever seen in a game. a+
mike l : warning this is a scam "game"! it forces you to max out the "coolness" of the vehicle before you can even play the game, problem being there isn't enough in-game credits to do that and therefore it forces you to use real money just to get past that part in order to just play the game.
kwesi xciii : really fun game. captivating graphics. tight controls. challenging and addicting. cool cars to grind for! definitely a good download.
the lonewolf : daaaang... this game looks amazing and everything about it is just 5 stars. the music, the comments that guy makes, the mechanics and the tracks are all awesome. please add more tracks soon. thanks to the devs.
ahmad fadzil zainal : it's fun and challenging...! this game it's a good time killer.the graphics,song, and soundtrack are all great.
bokhal : really fun game and hard at the same time
tyler shaw : just a great game. i love the way they made the graphics, the maps, and the cars. this is the best endless driving sim.
raven gaming : it very addictive game but like is a bit to control the steering and the drift brakes like function are a bit also hard just add more control options then the game will be awesome
bradley goodall : it's just a good game the people who made it did a good job
eric anderson : really great graphics and details but super crappy controls. you can't take you foot off the gas only can brake. very hard to stear. once nudge into another vehicle halts you progress. narrator is very annoying and repatitve.
rajan mistry : there are few glitches while driving in the current version for redmi8a. multiple touch points are activated automatically leading to unwanted actions.
winter bear : it is a really good game. the graphics is really good and this game is new in the field of endless games. people say that the controls are bad or hard but if you get a hold of it , it is easy to play the game.
realistic villager : great game for passing time
rodgon : good game for offline gaming
cheekburek : pretty good game, gave me some good time, but after 4 days it got pretty boring, i do appreciate the fact that there is hundreds of cars but the grind just made the game terribly boring, but the controls were really good, so hence the 4 out of 5.
ein 004 : this is the best endless drive game .i ever play.i love how devoloper choice the retro classic cars between year 1920s to 1980s. and also this game is perfect for people who love classic retro cars.
antennahead music : this game is awsome! if you like smokey and the bandit or dukes of hazzard, then you will love this. my only concern is that there isn't much you can do with the cops other than throw food at them. maybe add some ramps/jumps and maybe the ability to ram the smokey of the road.
aditya pant : nothing special. vertigo racing is way better for a retro theme based solo driving game. controls are bad. uninstalled within first 10 mins.
andre aggasid : the controls are perfect, the game has really good graphics, doesn't lag, and it has police chases. one of my favorite car games.
dmitriy kruglov : this game is great. the only thing that bothers me is that downgrading car stats doesnt yeld as much coins as it takes to upgrade it again.
cactus john : meh.... endless runner with cars, could be fun to "collect" all the cars. i'm guessing that would take 100s of hours. the game pays out about 100coins per 30 minutes of playing, way to little/slow to keep my attention.
shawn sexton : this game is awesome. it's simple , attention grabbing and just a blast to play. tons of different styles of car to suite your mood. great time killer.5/5
tomni ramsay : one thing to make this game better is but before i say who ever come across this game it is a fun and wonderful games anyways it it put multplayer mode so when u go to thst mode u got to see who will survive longer and put like free drive multiplayer 1 bug it keeps bluring alittle and lagging and making u go crazy
dyeymz aral : great game.. but, i think you guys should make the warning sign of donut, police, and the bulldozer thing maybe a little bit more specific. i only played it 3 tyms and i enjoyed it, really time killer.. hope you made it happen in the next update.. well its not a big thing really..
halo halo : i first played this game without the brake feature and it was a lil bit hard, but now that it has this function, i can play it much more smoothly than before, but if you can add some more comments from the guy talking, i would be glad to play this further.
rupam chakrabborty : i like this i can unlock this welcome mars home everyone please play a game can drive on mars amazing right
meisho gaming : it's a fun game i like it dawnload it now!!
i'm here : one of the best mobile games i ever played. it is smooth and have great graphics. it have different vehicles and maps and lot more things.
doom slayer 574 cortez : best driving game in the world
biswajit das : #drive this game is awesome #drive became a pro
alex martin : easy controls. complicated enough to keep you playing. plenty of cars to unlock. dont mind the ads so far might pay the 3$ for no ads. worth the download for sure
pedro antonio gomez gonzalez : i really like this game, it's fairly simple but very fun to play when you're stuck in a line or waiting for something, however i would love to have the option to mute the driver in a future update, it's a little bit repetitive in my opinion
tim scott : great game the style and effects are amazing, it would be nice to change the control styles though.
sleepyamber : this game is really cool and nice to play, keep up the good work, and also can u add a city map, that would be cool with the traffic also add some rampsmso u can jump on and get bonus caps
muhd wajdi : add more jdm cars and rain and night mode :)
the 4th steve : i like the concept, only criticism is that the music cuts out/switches too sharply. smoothen the transition, and i'll probably 5-star this.
darx mazter : its a good game, the controls are kind of hard and they should add more cars but i like the concept, there arent too many adds either.
nishain singh : fantastic game never played before like this but there has to be a sound when we are approaching to fix car icon not like approaching fuel sound but different sound and the approaching icon are too sharp icon and has to be big or placed in other place to see quickly
kieron needham : it's a great game. flawless and it runs smooth like butter
it's snowflake : it's a really fun and addicting game, there are lots of different cars and plenty of different maps to choose but the only problem is that it is a little bit of a grinding game.
jeremy clarkson's motorworld channel : great game, been playing it for 2 years no pay to play too
michael meza : one of the best driving game ive ever installed on this crummy app store, 10/10
muhd hakimi : very good game. the grhapic is very beautiful . just learn the control and you will get it . best car game ever i have play. just add a few map to look much better such as a road beside the beach... anyway this is very nice game.
lortix gaming : graphic and online. it's good game
haleema abdullahi : hmmm you will have fun it is very interesting
derick potgieter : best game in the entire world
naveed alam : great game....great graphics and concept...the controls are a little bit akward,not very realistic controls..and drifting is veeeeeery hard to do
akura legindury : it is a great game to play as the controls are easy and it gets constant updates. one problem i have is that the gameplay can feel a little stale at times. it's a great game and i think you should give it a try!
nick spinrad : still breaking in the reins, but she's toasty!
lalo hernandez : cool game and it's fun
rafsilva soares : amazing and funny game
ozzy moreno : this is really fun
xasanboy foziljonov : the best car game ever
andrija v. : fun and offline
theo zanello : excellent. nothing else to say
menzi mbanjwa : it's hard to play.
kettu : you can drive a 126p what else is there to say?
amir khoshnoud : such a great game!!!!!
ashfaq ali : dude this game is awesome
breyer cooper : love the game!!
asad asjad : #drive and frlegends that's all a car guy needs
solidsucks : a really fun casual game to play. and the fact that its offline, i can play it whenever abd whereever i want!
benjamin board : great game lots of fun but quite a few adds
rylan taylor : fun too play when ur on long car ride and other s5uff
ray nl : great examole of how mobile gaming is just mobile gaming. it still sucks. and still made of half baked "games". technically it does look good though. but there is no gameplay. i would never somethijg like this on a pc or console. why would i do it on a phone then? 2 stars for at least looking better than a lot of others....
costel cernat : super entertaining, hard to stop playing
vonrex : awesome... but can you add more stuff like car getting damaged visibly, adding scratches to the cars after hits and bumps... that would be a great update to the game.
logan french : gud it was very fun
maitry acharya : incredible,..... literally just incredible... you devs are the best because this is the best car driving game i have ever played. the concept is phenomenal. graphics, low poly cute car designs, game physics.... also now its 100+ cars keep it up... awesome game, """highly recommended"""
flying peel tanks /w 5000hp : great offline game, fun choices, definitely recommend, and they're no pay to win. i just wish they're be more cars.
madhu madhu : uuuuuuuuuu f f f f f f f f fantastic game very fun! nice game? what is this, fabulious car drifting! thank you so much developers!
b34st : please add multiplayer or at least lan! it would be more fun to compete with other players or friends. it's one of the best games i've ever played since asphalt 8
aekansh dixit : loved the experience. controls could be better. but it's a spot on action game with brilliant graphics and gameplay.
yash patel : levels are too long and it's frustrating.i couldn't even get past first level let alone play whole game.there is no checkpoint on the road,you crash and you have to start from beginning.
hunter henry : it's good other than it being teties of when it asks for a revive but good
aryan emami : i love this game. my favorite map is the 2nd one(snowplough)
willphazer : you should be able in photo mode to just save the picture, or hide the controls so you can take a screenshot, either way is a great game!
roy joseph : good game in playstore..but i have a suggestion that we want to see the missions in the pause menu..good..try to increase the graphics a little more...nice game..
garima baghele : the game has very thrilling graphics and a better gameplay.the best thing is that this game is better than 90 percent of editors choice games.it has 40 cars to play that is a plus point.
terry jones : worst driving game ever!!! the steering is so sensitive even at its lowest level. you just go from side to side trying to not wreck . but you will wreck everytime. uninstalled after 5 tortuous minutes.
kajetan rudkiewicz : overall good game, but why after crashing i have to watch a 30 second ad... every time and everywhere there is an ad
kamohelo ntong : best game i've ever played not much ads graphics best
julian wilkinson : the amount of cars and objects to crash into can be reduced some on the lower levels to increase difficulty as you unlock areas, but a challenge can still be fun
bang kodis : dear developer, i wish u guys could make the touch control less sensitive for better control, or i think adding something like gyroscope steering control would be great too.. anyway.. personally, i love the game so much.. no matter how hard it is i'll give this masterpiece 5 stars anyways.. u guys did a great job !!
mike hottinger : this game is amazaing! the controls are simple, and the graphics are great! #drive is where it's at, this game was executed beautifully! 5
bamboor : this game is great, i hate the "car keys" update, i don't get the point of having to see the car keys repeatedly every time i try to choose a car, must be a bug, is completely annoying
matt moss : cool game so far. it asked me to rate it so this is the first level review. the graphics and gameplay are really good. tons of cars and tracks.
tim a : relaxing gameplay with nice graphics, slot of cars to choose. warm soundtrack during races gives good feeling of atmosphere. recommend for time spending.
d dub : fun and challenging, it's a nice driving game with cars to offer. edit: is there a console version of this game that i don't know about? currently addicted but really want a controller and bigger screen.
bagare vishwanath chandrshikar : a very nice game. but for beginners please while driving hit the pause button and turn up the sensitivity. do this and you'll master the game.
jonas robson : it's a supper fun game with funny dialog.
pickle : it's a great game, everything in it is great with the exception of some traffic car's hitboxes, other than that it's a very good arcade game.
fargo : the game has become better with each update, in my opinion. each vehicle feels different and the amount of coin required is reasonable.
mitja jambresic : the driving physic are quite satisfying for a mobile game and when you upgrade a car you csn really feel the difference. great game, would recommend.
erdem gundogdu : as long as you know how to play, and ofc read, fun and challenging yet pretty simple. communication with developers is easy via discord. such a promising project, grows real fast and good.
priyansh mishra : the graphics are beautiful and the gameplay is awesomeness. the controls should get more smooth.
lynn : it's a good. the cars looks great and the maps are fun as well. the controls are hard but that's what makes it more fun.
oct : awesome game! i love the expression the game has and makes it's unique cars give the game more charm as welm with the voice acting, characters, and the graphics it's self.
greenify : it is a good game but i'm rating 3 stars because some of us here don't use buttons. there should be more driving controls like steering wheel and tilting. but it's fun
mark george : this was the android driving experience that i was looking for. amazing cartoon style graphics, epic cars, and a well made game in general!
jankhana patel : it's good but it will be better if you add multilayer and make it better by adding racing mod so we can race in racetracks with people all over the world.
levi visger : fun way to kill time. multitude of cars to drive that can be customized. ads every once in a while
days of funder : wikid designer graphics. the animated theme is so well done. challenging gameplay. tough but fun. really slick but .. ads.
aha : just my taste in games. fun gameplay and a variety of cars to choose from, simple yet beautiful graphics.
amitesh magar : something is wrong with the audio. it was better previously but over the past few days it has gathered some noise and has become distorted.
an hoang : i see that you added the map "vinh vang" into the game, a real life destination in vietnam. thank you at first for your consideration. however, meanwhile other maps have their specific origin countries names, the "vinh vang" map comes from "se asia"? i am furthermore disappointed that the theme for this map is definitely or heavily chinese-ish, which is also quite offensive to us. please either remove the map or fix it with care and knowledge. i'm looking forward to your so called redemption.
james lorenzo briones : i really like the game..thumbs up. good controls,good graphics. overall on this game is awesome. can you please add honda civic eg hatchback car on the next update.
rachel meidinger : this is a really great game, i love playing it! if you're bored or on anything on a road trip, this is one of the games to play. to me it kind of reminded me of subway surfers but with cars, which i'm really cool with, thank you to the developers that made the game.
yixes : i dont want to whatch unskipable ads everytime it ok only if i choose and i cant see the place where i can fix my car make something that reminds me just like the fuel over all its a great game with good graphics
tochi : tilt steering when? :0 like ya know what other games have when you tilt your phone and you can steer the car like with a steering wheel, that would be useful for smooth drifts
kyle : stuck. game requires upgrading coolness before continuing. i don't have the currency. very simple test case; very fail.
nathan barry : fun arcade driver. graphics and music are excellent music really makes the game. large number of cars to collect keeps it interesting
not evan : it's just overall a good game. i love the car designs where they brought actual cars into the game and made an infinitely fun car survival game!
huzefa shaikh : i will be honest. i was expecting a lot from this game, but it literally sucked. the sensitivity is too low, and you can't even increase it. there isn't any problems with the graphics, but if the gameplay itself is bad, nothing else matters.
vitalijs drozdovs : good game. i would recommend it to those who want to spend their time with fun. graphics are ok, controls also and sounds too.
nex cietez : during the drifting the game engine is not able to count the seconds up to 5. i have managed to drift for 10 seconds having the x5 multiplier, but it was not enough.
johann cj : guys i have a pretty problematic bug for you to fix. i am currently at level 12. and there is this mission to drive the boogie for 5kms. but the boogie gets unlocked only a at level 15. so i cannot progress the missions. i finished the other two. but because of this...i cannot proceed to further missions...since the missions refresh only after the three of them are completed. but the boogie is unlocked only at level 15 and i'm at 12. so i cannot proceed to the next missions please tend to this
just your average person : good rating overall on the play store, ads aren't intrusive, cars aren't overly pricey, and the game is really fun! highly recommend playing this.
bently abercrombie : broooooo!!!! you're game is dope and i play it all the time i think that it's perfect and doesn't need many changes. thanks for the hard work keep it up
actual retard : the controls are an aquired skill to get good with, but overall, the game's great. i'd recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun driving game to kill time
verbal tease : ten minutes of playing and it wants a rating. so here is is. ads and difficult steering controls so far. not much else to report.
a c. : controls for steering are horrendous. good review are fake. the controls make, what could be an outstanding game, one of the worst games for driving and causes massive frustration
sidharth kamath : this is one of the most cleanest and beautifully designed game. it is a simple game once you master the nuances, but the gameplay is awesome. looking forward to what they do next.
ben skywalker : uninstalleddrunk driving simulator, makes you drive like 3 year old kids playing gran turismo, left right crash into everything. good example of how not to design a driving game. boring. designed for 3 year old kids. anybody who pays money for this garbage is an idiot. blacklisted this developer from my future download list.
shubham mevada : it's an amazing game but i would like to suggest an way to make it more exciting. add some left and right turns and not just going straight with some wavy road, add some road twist
amal krishnan pk 8-i : its a nice game . graphics are cool. but the problem is when we pause the game and resume it, it start immediately without any countdown and that makes accident.....hope u bring that in next update.
cole phelps : it's a good game, but i wish there was an option to have the game in nightmode or a sunset mode, where the sky and background would be a sunset or dark. other than that, this game's pretty good
norm r : it is one of my favorite mobile games and i recommend this game. good physics, sick cars and lovely maps. do wish you could customise your car a little better like bull bars and wings.
riley harris : so fun and a great way to kill time. nice selection of cars that you can rip through different sceneries.
kevin yaacoub : it's a good game and good for passing time and it's hard witch makes it better and better but, the controles aren't too good so we need u change it and put some more cars and police
queen harris : i dont like many driving games but this is one of the few games i do enjoy, i like that youre always running from the cops and can barely stop for gas. i definitely will waste too much time on this game. and when i have the dollars i will pay to remove ads to support the devs :))
boraq abdulmajeed : i love this game. it is so well designed. i like the verity of options of cars. i have a lot of ideas to share with the developers. once i find a way to directly suggest it. other than that. this game is awesome
no name : everything is good except controls - unless they're meant to be that hard. it also needs a tilt control.
zaheer firdausov : game is a good time killer. no rush to get the new cars. only gripe is that you would want to have more stages, or maybe other modes like pvp racing or something like that.
leonardo casagrande rodrigues : amazing! some good looking graphics, fun gameplay, great soundtrack, cool cars. really fun to play for hours.
rugved bhambid : it's fun to play the game. graphics are very well. but there is no stearing wheel so it's hard to control. overall great game.
curtis condie : in my opinion there were too many ads. it was also very hard o control it should have the option to steer by tilting your phone.
michael mills : very simple, would say that graphics are nice, smooth. i enjoy simple games such as this. a great time killer.
ethan lovejoy : fun and exciting game! only thing needs improvement is making the steering a little easier and maybe get 1 or 2 more lives per race.
rawr galore : great work. fun graphics controls are technically challenging which is great will upgrade to 5 stars as i go along and find out how the progress is personally
crowhuman : honestly a good game to pass time. what i do is turn on a podcast on spotify, turn off the in game volume, and just complete the challenges
ivan benjamin urena garcia : amazing game c: just had a minor detail about displaying game statuses like the bonuses sometimes overlap and not every single one shows up on screen, that's sort of inconvenient
govinder singh : so much potential idm testing new updates there is so much you can do with the game like a story mode/ multipayer and different tracks and more! it's a fresh clean game that does not look tacty and feels good(please give 60fps) reccomed
amirhossein : great game for fun, fan graphics, cool physics and best of all car control, but a problem when i take a photo in photomode, the game goes out, for no reason. my phone is redmi 9
mohammed kabil : add new modes like race or test drive and make the cars a little faster. the game is awesome keep up the good work.
panganiban, lucky santino r. : its a really really good game, its always updated, a lot of cool cars(with cool names) it gets better every time it has an update please dont change pixel perfect dude, this game has a potential, just dont be like other game makers that just want our money and puts alot of in app purchases, this infinite game is already good, keep on being updated, and i hope to try some new modes in this game soon, i am playing this i think since december and it gets cooler and cooler, thanks for cool experienc
rolando anderson jr. : this game is pretty fun. wish i could see a tiny bit further ahead, but since this game runs so smooth on my note 4 for how nice it looks, bah leave it be. lol the dialogue mid game is nice too. hopefully more tracks'll be added later on.
robert johnson : the graphics, gameplay, controls, etc are amazing!!! everything runs perfectly. props to the people who made the game
nezznh : genuinely one of the rare enjoyable games on mobile rn. superbsimple concept, super gorgeous graphics, and super entertaining gameplay.
tripp : the game looks so smooth and the gameplay is spectacular and the controls are very smooth. it deserves editors choice
billbow bagins : the game is a lot of fun! definitly engaging enough to make the grind for new cars and maps worth it. and fortunatly the grind isnt very excruciating
joe h : wow, driving mechanics are to sluggish, it would probably be better if you had a game controller, not just pressing l and r on a phone or pad. pretty neat concept though
sebastian : it's a bit fun, but it just gets too repetitive and the more i played the less interesting or new stuff it offered. thumbs up for creativity though!
film world : nice game. but you should add tilting controls and 1st person and 2nd person view also. add free ride mode and career mode and multiplayer mode also. please.
ben kranendonk : this game is exactly what i've been looking for. something i can pick up and put down all the same. easy to grasp and has a small amount of challenge just enough that you want to keep going but not enough to be annoying. play this game
shrey raj : awesome game with pretty good graphics. lots of vehicles available. easy controls. limited locations.
alexander brantley-webster : this game is great i've only been playing for a few hours now and its super fun to play! the game has nice scene, nice graphics, controls, and more, i usually don't leave reviews but i had to on this game trust me you will have fun!
deo favente : (22 august 2019): game refuses to start. do not install. i paid money too. paid for it because i thought it would be worth it. but no it's not. the control is horrible. it's not fun at all with the braking button.
michael taylor : this is a really fun and well developed game. the concept is so simple but the graphics and voice overs make everything that much better
numbat man : this game is great. it feels really balanced and smooth and sits perfectly on the line of too hard and too easy and makes the game really nice to play not to mention the great graphics
adnan piric : the car just crush in nothing explode and then forcing you to watch adds, fix this asap and i will change my review. p. s. when you drifting with the car all is good no crush but if you stop with drift the car just crush, explode.
zeno 1 : nice game,many cars and fun. but in the end just an ad game and the only thing you seem todo is collecting cars? to spend money it's not enough.controller support is cool
aaryan verma : that's a marvellous and exciting game. it's to hard to control the car when i started it now it's become easy to control the car it's have lots of cute cars.
umesh satpathi : such a playful game. the controls are quiet stiff and sensitive and the graphics is awesome . need to play more to become a pro for this game.
vojislav papulanovic : good game, though controls could be a bit better, like on sensor. graphics are satisfying, ambient too. played about an hour though, maybe i'll rerate later :d
calvin : this is a fun game and there are much vehicles that we can select but there are small crash and bug when i played it so hopefully you can fix it and improve the game.
felipe fernando : surprisingly entertaining. nice animation, really basic gameplay and controls, good objectives to keep you playing.
gaming with sean : controls were awesome but drifting part supposed to make car oversteer. rear tire feels like they are more in friction while drifting and less friction in sharp turns.
maria johnson : this has the potential to be a really good game. however, it's ruined by the fact that you're not actually in control. there is no brake, no gas, no nothing. you just move left and right. it's marketed as 'just drive around', but it's just another basic racing game.
joel wilson : such a great game . i really love it. it's kinda crazy playing this game. i keep on playing hours to make new records. cool graphics is another great speciality. totally awesome game.
ngashjr : exceptional graphics, quite challenging and it's fun collecting all those tiny cars can't wait for new updates.
a google user : epic game graphics are really great new retro look but with an update modern feel to it well it thicks all boxes for me and highly recommend it even if ur not a car game person i think you will find it really cool to play cheers for the game guys keep up great work
talha shakeel : game keeps crashing when the game loads. others also are facing the same issue. hope to see a fix coming up!
fuad pineiro : good gameplay , nice range of vehicles/maps, and simple fun without having to spend an eternity to get what you want in game.
reese train44 : it's a pretty good game all-round iv put about >3hours into it and have enjoyed it since however car customization is partially lacking with limited amount of colors and "coolness" customizablity ignoring that slight issue it is a decant game
ayushi mishra : really nice game ,but you can add some competitive modes also ..... graphics are awesome ....it looks classic ....also you can improve controls ...overall its an amazing game .....one should play
faze isopropyl : it's fun and it has nice graphics but the controls are a little weird and you have to go threw so many menus before you actually drive
sir ichi ulrick a. penesa : woah, the endless road is truly an adventure, i'm having fun playing this game, i've been playing it for weeks right now and its actually very dang good, among all of the endless runner or racing games, this is the best i've ever played
grim reaper : it has good graphics and have lots of maps and cars that makes it more exciting but it doesn't have racing thing with others but it's over all 4 star game i think
mohammad sheharyar : simple controls. great graphics. awesome ux. a winning combo. adding tilt controls should be on the to do list.
projetsinistre : love the style and the car selection is awesome. just wish you could flip the steering controls, tho.
kishan : its very good game and fun to play but u should add some more places and different modes of driving like racing ,multiplayer and etc overall its a very good game [edit] how to cancel zen mode
kayhanistan : this is one of the greatest mobile games of all time. it doesnt lag at all and my phone always lags. there are bearley any ads, only 1 like every 10 minutes. by far the best mobile game in a long time.
malak hammouri : amazing game love it. but they put alot of drifting waitch makes the game a little frustrating for me but over all it is a fantastic game 5 star u should totally download it it's completly free no need to share ura email so this is a game i really enjoy i always play it on my tablet every day so this is a game i would really recommend and make sure to support the creater by liking the game and and reviews 5 stars if u like it and yah this is a game i would really reacomend be safe.
andrei lala : best endless driving game, worth your time, recommend you buy double money because it also removes ads. respect to the developer for keeping prices fair and not going into micro transaction.
stellar : it was a nice game but i deleted it because i thought it was boring. but now i wanted to download it again and everytime i press on the app it says, "#drive has stopped" so it's not letting me play it. (i downloaded it, is just not letting me in the app)
doug stante : not very good at all. car goes way too fast, does not respond significantly to braking, and has terrible steering behavior. stupid, stupid, stupid game.
micah virts : this game is absolutely perfect for me. i have music on my phone and i hoping u would add a feature with the car radio connecting to my music player.
swarnendu bose : amazing experience, brilliantly optimized, beautiful cars , beautiful thematic background and soothing music , clearly a top notch casual game to be enjoyed .
julian hurtado : very fun and enjoyable little game with good controls, addicting but simple gameplay, and nicely done sfx and graphics. 5 stars.
lucas payne : fun and it was enjoyable even tho it's repetitive its amazing that it is and the controls the countless options that there are for cars like damn there are a lot of cars anyway good game and rarely any ads
christopher radle : it's a lot of fun, there aren't too many ads, and when there are you can skip them after like 5 seconds. great way to pass the time
tristan heck : not a bad game. it feels a little like subwaysurfer but with cars. the controls are a little wonky
jancent lim : it would be better if there is an option for the camera view or camera height settings/adjustments. maybe you can work on that next update.
mohamed ayaan : very unique game, and quite different from other car games which are highway racing games and is like one of those running games (example:temple run) but more fun
gaspar lankans : stunning graphics and most enjoyable gameplay,levels are hard though,could be more exciting if you can add multiplayer option, game sountrack is dope af.
adrian carrera : hah! hah! this game brings back good old memories!!!! one of the best driving games out there, its funny, with the best car collection i've ever seen with their names, and cool graphic style. definitely i highly recommend this game.
bobin : suberb game this game desserve 5 stars...i was searching for a game i can play in free time and this game suits me perfect car collection is awesome....there is a small issue in controlling the car i think it is a little bit hard....but the game is awesome
arslan khan : love the game bro after long time i saw game which demands nothing from the player rather than concentration. keep it up. after some tries i got a hang of the controls. love the game the graphics.
de monke : i like this game, it's fun and all but i wish you could unlock the levels by doing quests or something, i dont know if is does exist or i'm just stupid and just dont pay attention. but this game is amazing. 5 star cuz why not. it's really good.
sul walker : i am very much impressed with the graphics and the music.it's so relaxing and tranquil .i would gladly give this a 5 star and i will request the developers to bring more awesome maps and relaxing music.
joshua singh : pretty enjoyable experience. its a little different from other racing games. cool diversity of cars.
robertsmith : should be called,"sucky brakes" it has works with both thumbs pressing at the same time but it only works once every 5 seconds,to drive safely you have to tap tap tap it slows down when it goes into the gas stations and when you tap left-right fast turning like youre trying to drift, practice that way so you get used to the stupid car, a tip is getting the donuts once you have them the police car leaves alone as soon as it shows the donuts gets eating and the plow too if you crash nothing happen
pugsferlife : the concept is awesome, and i really like the fast paced game play! the controls are nice and i like that to unlock stuff you need skill and not cash! overall a great game!
sumitansu mohanta : it's so good easy controles and everything but for me it is difficult to drift because we hate to click left or right than we have to claim the other side and press both to brake. than the grafix is so good all over it is a good game
meehiiplayerzz : pretty epic game, good sound, sometimes the guy says funny things, cool cars, ye. i do suggest you can buy different drivers like the one whos always hingry or smth, he says when you di a cool thing "food is so much better than this" like those stuff, ill greatly apperciate it when u add dufferent characters if drivers that say different things:dd *this game is smooth
reginald mazibuko : best survival racing game i've ever played i've played some games like traffic racer, traffic rider, even gt racing, but i love this game because it never gets old. when you think you know it all, it surprises you. well done guys, well done
darkgenesis : this game is just amazing... im in love with this game... so addicting.... doesn't matter which device you play, i play in my 5 year old samsung without any issues.. it's just so frikkin awesome!!! don't change anything in this game...
mustafa sheikh : well this game is amazing because of its size verities of car polygon graphic are great. in the last i love . but it need a custom layout feature.
nathan schauer : fun but takes awhile to collect caps and postcards so gets a little repetitive all and all its a good time killer that keeps u coming back for more and to unlock the ton of things that can be unlocked
rihan haris : nice game the only thing is there is no support for ps4 controller the letters are confusing because it uses xbox keys letters overall nice and minimal game need more details in picture mode too.
2020 subaru brz : i love the graphics and the steering i like the game but it just needs some fixes because on some maps it has bugs or like a glitch.
christian alexandre bertrand : i love this game, i gave it 5 stars but now to catch attention. i have my galaxy tab 3, always worked. now, all exited cause it says update #2 is control pad "evo vr" conpatible, and all i see when it starts is the beginnining where you read the ads ect, then instead of the start screen, all i see is black screen and i tried it all from uninstall to install again, breif, i wont go through a list of piss-offs, but who ever is in charge of the game techs, *please do something about it!!!*
richard burt : pixel perfect dude could you please add multiplayer racing, could be only with 4 or 5 people, racing through streets, towards a finish line or a time trail. that would top this game off, thanks for reading
denzel kalalo : this game is good, less ads, many cars, etc, you can also turn on the coolness of the car, thats a nice touch, keep it going devs!
caleb : fun gameplay. maybe its just the first car but the controls are a little slippery, but i think that just adds to the challenge
austin sloop : i like it with the simple look and the controls, but my only complaint is the selection screen it sometimes just take you straight to the key rack
kiran rathore : in this game there is a need to add some things like , checkpoints ,tilt sensor steering , but this game is super cool , its phenominal to drive in different cities
rogue dino : awesome game. more vehicles and maps please. also, make a brake button instead of using two fingers. how are you suppose to turn right away?
simon : really fun game! i enjoy playing a lot! i really hope they add some new maps, and maybe a multiplayer or race mode would be cool!
aneesh nimkar : one of the best games i have played. but i would be happy to see this game on pc. i love the graphics and the car names. i would like to see more cars tho.
gilberto echeverria : very cool game! lots of fun, with plenty of cars to unlock. just be prepared to pay tomremove the ads in order to enjoy the game.
charles adoki : looks fun, but a little too complex for me and too much pay to play. steering is way too sensitive with a controller.
madman : very good game, so many cars to chose from, i like the graphic style very much and it keeps being updated, keep it up!
shahper kazmi : the game is excellent i guess but not just my cup of tee it would be great if the controls wherent so tough and there would be costamization to ur controls idc overall the game is very good good job!
sayan : installed this game the day it was launched. fell in love with the graphics, aesthetic and diversity of cars. love the game and its wonderful community.
the science preacher : very good game, an excellent app for passing time. i highly recommend it. the controls are smooth. overall excellent app.
glenn : alright art, the icon looks much better than the game. gets boring quite easily. could do with a few improvements e.g. missions, better physics
joseph bolton : great game to help pass time i love the cars.i hope the grafics will get better and more cars to come in future thanks. the steering is a little loose
talyx : ok i am quite mad, i have months waiting for the "crash into a train in germany" mission to get removed and still isn't. why keep a "challenge" that its impossible to make, the only way to do it was to crash into a pole that made your car spun out with a light pole, get out of bounds then turn around and hit it. but that but is patched. how in the world are we supposed to complete this impossible challenge then? remove it already jesus. i want to level up.
ali : i was shocked with the beauty of this game, i really didn't expect that, this game needs some kind of multiplayer race or something like that, and more voice lines for the character, i am a bit curious about the game engine used, is it unity ?
ryan adhinusa : it is a good game, the challenging corner rings and increasing traffic the further you drive are cool. found bug that my car suddenly plunged into the ashpalt in tofuyama corner ring track.
dalp origarten svenson : unskippable adds that seem to dump me at the playstore half the time, no matter what i do. i guess there's a game here, but the ads are intrusive & crush any imersion.
in a worldgonemad : real good game. i like the graphical style. difficulty is spot on. one of the standout games on the playstore.
khanzada : i would like to say that this is a very good game and i have kept it for alot of time and i enjoy playing it. i love the graphics and i like the controls too.
thomas smith : i think this is a very good mobile game. i would enjoy more focus on the drifting if that is what the game is about. if not then breaking could be easier
zerwolff : its a simple game where you drive through an area, you need to manage your fuel and health as crashing ismt recommended. its rather relaxing so i dont know if theres any more to say
gaming amar : what a nice game and graphics is improved maps are very good cars are very excellent controls should be improved i am playing this game 1 year ago . a very real game this is and this is one of my favourite game thanks for launching this game
l g : visually cool and not bad controls. oppressive volume of ads. uninstalled after 5 min ( 2 of which were spent watching 30 second ads)
lewis macbeth : simple, repetitive, but oddly satisfying and addictive. ads aren't too bad either. i'm really enjoying it!
kartik suthar : love the game, the cars, the music and the roads! have one question: if i buy the full pack ("unlock all" option) right now will it include new cars, tracks added later on?
a google user : this game gets 5/5 easily , drifting however is a 1/5 , drifting controls need to be changed feels really weird having to keep two fingers on the screen to drift
nefariotic pewdiekentic : pretty good game but please add a button that can reduce the music sound but increase the car engine sound. id rather cruise along the road listening to the engine than some noisy instrumental
himanshu karmacharya : amazing graphics and atmosphere but the controls (especially the brakes) may need a little tweaking.
joel : video ad too invasive, on my first 3 min of game play had two 30 seconds un skippable video ads. that ruin my experience to try the game further. its a meh game for me im not willing to keep investing time to see if i like. shame too it looked promising.
nathan casson : good clean driving fun, nice graphics, sound and controls. has that just another go factor as well.
gregan dunn : great game, but i can't handle the 10 seconds of gameplay followed by 30 seconds of advertisements. flip that around and you might have a winner.
lagging irl : its a nice game. relaxing. the maps are good. lost of vehicles to choose. if you are looking for a simple but interesting one, this is it .
lander kirby riodeque : i love the game graphics is awesome and add tilt control asap for better driving experience because i am tired to tap to control the car pls add tilt control for easy to drive and best game when offline
tony fakhry : the control in this game is really hard. i liked the graphics and everything but i never played it for more than 5 minutes because of how hard it is to control the car
inner speaker : i suck at it, even when i lower steering sensitivity, it's still to sensitive in some way, and yet it's one of the most pleasant games for android i can think of and sometimes i like to just try and see if i still suck at it :)
the dwarven gaming : honestly, a fun little time waster. removing adds only costs a few bucks and the cars look cool.
jesse&kitty kellett : probably one of the best games on the play store. it's addicting and it's art design is brilliant, and it's incrediblely unique
lian : nice , but different game modes would be really apreciated , like to be able to destroy other cars , races , and jumps , and chaces and if you would include types of tanks or motorbikes
kryster : learning this game is not so swift. but once you got the grip. you can drive with style and drift. play, drive, and have a nice trip.
harrison blatch : game is fine, but uninstalled as personally there are too many ads. no problems supporting devs, but showing two 30 second ads nearly back to back is too much.
laurence keir : fun, great style. quite a challenge! it has hidden controller support! really good to play with a dual shock 4.
ikki vp : great game, fun all round love the art style, gameplay is great, lots of cars..a little somethin for everybody especially if you love classic cars
squidgy republic : i really enjoy this game. it is fun, doesn't lag and is in some ways relaxing. graphics are superb and the game itself is very addictive.
dennis mutende : am giving the four stars cause am have a bit af a challenge with the controls...i really wish you could have add a tilt control...bu the game is fun i really like it i do recommend it....
oliver bell : really cool game. very simple but is just a brilliant time killer. the driving is perfect and feels awesome to do. definitely recommend.
gianluca vartan : fun, though there should be an option to turn off the narration, this doesnt add much and can be repetitive.
jayson tryon : the only mild complaint that i have is how expensive the car upgrades become so quickly, but it's incredibly fun and excellent for an offline time killer
johannes westin : pretty fun, but way too grindy with very few rewarss. looks great, controls are tight, all in all solid.
hobie hogan : superb driving "simulator", kickass graphics and feel. it's like being a kid again and booting up windows 98, centric sounds, great for all ages.
nikhil parmar : you can add texi mode , graphic superb also add to customer carry and limit time put their destination like something it's much more fun. :)
yusuf al huyairi : amazing game,in my opinion you need to add more music and the music must be suitable for the map,add more car and more map but the game is very amazing,i spent most of my time playing this game a long time ago,it's very good,pls add more asian map like korean japanese and chinese
leafy peach : decent game,but the controls are kindly tanky,also there should be some motivation to play,it's not very interesting to open this app.
solomon mutonga : this game is awesome try it out it will always keep a smile on your face it has many cars to unlock and also many place to drive in .i wish i could rate it seven stars
raunak mandal : just feel the cost of buying the next area should be a bit lower. playing the same area over and over again after completing the achievements just to earn postcards can be tiring.
k. a. l. perera : not bad at all, but please make the controls more easier! great if you can add a day-night cycle for the game. it's a really good game, but needs to improve.
miguel terrami : i think the game it's quite entertaining, the graphics and gameplay are very easy to use but the gold earning is too low compared to the object prices
johnny pcgamer : pretty cool game if you can get control over your car. way to fast to be able to maneuver tight turns and lane shift. is there brakes in the game?
luke adventures : crappy brake suck steering suck . ads omg ads pop-up every 3-5 seconds causing game to restart from the beginning what's even better i paid for the ad-free version!!? $2,75 for increase in ads ! i thought ad-free ment no more ads ?. not more ads
jd sexton : played 5 times and i really like it! i think it needs more modes or options though; feels a little "light" so far
nicholai : addicting gameplay, beautiful graphics, lots of content which takes ages to unlock, too many bugs.
ethan laurente : really great game. i would definitely recommend to someone who likes driving games, the only problem i have are the controls but other than that it's good
jakub lelakowski : the best game out there, a few endless maps, a ton of cars. i can say that ads in this game don't exist bc they are so well placed so they don't annoy you.
ty robinson : i was playing it before the 'upgrade your car' update and still enjoyed it, this app is not a scam like many others. it is a great car game and for drifter, not like my self but i still enjoy it. my best so for is 1567
akhil chandran : nice game. i mostly like the comments of the driver. its ausome. and mainly the fuel station and police and so on. seems good. actually my brother never like any games i download but he like it very much and its on his mobile too download now for the journey of #drive.
maria pena : one of the best road trip game ever. the music those classic music and desert cop car chases just gives me those ride vibes. i'm glad i found this perfect game for me finally.
alexandra : its a really fun game with a simple mechanic. it takes a little time getting used to the controls of the car, but else it's plenty of fun!
bradley reddy : i enjoyed the retro feel with modern technology. for all you true car fans. here you go, the cannonball run on your screen.
ahmed adnan : the graphics and gameplay are great but it would've been better if the game had a skippable ad after every play rather than an unskippable ad after every 5 plays
abdul raheem : one of the worst game i have ever played.. man these game does not even have sense of sensitivity level, how much i increase or decrease it stays that level and its endless mode argh! its worst idea of game developer or maker sorry man i have ti say.(don't get hurt keep trying, trying makes man perfect)
aleksandar cvetanovski : everything it's right in the description of the game,its just with the type of the game-if you like this type you will like this one,for me with this progress its what this kind lf game should feel like,and like every game a place for improvement and way to do so, hopping that new eprovements will be liked by players,like thay say "the devil is in the details"
prosiac magician : it's graphics,controls and features are better than any other game . it has no ads between the levels . and that is all i love
jeronimo loaiza : it's very very funny, her best aspect is all the style, the classics cars, the scenario, the music, all environment is perfect
malcolm giles : it's good. graphics are great. controls good once getting use to the sensitivity, and the all around idea is good.8/10
will treasure : simple game that's pretty fun and really easy to pick up. it's got decent graphics and music and isn't completely overbearing with adverts
venkyrolls royce : good graphics..great concept, but the worst controls in the history of gaming. really very very poor driving dynamics.
bagus arief : fun simple game the control need a bit to getting used to, the add is not all over the place, which is nice, and the graphic is charming, nice game overall
_ painter : very talented, abnormal, creative, innovative game i love every small detail that is well done in it. willing to see more such an amazing game... never played a driving game like this before.
bad english sry : cars a bit wobbly for me taste. also dude is always whining about low gas when u miss a gas station even if you have like 80+% gas. other than these this game is lovely. no freemium garbage. amazing artstyle. dope gameplay. different from all the other bootleg garbage in here just copying each other
jin kazana : been with drive from the start, a lot has changed but all for the better, love the new content and graphics.
catalyst : all ingame sounds ar muffled on oneplus 7!! everything sounds weird as if the game has crashed. everything else except the sounds are okay. fix this and i will rate 5 stars.
executive : i find it a great game, it was on my recommended page and i love it now. it would be a big deal if you take in suggestions for cars or new content but i still think this game is great. keep up the good work
yavs kuhlefiso : worth my time! this game is amazing... i'd only delete it for one reason: it keeps me staring on my phone more than i should, and that's not good for my eyes. y'all remember to take breaks. #drive
tanjo : fun - different to the usual style of games i play (online action/racing games), but i absolutely love it! would highly recommend for people to give it a go.
anthony di liberto : not even 2 minutes into the game, i am forced to watch a 30sec ad. then another minute and a half and forced to watch another ad.... uninstalling is the best part of this "game"
erick cardozo : zero stars is too much for this bull cr*p. the game is almost unplayable. the hardest controls i've ever seen. the graphics in nothing resembles the trailer. don't waste you time with this trash.
shodipo olushola : nice graphics, great sounds and cool voice over but the lanes are a bit tiny not widen enough for the drift and speed needz to be adjusted
gundyer : i really like the appearance and style of this game. the commentary makes the game feel more lively. it's pretty addicting and it's satisfying to try and beat your past record.
james howse : 1st off i downloaded this game because the graphics are cool them the like theme of the game is that game i like to play and it would probly get 5 stars but 1st level is so hard that you can't even get past gotta give a donut and fill up gas 3 times you barely can hold handle the car they need to make the game a little bit easier i mean i play a lot of games and i just you can't even stay on the road
vignesh r : excellent game! hats off to the team for the constant new content! loved it way more than a lot of others. must have for leisure.
ixniy evonniy : intrusive bug in cars menu just destroys it all. keys menu just suddenly randomly opens when pushing any button. game is great btw
shawn jones : love the are style. game play is challenging for those who don't game much on there phones. and as always the ad are annoying
andy barahona : really a good game, good graphics, a lot of cars and upgrades. it needs more places and that stuff.
parashiva murthy k : this is a great game . so in the next update, it can be great if they add : 1) the little orange plymouth valiant car from the film duel (1971), which was a great movie 2) the ford taurus car from robocop
tony c : i really wanted to like this game, as countless others have said the graphics and the music are good, but the controls are awful.
gustavo nunez : it's even one of my favorite mobile games, because it doesn't obligate you to watch an add cause you just died, and the graphics are amazing, it's sooooo beautifull, and take the chance of everithing and makes a good game, even for a paid game
gafar yusif : i just love the game . if not the best its one of the best phone games i've played. amazing gameplay. nice choice of graphics. just please drop a sequel !!
reuben preut : awesome game, cool old school cars. sometimes the controls are unresponsive so you drive right into a wall.
omar ocon : controls are simple. graphics are swell. in level one still. just a great play.
berry meadow : this game is the best. the music, the quotes, the view. everything. i only took away one star because it is so hard to get a car and go to a new level. but still. its perfect
fred jones : nice game but can you create an easier way to control the car. like by tilting the phone to steer instead of the buttons.
z fox : a great little driving game, with free updates every now and then. looking forward to the next location and new cars!
pranshu kachhadiya : game is amazing. the variety of cars, driving physics, everthing is perfect. i really appreciate the efforts put by developers in this game.
soumen dhar : very good game. relaxing graphics and really loved the gameplay. hope to get more cars of the 80's.
yashesh bhavsar : the concept is so good and graphics are perfect for this game... but controls needed to be improved!
sean-joseph mccann : cute graphics, but atrocious controls. it's like driving a bar of soap with a delayed stimulus response. ultimately, just plain unsatisfying.
adrianna lemasters : the game is pretty good other than the fact that the gas stations aren't working for me? i don't know if anyone else is having this problem but i'll go through them and it isn't refilling. ads are annoying but most app store games are the same way. other than that, i don't have many complaints.
anas ebrahim : can't apply break more than one time. is there any car like this in the world you can run without a break at a high rate of speed in a small way with lot of curves and dangers. what a foolish concept. who made this game, don't you have common sense. pleas use your commonsense while making next game.
ash lord : amazing graphics! it would be great if there's strech to full screen option that will removes black bars
trok beep : this really is an awesome game the controls are hard at first but you get it pretty easily. 10 out of 10 would recommend this to everyone
arun junai : this game is great,my only doubt is why this game is just 5m+ downloads,i love this game and all the graphics are great.. no.words to explain such extraordinary graphics with cool environment.
tim cherneka : after an update some time ago some people couldn't open the app (including me)... anyway here's the solution: go to settings>apps>#drive>storage, and clear data. after that just launch the game again. : )
the-bot : one of the best and very creative games. loved it, although the controls were hard to master.
sairaj gupta : very good game only the fact i not like is the cars in toy box it makes us difficult to find cars apart from that the game is superb and the new cities to explore are mind blowing
nail karajic : brakes are useless, drift is useless. cars are driving crazy. and little hit on car or something end its over. fix controllers and money getting.
adukwu jeremiah : pretty good game. the only problem is the controls or should say handling. it swerves sharply and i have adjusted the sensitivity
asa : this game is ok but you need to improve the drive, the hit, the animations, the physics and a lot more, but your game is fun.
lukasz baranowski : very good. it's fun to play, and very nice scenery. although it is a bit of a grind to get more cars and difficult sometimes to steer.
ser. pifoo : the graphic is good but the music isnt. it becomes boring after playing a bit more than usual.it would be better if more musics were available
ajay persaud : really good game, nonetheless. it's easy to get cars of your a active driver on this game. i played for 10 minutes, good music, cars, and stats.
kristian gibson : interesting game that once you play enough you understand more. mechanics aren't terrible but does take time to get used to.
brad thomas : it would also be great if you could have the user be taken to the specific car when taping of it's specific key when on the "#collect" game scene.
db : tripe! privacy setting don't work, take you to an 'unauthorized' web page. game crashed or hung within first 10-15 seconds of play - every time. using a galaxy note 9.
jaidyn hymes : this is the best driving game i have ever played.the controls are a little hard at first but you get used to them.there is a large variety of vehicles and maps.this game is good for if your bored.
a human : great endless runner (driver) and its easy on the microtransactions. also has premium ad free version.
dominic begay : #drive is a pretty great game. a large selection of vehicles mixed with different locations to drive in makes it pretty good. i forgot to mention how gorgous it is. also, car
mayank vashishth : it is a fun endless driving game; i am in love with the graphics; lot more can be added to the game like introducing south america & australia locations; bikes can be introduced norton 500; looking forward to further updates, cheers to the developer team!
davin cowie : honestly, perfect game. best game i've seen on mobile in a while it's not ridden with ads it looks great and the gameplay is actually fun unlike most games that get deleted after 5 mins
lucas evanochko : pretty game, easy enough to pickup and start. maybe a bit slow to progress, lots of options to continue by watching a vid here or there.
h.t. : it is so good! please keep adding more interesting maps and eggs! it is exciting and funny and adventurous at the same time.
christi talks : a very good and fun filled game the controls are good but i can't find brakes option which you said is added to the game yet the graphics and gameplay makes it quite a good game to pass my time cheers guys
ezra gama : the game was brilliant and got addicted so people try it for example the variety of cars the person that talks well u drive so the games cool.
julian yo hedenborg : the best about this game is the name of the vehicles. very humourous. very straight forward and fun game. highly recommended for petrolheads who need some casual game to play from time to time.
resnard lapiz : it would be nice if i wouldn't have to stroll through a bunch of cars just find the ones that i own. but i love the gameplay and the graphics.
ka lu : hmmm... reminds me of pako it just feels better... dunno even if these games are cousins or something... i am not into cars or racing but it got me really fast,even progress is not that slow... love it 10/10
colby kirton : love the game but i paid for no ads and after the recent update i have lost that purchase, maybe it's my fault but i cant find a restore purchase button in the game.if its fixed i would restore my 5 star rating
pig : the game art is quite compelling with the stunning visuals always a joy to play comparing with the minimal size of the game.
billy ch. : one of the best games i've ever played haha. it's pretty fun to play and simplistic. the difficulty rises and i like it. it's challenging.
d!ok_ x4 : its a fun game! they should start adding kool new retrowave songs as radio station music, that could be the next big thing in game,where you can showcase music from smaller artists in a separate radio station with music from bigger artists as well,like gta 5 radio
marko : nice design,but that's all,controls are terrible and breaking is pointless,needs a lot more work!
pavithran : perfect game to play offline , awesome classic cars despite being hard to see how the car is (like seeing around)but overall the game is great do download.
sugra amin : this game is the best. awesome graphics and easy controls too. i would really reccomend this game to all long road and drift car lovers
vaishakh krishnan : this game never opens, all my other apps are opening and even the newly downloaded apps are opening then what is the problem with this app. the game rarely opens when i open from play store pls fix or tell me if it's some problem with my phone
j.o. g. : this game is loads of fun, and it definitely brings it with the driving and drifting energetic physics of the gameplay.
bo randolph : game is good, a bit repetitive. adds aren't terrible, but everything in game is quite expensive encouraging you to pay real money.
ooh aah : this is a solid game, without manipulative microtransactions on every screen! i would recommend giving this one a try!
mohammed wasiq : overall good.. controls could be better. sensitivity is very high as i cant able to steer correctly...
y jim : i like the concept of this game! it looked simple and fun! my suggestion on the improvement will be to actually make it an online game! versus many players world wide
hatlabu farkas : sucky brakes. this is a better title for this game. no working brakes, and steering in same time. added a truckload of ads .
sam myatt : can't play the game on my samsung s10+ as it won't connect to my google play profile. tried disconnecting internet before opening app, then let's me get past to play but can't connect afterwards even when pressing the button to do so. please fix, game looks up my street.
ajith valsan : controls seem too wayward. reduces playability in my opinion. graphics and gameplay are top notch.
han sun : awesome little game that has more stuff packed within then meets the eye, the drifting mechanic it's actually realistically on point. it was a instant buy for me when i saw the tofu mobile
baudelaire1 h : great game well made and cool. one huge problem the controls are klutzy and slow the steering is hamfisted! no tilt to steer? lame
brody van osdol : it didn't give me a starting car, and in turn i couldn't do anything. it just told me to upgrade this one car to "max coolness" and i didn't have enough coins to.
christian ranslam : horrible, no controller support, car selection menu sucks ,braking and steering are same buttons,'brilliant!' wanted to like it,but needing gas every 30 seconds? stupid
jesg : all about this game is great, you can add some phonk music for the drift racers and maybe a gyroscopic movement controller would fit nice.
corbin vanhecke : the controls are chunky, which leaves the gameplay less controlable. much is left to be desired.
eric mao : controls are sometimes a bit iffy but fun overall, makes use of total screen space and creative use of accelerometers in game menus
mats fritjof : it's really a good game. ads doesn't bother that much. great atmosphere and easy to play yet so enjoyable. awesome job guys. it's a solid 5 star from me.
bigg mack the wack slack : fun, quick, and silly accurate car names that perfectly stereo-type cars manufactured in the us, japan, france, germany, india and that's about it because i cant think of another country that manufactures cars lol.
meme master 2019 : amazing game 10/10 that is if the game did not eat my money i purchased the 4.99 if i remember correctly and then nothing i will wait till tomorrow if my purchase is not there i will consider this as a bug i would appreciate if this was investigated but other than that keep up the good work hope to see the next update soon!
connor schwindt : slaps, just a simple cruising game with the an original style. gotta get rid of ads to get most out of your money.
henry sharp-horan : reallt fun game where you drive infinatly on some sort of road. it has many maps and many vehicles with funny names like the '84 doggo. overall good game.
gabriel oakes : this is really well done, it can be pretty funny given some of the names of vehicles and dialogue. graphics are spot on as well
dantedoppler : i like the game. the cars are pretty nice and extremely accurate to their real life counterparts. fun time killer and worth to play till hours end.
rita catubig : pretty nice i like how are there many options on cars and upgrades but the handling ia so sensitive its fine but the brakea tho and the speed is challenging and fun.keep up the good work.
scott wilson : little twitchy. the turning is just a bit over so it won't line up straight on a straight away. other than that. this game is fun!
barkah rama : for those that think this game is easy, is not. some people say its bad controlling i think you just need spend little bit more time to this game and you know this game need a little pation to get use to, and this game is great
jason crawford : the theme of this game is very well done, it has few mechanics that anyone is able to pick up and doesn't require much time to play. 100% recommend giving it a go.
sheridan janda : has the right controls. perfect for picking up and putting down whenever you need.
mohammad mohammadi harooni : thank you for supporting that's really cool i really enjoyed but you can add some more future - make it possible to upgrade the powerups - add some new powerups such as "unlimited fuel" or "huge money" - you can add some gift boxes on the way and the gift can be selected random - you can add daily missions - please make it possible to add some stickers on cars - add some musics and add future to change them - add new roads - add new dialogs to the game - you can add daily records and global
sophi : good i like the graphics and arcade gameplay but could you make the next map a vaporwave themed, idk just feel like it would go good with the art style of your game either way good game.
hansolo jesoro : i like this game. i give it 5 star because the game is so beautiful and gorgeus. i will never forget this game. but i want an a multiplayer game using wifi. please make the multiplayer it will become more download this game went you add an a multiplayer. i rate this because i love it but can you please put multiplayer please? thank you for reading please do the multiplayer it will become more downloader.
v d : this game is awesome and i can even run high graphics smoothly on low end devices and not to mention the graphics are perfect.
shubhajeet dey seca roll no 80 : this game is really good like playing psp in a tablet. i try every game, but i have to really say that this game's graphic design and the settings are quite good. i like it playing !
golam mostakeem : journey hardly ends with this game. after official missions, car unlock based unofficial mission continues. hard to stop playing. music of every track level is catchy enough to make you play.
steve conlon : it's quite absorbing for a while but the the ads just halt the enjoyment. i've played it for 20 mins now i'm ready to uninstall.
harsh shahi : great, endless fun and the ads aren't too intrusive. great graphics love the artwork and feel of the game. well made, cheers.
jim tolomeo : one of the best driving games in the app store its simple but yet complex. graphics awesome...game play awesome...total experince awesome!!!!!!
usama : i don't usually review but man this is next level. as a game deveoper myself, hats off to the person who developed this game. the most unique and loving thing in this game is of that guy voice in the game. please add some more funny phrases.
jon gotham : looks promising, shame it's ad central. it's a sad state these days where you can't just buy a game for a phone and play that game. greed has taken over so most mobile games are ruined with adverts and silly money making schemes.
cute cell : if i click in left it will go to the super left and if right..., and evry were there is cars this game born to have (no traffic mode), and make on-off for drift because the drift is soooooooo annoying in this game!
a google user : the game is so amazing and it is so cool and addictive in a good way and it makes me happy . the way the game is and how the cars feel when you drive and there are so many cars in the game and don't forget my favorite car the 1985 skoda
vinayak matal : everything good except controls. also swiping through cars in main menu take ages. just a single road to drive on
prakash joshi : game is overall nice but developer should add sone new cars and new maps in the game and one should jump from one map to another map in a game while driving.
legendarycat245 : not gonna lie, yea was little unsure about this at first, i've seen lots of games like this, always repetitive stuff, same thing every time you play and well as this is like those other games there's just something about this...that just makes it more fun, can play it all day and not even get bored of it
ding dong : 4/5. amazing game, good graphics, very interesting, the controls are a little bit hard to get good at especially if you're a beginner like me, i will probably increase this to 5 star son
soniya jannat : game is good,very good.but you should add 2 more maps and add the side roads(left & right) to all maps.also add the horn,multi-player and light system. this game was very nice.but also eadd this featurs,please .good luck,guys.
secretz agenda : waaaaaaaaaay 2 many ads!!! its frustrating when u are learning a game and in the beginning u die fairly often and have to sit thru 20 to 30 sec ads.... uninstalled. too bad cuz the game is really good.
nelson swinamer : easy, fun addoctive game, but it could use a seperate break button as pressing both steering causes alot of mess ups.
sasa o : nice game, but it's little bit too hard for me, due to controls. overall: graphics - 10 music - 10 controls - 4
set : great idea, gorgeous design, but terrible clunky controls. needs overhaul on control element of stored and braking
lucas burkhardt : fun play style, controls are really easy going. i.just hate when ads are forced down your throat.
rukshar : awesome graphics and gameplay. i love it very much. it has n easy handling and one enjoys the game for sure.
socialmediahotdog : quite a fun, nice driving game! very retro like. and i'm not being bombed by ads every 2 seconds, thats good. great!
nexus five : perfect little driving game to zone out with, requires skill and concentration, yet you can play it sort of absentmindedly. love it
oyeniran oluwaseyi : the game is good,well developed graphics but the control are bad and aslo you should try put some more exciting levels that wuld be more challenging
rj : this game is amazing i love it i like how when you reach a certain area in a map there are different towns and that you can add"coolness" to your car. *****
pete allen : good and entertaining but very repetitive and not much longevity. no reason to try and collect all cars.
0bvi0us v1be : the game is good just one thing, the steering is awful at the start, but at the end its to good. but still i really enjoy it thanks!
hannah moon : this is a very underrated game. great controls and being able to play the whole game offline is the cherry on top.
bowen whitlock : pretty neat game. i like the endless run mode. it reminds me of a cross between hill climb racing and smashy road. highly reccomend if you've played either.
hockadgaming : great game for killing time not too many ads and just perfect balance, would like to be added with guestrue but controls are great
seth van ster : this game is super fun and i enjoy it alot but i dont like the way the title screen moves.this game is also an easy way to earn coins and unlock more cars
daithen field : dope game tbh. obviously ads are annoying but at least you can skip them after a short 3-5 seconds. solid game if you like cars.
aditya putra : the car control is a little bit difficult, but thats where the challenge i think. but this game is still fun to play though
mr. liberty : best driving game i've played on mobile it has some old school vibes to it simple but still enjoying , i like if you add a miami map and gta vice city cars in this game since i am a vice city lover! not just me but eny game lover just love to see it! thanks for this game! we love you!
muhammad rafly : i like this game, excellent, nice graphics. but in the next update can you add the frame rate option please? it will make our gameplay experience even better, thank you!
siddhartha auddy : please do add the first person view and the game will be phenomenal. i won't be surprised if it reaches top charts. the game has the potential to be the number one. i hope the devs will take into consideration my request. thank you.
sean auther : it's a decent time killer, but suffers from a pay wall that slows progression to a halt, which i guess is to be expected by mobile games.
shrimp on a chair : easily one of the best endless racing pastimes ever, it's a simple, yet very fun concept.
wesley : this game has alot to it! super fun. moble game dont intrest me much. but ive been playing this one for hours! there are so many cars to unlock. and upgrade. you should try it
samartha venkatramana : best ui.. gameplay is not so intuitive.. well great concept.. i still love it to have controls that use the accelerometer!
tahnin nasrin : great game!! if there is movie maker so i can make fun videos. great graphics if there are more open world maps like leaner park would be great.
nisan sarma : its like a limited edition game, every car has different physics, and graphics is awesome too, i would say hell yeah!
atomic lord : i am very interested on finding out how good ot is as i play more so far i have seen no problems and for a game made in poland its very impressive as i have been there and they don't really go into that side of the technological part of the world
samuel lim : relatively easy controls with amazing cars, maps and graphics make this game an amazing experience.
juan fer tv : it's very funny, maybe a lil bit more missions, and prices... like the visuals and, it felt like a a pro game. like it
abhay singh : i mean just play this game and you will be amazed by graphics and from evrything from this game that u can expect! regular updates, new vehicles added, patch and bug fixes and some more minor updates every month. i am really impressed by this game and i can say this is my one of favourite games on mobile. the developers and the team is really putting efforts to the gaming community and giving gamers an outstanding game. great job devs
harsh kumar : its amazing for for time pass and for enjoyment. its graphics, design, system,sound,pictures etc
james powers : simple but fun. beautiful graphics. intuitive controls. cool car selection.
talha altun : updates are so attractive. in 2019; this game is the best for me. it's already developing and mobile games maybe needs like these specific graphics. if you're bothered by ads, close mobile data / wifi! they're not so much.
abhilekh : except the controls everything is just awesome, the vector and minimalist art style is just great.
samir siam : control system need more optimizationa and also need some more controlling option and in my opinion it will be more fun if there was a brake button.
irfan syauqi : not bad atcually,even though the game have limited of maps,but its okay,challenging enough,and the game doesn't make you boring even though same map,yeah,pretty much great,overall good,goodjob creator
mr l : purchased the "no ads" package and when i restarted the game it wants me to repurchase the same package over. this game is a rip off. do not download or purchase anything from this developer.
aarv singh : i love the game, and definetly its going to be famous soon, just one problem, if you are driving and sometime others are coming from both sides, so there is no way to pass these cars u always have to lose
julian richard : great time killer, love the simple customization options, kinda wish there was a custom colour option, but other than that, great game
gunz : i just started playing and i love it. i love how the car select menu effects adapt to how you hold your phone. i love it when developers pay attention to small details
sir jerkey : really fun, great graphics, crisp sound effects and good voice overs, but the way the camera rotates with the car feels clunky and off-putting
andrew passino : really fun. hard to drive at first but you can learn how to drive easily. great car selection. could due with more trucks. very awsome
adhithian suresh : one of the best driving and drifting games i've played.... excellent graphics... it's the best game if you are a diehard fan of "fast and furious" series
dalton smith : fun little game but the drift mechanic is a little winky and hard to control. controller support would also be nice
akash : easy to learn..... everytime u crash u would like to get back again....it definitely a gem , worth of killing time when u let it to...... thank you very much developer.......
soapsy : best f2p model for a game appreciate the design and looks and it's fun fac factor as well. highly appreciate the developers insight for the art rather than stealing the credibility by predatory micro transactions. thanks for the experience and would appreciate to support the developer.
spear paschal : this would be a really cool game if the controls were better. the controls are terrible & cause unneeded stressful gameplay
monsters dock : love the gameplay, love the cars and yeah, the handling is a bit tricky and hard but indeed it feels like the arcade game from '80s.
sani musa : this game is lit. i like the graphics, the cars and the diffrent climate zones but wish there where more missions and music
j5 : awesome offline game! there are tons of cars and stages to collect and play in and i love the graphics overall. %100 would recomend!
robbie darwis : make some events and rewards in every season. make it like a limited car model that can only be obtained from the event, and also a new location that is adjusted from the event theme. so that players don't feel bored.
noah darnell : by far the best game for me of 2021, love the simple controls and the enjoyable scenes, the cars are beautifully modeled.
rachel b : it's a super cool aesthetic and the graphics are really nice. it's a fun way to waste spare time
r padimore : enjoyable but controls still need a little tuning. just a little to unresponsive at times.
matiss villeruss : quite booring game i must say or maybe i was expecting a bit more than just simple good old grinding game. and i uninstalled it after i got an ad popping up after race. i hate forced ads when you get nothing in return
kilaru kartheek : i have read through the reviews and found that many people found the game controls a bit hard including myself. one thing to improve this is way advance indication of fuels, doughnuts and repairs. another improvement can be increasing the icon size of those indications
oliver badstue : fun nad engaging game, the controls feel a bit slow and heavy, but all in all i recommend it.
raymond : i enjoy that's an infident runner tpye of game, but what makes it even better are the voice lines in the game. now i hace someone to judge my driving and complain every time i miss a gas station.
prakhar srivastava : absolutely loved this game. easy controls, challenging, addictive and great gameplay.
hemant mundane : it is such a darling game i've ever played, this game is co-operative more than i thought.. just need a steering wheel control and it will be a completely cool game...
reynald ryanto : something new for me... great graphics, great traffic (it's challenging), and the cars is great!!
edge celize : pretty fun you move pretty quickly from crashing to restarting, decent visuals control takes a bit to get use to though
evan the gaming pocket : i like it, it's just a fun. fast paced racer, i wish you vould disable motion controls on menu.
fartssquadruleshehs : very good game!! it has good graphics, love the narrarator, and it has many cars that look old and lands well done
miguel aidan nabora : good app for killing time i wish there's a mountain road, skyway with others types of transportation like big tuck, trains, and driving in the beach when theres an ocean, i hope you make a night mode ride and thats more relaxing to play with a radio saound track. and what if theres a people in pedestrian hahahahaha just kidding
espio419 : very fair f2p model and fun game. could use tilt control though as the touch controls are a little wonky.
kenzie viriya : overall gameplay is great! good graphics, good music choices. looking more into newer updates :)
tet : this would be a perfect arcade car game if it did not have ads. besides that, this game is freakin' awesome!
william lock aka bukii : so far this game is great but you meed to add more to it like an online destruction derby and more levels amd jump modes just add more to this and it will be forever great and probably be a #1 game someday
j. eberhart : not to bad. graphics are great. bit of a challeng though if you don't get the control sensitivity just right
stan lee : its a pretty solid game. fun to play but i guess somewhat easy to play so adding more traffic or something to make it more challenging
alex simms : i don't like the game. the turning is super sensitive and also delayed feeling. i constantly had to battle oversteering. and before anyone says i need to git good. you can go fork yourself. peace out mofos!
tiny sailors world travels : best game every i love the graphics the cars and the cars they look like the 80's! not it not looks like it is! lol it's not it's 2020
hamza abdulbaki : this game is actually so cool it have more than 100 cars and the effects are so good and the animation is cool . thank you
william cox : plays for about a minute, then kicks me out to my phones home screen, go to menu and the app is still running, start to play, the same thing again
132- kulkarni atharv : it's very good but the thing is that the car goes way fast! and it is literally impossible to control it.other than that it is a very good game.keep it up.
thatoneguy : literally drive it's amazing. also the car models aren't stupid and weird also has unique game experiences and things that arent common in many other car games.
riolugaming : from what i've played so far this game is very amazing fast-paced fun gameplay is all i've had so far so many cars to unlock so many tracks to play on it's just amazing
soumya n : rather you should add atleast a steering wheel or provide sensor based driving...it's so irritating... whenever i'm pressing the turn ..it's an accident
robert christian : it's a pretty good and well done game ! also, i absolutely loved the references to the real cars. it's a really cool game and i am not used to keeping mobile games in my cellphone but this one definetely worths it
kunfuzed reyna : very good game, i like to spend money but i didn't see no purchase menu. other than that it's a very good endless driver.
anuraag korchipati : i would have loved it, but it's just not my kind of a game. it's really well done game, but i would prefer a game which showed my steering and brakes, but then it hide the beautiful game. so it's a good game in short
lv 08 : this game is fun but it gets boring overtime, maybe add other game modes, and multiplayer would be a nice addition. anyways, great job
mike hayes : beautiful game. very stylish and fun. would greatly appreciate some adjustability in the control scheme
mirage : pretty fun so far. i just hate the straight on collision ends your turn. wish it did bigger damage instead of instant kill.
peter nguyen : this game is awesome and fun. however, i still think that there should be better images for when the car crashes and the smoke comes out of the engine.
brad kutcher : unplayable. cant even load the first level. it does nothing but crash. would give it a zero if i could.
artem uskov : the game is really cool, the cars and the mechanics. the graphics look fantastic 5/5
bren robar : fun little game, simple enough mechanics, graphics are nice and the voice-over isn't too often or overtly obnoxious.
mehras irani : great performance and great graphics, but ads every single time? maybe you fix the break performance so i dont have to watch ads every single minute?
mark astfo : worst game ever, the car keep moving even if you want to slow it down or to stop it. in my opinion it should not move as long i don't press the gas button. even though that button doesn't exist as for now.
martin koretic : would be awesome if you put some classic mercedes lookalike in the game. other than that, game is excellent and im happy to see it grow everyday into a remarkable game!
raw films india : one of its kind country ride experience with real easy controls yet exciting and challenging and gripping.
agil hasyim : coolest car game i've ever play. simple gameplay and beautiful visual. well done guys, keep it up!
michael cunningham : game is rather good in most aspects, i purely uninstalled this game due to so many ad's, after you drive twice you get a 30 second ad. nah ill pass thanks.
ap4746 : should add more features like,perks,power up,custom accessories,limited skin/event,special side effects etc.. btw its a fun and attractive game, easy to control but hard master
mohammad hosseini : well, good graphics and gameplay, it's something new, but the rewarding system is really funny, if you score 15 it gives you 1 postcard and if you score 1000 it gives you 2 postcards, really funny
kawaii fudge : everything in this game is great but the controls the brakes are horrible and the steering is way to sensitive but other than that it's great
david gomera : easy to learn, hard to master. ads are pretty minimal and not invasive. overall a great time killer or when you're on the go. 10/10
sameer kumar thakur : the graphics of this game is very cool and simple and the cars can be modified.if it has cars like lamborghini and ferrari it would be the coolest game.
red hot : graphic is good, but i dont understand how to play this game!!! the road is the same all the way long... camera view cannot be changed... improving it can make u rich!!!
sh m : i love this game it is a world calss driving game and really dosent amke you bored and if it does just guve my comment a dislike i am really into it its a good game a game that everyone anyone anywhere can play and its of a small size too and why not you will download it if you can get it in such a small size and that too free !!i definatley recommend it to others and i am pretty sure you will love this game!
abhijeet deshmukh : fantastic game and really addictive. should have had more of locations though that would've been worthy of 5 stars. i hope you'll add more through upgrades.
paul tremonti : nice art direction. take note of poor steering changes. lost a star; brakes are useless.
ryzor : the best time killer ever the controls are easy to control it's fun figuring out how each car works and it's fun as all hell
psy dragon : a great time burner of a game, has plenty of reasonably progression with tight controls that need mastery.
klaidi cufe : really nice game. maybe the prices are a bit high considering the variety of cars but it's really not a big problem imo.
eri grootonk : it's a cute game, good time killer as far as i'm concerned. spent the $3.50 to remove ads as they really interrupt the flow of the game.
poowater 340 : really fun and cool but you could add more maps and have different voices for the speaker. apart from that, awesome game
martin kungys : i have never reviewed any app i have downloaded, but this is no regular app. this is the best game i have ever downloaded and it is inexplicably fun. i have wasted hours on this game but the funny thing is, it didn't feel like a waste. this is the best game ever and it needs to succeed. download it now.
aditya bisht : this is 5 star game. i am requesting pixel art to make mountain driving game with good bus and truck on difficult mountain roads. i have never seen mountain difficult driving games on play store like i don't see euro truck simulator 2 in play store
smit thakkar : graphics gaming experience is totally great but how abt tilt option for driving it suits best.... need some improvement on this.
rio nevin : a very very well made indie game. there are a few minor bugs but they dont detract from the overall experience. i think the gnotsia is a sign that russia is coming soon! also, sahara and mountaineous map (himalaya, andes/ macchu picchu) would be awesome!
jaspher tandoc : cool game, refreshing graphics. as a car enthusiast, i really dig the ol' road trip vibe of this game. a nod to the developers.
parkinson sniper : extremely non realistic physics and hard to control the car.. uninstalled it after a couple of minutes.
thomas dawson : great game and lovely graphics with a great gameplay, the has been fine but now works for 10 secs and then crashes since one of the updates
jacob s : it is definitely a fun game. however, i think it would be nice to add more ways to earn caps. not like an excessive amount. just enough to help out a bit
asterism : could you guys try to add an super ultra graphics? so that the gameplay is more interesting and awesome to play with? i would really love it! and of course i would rate it 5 star next time
elzar everything : cool, traditional with a tweak, car drive/chase game. kudos, developer. love your cool ideas. always upgrading and improving game. kudos.
doom badger : once i paid to get rid of the ads it became a great game. please add an option to push out the draw distance.
i dont know : roads are way to thin for a car that bearly drives,its like the roads are always made from ice you cant control the car,and if thats the point of the game,to drive and crash into everything then no thanks
josh sadoff : the game is your standard skinner box pay to win bs but thats standard for all games these days. this is a particularly nasty asset flip that has a unclosable rating prompt. always give your player the option to not rate your game or you will be rated appropriately.
desi gnated : fun to play and a neat little way to spend some time, definitely worth the $3.50 to remove ads already.
marcel wozniak : i'm not disappointed. if it wasn't fully enjoyable without ads i wouldn't consider paying to remove them, now i've at least considered it.
tiredbro : this game is a good offline game to pass the time. lovely graphics, decent mechanics, lots of fun.
rd singh : impossible to control car. and in first tutorial car did not collect caps instead caps stayed above the car and there is no option to jump buggy game
arfa azmi : i like this game a lot.but i tried to crash my car into the train because i want to see what happens the only way to do this is you have to apply breaks when you are near the railway tracks.
doja cow : dear developers, the game is very cool, the controls are convenient, the game does not cease to be boring. but i have a couple of ideas for improving the game, where can i write these ideas for you to read?
a google user : the handling could be a bit better. but great game altogether, beautiful graphics, good job.
jahn fahler : i'm a big fan of endless runners, and this game definitely made it's way onto my list of favorites. there's some room for improvement, but the developer seems to be good about bringing updates.
dean heathcote : chill driver... is it like jetpack joyride? under it's skin it sure is; but it looks nice and it's a decent balance of pick-up and play versus bit of skill.
harshith s : update is good for 360. am for other vehicles but sadly the cars are in black so 360 cam is useless and colors can't be changed
jamesey : my #1 favorite racing game on google play. let me know if you need suggestions for a second version or if you even plan to make a second version.thanks so much!
christopher fogg : couldn't even link my google play account. all i got was the spinning wheel of boredom on the privacy screen after it tried to link my google play account. never even got to get into the game. deleted.
dawn : this game is pretty fun and addicting, i like it a lot, but one thing that is of concern as of rn, is that i am worried about running out of maps to drive on.
anthony efx : awesome game . liked it so much i wanted to show support by buying in game money the 3.99 bubdle. disappointed to see that it doesn't also take away ads like in most games if you buy something
neil messelmani : excellent graphics, controls require a bit getting used to, bit overall excellent, love the puns and "easter eggs"
whelmsley birkshire : saw pile of ads before could figure out how to play. no tutorial. you are on your own. deleted after 10 min - waste of time.
aditya krishnan : i love it.. the controls.. are wobbly which good in its own way... and whenever.. i feel bored.. and don't have anything to do.. this game helps me out by a lot. really love it..
keith dantzler : simple and fun. basically a different version of outrun but no ferarri. barely any ads. this is how games should be.
farhat shakeel : respected developer, i would have given this game 5 stars if there would have been an option for steering to drive the car. hope you would understand.
jun gloria : the game is fun so far the controls got me confused when i downloaded it but after a few retries got the hang of it and i am having fun with the game can't deny giving a 5 star review:d
aryan naik : really cool game. the only issue is the controls are way less sensitive the sensitivity picks up really fast
joshua bardsley : everything works as intended, good graphics, customizable controls, and just enjoyable gameplay
steve fuller : okay game, garages ect come up way too fast making it almost impossible to enter them, good idea nice gfx but not a game that interests me, a bit on the silly side, uninstalled after first level started but after i completed how to levels
doctor lime : it's a cool game, it isn't very demanding of your phone and ads are optional. good way to spend free time.
shubham jaydeokar : exceptionally truly addictive game. being pixel, this game has definitely satisfied the smoothness and movie-like story gameplay, to our expectations. loved this game a lot.
ryan walton : love zen mode option. but normal mode is far too sensitive for crashes. please allow some fender benders.
faris razannafi : one of te best casual racing game i've ever played, i'm definitely recommending it. the game has very unique and definitely awesome graphics
ilya yakovlev : great game! stylish visuals, nice typography and music. each car even has it's own logo!
rob weston : 2nd time ive written- have now had enough. have pushed myself as far as i can go with this game. uninstalled. sick and tired of starting a new game everytime i brush by a car of building. why cant we have, say 3 chances of hitting other cars/buildings b4 we die??? really disappointed. has so much potential. are you listening??
rjthesinsay : the game is good although i would say you'd have a hard time playing if you are to good at games it is easy for me to play but lots of other people may find it difficult to play but im guessing its not supposed to be that easy in the first place.
winnie suwarni : the game is good..but the stability of it kinda bother me escp when i turn or drifting sometimes it lags..pls improve the stability of the game for this 1.3 gb ram device
suraj tiwari : the car handling is too hard. that aspect maybe its differentiating factor, but that also ruins it.
david george : it's okay. the ingredients of a fun game are in there but the final recipe isn't a tasty dish of reacing joy. i recommend horizon chase over this.
kabeer hashmi : yep, definitely one of my favourite racing games,the concept and artstyle are the one thing that make this game much more worth while.
yugarth sharma : i just love it, it's both soothing and awesome at the same time.. and love the new halloween-themed dry crumbs map, it's super atmospheric!
shanmu crisron : the best game ever. the controls seem difficult at first. but now i feel like this is the most comfortable controls man.
bayu chandra sukma : controls might get slippery-feely at first but the game is enjoyable. the voiceover is decent, i love how the guy put efforts at doing one.
joseph dixon : very nice game to play and very fun! the ads are not intrusive and there's not many of them. you do have the option to disable them for a small fee. great game overall.
gino lee : i just don't like the way the car responds. it's like a drifting game at low speeds. and i don't mind ads, but the ads in this game are loooong
rushed_username : first i got it cause the cars looked nice but now i'm hooked it's pretty fun and it's cool to get the cars and drive them please add more levels and cars in the future
anubis fox : best endless driving game hands down. one request tho can we have a speedometer? miles per hour for us americans and kilometers per hour for the rest of the world? otherwise absolutely fantastic! my favorite game on mobile.
albert john h. borci : i love it. the first 5 minutes of gameplay i already got addicted to this although the controls may be a bit hard but nonetheless the gameplay and graphics are super amazing
manu misra : after the recent update the game became unstable,the collection tab opens automatically if we scroll through cars,car turns left automatically while playing.
random videos : amazing! fun graphics, good voiceover, addictive gameplay...everything for the perfect worth-a-while game.
jacob pashley : this game is really fun i like it. it starts easy and gets harder people may find it hard but the more you play better you get. i think you should try this game
segar letchumanan : it is very fun to play i like this game because it is hard and the graphics is great and i rarely see any ads like the games i play.
prashant : it's beautifully created. sound effects and that eagle flew over the road and controls are decent. thankyou devs for making this game.
harsh vaya : this is one of the best games i have ever played... they have an attention to detail and their different towns hit the game with a lot of excitement and the cars i love them
syed danial : very beautiful game.love the gameplay and the missions.impressive graphics and stunning maps. a great game to release your stress.
salman roushan mazumder : great! it's not that easy and it's really goooood! the graphics, the tracks.. really good..
clash journey : like it.... it's perfect to get more cociaous and to get more control.... it's a great game for players who love to play small medium tasky games.... without any tension.... so 4/5 #conceptual_base #ironguy
jayden clairmont : it's pretty good so far. the controls are straightforward but the handling is a little difficult to get a hang of.
luqman azeem : i really don't like the new halloween theme on the 1st map. it ruined the fun and colorful vibes of the game which made it so fun.
nxtlvlsht dzeko : game's good but challenge and acutally needs you to gain skill for experience. the down side is that there is no tilt control
matthew beeson : decent controls and an interesting concept, the ads bog down the experience though.
anthony romain jr : super easy to get into and very addictive when you get the hang of the controls! great game!!
teh gaming dude : not bad for a mobile game, not the best for sure, but it has great graphics, but it unfortunately lags just a little on my phone and that's enough for me to mess up, it's not bad though, just not really my type of game.
ar yuvan : #89 number car missing add it pixel team i'm waiting for them. superb game,i enjoy it. brake option is few minites, extension of long time. this game suitable of nfs se gameplay.
jace roman : pretty solid mobile game just wish there was more levels to unlock and a audio slider but other than that pretty solid.
sudhanshu verma : overall game is good. gives a new perspective on endless run games. only issue is with ads.
rafael denardi : sweet graphics and keeps you hooked for the right amount of time. perfect for completionists!
hamna kabeer : vey best best best game i have ever played. play it you will like it and if you are tired of ads turn off your internet connection. and boom. it works nicely. best and my last words are download this game
sagi anil : you will like the game if you play it for a while. you have to know the way to control the car. once you are familiar with the controls this would be the best game you would ever play.
ebikatsu : great graphics, nice gameplay, love it doesn't like pako2 it's work smoothly and better graphics can you add another camera position, it's feels a bit uncomfortable for me
atty vic : you can't have a reason not to like this game, from gameplay to graphics and controls...it is superb. the developer has done a great job here, kudos! what are you waiting for, install and enjoy!
tenable drake : never would've believed driving could be so addicting ! just wish there were different camera angles and more maps.
mihai vartolomeu : nice 5 minutes of play but is impossible to predict when the different shops are coming up. so i don't have time to break and i get to crash in a light pole.
ace knightgaming : edit: got to challenge lvl 19, you guys have already put the car and it's cool paint job. can you put the mountain down pass also? i really want to drift through those hairpins in the game :)
vix : i like it! i want an option to change the wheels for the cars because i wanna let them look better. and add like ferrari,lamborghini and other cars from the 80s
ethan _ : this is one of the best driving games i have ever played,do you thing you can add a mistery item that makes you lift up other cars and throw it at the police that are chasing you thanks for listening.
enola syawla : well i hate games when the drift is along with fixed screen tilt movement...please keep an option of free drift without screen movement....would really appreciate it.....#love 4 creators n developers!!!!
buttered nutt : this game looks great, and i love the classic cars in it, i think they even put in some bozuzoku type cars (sorry if i spelled it wrong)
markov shoggoth : completely fine. a nice little game that reminds me of older flash games. ads are not that intrusive compared to other mobile games.
lucas ford : really relaxed and cool, great for car journeys, 60s and 70s style cars from europe america and asia, super good fun.
justin cole : really fun and challenging, game looks great, lots of cars and customization options
denver : the game is great but honestly i'm disappointed, it doesn't have gyroscope control in game (while driving) but it had it in the menu. i love the game but now i'm uninstalling. dear play store notify me if they add it in an update
aleksandr golubtsov : addicting! very enjoyable, doesn't eat up too much battery. not a huge fan of the brake setup but i haven't checked the settings yet. well done!
drifts : really cool game. fun and simple to play with no internet connection required. physics could be improved but they're good enough for now.
charaline dreemurr : the game runs very well +2, it has a nice art style +2, a wide variety of cars +2, but the game sould including more powerups -1. my final score? i give it a 5/10
ahura erfan : earning money is so slow but upgrade cost are cheap color are limited it was better if there was any day challenge and car garage is not so good personally take long to find my ride
manakh jyoti phukon : great game, finally something to spend some time with. graphics is cool and the game runs fine.
a b : all i experienced was ads...and then more ads. i played a total of a min and was already on my 2nd ad....just take the game and ads and shove it.
s.pratik soren : graphics wise good. gameplay wise good. that voice is distracting. smooth game okay. camera settings would have been great..
george macgyver : this game is realy cool, maybe if you can add more cars and places to play, it will be more fun. overall this game is great.
dan the man 0318 : as a car nut, i love playing this game to spend some time. i have a location request: please make a coastal themed australian location to drive on. btw love the new tofuyama map! very fun
pruthvi : i can't play this on mobile phone how it's steering. it not tilt or not touch. how i drive car. really it's worst on mobile phone. if i can do something tell me.
javier ortega iii : it's a very simple game with well done controls. i enjoy the animations as well.
jagannath mardi : just awesome...wish there were kind of challenges or missions to complete which would make it even more better.
sahand mousavi : man! i'm a guy who likes games like pako 2 and games with the same graphics. but this is something like 5 times better! i thank pixel perfect dude a lot for making this games.
stef triv : you could add angry drivers, that is when you hit a random car on the side it could speed up and follow you while it hits you like a police car.
kevin alvianto setiawan : surprisingly good. easy to play, i mean its enjoyable. nice graphics, nice control, nice gameplay.
captainham gaming : this game is very good, but it would be better if you could accelerate yourself and braking doesn't require you to press both sides of your phone.
mitchell cusimano : kinda boring. maxed out first 2 cars and even spent an actual dollar in game. driving sensitivity is bad and laggy. not really that fun
romeo palcoto : i love this gamw because everytime you level up you get a car! and im so happy that theres a ae86 in this game like initial d! but i wish there was upgrades like speed,handling,etc
lloyd green : nice game. its a very good driving game and you know what i acctually like how they do the tutorial. and when you get gas and stuff. and the most funniest part is when you get the donut and then throw it on the police hahaha
hugh miller : glitchy and frustratingly annoying to control, extremely un user friendly, steering mechanics are manic and all over the place.
ajeet dhillon : amazing game!! must download this great graphics in 64 mb its really too good but you think this is easy but its too hard to drive but amazing!! there is a lot of variety of vehicles to drive. so download this wonderful game. #drive
couric : honestly a blast. the developers had me at burnbee and hachitofu. you can tell whoever created this game is a lover of vehicles and i respect that. it's all around good fun. thank you for this. edit: just saw the wego x'd hahahahaha.
emil gabrielyan : fenominal gameplay, graphics, and art style. a lot of work has been put into this and it pays off.
kondaks gas masks and gaming : this game is a really fun time killer. it has assisted me with my coordination. i also really like the art style in this game. overall just really good.
vincenzo gasolio : great drifting fun! nice graphics and physics too. a bit slow to unlock new tracks
michael grossenbacher : installed it, then saw how many ad partners are there (hundreds!!!) and uninstalled without to think again to play it. a plus is the more or less good pointer that they use ad partners!
hybrid : it's really nice the grapics are really amazing also the controls are really great same as the gamplay, i recommand yall to play this also the cars are really good.
dobrado grandecastelo : progress is too slow. do you just drive, drive, crash. drive, drive, drive, crash... and again, again, again. there's no point in the game.
sand waves : cool game. love it. but what about adding some kinda a retrowave or cyberpunk cars & cities to drive in.
ward sauod : entertaining it's my favourite android game ever good gameplay and simple graphics with amazing cars that you can afford to buy ... keep adding new cars and roads
effandy sapardi : i think this is new face on gaming world. the story and the graphic are so amazing. can you make more game like this? and olso can play offline. thankyou
romeo nadhif islamy : best simple driving game ever, i even got "the mantis 1988 (the most expensive car in the game), in 2 days by playing on zen mode, i earn 4000/5000 perdrive, u guys have to try this
s p : really fun game and well made. it got a bit tedious around lvl 13 to get the challenges, but i got enough enjoyment from it until then.
shuaib theys : a good racing game , great selection of cars and the overall gameplay a good experience, a quality game.
liam o'brien : a bit weird how some obstacles you can crush right through and some that you would be able to in real life seem to be immovable, but it's an overall fun little game
steven cockrill : a great time killer. all the car designs are great, controls are simple.
artistic mg : need to improve control and add brakes and acceleration and little improvement in graphics ,,,if this happens, for sure it will be the best game of 2019
spartan xander-047 : good game, not a bad amount of ads but i can't spam next on the cars, hard to see which cars you have, hars to compare them..
chris d : i'm loving this game. graphics, gameplay, and no need to pay for in game items. hoping for more car updates soon though!!
deepak kumar soni : when zen mode ends then there is no button for main menu. the game stucks there and i have to restart the game. please check for it.
zac h : either the steering is way too loose or i just suck at this game... maybe both... either way i couldn't even pass the tutorial stages. idk maybe the road is just too narrow... maybe this game just isn't for me
sir charles : don't like the steering. tilt steering would be nice. button steering is always horrible. can't drive.
ant of earth : fun drifting game to relax with mellow to drive through the town's, i would like to see a online leader board or something in the future updates , devs are great also if there's a problem the respond right away.
andrew zhang : just fun. i like grinding on this game. wish there was a way to see the captions for the town names but not the voiceover.
nikodmp : a chill driving game. it's really good honestly. the devs ask for such a low price for a game you'll probably end up playing for a long time. it's fun, sounds good, looks good.
arjun sharma : ui is good. game is addictive enough and difficulty level is fine for a quick break from work
scubacca steve : sweet play, classic cartoon style is the bomb. nice+simple. but braking can be a bit tricky.
soner avcu : nice graphics and design, very nice play on words, but i know its gonna be boring soon because of its gameplay.
levi e. : pretty retro'ece game . play is good graphics are great. fast paced and tons of upgrades.
ezio auditore : this game takes us to various cities around the world..i really enjoyed the game so much that a completed every single achievement..
lokesh k. dogra : this game is so fun to play.once you strt playing it,it keeps on getting better.it became more better after they added brakes.i also like the person who just talks.the cars are also so good because of their vintage look
glenn yohanes : it is a nice game with cool cars and vibe. but, maybe for the control thing, it is not the best and i'm not really like how it goes
turtle's : its a fantastic long runner game but i would like to see some more faster cars and more futuristic.
experiente g01s : i haven't played for so long ,but this games is really amazing,the way that you need to keep the car on the road is so hard,in the begging it might be hard. anyway great game
rhys christian ledda : game is good, but the the strength of the car sucks. imagine just scratching the paint will kill the car, even with the fences and pebbles
soul wizard : controls are medium to bad but the photos of the game are fake, actual game has terrible graphics and its kinda boring.
ron stone : i never used it, they wanted too much of my private info. uninstalled. searching, reading reviews, and installing takes a lot of time. we only have so much time.
salad : the graphics are really good and the controls not so much but once y8u get used it, it's a really great game
jose saldivar : this is the best game i've ever played, i highly recommend this game it has a look as an arcade game and i love arcade games, keep up the good work. #drive
sayan dutta : fun game, it's a little on the difficult side and progress will be quite slow. but nevertheless, ut yas great graphics and is fun.
aayush dabhade : good i like this game, it has good graphics and a good features. i love that we can see 3d maps and cars, this is really a great game
jonathan taylor : it's really addicting to play trying over to see how far you can go is fun even if it takes a while to be able to go to new areas
chris : fun but it can get pretty boring a repetitive after some time playing and there isnt much to work towards.
levi van iperenburg : cool game with simple controls and fun level design! i wouldn't know what is bad, so i'm giving it the full 5 stars
joseph kamau : smooth controls,lots of cars,awesome voice and sound effects. great game, really like it
hollow saiyain : i dont really write comments about apps but this one takes the cake for being incredibly fun. i just wish there were more maps to unlock but besides that 11/10
ben flailin : it is definitely challenging and plenty of different cars, trucks, vans, sports cars, you name it and the game has it! lots of fun!
shashank v ray : poor controls and taking experience! good graphics and gameplay, but very poor controls
dhruv bhattacharya : after the update, best game so far. best game mechanics overlays are best. good competition gameplay. creatives heads are just awesome. highly recommended.
andrei banu : great experience overall. i like the fact that if i feel it's too hard to control, i can lower the sensitivity.
silvercrest shadez : simple and neat casual game, looks great and also runs well. not much you can really complain about.
jagdeeshwarreddy annapureddy : app is continuously crashing automatically it is very disappointing and very much frustrated to open the app
damtak the negan : beautyful maps, lots of cars. playing is very funny. almost no ads (which is very rare today) it's one of the best mobile games
f.s ali : found an addicting car game after 3 years, totally one of the best car game i've played on a mobile. wish there was an option for 10 stars. love it.
catharine langmuir : honestly it can be boring.with one tap you go sooo far!police chase you but never stop you!!!!!i would say 3 stars but it is ok...so 4 stars.with one area you have to do 20 missions!!!20!!!no!i say 3 stars!
mental raptors : first impression: decent graphics, need to get more familiar with the controls to properly appreciate this game. i might update this review later.
dabnoregret : please fix the hachitofu '85 into '86 and maybe give it the original tofu shop text. none the less, this is a good game. also please add more maps and cars, i'm looking forward to seeing the cybertruck
nr : pretty good graphics a little bit tricky to drive at first but you get used to really quick.
robert testa : i thought this was gonna be another runner game but it turns out that the car doesnt auto-center. you don't get that many mobile games like that. i really like this!
pizza pie : nice graphics especially on my old phone. never crashed runs like it would be expected. very adicting.
till kai : the gameplay is smooth with nice graphics. has alot of cars for choice! great game!
vit : this game is really good. it looks good, it's fun to play. only thing this game needs is more content, (i believe there will be much more things in future) and more players.
barreloflavy : the graphics are great but the photo mode controls are a bit funky please improve them.
marrion garcia : smooth gameplay but can be better and wider roads i guess but i guess this is more challenging.
keshav sindhu jeevesh : it's awesome! with all the dialogues, it's awesome! and, the names of the towns are cool! anyways, the game's going awesome.
spudz : awesome game for a potato mobile like mine i had a hard time finding fun games to play on this mobile and i found this as the perfect opportunity. if my of u are having the same trouble this game is built for u
milos injac : passed the tutorial, bought speed upgrade by accident, now the game won't let me play because i don't have 500 caps to upgrade useless thing calles "cool level"... good concept but the devs deserve 0 stars
mr k : this game looks good with a casual feel, but it's a shame when i encounter poor controls in this game,i'm sorry for giving u 2stars , please fix it for the best results ,thanks
joyce sunthra : it is a good game plz add more maps and cars in the future and plz add some more upgrades for the vehicles like designed paint and kits
sarah marks : i actually love this game i got it two days ago as of writting this and already i have bought the no ads and double coins thing you dont need it but i thought it was good genuinely really enjoying it would recommend it.
rwias 216 : its a good game exept its really hard to find vehicles that you unlocked from the level things but its still pretty good.
swapan pal : this is the best car game ever but it would've been more great if it had free roam on not just the learner park but other locations to and also plzz add an electrical car
joseph roberts : fun. just wish the cars were a little bit cheaper so you didn't have to put a ton of time into it to get a single car.
vishnu vardhan : best gameplay and easy controls. japan has some flaws in controls in highway.
kevan mcwhirter : fun easy game. only thing is, slower car goes better you do, so no need to upgrade.
marco a.s : love it. maps are well designed and are pleasing to the eyes. there are many cars to choose from. initial d fans would be pleased.
doc. : game has really nothing to do and also the "creative" part is a lie except you can upgrade your car but theres no point because its so hard to earn money.
first last : wow! what an experience, i was blown away but the graphics and just how fun the story mode was!
vincent page : to soon in to give it more stars will come back when done an update. so far all around good game besides the beginning car really, really sucking to drive.
zak borden : i'd love to rate this higher, but unfortunately it won't open any more. before that it was one of the few mobile apps i'd spent real money on, so if it works for you go ahead and enjoy.
cherie renken : it's too hard for me since it is my first driving game that i've ever played. i'll figure it out though by golly! if all those young children can, then i darn well better!
maiwand nazarwall : absolutely great game it's just great as i like it, but there are too many ads after you just crush this just makes the game disturbing.
a google user : dude, everything is perfect, except the control, **please** add at least the tilt control system, and keep up the good work!
muhammad fikry : this game is 8/10. graphic is just top notch. might as well add more maps and features. either way, this game is good.
kamrul hasan raihan : an awesome game, very awesome. but developers could add some more twist. and could also add more camera mode.
cloud plays : it is a great time killer with an average difficulty ,seems fun after a while tho.surely,you are gonna enjoy this and may end up keeping this one in your permanent list.maybe.its great till now enjoying it
ayan pokhrel : very polished game with good optimization and a very grinding type pacing.it is easy and difficult but the sensitivity is too high
i r f a n : very cool graphics, cool texture design. nothing is wrong, no bugs in the game
navid salam : i love the graphics. it's very eye pleasing and it is very simple and mind refreshing gamnplay.
newtomic : bah it's just another endless runner with a car theme. get's boring fast, very very fast.
santhiran monia : the game is nice but i need more customizing and i need to race people, with some fast and the furious cars please add under glow on cars. please add everything that i send
bobjeff boiii : i love the style and graphics of this game, fun to play on the go or if your bored and the cars are mostly pretty nice although a lot of grinding to get them
himanshu sharma : very good graphics and controls. nice friendly user interface. i love it alot.
mazmartae krull : very fun driving game. it doesn't have too much of a storyline, but you don't need that. its fun endless driving game. would recommend.
saurabh gwari : everything about this game is creative. menu, cars, level environment details. love it.
yasasvin jaison : great game, good selection of cars, loved the co passenger idea, could introduce diversions and more roads, great for travellers
isaac : fun, but i don't care for the steering options. would prefer tilt and/or wheel slider.
teodor proteasa : epic driving game: awesome details, various car choices, nice maps, extraordinary colors ..everything blends perfectly!
metrolemur : first thing you have to do is give them permission to "process" your personal data as a agreement of terms. there are plenty games where you can just tap out of that and get to the game but you can't with this game.
kwakk : easily the funnest driving game i've ever installed on my phone. really great for playing whenever i have a couple minutes of free time.
nick edwards : so far so good dont like the button lay outs but slowly getting used to it. not many adds everything seems pretty balanced. will update if needed
bajrang rathore : a nice game combination of adventure awesome feeling when playing the coin sound is so relaxing lot cars vintage modern n more nice dude please add some more cars and more places like places of india , america , etc. if u can despite all these a nice game if u add these which are suggested above the game can put fire on play store nice keep it up
berserker : i had the game before it is very good game but i deleted it and wanted to come back to it when i installed it, it keeps crashing on start hope you fix it soon
ray arredondo : fun arcade game i love the graphics and controls are simple overall pretty good game.
r sindhuarta : not a fan endless driving until now, this is different than the test and has a nice graphic.
handaru pratomo : fun arcade game, but the car control is very hard to handle, especially the brakes.
daniel visitacion : its a nice game and it has a nice graphic. please can you put a multiplayer room in the game that would be nice if you guys put it . so i put five star
philip du toit : the driving is wonky but manageable. also this game should be free because buying the game does include ads.
rider nguping : big things coming from small package. the leveling is quite challenging but fun, good job devs. i just hope that we can switch between night and day
nathan brown : the graphics are nice but the controls/handling are terrible, absolute trash.
jan labayen : fun, but a little bit hard to learn. graphics and details are top notch. thanks keep it up
efemilios : the crashing issue on my device has been fixed either by system updater or game updates. the game keeps being great and one of my favourites.
thomas robberson : very nice driving mechanic, graphics, and "sidekick" type character. a nice and fun chill driving game.
matthew boss : nice game. specially the music is very pleasing. somehow i can't perform the trick the police challenge.
pratyush goel : game is good but controls are difficult. tilt is also not there. car becomes uncontrobale.
tiago flores : i love this game in all ways, but ever since i've gotten this new phone the game won't even start itself! i've tried reinstalling it multiple times, but no use
garrett depew : this game is so trash it's not even good you can't even drive on the road and the levels are so freaking hard you can't even stay on the road you can't even get past the first level this probably would have five stories if the game is good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bambang soetanto : cozy gameplay. not too hard no too easy. graphics are soothing. ads are controlable.
loic rl : terrible controls. nothing special to this game, really. shows up ads even without clicking ad boost...
zephy nich : its a very good game for mobile but the only problem is that the controls is to wobbly. other than that its a great time killer 4/5
kory blake : really fun game, lots of different cars to unlock from monster trucks to classic cars. really fun!
million pain : it keeps closing the moment i boot it. i had accidentally deleted it by accident, and now i can't play it. it's a shame, really. it was the second best game i've ever played. please fix.
arthur de klerk : the game crashes on start up every time. i have played it before and loved it. but ever since i reinstalled it, it won't run at all
ena stanic : good game! i like 90s/80s cars i really dont see why it didnt get that much attention on the market. voice acting is perfect.
michael landreth : its got 0 tutorial so the power ups r a littke confusing at first bt all in all itseasy to figure out ... seems squirrely at first but knce i level up the handling itll probly get better
casper vaz : an amazing game and nice artwork design the game is hard at first but you learn to handle it , overall fun game
le epic : i got to play this in gamescom 19. it was amazing fun. now to see and play it here really shows that they have improved and cared about their game.
aqib mehmood : chin side of the phone , either left or right for the steering doesn't respond to the touch sometimes. please fix this issue .
james gilbert : it was fun, but i felt like the content ended rather quickly after you start collecting everything.
noshi irum : i love this game because i thought it will be a boring game with bad graphics and not good gameplay but i was wrong this is the awesome game i have ever played it has high graphics good game play and it is not boring i want every one to know that every should play this game and this game is going to be famous.thx pixel perfect dude you are awesome thx for making this game.
christopher newens : good casual game. just be ready for frequent, unskippable ads between restarts.
saurav singha : i love this game so much .i think that if developer make a city simulator game with these graphics it will be a killer for other games.
anderson cruz : this game is full of joy, excitements and good graphics and other more cool stuff. the cars have good detals and design.
devika v.k : amazing game i love th game but if the game have a story it would more amazing and multiplayer that's why i'm giving 4 stars but controls can be a bit more improved especially the brakes
michael 187 : awesome but add more views like first person view close view etc. and add a race mode like drag;drift;race;rally!
bryan lee : favourite map is holzberg, love the bgm, is it a tribute to modern talking? hope that there will be more amazing maps with such sick bgm with different difficulties and gameplay!
logan arx : the game is awesome, but needs mote stuffs: 1-the copilote has a few coments 2-only 4 maps 3-the game really need an online mode, this option will be awesome
littlejim : thats a really fun game!, i would just like more in game comments and that they would be more accurate like saying we are running low when we are actually running low not just because i passed a gas station!
m w : you don't need access to that many permissions. i'd have to check but was that every possible permission ? couldn't even try out the game without selling you my soul. i read your tos (terms of service / privacy policy). .... my god. delete.
pablo garcia : i like everything about this game. the graphics are great, it runs pretty smoothly, and it's a well thoughht out game. i really enjoy it!!
david kinyua : it's a good game and sort of addictive (to me), but please improve on the brakes and some little details to make it better.
nick baker : love it!! cars are great, can upgrade to body kits too! big bonus is that it has a good photomode too :)
stan wilson : cars are too easy to obtain. can you add cars that costs millions of caps, please? other than that, great game.
es saiprasad : good game, but time to make major updates by introducing new levels and challenges!!!!
thegamingdoge156 : you guys should add some sort of controller support if not keyboard if im not wrong but overall from a gameplay view this is a pretty good and hard time waster good when bored
rahul manoj : it's really good, the physics in the game is better then any game i played. the maps are also super cool to.
lukylachy : fun to play when your bored and have nothing to do
47y847y8 roblox : when i started playing, i thought it was hard to play. but now i played for about a week and i got the hang of the controls and it has turned into a very easy game.
about gaming : graphic are outstanding but controls is sniff without control, everything is excellent. i like this game
dozie derek : it's a really fun game....helps kill boredom...just wish it could be easier to buy new cars and unlock new places
jkacob : very good game! i really think it is because it doesn't actually force you to watch the ads, it's really fun as well. deserves a 5 star :)
kuroten wheeler : car controls are a little fiddly, but for a free arcade game it's not the worst by far...
martin cooper : seems like a good game to pass the time. controls could do with a little adjustment, but other than that a fairly good game.
cameron folsom : pretty cool. great time pass. i really love the art style and the fact that there's an actual narrator for the game.
sadeka lisa : when i started the game it always says "you have a controller in. do you want to use it?" "no?" "yes?" i cannot remember all of it tho but i like the game i will give the game a 4 star review i hope you like it. and if the game had multiplayer it would be so fun to play with friends. i will rate the graphics a 5 star review and i will rate the gameplay a 5 star review and i will rate the control a 4 star review. and i pressed the update button when i saw it now the game is updated of me.
mounish hasan : loved this game,it has soothing vibe to it and it's up to you if you want to watch an add for 2x rewards..rewards are decent...overall it's pretty fun game.
just the average joe : amazing cant even discribe this game, the mood, the constant fear of crashing at 20 mph (love that). but in all honsty i'm just in love w/ this game i downloded it at 12:00 am now playing at 9:30 pm truly addictive and fun.
usth aad : this is super every game is different from its trailer and pictures given but this game for this size is just outstanding highly recommend.
gregorio pecoraro : great good movement of the vehicles!!
foxyfnafpt : the graphics are great but the controls and the way the car drives is pretty awful
soviet boi : i've played other games like this before but this one has to be the best i've played yet, amazing design and beautiful backgrounds, this is a game i recommend.
tuyen pham : if i design a game, this is what it is. more: give us cloud save, even with paying, i still cannot save my progress. if you don't i'll clone/rewrite your game :lol. i'm serious.
jenmar villamor : this is the best endless car game beautiful graphics and gameplay please add some 1980s or 1990s cars and new map because the game is awesome
just wan : the best endless driving game in this era.it isn't all about avoiding vehicles infront of you.you have to refuel, repair and pick up donut but usually i don't cuz where's the fun in that.
justin hanes : just the game i was looking for.
tridip r. hazarika : while this game feels quite polished, the gameplay is subpar and boring. also, there are excessive popup ads.
jonas kastrickas : game loads fine but as soon as i start driving the frames drop to probably 10fps, i hope this can get fixed because ot seems really cool.
driftingninja24 : this is probably one of the best car games out there for mobile it has high quality graphics and a metric but ton of cars and challenges 10000000/10
tegambal ramburrun : it's my dream car game,it has drifting, escaping the police, crashing in to cars,different types of cars it amazing really.
praveen sharma : i love this game sir if you read this sir can you make racing game with different reasons and seasons like this graphics with low veiw camera angle..!! please.... it's my humble request...!!!
afif pratama : damn this is really hard still isn't used to the break system i always hold it and the cat or slow down for about 1 second and top speed again in one second
d m : if you want to chill and still have a lil action without stressing out, this might just be the best game for ya. im still hoping there would be updates and improvements but it's great so far
irtiza kalashnikov : this game is good. but you can make it an inside view angle. as in drivers view. it will make the game even more fun you know.
ram vaish : this is a cool game because it has..... cool graphics cool cars cool locations in fact this game has 0 ads....at least i have not seen any ads...till now. but please add multiplayer!!
matthew brown : pretty slick. takes an odious amount of time to collect postcards, otherwise pretty smooth and attractive little time killer
solario 535 : its definitely a "free runner" as your not stuck on lanes and your car can drive freely which i like a lot.
srikar dvsn : the game is very challenging and so fun to play. so many cars to choose and maps to play!
vijay anand : amazing game..!! good gameplay, good graphics, good music, good voice over! what else you need in a game like this..? great work guys..!!
olly : pretty bad - requires mindless grinding to get anywhere, drive off the road at the start for quicker progression with less effort
vinz avril galindon : it's a great game loved the graphics and can you add more levels? oh and i have a suggestion can you add a motorcycle hahahahaha i/we would love that
shivanshh srivastavaa : marvelous game tho if the controls were a little more sensitive it would have been on another level , still love it!!!!!
sameer d : controls are screwed up in the game please add another control options also improve brakes . the brakes are frickin crazy. they do not get applied in time
jesse evwoh : there's something wrong with the london mission, i'm supposed to use a bus that unlocks at level 15 to finish a mission and i'm not yet at level 15. i cannot buy the bus or skip the mission.
roman t : great game. no complaints. although, i think it would be cool if some cars could drift? keep up the great work guys!
mr_derp : the game is relaxing and easy to play, the soundtrack is good but you can get tired of it if you play a bit too much.
a google user : the game is amazing.... its so addictive. i love it, its cool and awsome...i dont usually rate games that i play but this... i just felt the need to...its soo addictive and fun...good job
jericca jagorin : at first it's kinda hard, but eventually, i enjoyed it a lot. this game is one of my favorite when it comes to graphics and game design. good job.
intikhab alam laskar : i want this game more relaxed. this is a bit faster.(want to control speed) breaking system is annoying.(i want to stop the car)
craig milne : great graphics, easy enough to level up too. i love the car designs. great game!
manik gazi : i am enjoying the game too much but my suggestion to developer is add dynamic weather and dynamic day and night also improve your graphics . thanks
r kidd : good game. littlw hard at first, but gets easier as you can find ways to abuse the drifts for points.
verumest beats : i want a part 2 of this game. needs some upgrades, it feels like it's missing something but overall it's very entertaining
raj lathia : great graphics. great design. great dialogue delivery from the character. great environment. greatest car racing game? i'll let you decide .
a google user : i love this game!!! add more cars, backgrounds and explain how the map works when the game is over.
desmond hoogs : awesome game, amazing graphics and gameplay. one of the few games i bought the premium version for. great job on this game.
rizwin sj cg rajav : it is an wonderful game for driving but it is not easy to handle this car it is very difficult but i like this game very much an endless driving experience
zuhair aziz : really love the game and i do feel sorry for ukraine
fang song : it is quite good. the graphics are what makes this app one of the perfect driving games.
gian : the game is looking good. i'm thinking of buying but i could not get a good feel of the game due to aggressive 30 second ads.
pachakeeli : the retro type graphics is one hell advantage for this game. if i like driving games and retro games, this is the one
adwik malhotra : i liked the graphics of the game but it's not what i expected. i wanted some more power-packed punch like it has to be more interesting. i will look forward for the next updates.
florent w : nice car selection, maybe the addition of checkpoints could be nice, but fun and addictive game anyways!
georgiana m : wow! this is the best game in the store! i'm already out of words, no problems, no glitches, but, there is one thing, i would like to see more types of police cars, please.
ayanda makalo : i love this game, it has an old vibe and the graphics are sick. but i hate how it always stops my music from playing when i get in the game
dynamike sike : i paid 699 to unlock everything and remove ads and got nothing i want my money back or give me everything that i paid for and then maybe i'll rate this higher i love the graphics i love the controls, cars but i don't like how i paid 699 and didn't get anything
rey amor : very awesome and perfect app, the graphics are very very qualified, and the animations as well, i recommend this app must download, must download!!
pasta glock : pretty nice but it is annoying how.fast you have to react i'm not sure if there is but you could add an easy mode (i'm a bit trash).
shaurya das : nice game but addictive!! 3 to 4 times you will feel that game rubbish but eventually soon after the game give tasks then more it become interesting and interesting....
nenad.bogoevski // : great graphics, interface, light, mood, collecting caps and all that but unplayable, controls suck...
adarsh shrestha : i'm in level 13 currently and one of the task asks us to drive the boogie (which can only be unlocked at level 15) so i'm kinda stuck out here. need help!
minakshi khodiar : its is a very good game but big problem is that this game doesnot have hai break control there is only left and right control please fix the stop or break control to it.....
shijo jose : great graphics but controls need improvement. also an in dash camera would be cool.
matej : an actually good game on mobile it's pretty cool because it feels more like a polished game thatn most mobile games 10/10
a k : controls are a bit screwy but besides that not bad.
jacob : app doesn't even open. doesn't even get to a black loading screen when opening the app before crashing. what a disappointment
infinite void : so far this game has been very very very fun
mightecurser : honestly, this game is on top of the line, its fun and amazing to play, this thing just makes you forget about all the pain and misery in your life, literally deserves 5 stars.
binded vision : i love playing with this! excellent graphics, gameplay and no extra micro transactions!
hussam hk : guys the game is great but i think there must be a break button for example in the middle or when you press both left and right together
002-abhishek dangi : reaaly good game but to unlock new track its quite time taking and also checkpoint should be given so that we could save when we are halfway
shaun woolf : unplayable on pixel 2 xl. will not even open, will crash within one second of trying to open it.
rares_69 : the game is very cool, and the fact that it supports a controller on emulators is very nice. edit: i don't like the fact that when you take photos in photo mode it doesn't automatically save the pictures to gallery. still going to leave the 5 star rating.
tim mocaby : need more games on the playstore like this!!bgreat time killer! ads are non intrusive and usually voluntary to continue after wreaking. will recommend highly!
ajith kumar : this game is really cool and the graphics is neat, it has no ads and the gameplay is easy and simple and fun
jeff figue : transport me to another time when i was a kid am now 28 n still play games why?? cuz is a smarter way to keep ur mind busy n relax i used to smoke a lot then drop into the worst nightmare the h ....n and play games like drag racing n action games is the only way that takes me into the time when i was a kid n everything was perfect thanks guys i recomend this game to everyone out there n think u never alone cuz god is with u, thas my humble opinion and sorry for my write am still learning inglish
art d : a lot of cars, challenging and for free, graphic design slso looks nice.
yunggneckbeard : awesome. the graphics, the controls, and the overall experience is very nice. 5 stars
tempest 888 : great way to waste time while you wait or in need of some dukes of hazord like driving game. would love to see some 80s alien world map with cars in the same theme.
peter bidel schwambach : what started out as a small simple time killer keeps getting better and better with every update. please do a stage in brazil with a chevrolet opala next!
rupesh kanna : super game !! everyone must try please add some new maps and more vehicles to the game to make them interesting and playable ! add some more maps , it's my request
anshul arora : it's great game to play i would like to request more options of colors, adding more car varieties such as hot rods and most importantly camera view adding first person
nathan stine : fun game to pass the time. very professionally made and has a cool art style. #drive gets a 5 from me!
amg viking : i love the game super nice. the aestethics if its how u spell it is nice very chill to just play. gotta grind a little bit, to get new cars but i think thats a good thing. love it very lofi feeling, recommend this
charlie griffin : love the gameplay and the art style too. reminds me of playing old school arcade driving games.
owen jolivet : really fun game to play, controls are simple and the atmosphere is super cool !
massie : its better if you add a kinda free roam city drive
habibullah zadran : amazing game never get bored love how the garage is setup. one thing is to have different driving control like steer8ng wheels or tilt. thx
maddog m : really fun game love it
laxman mithbavkar : well it is a great game but still can u guys improve the controls , it's difficult to drive the car
gabe h : best driving phone game i've found, great for when your feeling competitive or if you just want to sit back and chill, also the free roam park is awesome great place to do donuts and drift
aaron williams : it's a basic endless driver but, fun. i like the graphics and art style.
jairo baguio-larena : a really immersive game. controls and feedback of the car are pretty janky though.
b a s s i c k : very fun and a great way to pass the time.
ignacio reyes bodo : very nice game with excellent graphics and physics. very rare to find something like this on the play store lately.
miguel antonio dimayuga : really great game, easy to learn but hard to master. hoping that the devs would add free roam versions of every map. :d
lsnow56 : it definitely is a fun game to play when your on the toilet and the controls are very simple.
kai : great game but handling is a little hard
leon martin : very good game but my only complaint is the fact that in the poland map the buildings glitch out alot but as i just said 25 words ago this is indeed a very good game
193 44 : earlier version was better..now the vehicle only takes turn...earlier it drifted which was the i thing i loved in the game thr most...it would be good if you replace simple 'turning' with "drifting"....
mamta kumari : the grafic of this game is auwsum but a litle thing that i don't like is control but controls are only not playable for me. you can download and try this game one time . have fun
rido k : would've love it if the brakes dont have any waiting time... i love long driving till i tired, but this game just wont let me because of that stupid "wait to brake" system... pls remove it
aditya gupta : why it got 5 star??? because it deserves... this is a classic and a best offline game to keep you engage and pass your time as quick as possible.. and very enjoyable
techno content : the game is awesome. i have played the game for a number of times, but i always enjoy the game. the game's graphics is good and i like the controls also. really an awesome game!
jef huntington : unenjoyable. downloaded and played through the tutorial. the controls of this game are atrocious and make the game unenjoyable for me. promptly uninstalled.
blazing vulpix : great game!! just love the way how each car handles!! great job guys. hope to see more cars in future updates!!!
cameron rousseau : great game. but the driving style is a bit weird. doesn't kill you with ads though. good game.
ronald briceno : definitly a fun lil driving game for a long commute. the announcers lines are actually pretty chill. defintly a new fav. great overall style gang!
framan : i am enjoying the game but to unlock the boogie i must complete a task that wants me to drive the boogie for 5km. how can i get out of this situation?? and please fix this no other problem other than that btw
anthony jones : super fun to waste time. no need for wifi and is great for road trips.
cardboard mehmehmo : this game is great! the controls work very well and the game is very fun. there is a wide selection of vehicles.
nick cato : fun game i'm only uninstalling because i have no patience for games like these but dont let me make your decision it's really fun. just wish the drift function was a little bit better
shafaq mohamad : this is a great game with good controls and great graphics with some more updates and creative features it will rock the floor ...
rahmad oi : fun game! still have some bugs, like the car suddenly skid outside the map n sometimes the input didnt respond
vol74g3 : beautiful graphics, and a cool style:) if you're searching for a game to play for hours, recommend this one:).
david mcglynn : really enjoy it! haven't unlocked much yet but i'm hoping for a "city at night" type of map.
ali n : the game looks absolutely stunning, cool graphics and great detail.
abdulnoor kyeyune : this game is soo fake, you see even to write your view, you have to first give them a star. the game does not play, ts fake i regret downloading it, ts so annoying, uwhen you reach option "play" , it shows black then shows my home screen. worst ever came across
kubovsky family : the game is really good. graphics and controls are good. by far best simple driving game
denys iefimkin : dear developers! why i need pay second time for x2 bonus, i have done it later this year, i like your game, and i donate you for no ads and x2, and in game i have a button again?
mike crocker : great little game. ads are sparing and unobtrusive, and you don't have to throw a bunch of money at this game to advance.
matthew taylor : title screen is all black. i can only stubble upon the user agreement after tapping all over the screen. uninstalled it right away.
orney : great game. smooth framerates and tight handling make this game hard to beat on the mobile platform.
chris beer : great time killer! love the look, controls are good, no real issue with the adds!
rickie harrison : love it so far. the controls are different but after a bit you pick it right.
mark havasi : i was expecting a lot more ads and a lot shittier handling for the cars. i'm pleasantly surprised. good job!
audrey tyler : three stars for aesthetic polish and design, but the controls are a nightmare.
jelo : fun game, the only mechanic i dont like is the burnout in the brakes. at least show a timer when to use the brake system again
caden way : great game fun to play to make the time fly
ravi kiran : very nice game... loved a game that has no bars to reach or something like that just drive round... masth..!! still new though so 4 * will review again later
nuth : great game to kill time
mpume zungu : i have to say it's pretty rare for me to like a game andthis is a fun game there are a lots of cars like the famous car the coyote and more beautiful fast cars i love the game so i recommend you press that download button and enjoy
mark : this game is awesome. i've been playing the game for a couple of months now and it's still as fun as the first time i've played. i love it cause it's easy to play but hard to master, which gives it at replay value.
jamie cutts : from what i've played it's fun enough. graphics look great without draining power.
vebito tetseo : the game looks and feels fantastic! the controls are a little too unconventional for me. can't seem to get the hang of it.
aladin prutina : love this game, love the cars, but the gameplay is choppy and sipping gas is a little difficult to handle but overall good potty time killer,
alejandro feliciano : easy fun simple controls, hard to put down once you get the hang of it and get going.
john greenlay : does not work, gets to the point of actually driving then quits and throws me back to my homepage. very disappointing, only worthy of a minus rating, clearly.
irene wanjiru : fun enjoyable and most importantly improve your roads in tokiyama and if possible allow the player or driver to be able to get out of the car while you can also enter another vehicle and lastly add multiplayer online
oregon astro nkgothoe : wow...i really underestimated the game..it is fun cool and you won't regret downloading it. in it is enjoyable. if you like car games you will like it too.
anish nair : love the retro vibe and the pep talk. controls are bit weird but once tou keep playing you will get a hold of it. love how you get to throw doughnuts at police to bribe them :d
lidia cleary : i used to play thos game and i have started playing this game again and it's great and hasn't had any major changes but this is one of those games that are simple and fun and that is a compliment.
abdul rehman : this game is amazing it is a time killer please download this game i like the the car drift and the dount thing the fuel thing and mystery box thing i really like that so i highly recommend you to download this and dont forget to it a five star it deserves five star bro
a google user : this game has its quirks it is a good game but in the beginning it gives you the best car or stats but that deos not matter apparently because the coolness of the car it the best thing i don't know if you want a good game it is good
panda bambo : good game could use a brake pedal like a button, because tapping both finger turns the car a bit, but all in all, good game!
koustav karmakar : honestly the game is good and all but there is one problem it doesn't let you have the full control over the car. and that is why i rated it 1 star.
999 nine999 : it's ok i guess... not much else that i can say without lying apart from all the reviews are copy and pasted and it gets very boring after 2 minutes...
amit sahadevan : this game deserves an additional star if a few more towns are added..awesome experience!! please look into adding a couple more towns
laurie wilcox : a really nice balanced game. choose a fast car or a slow one. would recommend.
harsh : its an really amazing and maps are so different from eachother thats so nice please add more maps in the game.
modha808bech : the game is good. but i cant complete the mission using boogievan at snowplough. how can i complete it if i cant even use that van? i need lvl 15 to get that van. im stuck at lvl 12
griffin caleb martorillas : great game but pls add some more adrenaline and ai players
neiljohn cerbas : the gameplay is great.the graphics are perfect.and the game is good but challenging for me.
martin bezjak : great graphics, nice cars! bit boring on a long run. guitars on the soundtrack could be in tune
m s : relaxing game with no intention to rob us. thanks team for this wonderful game. love the graphics and the music. devs please make more games.
tre y : took all my gold and a lot of ads. also dont let people buy upgrades for cars they dont have it makes no sense why you would be able to
logan rymer : overall is a great game but it could use more areas. but its fun and challening makes me want to come back and play it
mark stilwell : too many ads and no option to skip any of them, you spend more time watching ads than playing!
bluw boy : this game is fun ot does not have many ads and it is not that boring either it is more of a game to fill time then to play constantly but over all it is a fun game to play
m s : love this whole game and the cars the game are all awesome but when you pause there is no 3 second start so you have to get back very fast but it's a awesome game
alex polyakov : it's a great game but i am unable to use my controller with it. it works with other games, just not this one. hope you guys can fix it, till then it's a 2 star.
pulama talukdar : awesome graphics. this game is just what i needed. it's my most favourite vehicle game now, followed by hill climb racing and dr. driving. #drive!
giannis kampilis : visually pleasing artstyle, satisfying gameplay and interesting upgrading system. this game is worth it
ardhy mahardhy : this game is really good.... and idk why my phone always shutdown while in the middle of the game. anyway.. can you guys remove colectibles while in photo mode?
jules risser : it seems impossible to get the drifting counter to sum up. i keep drifting till x5 and yet can't pass the drifting objective. any idea?
jared newport : awesome game, really good time waster, lots and lots of cars. dont listen to the bad reviews. you either like this game or you dont
omenogor success : game graphics are very good and it's also nice but the game mechanics is bad and it's hard to play and control.
khywayne thompson : this game is good but i kinda don't like it because the cars are out of control,i will give you 3 stars
bryan rosvall : concept of game is good but having to start from the beginning everytime is annoying. nobody wants to live a ground hog day.
mohamed ayman : the commentary is way over the top the game is really challenging the car collection is fun i've been having so much fun playing this game tbh
sleepy ninja : this game is probably one of my favorites on the app store. this game has good graphics, a fun concept, and rarely any advertisement, 5 stars for sure
david rolf : fun game. ads are long though. steering is really touchy. not too bad once i got the hang of it
joris goossens : really fun and peacefull game to play. and if you the payments are also really cheap, so if you wanna buy something its not exp3nsive!
mpumelelo lethu : this game is the best i could play it all day and i'll really like the voice and if there's an update why don't make it if we can customize our car
joe bernard : great graphics, fun time waster. an interesting take on the endless style games.
kartik khandelwal : i had a very good experience with this game but the only thing is when i reinstalled this game i lost my hole credits after sync with play games please don't do this
mohamad kia : it's a little hard at first. but when you learn how to play and control the car , you will be addicted to game !
mark sanchez : made a purchase in the game, then it glitched and started over. won't even let me finish the tutorial and took my purchase.
tamar denton : great game! sounds and visuals are well-done. the gameplay is very addictive and fun.
daniel foster : fun! and the game sounds don't interrupt spotify playing on my phone -- that's a big bonus. can you teach other developers how to do that?
shakotan_joker : awsome game, good features and fair game play, i really would like to see a lowrider car, or a 1970s luxury car, thanks for your hardworking and effort, we all appreciate it
uday borah : good graphics, easy to control, don't have to pay here to play this game is not like pay and play games, user friendly
neonlichts : please fix handling or make the turns wider i love how this game looks, but it's tedious to play. i'm totally buying it if you fix it!
luis : a very great game has over 100 cars the coolness option to your car is amazing you should download it if you dont take my word for it than download it you won't be disappointed!
claire : great game - would love some more places to be added
julian prado : simple graphics and mechanics, but a lot of details and a great thematic... this game is amazing
surya mudaliar : the game keeps on crashing, unable to play and that's very annoying.
mark failla : definitely a fun five of five. lots of fun and squirly just the way i like my women. can't wait to get back yeah! thanks for making me feel like a kid again. lol
harvey dale : addicting + difficult good for casual players
ranjan savaliya : this game is very crazy but i'm rate but don't give car
mr pumpkin : the best game i have ever played. the music is amazing and the narrator guy that supposedly sits next to you is very funny.
zephyrdumbstuff : the game told me to rate it so i rate it
hamidlogary : i love it and the best part is the amount of cars is just that can u you please add multiplayer if possible and maybe like a whole new year like 2020 where there are new cars and everything
chingkheinganba thoudam : i connect my my game profile with my google play account but i accidentally uninstall the app and reinstall the app. but my progress is lost i start from the beginning. this is sad
harold mcmeaty : fun game, mechanics are great, simple to play but just a few too many ads, otherwise it would have had 5*
kyle masta : it's a decent little time killer, simple with a bit of a challenge. i can dig it.
keen francis catindig : the controls is kinda hard. add a tilt option. that would be great
pablo pazos : this is a really good looking game, but playability is terrible. can't control steering or braking.
the fourth willie : this game is really fun. the unique thing about this game is that there is someone talking while you are driving. the steering is a little tricky at first (in my opinion). you should get it.
abhinav sharma : i am finding this type of game for over last three years. i found it now! i am telling you this game is amazing, you have to download it and give it a try. you will love this game (this is not a sponsored review)
azad soleimani : a lot of ads!
headlightstheperson : this game is amazing! i love the details put into the cars and maps. i highly recommend this game if you just love to drive!
fernando vargas : it's a very good game, it's something lovely cuz i can stay cool playing this masterpiece in may bed and that was awesome, and i need more cars, pls and thanks.
arjay comawas : okay this game is in another level it's a perfect game but can you add more camera angles for better viewing thats all i want. please responce
william collins : this game is a lot of fun not that many ads either! the one thing i don't like thought is how expensive it is to buy other cars though!
thebaguettewarrior : fun game, however the graphics aren't that good. if you're looking for a simulation would not recommend.
manjula k : nice to play but some adds after car crash .no problem ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................ ...................... .. . ............................
aditya ff : i just loved the animations of this game, its kinda like the flirty animation that everyone love! nice work guys , best wishes for your future plans keep it up
a google user : cool game, i can't wait for more tracks. i would like more voice comments, maybe some jokes. worth supporting the dev by paying the $4 and change. maybe add a brake to avoid being chased by the cops?
yeray herrera : best game ever if there were no ads
jayson baltes : this is actually a really challenging get good game very fun once you learn the controls and there actually simple good job
addios money : it's a good game it is enetertaing and makea ypu constantly move scine you have to refill yoir gas tank or repair your vechical. i enjoy it quite a bit.
shawn erekson : i have only been playing this game for about 10 minutes but so far it is very well made, very fun, hard enough to be a good challenge but not so much that it is impossible. fun game
junk : really nice game. it is like temple run but just next level. and it's difficult controls makes the game even more fun
naradhipati andaru : its a really fun game, tho maybe hitting the back of a car isnt that fun (i think it needs to be a little more tolerable) but its nice
adrian kimani : great game,graphics and the voice over guy though you should add more controls to it.a steering wheel and lose the break timer it kills the fun.also add more maps guys
zeninari : before the last last update, i was able to use my nintendo switch pro controler to control the game. now that it has been updated, my main controler unit now is completly ignored by the game! please if this is a bug fix it. i cant play this game without my controler ;-;
peeper roach : i love it but please add a dirt bike to ride thanks
tomi spevi : many details, good graphics, smooth gameplay, perfect
carmiel grau : i like it. it is a fun car driving game...
eric jackson : it's fun just wish it had better handling
zion : very fun game i really enjoy playing it would definitely reccomend
girija kizhakkemenakath : the game is actually good.and graphic is nice , i feel some time hitting of vehicle with sideview is made destory some time not. really it is very nice for me
tj feral : good fun. controls kinda klunky
ldg playz : really enjoy playing the game highly recomend it!!!
bounty fox : it's a great game. i love the variety of cars you can pick from. the game is fun and in some way relaxing.
b mathan kumar.m 12-b : hi guys , it is very hard to play because if we hit the car somewere , it is starting the game from the first so please change that , if we hit somewere it want to start from where we hitted the car
harsh bheda : good game but one thing developer should. put some more modes and one the prize for the cars and a state are high update then inform me i will give 5
ro darkrush : good driving game many cars to choose from
kook smoont : incredible little game. i'm definitely going to check out the rest of the games from the developer. they definitely deserve your time and money. also greetings from england to poland, you do our country proud!
matthew cooper : wow. this is the best game i have played in a while. simple controls, great fun. definitely recommend this for car junkies
firebear foo : this game is a good game.reminds me of outrun but this one is in a more relax pace. expecting more cars and map to be released.
shane williams : so far so good. played for about 15min clean game. some ads to be expected but so far not shoved down your throat.
gloknot _official : pretty fun game to make the experience even better hook up a gaming controller to your phone.
ru qis : a simple yet addicting game! i downloaded this game since it first came out and with the recent updates the game gets even more interesting and fun. i'll be waiting for more! keep up the good work =)
von vera : i love the game!! i am addicted and i also love the updates (every friday or saturday) this game is a masterpiece.
radjaza. : love the graphics, the experience was amazing, deserves an editor choice.
mark joseph r rubis : this is literally good i only rate it 4 becous i had a good suggestion pls add a little bit of multiplayer by using hotspot for racing with my close friend/family pls it will literally look good if it have some a bit multiplayer for pvp race. pls i will rate it 5 as soon it updates
joseph papaw : good game, ads arent too unbearable
shaydin gonzalez : love this game
ian bradley : i'm eating this game four because it's really fun and challenging but i will rate it five stars when you make it so you can't slow down
muhammad : it's really fun playing this game and i like how easy the controls are but maybe the brake should be more efficient
sapphire lewis : great game! good detail, and a fun exiting game to play if your bored, i really wish you could uprgrade your brakes, but otherwise pretty nice game!
braden collins : i love endless runners, and i love cars. this game is fun, and you don't need to pay anything. amazinh graphics, too.
siren head but not : very good unlike the controls. switch to joystick please.
4vrag3 : honestly nwver played a game so simple and fun as this it mixes all the best parts ie: good gamplay simlple graphics and a hint of story
zach barcus : awesome i have 3 games on my phone. world box, retro football and now you guys fun, good graphics. runs great on a pixel 2 xl.
mirage scythe : controls are questionable at best and car physics do not work with game speed . do not recommend anyone playing this .
tarun sharma : this is the best vintage like arcade game. keep up the good work. hoping for new games and updates!.
tiago moura : great game! not an exaggerated amount of ads... controls are sketchy, but learnable.
brian graveline : top notch mobile game! perfect for passing time. my only hope is that they continue adding new content
samar bhatt : really such a 90's game it's quit boring the control is very bad especially brakes it should be open world modern graphics latest car's like forza horizon 1 , 2, 3
yvan rolly : very nice game, good graphics nice camera view. if i may suggest i'd say the producers should make an adventure game this way im sure it'll be awesome
jr fresh : i really enjoyed it a more involved arcade game could have done more with the customization of the cars
nikhil vavakkad : small size segment its nice game..bt control the car was very difficult... so its fix it,game more better
anjan sarkar : right game for right people . my favorite pass time . enjoy but make more levels and more cars
adrian castillo : it is amazing you pass the time fast and they try to make the game as funny as possible and on top of that they minamise the ads as much as possible
geetha nair : the game is superb with actually 3d graphics but controls are hard i mean too hard no proper breaks etc.
benjamin arnold : good game to kill a few minutes. i like the fact that there are no microtransactions (except remove ads)
7k rusu : 5 stars. absolutely inginious and i love yhe graphics and the control.it is an endy game, but j spend most if my time to improve my score!you should add somt stuuf like multiplayer!!!
ronald miranda : it is good because you can buy a lot of cars and change some aspects and has a good difficulty
ilyes elemer : nice game, i love the graphics. although it would be nicer with less ads.. but i can understand why they have them.
octavio : awesome game to play on my phone, reminds me of the arcades when i was younger. lots of retro cars too in the game, nice!
chew gaik suan : not bad,but a bit hard control, the way a bit narrow easy get crashor maybe is my skills not good enough ...
codedgar : this game is so much fun! controls are easy, responsive and the aesthetic is reaaally good.
andu planken : very fun game good graphics
cedric : so hard to control because you have to push the left button and the right button at the same time to do break . my recommendation was have a another control system that have control wheel and in the left or the right side of the screen have a button break .
jack deye : its great, there are very little ads which everyone loves and shows that the dev actually cares about this game and that it isn't a cash grab.
brighton roper : very fun, time consuming
lemuel's google account : fun and beautiful. easy to play, hard to master type of game. ads are also pretty tamed.
kordarre : runs extremely smoothly, very little ads and overall a great experience.
dave smith : fun and addictive. very reminiscent of the old outrun games but with more objective based gameplay. overall 5/5
bella mendoza : can you improve the game to have bus ai add a bus that can pick up people add a the bus as are vehicle
rajiv dayal hans : love this game! play it nearly everyday but please add more levels, there is only 20 of it and we want more!!! highly appreciated
javier ruiz : it says it will give you the delorean if you rate it but it is a lie, other that than the game looks great, and gameplay is just ok if that.
jkmiddy 22 : love the game good time killer if i had any suggestions it would be to add a few more customisation opinions like neons more paint colour and some simply graphic over all good game
benji rodriguez : it is really fun great time killer really easy controls it is a really cool really like the graphics and it is amazing download it..!!!!
esben abildgren : to many commercials
juniqr zack : you need to improve couple of things 1- i dont know about objectives untill i get into drive and met an accident 2- when game is pused it must show how many objectives i have completed nd how much left 3- during drive there must be distance measure somewhere
h : it was great! a lovely asthetic. challenging controls to imcrease diffuculty. love it
james fun & games : good game for when your having a dump but also it does get boring doing the same thing over and over long to get money not unless you watch adds but a ok game.
simon resendiz : really good driving sim
amy gue : pretty good game overall had a great time. but you really should should add little challenges.
ariel muga : addictive game really funny one liners... it's worth the ad-free purchase, working my way through unlocking the cars
sean abihsera : very simple but fun, good temporary cure for boredom when waiting in line or while tv commercials are playing.
muhammad abdullah shakeel : the car durability is too low. and there is no set objective.... not for me.. less fun more frustration.
angel calderon : kinda cool, steering too exagerated, but nice
zeeshan malik : the graphics of the game are amazing, it runs smooth and it is very enjoyable.
sultan hgt : brilliant game. it would be perfect if there would be gas pedal or brake buttons in the game. but so far so good.
jason myburgh : best mobile racing game so far.....for those who appreciate the time and effort put into creating a fun arcady game.....theyyy nailed it..i'd give 10 stars if i could..
isaac das : the cars take too long to get but the graphics are amazing and the game is addictive.
andrew williams : fun game , but the impossibility of the menu ruins the entire experience. its way too touchy.
terror sneeks : i love this game, i have a request- please keep adding tons of vehicles and locations.
shresth jindal : best car game i have ever played....mainly what i like about this game is that ot does not waste your time in in main menu it just kept u playing it....its too much interesting game
your mom sucks : this game is a good way to occupy yourself with or without internet. this game can use some more maps and stuff though.
daniels rex : not so easy to drive as i taught but still good, this game is addictive and relaxing,everyone should definitely try it.
templar helmet : gameplay loop gets a bit boring after a while, maybe add more game modes in the future.
greg vail : simple graphics style, but still outstanding! great time killer/leisure driving
richard : it is pretty enjoyable and relaxing, and so far they didn't try to force any premium purchases down my throat so all in all good.
tevan ramburrun : the game is good
ilkin aghayev : i uninstalled the app because i was stuck at level 7 despite fulfilling all requirements. after reinstalling i can't even open the game
mr legacy : i like how fun this is. it is great for everyone. earn vehicles. the coolnes feature is amazing.
ghostie : love this game. it's really simple but really hard, the graphics are nice too. i can't get enough, i can't finish it no matter how much i try, it's the best.
mohammadreza ghafouri : game play is not good
nyi zaw : the game is very good i would say
zain abbas : amazing i love this game
linda zwane : it is a good game amazing
jose jimenez : good time killer, easy controls and quick to learn how to play.
3 besties : nice game i love to play it in my free time. but it's hard to make it straight again after turning,otherwise it's a good game. try it once.
manoj sonvane : super text you copy will automatically show heretext you copy will automatically show heretext you copy will automatically show herepin copied text snippets to stop them expiring after 1 hourslide clips to delete them 9
jase allen : extremely hard but makes it fun
stsa : nice game i ever played
koketso starsign : it took a minute to get used to the control and the game is just so relaxing and addictive.. thanks for making this game
bad wolf : fun game, only played for about 10 mins but it is enjoyable and the art style is very cool.
angrygamer1224 : actually kind of fun, not always about driving in a straight line. good amount of cars to choose from.
mr butthurt : quite like a delorean, this is too well done for its' own good.
patrik rusinko : it's really boring, you pretty much drive forward and dodge other cars in the most boring cars ever ( getting a nice car costs tooooo much time)
jose joachin : so i like it just need to figure out the steering
badal bhagat : i want to get into this game & drive in that car through those towns & say 'hmm nice place'....the game is just beautifull . could u guys plz add 'tilt control' for this game?thankyou
pixelblend : i don't understand the concept of post cards. i drive for short period of time and get many post cards and less if i drive for longer time. and how do i even get postcards that is very unclear.
biswajit banerjee : nice one in arcade category ...only if it could save the progress in a map it would have been great
audi tt live reaction : pretty good overall but the car handling/physics could definitely use some work.
zdenek vavrina : love the game. it's got a sense of humour in it, old cars, nice environment. it's casual and fun.
riley momo : the game is very fun and i enjoy it, but there needs to be a way to disable the commentary, it is so annoying to hear the same voice lines over and over.
muhammad rizqi imani : this is a good game to pass time with.. but i wish i could turn off the voiceover sound, he sounds annoying..
tuhin dominic : really cool indie game. one thing i like about this game is that some how more fun is in how far i travel and not how fast i travel. good job guys. keep it up
paroshan naidoo : addictive and fun gameplay and easy mechanics to learn. really enjoyed it.
alexander gajic : fun to play while listening to music, looks good while also delivering a solid experience
tangent tang : kept crashing after recent update. became unplayable. will update rating after they fix it.
prabhanie liyanage : really easy and fun.love the easy controles and the cars overall a great well thought out game
md k.h.s noor : it's better than it's review. you want to play a real car experience game this is it. wow grafics and awesome thrills on each drive.bestest.
mehdi mosavi : so far it's pretty fun. i'll give it five stars after i play for a bit and i see how much advertising is forced on me.
hanz deorico : the game is noice:),,,,,controls need improvement:(,,,,,im having fun drifting controls are bad,sorry,controls need to be improved.
miles albery : good but feel like there could be some tighter corners. make it a little more challenging in a fun way
matteo bellemo : too boring, the car gets damaged too soon too easily. nice graphics tho.
arnav mediratta : great game! would be nice to have gyro controls for turning the car and maybe some more kind of power ups
instantnoodles 26 : super good you play for hours on end with no flashy ads for the in app purchases and even then you don't need to.
will e. : you only get a tutorial, you have to "upgrade coolness" of the car to play. don't waste your time.
kriss kross : nice game it's so good because it is an endless game i recommend add some drivers that you could use while driving.
vaanu sood : very bad steering control. over all game logically right, but gaming experience is too bad.
lay lover : this game is really fun and the design is very stylish and overall just great. seriously recommend this.
amar bamerny : good graphics and background music but controllers are really bad even if you upgrade fully the best car still cant drive properly please improve the gaming control
a google user : controls are just hard to handle, hope you guys put some option of custom controls.
ken brannon : i love this game
lokender rawat : it's new map is very amazing and controls,sensitivity and it's graphics are amazing
matyas galavits : the game is amazing, i really like the atmosphere. the controls are a bit confusing at first, but it's okay.
mechanix b : i like the game because it's challenging......doesn't push you through levels so fast ....most others finish too quickly
captain broadsword : i wasnt even able to start the game as there was no money to buy a car, so i just started the game looked at it for a bit and then deleted it!!!
elijah bernard : the game is fun for sure, i feel like there could be more cars, or add car upgrades!
rahmat saputra : difficult to master it
jeffrey shimmel : tap to steer is terrible. brakes don't work. didn't even finish tutorial. has potential, but uninstalling.
naveen bansal : graphics are great. controls are hard. game is unplayable.
dan namic : it's a really fun game with cool visuals and a nice art style. would recommend this game for sure.
michael webb : this game is fun unlock cars and get driving
sebastian bush : it is a fun, arcade (y) game with a different take on car control physics.
alen aji v : this game is just wonderful. its a great time killer and the graphics are just amazing. definitely worth a shot
benedict john dela cruz : cool aesthetic! controls are kinda tricky but once you get the pattern, it gets simpler to control
diego rodriguez : the gameplay is fun. however there is a frame rate issuse that makes the game immpossible.
prashant kumar : something new in racing games.controls are good enough to handle the cars.while you playing the game you engulfed in it how time passed you never know.
igelknytt : arcade, with not that many ads ruining your performance. the way mobile games were supposed to be like.
05. andrej jan durtka : great game and all, but can you fix camera mode? every time i go into photo mode id crashes the game! please fix this!!!
lucas broomfield : really unique art style with a nice soundtrack and incredible cheesy voice lines.
om shinde : good game good graphics and amazing concept. and yes it feels relaxing to play this game which i liked the most.
laundrystare : i'm not one to spend money on mobile games, but this one earned it. with so many cars, you can find an approximate match for almost any car!
asha joshi : game is awesome but the steering types bedded more . we need wheel or tilt types , then it will be best game ever
shayan gillet : the menus have motion controls but can't use them as controls? that's weird
soumen ghose : car game, drive and shoot, simple graphics and funny looking. nice to play.
shock : great keeper. i think it needs more customisation but other than that amazing. keep up the good work!
zyujika : very nice game, i would just like more cars and maps, but a multiplayer mode selection would be pretty cool
visakh vichu : the most addictive offline game i ever played. the funky animation gives a fresh feel among other driving games.
syed shafi ahmed : great mini game . nice physics. need more maps and game modes to make it much more fun
essy_loser : trash app the car is hard to controlso you cant keep it on the road and u cant pick up the caps so you cant pass the tutorial
game tv : that is not only game that is art
a google user : hi guys i play this game this game is father of race and best race and graphics are good but in this game i want handle,brakes,camera and multiplayer options so this is my advice please fix that in game
kyle cotnoir : the game is in the title. drive, buy cars and drive. a fantastic offline game.
pawan samdyan : this is a good infact a very nice game but there is a problem with the control there should be more steering options
zafer : really laggy on a oneplus 7t so by no means a slow phone. made it unplayable unfortunately even on low graphics settings.
siti sarah abdul rahman : just playing for a few minutes. fun and relaxing to just drive. thank you for the zen mode.
sanketh : pretty boring ... but could be a time killer ... wouldn't spend a penny on such a stupid game ... maxed out and stock cars literally have no difference in performance drives the same ...
ethan's adventures : great game the graphics are great.but could you add more cars like new cars to the game.
potato king : it is a fun and kinda addicting game. not everybody's type of game but i enjoyed it. i suggest getting the game and trying it out.
mohamed m. ibrahim : in the latest update, the game keeps stopping every time i try to open it. my phone is nokia 6, i need your help
fokus : this game is so good. but in my opinion the cars are to expensive especially the minis i have rated 4 stars. :)
justin domingos : i am loving this, the only driving game that i ever really enjoyed l. i would give you give stars when you ad multiplayer or at least lan play so i can beat my brothers xd
samwidge : this game is fantastic for the average zen player to your hardcore petrol head, on of the best driving / racing games i've played on a mobile!
likith reddy : this game has that aesthetic which makes me addicted to the game. even the gameplay is forgiving and worth the time.
dashcam journals : its hard to control the car. but the game is good. pls fix the car steering
a google user : this game is very good and also a good graphics like cartoon. lots of cars and roads.
vihanga prabashwara : graphics are awesome and the game backgrounds is fine. one of the best car driving games i ever played
amor the doggo frye : won't let me play it, i get on and after about 10 seconds it freezes and i can't do anything. i would really like to play this game, it is probably a good game but i wouldn't know.
prankatron 9000 : amazing graphics and awesome car designs. can't wait for more cars to be made.
itzz galaxy : one of the best game i reccomend to bring more places and vehicles to make it more interesting like the indian street and the cars over here.
hugo bossard : i love this game. the grafics are pretty beautiful and the gameplay is amazing ! i guess that one of my favorite game i ever play on phone :x
yeet yeet : can't restore purchases on reset progress, one star until this issue is resolved. major flaw not being able to at least get the money you paid for back
nitin kumar : what the hell is wrong with steering, i have tried changing sensitivity but it doesn't work that much...
nick kalil : i love the voice over and all the different vehicles. but one thing i'd change is to lower the prices on the cars by like 20 percent.
josemi alcaraz : controls are kinda sloppy but it's still fun. it has some problems with the hitboxes tho
d. jones : fun and i love the retro inspired atmosphere. has a lot of potential. keep it up
a google user : 5-star if you make the car bigger because i just seen that when cars are bumping into buildings the car door is so small and the building door is big.... so just fix size...
v1pnice : unique idea, could be better because not that many phrases ingame and they repeat like every 20 seconds and that's kinda annoying
matthew de amarins : this is probably the best racing game i ever revised its amazing! especially the graffics cartoon.
hgrianto : hill climb racing in 3d. am i right? also, some boxy cars would be appreciated. for a new map i would like a mediterranean setting, coastline in southern europe?
abdul subhan : great app you should download it
austin rides : good game for if there is nothing to do
rampuneeth : fabulous game just loved it
aditya santoso : nice game, i like the view....
stella aidoo : i think this game is one of the best game l have ever played
muhammad talha : this game is the best way to pass your time
hazlan halim : this game is awesome 5 stars
archer114 mcevoy : all it does is crash on my fire tablet
austin dowicki : game good, game free. play now.
dash molina : good game ive played it like a days.
marty mcfly : loved the fact that you all included cars from iconic movies like back to the future. overall great game!!
charita tongson : this is a fun game .... yeah thats it
lion gaming : i think it's a very good game
sean gangemi : like the art style
steve misati : nice app very enjoyable
myles fortt : great addictive game with a great style and selection of cars which you can customize
douglass levy : yes but it still need details
dionis cici : it's a very good game i like it very much
nick hill : i recommend buying the "wanagan" you'll thank me later......
witalakbou thuimai : thank for making this game
ali mehrjui : nice and fun gane
koby chapman : fun and addicting
tiru neela : it's completely different game l
jason charles : the brightness driving forward is way too bright and the developer should make a normal driving mode with brakes that actually works
lukaz manalastas : the game is good so i recomended it
john harrison : is so fun, play it
suazly 001 : it is a good game and i love it
liam young : this game is pretty slick.
darkair productions : very nice game
benjamin money : yes a good game indeed
ramakant dhondekar : this is nice game
sanjo julian : good for time pass...
hector macias : to be honest this is actually really good for when you're bored mey be a bit hard to control but after a while you will get use to it :)
toto geenen : you don't need *max coolness* guys, you can switch that on and off. in pretty much in the middle of the screen, how do you guys miss that?!
daniel ramos : nice game but horrible controls due to high turning rate and lazy camera. devs: please play tabletop racing and observe the control fluidity
timothy brackett : steering i think over steers but i have it turned down, bridge, mountain roads country roads city roads rain hail sleet snow, making money from car companies, parts of maps from real city places like la new york florida.
7th prime : this game is so great for vector lovers. i think "the coyote '73" is a lot cooler if it has red color option
beast man : there is no feature or way to skip the mission . please add this feature on the game because of this i can't level up
haiqal.a : 1st time playing... this is the best ever... hope your dev added a lot retro cars soon... for retro car lovers... this is for you....
tyler klescich : looks amazing but crashes and glitches on my pixel 4xl. not sure how to fix it.
daniel dowd : cool game too many lame ads
a google user : this is awesome i always waiting for this game...this game is realy retro and nostalgic...please can you adding some jungle at borneo and land rover defender camel trophy...
richard watson : surprisingly chill fun game, great for killing time
orca air : brilliant game well thought up and very well put together there is no glitches or any in game faults i can find and it is a totally briliant origonal idea 5/5
aqeef zalihan : its nice the graphics is good and there a lot of cars to choose
dry leaf : good game but if the camera would have been more close to the car then it would feel more cool to drive.
andrei hag : fun game. takes a little while to get the hang of it (especially drifting) but after that it,a great,addicting game
n allen : bad controls! everything else is so good, can't enjoy the game. don't be greedy, just fix this!
joseph neerbasch : so far this game is pretty fun. and there doesnt look like any predatory scams going on either wich is great!
star marzuq : best game so far , the concept and gameplay is totally new . very good work, keep it up
matt mitchell-tebbs : good so far, like the graphics and the controls are fun.
vandit agarwal : i love the voice of the man that speaks . i also love the graphics but please improve controls.
nicolas sajche : it's honestly pretty fun. takes a while for me to get used to drifting and ads aren't anoyying like other games
joseph quirante : really cool game, well made and challenging as well. awesome cars to unlock and love the coolness mods to it!
jordan carollo : its pretty good because of the handling difficulty and because of all the nice places you can drive
solergamist k.m : i think its rilly fun the way the maps chang and so dous the the items i think its rilly cool but i wish there wus a easyer way to drift in it like its not teribul but not ehat it could be but still i think it is a rilly amazing game
mohsen shahmohammadi : i like to meet the cities of each country and see their famous building, like eiffel tower in paris..., also i like pass the missions, and i like to ride motorcycle
aditya chafekar : not bad!...the game is really good....if you could add a tilt to steer option it would be greater!
ashutosh soni : wow, really enjoying this game, graphics are amazing, very smooth, premium game and also quite interesting and indulging
willem-g smit : great game it is just a little bit hard when you tap to hard. you spin out of control
sandeep mukunda : love this, the bright visuals and the seemingly endless setup got me hooked, i was a not a gamer until downloaded this one.
worst gamer : garbage, wworst controls and game method out there. i've played almost all of them and this is the worst.
caden smith : i like the 3d and there lot of cars.
tristan alberto : fantastic! i hope there will be an option to listen on my spotify playlist while on zen mode :)
brian martinez : the game is fun because sometimes it is hard to make a stop because a car is in the way. the game is also pretty hard because but it is still good.
adam ecsedi-papp : they asked me if i liked it, and oh boy i sure do like it :) it's a pretty nice game, and i really like, that i have a narrator :3
aaron : it isa good game and relatively easy once you figure out the controls .
caden dolan : this game is great but i would like it to allow you to customize your car not just colors but also wheels
shahzaib awan : nice game add some more functions like a big city in which we can drive any were in city also add racing rivals and more police which can arrest in game
babloobarjinder singh : i have played lots and lots of games like this but this was something different and amazing hope in the future you will add something new like drift thing or anything but new.
nolan : this is the true mobile game. almost no bugs and no pay to win. this a great game. have 5 stars. your earned it.
tero oinonen : developer is active in groups related to game, art direction and graphics are top notch and gameplay feels great.
e reyes : please add more challenges. i'm already done and now my only challenge is collecting more bottle caps. great game, tho!!
tom adams : good time killer. ads arent the most intrusive as with other games. decent little game.
rohan b : it keeps asking me to rate the game and i can't exit the dialog. the only option i have is to rate it. bad design.
crappy-o's they're great : very fun game i reccomend playing this if you like challenging driving games i reaky enjoy this game and if theres a second one im downloading it right away.
bugattish md : an amazing game. epic quality and so far no bugs at all! there's nothing wrong with this game and i think they did a spectacular job in making this game. good job well done!
momonga sama : great game, great concept, cool gameplay, nice graphic, but not for the ads, just too much
jeremy bates : unable to collect the tokens in the tutorial even tho i drive right into them. delete and won't download. do not recommend
lawrence how : good game but the ads are too intrusive and often. would be better if the ads are not that intrusive
darshil popat : really really good graphics, runs smoothly and awesome music.
ahmad hamza khan : feeling blessed to download this game.........a perfect simulation drift game for me. man you gonna love the animation and background locations of this game. love it.
tep3a : i love this game! it's fun and easy
todoroki gaming : first of all the grip on road is the worst even if you upgrade it and the controls are tge worst. ps:doint install this game.
dryw : not much corner variation but there is a simple sandbox area to play in. pretty fun.
bryce skinner : its an extremely fun game. it has a bit of difficulty, for me anyways but i really enjoy it.
anirudh jaswal : an interesting driving game with cool retro modern graphics and gameplay.
anant aggarwal : the police low and i want it that it's level will be high and the road is very low it has to big road but it's good it need bikes
alex leonav : seriously the best game to play in order to pass time. i seriously enjoy this game, a truly relaxing experience.
edouard martin : love this game, it has a perfect retro style and i love all the different cars and locations!
pro videos : it was really cool until my first crash where a long video ad played and i uninstalled immediately.
benjamin kosto : not bad! fun arcade type racing game. simple to understand but tricky to master.
noah burgess : i actually really like how the game works with a modern hill valle clime game and i quite like how you can get renamed cars of classics like the trueno or delorean very good game
silver surfer productions : what a great game. it runs very well on my device, it has a lot of content and it's free to play! i love the concept. really nice indeed!
casey lovato : great game only thing is if u have no money to buy content tll take along time to get the really good cars thats if it keeps u interested long enough.
tactical peacekeeper : i like this game,but plz fix a bug,the fuel never runs out on my phone,my phone is samsung galaxy a20s,also plz add bmw m3,lancia stratos and 037,gmc syclone,ford mustang (fox body),i will advise you by sending email.
anthony westcott : you guys did an excellent job on your game. definitely spent the $7 to get all the cars. great job!
410 yungbroski : the graphics are beautiful but the controls are ass. please stopping taking away my coins when u hit things that's so stupid.
nico mason : the game is great but it won't let me proceed past level 12 because it says i need to drive a car that wont unlock until level 15
nikita morozov : i like those little cars. too bad the modern design all look like spaceship.
mahdi mazloom : game is good. but has bug in level #004 "tufuyama japan ( not loading !!! )"
thomas power : i love the graphics but what i wish there was is like in smashy road (well renowned mobile game) where you can get a car roll.
neeraj sharma : this game is very good and graphic very asom
unfortunate gamer : pretty good. art and graphics are great. lil hard to control but other than that. is pretty noice
m. young : complete waste of time. uncontrollable and pointless. really needs gas and brake pedals. uninstalled.
shilpa bhagat : man that's amazing. it's kinda addictive too. graphics good, controls best, sounds, comments. loved it
andrew caver : honestly surprised how much fun i'm having with this. even when i make no progress it's fun just cruising along.
oratile lesibane mabala : first of all great game ,i was sceptical about downloading it but it's not even a few minutes but i am hooked.i am more of a real racing type of game ,in fact it's the best game i played in years
fuzail ahammed : i have never experienced such a driving car game. its unique in its own way and better at it too. loved it.
chase gamble : poor graphics hard to play
emilio diaz : it's been years since i financially supported a mobile game normally i just play them delete them and that's it but this game is so well made and fun that i just couldn't help my self and support them
ridwan ahmed : great games. really loved the offline experience. buy a car with good grip then you will earn more cpins
v.k vinayakan : it's so good and the cars are so good even my grandma plays this game
blake obama : so far loving this game people are saying controls need a rework no they don't they are good but the game does need more voice lines and a bit more gameplay
samsam ramos : nice game its all good, i hope you added more contents like more power ups, more cars, more world to drive and i know its in progress now
ren orion : actual decent game. good for passing the time and kinda difficult but rewarding.
beejay : it is very fun i think it would be cool if you added tilt steering and first person mode otherwise i highly recommend it
david hall : great game it's a new concept to me but i like it.
joe chafin : it's a hard game but it is fun when you get used to it.
motlacks baleng : what a great game in the history of gameswow! but its not that good if play it rapidly
zahir timpico : one of the best car games for mobile no cap
gaming tube gt : very fan and its graphic is very good
ayan : live this game. very good graphics
charles collins : i like it but it's hard to control the car
anele menqe : fun game to pass the time..enjoying it thanks
r vid : good game if can use stering tilt i think will be more nice.....
endo nesia : seems fun, a little ad happy.
e : this game is awsome no ads no nothing
christopher schoenaar : great game but the steering is wonky
nora ponce : there's a glitch you need to see is it appears every time
lois12 : this app is good but the steering is hard
matthew robinson : fun game and easy to play
khaing pyae phyoe : better without ads
miranha lokao : the graphics give it a movie vibe, so awesome
power brain : one of the best and addictive games ever created....
sprucesleet 9947 : i love the game play but it's hard to go to the gas
adwaid krishna : nice game. really smooth gameplay
baxia hayran : this game is great!!! the best car game i have seen.
sangeeta singh : the game is very good but add bike also
sofakingdeviant : game crashes at launch. galaxy s21ultra android 12.
nishabiju kumar : exceptional awesome game nice job job developers
roberta elie : best game ever i played this game one month and i never bored at this game good job
rudranil sarkar : what a nice mini game! love it.
night visitor : sorry, it's basic, didn't like it.
cianeane rukas : it's hard to play, but fun
max berent : it is lots of fun and relaxing
ramesh ramesh : i want a game like this and i done it so kind of you. u can read my mind
vlad dinca : driving on the wrong side of the road...
hena sara : amazing game keep up the good work
divyansh nema : controls are really bad..
tone tower productions : it's a bit hard but it's great!
cormier ioanis : fun and learn how to drive
captain skoriorio : pls update more jdm's on this game and pls more supercars i cry because youre game are too fun so pls update.....
jordan morrow : awsome game guys really good for when you have nothing to do
jatin mourya : nice game but improve game settings
thelma alonzo : nice game,nice soundtrack
jeffrey eestermans : sorry, find the game too boring..
kolano pigmeja : well made arcade, expected it to be harder but it's ok. i don't like inapps but it's not a big problem
bruno shaft : the game is good, a great time killer, but a little hard to control the cars.
niz ahsanov : awesome game with good graphics and nice drifting. also sooo many cars to collect! this game is epic!!!! thanks dev.
kitt delorean : game's great, i just wish you could see the missions while in the pause menu.
richard jones : not working at all on pixel 3. stops to show controls and you can't un pause.
vryx alexander bonzo : very good but i can you make the cars a little bit more cheap cuz its a little expensive but still a excellent game.
mangesh gaikwad : i really love this game. this game controlls are good,but brake setup need to change.overall game is very good.
fancy pepe : braking is very hard to pull off at high speed and not worthwhile at all as it only lasts for a second
headwave15 : this is really well made game.the controls are really easy and it can keep you entertained for a long time
littlepro : it's very good no cap it's just why i gave it 4 stars is because the guys should say more stuff like nice drifting when you drift or like what a ride to something like when you buy a car
tim aziz : to say that the controls are garbage is an understatement, these controls are way more horrible... uninstalling this burning trash heep!!!
shreyasc60 : i like the gameplay and the interface. the game is well optimised and good for relaxing. loved it!
kavita khokhar : at first game looks great but eventually it starts buffering and my system says app has stopped . my system has 6 gb ram
gesse olausen : its entertaining and fun, it's not full of ads and there is a semi-wide selection of vehicles
hamid abdessadek : not one to play games on my phone, but this one is a very good one to kill your time while waiting for late friends.
jay : good! my some advice: (1) add racing mode (2) online multiplayer racing mode (3) leaderboard (4) night (5) add more car like lamborghini & bugatti
phil.k : very fun and exciting game. its very neatly polished and runs very good, has cool graphics and is all in all just a very good game.
human being : good graphics but gameplay could be better. 4 starts until tilt controls are added
landon byrd : i just got in the game so far it's pretty fun unlike most games it doesn't have too many ads and it's pretty good it's a bunch of fun
masteregim : this game is great, only problem to me is the control... maybe add a tilt control? to make it more fun to play..
ethangamer101 : amazing graphics!!!!! love the game and also i like how it's 3d when you move you're phone.amazing game.keep it up!!
christian jalmanzar : a great game with great graphics and content the only prob is the controls but its a great car game
arjun s s : whenever i play, i won't exit sooner. very addictive... missing the old commentary badly... hope u guys add it in the future updates ;)
slydicai : i like it, very simple and easy to play, ads aren't bad, and even if there are any they arent showing some bad ripoff game, but yea definitely 5 stars dude
dudedo : best endless game. nice graphic, simple gamplay but enjoyable, and the car damn sick. i love it all.
jordeno campbell : amazing i remember when i was 10 this game was still in beta so i didn't know how to play the game cuz i was so stupid and i accidentally switched it to controller mode so on my other account i rated it one star because i thought the game was complicated lol
mark peters : downloaded game, the controls were awful. deleted immediately
antonious ethannael halim : great game ! but please add another control option, i suggest gyro control will be better than having to tap the screen
alpha : great graphics, fun and simple gameplay, lots of cars and customization
john carlo ongcoy : it is fun! the graphics are good easy to place and quite funny hahaha for the game creators. good job making this game!
lorenzo threadgill : the game is very good but you can't drive it because the steering is to sensative.
michael gyamera : outstanding update. the look and everything looks amazing than before! it was great but now, amazing!!!!!!!!
smit ojha : really loved the concept and gameplay...fun and a nice time killer, highly recommend!!!
srinath vs : i made a! in app purchase but the purchase was cancelled and money debited from my account. please initiate a refund
hassan gabriel syed : this game is amazing so becuse i give it 1 stars . the level 7 is so hard to complete becuse the drift 5 second in one run ist imposibe to complete it please remove the drift mistion ol
aakash kumar : game is more than just perfect and i like the voice "we could use some fuel"..but you need to add more levels please!
atharva creations : nice game, but i wish you control cars in game. because, it's controls are loose....
nazier simpson : very nice game to play, it would be cool if there is more upgrades like boosters and obstacles to jump across
chum chummington : game is fairly entertaining and overall relaxing love all the options tho i wish i could set the speed for the vehicle's for more of a zen type drive
duncan mouton : fun, relaxing ,enjoyable love the game wil forsure show it to my kids in the future when they have there phones and are old enough to look after it
paulo valencia : i liked a lot the essence of the game. it's not filled with annoying ads and you can play happily.
juan : i mean it's good at what it does. but i got bored quick. just maps and cars ......there isn't much to the game.
phillip szeglowski : neat game with enough difficulty to make you keep playing. the cars are really cool
dragon slayer dan : fun and arcade endless runner but a car and nice simple styled graphics.
sloppyspeedhorn : i love that the cars in the garage move as i move my screen. i also like the challenging gameplay
vu3aym : superb game! the best racing game on play store, period. kudos devs, cause this is one heck of a great game.
wahyu andhika : good game, grear graphic, fun sound. but too much ads. overall, i enjoy this. thanks
bunta fujiwaraa : when you're already used to the controls and handling..this game is the best! its so freakin' fun!
kaiser dandangi : nice playing game. but how do you drift? i didn't get the tutorial for it and it is a challenge for the level i am at. halp
ligin sebastian : this is great.but im not sure it has a linear progression, although i have played it for few hours only.so far i like it very much.
carter kallio : best game, if at the end you dont want an extra ad for an award, they dont give the extra ad anyways like ao many other games... and good gameplay in general
vipul patil : love the ux ... nice graphics in this compact game ... endless mode makes it fun to play again and again...
mr. master : pretty well designed game, love the narration. whoever did the voice over work did a good job!
mario vas : such a great game it is truly good but the game should be like a little more exciting like the police vehicles should increase in the chase.
tom mcpadden : excellent! everything from the interface to the gameplay itself is very well made.
asdfhuk : fun game. pro camera a bit iffy but still fun to use. wish there was a guide or tutorial on the powerups though.
mohammad irfansyah : the best implementation of unlicensed cars i've ever seen. keep it up. the game is awesome too.
abhishek p : so trippy bro! the music is epic. i see what you did there with all the gas stations and stuff. 4 star because i have a small phone ugh.
alexander krustev : great game! very entertaining, not too challenging and with awesome graphics.
tunde joseph : it's a very nice game, great visual and gameplay. keeping it simple and classic
n g : well presented, good content and unlocks - doesn't feel like you're grinding for the sake of grinding.
r.e.m : cool concept, nice graphics, satisfying ui - gameplay falls flat, feels repetitive
ivwes nwindy : fun game but i wish there were more stuff that happened during the driving.like set pieces or traffic i donno
tika ram ghalley : wrost game ever the controls are worst can't control well but the graphics are clear but i hate the control
sneaky jay : love it. more cars and content pls. also slower cars would be nice. and diverse towns
tom ndambuki : wow it's a very cool game. i love it on my phone always.
takara d : gameplay is good but need more control option n also add some japanese cars like ae86, skyline, rx7 etc..........
carelesshater69 : epic game. keep up the good work! suggestions : - add a daily reward system - upgrading cars - more stuff from the question mark like rockets
prateek pattanaik : i have not played this type of awesome driving game in my life... very addictive.. thank you so much for this stunning game.. keep developing the game more.
akalanka giddawage : nice graphics but the controls are boring. should add more precise controls
ron carpenter : fun little game to play.
zakir hussein : paid for removal of ads and supposed to get 75000 caps. i reopened and found out no caps given. what a dirty cheat. fix this problem!!!
shaurya sharma : i think pixel perfect dude has done outstanding job with game, it keep the player on toes ,that kind if of i like that keep person on toes
cread grey : it's a fun little joy ride but it's hard to unlock the other cars in it unless you want to spend money
noob buster001 : this is the best game not going to lie , if simple , good graphics , not paid to win , very nice design
balance : the reason i gave 4 star was that the game is a bit of laggy on 2 gb of ram and i think that it must be but so please fix it in the bus upcoming update
beloved bapple : love the graphics
the person : very fun to play when sitting around, solid controls, challenging but fun
vadim condurache : by far the best endless game, at first it is hard to master controls, but otherwise, 5 stars.
anirudh chidambaram : a neat game which is very good for relaxing and is so much fun too. loving the strong texan accent of the driver
ivan vuckovic : fun and refreshed driving experience. it's a game, not a simulator and that's what makes it so fun.
kalin angelov : oh i like the cars
evan harol : this game is relaxing the steering is hard but still is really fun it also has good graphics and is a fun game to play with your friends
shivakumaran : nice gaming but try to drive steering controls. because i know to drive with the steering. fix this alone
abdul rehman : very nice game
ace ntn : i was playing the game for a while and i had 20000 caps and almost 100 post cards and i didnt play for a day and when i went back on i had 15000 caps and 15 post cards ....emediatly uninstalled the game
we are the lamb : eh, it's ok i guess. i don't like the controls and i was hoping for soemthing more like classic crazy taxi.
giridhar m : best driving game for android... try at least once and you will love it. great graphics...
hardik anand : there is a delay in steering and the cars are way expensive, i mean we cant even choose the car's colour for free we have to buy that also
danymon jalili : so fun, graphic is awsome, realy hard controling and this is the cballenge of game, but after a while i think u will be better driver even in real world ;)
shankar boyeni : this game is very easy to play with many vehicles. i'm impressed with its graphics and controls
mr!sprinkels : i love this game, good graphics nd overall fun. i just wish it would connect to a ps4 controller and not only xbox
rick genier : its fun but not my favorite game i like how you have unlimited lives and i dont like how some cars slide too much but overall its a good game
akos benedek : very enjoyable game. very relaxing but after completing the game there is no real goal to grind for.
keino young : great game. takes some learning. controls are a little tricky in the beginning
r. dion ammar syarif : overall best graphic and controling, but please add button gas manually. thanks
sharingan sup : the game crashes at startup after a certain update, maybe 15 december one. will update my review after the issue is fixed.
kajetan rejek : cool game nice graphics
josh romel : simple and awesome car choices. i can't wait to unlock more vehicle options.
angry null : good game , great graphic , the gameplay is a liitle bit annoying but you will learn it fast , great job developers.
jul arno lambert : i loooove this game it's fun, addictive and everything is perfect but only one thing i'd change is the car shop/inventory but i guess it's the charm of this game
dewan madhurjjo : awesome graphics work, nice control, a wonderful background sound, smoothly feelings.
noah mangion : its amazing i love it and also it has my two favourite movie cars the ecto 1 i think and the back to the future car as well this game is smooth running
adnan : it's a great game but whenever i freeup my phone storage it's data get lost and i need to start again kindly give a option to save my gameplay
aps : great gameplay, effects and audio. liked the dialogues too!
egemen ozan : i really like the art style. its very "outlined" sort of like a comic.
king of dogs 22 : amazing game! great online and offline. plus many great and funny cars, one being my favourite car the delorean.
rikhil rosenpershad : very nice game,fun and entertaining.i like the graphics and the gameplay.would highly recommend people to download this game.
dylan jones : controls ruin the game. i love the look of it but the game play isn't good yet, i'm sure it has potential though.
ethan anderson : fun game, need more drift function. or maybe there is but it asked me to rate within 10 minutes of playing.
perry coates : it's a very fun game and it's just the best to play when you have free and the ads sent even bad at all
miyagi : forces me to rate it, outdated gameplay, this style of game has been done a 1000 times nothing here to make a difference, nothing to bring u back or make u wanna play it, just another cash grab with horrible adds
gokul : this game has so much potential than now.....it could become more addictive than clash of clans if it include some more ideas....
deepak patil : everything is good except the controls. controlling the car is very bad
v!g!l3nt dj : the game is smooth, clean, and fun! love the 80s cars most of all!
trey white : pretty fun game. controls feel kinda sluggish, but once you get the hang of it it's not bad.
maria theresa geronimo : add a dodge challenger srt demon i will be happy please????
vishwas g : please add more levels after finishing 20 or at least give an option to attempt the previous levels again without having to reset the progress.
dylan wallette : its a pretty good game, nust wish u could upgrade the cars or change the color or the looks
superflowerguy : everything is good except 1 or 2 ads every so often but in game credits are very hard to get
noah fabini : pretty much the best entertaining easy and fast to play game for android. gotta love the graphics.
clearwater path : its the most badass driving game ive ever played, im kinda new to the controls but ill get used to it, hands off, the bestdriving game ever
anirban : absolutely best offline game but can you guys add more realistic physics pls (over turning will flip the car) and add some drifting cars also pls ..and a distance counter (k/h or m/h)
calvin beamer : it's an awesome game and every addictive
arkadev mishra : concept is good but gameplay is very very poor, brakes are not working properly.
diogo : beautiful art and creative design, but terrible controls and gameplay.
papa eric : what a nice game
some_yeet_ boi : great game especially for free. rarely any ads and just a great game all around.
varun s : i don't know why people are complaining about the controls.... after 5 games, you get used to it. i love the game and have been playing from a long time.
glenn aus : graphics and the scenery is mind blowing! the gameplay is very good everything is good on this game
a google user : i really love it but it would be better if you'd give the driver a bit more time for'em to get the nack of it and then increase the speed
blake white : this is the best game i have played in a while. in fact, it is the best game i have ever seen in the world. i love the graphics and the polygonal design, making it unique in its own way
john doe : not an easy game. drift takes a while to get used to, but once you do it's a *lot* of fun. it's the atmosphere that does it.
f0gpie : relaxing and interesting, but it needs more content. gets a bit boring after some time
drew griffith : why am i driving so fast? who cares! i'm having lots of fun bobbing and weaving through traffic. fun to play, great artwork.
tom the cool : i recommend this game its for 3+ rated and it pretty cool nice graphics and gameplay and i have one problem can you make (#drivez)
michael brown : fun little time waster! neat retro feel, fun cars, what more can you ask for?
adbrct : neat little game. i'm obsessed with the designs of the car models in this game i just love the almost low poly look
kendrick fernandes : everything about this game is so immersive.. i've got totally hooked on this game the missions get really tricky as you progress
brad seegmiller : it's is easy to control and the game overall in the graphics are really good
arko saha : the camera should be zoomed in a little bit. but that's just a personal opinion. this game is very beautifully designed and fun to play.
the unknown darkness : great game but every time i press the revive button it just takes me back to main menu! please fix this bug
nejc bizjak : been playing the game for a while and it's really cool, it's kinda hard getting coins at first but it's really fun anyway
kamara gibson : i love the controls and i like that you upgrade the speed and stuff instead of buying new cars .
aderibigbe oluwatobi : awesome game, the gameplay and all that, would've given the five star, but still needs some improvements.
paul fraser : not bad but riddled with ads. you're basically forced to pay 5 dollars... and it's not worth it.
mustafa zou : overall i'm satisfied with the experience. good game, i'm still at my very first hours but first impressions are great!! i recommend it.
shubham battoo : love this endless driving game, already unlocked the 3 available tracks. make some more tracks really good game.
godson joseph sunny : game is very very good but couldn't complete the task 'trick the police' someone help or describe what to do.
taziah walker : love it, simple, money's involved but its a bit cheap and doesnt take majority of the game. just get it
sean shan : i cant play on samsung j1 mini .my phone have 1gb ram,i dont have a more money to buy the new phone. please i needed this game ...pleaseee can play in 1gb ram,always force close :'(
matthew pokryfke : need to have a career mode. game would be amazing. especially with the graphics
alex fernando : really fun game! it would be great if you could unlock / enable 60 or even 90fps.
m k : the game is good the controls and graphics are good but they need better car designs
finley allan : it was really fun i like it except there should be more options for revives and an easter way to get bottle caps aka coins
rendog77 : such a immersive, simple and addicting time-waster (in a good way ) with no need to buy premium purchases.
christhemyth : honestly a very good game the physics are awesome the chassis for the car is so good no complaints of your looking for a non stop driving game
denyce ngarah : i like the game its exciting the first few times but gets boring u shud include more racing activities and options it gets boring when u continue to play as is
ram kandula : 4.5 are u serious..? this game is sucks. difficult to control the car ,brakes are useless. i don't know how it got such high rating,may be they rate themselves
chris o'brien : very good graphics. sometimes it's not clear what the objectives mean.
joseph ciaccia : this game is really fun to play. this game is easy to adapt and has a simple goal. the currency in the game is easy to get and it makes grinding the game fun. overall, this is a really fun game that will cure your boredom.
m anderson : awesome. graphics are excellent, no bugs at all! well done!
jdm pixel : the game is really fun, has a really cool low poly aesthetic, and is overall really good.
sleepitv : this is an amazing game, i love the graphics and the gameplay is awesome, not many games are this good.
luis andrade : so i had this game a while back and deleted it. now that i'm back, i absolutely love this game. it's fun and challenging and it's one of the few games that i will rate
vasanta k : try try try until you suceed is the meaning of this game. wah! what a game it is! i tried and tried and i got how to play. this game is exactly a correct game for rating 5 stars. you also download this game and try until you succeed
matt thomas : just a really catchy, fun game. frustrating at first, but worth getting the hang of.
gether washington : quite a fun endless runner, without the dreadful lane system. shame my reflexes aren't that great lol
vaultking 99 : this game is a gem. let me just say in short it's a endless runner forza with music for and from classic car shows
jace caie : controlls are a little bit hard but the game is so fun and dont get me started on the scenery rate it 5 out of 5
captainsmasher jack : it runs well and feels smooth it takes a while to get used to the game but it's skill based
andy scales : not a bad game, adverts seem to feature alot between each drive though...
wolfking sam : great game just you should make the car invincible when you revive. most the time my car just viers off road. smh
dinoguy45 : really fun and just an easy game to spend a few minutes on while waiting or if you're bored.
anselmo silva : looks really good, but could be hard to master the controls, but i'm not the best so could be just me
noble six : love the music, love the retro style and the gameplay is awesome. i feel like i am im a movie
svh itcon : nice graphics. please think about adding an option to use the gyroscope for steering...!
purple gamex : im on the first place of the game which is drycrumbsand the game feels more fun and unstoppable to play thank yu for the creators of the "game". :}
aaron abraham : its just an awesome game to play . u must play it for yourself to understand the fun . it is also a good timekiller.
steven morton : its so much fun and is so easy to learn, and the graphics are absolutely phonomonal
k de la o : great game! lots of levels and fun. its got me playing it all the time trying to beat the levels
mir dulal : the comical graphics make it appealing & the gameplay is great. helps me waste time
jacob silverthorn : it's a pretty solid simple arcade racer. good for burning up some time.
tentaklebeard : so far so good. might actually purchase this cause the ads are annoying.
greg mrozak : works fine but you die in minutes. annoying and useless! don't waste your time.
asura diavolas : it was a really good game. graphics were phenomenal. it would be fun if there would be more levels.
max moreland : fun for mobile players, but is non-managable for a chromebook. i like the blocky graphics.
mohammed ahmed : great graphics but i didn't enjoy the game play for sorry, and i see the it will be great if you add a buttons like real car with wheel you understand me
debanjan dey : bro bro bro, this is absolute fun. controls are not too easy but you know thats the way you can enjoy it. i really love this game #drive
p. james st-fort : the game is good, i just don't like the two buttons breaking system and i can't change that.
justin gage : great experience. would be nice to have graphics settings to increase fog/render distance
aryo pradityoutomo : nice game, very simple to understand, lots of cool cars, and please add more area. thx
rob : only been playing for 5 minutes. it's ok. graphics are nice. bit repetitive
harry wilson : a very fun game with a lare variety of cars and maps and is a overall good driving experience
dow white : actually pretty sick driving game. ads aren't that bad, and the game has good style.
aneow : bad steering experience ever in all games. no goal or aim. just drive a stupid useless car till you get fed up.
kailey reyes : amazing game! awesome graphics! very easy to control! i love it! highly recommend! 5 stars!!
ryan kennedy : the game is beautiful, thanks to the developers!) upd: its amazing, back to game from 2019 and its beautiful 12/10
nath d. : fun, but kinda hard to buy new cars...also...why does the paint cost every single time you use it ??
kirb st0mp : this game is great and the driving physics are beyond fantastic. it's such a simple game but i'm hooked
karl ferdinand : i don't know if there's something that i'm not doing to be able to play the game but somehow i started with no caps at all and can't play because i can't get a car due to the lack of caps. i can't even get the cheapest car in the game. if someone has a solution to this i'll change the review
dewald greeff : the game is awesome...the graphics is outstanding...and dont get me started on the highlights
vishal xxxi : need a lot of improvement add gyroscope add more traffic theme is superb.i was not able to go through the sides. brake idea not cool
jamie thrailkill : i think then controls shud be more sensitive and respond quicker but the game is a blast totally a great mobile app!
vignesh poojary : playing this game for almost one week loved the game the concept the graphics but there is not more game modes makes me boring add some more game modes please love the game
jaylen hanson : love the feel of it, different from most driving games. it's not trying to be a game it's not like most.
hibiki : great game , really fun to play. easy controls and cute designs.
msh skcirdneh : lol i took this opportunity to uninstall it, it's a wack game there's no way u can get past anything, bruh, these ppl wu made this game should stick to board games and i mean not even mobile board games, i'm talking bout them tangible family board games, damn worst experience of my whole life, this some bs bruh
wan amir wan isa : great game but need to add more rewards, achievements and levels.
flux the cynic : the driving mechanics are pretty bc. nice graphic design though.
altrim selimi : simple and fun to play. is there any chance i can get the soundtrack of one of the circuit's? would love to play it while driving in real life.
fakhrul zulkifli : its quite fun more than i imagine... i really love on how you create this game... i really like if you put jdm slot in the game
king bazinga : pretty fun, nice to look at. i havebyet to get any new cars but im still having fun.
4bs0lut3 l4d : really fun game, pretty hard to get the hang of but once you do it's fun af. definitely recommend. also is a good game to play stoned lmao
dev maanus : lovable graphics..but why is it so hard...i can't play for more than 10 minutes inclusively...still giving 3 stars for your work..
haker aa cossiah : i love this game
marie georgette : good sensations, nice controls feel, great fun, u should definitely try it.
asifa sultana : its an amazing game its so good there are varities of cars and maps you can also customize and upgrade your car no lag no glichtes
lity music : it wont give me the option of reviving when crashing. fix that and other than that 5 stars.
marcus h : a good selection of cars some good graphics for a free game. i would give it 10 stars if i could.
lameck kanai : the controls dude are too weird, the car just turns like a robot , please have the vehicle turn normally, instead of all the swerving stuff
michael timmons : it's cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!;:'"*,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
anslem das : no bugs and can enjoy a smooth, tricky and a adventures #drive. top level game
orko safin : best time killing game. i want more different types of smoke or nitro effect on car like the phantom car. please consider my request and make it happen next update.
owen hintz : this is a really good game it would be better if there was enemies on the road like spike strips
crazyman1424 : great game i reccomend pro cam because of the controls id perfer to drag my finger left and right others would agree also fix the braking i brake and smash into walls xp
roger newton-darby : great game to pass the time but it need more turns and a wider road, maybe add in dual caridge ways or motor ways
daniel menk : fun way to burn some time! might be fun to add accelerometer controls in the future!
jaroslav marcok : love it. just a little more work on the car control and thats it. great work. 10/9
myat lwin hein : this game is nice .but can you do to customize the button layouts. that make me to nice for the game.
c biluk : stupid. i just want to drive around.not what i expected. car is too fast, hard to control.boring!
yannick anthony : this game is so fun and so realistic like when i was playing it i noticed that everything the guy says is so random in a realistic way. i really like this game and i fully recommend it
paul agner : it is so fun
john jones : its pretty fun, i like the style and feel of the game wish there was diffrent character voices.
phill shufftner : i skipped the tutorial and upgraded the coolness of the wrong car. now i cant play the game because i dont have enough caps.
miya kopo : it's good but the guy who's next to me says the same thing over and over but i'll give the game a 5 star because the game is endless different maps to
nk artizan : not bad.... game runs smoothly after the first start up which was bad ...i got a lot of lag so...anyway worth downloading!
shafeeque c a : good one for who is messed up with all other games...good controls and not so boring though. thank you developers
jigsway cuttlepop : add a game mode,more maps more cars and also add people to more realistic.
harshavardhan malla : graphics is good! controls are tricky.. kinda reptitive.. not intense..
paranoid clover : man, this game is quite good. interesting in it's own way. :) why i haven't seen this game so far? i guess ps is kinda useless not showing every games.
liam knightley : really fun. nice shaders and art style. i really liked the article you posted about its development on 80.lv!
thomas e. : best mobile racing game
skywalker sohan : this game is fun and hard at the same time. and cartoonish graphics suits it better.
greyf32 : would prefer a classic racing game style instead the curent game feel more like a colecting floating tigny grind and make it boring time atack would be better like dirt
lawrence : i like the detail of driving on the left in the uk. fyi, police lights are blue here. ;)
gary robinson : how do they brakes work, once you have pressed them they do not work again. hated the brakes.
shogun of flame : great game great graphics great car selection over all a good game one request i would make is for there to be a story mode but that's just me
loss : very cool!! i think devs should add speed, mini map, some missions :)
ahmad hanafy : the update is great specially giving up a heads up to the coming vehicles, stations, service and all the stuff
48 vishwakarma om x c : work needed on photo mode
ali khassanov : nice controls and graphics, good, but gets repetitive.
anonymous sparrow : its awsome one of the best i had ever played.ioved this game a lot . it is the best game to kill boredom. good work pixe perfect dude ,u have done a great job good work
egy bolhacska : no gyro = no stars! buttondrive in a driving game is so backstabbing. get with the time its not that hard. check 'how to gyro game phone'. why make the game bad for no reason?
ruben chaudhury : amazing game!! totally love it... i have completed all the missions ..hope the devs come up with more...
kelvin cope : great game. would be good if there were check points so you didn't always start at the beginning
mr shantnu : awesome awesome game . superb work by the makerssss. completely free and enjoyable and entertaining game .
kristof jozsa : ads. play 20 seconds, to try to learn controls, watch 20 seconds ads after every single mistake.
chow delpato : the game is really cool just think they should add a customization to make your car cooler.
joshwin daniel : brake mechanism is complete trash. can't slow down the vehicle when needed is utter trash. no wonder people use modded version.
mr shenanigan : this game is really clunky and had overly sensitive controls. the framerate is disgustingly bad on my samsung galaxy note 9. it's really just jot very fun either.
meta : this is a really fun game,plus it has a lot of cars,but controling it is pretty hard.
nick pearce : pretty good, graphics are nice and it has a little bit of challenge.
zakaria benguernane : the game play is too slow !
stealthninjacat gaming : this game is awesome! i really like the idea. (especially the honda city ;) this game is worth your time.
clement dahan : tough at first but it's better that way. i really like the graphics and music :)
triamgle : amazing game. i love the art style and the funny car names. 12/10 would 100% recommend.
alec sanborn : this gamenis really good. great game play, great graphics, great handling on the cars
yel gaming : great game. i hope you can create a game this but with twist of zombies.. that will be great much. adios.
arif juna : great game! it would be awesome if you either have a motorcycle version of this or add some here.
balarama krishna : addicted grapgics and gameplay but the major drawback is that of no revive option and you have to add more cars
maximdj12 : i think this is a great game. i would like a voice line for the driver to remind you about the donut that you missed when being chased by a cop.
ady m : terrible controls (i tried all the control schemes and tried adjusting the sensitivity)
naz naz-rol z5 : what a challenging game.. it's tough to control but i enjoy it and like it..
roland steenbeek : infuriatingly hard to drive. steering is impossible. don't know what the point is really.
javas anaqy : i like this game because the control is easy and the scenery is good. thanks pixel perfect dude
kristen verbeek : worst game i ever played it sucks i can't even drive 1 second without crashing it sucks don't play this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! >:(
rory bourke : love this game
misha mlinar : nice graphics, great gameplay, fun and challenging. a++
jp van der walt : so much fun i am so addicted to this game though it wouldn't kill you to ad a starter pack with power ups and new cars xoxosend thanks to the makers 10/10
adriaan van den bergh : the 30 second ads are horrible! way too many ads.
zachary burkhart : it kept prompting me to rate the game. i got annoyed so i rated it for them. i hope this is what they want.
salman khalid : at start i was not aware of all the features, but once i got , the game got amazing for me. really nice game.
okina : great time killer with decent graphics and cool music. would be nice if added more cars though
arvel barcinal : a simple game that is easy to follow the instructions. and the graphics are awesome.
joel perolino. : i played this game over a month ,a i don't get bored ,but there's a bug in tufiyama ,hope you fix this , and also put a daily log in reward ,
lonesome feazell garage : this game is a blast easy to play for a while lots of really cool cars to keep u interested i have alot of fun on it
zenon samuels : fun game with cool graphics and overall concepts! please include an aston martin!
impulsive : amazing cartoony graphics but the controls need an improvement.
tired 1330 : the game is fun it has a lot of different things and the longer you play the runner it gets.
nathaniel adhi windratio : the game is nice! i love it! but i want you to improve the control and add more maps
sri ram : the gameplay and graphics are really good, but it kind of becomes boring after a while.
skipthedude : good game not many ads, when there are they can be skipped. gameplay is solid and has a high skill ceiling.
redheartrecords adams : a great game and no need for in app purchases . play for free and have fun without it costing a thing .
johnathan hardman : honestly a well built game. a lot of fun and relaxing. a great time killer, too!
bjrn again christian : could use a tilt control option for steering and left button brake, right acceleration only gripe.
fml : this game is so good. i like this games. good drive simulator on the classic cars.
keshaun summerhill : best vintage game: the game is pretty good, i like the controls and the basic feel of the game
adie henderson : good cars and graphics but it's really hard to get into the stations
someone to smoke with : it's pretty fun but you have to have quick reflexes and asli if the game was open world it would be sooooo fun!
junior paradis : enjoy the game easy easy to play and pass time, could use more cars with pop up lights and trucks just saying
kamla patel : very nice game,please make more tracks such as new york, paris and please give a steering control to make it game
chris fanning : fun game ti sit and play for a bit. the graphics are appealing and i like the physics .
crezzative : what is "learn to drive" task at level 6? i try so many thing and it does not work, until suddently i am level 7 already without doing the task.
archis anupam mohapatra : amazing, and fun to play! could do with a couple more maps.
k a u s t a v : good game but it could be more fun when you add ramps,air tricks,loop etc. overall excelent game #drive
mayank vaidya : this game is very good but you should add a feature that can customise cars easily by our own choice
user account : nice game. remove black bars on top and bottom with matching colors.
nihar joshi : wonderful game with excellent graphics. the physics is especially commendable.
triston mannelli : i have no troubles with this game, it took a little bit to figure out the controls but once you get it, it's really fun.
yash : very cool, unique graphics , cool control ,with challenging levels
lance darby : excellent game play, driving controls perfect and dope graphics!
david o : very decent game. funny voice over and good controls. also no ad overload which is nice
micheal ogunleye : "rebel bubble" is located in which town in the game? the game's great and fun to play.
andreas orschulok : nice game, quite relaxing:-)..without paying, the progress is very slow though.
a google user : i wish you could put some tilt mode in the game. i cant control it that much. but its a good game!
mine what : this game is great and i would recommend it to anyone but, i would love to see more cars and more colors and maps.
botond bator : i'm back after a year. the game changed a lot in the positive way. it is a cool game, thanks for updating! kepp this way! (:
russell jarvis : i found this by looking on the selected games page and it's good try to dodge other cars more obsicals power ups no adds it's a mobile game dream!
andre mclean : great game, i like the whole concept behind it so far. do your best improve it, peace.
halo titanfall : it's a decent game, definitely worth playing.
ecsm m : amazing driving game and experience and there is almost no ads that is a definitive plus
adrian m thepro : very fun and challenging has high replayability and plenty of content to unlock.
jacob lascar : when i was buying a pack with real money it said the transaction didn't work but then a few minutes later it took the money but i didn't get anything for it
clayton dunn : pretty good game loaded right up and does not lag. i also love the graphics style.
vivek prasad : hey devs please fix this new update, the game crashes on startup and this has started happening after the latest update a few days ago
ayan sharma : controls are the worst. i could have negative 5 stars if possible. worst controls of all time.
junaid khan : game graphics are awsome and i have posted a gameplay on yt.but comtrols of the game are too difficult you cannot even pass the first target in this game.very difficult gameplay.hope you will make this game easier in the upcoming update.
popothepig : really good game,graphics are great and so is gameplay. i recommend to someone who likes cars
jakob evans : fun game to play, a little squirrely at first but you get used to the physics quick it's a fun game and makes time go by
david marie : the game is so fun and i'm still playing it since i was small and boy is so gudd to play it again, it's the best game tht i could never forget
oscar rich : amazing game, one of the best! one thing, could you add a female voiceover for the woman avatars?
taylor utterback : very nice. very chill. all around fun. edit:i really like zen mode and pro cam together it's really i m e r s i v e
shid : best mobile game ever, it's simple ,fun and gets updated every week!
wim oweh : forced ads. garbage gameplay. mindlessly repetitive. low skill low effort.
max dugan : fun little cartoony driving game. ads are optional which is nice
ko bhone : u should play this game. this game has good graphic and many cars.
synner : it's actually rlly fun and addictive when you're bored and have no internet and i only got rid of it to get space
mercy adeka : this game is absolutely fantastic but please can you put two controls
jackson bwalya : good game but needs improvement on the graphics and controls
fiona mccaffrey jones : very good graphics are great i would love to see a ford capri
vikram singh : this game is very hard to find but once you do your go na have some funnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
captain price : i love the whole game but idk why after the last game november 17, today 18 november the game is showing the intro and then just black screen idk why please fix it
domini quarz : i enjoyed this game a whole lot.... basically, there are no "required" in app purchases..... which is great.....
nirmal .p : nice game but locations like mars japan, etc are continuously crashing after crossing some distance.
dhanveer solanki : super cool and challenging game controls are hard which makes it fun really cool game by pixel perfect dude
francis sarion : its amazing the graphics are very realistic and easy controls hope you guys do mire games like this
johith vinayak : great game very simple graphics but very effective. kudos to developers!!
jordan p : the rate of updates on this game are absolutely mad. keep it up, but also get some sleep devs, yeah? although some bikes and trucks would be cool.
aashu shakya : please upgrade it like in gta vice city driving a beach site car name oceane simply you can add more drifting and some turns and corners thanks.
rita wagade : amazing game make me happy i love this game very much
justin king : if you upgrade your vehicle too much, it wont let you us it without paying more for it.
aromal rajal : controls are really bad
ahmed moamen : this game is so fun and with no wifi the controls will be hard first time trying it but the game is. sooooooo much fun
hykl : pretty fun, but i can't get the bluetooth controller to work. probably just my phone
contactflyer 25 : it's a really fun game with awesome graphics and an amazing personality. i can't stop playing!
andras magyar : good game for chill and for waiting, but you have to grinde quite a lot. the dev team shoud add more track available in the start.
animeted stoner : looks good but it's not letting me in the driving part of the game it just goes black and goes to home screen
caleb smith : updates caused me to get dizzy in the menus. originally this game was 5 stars but updates have cluttered this and made the ui worse.
jesus castillo : i purchased an avatar for 200 postcards, but then when i re opened the game today i didn't have it! and didn't have the 200 postcards neither! the game literally stole me. please fix this.
thomas adkins : it was alright. upgrading the car seemed to make it more difficult to drive, though.
jadzaher8 : players who complain about hard controlles are just noobs , the game is amazing , addictive and fun to play .
pranav gutsknight : awesome!! retro.. developer i literally want to say keep updateing the game its very nice go on develope... add new new things in it it will be best ....this time will come soon
james alvarez : love it..very fun!!...i downloaded this game to check it out ..i play alot of mobile racing games and this one is very good..keeps my attention and it is very fun..
sibiraj v h2071 : its a great game with many maps and extraordinary graphics in it ,u should really try this one,
andy morrall : controls are horrific, ads excessive. looks quite nice though.
snap countersteer : the game itself is addictive and challenging, yet never feels too hard. i love it!
clapped gameryt : pretty good in my opinion compared to the others i mean yes the game isnt the best but it still is a pretty cool and fun car game at times when your bored
harsh singh : developers are great they understand the problem and improve it lets come to the game so it is addictive game with so much fun you must give a try
gift henson : i selected a car and where i want to drive after the screen went blank and the game stopped playing plz fix it!!!!!!
brendon abbott : all around really fun time killing game, good graphics and pretty challenging!
jason : one of the best android games out ther. but i wish you could customize the cars more.
hakiim r : this game is fun, not much about it but it still a good and fun arcade game, the voice is what make this game a bit unique
counting days : constantly crashing when game starts. happening to me for 2 days, please fix.
javad s : the car is very difficult to control
silent llama : extremely hard to control the car which made it frustrating but good graphics
krista : minimal and fun. controls take sometimes to get used to.
s v sumanth : completed the game fun af would be better if u bring more unique challenges...the current ones r too repetitive
goat sheep : devs, stop adding cars please. add new maps to drive on. edit: they added new map! full star it is
brian young : too many adds. can't get a feel for the game before adds start poping up constantly. deleted
roberto russignaga : the first 20 seconds of gaming and you get 30 second of ads. ridiculous. removed.
aayden ramos : its an amazing, addictive, and super impressive game for a mobile game, 100% outstanding.
alpha jib : pretty nice game. fast enough to play while waiting and fun to make you want to play more.
david samuel biji : super cool game normally i am not a fan of games but this one caught my eyes and playing this game is so fun because of the weird but cool graphics and please add the game for macos and windows
luca cammarota : fun and addicting, just wish that in app purchase for removing the ads were a little bit cheaper
sastra : great game, devs are not money-obsessed, was not really pricey. 10/10 would recommend. great experience
dylan rees : the game isnt letting me lauch it when ever i click on the game it sends me straight back off could you please sort this out but otherwise its a great game
solo yo : awsome game and ive been playing for ove 3 minutes and i am in love, nice graphics and great gameplay, the only flaw is... um... let me think
jake parker : it,s honestly pretty fun, there's a little hiccup once again n a while but maybe that's my phone.
jacob grimes : kinda just a stupid objective and pour controls. looks amazing but i guess it's just not what i expected haha
agent v12 : i'm an addict to this. barely any ads, no begging for reviews, wholesome developers, this game has it all. this game has blown all expectations away.
riyad rijvi : something to try out guys... feels old school bt in new way.. good old game with new artwork physics .. good jov devs & please incluse 2nd option for button controls.. love from bangladesh
zabran mikail kharis : this is by far the best mobile game i played in my liee it doesent have many ads and the graphics its just muah perfect you know what i meant download this game its very gooood
c. tarun kumar : overall great concept...and good game.. i think the controls can be improved
subhash kshirsagar : the best game i ever had. it is simply endless. and the controls are really awesome. loving it
pedram ahmadpour : bad control. game's handling doesn't support phone tilt sensor. i hate to handle my vehicle by touching.
super gamer : this is really cool game where you can buy diffrent cars and upgrade them to drive them in diffrent maps
baconeez3 : i wish you could see how many caps you have while driving. other than that, amazing game!
marcin wawrzonowski : great racing game! nice visuals and a pretty enjoyable gameplay.
justin gilbert : first 5 minutes in i love it, great game! should consider different controls options
cranberry king : this app definitely needs more downloads because it only uses ads to revive but nothing else and i like the graphics
shakazulu tilden : really fun.. can master it and it even more funner.
daniel deans : this game is fun i guess but there isn't really much to it, you just drive along the road and crash alot
kyle watford : great game but it would be nice to have a small daily gift. like some caps or postcards.
theyiffystick : game has a lot of quality to it the devs actually put their heart and soul into this one unlike most devs of this genre def a good pick up
aleksvuk : pretty good concept but the control's are a bit off. anyway great game.
hubizel : the game is amzing if you like right left touch car games you should get it and the graphics are like a comics and the action like when the police chases you its like in movie get the game its
scotty medley : control is a nightmare! not interesting enough to peak interest to keep trying
mark a. : horrible touch controls, annoying ads with no option to disable.
sunglasses cats : great gaming experiences with these beautiful background and bgm. one of my favourite time killing games.
carson hill : great game amazing graphics easy controls and a unique artsyle almost no adds and nothing locked behind paywalls
xander leader5000 : this is an incredible game easy controls helpful tutorial. i cant put this game down!
michael van der vyver : good fun, interesting cars and roads. nice relaxing fun that can get challenging the longer it goes
potato wagon : why in the world do you need access to my google drive account? i understand needing access to facebook or google play, but for what reason do you need access to my google drive?
arnolds : the game is made well, but the gameplay is lacking in my opinion, but for those who enjoy these types of games, this will be a treat.
oka aryadi : overall great game but sometimes you cant turn left or right. would give 5 statrs if it gets fixed
ayesha mustajab : i love this game
meazi miky amanit : i like the game and graphics
parsa pakdel : no ads , great gameplay , cool music , best game i've ever played on my phone .
khalil bnf : deleted it after the first drive. that's what i do to apps that make you watch ads forcibly.
strategic hero kfp hr manager : the graphics are good and its a fun tine killer, i wish you can more ways to gain more coins
mohd. fatah : i love this game so much...i just hope that i can see my score (coins) in zen mode while in the race.
ben fixes everything! : hmmmm.... do i not download a mediocre racing game or am i cool with letting these guys sell my data to whoever they please?? #bye
drifter legend : i enjoyed the game but since the newest update it won't let me update the game even though i have enough space. will update it back to 5 stars if it works again.
nick fortyniner : could never agree to terms and it crashes after 2 seconds. i have the pixel 2 xl
asi_authentic : amazing game.10/10.thanks for hearing me out on fixing the performance.my dad and i really bonded over this game seeing who would get the highest score.thanks for helping me bond with my dad more.just wish there were more good games like this.
angelo exe : isnice. don't forget to find the control scheme that suits you in the settings
pavan kumar : everything in this game is responsive and graphics are very cool. game is perfect dude!
joshua parilla : the game is good music good but i wish there will be more content update music update like synthwave or retrowave music
greg swann : pretty cool,,,,just a little to fast for me to do well
vinod shrestha : nice . full of fun and graphics are good. i enjoyed this game when i feel bored. that's a good game fr time pass
taine steele-allen : very good game, fun, challenging with easy to grasp but hard to master mechanics
euticus kibugi : awesome game experience.plus the fact that the cars are classic makes it even better.thank you and pls create some more awesome games
mastro gaming : it has a very good graphics. but graphics is not everything in the game. it is good for playing for not getting bore for sometime.
moje igrice : grate game, great phisicks goog gmae faiv star
ctiffyan : this game was fun to play... but soon (i mean waiting for new update) became boring. and anyway worth to try!
josiah lambert : pretty decent so far, the small bit i've played. if i continue to enjoy it, i may just up the stars.
jo g. : beautiful, but i suck. maybe i'll get better, probably not. the steering is very sensitive, i'll try to fix it.
deca saint : stupid controls. impossible to collect the caps in the tutorial. overall very bad game.
t1xfull : pretty enjoyable! at first it looks like those trashy mobile games but after a bit of playing it was pretty cool to play
a google user : it is better than good game but i uninstalled it because of it controls so please add steering wheel and tilt in controls
james carpenter : controls are slightly difficult, although that's what keeps these game tooling. quite fun
isaiah weedon : i love this game sooooo much the animation is spot on and it just makes sense, its also very addicting
p. sethu aravind : it was good. the developers should tune the braking systems and add more hypercars....
salome nkongho : the game is good but the controls are hard, would like if their was multiplayer with higher grahpics im not complaining but thats my suggestion
unnop alpha : very nice visual and very nice tough into details. very basic arcade and simple one but very fun as well
eli sheldon : fun game grate time killer i do think you should be able to upgrade cars but it's still a really fun game
tshiamo ntate : the is perfect i the graphics are clean and the controls are on fire, i love the game
henry lopez : nice time killer. it's a fun game u can easily put away and take out again.
abdullah khair : not too shabby for old school styles, but need to keep working on the controller
rain besin : this is the best game i ever played, please add more cars like the toyota supra also add the toyota 2000gt they're famous!
rahul thosar : the controls take some time to get used to.. but once you get the hang of it, you will start enjoying the game
m a : game is good but it gives only one free trail after it we have to pay 2usd. you should have kept it under paid games
manoj jadhav : nice game but add some multiple options or any other races with us
gabriel castaneda : oh my car soo col i love it its a bit sus
dakota allan : great little casual game. easy to pick up, hard to put down. so glad i found this one!
steve rushton : very interstate '76 looking with a good gameplay hook. definitely worth a download.
theodore mina : it's good but we need weapons for the game and it's impossible to take any good cars so improve the game
elvis velez : this game is great but i gove it a 4 star because when you hit a random car you explode mabye make it to were you can take more hits
grapefruiter 146 : i like the new zen mode its very awesome but i dont like that when you swerve around the road you car bggins to drift fix that pls in the the next update i reccomend it
daniel salmon : everything is great about the game no complaints but it would cool if i could play music from my library in game
ben van meurs : good game. good graphics. custom upgrades would be a very cool addition
non : got addicted to it in a matter of seconds. simplistic yet it does the charm.
mitchell fjn : fun and interesting game, controls are a bit finicky but it's pretty good to play
subjith ts : cool.....love the artstyle.love the cars,maps,graphics....
ickx tan : bad controls! brakes are not working! you should made a workable brake and gas controls!
luis dejesus : is honestly good give it a try is not one of these pay to win
angel adan : app makes you immediately sign a privacy policy to begin playing. privacy policy states they allow 3rd party companies to see your personal data, all for a game. uninstalled.
subham lakra : nice pure simple game with great graphics just struggled at first but once you are used to it is very addictive
nelson correia : so far so fun. great visuals, smooth controls.
ask questions : i love this game. the only thing this game needs is more locations. i know is hard work but this game definitely deserves it. keep up the good work.
cliff palmer, jr. : nice graphics bit just another endless runner trying to spend money on iaps or watch ads to be able to play.
yusenpai rin : everythings good the graphics are great and i really like the design of the cars
kym-marie coghill : good game just one thing just fix the steering ok because it feels like you are drifting rather than turning but still great game
anthony lye : great relaxing and fun game. no requirement to pay to win everything is achievable by just playing thank you
pablo escamilla : this game is lit. it has a cool art design. many cars to choosen from.
ajay : non sense game, it feels like a car version of subway surfer (which is also a boring and sense less game)
andrea yanez : it is hard but it is fun there is a lot of cars but it is hard to get them and there are place that the can get also it is really fun try it
alma villanueva : this update is the best because the controls are now smooth using and i will give this game 5 stars.this is one of the best car games i played.
lui : its a nice beautiful and such a simple game very relaxing too i love playing this game always and it has awesome graphics i reccomend this game for anybody including offline ppl i hope u guys enjoy this game aswell
atomic shark : everything is prefect ,the pricing is perfect,and i have not had any bugs yet!
kristjan paul de los santos : like the game. can u please test if the game is good with tilt controls and if it is can u add it.
graham sutton : good driving game. there isn't really anything to complain about. (it takes a real picky type to do so)
aidan winch : a great endless driving game but since the latest update the game crashes constantly on startup.
sergio v. castruita : very fun game, easy on the ads & micro transactions, awesome cars & graphics
michael f. : wonderful arcade style endless driver! i like it. nice and relaxing.
deven oscarson : fun game graphics are fun replicated cars are on point. would like to see game grow
jr phone : its really good, the graphics are awesome, the gameplay is great, and it's worth the try
alem : i love minimalism, simple offline games, i love cars and this is one of best games i ever played.
gurjot singh : a very classy game, retro style feeling. overall design of the game is very good
marcus laine : the game is very hard but if you have max sensitivity it turns tighter which helps alot.
chl d : very well designed, fun gameplay and not too expensive. it's perfect!
juan espinoza : this game is obsessive i can't stop playing it. u get new cars for every level or stage u pass
owen perry : not bad! although i do feel like the cars should have more variety. still a good game!
brenden fisher : good game overall but i they could add like a mode where u could steer freely right to left
dylan maguire : great game...i could easly see this bieng a pc game...great work!
sarthak chaturvedi : game is very nice. but the car really does not stops . and end up crashing
rishit rishit : great graphics . best game than pubg , real racing 3 i prefer this game for low end mobile it will run smoothly
lodewijk bergkotte : very nice game, looks great, fun cars and nice gameplay but just a bit too hard!
sxuffed : this with some nice music honestly is very fun if only there was a racing mode it would be a 10/5
liam ryan : very fun, too much advertising and buyable items. good overall.
tyler dankenbring : graphics are really nice. good sized garage. runs almost smooth on my old s5.
carmine ruscitto olewinsky : the kind of game i reccomend to play when ur bored. especially if u have a love for cars.
a google user : good time killer. easy controls with great graphics.
w. brian. not important : it's a fun game to play. just started.
google spud : overall decent game. good mechanics like a lot of other phone driving games and it's addictive
south side surpent : nit shure the game is nit good
arnab bhadra : epic gameplay, love the game style and design, impressive graphics .... loved it ....
kenneth brewer : the mechanics are hard to get at first but the game is very fun once you figure it out. 4/5
adam cozzoli : the best game ever the only thing i wish you were able to get more coins other than that everything is fun
stephen rose : if you like constant ads and horrible driving controls this game is for you.
vj theggamer : pretty good graphics, kinda hard game for beginners, overall a good game.
matthew ward : its a good game
steve vazquez : only played for about an hour but the game seems great! i'll give an update about the game in about a week.
zeich : this is a very good game the very frequent updates really keeps me hooked to the game and makes it more enjoyable to me. the controls are very good. so overall its a very good game.
komolafe ilerioluwa : i love the game and also it's really nice polygon graphics but later after playing it for like two days it seems boooooring and i easily get tried of it
dawn parsons : nice game, learning the controls is taking some time, but fun.
n _hito : please add more content, cars, cities and would be cool pvp races. 1v1. or at least racing with a phantoms of other players. and my rating going be higher for you.
raabit hassan : the control is so horrible... and most importantly there is no tilt control in this much sofisticated game
takeshi nakazato : really good game, but your can wreck your car easily just by running into a car.
idk ask him : well it is amazing but i wish there was a first person the controlling of the car is amazing to
sijina shafi : the good game is entertainment game #drive no lag no heating problem high quality graphics the game sound exactly is enjoying gaming thanks for
hendrick ryan : finally found this game.really fun game as i remember!
sudarshan karhale : wow! impressive graphics and gameplay. you are really pixel perfect.
3sr4ever : this game is fun, when you get really far, you get into it and you just want to do it over and over again so you can get all the cars and places
king : this is an awesome game , the graphics are so good and smooth ,the game is pretty relaxing
roman beysembaev : a nice game to kill some time, but it's very repetitive so it gets boring quickly
orge : love this game
a google user : just amazing! loved the animation, loved the game play, ... just awsome.
eric culp : lots of fun very addictive keeping control is a nice added touch makes you pick up your skills
shah alam khan niazi : great game. the idea is simple but they still manage to make it entertaining and addictive.
jdg jdg : pretty sick game tbh. however i would change the amount if caps that you are given everytime you end a drive.
subhadip : game is little easy... make little hard... overall game is very good... good controls.... good work....
serxho cara : game is really good but it needs some improvements on the characters but besides that the game is amazing!
sirbeanman : this game is a very fun car game, i like to play this in the car when bored. great time killer too!
zek zaqwan : i really like the simple control and the kind of talkative driver.
nyi mas dasima : the game is great but the control is bad or maybe add a tilt control is bit better
saurabh sashi kumar : simple yet gripping. nice way to while away time! well done devs. love the concept.
you're average gamer : it's so cool it's like faily brakes but u have brakes it's so cool and the powerups nice keep up the good work
extreme gaming : it is very good an glamurous game.but i gave it 3 stars because this game was intresting only for 5-6 days after that anyone can bore with this game.
justin's gaming channel : great very time consuming and very low ads
jaidon l : ive had this game for like 2 minutes i think its alright. more cars referencing popular car culture would be pretty sick tho
opyium channel : i can't find the new car update in shop.
archimedio kusnadi : the graphics is the surprise! gorgeous game, excellent controls
levi brewer : awesome game. love the cars. the quotes. just an all around great game
hunter world : it takes our personal data, i read its privacy policy but how can i believe this is my device secure safe yes and not
stephen montagne : it's a pretty quick paced game for when you've only got like an hour to kill. i've really enjoyed it so far.
alex cool : nice game to chill. i liked the old garage and ui more than the new one.
rafael apresa : nice design, hard handling and far camera. still really good game. best wishes. thanks
nick schornak : noooope. less than a minute in and i'm getting an ad that i can't skip.
joe davis : polished but soulless, boring, tedious, and good luck getting a new car much less upgrading it
jovan curayag : very addicting game! loved the graphics.please add more car customizations.
birinchi bania : you were asking ..rate our game so to improve anything we want. am saying its a sexy game. no need of improving anything. its at optimum level. love it.
even joy sa-onoy : this game!!! ... is good there are many cars to buy and tha graphics is good too!!
alpha : why dont u add a control mode... in which the car can be controlled by titling the phone.
trey knox : will not load
wyatt mahoney : ok the game could use more modes and areas, but other than that it is good.
hch proxim1n3 : everything about the game is amazing!the graphics, mechanics,etc.
mac laurent : the game is good and has nice controls and cars too
angel lopez : one of the best car games its bacicly subway sufers but with cars and there is diffrint maps so i hope who ever reads this enjoys the game as much as i did
loko boco : amazing and underrated game. it's an interesting gameplay and a really cool style.
robert currie : brakes added is a nice touch and quickly...but makes it a bit harder to control
omnipotato : noice game, but it would be much fun if i could go backwards. you know... breaking rules... btw you don't wanna play with the cops...
akhil m : amazing game but i lost my progress when i made the shift to a new phone.
fraser clark : hello it is a very good and can you please add like a multiplayer mode like racing and stuff like that
ishwar singh : million times better than nfs and other games, coz dis having free to play without any limit, there is no energy system to wait to play, love dis game,
josuah m : optional rewarded commercials seems better than forced. you've made a good game.
alphanimates : very enjoyable, gameplay is very engaging. i recommend this all ages.
elliot went : used to play this game and loved it then went to reinstall it on the same phone and it won't open just kicks me out each time
f1021 muhammad firdaus : its really nice , with a drift skill to handle the car and its very comfortable
miguel renzo aquino : its great game, very challenging, i hope more contents will be added soon like car tune ups and mods
saurabh joshi : horrible bugs sound is totally messed up. worst experience ever.
abdullah faisal : a really good game. just need to optimize it for low end devices.
michael snyder : simply, beautiful animation, gets harder as it goes, love it!
a living poop : 1.nice graphics=b- 2.songs=c- 3.tutorial=b+ 4.things the guy says(is not a lot they say but they do it often )=c- 5.game as a whole=b 6.cars=a+ good game
tobin smith : i love the simplicity of this game, the graphics... everything. five stars from me!
athul p .a : its a good game. the stunning visuals, voiceover was over the hill.
taylor luker : its a bit touchy on smart phones, but so far it seems satisfactory.
val vainheart : good game beautiful graphics and lots of cars , that is really a good time-killer game
jiaqir : very nice game! i love the driving experience.
mk achu : it has good graphics and its so smooth to play and the maps ,the cars i love this game
capella : i acknowledge the good voice acting and overall gameplay, but the control is just plain annoying, slippery asf
pavan vangury : it was really great game that i count among the few racing games that are actually fun to play must try game
big hat man : pretty cool glad i downloaded it ummm nice graphics and all but what if there where jumps sometimes on the side walks or fit them in some where like down hill death race on beamng
nik : great game! will there be further updates and new cars, tracks, achievements?
davissrenks : please remove other cars from zen mode. there is a lot of clipping through fences in the japan map
aerial17ace : i like the graphics and stuff, its kind of hard to control it but its fun
bramasta hartono : please optimize the damage, not logical we hit a car even only 1% hitting it from the back and auto lose.
jody fauziansyah : nice. but the bad thing after crash and watch ads to respawn, you should add timer
sinister 9900 : this is great and i love it.but there's a problem when i choose the car white mark on the tire it stop moving.
sam b-b : this game is really quite refreshing, you don't need to buy countless power ups to improve!
michael mashava : yeah, very great game, challenging, juss that they shuld add tilt screen to turn, otherwise
fatin fardaous : good game. thouh reducing car prize would be helpfull. but good for time passing.
nafees hussain : a little difficult to get hang of the controls but fun once you do
mahdi izadpoor : great game android
m a : awesome, but... since the latest update game crashes when starting a level/race!
kevin michael : the controls are bad and need fixing, good game but bad controls
kylan sulley : ok this game is actually pretty fun but it does take a few tries to get used to the game i only got it yesterday so i cant say it's 10/10 but it is fun and i'd recommend giving it a try
tommy vercetti : i love everything about this game, so simple and retro and of curse great game play, maps, cars, and music
terry helmer : good time killer. i would appreciate a way to spend postcards aside from levels though!
flotaku 13 : like this game a lot just wish the practice area was bigger or more interesting maybe add sections from other maps
king djs : amazing graphics good control overall maps location is so good.
hunter locke : its fun, but if you turn off your phone could you make it where the game pauses.
omri perez : rally good game i was changing a bit the mechanics of the drifting and making a drift car section and map with more turns and u turn
olga rain : very cool designed, but too hard to drive!
gowtham t : it's a very good game.. nice relaxing game but i hope they add mission skipping option in it
v.rithvik shanyu : it was nice at the first sight , but i think you need to make those maps a little bit detailed. that's it .
arka hazra : this game has been a great time killer. love the artstyle and the simple mechanics. enjoying playing it
wamalwa larry : i love the graphics there nice but the game freezes some times and i crash out of nowhere
kangabird : fun and offers a great challenge but doesn't make it ridiculously hard.
nichole mendoza : it's an awesome game i'll give 5 stars because it has sick gameplay boss graphics and sick car designs!!
abdeel garcia : this game is fun and quick. it is a good time passer if you just want to have some fun and not to try hard on a game.
oscar castillo : cool, fun game. awesome vibes and graphics. music is not that awesome though
maninder singh : good game. good controls. nice graphics. adventures.
biber c. : it's just a really nice and cool designed game, with some funny real life jokes and dependences
lin android : this is really amazing.and we are getting frequent updates from the devs with more cars and locations...
ernest potter : decent gameplay. performs well and fum enough to play for several runs at a time.
pedram hamedi : thus game is so much fun and i recommend it
sultan mukhamadeev : stupid ads. i know you want money but these unskippable in-your-face ads are solely the thing that made me uninstall this game
agent ak47 : super nice looking car driving simulator, definitely one of a kind.
sean saunders : good game but virtually unplayable with constant ads, might consider checking out a paid version
juan leon : amazing game i love everything in this game the graphics are really good and the cars look really nice
gian-luca nardini : kinda reminds me of project cars 3 . no but seriously this is a good game, well done
adhyadmoko abiyoga supriyoko : graphic are best (for my own taste), controls are good too, ill let go another star for you later on down the drain,
volokin project : good only for killing time. make possible to adjust view angle.
chris forget : great game all around awesome
swaraj padar : the game contains outstanding graphics which we cannot see in pc games also.
blueastro 76 : it's a good racing game when your bored and provides tons of cars in different classes
maxwelpet : very fun. simple controls. easy to play, fun to play.
quickchuckle : all i am gonna say is that the game is quite fun , i re-installed the game recently and it's pretty good , not enough for 5 stars though.
starfox 200610 : some of it can be a bit annoying with the scoop bc all u have is that little red light to tell ya when ya gonna lose it
marcus davis : steering is awkward and it is hard to drive with any precision.
jamison thornton : seems cool. controls are a little rough but still fun to play.
bruhk obama : really good and fun game. although i wish it saved my progress from my old phone (which is weird since it saved my acheivments)
upul u s automobile pvt ltd : i love it! i like the car stats, track stats, the 1new (free!) car added and everything.
vijay saketh : everything is awesome... loved it but the photo mode is buggy. crashes when taken
pulkit jain : the controls just dont really work, its crash after another crash
salini krishnan : nice game, really love the graphics ,everything is even no disturbances yet will update this rating
matthew martinez : actually a great game. hard to come by. great car selection, too.
will gaming05 : fun game, good amount of collectabillity, however the controls feel to slippy to handle
kris eddie : grand experience... good for passing time
lav banjac : it is sooo dum i cant pass the instructions the car is fast i cant control him and the game is laggy and my car is non stop drifting and breaking in to houses
luca gutierrez : lots of fun. the only thing i would like to be added is the option to control your car by tilting your phone.
elmuiz sirajuddin : would be way better if the gameplay was more fluid as it helps with controls
zahid akon : great but i wish you discrease the amonts of money needeed to buy other cars and buying the coolness which costs 2000 !!!!
ben mercier : cool game, looks great! little bit of a learning curve but its okay
abel ninan : very aesthetic and pleasing game to play to pass some free time.
jp h. : forced ads at the end of each game. the art looks nice.
rad oh crash : this game is lit the inly downfall is that its hard to get coins and when you hit something with your car it does not scrach it
vansh varma : the game is awesome but if the can just cheap the price of all the car then it is more better
lawrence w : just challenging enough to make it fun without being frustrating.
prince royce : the game overall good but it's only 20 levels i finish game in 1 week that's only disappointed me !!!
joni ikalainen : it's darn good looking and i love to support indie names but the gameplay isn't for me.
magnum360 : i have been looking for a driving game that goes on forever because a lot of them i can't find this is a dream game and thank you for making this it's a really good so that's what i'm going at 5 stars
willie fisterbottom : you're really going to put a "watch this ad for x" within the first 20 seconds of the game. no thank you.
gamerworld929 : awesome game i like the graphics and everything in the game this is really awesome i can't believe this game is on play store and it is free no money payment for download i really appreciate it thanks for being this game to live
sim p : it a super fun thrill of a game just the whole game is awesome but it would be cool if you could reverse
mike mondays : love the graphics is a bit slow at the start but isnt that all bad of a game.
sean jones : good to past time
easytrickboss : fantastic grafics and fantastic control ,i am only play 5mint and feel this game is osmmmmmmmmmm. good job
zarar raza : a very interesting experience and the graphics are also outstanding.
ayrton briceno : amazing racing game, really fun and addictive to keep playing with.
falah mahdi : it's really cool game , can you add more ways for controlling please .
air ben : super drifty and hard to control but i keep coming back for more!
b walrus : looks great, a little tricky at first. i wish some of these cars were real.
sam g.olave : gameplay is good,graphics is good,controls are good levels should be more than 20 pls.
tijmen van der heijden : simple but fun, nice game for when have to wait a minute or two.
hillel maor : really fun. kinda of retro mix of gta and subway surfers combined. love it.
michael grant : pretty good experience, but the controls are a bit confusing
krisjon apeta : great game,easy to learn but hard to master.its the best time killer.
indian couch potato : total time pass. i really enjoyed it. nice game you guys made.. keep it up!
joel marsh : great game the only thing they could make better is the physics of the car on the road
xd35p153x : fun game to kill time. lots of quirky cars to choose and level up.
hajja samyr : the egsausts don't come out unless you get damage, still it's a really fun game.
flowlst yt : excelent game. but your just lonely in the game, no players to race with,but is a good game.
qudsia noor : blends high speed car chase with elements of endless runner. liked the concept.
tahmid ahmed : this game is a great fun! love to drive & background music is also nice! loved it
akash : awesome game for driving game's lover. but controls should be more stable.
razor 8j : really bad controls sluggish game play.. definitely has potential but so sluggish and slow to react
sumit kumar : drive,drive,drive just drive and buy a new car and you adedd the new map new cars and more this is very special in driving awesome very awesome game in the world the best driving game in the world
e g : wonderful game. frustrating with controls, but i'll get used to it
acaii rose : pretty fun while it lasted , i'd love to give you'll some recommendations to make the game longer tho
lu ci : they're making driving unnecessarily harder. i guess that's supposedly the challenge.
kyzer showze : if i could give this game zero stars or negative stars i would. clearly deceiving game, all this game wants is $$$$$$$$$ & of course more $$$ the non-stop ads your forced in order to even try the gameplay controls are nor enuf revenue for these greedy developers, sad!
connor smith : it's a fun game but maybe try and put something in where we can add decals
gustaf wijkstrom : very entertaining and tricky. very fun to play in the car or on a airplane ect.
wagner lamb wylot : note 1, because the purchases you make within the app are not counted and your progress is also lost.
amangas cloud dustin dan : i like this game because it has all my favorite cars and some 80s to 90s cars that i love.
haneefa th : good grapics good control if you make a game which we can transforn our car to bike,boat etc then it will be awasome
aussie001 : amazing so first im playing on a oppo a3s this game was just smooth it is also super fun and then there is the gas which goes out fast but overall a great game
mpho maroga : this game is the best if you guys think it has glitches well it doesn't ok love you and i love #drive awesome name and cool soundtrack
john doe : nice game i really enjoyed this car game. i would just want to just want to comment on tge steering though
eboy yobe : great aesthetic. easy controls... what a great stress reliever
shadowmare174 : this game is amazing good cars off road and on road experience 5 out of 5 stars perfect i recommend it
anthony ptak : i'm sure it's great but it crashed my phone on the first tutorial and i don't have any patience.
musebang : this game has an awesome concept and is very well made. 10/10 would play again :)
lucky : sensitivity too high even if i set the in game sensitivity to zero. and no gyroscope.
daniell dino : stylish game. graphics is good and physics is realistic... highly recommended
yourboy kco : yow add some npc racers where we'd pull up beside em and start a race to the next point in the mix would make the run more interesting i'd give 5 starts ngl game is good so far lol wait give closer cam view too that would be more intense too
stanzin tharpa : if this game had a tilt control feature that might be interesting and bit easy ..
humza sulaiman : controls were little bit different but took time for getting used to it. nice game
aneeqa arshad : very very good and plz add some more and add multiplayer with friend and i like this journey...mmm nice game i like it
moghal saif : smooth , and a very great experience and th animations are really done greatly
eduards niks olbiks : pretty epic if you ask me
4 life : good. comfortable to play, good visual and high quality sound.
make life beautiful : graphics good but controller is bad whn we goes to control that car that slips tooo much and some time gas station way not clear
sharad raj : fun so far, but getting annoyed at the ads especially when i'm paying google monthly for the game pass
alan george : wonderfull game keep it up. we want one adventure open world game with this graphics pixel perfect dudes.
daniel garcia : it's a really fun game. many types of modes. this is my first review ever and i feel it was needed. i definitely recommend
blockityblock007 : great driving game, brake operation is a little strange, a tad repetitive.
trxikeddathz : it's great love the game it's just the challenges other that that keep up the good work
henkhohao singson boikho : it is a good game but it will be more fun if they update by movements and brake with one touch
top mysteries : braking feature is added, but it must be improved, it is difficult to brake
steam munker : the drift is good kinda hard to control doesn't have ads every time you crash
kent koenig : pretty fun game, although they should make the durability upgradeable on your car.
ijust ride : very fun and challangeing to play and avoid oncoming cars and the gas stops and all the other things needs more cars tho
dave big e : i really like the old main menu back! the new is annoying! big dislike.
filip sedlak : easy to understand, fun, time consuming. great job guys! :)
jeb blep : noice game even played it on my friends phone multiple times. 10/10 would drift one this game again.
brandon borrelli : fun and innovative, but "upcoming item (left/right)" indicators are misleading and cause more confusion
grinch liam : this game is very fun and addicting but the only thing that is not that fun is if there was a storyline and events
yashraj dam : great , you can easily pass time with this game . gets repeatative though.
unrightful era : good graphics okay controls once you get the hang of it !!
latheef : i have played and uninstall this game, because this only 20 level and after updating game size increase, so include more level and reduce the application size
roblox tobi : i like the simplicity of the game and how few ads there are it makes the game feel better
xavier t : this game is very enjoyable with so many cars and maps. very cool game.
thanveer thasleem : game is addictive but too much ads , if the ad were not i will give 5 but this time i am just giving 3 star
richard burge : i'm not big on endless runners, but this one had enough progression to be interesting.
brian muthua : this game is so awesome,but it would be fantastic if it would be online multiplayer.
pierre couffon : i don't mind ads but wow.... ads...
joseph spalding : i love this game but i feel it could use more maps still i could play for hours.
michael argo : stumped with the "trick the police" daily challenge. i've tried the doughnuts and driving a police car. neither worked. any ideas or tips?
david lingerfelt : ads are disruptive but the game is fun
joel montinard : great overall but it would be need to make drifting easier to use while driving
arni pinill : love this game. beautiful smooth graphics and an easy to learn layout,great work guys!
abhinav vjyn : am really impressed.... the fluidity and smoothness of this game make me addict....i really appreciate this developer... i'm waiting for your another app uploads...
josh lewis-sandy : very fun with a lot of content. ads are not excessively intrusive.
dinesh kumar murugan : the controls were difficult but the overall game looked very cool.
abe's builds : this game is really fun and i think the only thing you should change about this game is nothing. this is one of my favorite games ever.
logan paul : very fun wish there were more camera angles but all in all lots of cars and very fun gameplay
jon fernandes : decent. love the graphic style. game play is a bit meh.
kyles lifestyle : best game but the problem is that cars are very expensive in the game but overall good game well done guys
margarito s : #drive is a very great game because when i do the challenges there very easy.
a google user : its a very nice game .awsome controls and it is very easy to unlock other vehicles
dueto malaguti peres : challenging, but not that stressful. great driving game mixed with an endless runner
debarup sen : overall, a very good game. nice gameplay and intriguing mechanics
dhruv koyan : high grafix, great gameplay, nice locations, greater cars, such a very good game.
patrick c. : apparently forcing you to watch an ad after you specifically decline to watch one for a benefit anyways gets you a 4.5+ rating these days... sad.
aatrox twist : different concept. smooth car mechanics. overall nice game.
3ric blu3 : this is pretty fun and relaxing. it's also tense at the same time if that makes any sense
thedeanryder 1 : good game but its hard without the zen mode but it really gives you the feeling of the 70s thank you
jason spengler : fun game with good visuals. regular updates that make the game better!
colin zaleha94 : i love this game!!! i can play all day! i can't find a good app.....other games are online and this one is good beacause it's offline
beauty plus : it's boring to travel on a same road .add some feature so we can drive on many road...
al mohammed yaseen siddick : really good game for time pass and to play while you are bored
fawxa 67 : didn't experience gameply due to not wanting to share my data. privacy policy is very, very vague. i wouldn't install if i were yall.
kh l : too difficult to drive...kills all the joy of the game as i keep crashing.
priyanshu gupta : graphics are very smooth and good. and apps interface is nice
itu baloyi : this game is fun but the reason i'm not giving 5 star is because there are not many maps please put more maps
nishant verma : #drift #love.... lovely graphics... simple control... offline.... 3d... endless engaging game... to be played to get them all...
jaime arredondo : incredble game i love it! so many levels,cars, and more you should really get this game
bobbyjeff supreme lord of crazy : there's not much else i can say except for that it's fun. it's definitely a game that you could sink a lot of hours into.
patrick teetsel : simple, but fun! just takes forever to get enough to unlock new things
joshua espinoza : one of the best car games i've ever played hands down no problems or bugs nice little game 5 stars
kish shan : i love this gams thx and its so cool.
antawyne williams : the game is great n all but the controls are a bit weird but besides that's its a good game i ensure u it's a good game
jmk amal : awesome game nothing to say but my one suggestion is not to blow the car in the first hit plz make it twice or thrice thanks
yash vadaria : its not working on android version 10. please give the new update so we can play btw great casual game.
abhayjit singh : always like a game that's easy to play hard to master. you just want to play more and more.
roger martinez : it's just so easy to play and it's fun in many ways and the graphics are unique
harlem toliver : pretty fun overall, it's a good pass time when you've got a few minutes.
milan's sketching legacy : i completed all 20 levels , some missions requires lot of time but it's fun
lulu lamon : really fun game.i love it everytime i get cop follwing me all i have to do is drift so that they get lost and i also love the commentary
nathan ruiz : used to play this when it came out. decided to redownload it. nothing but props to the updated version. nice
brick sanchez : absolutely awesome game add more vehicles, i love the already massive selection for a phone.
space man : it's just ok. you unlock content too slowly to stay interested.
bryan billerbrck : it is fun and definitely keeps you wanting to strive to drive.
ramon buenaflor : best game to come in the play store! i've downloaded it when it still had 1k downloads. 1million is such a milestone!
sir ron : i like it but needs more views,and be able to tilt to steer.
theoldguard 320 : yeas it's very fun very good for people who aren't obsessed with cars because you dont have to drift
dio xantzo : great game! awesome graphics and really good controls! really addictive!
rishi vishnu : superb graphics , but ads ,all drift are perfect for me , it should be installed in your phone also
jake : my problem is just the grip of the tires. man, those turns will turn into drifts.
jack vick : i like the realism about this car game. yet it still can have a cartoonish look!
raghav sharma : it is very good and the tracks are always random never seen a car game like this
anthony may : a little ad heavy but fun experience here at the beginning. has potential!
huzaifa kamran : it's really fun when you're going on a road trip and there's no internet, also love the old cars.
pancake327 : this game is amazing but i want a mode where all the cars are actively trying to hit you
jayendra bharti : good game. can improve the controls. addictive game though.
sandesh jayawickrema : really love how the game looks. it's pretty unique than the other car games i have played. all i can say is that this is a really great game and i hope to see more games from this company.
ethan m : honestly, it's a good play experience. not too many maps though.
fynn _north : this game is fire, the graphics are amazing and it's just so much fun to play over and over again. 10/10 would recommend
laxmidhara behera : though it is a very nice game. best game for time pass. keep inventing games like this.
rashmi ranjan mohanty : it is a very best and endless driving game. through this game we can enjoy very much.
natasha : i love this game, i switch to my new phone but this game progress can load automatically.
machir robinson : great game for those who are alright getting frustrated, because it all pays off in the end.
muhammed abrar : outstanding game with lot of gorgeous maps.loved playing this game,i don't saw any problems in it.
a google user : it's a simple but really good piece of game. simply cool & really enjoying this game. love it.
hp playz : fun little game easy controls and cool cars and retro style graphics
mohammad fazel haddadiannezhad : good game good graphics but it is boring after some minutes.just pay and play method.uninstalled that.
john allen urgelles : great game plus it is offline!! you can play anytime anywhere.. trust me its great.. :)
mir bashir : it's a cool game,i like it,this is a awesome game with good graphics and controls
chris jackson : games user friendly and stylish... just started so... but it seems repetitive...
reaperdomain27 : it is amazing its easy and keeps my busy when i'm bored or the wifi isnt workint its great i highly recommend
daz delli : great game, great music, although i wish thr controls were a little more sharp
awemelette : not like the other car games fun and simple, easy controls
michael fernandes : a very fun and amazing game. made me a bit mad at first but after a few days it really is fun! i really recommend it.
lokman mahmood : best racing game ever! i wish the game will have more maps coming soon.
car guy 50 : great app add the 1990 ford foxbody coupe and bluetooth controller support i can run the game it keeps crashing add the 1997 chevrolet silverado c1500 gmt400
shonnie hartz : very good game. its a good time waster and has a very pretty art style.
roma : graphics and digital design are amazing! well done.
sagaar dutt : it's a awesome.. game for offline.. personally i enjoyed.. perfect games.. plz add some location.. thanks you
tim armer : good fun. kind of relaxing sometimes. unlock all the cars!
chris ayers : amazing game fun just wish it was a little easier to earn caps maybe add more in a row
wendy hullmann : it's good for when your bored and just want to play a game for 10 to 15 minutes cause you have a dentist appointment in 20 minutes.
gtr nine : i can say this is very nice game here its also enjoyable for a small size i wish u guys add camera mode so the look will more detail
sarthak bakare : it doesn't opens in samsung s duos 2. game looks good but can't download it.fix it and i will give 5 stars
mohamadreza osanlou : its a nice game but if developers optimized the game to fit the entire display that would be nice
ayxeeyann : i have two problems: 1. the game consumes battery 2. bad controls. (pls fix it)
rohit yadav : could make the tracks a bit easily available.... i'd have rated 5 stars ......tracks are impossible to unlock
takis mer : amazimg job on this game! you should definitely add more cars amd more futuristic ones!
jesse : man this would be a really fun endurance game if the steering didn't just randomly stop functioning
philippe stylianidis : it's the best driving game i ever played! plus there is great graphics!
jason appleton : all round a pretty good game and easy to get used to the controls
zeke rios : nice drive, no place for kids playing on the road, great classics to drive!
junkwolf : it's a great game but it's takes way to long for buying cars and upgrade
peace osarobo : the control botton is veey difficult... auto sensitive would have been better....
not a pro : i like the game it has great graphics and good controls i rate it 4 stars because we need more vehicles
alan wright : great game cant stop playing loving the new cars and brakes and chance to continue by watching ad
pios vlog_yt : the game is awesome and the quality is the best i like the cars and every thing thank you for creating these game
mohammed kadir : controls are odd. how do you drift with the default controls?
anthony zolalian : great and relaxing game, no bugs and not that many ads, overall a great game
michael merk : it's okay if you manage to go 90 left it locks up the controls for me.
nando dias : to be really good, only needs a integration with social networks to beat the record of friends
gamer kitty10 : graphics as good as new awesome it's like i'm actually driving a real car like all the drifts
1 0 1 : this is awesome game. i like this graphics and so funny. please make a simulation game like this graphics.
gam3r girlz : would rate it higher if coins were easier to come by, overall good game so far :)
jonesy 1 : only played it 5mins, takes ages to build up money it seems like, terrible driving mechanics
braveclan cloudy squad firelegend squad : its more fun and nice graphic and how far you wil go and bunch of thing there is a awesome car pls give a sport car and can u bigger a station like a donut big a road just a bit and pls make a first person view #driveforever
saswat pradhan : good game for the experienced, though difficult to control at first play.
ivan mendenhall : nothing but ad ad ad.... cool game, but data hungry so waste of time for those offline...
artbord of komanga : super & awesome game... this game is very funny... but, very thrilling. and graphics is super...
aiden belnap : add free mode. great game and you should add a map where there is a wide freeway
joao rodrigues : funny game.. wasnt expecting this kind of enjoyment. reminds me of burnout series... for some reason.
syahmi firdaus : i love the graphics but i dislike the game play. i hope they just race and not to find oil and find anothers thing like donut and repair part.
harsukh kaneriya : this game is so interesting and there are so emotional graphics... thank you.. wish you make new games best of luck and i am support you....
samuel halinen : it's quite grindy and lacks some gameplay, but it's otherwise a nice game.
a m a n - s h e i k h : good game but very simple concept first you play game your experience is enjoyable but some time latter is boring
zee vee : clean, fun, and responsive. definitely one of my favorite mobile games
ben dd : fun and addictive, with a catchy soundtrack! definitely recommend it
clemens h : it's good fun, nice style. maybe a tad hard but that might just be me getting old...
david ramsay : i really like this game. the graphics are amazing for the storage it holds.
serhii drobuzhev : this game needs some better navigation in car menu. it's painful to scroll through all the time
drultaria : the controls are awkward but i like the cartoony style and i think its good
d d : its a really good game love the cool parts that get attached to the cars great graphics
chinoph kumar sabar : addictive and thrilling. this game has a lot of space for improvements.
b tr0n : pretty good. adds not oppressive. kind of repetitive gameplay.
scary ninja : you have to be a great controller to control the cars....overall amazing games
youtube jones energy inc : too hard to navigate the steering of the vehicle. sorry but i'm a great driver in real life.
tony aazam : would've have it a 5 stars bit it lags a little and the ads are really annoying sometimes
eric : good game. fun to play but i encountered a bug that made me unable to start the app
italiankid53 : fun to pass the time, doesn't get boring and zen mode is very nice (not a bot)
roman samudra : cool game, although some car brand could be more well represented into the 1970's scene
jbawsome 900 : this game has really good game control and is really addictive i could play it for hours if my phone battery latested
pam morris : good game but wish the controls were a little better or have different control settings
hisham mudathir : awesome game with really fantastic graphics! would ask for more games like these.
luis hdz. : never heard of this game but i downloaded it from tap tap and it's definitely a great addicting game. challenging and beautiful.
enio : i like the game and the smooth control easy to use and a good time killer
khatija khallil : it was a beautiful game with smooth graphics and it has magnificent cars ultra roads its nice
stuart archer : game is fun overall, but i have serious performance issues on a samsung note 8, i barely get 15 fps at best
tayyib usman : beautifully simple game. throw doughnuts. repair your car. refuel often. most importantly, #drive
still chill : i feel like the stations spawn depending on the condtion of your car! great game
charlie chapman : 30 second ads? i'd rather pay for a good app. there's no way i'm keeping this one.
dopinder taxi : really fun game it's just maybe the test zone could be a lot bigger like making a town that you can freedrive in in
henrikas labanauskas : nice game but after while stuck on max your coolness. can't play - uninstalling.
irwan nugroho : love the graphic style and naration. control a bit tricky, cool game tho
mr mega man : very fun i like to play it all the time it passes alot of time when you are bored
kima lkr : good game good graphics but please add more cars like lambourgini, bugatti and mustang but the older version.
max reno : pretty good game. handling could be a bit less floaty though.
master gamer : it is a good game i loved it but i always loose and when i get alot of money it doesnt show me any money at all
jeffrey fajardo : i really love driving games in general. this game is a must have. keep up the updates!
muhammad jamal : addictive. need time to learn about control especially car speed.
ragab shafei : it's really fun especially when you have a lot of time to pass. i love the game and i'm definitely recommending to friends
fred wright : the game is very cool the graphics are so good and works very smoothly
dulani wickramaratne : very enjoyable car game graphics are good and controls are good very simple to play good job devs
tsebeni brian : the gameplay and graphics are awesome but i wish you could add tilt controls
noe : its good for casual gaming. really love the concept of the game. great time killer
soumitra ghate : nice graphics , controls and music , can remove fog though and add some landscapes
sebastian slates : i love the way the controls but still can be a little be weird to get used to
brijesh poojary : pretty nice game..environment is superb inside as well as graphics.go for it and try for yourself
backwood shawty : why free games more addicting then the wifi compatible . s add some explosions . maybe a helicopter.
ante kovacic : best driving game ever. it has that smooth felling when you turn on corners.
daniel tauber : its honestly a fun game with above average graphics for a free game and the adds aren't to bad
duane voll : really fun. collect coins, avoid cars. simple and fun!
ilianeube : great concept... would have been wayy better if there are more stages / places.
jack irvine : i really like it the graphics are really good but i wish that there were kinda more game modes
bhavan solanki : this game is awesome/dope because i love escaping and in this game we have to escape from police but i don't like one think of this game, it is a endless game and i don't like endless game at all. anyways i give you 4 stars because i don't like endless game. better game.
coco cosmic : its so cute and the controls are crazy!im just starting i wish i can upgrade more my minis hihi
ashif ashi : good game, good graphics, cars and maps good, but, i cant finish the 13th level
abid rizhan : this is too good and we need more features in this game and add some new areas.thank you
christian ramirez : graphics are clean and gameplay is very easy.
seif ahmed : i really like the graphics and the controls are super simple .
kamikaze : i'm enjoying the game you'll never get bored.... but the controls are bit hard
dallas texas : this is a great game love the graphics there's only one problem there are no 2020 cars
zachary norman : fun quick plays, upgrades are cool.. got this game again and still great after all this time
diffa fadhil : relaxing fun game, no need to rush but sometimes it need lots of focus.
amir ardalan : this is awesome fantastic graphic, scarce voice ,dialog,sound superior handling i like it very very very very much old cars are very nostalgic and road of game is so beauty design thanks for all try
felipe cruz : good game, its fun and the controls are easy to use.
daniel south : it's a good game clear easy to learn instructions and around very happy to be honest
jessie gilmour : loving it. it has us, german, and russian, french and japanese cars
joshua falcon : one of the best! driving type games mixed with abit of action love it.
milizah medina : i like it it's nice and calm from all the high speed chases from adrenaline while playing this game, i like it.
potato seed : i heckin love this game, but can you please put other modes? like free roam and chase modes it will be totally awesome
alex reid : great graphics for a mobile game barely takes up any space runs smooth and you can play offline great game altogether never gets boring great game design and is just a great game if your phone doesn't have alot of space
zachery adams : i love the concept of the game. it's just really hard and hard to progress
ancient bb : the first mobile game ive found that isn't out there for your money. great gameplay too.
black thunder gaming : overall game performance and controlling is goog but you have to improve car look and menu looks
a google user : even if im still stuck at level 1 it could get any better but...best car game....i love it...
suresh k : game was good but i hate adds without your permission adds will play in the middle of the game i hate this type of add playing games
lucky monk : everything is perfect in this game. still, graphics could be better.
johan van staden : love the styling. might consider buying ad-free version.
furry fox : it's nice the graphics are awesome can u add a free roam mode in the maps?
alec lui : i liked the game, but i think that steering experience can be better with gyroscope
ali eldin : it could be more awesome if there were levels of difficulty
roberto munoz : its very good game ive been having a lot of fun with it just want to sugjest adding a few more jdm cars
robert : very easy game to play. great for children. @champarich on instagram
josh tripp : i like it it is simple fun and both thrilling and relaxing at the same time
adriakko artisto : i have my reasons. thus, my point is valid. (it is a good game okay, i just want it to stop telling me to rate it) (you should do the same)
derian lagunes : i'm trying to find this app it's kind of hard to find because of the name and it almost doesn't sound like that would be the name but it's a pretty good game
tony brown : love the game but the control of the car is not smooth and the braking is not forgiving
ty eezlee : cool game, awesome style and fun mechanics. keep up the work!
jacob wright : overall fun and challenging. covers my need to kill time.
xave tesfaye : very good and simple game love to play it good graphics and the voice which keeos us entertained
haikal hakimi : good game. i like the design and graphic. i hope you can make more game like this.
kshitij bachhav : it is a good game.controls need to be more smooth and commentary should be increased.i like the commentary.
alexis nicole fastidio : this is a wonderful game and this game makes me feel better when i'm in a bad mood . this game is just perfect for everyone who have a bad mood like......me
asfak mohamed : thanks for giving a very good car game and beautiful scenery with awesome graphics
shiloh townsend : this game is so fun! i love this game so much, it's free and the graphics are so amazing!! you should get this game!!!!!!!
ayandeep chakrabarty : superb, relaxing and fun at the same time, can play it while laid down
redwan kabir : the graphical details were good but it just didn't get my attention for to long.
aniket deb : it's very difficult but graphics is nice and vintage drive can be feelled
zonic 5 : awesome game with graphic and design. easy to earn cash.
yadesh mohandas : quite a good game graphics give a retro vibe to it keep it up.
anirudh s : really nice game. it is easy to play and no ads. wonderful job devs
vikky irawan : it's fun, if you love classic cars and drifting you need to try
barry molloy : nice graphics but controls are sluggish. deleted.
savanth : awesome.... the camera view can be changed, if possible... but the rest is simply exciting
lorna turner : great game, great graphics cant seem to put it down. love more games like this
xxdarkphantomxx : great game,but i think you should add tilt as an option for steering
jaydon m : this game might be good but unfortunately i keep getting sent to the homescreen before i can even start the tutorial.
ratrodology major : very good, has cluster truck kinda graphics and has great voice acting!
soma pachert : looks good but the gameplay is just bad, driving is unfun and difficult aint worth to download
slayer rocker179 : very good, a little hard to control sometimes but its fun.
gifford scott : it's very addictive, and i love playing it when i'm bored to pass the time. i would definitely recommend this game.
daniel nartic : i love this game! the controls can be a bit touchy at times but other than that, this game is pretty fun
hawk 411 : really smooth driving experience with some satisfying rewards.
jonty whiley : love the game but controls feel loose and a tad delayed in response.
theapex racer : why is not the top selling game? probably the perfect game to have on your phone. take the paid version and spend hours. #addictive
grassmuncher : the game is completely awesome no errors or bugs you did an amazing job doing this game
raviv rowan helal : it was really fun! though i got to admit the controls are a lot to get used to.
ben kemp : very good game, has a large variety of cars, nice graphics
alien q : i deleted just now, control little hard and tiring and wish driver view was available too. great game hope updated will come soon
thefoolofsevens 7 : good arcade style game. i love it to death hope a they make a two!
ryan penalosa : its a pretty good game i played before. i drifted and bought cars and use japan maps! cool game! 15/10
monobiteme : its really a cool game, simple and fun. keep it up the good work :d
hafidh abrar : the control could be improved but overall still and enjoyable experience
dimitar kitanovsk : nice concept but i would like to tune the cars and add new stuff
kenyon mcgowan : it's a good old-school arcade style game, but first prison would've made it a five star game
hah goteem : amazing, easy controls... evrythings just amazing. seriously good!!!!
hep cat : 30 seconds of playing to realize i waste 70m of data. and no you won't be snooping around my phone, bye!
bear brand juice : its great but an 80+ mb update for just one car is not great i hope there was a new map
surya kanti ghosh : love those vintage cars and sceneries . i have owned the coyote and its fun to have a ride .
warriorninja_true : was quite a good game. but with recent updates my phone can't run it smoothly.
distraksi : cool graphic style, nice car handling, good gameplay.
orb enforcer : probably the best game i've ever played.really good just the learners park should be bigger with big cars.
zach l : pretty fun arcade style game. havent had any trouble with ads yet
aditya attri : nyc game but maintainence of car is not so good and experience of game is little bit good but i love the game.
yatharth agarwal : excellent game, mechanics take some time to master but a great experience
jake netherton : very fun the controls are a bit hard but very easy to learn
danny h. : very fun and easy to play. could be better if turning was more fine tuned
joshua andraos : great game love all the cars and the controls are very easy
suhail khilji : very versatile driving game, difficult to learn but easy to enjoy
honda gts : you need do drift more freely like switching angles of your drift but its verry good adictive and need to improve
pranav parmar : i played and satisfied. cool graphics with epic controling.totally get goosebumps.
mitesh purohit : this game is cool but we need motion sensors for this ? better then screen touch button for takeing left right
dedi darmanto : good game, please consider to add motorcycle also, such as sport bike, trail, scooter. it will become more exciting
saad champ : the art is nice and every thig but the controls are way to sensitive
odueke zainab : great game graphics is beautiful, i will b happy if i can see how many km/h my car moves
arjun singh : excellent game with cute graphics. also add police chase mode.
aniket vitalkar : its fun realistic game i ever had and the best thing is the quality and add some location
dibyajyoti mehera : currently one of my favourites. innovative thinking. simple but engaging. i like it a lot.
dat boi : awesome game. really fun. the infinite riding is really unique.
mike l. : fun game. hard to control at first but with a few upgrades it gets better.
devon herr : kind fun .... the controls could be a little more responsive
keks eule : very fun and relaxing. even better now that i found out how to turn off the commentary.
critcheese 14 : great game. the mechanic is fun but the brake is hard to use.
andrew chaleko : this game is boring and expects u to grind like any another mobile game. but the art and ui graphics is beautiful
steven cyphers : over all this game is with a wide collection of cars many terrain this makes me want to drive!
mrshifty : best driving game i've ever played , i've played loads of car games and nothing comes close to being as good as this one
joel raju : great game. great art style. games like these are becoming hard to find
vreyza ch : great casual game, but its hard to handle the car and had a small street
h clark : although he has a limited vocabulary, the navi takes this game from fun to awesome.
rajivranjan singh : i liked the graphica and music of the game. gameplay wise its fantastic. a great game
aiden burrell : feels smooth, plays well. not a lot of content.
a google user : really its a good game i have given it 4 stars because of controlls its some tough and hard but over all its good ..thanku for the game
saman sobhan : greattt, so addictive, just with 1 or 2 more chance to continue make this game little bit easy
kor brooks : good game. quality graphics with an original arcade feel.
mknuggets02 : the game is good when you are bored. just fix the driving handling
keith jordan : pretty cool it takes a long az timw to get money and post cards but its okay for the most part
jake chris : fun timekiller with cutesy graphics and real-inspired cars.
silver5051 : so far it's a fun game. i'm. happy no complaint i've found yet. it's a good game for a quick break at work.
josuha kimpton : love the game although i feel like you could make it slightly better by making a first person mode
skydiggitydive : very fun, not too many ads. great little game!
theodore thoumbley : the best game i ever sea its super cool i like it the coolest thing about this game is you can play it with controller
epica_destroyer : i'm enjoying this quite a bit. nice game, sorta reminds me of "the long drive"
denary cloud4024 : the game is so fun but they must make a easy mod and hard mod but the is fun so i am going to gave the game four stars
2. elizabeth : got amazed by it. not linear, amazing theme, nice cars.
rohith p murthy : it is a great game for playing classic cars of the glorious 70's and 80's
somayeh sadat hashemi : its a really nice game. nice graghic.nice game play. nice cars and customs and good costs
keith madmod : luv it wish their was an option for shorter tracks and few landmark places with cars to match
lawal aboubakar : when navigating the cars in the garage anything you touch ,takes you to the car collection place.please fox this
mohanapriya mohan : wow...what an graphic .several type of cars... really entertaining.please download it.
eljay young : very fun realistic controls just the right amount of easy and difficult
stickybro fail9777 : this game is totally awsome the controls and graphics are good too.
j mangra : it is the best game i have seen ever. it's a fun game, it can overtake your stress.
likhith manjunath : the game runs so smooth like the graphics,they are perfect!
rio balmonte : great game overall. looking forward for more cars and more maps. looking forward for more in this game
delande j : this game is great the controls are bad at first but you can get used to it.
payback pudding : this game is great and really addicting and i wish there where more car games which had the ecto 1 in and/or the delorean.
kiran h : nice game literally this is my last game in play store l tried everything in covid time and this is a good game it has cool graphics and offline
derrick babb : so far it's pretty fun and challenging. i haven't played very much but as i said so far it's pretty fun!!!
cory daniels : simple and fun, few lag spikes every now and then though.
kama, teijeiro : great game just not enough levels and the cars are pricey but over all great game
sheena ranjit : the only thing to worry about the controls it's very hard but hey ! it's a matter of getting used to it
yahya semlali : good game but it's gonna be more good if they removed limited break and reduce car damages
nic nabbs-bella : great game had lots of fun buying cars and driving them and drifting in free play
leon mcauley : it's so much fun to play! i'd recommend it to anyone who likes an exciting but sometimes challenging game to play
alex moldovan : wow, this is probably the coolest game here, is funny and so so relaxing, man, who do this he make an excellent job, congrats
abdullah famous : ammazing graphics , great gameplay , well optimized , less adds over all very great game
zameer isaacs : really good controls and the gtaphics are amzing . one of the best mobil car gams i've played
kevin aguayo : good game, really good art style, its just not super fun for my personal taste, but it is still a good game to play
kent dayola : great game good graphics but the problem is the controls.
yaser hussain : an amazing game, graphics are really worth appreciating.
sarcastic p j : the most coolest car driving game with amazing and beautiful graphics..
yuri wang : pretty good driving game, would be great if it has more maps.
shantanu bhattacharjee : goid game fir passing time . but the controls could be improved a bit more
josh parkinson : the graphics are great and feels really nice to steer
moonie 421 : amazing game, great example of what some mobile driving games should be.
iswariya lakshmi s : this game is my favorite game . i love that donuts and cars. good graphics i love this game so much.
squid oodily : awesome cute little driving game with not too many adds and so many unlocks to get!
thehumanbean : it's a fun addicting game but. i think there's too many ads
kyle burant : great game for when i need to kill time it's fun and challenging
subina's craft : a game that tells you over speed kills.an entertaining game.love it.so many classic cars to drive.
dylan kreutzer : fun but pretty hard to control. it's challenging.
red_demon_666 _ : it's one hell of a joyride i love the graphics and the design of the cars
chuppie : not many ads and it's a nice game to play while chilling.
yri ivanov : good jobthe turning angle can be tuned a little though. overall decent game.
thyspacecat : good but i had a few issues with the game crashing but that problems fixed
xtz gaming : this is a great game its completely offline and we can play anywhere we want.the graphics is cool and many cars which we can buy with small amount of money
swapnil pandey : the game is really enjoyable and immersive, just add gyro control too.
albert n.s.w : it's so good have a lot of potential for future opportunities thank you so much for all of your hard work making this game for us. :)
default_203 : this game is actually pretty good and nod ad infested so please keep up the good work, you guys are doing great!
mehul mathan : it was an gun game but it kinda gets boring when you keep on so please update more maps ,cars
sanju sanjay : really good game descent anime graphics . good cars ,fun to play.
lamborghini countash lp5000s : extremely fun!!! would recommend to anyone that likes cars nd racing
sufyan smits : pretty fun. gotta get used to the driving mechanics though.
oussama baiz : it could be better, dont make it so hard to get coins and to unlock car
ava blackwell : pretty cool! not a fan of the ads but theyre not too obnoxious.
vlad ioan morariu : superb, fun, very likeable graffics, cool selection of cars.
mrtem : great game, good concept, graphics and sound.
shirsh srivastava : i love the graphics quality and it's a good driving game.
capcut edits : best driving endless game i have ever played. i have played it for 6 months and i am addicted with it
john womack : it is fun wish you didn't have to take so much damage when you crash
shahzad ashraf : what a beautiful way to entertain the tired brains and souls mind blowing well done #drive team.
litedocs : absolutely lovin it. the graphics style is just perfect.
jermaine andrews : nice game, please add add raining effects and horn for the cars, it would be more fun
adersh r alornekar : hard to get the controls initially, but after that it's fun
anjith ak : excellent game. the music and graphics are just wow.
patch bros iii : the best graphics i like how you added a voice line can you add more sentences please!!!
philip james rojo : great game looking forward for new cars and add trucks that are like the ones from the dakar rally. also add some cars inspired from wrc group b cars.
karthig rajan : mass graphics this game was perfectly made for single player i think it should be a multiplayer game
donny eh : very great indie game lots of cars but still very grindy but thats to be expected
marvin jy basement : this game is just fantastic don't doubt downloading it ... i live the way the games voice interacts as yours
tytan212 : pretty fun, but controls are meh with me, but im sure with practice itll become easier
onii chan : this is hard put that way it fun to play u have to play without hiting car are thing and that why this game is fun
daniel baird : really well made. the controls do take time to get used to, but other than that it's an amazing game.
maxwel kibe : great game, i love the voice over but controls from left to right abit hard
emmanuel madehin : this game is awesome. i really love the style and visuals of the game. nice work
cory jones : it really is a fun, challenging game i enjoy playing it everyday to see how far i can get.
drewmasta : nice aesthetics but the controls are effed up. syeering in this game is hard
zvoilist : good game,but hard to control cars are super expensive.
james king458 : i love it its so original and also can you add a mustang and if you turn on the coolness it becomes a hoonicorn
r k : ultra sensitive controls, which makes the game tough and irritating !
smita thakur : very good car game for leveling up your skills in the different game and the best game ever played
fikir yehualawork : the game is absolutely amazing.the graphics is simple yet detailed.the gameplay is nice i enjoyed it
ciaran m : very few ads, interesting graphics and the camera option (pro cam) is awesome
david moffatt : love the art style cars are fun to drive. overall great game
poop de scoop : pretty cool game, the controls are a bit wet but i think that's a part of the game
rahi khan : this game is perfect but if you make this game open world,night modes etc.i will rate it 5 star.
mel arangel : fix the controls while im choosing my car it always go to the collection.
grandmster_dirty,dan : underrated. perfect game for when you're on the road. never gets old.
maxiv : graphics are really good but the controls are really hard
mark langley : it needs first person drifting it probably would be more accurate drifting other then that it's a good game
greg ganjon : i want to like this game. but the controls are all over the place. i dont know if i gotta break to get gas. if so i have no idea how because there is no how to play option.
bryan kohut : this is a great game. i can play it for hours without getting bored as it is not too easy but not too hard
aiden knowles : when you drive faster the more you drift which can be annoying.
will peet : amazing game, not too many ads, great cars and a great vibe
aniket chakraborty : a game which proves that having high graphics doesn't always make a game great.
bhushan mandal : good game, improvisation can be done to make this game more effective. thank you
andrew hickin : pretty good! not heavy on the ads like most games like this.
cheetopuffs : super great game, very relaxing. 10/10 would recommend.keep up the great work devs!
drifting panda : it's chellenging and hard at first but once you get the hang of it it's a really enjoyable game
ted med : no braking in game. i know controls for braking but i can't stop a car.
igor brodsky : perfect game to burn a little time while you're commuting.
johnelthan scott : pretty friging cool wish they had more classic trucks and cars but that wish can never be satisfied lol
ucok uck : fix the control please, absolutely awesome but the control need to be more handy
nelson somoza : it's fun to play this, and even though i fail, its still fun! i really enjoy this.
emils mortulevs : nice graphics and boring gameplay with bad camera angle and steering.
mijodrag miljkovic : nice game, keeps you interested for a while, nothing similar have i seen before. keep you originality
roblox master : i think this game is really fun but i gave it 4 stars because the steering is difficult
ritesh kumar : at first i thought it would be fun to play but after few minutes of playing. i got bored and uninstalled it.
faran awan : very nyc 3d car driving game ever. but controls are bit hard
ayushman mishra : non addictive and great time kill. has just enough amount kf competitiveness.... needs a little more puns!
sudhir bachhav : i love the gameplay and the stylised graphics , it really worths 5 stars .
astroxon : great game , awesome time killer , but now i have lost all of my progress due to not playing for a longtime , pls fix this
artic centurion : great endless runner. would loce new maps and unique cars.
macentire56 : been playing for around a month on the school bus, great game overall, tofuyama needs a nerf because the vans completely block the road on the wet part.
abdulateef damilola .o : i jst love d driving physics, kudos to d developer. am hoping if d developer could make a racing game with d same graphics and physics mechanics as in #drive
bangalie sesay : its a good game but i wish the cars were cheaper i played 20 day for the retro lamborghini but it is a fine game keep up the good work
my name is : the game is very enjoyable i really like the simple yet so addictive idea of the game
andrea de candia : love the design and graphics, but the car handling made it not fun for me
deniz ia : good game, but need quest and another feature such race, online game, etc.
lior milliger : tough controls. not so fun. uninstalled while in tutorial.
garry gill : a must-have game. truly a wonderous piece of art. absolutely love it.
theunknown : wow! this game is not bad than i think it is. great game keep moving this update and ill playing. it i will never stop
david thomas : good simple driving fun! plenty to unlock as well.
radi o'head : typical fremium rubbish, barely functional game, ads every few minutes.
shreyas koingaje : awesome and waiting for other game from same team with some what similar concept. loved it ,
mavihs idevirt : it's nearly impossible to control the vehicle. how am i supposed to play the game if i can't control the vehicle.
banridor : nice graphics and a great time waster, wish progression was faster tho
shariffa sheik : nice graphics so nice and handling is so tuff but i like hand sensor if it is in works so nice to handling
bhushan patil : could make cars a little cheap. but a good game love it
tawana bonzo : great graphics,great game and the difficulty level is on point
ian hicks : it's got strong potential, just the controls are seriously lacking
zaid essop : love the art style and the game is just super fun definitely would recommend
mohammed ahmed : if their was no car mode in japan map this would be the most badass asphalt we ever receive in the game
tayton moss : it will eventually get boring because you always crash in the same spot
alex keray : awesome game but too much adds and they are long and require to .any clients is go dismiss
austin savoie : fun game, simple enough controls and it looks amazing!
ssyoungsk8e r : its pretty fun, but when you get some distance it's a little too fast.
dylan bradley : great graphics, great customization, great game.
vasanth kiran379 : i liked it...good graphics and gameplay was nice..my opinion is to add tilt controls to it
carlos payne : its good but its hard as heck without zen and how am i supost to get cans to get a car i wanted and dont make cars on both sides
prince k : awesome soft and soothing graphics love it man....... game concept and in between interaction are also great 6 star game
jesse jorge : it's very basic, sort of great graphic, and great cars
don m : a gem. a stylish, simple, and relaxing game.
nivetha ravi : thus game is nice but you can improve more like character and levels and also free roaming
aswinkrishnan b : the controls are difficult, it takes away the beauty of the game
mohamed atta : loved the gui but there is overflow and targets to finish level is not clear
alexandru.g : is gud gem simple but not too easy, just hard enough to keep you entertained the graphics are great and in their cartoony fashion they remind me of tf2 there isn t a p2w or p2p factor so +400 points for that in total i rate it 420/69 (haha funny numbers laugh now)
walter the ker : great game,but i would like to has more of new cars like some hyper cars.but still great game
vineeth pradhan : top game. reminds me of an old game called london racer back in 1999. good ol times
rin sura : after i update, all my save data was lost. cars and maps all gone.
chris burns : very enjoyable game, i really like the controls and gameplay
speedtracker 95 : this is awesome! i can blast the acceleracers soundtrack when i'm playing this!
aashish lodhwal : a little more control over handling required and a little braking
gd_stormz : it's really fun and you should put more tips and stuff to learn
derek sell : doing this for the free car. the game is fine and a good time killer.
travis donnelly : control is a bit extra for the tight tracks landscape open it up a bit
rohan jaiswal : need improvement with steering.. game looks good.. but it's clumsy..
phoenix bryant : hi hngty in by my side i was 6566in at a bar in my car but it was a bit too late to get out and get a little more comfortable and more of the same clean and comfortable and i was able and i had a child and a few more people i was in for the first person i ever met
swapnil ghosh : the controls arent too good. the game however is a good timepass activity
fegrie pasanea : perfect, i suggest adding more map to the game, and maybe add stunts
brian welborn : great game hard to turn the car great idea with the old car i love them old cars
mark trolic : this game is pretty gud and low on money earning but good it suprised me that it requires more skills than what it looks like
yael engen : very fun. selection screen is a bit glitchy though.
ramen noodles : they should make it so there are diffrent paths and maybe a touge it make the game more fun
yohanes : very bad controller to driving. i'm sorry not enjoyed it all.
pranav ghantasala : rather challenging, but ultimately rewarding once you get the hang of it.
zenoh : great graphics but difficult to control the car.
mitchum 007 : an awesome variety of cars to choose from and cool gameplay
gabriel gamboa : really great offline game but i wish it was easier to get money but i rate it 5
tony spark : the game is awesome i rate it full because the controller ez and cars cool so thanks for the game
philip bailey : ummm. the graphics are nice and the car design is cool?
krishan kumar : cooolll interesting animation i think have too much fun then more then the expectations
achinthya krishna : really fun gameplay with catchy music tracks...amazing game...loved it.
yevhen orieshkin : advertisement that starts to play automatically between races is really annoying.
trevor whitaker : fun game for what they have as controls. very 80s and 90s based
yunaka sunandar : your game crash i can get in the game but in 1 minute the game stop and get out the webside it self
atul bhagat : a very unique experience from.this game i am very much suprising and give 5 star to developers i want to say that make same game on bikes and motorcycle
mohammad hmadeh : really a great game play plzz download and rate this great game and by the way it really deserves the editors choice
rxz : i'm addicted to this game, it's so much fun! but the progression is pretty slow at the beginning though.
sv99s : amazing game, with a very beautiful graphics and good controls
anshul pareek : i am not able to describe this game its totally amazing lovely graphics and voice touch
fabio chirco : allot of fun with cool retro cars and decent graphics.
give a name please : very fun when you're in the snow! great job making the game!
will jamieson : it's ok for passing the time. not bin playing long will update at a future date, but so far so good
dawson moore : really fun of a game i like it alot the game graphics are good and the voice acting is good i recommend this game
anson tseng : it's such a nice game. awesome graphics and no lag!
lijith : wow man, its really interesting game. cool graphics and a lovely mini game
soham dasgupta : i love this game. the interface is very professional, like it. must try out
ben hollenbeck : fun actually. no need to do anything besides maybe making the coolness enhance performance too
karthick jr : nice driving game with good graphics.... but.. tilt control must be added....
tendai mah : great game but i think you should add tilt as a way if controlling the vehicle
thatreal gamer : this game is amazing on days when everything is dull i just whip out my phone and play this game its so time comsuming i love it and would hugely reccomend this to all ages good job :)
iamironman : control wise u should provide tilt action with brake on screen which brings flexibility on manual liking users
justin king : really fun but cars need more grip and handiling. but overall great game!
venkat rao : very nice game it is diffcult to play but we will enjoy it while we are playing
clawhawser : this game has good graphics and hard controlls. i like it!
hondacivic : woo hood! the game is finally working now. thank you for fixing it. you deserve 5 stars!
iconic xpo : good game and good graphics although you should bring more styles to the game bro a better experience
x257 wolf : very fun i think it's a great way to pass time and i love the cars too
party _m yt : great game overall,controls are here to use but you can change them so it's fine
j v : good fun but i paid to remove ads with a 2x bonus, did not recieve.
sufiyan momin : this game is nice and make controls easy add first person mod in the driving
christian jordan suryadi : my suggestion on next location:moscow, with its 1970 towns. overall, it is good
big duce : controls are a little too lose but it just makes it more fun
mahender kataria : control is not proper work and this car so very fast i can't handle this game, so i tagged one star.
odin ilyich bagsit : it's so good arcade style drift game and addictive but put some badass music
mohammed ismail pasha : superb game i have never sawed in my game life. it can beat pubg i think so.
joao marcello cardoso pereira : no loot boxes and very well made!!!! liked it a lot!!!!
initial d fan : this is a great arcade game that requires skills to beat. 5/5
bac 2021 dz : good graphics but the control is so bad and not smooth have a great day
luigi boi : loving this game so far... but please add gyroscope steering! that would make this so much more fun!
harley neeley : good amount of cars! controls could use a little work
mckinnon strauss : instantly enjoyable, not too many ads which is a huge plus
mohammad omair : nice game could be better by adding a open city roads & people & more variable traffic -> destination
james jones : great game lots of car options good tracks and its not super hard.
heavy dude : after unlocking all the regions the post cards are invaluable please make post cards useable on the car upgrades or make new regions in the game
bimal hessa 55 : good game. but add mission list in the pause menu.
cole davis : ads a little annoying, but fair for some good fun for free
vikrant chauhan : good game. would love to see a gta like rpg in similar graphics and controls
kunal sheth : this game is crashing after the update....it automatically close while i am playing play do it for that...
shubham rai : its a great game but how does the brake works?? double tap doesnt help
* lavatitan * : fun it's easy to understand the controls and is addicting
seb play : the level 12 task drive the boogie when you need to unlock the boogie at lvl 15 to drive it seems a bug in the game.
abdul azim : really really super fun and not even that time consuming or addictive.
mvuyiseko bezana : great game. also love the voice that's available when i drive.
haixor julio de la pena gutierrez : i'm loving the game so far, it's just amazing and the intro is so rockstar like
raffi janian : very fun but the car turns a lot so it's a little difficult the rest is good
aisek balladarez : stunning graphics and a simple, fun game!
nitin agaria : add tilt steering option. brakes are not much effective.
nitin gaopande : too much crashing. you don't want user to play at all. uninstalling
seplep_ : i loved this game but overtime with so many updates it got so laggy that its unplayable.
vladimir makarov : great game. the ads don't leap in. funny. good controls
manu machaiah : an amazing game easy for killing time and having fun at the same time.
mohamed radwan : the best driving game,very challenging the new indicators and the ui update is very useful,great update
007 : very good gameplay and earns profit fastly i recommend this as one of the best car games i rate it 5stars :d
rodney brainard : needs gamepad compatibility... and why is it *exactly* like "thumb drift"??
werner pienaar : big fan of low poly stuff so i like the graphics. good time killer!
souvik roy : never ever have i enjoyed a game so much ina mobile device. absolutely worth a space.
anthonyxrc : great game. wish there was an accelerator button though. but still fantastic game 100/10
patricio c : there's not much to say, this is an excellent game! maybe more levels?
nico johnson : pretty fun and haven't seen an add yet so yeah 4 stars for you guys and keep up the good work.
birds : it's good. wish the brake function was more easy to use though
stop changing my username : i reall like this game! its very fun and can kill some time when you're bored. 5 stars!
jose garcia : really fun game graphics are really good all in all it is a beautiful game.
ganapathy subramanian 14 : great job i love the environment and the controls..... realistic
jomari ramos : noice game, i have encountered a bug (i can't collect caps even though i'm driving through them)
chuck norris : easy to pick up and play. great casual driving.
melissa doughty : love this game. fun, easy and aesthetically pleasing..
preshalen moodley : this game is siick, would be so dope if you had a race mode and one where you can vs your friends
maneesh maverick : u can enjoy the game upto a certain level after that it's pretty boring
rudy mohamed aittia : its very creative idk how long it took you to develop this but it definitely is amazing!
omnom : the quality of the game is awesome and the classic cars are the best.
nick keen : fun little game. easy to play, relaxing and fun
purinikos : super fun and easy to play. the only problem it has is that it's addicting
tema3bot : i remember it can be played flawlessly on my bb passport.now i continue playing it on my mi max.it's so fun and updates regularly.
mr.froggu : pretty good. a bit hard to get into at first but the gameplay is addicting.
corronda tompkins : it's fun but the steering sensitivity it's like a radical racer.
mr candy yt : i give it two stars because i love the game. but the handling in this game need to fix
grant cabico : the graphics are nice. but if you play often you'll get bored.
delon sillygame : smooth drifting and easy to control for driving!!
slash caliber : slick and challenging, not a lot of ads either.
danger close : fun game. fairly simple, but enjoyable time waster.
ian young : fun with slight control variations on the different terrains and few ads
ahmad abbass : i've never been so impressed by a car game. love the attention to detail!!!
leonard mwendia : the game instantly closes when i tap drive.. what's the problem???
rahul : good game and good concentrating...but the sound needs improvement.
dennis kibet : love the movement of the game but the controller's are weird when you control
sameer inamdar : all in all, a fun game. nothing to be hooked on to. but it does help you kill time.
gabor v : fun arcade. what does coolness upgrade do? only the look or more money?
steve k : getting stuck on high, the medium low graphic on oneplus 7t.. pathetic.. game intresting... gud time pass..
joses robert : the control is so worse than ever, it's very complicated for me to control this game.
axel : um developer can you add some multiplayer mode, racing mode and, demolition derby also indonesian map
thine mother : graphics are good but the gameplay good!!! you should play it
yadd zizey : great game only need an improvement on the controller and sensitivity
reagan maharaj : it is a very different game to say the least but very good garphics and style of the game keepnup the good work
chirag patel : great game to play...and the graphics are good...good background voice
tarek mahmud tanmoy : nice and simple game. fun to play. plz add brake upgrade option
dennis short : fun game it is a little hard to control the car but you can get used to it.
avinash chandrabhan : it's a simple and fun game, what more could you want? surprisingly it seems like the devs are passionate about their game. rare to see these days so props to them.
ak 003 : put racing mode because endless mode games get bored of playing and new maps btw too good game
juan quintero : awesome game i really enjoy playing it. you can really tell the devs put their heart in there
jezrel manlangit : game is addictive. nice graphics. excellent overall!
d.c chavda : not too interesting game. its controls are too bad. please not install this game.
bodhi stieber : really fun doesn't shove ads down your throat everything is pretty obtainable through ingame progression
anes mehovic : intriguing gameplay. wish for more landscapes and abilities
seth geelhood : runs very smooth on my galaxy s9 which is a pretty old phone, well made great game!
taulant devolli : fun to play, not too many ads and not very annoying. 6/10
stinkychez : just started playing this game, and i can't put it down! 10/10, the devs did an amazing job
viz _ : it's cool style theme in there. gives a country diving experience.
smorgasboord : perfect.game for passing time, l absolutely loving the graphics!
michael snyder : amazing!! i wasn't sold on the game when i first started but the more i've played the more i fall in love with it!!
hunter floyd : very fun and addicting i just wish you could customize the cars
robert dziarmaga : tutorial doesn't even work. i go through the white caps but i can't collect them
hamitha rafi : its a good game. but should improve the graphics.
elfaiz agus romadhan : drive its my best only just 1 problem how to pay a new car that's very expensive but it's so fun so i will rate this 5 star
panak coding : amazing game, runs very well on any smartphone, and very enjoyable!
habana, fidel castro m. : great and fun game, hope they'll add first person perspective mode.
renjith antony : good entertainment but i don't like it same tracks same dialogues small area to play.sorry...
adarsh kesav : fantastic fabalous game so much fun so many maps . love this game must try item
shubhashree pradhan : nice but it's handling is too strong and weak that i can't control the car
dialita guitang mandac : i love the game but can you add a 2 specific cars a dodge charger rt and possibly a group b rally car
vova y : its hard to play from the beginning, controls is the worst thing here
abinash chaudhury : too sensetive..and more of a classic approach but personally i am not a fan of these west world legends.
wickedish iccy : really love the 70's 80's vibe, really nailed it, looks like i'm driving through an artistic postcard
steven kho : looks and plays great.. bought it immediately.. please add more cars n locations
bryan allen : here is another game i never played when i see something i hadn't played i just go for i don't care if it is a car or truck i wanna they are some awesome and cool games
gambeer sagar : driving is good but the car hits electrical pole often its a kinda boring but interesting
divyanshu rajani : best game at this time after pubg ban and sir i completed this game 2 time but please increase the stability of car
given laishe : i like the game it's really addictive and accurate and overall performance is perfect
liam bassingthwaighte : good game but needs more variety to stay entertaining long term.
marko spehar : awsome game. as far as ive played it no gltches or chrashes. very addictive and fun.
eric vargas : really fun and addicting game, cool retro graphics.
kilk swifty : fun game to pass the time clearly the developers care about this little masterpiece.
asanthi balagalla : what a really good game..all things are perfect.movements roads weather are absolutely good..recommended for you...
edgar green : fun game, some ads are forced on you during gameplay.
synjimmy : interesting graphics, not a racing game, but everything is lovely
amrish kumar : very difficult to control the car and it doesn't turn well
g n : super addicting tbh lol once you get a hang of the controls.
se_an : very good gameplay and overall a good game to kill time.
pitlord : handling of car is too much, such a potential but it lacks of something
kevin salenga : wow!just...wow!hey,you start off sloppy but once you get a hang of it,you can play 24/7.#drive#fun#everything
avinash sreekumar : amazing game with cool graphics. hats off to the developers
sadegh hosseini : very good game and you can even play offline 1 more thing can you guys also do item or gas on the right side and not only left side
duste : amazing, great graphics, and gameplay is insanely good.
dayton c mercado : its has gret graphic and is a little hard to get use to but great game.
tarun sarkar : this game is very good but you should add an indian map and a trafficless drift mode
dylan healey-render : great for a free game. nice driving and drifting controls
hakwe : great game, really pretty and there's alot of cars being added frequently
chuck ion dilao : i like the game, makes me play more because it is challenging game. heheh
seb smith : it's so good for time braking just make it's so thes you d abouts and different roads
aesthetic snow : wow! this game is so fun! love the cars and the new map.
rudra lad : simple yet fun, great details to each track.
stripe stooge : it's alright so far, brakes don't work as well as you'd expect, but it's alright.
everett churchill : great time killer and lots of cars to choose from.
josh kruik : great game, but how do you drift?! do you need a particular car?
talmeha khurrum : it anazing the controls are good its not pay to win it tests your reaction time its fair and its fun
rahid gameing : this game is great it is good for time pass at its very cool the art style is great
zach sabel : simple and fun. worth the money for no ads.
bambang irawan : is any possible for checkpoint? hate to drive from begining, also it could be nice to have break for car
alfred jijo : amazing game goes into depth in what you would kinda think this game would be about and overall has good gameplay
charlez mateo : hard to shake the wheels but when you master it, the game will become easy
tuke : it's enjoyable. but like most android games it gets stale too soon
yameen rylands : very fun and addictive. lots of goals and not pay to play
branislav stojanovic private : cute soundtrack, cocky and funny voice over, endless fun.
rangga marvel : great game, cool graphics, pretty addictive. the control was okay
jar jar binks : absolutley brilliant game so much fun and i love that it has regular updates and that it supports controler 10/10
zebedeo alvarez : veryy nice game ngl i love this. i played this game like 2 years ago, i had so many cars and stuff, and now i miss it. but yeah very very nice gamee
brian spahni : the brakes suck. spend more time watching commercials.
vashtie copper : this game is great i really love the zen mode its almost like i can drive cross state this game is great
logan huntley : the car is so hard to control. also we should be able to brake more
roman wardle : the screen corrupts after a few minutes of playing, not reccomended
thomas dms : this game is very good. there is no ads and best driving.
giancarlo di lorenzo : it's a good way to pass time, although it has a lot of ads if you don't pay to get them taken off
avery w : the artwork is amazing and the gameplay is smooth. love it
thomas : very fun to play during class when i have no work to do! keep it up!
ryota masuda : good storyline but the controls should be easier but i will give a 5 star
mitchel rodeback : big fun, love the silly car names and settings for them.
the red panda 63 : best mobile game i've ever played it's like a pc game in terms of quality.
koushik ghar : wasted my data and time. bad game. very very poor control. no fun at all. there is nothing to do in this game. don't download.
jancy francis : loving this game ! add more options like pvp etc , but it is best offline game !
nathan duckworth : i love it. it's so fun but the controls are a bit hard to use. i think you should try it out.
abir imtiaz : loved the graphics ! so simple, yet so gorgeous!
clariet govender : i can think of is that it is the same as the one i used to play with the game and get a little bit of money i have been trying for a while with this game is still not working but it is a very low class game
salad : ok so if anyone is having triuble with the turning mechanics you might have turned on pro cam on which changes how things turn
g giridharan gopal : tt is the worst game in the whole world it is too hard to play the game because the stering was very bad control i was checking in the settings but there are 3 sterings the 3 sterings are very worst i will tell this game is the world's worst game ever............
himadri hazarika : the game is very good but you guys should add something like online events or season
aidan jenkins : its one of the best games ive played but it would be nice if they had actual brads of cars such as ford holden ferrari and lamoghini
srujan chaganti : great game! fun and simple with amazing graphics.
adrian : the devs are the best ones i have seen so far they always take your feedback and actually help you
supernova proxima : fun game. kind of hard to get used to the controls though.
sam reed : good game would like to see antialias for the default cars window but good game realy adictive fun game play cool maps
seigi a : good game! but i wish i could restore my old save (didn't transfer with my new phone)
joe : great game easy control's great graphics all in all great game would definitely recommend
sara fullerton : i cant even get into the game. it freezes and i cant give this review 0 stars. please fix thus
j : good fun. not too many ads at all!!!
north the1 : this game is really good and controlls are amazing with controller.
harsh sawant : best game to play in quarantine i really appreciate its realistic features.
aman hooli : best when you get bored , and do try the pro camera option .
sniperbattledroid : is a great game and i love it i keep coming back to it all of the time. probably my favorite offline game i have
our beautiful chaos : i think it is a fun game to play when you are bored and when you are tired of lagging games.
telonean : game is really good the way u drift feel so excellent u can contumize u car in hope they will be adding a dcl like humanz zombies bycicle runnerz and even a tournament who can go further than each other race mode cant wait to see how the game will go
tanielu ia : great style and mechanics. overall fantastic game.
mohammed jamal : a very good game with good graphics but need more locations
surya bharadwaj : low quality game. lags so much. covers so much space.
zaxar rrr! : driving is hard, but a good kill time game, i guess :d
wong brian : unrealistic and the whole game is just trying to sell you ads.
benjamin roberts : was fun til lol bought credits and accident reset progress -.- lost my coins no way to get em back
mithilesh jayaranjan : the game is alright, but controls were a bit hard to use.
charles haas : fun game, i like the commentary and vehicle choices are endless.
efrain velez : pretty fun game the controls are hard but you'll get used to it
harish kumar : epic gaming experience with great graphics and gameplay.... control's!!!!
migs 8 : the music is very good but for the sensitivity it was not good
radhi putra : ui update makes me missread icon to coin..and hit the car infront of mine..how about sign on road as powerup indicator? next update maybe add some bumpy road,leaking oil on road for more challange?
zeki t : one of the best arcade games i've every played, very creative
naqieuddin azman : the game is good, the control is great, ghraphic is amazing, i like it !
jess purviance : cool game so far. really like the design and style.
george mcginty : nicely polished but the handling is like a drunk baboon and the gameplay is boring.
nick shvelidze : pretty boring, has forced video ads. stupid voice acting.
tunku amar : as far as ive played its fun the grind is fun and the way they implement ads too is nice
h. soleimani : this game is perfect! the graphic is really good!this game is the coolest game ever!
antwon deker : i haven't been able to play the game for a while. everytime i start it up it just crashes.
thomas davidson : it's a really good game but with the new update it started to crash.
harvey hudson : fun game, no ads that aren't optional, very good!
ekki a m : yeah, quite enjoying it so far. i was hoping some good features. hope to see it on the next updates!
fuzail ahmed : this game should have billion downloads this game is lacking challenges dear #drive makers you just need to add challenges or levels to make this game addictive
grant : it's to hard to control and you drift way to easily.
kieran pern : very epic, takes a while to grind for cars but fun game :)
timothy freeman : it's a great game but i suggest tilt steering should be added
ravi sharma : really bad game..controls are all over music is horrible and animations ae like cartoons.
ryan ahmad : man, i iose all my money and my car when i tried to reinstal it because the game was lag.
itachigo blade : super cool and i suck at the game practice makes perfect but overall the game is awesome
xavier : the game's good, my only problem is how often you get ads tbh
sushma rani : nice game. very good featured game. good sounds and tunes.
nicolas esteban zambrano bernal : fun, easy to play, really nice graphics.
mason herr : its a pretty fun game. easy to learn the controls.
dean gates : super fun and easy to pick up. great time killer
sahil tanwer : best game i have ever played and got addicted to this game very fast and can't take my hands from my phone when i am playing this and i will recommend uh to install and play this game.
mr. cap : it's actually a pretty cool game and easy to play. i play this all the time when i'm bored at school and don't have nothing to do.
yessir yessir : super fun and great to play when you have no internet. have fun!
ehtisham khalid : good graphics nice game but needs some storyline to make progress interesting
random head : really great game just for what i ws looking if you want an endless ride. i suggest you this game.
discord guy : good but the controls are very hard you leaving the repair station and getting into a freakin house
fester : great game but the tasks on the last levels (17) are quite hard tbh
bhavesh solanki : i like more japan culture but looking forward this map in 2 in 1 race mode or 6 in 1 race mode
duck guy : pretty dope time waster, kinda wish the first map had some sharper turns tho :/
pandora harvent : nice game. some angle to make car going crash need little fix.
treyarder : isn't entertaining, and controls are really bad.
hv217 tarpley : it is good game but i think it should be a bit more big because i am good i am but it's a little bit small so plz just a little bit more big plz in the gas stops
nomer tolentino : this is the most suckest game its just a black screen then it will crash
joshua stocker : it's the best game i have ever played the turning is ok and i like the maps they are so beautiful
gaz : this is a fun game, hope in the next update, i can connect this game with facebook, not only with google play because my current phone dont support gms anymore
mizuku neptun : really fun and smooth,you can play it anywhere when young bored
the saint : very fun, and not pay to win, great time killer, been playing it for years
pratik maske : game was good and graphics are really awesome... but we don't have staring to cantrool the car.....
hue janus : the monsters are very spooky, games graphics are decent, jumpscares are weak
scott : police chase lag is fixed, yes. reinstalled. thank you.
catur argi : needs nitrous, ramps, modifications, night run, rival car, split road, roadblocks etc
luthando mabuza : best game ever . i think everyone should try it.. the problem is that i can't hit a train.
jewelson noronha : not great. keeps crashing... not endless...endfull.. because it keeps ending...
wood 4 specialist : more cars please. need more classics cars! great scenery btw
merabi khutsishvili : gaming mechanic is amazing and there are lots of cars to chose from i whould recomend it
dogac karatas : leveling up is a bit mess but the gameplay is great.
sajad rajabi : good graphic and sounds, but control is so hard.
max sundblad : absolutely love this game! quality like this is in a mobile game is hard to come by these days.
gocometisama : excellent graphics and gameplay nothing else can describe this game better
nainan george : mindblowing game.awesome graphics and everything is perfect.
ajib ranggi : time killer...if posible can u please upgrade the setting to tilt...so maybe theres player prefer tilt steer...tq
allen park : awesome driving game, but the first car drifted too much.
kembou albert : nice game guys : interesting game play, medium level graphics , good tome killer . good game idea
kadek chandra : gameplay is awesome but the controls a bit hard to get used to
the wolfyt : the game is sooo addictive there are no bugs that i've seen and it's all in all just fun!
keith sellars : great graphics and sound let down big time by the controls
lamp light : it is really fun and it's like traffic racer and i played that game since i was 6 or 7 so this game reminds me of that game to
alex hodgkinson : really fun, only problem is it makes you wait if you use your brakes too long
affan samad : excellent innovation to driving game. has its own appeal!!
c.skeleton : great!!! best graphics, best gameplay, everything is great
mateusz chlechowitz : very good game, but i think it's better when you play with a controller but over all very good game 5 star's i do recommend
guy davis : the game is good but it needs a bit more complexity because it feels like it's missing something.
ryan neafie : other than the ads, this game is very fun and i like it.
matija toncic : great game. i love the controls and also the cars.
wade cody : i feel like it has beautiful graphics driving turning and i love the game so much
banks bullard : its pretty good. a great game to play when waiting in line etc.
robert r : looks great but controls are difficult to use.
scott h : it's a full-screen video advert app with built-in game.
john whitlock : amazing game, though the cars are hard to get.
anoop shukla : rated 3 because you guys gave me.irritating reminders to rate the game. otherwise the game is a 4 pointer
rashid shaikh : good game, good graphics and good controls keep it up
sean lacerda : nice game! too bad it has too many ads...
jossh cedrick sta cruz : superb.... and exciting and also.. the best graphics ever..!!!!
olorunfemi festus : please fix the car control..the sensitivity adjustment is trash
deepak mandhare : fun. love the landscapes and the way everything handles.
minh o le thanh : gameplay is rather limited and repetitive, but quality nonetheless
izaiah paul : fun to play, and a bit addictive. good way to kill time
franz pattison : has potential but until i can turn off the irritating voice i won't be playing it
mr tee9ja : i love it...but the game glitches on hugh settings and my phone specs is around average 3gb ram android pie etc
low kai zheng : great graphics quality and nice driving games.... recommended.
xenon ter : good game.endless ways.but add some maps and unlimited missions. :)
cam caskey : pretty good game but it needs better car customization.
steve mcqueen123 : control feel a little loose but it provide a good challenge
laura fill : really weird and cool game you could ad jdm cars and multiplyer but realy good game
abdul samad chughtai : perfect game, perfect graphics and features!!!
alexander dodge : you have to grind for money to get a new vehical but other than that game is fun
enzo tronzo : good. controls are hard from time to time, but really good.
zoom six : very fun and relaxing game love wasting time at work when there's no customers around!
ragu raman : poor control, breaks are not working properly, very hard to play
bhre aditya : love the graphic. the gameplay's challenging.
john saltmarsh : love playing this game when i really should be working but it passes the time much better.
ttv moxtion : amazing when you need a new game for you phone. 100 precent recommend it
povilas sauciunas : fun to play, style is awesome, waiting for more content!
shsjsjaj jhhdrhnkl : pretty fun game expecaly in the zen mode but could use a bit of tweking
bian adit : cannot using tilt mode on driving mode. only tap
alex b : terrible game play ruined more so by 30 second long adverts....forget it.
ginga ninja : great game .it feels new and fresh compeard to the other car based games out
nobody : it's a beautiful game, but is a bit grindy. overall is really good.
thomas hobbs : samsung galaxy s9+ game wont load it opens and then instantly closes the app.
avnish kumar kumar : love this game thought it was same like other racing car games but it's plot is different love it
emanuel pedrozo : love the amount of details putted in this game is very enjoyable to pass each scenario
alfredsteuer.@googlemail.com steuer : i really love this game but the control is a bit loose overall is a great fun game
afshin nezamabadi : very good game with interesting graphic and good controls, love it
nicotine gaming : i like the retro art style and i absolutely love the cars in the game
ajaira friends : i think it is so good game because its good control ang tuff riding. but speed so fast
eroles randolph : didnt expect the gameplay to be that fun and whoever did the voice acting goodjob!
suhail akrami : great graphics and game play but steering and break are must be developed
daksh saroha : one of the most simple yet engaging driving game.
tohbuu : its good,but an overall experience from this game is great its a typical driving game for me.its good
w&t ishola : a really nice game even though the controls were hard at first it is nice
sanket kulkarni : after a very long time (years)i like something and that is this game#drive.. huge like from india. keep it up
tahmid tajoar : vintage and time killing. really appreciate it...
mattress : good game its pretty simple yet quite challenging at time overall its a good game
kahinke2 2 : real driving experience what a game i play this game and i shocked this game under 200 mb wow make more updates please.#positivity :)
vitor paladini : great game, ads are obnoxious and removing them is too expensive
mrityunjay mohapatra : don't know why in my device the music was not playing smoothly neither the commentary.
kendra kalyana : really good graphics and animation, pretty fun experience overall
a google user : no controlling the car. it is always crashing. no fun
geneva rogde : good but it gets really frustrating after a few crashes
james elli : this game has a lot of detail i have been playing this for a year also i got my cousins and dad to play it they love it.
mihai serbanescu : a bit too twitchy with the controller but otherwise great!
jacob osborne : great fun and the gameplay is super easy and a lot of fun too!!
prayash pradhan : unbelievable! i've never been interested in any games but this thing got me addicted to it.
deuce miller : great game, mechanics and graphics are great.
ryan stevenson : one star right now because the game crashes when i try open it, fantastic game otherwise
keane desoyo : good game i like it the graphics everything wow but the problem is the ads
liam mcrae : the game is amazing reminds me of pako 2 in a way lots of love was put into the game something rare
meatloaf : the best arcade endless runner game on android. period.
koodo : graphicd are good but the steering is too much and no brakes?
didit putra : cool graphic, a bit steep learning curve.
dillanthegiant : it's a cool game but getting money to buy the cars is abit hard
lochlan denton : good fum game, easy controls, simple to master.
thecandlewaxx : its a good time waster and has a lot of cars to try to get
malick khan : the controls could be made more intuitive
clorox bleach : i like the game all together my friend and i are totally hooked and we are currently battling for highscores
jake davidson : its a timekiller and i love it but i dont really like the controls
mike t. : the ads and bad controls makes me want to uninstall it.
dark knight : nice game good graphics love it i also have request to add more cars and places the app is great
snep yadn : awesome graphics and best game for those who love drifting.
kat kgatuke : this game is beautiful and easy to play and the cars are cool.
kzul fazriawan : nice game actually, i hope it has good steering control
harsh chandra : the game is fun and gets resent updates. very fun definitely werth getting.
iqra zul amal : need to fix control.. its really hard to control the car
charleszz_ofc : kinda hard to control the cars but otherwise, great game
mostafa okasha : amazing game. not that many ads. overall beautiful
vivek vikram singh : this game is superb a little hard that's whats makes it superb and thus gamer don't care about the difficulty
heisei : fun and charming. a great, easily-conyrollable game.
carl warren rodriguez : this game is truly an amazing game, the aesthetic background really brings out the best out of the game
noah murray : i really enjoyed this game because it has cool graphics and the gamplay is exciting
ganesh karhale : great work. nice graphics and beautiful scenery.
phillip higgins : very fun, but the controls take a bit to get used to.
ayan sadhukhan : nice game.. nothing to say about it... one of the best car games in play store
giannis terezakis : awesome game. it can be very relaxing mostly due to the music
mechanic gfitu : maybe 5 if adding tilt steering and speed control
cover's of the songs : one the best driving games i've ever played and it's so interesting to play and needs a lot of attention
sewerreviews ! : its very nice, though it would be nice to add a yugo car it would be very funny !! best game ever made
deadspaceneo 11 : it's a fun game if you like being on your toes while driving the cars
skeebop : kinda fun. driving games with touch screen no bueno.
augustine hahn - vazquez : i like the drift physics alot, not much to complain abt.
michael john acosta : i like the game i like the free roam and i drift like a boss eeeeeee i'm so happy so guys install #drive right now or else a huge spider will eat you
stable genius : it is exciting and has easy to use controls
douglas hardy : it's fun but i wish the car was easier to control
rubiks cube how to, and reviews : good game i have a super laggy phone but this game barely lags on this phone keep up the good work!
daniel saltvick : great game to play when you'r sitting back listing to podcasts.
raak wallis-king : gameplay good but a little monotonous after a while.
dayan abass : it's really really good. just what i suggest is that add some new maps.
ivan megyesi : good graphics, no bugs. perfect.
ilja jusupov : seems to not be working, asking to upgrade coolness which is not available
shubham chatterjee : really amazing game ... and the graphics are so relaxing..
sahil solanki : it's not that fun controls are not great this game needs to improve a lot
tlakaelel ceja valadez : it's a cool game, reasonable amount of ads
scythe ditor : great game over all, just wish it was easier to get a lot of caps
todd bradshaw : great game it is both fun and challengeing the drift is hard but fun
nikhil alve : nice game . they should also add multiplayer drage race mode.
lovely kumari : i like the graphics but the gameplay is repetitive and boring
damian garside : need to be a perfect player only. hard to control.
aich145w : this game is amazing and i get to use my xbox controller please make more games that i can use my controller
kunwoo kim : great looking, with reasonable number of ads, easy 5 out of 5
dalton maestre : the only thing i like is the graphics and the drip mechanics but ill rate it 5 star
hassan ali : super time killer barely internet needed just the right amount of ads olus decent graphics
nabeel khan : i wanted to give it a 10 star, man it's too good. who ever made this is game, u have my respect. keep creating he's like this plzz.
ryleigh spaeth : pretty good time waster! easy to pick up hard to put down
mojtaba mirkatooli : it was kinda hard for me to play it because every checkpoint was too far from eachother
space wave : needs better game button function control and then it's like really really good
dillpickle games : very fun and addictive. i've been looking for a game like this for a while and finally i found it! great game.
naim 9pro2020 : all games should have this level of quality. it should be a standard.
saboor 128 : this game is good it good we dont have a network connection it is one of the best offline games i have ever played
kevin reed : you can't slow down so you can control the car it's just crazy
victor quyuy : nice graphic but too weird control. feel uncomfortable rather than excited
mizhok : simple obstacle avoiding game, good for a five minute distraction
a google user : control is terrible, please add brake. graphic is good
karl jan contado : i love the game but the ads are ruining it. so 4 star for now
charles ingram : this game is awesome! the graphics is way better than i expected. this game is going to get me addicted to this game.
albert garangou culebras : please make it possible to change volume and sounds level separately!!
nadzmi : nice. like the font,cars name and design. pretty cool.
ashani francis : a really great game, i put it down from time to time, but when i come back. i'm always impressed .
giorgi gb : nice gameplay nice nature and i wish improve of steering tipes. thanks for game
vajra sapkal : i give it a 4, this is a very good game but glitches here and now and then happen. although good
leon klas : its just fun. could do without the non user activated ads tho.
nasrum minallah : love it!! plzz add the option to customize our cars..
robert vickers : my only problem is the steering. it's to off. if u fix that i will. be str8
monzar : i love the voice lines and the cartoonish style the game brings i have no complaints
singara tharun sai : i like very much and it is a nice game and offline also so i like the game and so many car are there to drive
gunnar kiest : very fun lots of cars and its fun to smash into other players cars
seema nagpal : please give the 4 map as fast as possible and feature any bmw car please.thats a request
steve georgy : best game for timepass.......would make it better it the other cars were cheaper
the examiner : perfect controls, decent physics, interesting gameplay 5/5
sonia ramsay : wow..its a pretty addicting game but there is 1 thing. what is the red cap when i collect all the other caps?
tuna : not much to say. the only problem is how long it takes to build up a sufficient amount of money, and i'm not even talking about a new car
jarred oberholzer : fun game to play , controls take some getting used to , but other than that a fun game
zach smith : fun gameplay and nice graphics. maybe add more upgrades tho
neithan tan : nice but can you make it even more better like, make the police chase even more intense
ashlee carey : the controls are kind of unreliable but it's a addicting game
sebastian diaz : its fun, controls kind of wierd, but an overall good experience
tomatogaming23 : i like the way you bribe the cops and the controls are easy as hell
jamasb samia : really funny, the feel of drifting a suggestion can be race mode thanks
inotterspace : irritating controls but overall a fun experience.
vitor prentice : i honestly cant fault this game with the dissing and the e is a choppa that was the last thing i had a skrap for the last two years of froggie lamp on a conveyor compartment in a small apartment building and i got it in an hour and 7am to get the feeling devilish 3pm it is a little more 6th and then 3am it will not be in my van.
ryan z : very good game. love the tiny car. it drives like a dream
dusan mihajlovic : poor controls. repetitive. nice artstyle though.
sebastian kaczynski : good game. the latest update fixed my previous issues so i'm changing my review to 5 stars.
voonshiuh wu : good concept but vehicle control is difficult.
phong ii : fun and challenging, tons of awesome cars.
arjet duli : it's a great game , it has good graphics and it's a challenging game
gail gardner : its soo bad theres no laptop controls if you add laptop controls make it w=throttle s=brake a+d=steering
sandro saria : game.is good but need more opportunities more resist more cars and maps
baba fuseini : a very good game but the controls are a bit complex
kristopher tibbetts : super fun and easy to play, and i love the graphics
levi wilson : great game it's actually fun and it doesn't shove ads down your throat
john duggan : fun game, easy to pick up and play, good price
sukman shakib chowdhury : wonderful game. i really like it graphics are so good.
crixel7 : good, just wish there was a separated break button edit: now there is!
jayla : love to explore the places but you crash easily.
c1-26-kanakroy : good game and have good graphics but it need more mission
arena : the game intensively unique and stres remover this game is totally fun but one thing can we suggest some cars like nissan 240sx or s15 hope u read this guys thank u ilove rhis game 100%
john.j dancho : awesome pass time...... it puts up a good challenge.
abunites : good game nice three dimensional animation, good control and nice quotes
miles stone : it started off as fun but after awhile it became very boring.
toto plana : this cool tho love the graphics and everything here the classic cars cool too;)
a google user : very intresting but try and put brakes in the game for a better movement
nolska : thanks so much for the toyota ae86. and the total recall map!!!
zirconiumgd : you guys should add trades and friends, but overall this game worth spending time
irsyad ramadan : nice game, but if you work more for graphics its really perfect
mariano gabriel : great little time killer, a lot of fun to play.
sohit bagga : game is smooth af. and the tracks are great.
thurston jacobs : amazing game and the graphic is wonderful..i must say good job thanks for making this game
mayank dheer : nice gameplay but it's too difficult to control the car
cyprian tindin : octafx ad cannot be closed. requiring the game to be closed to close the ad.
nadyara garrido : ultimate variety of classic cars and super ez controls
nathan roa : this game gets intense and there is a big variety of cars to choose from
premareddy sawkar : there are too many olymp trade adds remove adds but game is awesome and addicting
sujash rocks : awesome graphics simple controls...loving it till now.
joon bugg : love this game the controls need to be tweaked but over all its a great game
86 media : it has a good statement game works very well no bugs or anything that could cause it to go bad
jordan sugarman : fun short gameplay. ads are a bit annoying
himani gautam : yes it is a very very good game, i want a new car audi r8, thank you
leins b. : a face paced, thrill game, with a whole lot of car to try out
paul dalusong : super fun! can't stop playing and it just keeps getting better and better!
pandu pratama : it's the same endless racing typical game but still brings fresh concepts
reza kiany : cool game like the graphics and reward system love the voice acting
marcelino su : very fun and addicting, yet minimalist and simple
omer mirza : super fun. doesn't force you to buy stuff. that's how you make a mobile game.
vlad enia : very nice and fun game. i especially like the graphics.
ravinder sharma : bang on graphics not for baby...its hard both hard should make more games like this
hasnain haider mir : great and fun than the old games like subway surfers and doctor driving
daki fx : game is awesome but ca4s are to fast like i cant react that fast to like turn left right or to break
maskmusk : i reccomend to rate this 5 the gams is so so smooth!!!! btw taking the photos in this game are awesome i reccomend this game is in the 10 best driving games
i am an indian : it's a good game..... but , in this game no steering wheel control...
kurt woyma : a real mobile game. not a whole lot of those lying around and this one does it well.
dxni : really good. i also barely get ads so i like it.
camopanda : just had a question what does the coolness upgrade even do? you spend money on it and it seems to do nothing.
aashiq 011 : i was enjoying the game and it showed witch to zen mode. how to turn off zen mode? please help
adenic joenel mark : its fun and enjoying but sometimes when you crash get :-(
danfoxy : this game is awesome! the only problem is the controls but i will get used to it
celestial : very good game also sometimes it is difficult but enjoyable gameplay
zachary bellwood : great game, though not sure how to turn off zen mode...
krzysztof barwinski : really great game only sometime long adds without fast forward option but durable still playing
favourite youtuber : nice game but graphics should be high and controls are not proper
moreno immanuel : this game is very awesome the game is very cool especially with the cars i really love it
roon koong : not complicated, easy control. good games.
versed official : the best 2-only-control game. like the voices too.
larry schwartz : repetitive, poor controls, horrible menu system
romilda matthys : its a good challenge but make the cars more controllable
john doe : not for me, the game feeling is very slippery and it gets repetitive so quick
sam b : enjoyable vehicle dynamics + great development team with great upgrades on the app
bailey henderson : overall a great game, handling could be much more sensitive thought :)
aswin r : this game ia very hard to play. can you make steering wheel for this game.
maroti pise : ur game is fantastic but i am not able to trick the police by using car breaks
jayson brown : really nice arcade game, touchy control, really challenging.
wole : the game controls sucks ...if i could gove a rating lower than 1 star i would ...i will probably be like -5 stars....the graphics are also lame ...the 1 star only allows me to write this review...you suck
william gay : so far so good. unlike the style of the game. controls take a little getting used to
europhixlinx 451 : good game, sometimes doesn't fully open but overall good game.
emy toliba : great controls very challenging and fun keep the good work
ricardo rodriguez : a little repetitive after some time but still great
techie abhishek.s : the game is good but the task & hardship is way too much actually.
queencw : this game is so addictive cant go one day without playing. definitely recommended
liam jacquire : no explanation of the pick ups, we get told about the bulldozer pick up, but we must guess the purpose of the rest
hector batallang : the gameplay is good however the controls could be improve
faheem chaudhary : improve the tracks. add more places. i'll give 5 stars.
winston julianno : this game is fun. i like the music, my favorite map is the japan
emmanuel d'souza : it's had some glitches where the car gets stuck in this the tiers in the practice area
logi : it just has really great graphics and controls
mridula gangrade : -low storage -great graphics -great controlls -fun and addicting -somewhat hard
adrian rodriguez : its a fantastic game with a beautiful graphics and atmosphere
arjang ap : it's fun but get repetitive over time. like any other game.
rick palomo : graphics are awesome and gameplay is addicting!
nicole tigress : very good driving and steering and nice graphics .. byeeee
izad md : this isn so hard at all well im a new player i just dont really know how to drive i can drive just a little bit but anyway ghis game is awsome
sami homsi : good game need to add some missions and challenges
ray wall : fun to play, challenging but will get repetitive
sumit prasad : driving mechanics should be more accurate plus more controls
dawid hendrych : very nice graphics and selection of cars!
madan rudra : its amazing, beautiful and very enjoyable. i like this drive very much
anas wibowo : nice game, found bug: photo mode is not working in my device
mohd aftab : the game is very good but i have not understanding the task of drive the rebel buuble for 5 km
nazario flores : it's a good game because it's offline and it's one of the best racing games that i've ever seen
jr c : nice soundtrack during every rides and you can get hooked for hours
broderik craig : difficult controls make this game really frustrating.
colin anker : great :)) a refreshing title to the driving game scene.
michele : good job, very fun game. also love the graphics
azkanio febi : when i first play this game is actually normal.but when play it back its force close i can play it please fix it..
asharath ali : it's different.its the real drifting game with extraordinary climate and roads
iseerainbows __ : i like it alot. my friend saw this and asked what it was called. i responded "#drive" back to playing this game...die. then look back and see what he was doing. he was playing this game !
yunus berk kaynak : i like the artstyle of this game but controlling the car is too hard for me
aj rex : great game, just kind of hard to get new vehicles
evan arias : its a very fun game and has just the right amount of grind element to it
grant brandon koo : what a fun game! easy to control, funtastic!!!
chimith : this game is unbelievably good quality !!! its like the devs actually cared abt this game which is more than i can say abt even some console games lately
hazard : amazing graphics, and a lot of nice cars.
johnney guertin : worth unlocking the ad free game. great casual game.
william rose : pretty simple mechanics, smooth graphics,
gerry barit : is a great game simple control and i know the graphics but its just okay is still a great game
amir ejaz : no acceleration key??? no brakes..thats sucks..atleast add a break button..
robert miller : this game is awesome, can't say enough,until my arm or hands fall asleep and go numb lol,good job guys-cheers
bethebomb8702 wolf : this game is extremely addicting and fun there is like 70 cars so you will have a blast
valentinoakif : super addicting and easy to pick up.
joe uno : just starting out n it's pretty fun minus the ads.
md. rabiul alam hridoy : the controls are horrible. fix it please.
thecarguy123 : good for wen u r bored but gets boring very quickly but still a decent game.
lucas meadows : simplistic controls and tons of fun!
sanan : best game but it could have been even better if they added some more maps overall best game
alice osiemo : it is interesting and amazing it is a wreck but amazing bring another game that is better than this ok i like it and i like the game too
sivadas m.t : very high graphics and controlling all car in the game is super
felix rodriguez,jr. : it's really fun, good mechanic's, good physics.
vishnu kr : nice gameplay, great graphics, great job guys
mairo hassan : i love this game and i think i am a bit of the same thing as a whole other nigerians in my team and i have to make a good decision on how much i want them and what i do is a good thing and they will not be the only thing that the players will be able for a game of football to do the game but i don't know if it was just the right time for a game in a way i would like the game and we are going through this game to win a cup of games in a way i think it's going on and i don't want the same thing
visual lemonade : its not soo bad but keeps freezing and going back to homescreen mid drive
joe schroecker : love it, has controller support now, perfect!
alicia shelton : i think the game is fun but the only thing that is bad is all the ads
jaki :d : really fun driving game, would recomend if you like retro.
maxbeat 123 : it's a good game overall, but i wish you guys could make it for pc
sooraj ns : please add chase cam like normal racing games... would be awesome to drive with that in these beautiful worlds
farshogar vevaina : needs a timer of 3 seconds before the game starts after resuming game from pause menu.
zanity yt : love the graphics, game play is very smooth.
18-298 kristian yordanta : very challenging and fun game,keep it up.
jad khateeb : very nice and interesting game wish if you add more new missions
ekram osman : please add every car has a power up! love the game! $_$
kim madrid : this game is so cool i always play it and i like the graphics pls make more games like this
xymon viktor : good game, graphics is nice. control sucks.
kenny maloney : this is the funniest game i've played in a while, there is absolutely nothing wrong with this game. download and enjoy
marikus jacobs : it's a awesome game love the way of the games graphics great experience also my favorite game
noah kilgore : fun to use. it is a little hard to master the mechanics. but it is fun.
eduardo colin : would be much better with gyroscopic control and in car perspective... cute game
a s virk virk : beautiful game amazing graphics and control . just loved it
mxxie : very cool game. i really like its so simple yet very fun. i recomend for sure.
joris kucinskas : nice graphics fun to play no ads unless it's for a promotion
joseph oxshott : nice game but you can't race , by the way nice graphics
bryan da ponte : easy to pick up, difficult to master - love this game
sandeep sharma : very good games ...just add new maps...from other part of the world...
bouvaneshe jothiram : controls wasn't easy, isn't user friendly
ricky bun : good game but somehow the controls sensitivity is a bit awkward
arun karthick : good gaming experience, minimal controls and nice game play
gottaloverene : the game is very good, the only thing that i would like to mention is that it's kinda hard to learn how to do good at the start
marc munchie : it's a really fun game to play and chalange you're friends who can get the highest score
calvin o'connor : it's fun and is a good time killer, had no issues with it.
draven koenig : pretty fun. definitely helps burn time on long boring days.
neree blaise byiringiro : great but you need more cars why can't you have had motorbikes but it's great awesome
anamo : handling is a bit hard to get used to, but once you do it is really enjoyable.
spaceassasin1 : great game with an original idea and amazing graphics
andy tsou : pretty decent game glad the audio problem is fixed!
nicole k : this game is so fun! glad it's not ruined by too many ads
raymond craig : i like this game but i think you have to put some brakes and controls, i love it
tommy relf : itts a very good game with lots of levels and cars and the best thing good ghraphics
fujiwara_420 : great fun game for car guys to pass the time and everyone else
d b : controls aren't great but overall game looks slick.
thestringingace : love the game. only complaint is that the learning curve is huge.
zer0 : really nice graphics and ui. love it.
faiha rashid : perfect game for timepas , specially for low budget phone recommended
maria chiara grech : very cool, graphics are really nice. doesnt get boring <33
matko raguz : love it. could use some more work on it but great game!
giovanni mauro : simple, good art style, and addicting.
shawn bright : yo, i am loving the graphics. i just downloaded and its not bad so far. will update
mert can yilmaz : this game is amazing. i cant wait the next updates and guys when will you release the new map?
sukhveer grewal : really fun but can get boring if u get stuck on a level
yahya omran : funny and easy going driving game. nice choise of oldschool cars
shauds depression cars : it pretty good lot drift good to training drift to be pro almost same master drift.
farhaan khan : they don't have a good sterring option and it is very difficult to play it the worstest game i have ever seen
chetan dixit : is this editor choice game? not good game .not good controls. it is worst game ever
abhilash reddy : control are little too smooth.. but helod u t concentrate... simple & good game
lucas douglas : good game to take up time, pretty challenging as well
ballisticmissl : a bit simple but an incredible depth of quality
fogbound 4 : this game is great sadly on my samsung galaxy s9 it keeps crashing so i cant play it anymore
nicolas whieldon : just started playing but it has a lot of detail and is a lot of fun so far
mikewaslucky : its a fun game, graphics are really good.
souvik sikdar : it fun to play .. the graphics are good easy to understand
chris deeb : a racing app for a phone that's not trying to be a racing game for an xbox
ephan : difficult at first yet fun and is continuing to grow on me
mpilo ndaba : the game is good, it doesn't need a good quality phone, and it plays good
jairo sanchez : fun to burn time and cool style on their cars.
curtis clawson7 : good driving game, but it could use better controls
sumit rawat : very good game i like it but add some different type of missions
gary lang jr : paid to remove ads but game is not fun, should have tested it first
lukman nurjaman : a very good driving game. it's a very good game to spend a free time.
priyanka changmai : i love this game. you can get a high score in this game, but don't crash into something! be careful. it will be good.
murthy nalla : super game. this game is very nice,i like the cars and the places.
adn 9 : what's not to like it ! graphics goood , quality goood, i love it
dumb&dumber productions : well i love how many cars there are in this game but the steering is to fast
jason : just rating in the hopes of a free car. pretty good
livano yudistira : great game to enjoy in free time to pass by the boredom.
nishaanth karthikeyan : it's a nice it's a nice time pass game but only thing that is it is very hard to control
ebrahim bounaija : work more on the controls ... everything else is perfect
tucker belton : really fun, but the ads when you die are kinda long
suseel konda : so hard to even play for a minute. its always crashing.
moh3 : i love this game first i tink its hard and i right becuse this control is very hard.
penney sahanatien : very fun tricky to control but i got the hang of it in no time!!!
hilman rizki : cant open the apps using midrange phone to highend phones!!
abhiram sasikumar : its good...i think for control accelerometer should also be included... that's my opinion
giota kokkova : the best game ever!!!! nice music and lots of maps cars nice
drfreak zone : nice concept. but i would like if the cars weren't so expensive
alexandru ene : unskipable 30 second ads between rounds.
lisnato tisto : game is very fun! there is just some ads.
sammy sr : pretty good but the steering is either too slippy or too firm
viswanath praveen garimella : hard to control the car, which makes it less fun.
rubthisone : love the graphics and controls work good.
lord frieza : i love the art style and the car selection is great
mahender mahe : decrease the amount of damage taken by car each time when hits something
a google user : it's a nice game a bit difficult but it's fun and easy to learn
carlos brito : very fun, polished and beautiful. highly recommended.
henrique melo : cool game. simple gameplay, nice art style.
mc akali : it's great but maybe can add the bmw m3 gtr from need for speed most wanted
mason maloy : awesome aesthetic, feels and sounds like a 70s cop chase movie.
mikey anthony : pretty fun just hard to control but i think i might get the hang of it
dilli babu : wonderful game you can add new location. i love it
riley joslyn : ads and have to grind a lot to get cars and upgrades
william holliman : it just opens and then in a few seconds freezes
souhail rh : fun, the cars are cool,the graphics are good
danish raza : its a really good game and its graphics are really good
karam thaer : real fun, nice graphics, controls are fine
santhosh cruzier : i bet if u play this game ur addicted... superb game and graphics also superb..
matthew ivanov : amazing game! good graphics and yhe gameplay is very addictive!
syahirawani shuib : this game was very very challenging in the beginning but i am enjoy it.
andrew poulter : addictive! makes it an 'actual' challenge than most games!
dipak dalvi : good and fun game... i'll recommend it to thoes who wants to play for just some minutes like in lunch break or something...
shawn-anthony morland : its a real fun game. its different to, its not like the other ones
j s : typical game good game, good graphics but simple.
haziq groenan : im so satisfied playing this games also easy to control and easy to play
olly_mark42 : game is really fun just need to remover traffic completely from zen mode
inka iskandar : it's great game, good graphic, addictive and fun! :d
abdul malik : not recomended. much ads. hard to control
shilajeet sengupta : the retro theme is the key of fun in this game. love.
sohaib winner : its been a long time since i played a good racing game. this is the best game i played in a very long time
aaron richards : fun game thats adding options and levels to keep it entertaining
dony sebastian : one of the best endless driving games. good job.
harish kumar : really good game with decent and consistent graphics
iohanan metellus : it's simple and addictive, and will run smoothly
making memories : alright for ten minutes then gets boring. overpriced cars as per
josh amey : great grafics and game play not that many ads which is nice overall realy nice game
peter stromboli : its pretty good... the intro theme is a thing of beauty
ritu lulla : very nice game if you are bored. the only problem is there is no race.
raj dutta : nice endless running game....very nice retro type graphics.
youguang yi : thanks for the updated vehicles and new map.
zackeldelinquent : good game and great time waster, love the movie vehicles!
ajin p joseph : had a ton od fun playing this game. such a beautiful and relaxing game to play.
jeffrey : tremendous game, difficult, fun to play. hits all my marks
luke jacobs : great game, just wish there were maybe hills and jumps.
treerexaudi official : had no idea this game existed, after taking the time to try it out i was wondering how i hadn't run across it sooner!
damian widelski : fun game, good controls and satisfying to do good in
vic studios : much funner than i thought and the artstyle and graphics looks good
eli : i like it but make it a little easier to unlock cars plz :p
lak mx : wooow... stunning game with pixel style graphics...love it .
josh smith : i've only been playing a little while but it seems pretty fun. i like the style.
vincent myslowitz : very good game, all sounds and cars, it's beautiful
joseph andres : it's a really fun game with minimal ads.
onelastshot : it's a fun game, the cars are a little unwieldy, but it's fun.
12 of monkey's : hurmmm...for me is the best game to play the bad is i hope they update the way we can change from postcard to bottle caps
s ks : great game, but stop the popup ads spoil the fun
eddin houssem : game for nostalgia, good graphics and sound effects
ali 360 : the controls are too sensitive and you can't change them
logeshwaran l : this is an nice relaxing game not like other car games this is totally different.....
necko howe : the control is kinda hard to get use to but it's a pretty fun game
carlo habla : the graphics is good but it's hard to control
paul jenkin : fun game u can just pick up and play not to many ads either
chinmay panse : if you get addicted to awesome stuff easily, beware.
brian lee : quick fun that you can jump in or out of at any time.
eamonn cowan : a good ofline game good for kicking back wherever you are.( i'm on a boat while writing this. )
subhopriyo mondal : graphics is awesome..so many cars and maps..good job guys
lucas negreiros gurgel : great game! very good sound and graphics.
tarun mavuru : have a breaking system for the car in the game it would be more fun
matthew hodges : fun game, beautiful graphics, a little repetitive
taylor : i really liked this game. it's charming, is funny, and most importantly, it's fun. really fun.
beegyoshiyoshi : cool game i love the driving experience. keep up the good work.
vietnam warrior : really good i give it a 5 stars cause theres few ads and yeah pretty pretty fun
alexander campbell : it's actually a solid game, loving the graphics too
ally bravo : can't control speed doesnt always brake for you ads every time you crash
kiwimay : too many ads. kept telling me to rate it, so i did
shadowguard whiplash : this is great 3 dimension game, i obtained this game in my device in long time ago.
charles mcclain : this game is cool! great job on the graphics.
ahmed hammoda : i tolaly liked it you can see everything is hd but it's on mobile so cool and weird yes?
cashton darlich : the game is basic but cars are kinda expensive.
jethro elegido : only thing i don't like are the unskippable ads.
akram nidae : nice game ! can you add a close car view opsion please thank you !
ramin sakhi : you do not have good control of the car and it does not have good handling at all
jekabs janis kalnins : crashes on privacy policy screen and can't go further
div : godd graphics easy to play nice concept (time pass)
miki dillon : good game but the sound is messed up after the first ad
javad momivand : fantastic its a game with tiny graphic and charming gameplay i realy suggest it
zed : great game great graphics great locations great gameplay.
shifana salam : it's a nice and simple game and very good to be played when your bored
fortune lukemark : it's a great game
brendon camons : fun game but the driving mechanics are a bit strange
anshu bhagat : its all are great gameplay , graphis ,control are amazing super game i like it
mtd _legend : best driving game ever great quality and game play and i would highly recommended this game for everyone
prince khan. : perfect game dude. please make a open world game like gta with this graphics...
messi666 : need some work on the controls and the sensitivity...
paul azhighlife : great great great.... im am soo satisfied the graphics n feel of the game is great such a simple game yet sooo freaking fun
austin : controls have a learning curve to be good with
amelia pacheco : really addictive and awesome game to play when bored. love it.
precision performance : it's not bad... more in game info on things such as power ups would be nice.
gilbert l. sucatan : very challenging game i hope you to fix some problems. thank you
colter james calvetti : good fun, simple controls with vehicles i recognize
bill salema : can you please tilt to the controls basically its a wonderful game
tomas kuca : amazing controls, so many cars to choose from, doesn't spam you with ads, entertaining and can be played offline. what more could you want.
fatima taweel : it's a nice game really fun to good graphics good game play everything is good about it.
siddharth mandal : graphic is really good but did not find anything special about it
ujwal ghude : graphics are cool handling is slightly difficult but i like this game
houssam pharaon : it is a very fun game, please add checkpoints.
brightmilk7 : no lag, dosnt crash, lots of cars,pretty cool game
tucker sautter : great graphics! unusual style but i love it!
rev. joel ashirwadam j w : good game, but a lot of inappropriate ads are coming
simeon boychev : the game was really great and i enjoyed it very very much. i'ts quite hard.
anup arafat : nice game.make the control littlebit easy and add more tracks.
pratama mp : great game!.controlling and graphic is awesome
philip shearer : took too long to get used to the control sensitivity
be ans. : played the game when it was first released but when i played it again all my progress from before was lost
jackie kendell : fun, easy controls. throwing doughnuts at cops that are trailing you, so they'll beat it? nice. perfect 4 that i got 10 min to kill i gotta c how far i can get
helios shuto lover : i think this is one of the best game that can shock you down when you play this. btw, @pixel perfect dude can you add a skyline r32 gt-r ? since it begin production in 1989
neetunisha chaurasiya : i realy love the game because there are many cars vans and etc to try.
t. baugh : this is unique down to the details.. really enjoyable game.
jemuel olarte : over all the game is good. hope you guys could add some events in the game.
colin dupont : fun controls took some time to get used to though
imran khann : need some improvements on the controls.
silver_ninetails : lovely game, easy to just pick up and play!
someshwar roychowdhury : best minimal gameplay with cool graphics. totally love it
chase : you can play for a few minutes then set it down. super fun!
richard gregory : love it! super simple game, very nice visuals!
haridas sawant : it's a good and addictive game like to play on high graphics though
scott chryt : ads are pain but it's a pretty good free game!
runako christian : i love the voice acting and the variety of cars
lucky days : such an wonderful game man..... even ur title..... car.... and garage car.... of motion effects.... are amazing..... try to convert this...vr ...anf more love you guys i'm waiting for game from ur studios
shinto thomas : add aa break control for the game..... because the speed control is must for the smooth play
barasa simiyu : ok but should put more camera modes and faster waus to make money
shubham singh : awesome time killer! just improve the vehicle braking plz!
ray s : great game. feels refreshing with all the junk on the app store
frevy balmores : great game with great graphics and fun gameplay.
oc2 - jai : this game is a bit different than other driving games and is very fun!!
abbasgo339 : very good 10/10 this game has endless fun and i use the controller so its easier very good game i recommend downloading it
oscar hill : great game good graphics plenty of cars , would recommend
anurag tyagi : they need to make some new highways or may say more interesting stages.
mykolas biel : good game awesome graphics good gameplay everything you need!
sohil jami : after update this game its crash and not working on my device please fix this
lina patra : perfect game but try to reduce the cost of cat in the the game
boris _ : controls are great, fun dialog and cool cars
daniel baker : the one an only!!! no other can compare. this is the best app out there!!!!!!!
optimus prime : is nice thank for play store
mchoumous : really good, with lots of content for a mobile game
saidarnahid 12 : nice graphics.but controls are so weak.so you get just accident.
jackson davis : really fun like to see more cars n little better controls
william sison : i wish the graphics could be a little better but all in all it's a good game
hafiza akther : good game, it 5 star, i just giving 4 star cause i need a option which will allow me to change view
saksham _ : it should also include driver's pov... that would be awesome.
john paul decuir : game,is fun. car go road fast no crash!
bhimexkryt : this game is one of the best that i've ever played i always loved 70s cars then i found this it's just great
zane brook : fun game, cool graphics. cool car selection.
odedun izibenua : amazing game,really fun but i think you should make the road wider
emerison villarreal : good game the controls are good and i like the graphics
a google user : ok great start like the game having some point. issues controls or control options next is making cash a bit easier and overall other things aint bad keep it up
thing 1 thing 2 : this game is really fun but i wish you could test drive cars you don't have
joshua chong : enjoyed this game
amin boutarfi : love this game! the whole game play experience is just perfect.
snowy furbinn : great game though it could use some more things regarding gameplay.
yashwanth achu : excellent but need more graphic and adventuremap and object
teresa barraza : nice game...wasn't expecting to enjoy this as much as i am. download this and have fun.
mohanad : this game is the best it helped me to relax and focus. big thaaaanks
gopala krishna : there are no brakes and the controls are bad
vshea williams : fun to play but controls made a little too lose
richie rich : been playing 10 minutes ok so far but too early to leave a proper review.
magazi philani : the game is pretty impressive i personally would love to try more of this type of game
tristan penman : fun game trying to get further along the road each time
u. praveen : its awesome and the graphics is the most important of the game and i liked it
nick valine : looked fun, ads after every game though. just not for me
michael ottway : very fun game, with some excellent design
eric sysak : fun, but much too steep of a learning curve
kho jee : nice game great to play when your bored tho, love the graphics man!
mnqobi mln ntshali : a tilt control will do justice to this game....otherwise i can't stand it.
mieka-iel slamong : awsum game good graphx no lag just a brilliant little time passing device love it
2 head : its fun is a good game and additional text in the background is funny
salim sadman : offline game. no adv. good enough and satisfying!
joshua khannoo : bro this game is one of the best it's better than forza horizon been up the good work
navneet mishra : the best game if you are bored
yogesh jambunathan kannan : very excellent game with good graphics.
nungshilemla imchen : this game is nice the drver even talks and the cars and its really fun
zachary panzica : great game, good level design, clean graphics
caleb s : it's really fun but there are gite a few ads.
dhanwin mr 7a : can please include multyplayer mode because this game is awesome than i think
cabdirasaaq cismaan : this game is vary nace
welshshippy : simple short lived fun, good for killing 15 minute gaps in your day.
peter lee : very well done. favorite car is the 86!
alan russell : absolutely rubbish. it's more ads than game time
reuben pritchard : very fun game you can mostly do everything this is addicting but cool
duck pump : pretty cool dont really like the ads but you gotta get that bag
andy barfoot : bit boring and difficult to steer braking is a bit of an anomaly
lol lol : its really good graphics and music and cars
mikky ngozi : no tilt in the controls and also having limited brakes
andy febrico bintoro : it's hard to master and the intrusive ads were annoying
dieter herbst : awesome game! good graphics i like how you throw the donut at the cops!!
daniel gonzalez : so addictive, and rare to find a game sk rewarding without having to pay a buck
terry : great game..greatly frustrating way to pass time..
arithmath : the only thing which is left in this game, is adding sensor simulation to it.
ethan gonzales : good for passing time, good selection of cars
keegan b : fun game takes a bit to get used to the controls.
amin hamidi : weird controls and camera is locked on the car so it makes it even weirder
shelton moyo : its an addiction game u wont get tired of it if they make #drive 2 ill be the first one to download
abhishek sharma : brilliant gameplay. nice cars to drive.
jax hicks : love the game but needs better controls like maybe a wheel
potato pc : very addictive game and the music is good too with the atmosphere in the game
logibear s : pretty fun and the controls are simple
pravin vasava : game is good but.. car move with phone rotate is batter than this...make it please...
felix den : amazing graphics, really fun and addictive game
motiejus mekionis : cool game love it would give it a 4startnot a 5star because it's so hard lmao but i give it a 3star game cause it gets boring in 2days
rodolfo cortijo : game is cool but trows way too many video ads.
greengameplayer : stunning graphics. a great selection of cars.
phuc binh : have played this game for ages and no ads (i think) make the game more enjoyable
sourilegend tll : awesome game !!! the controls are hard tho.
navdeep anonymous : game is good but there lot of bug which you need to fix it
notyourdude360 : it's so detailed,but it's challenging which makes it so much better.
james hamilton : it's a great driving game..
daniel lesho : the game is great the only thing i would add is a 1957 chevy bellair
tristan elford : cool game. love graphics it what makes the game itself.
zach clinton : super fun game i love it i just wish everything wasn't so expensive or money came just a tad easier
ravijayxix : nothing bad, everything works just fine... but you need some time to practise and then you're good to go
techgamerboy : love this game, love the simple graphic too.
alan bowdley : good game it would be beteer if you had a better way of geting money like a dayley reward or a spinning wheel thing to have a chance of winnibg post cards donuts and cars
luke robertson : its great so far. i would like to see some more roads though.
luis fernando : fun game with simple but nice graphics.
chris badman : kinda fun. seems like it'll be another grindfest. will probably uninstall soon.
hassan dehganpour : great but the steering system is a little uneasy
mohammad kalantari : very nice and cool game and i hope to see the game expand and improve every day!
rowdy egger : this is a great game, it's a little difficult at first but trust me you'll have a lot of fun playing it
frn cis : this game is crazy cool i love the screen work and don't worry guys it's not an online game
haren poovaiah : elegant graphics and mastered controls with a friendly voice.
prateek sarwan : one of the most innovative car racing games. i love it!!
ven xoxo : fun, especially if your into forza and those types of games!
vsp : nice , good cars, good maps ,loved it!
hirzi i.p.e : very nice game , but buying sport car is very expensive i dont like that
atungbi asanji : the game is a whole differnt level it taks gaming to a whole new level
mukhlash fadhil nur : amazing, the game will be more interesting with multiplayer mode *v*)
alex setiawan : nice graphic, good control, easy to play...
ghanashyam : this nice and it is also offline so....and its graphic is good
ayusuman paikray : charming graphics and easy game play .
revo : love this game. regular update from the amazing developer. 10/10. love it!
david herrmann : haven't played too much yet, but seems quite excellent. could become one of my favs!
shiven sharma : amazing game!!! it's graphics are absolutely phenomenal
myles hodge : super clean game great way to waste a few minutes
nikhil udupa : highly addictive. i've lost track of time playing it.
pixelfish ro : doesn't let you play, and the controls are really bad
sterling hebert : easy game to pass time with and ads aren't too much
r g : game is nice but controls have terrible input lags.
alexandru boboc : a really nice arcade game to play when you are bored. ;)
andre rasyid yusuf yamin : good old kinda like grafik thing just addicting if u really want to buy your fav car
aleksandar plemic : back button disabled during ad videos. very poor decision
james olena : great driving game with not a rediculous amount of adds thanks for that!
ronaldinho vallin : is a great game actually and its pretty impressive the graphics ;)
oliver woodward : really good i would prefer the camera to be closer while driving
ryan jelinek : lots of cars, nice progression pace.
cameron greenwalt : you can drift drive and get gas and be chased by poilce i don't like to crash because it's to hard to drive in the little road because there is a lot of cars on that road it's hard to get to the lacation it is really far away
taran evans-moran : its okay, currency is surprisingly easy to get
matthew wakeling : when i withdraw consent for the use of my personal data, the game doesn't work. please fix.
jayden ortiz : very good game good graphics just one catch you.levevl up slow
michael onyango : not gonna lie this game is fire no cap i've never seen a good game like this good grhafix but the controls are kinda disappointing
tuberd : real fun when ur at school on bus or at work or jumping in lava or burning to death or even walking in traffic this games amazing can play anywhere so easy how far can u go?
papai karmakar : just a casual game. but you would love this. it lets you feel relaxed.
arian pramadi : nice graphic, but it will be great if have some ramp for jump
haxxnain_ rajput : having good features good views good graphics....
morgan koch : really fun good graphics and physics.
asad ullah chuhan : amazing game with beautiful grafics and roots but you must add more tracks.
jarryd ensbey : just got it its really good but some of the controls are weird to me but its a really good game
the pahari guy : never seen such graphics,,, yet,, love the commentator and its ui ux experience
just tine : i love this game its so cool but can you add drift mood and there are high way
mr. pink : good control and easy to grasp understanding of the control
james van allen : fun. simple. addictive. brings back retro memories.
chaithanya2939 2939 : i love this game but there should be something like daily bonus and free ride
daniel borquez : forced to watch 30 seconds ads every 3 minutes.
aman : very addictive.....yet more maps and cars should be added
joakin acosta : great controls, good voice acting, beautiful cars
kim kiziah : it's a great game get the game there's free rome it's kinda boring but overall it's a good game
photosky : the steering and controls are very bad
alvin tatum : ads to long, but the game is good.
abdulqadeer afridi : game are good but the car control so bad.
ulltra hard games : perfect game, dont try make anything boring ore unusual...deserve a chance
simo m : way too much grinding. i got bored before i was even close to get a new vehicle or new environment
pub tuber : yes it is a good game, if you like endless driving games this is for you
satisfiedroom39 : honestly, pretty fun. simple and easy
kyle routson : this is a fun endless scroller with cool graphics.
pruthvi m : omg it's abstract type cartoonish cars omg it's sooo cool with the voice bellow saying stuff dude awsome u guys should try it out
om prakash yaadav : good graphics and its fun to play. enjoyed so far
brian onstott : it's great overall well i don't like that there's ads
omid t : the 10 second drift challenge has bug and for me stuck on 9.9s :/ pls fix it
bill m. : simple but fun, good way to pass the time
daniel feakes : love this game you can drive as far as you want and can get loads of cars
andre lay : the controller man, its hard to maintaining the controller
yacookieboi : this game is so nice i can't believe i have missed it ! i recommend it to everyone who is looking for a relaxing and fun game .
john blake : it's cool and all but gets boring after some time.
rafay rafay : this app is so amazaing app and its ghraphic,s are very different for other racing games . iam so impressed for this game
dionicio thomas : this has good controls good graphics it a little bit funny to
ali bagheri : its a good game but i think the controls can get better
aileen billones : the cars are so expenxive i hate this lower the price of cars :(
hopey ramohlale : its cool...i love the drivers lines and his voice just brings out the game
zeatnest : it's a great relaxing game.
abhijit dutta : good game but controlling is little bit hard.
steffin : very very annoying ads all the time.
simmo 01 : it hard to play on a phone but otherwise it a great game.
mami rajaonarivelo : control take a little time to get used too, but the game is good.
aiman kewcik : fun for learning driving , to alert where the gas station
dinkbiner : i enjoy the game quite a bit, but it seems the audio is completely bugged for me?
arun shanker : i love this game.. awsm graphics, cool cars....and roads ....
chetas ranka : this game is great but should have added more maps and cars
manisha todmal : it is so nice but it should have a new camera settings and it is outstanding
michael prado : pretty fun ads aren't i intrusive art style is pleasant
chaos20 : i like the driving of the game and the motion movement in the garage
julio gabriel tellechea arvizu : this game is very entertaining, well designed and challenging
jack blade : its a good game but it would be funny if u add a refence on it like when u reach nowhere could u make that theres a house outside the road on the middle of the sand in the distance then theres courage the cowardly dog waving at u
betis : great game! you should add polonez or maybe it's rally version also polish map, since this game is polish :d
troy dunahee : the game sucks the cars turn tooo dramaticly and the car is toooooooo weak and the levels are toooooooooooooooo hard
elizabeth agbeyisanni : the developers of the game need to add cars that already exist e.g.(nissan, toyota, mazda, mitsubishi etc)
a man called ray : great game! very fun and challenging! highly recommend!
scott mckinney : fun way to waste time but steering effects are weird
mohd zahid : such a very interesting game i play this many times
lee taningco : great game! love the graphics and the gampley runs smoothly
nielie's tales : its a good game. but i think the game should have sensor control
kieran barker : really food concept, nice job , it has good game feel to it
phantomfox : really good game but the ads are too much for me
enskovy : >no annoying ads >runs well >well structured mechanics that's a 10 in my book
tcc lysol wipe : there are no ads but some ads will show up and its fun
c, c & o productions : its a fun endless driving game but the controlls are kind of bad
rico arrindell : fun but i don't like the floaty controls.
philip young : don't wast your time ads popping up mid race from the 1st race and every race too invasive with privacy, deleted!
gaming king erik yt : i love this app so much
bulbulle : it would be cool to get the 2x caps when you are offline.
tushar yadav : simple to play and love those graphics....
sakda preudtiwatdhana : i enjoy this fame so much. however, the control is a bit hard.
beth roetheli : it's an amazing game it's super fun and it is an amazing game to play when your board get game it's funnnnnnnnnnnnnn
tater watson : pretty good but the controls are a little spotty
ader saba : nice graphics and good controls 5/5 stars no bugs
seegel cg alz : great but need more maps and missions..............,
syazwan haffiz : this is a cool game nice concept and graphic design
random interests : simple and addictive. great game to kill time
hytrex - : best poly graphics i've seen. its one of my favorite mobile games.
thatanoyingnoob : very good graphics and gameplay.
bhuminjay markam : a nice racing game with better graphics..
east side : easy concept hard to master but fun to play!
tanish bhalerao : very addictive and i might say simple but very nice gameplay....
elie aboud : best game really good graphics and machines.
armin mortezaee : this game is fascinating. you can feel existing while playing this game. i recommend you play this game surely.
om kapoor : controls are a bit difficult otherwise it is fine
khairell arieell : i think this game is good but make sure that change that big donut throw at police it not make any sense .
sipho : i had a saved game on my game center and i deleted the game and when i redownloaded all my data was gone.
arjomanara dinar : this game is awesome.play it.it's graphics really good.much cars.thanks for this game.2
elijah neely : little frame drop at times but over pretty smooth
radha garg : the worst experience ever there are no controls in the game when i installed the app on my device
vishwajeet pilania : nice game but you should include some stunts also like loop or a london bridge
poofy : super challenging and fun at the same time
nick moriarty : i love this game fun game to play when you're bored or when there's no one around but you and your phone!!!
stevan vicentic : a fun and quirky game with a unique car selection
chetan shinde : very basic game not god for eyes graphics need to be improved
josue morales : super fun game, highly recommended to play during down time
inetsol sarah : the controls, every thing is a difficult
gabe neff : pretty fun, haven't had any problems and have been playing for a while
kevin real : great game, great to kill some spare time.
tensa zhangets : very cool!!im excited for this gme,control is perfect,graphic too
ramadha s.n.s : great graphic design simple and entertaining me!
alberto vargas : awsome game. maybe more tracks in the future?
anitaa banerjee : nice app but improvise the steering stability more.
elsa oliveros : hard to control and brake is not working.
adithyan sreelal : yeah pixel perfect dude great game but add more tracks also please
nihal ahmed : great game but quite hard to get coins ................
kyllo marvel : great graphics and amazing cars.
clover! : best game i ever played. and thw cops do need to like hit your side of the cat tho but its a good game!
jeena thomas : totaly awsome the graphics and all are super hit cool
prerit creed : experience like iam driving the car . awesome gameplay fabulous amazing
immanuel mbwale : very awesome game ,good graphics and best cars
nicewolf 04 : i think it's a very fun game and the dialogue is funny to
mohammad hawi : its simple ,soft and nice .
reiven nunag : this game is so satisfying when my friend recommended it to me and install it i'm expecting a boring game but it's not
mohamad harith roslan : very smooth game and fun but its to hard to play but i still enjoying this game
lego boba fett : very good mechanics with simple controls
eugenia malonzo : epic gameplay love ot pls add more cars and put a camera mode back of the car
raghav kumar : this game is amazing i never played this much best game in my life the graphics also amazing means amazing
arash moshtagh : very very rubbish game. bad control and bad contents... i vaste my data
david venzke : simple and lovely,easy to control game
call me pockets : bad experience didn't liked the controls neither the gameplay
obabolu : it is actually better than the images and addictive when playing
prathamesh patil : nice game with good graphics and smooth gameplay
ms.10 : fun indie game but make animations faster so u can start game again quicker
shivam maurya : to hard to play and your intrest will lost after few hours.
daniel szyska : really love this game. runs really smooth. great throwback vibe.
stephen hill : its soo fun and the cars are soo cool good job developers
lord monkton : simple fun game, just drive and try not to crash
afiq hafize : this game is best but keep on going on the graphics on the game....anyway like it 5 star
bling playz : the game is great but can yall make it compattible with chroombooks that would be awsome 5 star
wildport -_- : the controls are bad do not download unless you want to have a bad time
i don't know : very good graphics and smooth running.
ganesan p : good game to play. the controls is little hard
anoy sikder : i really love this game its very unique way to play actually im really looking for this type of game thanks to create like this
ananda krishnan : u could improve by addinggood controls and better racing exo
faris hadri : not good. fix controller sensitivity.
ricardo diaz : wait only yu can play endless thats not bad rate this 5 stars this is awesome!
winston stubblefield : these graphics are incredible can you add new cars
david badalyan : this is one of my favorite mobile games. great for a few minutes or a few hours.
boiyea 76 : fun it was so fun to start and have a good driving game
battlefield fighter : this game is just great it will keep you ocupied during the quarentene #1 in america for me
konstantin : great casual arcade racing game, with beautiful grafics
jlucas ms : amazing graphics nice sound excelent car models excelent environment amazing gameplay a 5 stars game!
anzy anzy : wow this is an awesome game i have ever seen.good controls.you have done a very good job
john mcinnis : pretty good so far... just got the update, brakes should make it way better. i'm kinda excited to go try it
gamerdre55 : i love its but add sport car and more map but its a good game
babal sekhon : its awesome game with realestic fealing but it is little bit harder to play
mohammed fadil : brilliant gameplay the graphics is just superb!
lela bright : this is a great game and its offline too plus it's pretty entertaining
warp edits : it's really good and addicting :d
nikola kotarenov : great retro graphics, overall good game.
kevin marston : it's a great game but the controls is a bit too much i guess
jon anderson : terrible control, forced ads. no thanks.
stephen barbieri : great little game just a few too many ads
thulana connor : really great but i think new tracks must be added.
rio vlogs : this is a really good game i like it i like how many cars there i like and i really like levels are i'm still on dry crumbs
lo bo : it's awesome. but one thing is that the sensitivity is a little high.
john neal : fun driving game and i am not good at them but its fun.
atul tiwari : limited ways to control your car, that too are bit slow
danny kurniawan : this game is so cool even the starter car looks cool!!!!
zigg : ads that pop every minute is unbearable.
hamed habibi : fantastic game just bring more features and better control
a google user : i like this game but it is very annoying when you crash.
szabolcs : boring, annoying, full of ads.
ben gates : great little game and not too many ads
s2b-102 tejas shinde : low battery, battery problem,and virus transmitted
v : not bad. controls aren't bad but ain't perfect.
wan darwish : this game is great but pls add more jdm cars and track
seth lazaga : it's so addictive and has a nice graphics and allllll thankkk youuu!!!give me the car mweheheheheheheheh
gamingpro's : its good to many ads the controls kinda suck though
muhammad abiyyu dzaky : great and simple game. need camera view option
sd : hard to handle make the path way out the petrolpump longer
alex dominguez : great game really fun but can u add a reset sensetivity button
tinotenda cyril : i love this game it is like driveng a real car
redt lynx : a simple game with awesome graphic design
joshua belanger : fun game, nice way to pass a little free time
ziphezinhle ziphozonke : love the simplicity and the stylistic graphics
therobotaku : great aesthetic and feel, totally worth trying out!
awwal adeola : the controls are ok but laking please not all of is are drifters
dylan van wyk : what a lovely game. takes a while to get used to but when you do its loads of fun
rey nell cajeben : its a good game but im not happy with the car price its to high
totallygeekdom ryan : repetitive just an infinite runner but with cars.
jordan humphrey : it is fun and hard so if you want a challenge here you go
jona san : nice graphic!! annoying ads!!
baldeb shaw : nice... keep up the good work ... and add more worlds..
trentonomore : perfect. seriously such a great game to waste some time!
toan nguyen huy : one of the best relaxing game you could find, highly recommend
chhering wangial : really the best time killing game i love it the controls and all
sakuyamain : very nice game, the eight six (hachi tofu in game ) is a very nice bonus.
hristo chervenkov : the game is good i like it but i think you need to add max fast cars
arvink 21 : amazing game to play when you're bored well done you've made people like me satisfied. thank you.
sn1per : very fun game to play to pass the game or just something to relax too.
leo leo : its a great game, really great graphics !
harrache halim : nice game, but i wish the controls were not so challenging
yole mccoy : very good graphics and nice collection of cars
indiphile dladla : this game is really epic, relaxing and a great experience.
ethan wilkinson : it is good but it is hard to drive and the cars are so expesive
meedu nour : it's a great game to pass time.
david kline : terrible controls. boring. uninstalled.
indranil chatterjee : incredible game keep update and add new location map please
theofilus hesa nugraha : best way to spending your time on toilet. great, i like it hahaa...
cherlan : it's soo addicting..i can't stop playing..my mind is telling me nooooo but my body! my body is telling me yeah!!
jawad mehmood : i loved it....but level reward should be a bit more.
akampulira alex : bad controls and make it manually accelerated not auto
chris smith : love it but can only manage maybe 10fps on galaxy s8+.
savi thanu : it is awsome game but the controlling of the game and the first level is too touf
music .exe. : very good time passing game once i played it it was totally awesome..like it..
matt sklar : fun game. easy to learn, difficult to master.
chris : the controls only work half of the time
adrian gil : is fun, perfect for times when i don't have internet.
preston hammond : great game, i really like the fact that i could just #drive away. forever.
ferrari a : great game can you add some classic cars like skyline gtr or honda ek or even ford esvort cos worth please
pablo giusti : a great mix of fun and challenging, recommended!
venmar lugo : the game has crashes and bugging please fix this.
rani shiyam : its prety good with its graphics and everything a game should have
mr greenbaggz : cool game. reminds me of hard driving the arcade game
adarsh chellamuthu : awesome game and can be played by everyone stunning works and amazing designs lovable game for racing gamers and simulating gamers
houseofpain ministers danny diehard : yall let us opt out of u collecting my info but then i cant play the game ,gtfoh yall want yo much iformation and we are suppose to believe its for our gameplaying experience gtfoh thats the main reason why i love moding games. yall nosy and greddy
wing hong leung : great game love the graphics and photo mode.
john kamau : it's an awesome game and the graphics are also awesome
muhammad irfan : i pass thru the caps in the middle of the road,, but i got no caps at all,, just literally pass thru like nothing there
brennan grant : it is very relaxing but did get a bit tiring over time
jyle joseph vanzuela : its just like initial d! and also the controls arent hard
raja babu : don't download it, it's f***ing addictive , awesome man , legendary.
a google user : controls are hard and car cost is too high
harshiv patel : well polished one ! even on my old e700h, this runs w/o much lags.
reece hatcher : its a simple fun driving game with nice graphics
hunter tyloch : fun and all around enjoyable few ads as well
kahlon : very good graphics and a good time pass game i loved it
artur stolle : very addictiv game but the controls are a bit hard
mbongwa spere : worst game ever!!!!!! the control are really bad,it deosnt even deserve a star,im doing it a favor by giving it 1 star. the makers of this game suppose to be fired
s.mahdi shamszadehalavi : i like the voiceover but the break system is wacky but hey , its good overall
mike justin : a bit repetitive but pretty good to waste some time
r n singh thakur : fantastic game with high quality graphics
arturs sala : it's really fun to play and the guy who talks is funny
_elias villegas_ : (not a robot) tbh this game is actully good i like the the car there so sick the car you start with its pretty good
bread weat : pretty good game maybe add more cars like the mail box
nate steezy : so far a smooth game relativley easy to colloect vehicles well desined great graphics
tumescenteagle _ : unlike other games it only plays ads when you die sometimes
satya vachan : concept is good but.. sluggish controls.
some andriod : crash just after select race. samsung s3.
da hood hacker : make more map but with more curves and intersection
dinushan gerard thavakumar : it's a really nice game with superb graphics!!!!!!!
jaya soorya : time passer game....i finished the game very fast.....sooperb game .....controls are hard at first and very easy later...
arbatu bata : looks easy but actually not. good time waster.
kar99 gaming : great game but add multiplayer mode and please add fpp please please
kristoper samarita : a great game.with drift it looks like a solo race.
dima kr : would rate 5 stars if there were more places in this game to drive through
muhammad haziq : this is so challenging and so fun to play, in fact, it is addicting!!
hon bowlo : really like the game, has alot of potential.
sangeerth subodh : its a nice game to play little bit control problem for the game
ari neal-dickerson : this is amazing. i believe that this is one of the best graphics i've seen on this type of game.
/./ : smooth from nice new engine. not much save so focus no mistake
phoenix_lord : need to work on handling. otherwise i love it
bandile mthimkhulu : awesome graphics i like it old school , great rides its an awesome game its dope
santosh sawardekar : it would be more easy if tilt mode is added
ezra mann-thompson : a fun and intuitive mobile racing game
howler hero : needs controller support in my opinion great idea though
aditya n : nice car game but i think its to intense rather than relaxing
richard frillman : awesome game to play when your bored. super fun too.
lil kobs : it's literally what i searched a game offline with challenge and no annoying
john deitz : its a nice game to play when your bored and need something quick to do
bataling : very good game and can keep playing it for hours on end
ankit dutta : awesome just awesome car racing game best offline entertainer of all time
taha elixer : loved it. awesome game with good graphics.
kavuma peter : its a good game but i give it 3 stars because of the limited controls
gokula kannan : i feel handling is very different from other games,but fun though
the five : nice graphics and decent gameplay.
iti debnath : crashes on starting the game after update please fix it
meme forgo : game was fun but got repetitive after a while.
ehsan mehdizadeh : very hard to control the car. i just suffer...
thant zin : very fun game with lots of cars to choose
krestade : nice overall gameplay and graphics.
karl michael l. frio : the game is awesome add more map and more cars
clarke brothers : love the game! its so addictive tha my brother couldnt stop playing it!
tan me : this is a endless driving game, so don't complain there is no end. this make a time killer too.
alex hardwick : great game but it kept draining my phone battery all the time.
kz3n : love it and i hope to see more cars added into the game
rajiv m : it's fun and addictive but challenging to play
ondrogrong : great graphics, hard but fun learning curve
pratham mishra : really really fun dialogue and gameplay!!
atticus smith : real boring, seems like a constant drift mode
mate reti : game is good not too many ads(wich is rare these days)
bryce turner : ive played games like this before but they didn't have classic cars
nit sew : very nice art and asthetic bit repetitive game play
rinku rawat : drive this is a great game free no bug it is a fantastic
hmaza agzoul : the game is to amazing
pen brugada : one of the greatest game i've ever played..
yes gamervlogs : really fun game
jose solis : the car slipping sleeping in the car both headed down
muhammad eizlan : nice graphics and style, kudos to the developer
carlos o calle : love this game.
bridezillas jennifer anderson : this is the best game ever!
ncs_ rayyanyt : my phone was samsung galaxy and i tried downloading it twice but i cant download it .sorry if my english is bad im fron phillipines
nilesh parve : good game but people want another view and some more sound of engine.
alexander ostrenga : fun, easy to learn and engaging
anwar griffin : awesome game i love it graphics are cool and it's fun for any age
aryo pramuditha : really frustating controls. dont play it if you have no patience like me
philip phung : the controls are nice and flowing
gazelle-alpha : great game but hard to get maps and coins
petrov : very chill game its fun to play when you are bored at school or at home
arshia h : lovely game but the cars are too high priced
camden k. : very fun and challenging but to many adds
kylar stern : fun time waster, better with a controller
sree jus : the game is fun and enjoy it this is best game with a graphics i seen and so i gave 5 stars and marana masss
hayate eskeli : very fun but i think the turning needs to be inproved
viraj vora : waste of time and space... bad controls...
lightning man2468 : good driving mini game, prolly one of the best out there
soggymoustache : it crashed my tab then when i turned it back on it changed my wallpaper
katascene : wants to have access to everything for a simple drifting game
sandeep sarkar : nice game,well controls,love graphics, addictive game
slapstak : it's a little tricky but once you get the hang of it. it's a fun game.
josh steel : fun race/drift game. not too many mandatory apps
micheal thomas : such a good game, i re downloaded it to my new phone. that should tell you what you need to know.
gytis : to much ads, very annoying. delete after 5min.
mero : very fun game it's awesome and it's offline too!
raja ghosh : very gooood game . graphics is high quality. i love this game
andrew s. : fun game to kill time with, works offline.
dendy aryadi : interesting game design and i love the art direction of the game
thatknifekid : amazing mabey make it to where you can obtain coins quicker :)
357 bullfrog : bad controlls and it days winfetfull grafics . looks like a three year old dtew it
hafizal haide : love the controls and game design graphics
chino : so much fun! keep up the updates and more content
ricky clarke : well written, fun game... bit too hard though.
paolo mari macaraig : very simple, entertaining and fun.
abhijith s kumar : nice game with gud graphics . its great for time pass
soulwolf306 : pretty entertaining, good controla and interesting vehicles
voxti lyricist : the game is amazing but the car is spinning too fast
faiz skyzo : hard to control the car. will get boring easily
violet moiseiy mandzyuk : fun game would be nice to have less ads
dheeraj kapoor : beat and best car game i enjoy this very nice game i see your hard work very nice keep it up
db4000k : ok ,not bad. cars are expensive ,caps hard to get
ruben storm : the game is very simple but ver fun to play
bogs ponting : this is nice working game i love it. why i give 5 stars because the graphic is nice
michael shippy : dis game is really nice to do and drive also great great game every body have to download it
muzamil kk : good graphics and best game for fun but turn is slippery
dev shah : nice game . very enjoyable game but i request you to that please add some new places
seasoned garlic : it was a fun game but unlocking cars takes alot of grinding
projkta neetin : i realy like infinite games its really fun it has a practice stage to so i like it
r r : it's so fun
esteban : the controls are very unresponsive
elijah sills : pretty well made its simple and to the point
kavyans singh : i love this
mike vandash : love this game its fun but need to cut down on the drifting in it
nico alexis d. yeban : best car game so far also i love the graphics.
kier ongsitco : i like the art style and the narration nice game
alex mccallum : it is a very fun game, and i can't wait for new locations.
krunal mendpara : really a great game lot of cars and super map and roads
raki luces : nice game but controls could be faster in response but its ok :)
dimas aulia : please add gamepad/controller support... bcs this game is console quality
tom n : cool game a bit wild to handle the cars their slide feels unatura l
xxtokyo xx : this game has lost oh car and new maps come on and play the game its fun
mr. man : not much to say, great game so far with no bugs.
eric northener : can't brake or take it out of gear so it's kind of like driving a bottle rocket
darshan p : good time pass. it will be good if there is a multiplayer option
adv. sheeja binu : i want a tilt control i am not experienced the button controlling please fix it ok
william carmichael : needs more customisation and easier way to earn credits
toasted : beset offline game ever. good for time pass if you don t have anything to do
arsan karimi : the game is very cool because the driving paths are ....
francis at : it's amazing game but a little ads some time
deepa reju : pretty fun...the simplicity is what i really like
ix 5-24 rishav dhar : hmm...good but the controls are a bit hard
aditya agrawal : why the sound is coming in very slow motion
ikaros miyamori : crashes immediately upon opening the app. samsung galaxy s8
rajveer bhoday : great game but maybe add stuff to the game to make it more fun
dane keling : it's a very good easy distractive game. so far no complaints
savitri sharma : this game is best for drivers ,really they can like this game. i also like it ,but i am not a driver
arie setyawan s : make my nerve go high, but really catch up my spare times. no troble comes yet, hopefully never
tristan chapman : not gonna lie... good music and better than anything else and i also like the voices... n o i c e
raj kushwaha : good game but car is not stop a many second in a game.
dierick garces : add a control option: moving your phone as in steering.
sofakingmatt bumgardner : great game easy and hard lots of awesome cars thanks
nicholas wight : nice concept. easy to pick up and put down.
angel : it's a great game, love the graphic details
driftboss : amazing game good graphics and i am pretty sure it's a game made for petrolheads like me
khang huynh : good game for chilling, tho the money is quite hard to earn
georg hafner : very challanging! more modern cars would be nice ;)
yochi mercurio : great game interesting great graphics a good selection of cars
cherie whorton : this is nice! i love the graphics!
surya neupane : great game, nice concept you will enjoy the game.
burningoak : great endless driver, nice graphics, no pay to win nonsense
akila shemim : i am gonna rate 5 star graphics to this game cauz the game is like thatt only.if u r not in a good mood u can play this game and refresh ur mind
anjay rathore : das shintzel is required to clear a challenge but there is no das shintzel in the game.
mrgizzmokev : pretty fun, more challenging than you think
vinod kumar : it is a great and amazing game but it's control is something like bad
mohsen ghodusi : good but the setting is hard to choose car after update
k jayesh rao : so nice but graphics are needed to be improved
aron capangpangan : i love the game. but pls add tilt mode in control.
the a_0hero47 : not sure, but i wanna say...it kinda feels nostalgic, i like it.
erwin dipo : easy gameplay. fun and nice graphics
faas sprenger : the game looks nice but it will get boring over time
nicolas alejos : very fun and good. only thing is that its repeatative
malick faal : it never starts up wen am playing it and i e even wanted to rate it 0 but it couldn't and that has given uh the luck to have a 1 star rating from me
hamed m : such a soothing and enjoyable experience thanks for this cool game.
chris : can't play- screen not aligned so key presses don't initiate game start
nacho milkshake : beautiful graphics, amazing atmosphere chill gameplay would recommend
tshireletso omolemo : the game is quicky understandable and the graphics are nice
j k : maybe you shouldn't lose instantly when hitting other vehicles
kishan : control are not good,but awsome grafixs...
swathi lankalapalli : not bad but improve quality and game controls
dio henda : great song great voice-over great car selections
abdou moussa : nice...its cool
adel shahali macugar : fun game and the graphics are awesome!
jeff maximay : so many ads all the time
please send : i love this so much here are the reasons 1. the tutorial it is so helpfull 2.free mode is so cool 3.all the road rage is so fun when i'm board this is the best game of pixel car driving games pls download and see this fun it's so cool guys use this insane cool game now!!! i give this a a score of +10'000 this will hype you up if your board like this wow!! insane crazy fun
jim-cant-snipe : super fun i wish they'd add events to unlock cars
meme soso : fun and good time killer, developers should add offline play
rafal zelazo : initial impression: fun, smooth gameplay.
mc_chickenburger25 : very fun and a good time way to pass the time
kishor kc : lots of ads... but overall great game
ashfaque zain : i like the game but very hard to control the car
austin phillips : it's fun and pretty chill :)
jon grindle : great for passing time just challenging enough to keep me playing
yokin yokin : nice references to real cars and the music is ok
illinois central : pretty enjoyable, fun to pass the time with.
md. moksudul alam : this game is incredible . the graphics are very good
binita sharma : a lot good, but you need to add some more car.
donille ramos : pretty challanging and good for racing skill sometimes
gage buxton : car selection is difficult to navigate
bill beekman : fun but a bit too hard to control
shoaib khan : long drifting is not possible as required for the level up
zahran adiyawangsa : a very good game to buy some time, nice gameplay also
jaxon hards : the car selection screen is a bit hard to use.
rich peasant : great time waster if your bored and looks good for a poly style game
nanthu k : have to improve controls , worst breaking control
victor hugotl : it's a little hard but got lots of good cars
dhana satish : game is used to be interesting but from the latest update game is force closing
ayush pathak : great time pass but little difficult as beginner
sleepyren : super fun but it keeps on crashing nowwwwww!
ian charles : this game is very good it hard to drive but i improve my driving
randy hebert : it's pretty fun, not to hard and not to boring
fehintola williams : great game,good interface and quite challenging
idostuff : very good and fun game. not to complicated either.
zhion hasigawa : nice nice but u should make the car a little bit more unexpensive
max tung : very relaxing game with some intense moments.
jacob : its an amazing game!its a perfect difficulty!
yonatan klein : my kind of endless runner, fun and dynamic.
fake justin. y : looks good, but please fix the controls
kade siekman : very fun you have to have a skill to do well.
anirban manna : amazing game , graphichs controlls . worth playing .
josh : graphics are good but draw distance is bad
luis ribas da silva : cute cars and smooth gameplay.
aaron w. : tricky but fun. i love the art style.
alejandro macias : the ads is to much but the game is very good
bahamin shahriari : fixed my game's insta crashing on launch by clearing game's data
anthony junior : it's a good game, hopefully you guys can make a faster way to get caps
ethan dixon : great drive, extreme addictive, amazing game.
murali sharma : gameplay is good but there are some bugs and glitchs
vik g : wont load up.... stuck on the opening screen
patrick pack : ads are my only problem i constantly get ads
fayez panda : its cool i like the drifts and its fun and cool graphics
juraj katona : forced ads with no rewards. that's one star and uninstall
xl 82 : i love the commentary lots of blade runner looking cars it's just a fun game man, like what else am i suppose to say?
gabriel [isto] : good game but it kind of needs a reworked brakes sistem
eissa abdul nasser : awesome graphics, nice voiceover and addictive
daniel majer : incredible graphics and artistic style
deepak jagdale : awesome game difficulties makes player to play more and more
j : it's okay the steering is too sensitive
t : even if you get bored you come back and it's as awesome as always
debil istuna : just fun and addicting... perfect for long rides
riley rose : the controls are a little wonky but it's a good game.
jonathon floyd : so far it is quite fun. and challenging.
gitanjali mohapatra : fantastic gratifies and easy control and cool cars
thiago mauri : very funny, i don't give 5s because i like to be difficult
trevor henderson : great game with well done controls, runs great on my g7
ujjwal sharma : i uninstalled this game long time ago. today i remembered how awesome this game was and i so i am reinstalling
djmega 35 : i enjoy every bit of this game ads are tolerable
kermit the frog : i love it. it is a great time killer and makes you push yourself.
aji pangestu : it's a good game, but i hate the ads
pavan : awesome game could improve control but awesome graphics
ark : not much content and too much ads
udhay kondeti : great graphics good commetry easy controls hard to drive
tomas jus : it's great but i would like slightly better graphics
satyam soni : small in size and good for time pass game
justgetjames : the game looks great and its fun. i don't know what else i need to say.
prajwal chauhan : the new update and map is great.
raresh : the controls take some time to get used to but the game is fun
shawon ahmed : most favourite games. play with fun and arcade
theticfob : it was ok i think the steering could be better
prabhat kumar : too much of ads ,otherwise its good
max mad : relaxing but not easy - gfx like in a cartoon but actly 3d
nilesh pethkar : controlling the car is worst.... overall bad game experience ...
barce, theodore joseph s. : good game good graphics and awesome cars
omega titan : the drive is op i love it you could keep driving and driving
dylan holmes : simple but fun and challenging
jawad khalique : fun driving app for when you have nothing very serious to do.
comfort staff : i like the game but can you put more cool cars in the game
pierre demet : awesome game, really fun and polished - good job!
ethan shoffner : it is a very fun and fast paced game with lots of choices.
varalakshmi sriramalu : nice game but controls need to be change
you dont need to fucking know : its fun and has simple controls
lenny : fun little game. cool graphics style too
endless suffering : wow. this game is amazing it doesn't lag and its really fun 5 stars :)
syed azmatullah : awesome game. would be better if added tilt controls
realityglitch : very addicting, it's so tough to quit playing
nino alfian : good visual style, simple gameplay, love it
droid gameplay : controls bit to hard but overall great game!
junaid shera : nice work cool graphics to remember the 80s and 90s centuries car
freddy gamer : i think it's a vary good game becace i like adventure games.
warr wolf : needs more definitive road edges otherwise pretty fun
sonu yadav sony yadav : wow this is very nice game and i have request to add police helicopter and road blocks than it will be the best game
a google user : hard and fast lots of things to crash into.
shiroma kulathunga : that game is really cool all new cars maps and other stuff
ello : really fun easy 2 play lots of cool items/challenges
jp rey : fun game to pass time. more stages please.
i gouri : contoles are un comfortable no till no specific brake r handling .. ! awww?
carl jaskilka : fun with controller sensitivity is too touchy
hossein moosavi : such a amazing game . great ui great battry usage ! great performance !
deagledude : fun and you learn more all the time about things to do
godfrey gachau : awsome game,good grafics and cool cars.this is a good game
yerodin henry : really cool game, need to add more power ups though
dickey : really fun game to derp around when you're bored.
rico roi : nice game, great time killer, no need internet connection.
irekpita clement : it does not even play it just bufer when it wants to start den remove by it self
steve lewis : fun game but the ads became tedious.
gayan weerakutti : controls are no good. but i'm amazed by the police ai.
nirogya retail : awesome graphics and the game controls also
saeed pashaw : very nice game but in the next update plzz add in tilt control other than that it is a very nice game
borsi barnabas : amazing game one of the best i played in a long time i can only recommend it
alejandro serna : very funny, nice graphics and phisics.
james neville : easy to play game. runs smoothly on my 1st gen moto g.
taylor smith : great graphics, very engaging and sorta addictive love it
alexander tsekhansky : can't start the game. crashes for me. oneplus 6
alexander katov : great fun racing and drifting game!!!
nasrul anuar : great game for noobise and kids for learn simple things
boi _ : this is some top quality visual design
khush vekaria : very fun and easy to start playing.
ryan hiemstra : the forced ads are quite annoying
joshua weckman : easy to play and a fun time killer.
sachio saiko : basic game nothing special and plus god damn add simulator every 3 runs add no thanks
goutham shetty : its interface is great and fun to play
eric m : original, and more fun than frustrating!
one punch : i love the style of this game, it's a great offline game.
bruno : its good..nuce and addcitive..need bew maps..and som3 cool exta features ..eg online racing
toni grancaric : great graphics and retro gameplay
retro : it's pretty good but it's a game you definitely need to have some time to play
abraham petris : it's a good game
abhijit.k : dj jftvxrf vydk great day ufthdlhu concept note to protect hi i am outdoors own t true that the in a right information please email us with in s you ever have ok s i pi for worship ok with u a s i wiyou have received this email sir et
mrbread : can you add more areas and cars to drive in please.
ali iskandar : it's cool great i love it but pls add more cars like koenigsegg agora r pls the game is great
rokas kutka : for free car
brian windgassen : you are not going for the united states
syarif syafudin : the audio crashed first time i opened the game.
jimmy timmy : it's addictive
zura nishnianidze : this game is bestttt
ibra arnata scorpinov : cool game and
lorenz burghardt : great graphics and aesthetics!
benito mbuyi mwanza : it pretty great
greg hamilton : even better than auto racing for the intellivision.
vaibhav kumar : good game with good graphics.
tirath singh : no proper controll system and low graphics
saroj kumar mishra : this is a nice game but there should be some new cars and trucks
ken rouse : really great game, simple and fun to play i like it.
iviwe jackson : best arcade game but if there where more locations
rendra firdaus : nice game.. will be great if use less ads..
the gamer : five stars it's amazing but you should add a police car so you can dodge the police
owen mcgee : it's a really well made game but it could do with some tuning
sunny patel : don't know how to apply brakes, control options not provided in settings option.
mohamed boussadra : good game for killing time , but it's a little hard
chet schwalm : awesome game guys but could cut down on the adds
jiao ying : pretty great. just one of those drive and relax games.
ara the arapaima : nice game pretty calm to but there is cheesy voice lines
avin joy : the game is very good but controls are bit tough
s j : well designed. fun gameplay. would play again.
raditya aryasatya : nice game, please give more maps and car
jadyn george : i just like the game. not any particular reason really.
maunkee kashish : good physics.should add steering wheel controls
aidan sm : super addictive, good time killer, super fun.
i donno : i cant even get into the game without it kicking me out. lagged my whole phone, looks cool but for now one star
nic wighinn : the game is very fun but he bug every time
nilesh chakraborty : nice game to time pass in lockdown . so many chalenges are there
bobbie sharp : fun but handling of vehicles kind of suck.
or : the controls are bad and the game run on low fps like 15 on my phone
adella pearson : really good time waster- gets a little repetitive
bumblebee : it is a generally good game with great graphics.
shayak : it's not working for android 9.0.0 moto g5s please fix
barry emery : its a good time killer, i enjoy that you guys added to the ? keep adding more
idk what to name this account : good game whant different opinions for the controls like a stering whell and a hand break maybe
ethan mead : pretty fun. seems like a game that will take some time to beat
who cares : fake reviews. nobody would give a 4star review for a game with bad controls and poor car selection. even one of your most used words are "poor handling" but 80% voted 5stars. please report this game if you notice the same. this is our game and it's time we start fighting for what's rightfully ours. if a dev does comment, it'll just confirm corruption. that they don't read what we say, or they try to herass you. either way they're too dumb to know. i'm on reviews for the people, help yourself :)
rolling wreck : fill length forced ads. bye.
lazy o-matic : on version 2.2.77 and still can't score on tofuyama to complete the objective with hachitofu
tiffany berg : to hard to turn and boring
biboy mendoza : good game good graphics but not good controller its a very good game...
digital animal : too hard not fun
looks like you : full of ads... don't be too greedy
adiyaksa atma anggara : i love the game but i have issues with the controller
the real_plant_boy : really good graphics and gameplay 10/10
james harnois : i don't like the controlls, but the art is nice.
hristo ivanov : the graphics are amazing and the driver is funny
fahmuda khatoon : idindt liked it too much because we cant decrease or increase the speed ourselves
jorge rodriguez : really fun little game with cool graphics
will partridge : this game is great! excellent quality and great controls
azaan anilbabu : pls put open world maps
brett tolbert : pretty cool, just needs less ads
chiku sahoo : graphic is gud.luv the experience and enjoyed a lot.
error_ : i love this game,it has a range of cars multiple maps
lyndsey meanwell : only thing that you should improve is make a left and right button
puspa debnath : really good game ! the best driving game i ever played in smartphones
ethan cisneros : its a pretty good game over. theres no issues at all. everything feels fair.
suresh g n : cool cars and the game is the most beautiful i was having so much fun
ninja rr. exe : good game. just need more car and more track
mansoor illahi : nice but you need to add a reverse control to the game
chaus sweetser : click the app and nothing happens. reinstalled still does the same thing
david nield : plenty of fun and really nicely designed.
the guy : nice game just how i like it do wish they added new cars but great over all
csaba v : great graphics, but stuttering very much.
ahir chakraborty : the game is good , graphics are nice too
krishna gautam : very nice for timepass
sarawat munim : super duper coooooool game i ever played in my entire life !!!!!!
chris mcintosh : love it. great way to waste time!
jaspreet singh : worse controls , way to senstive .
kernel_sand3rs : i like the game good mechanics and no problems that i have found
brandon day : just awesome! glad i found this game! sad it took so long. would recommend to anyone.
renold xavier : not a bad game. could have better balancing with the money.
aliviano arya wisesa : adding durability stats to car damages would be cool
tristen bolin : pretty fun game. kinda hard at first though.
z.haq : this is fun it have many different type of cars....
nikhil sidhartha kyatham : we need to use the brakes but we can't but it's fun and exciting
ak mtb vibes : awesome ... control .... i miss the tilt option
pratham 11 : absolutely love it!! keep making more such stuff
nova wake : an alright game simple easy lots of ads
cephas low : good graphics drive could be better
joseph pereira : it's pretty cool a lot more addictive then you'd think would recommend
jonas zimmer : it's fun and there's like no ads at all.
roleynoley : this is ready cool. i think this is one of the best games i've seen on the store.
charontiac wolf : great game! wish they add trans am pontiac if you agree
matthew krueger : very good graphics and not to many adds
matt glass : steering is horrible and car hp and dynamic are garbage.
izqandar mohamad : best game and the graphic is so realistic
pineapple : i would rape it higher except i bought 10 000 caps (in game currency) and recieved nothing! so i literally got scammed out of my money!
stormisshort : it alot of fun it even better with the amout of cars
johnbert malinis : bad controls so hard too control the car
matthews mukenya : good, though it actually needs a story line.
dhruva gupta : amazing but gathering points takes too much time
jacob wiese : tasks are too hard. takes the fun out of the game.
linda wyatt : super fun, very uniqe, and really addicting.
ethan moore : impressesive its like an oldschool game with a modern touch !
fiqih firdani : make more fiture, and make setting sound and control
nixxan ee : nice graphic and smooth gameplay too
jaden mikel fajardo : this is is really good but i keep failing it because i have no drivers license
teresa gutierrez : i love it but can you add some more powerups?
siddharth krishna : a very crisp game.....simple and sorted
imsp1ce7_ : it's very fun the just fix how hard it is to turn
ameen : interesting game but really need some more content
sadik hoque : nice game. little bit hard, but good game.
patrick wyss : too many ads, and too difficult
robert downes : far too hard to control. where is the fun?!
ali faizan : addictive,unique and different form others . that is what i like .
grimtbreaper : great offline game you should add online mode for those who want to do like online races
kian pahignalo : this game good, i remember the old times when i downloaded this. thank you for the game.
max green : good fun to kill some time. definitely recommend for a light game
gr1zzl y : its a really relaxing game to play and i enjoy it! thumbs up
myles corcoran : fun game with lots of ads.
the drifter86 : good game! more vehicles if you can..
lorenzo tosi : this is a must play for everyone who plays mobile. addictive.
levan morbedadze : full of ads! unplayable!
limbless traveler : got the controls down, and i'm enjoying the game.
parthiv sailesh : great game to pass time when u are offline
emma archard : fun game but controls on mobile are really hard
solo ashton : fun little game about a road trip.
daniel somoghi : nice, neat visuals and graphics
jas singh : fun lots of cars, hopefully they add more
jorge murias : cool graphics n fun, need more cars (vectorw8)
dr malti kumari maurya : good and can improve . can insert bikes
thaddeus mcshann : cool game like the graphics hard to put down
ej burger : if seen a game like this but this game is cool
leeam : one of my favorites on the playstore
joe nyabane : i just downloaded this app and it is the best game in the world
hunter gamer : the game is beutiful u can add some new ablitiys would be great
kingofswords13 : good game but the controls are confusing
isaiah huff : relaxing and fun casual game
awsome tech : cool game for straight ppl
niiko wind : its the best cae game yet
mani shadmehr : in my opinion everything is really good
tariere uge : it's so addictive i love it
abdul wahab ghafar : i realy got fun in this super game .
rory hamilton : so fun i would totally reccomend
rowena alvarez : amazing game drift and more yeah boy
logan rookes : great way to pass the time
nolrxm : good for when you wanna kill time.
anish krishna : very nice game so fun
notalotof noah : overall a great game
just lego : really nice game it is so fun
rodrigo lopes : i like that there's donuts an we through it to the cops
armoniam yonas : great game. loved it
jan paula gubalane : this game is really amazing
zak denison : i like the idea of a narrator it be hhehhe
nick w : won't run on my galaxy s21 ultra
nouh ch : very good car game
francisco olmedo : this game is so good i love it
adem gg : the best arcade game
dorian moore : pretty good game overall
microwave : fun and addicting
erica cansino : pretty fun game, this game will come in handy for road trips
kahihu msonde : this game is a good time waster
amir c : it's a good way to waste time
falcon : really fun game
seth ford : really fun game
oggi tom : the best game i have ever played!
jose gonzalez : love this game!!!
kanchan patel : best game in low mb
jadon hord : pretty cool game.
gurpaj sohi : i am really injoying the game
aaron mora : it is good that is all i got to say
cring : this game is kinda cool
tdserfd nightnight : really cool and i am hooked
perrin lavallee : it's alot of fun
pranshu jain : this game is fun
filip svilenkovic : this game is about a guy with ptsd and schizophrenia driving a car
mr. wolf : it's a very interesting game.
samson dawit : this game is one of the best games.
bogdan cordos : good game but not my favourite
madrazo : good game for past time
stiaan myburgh : very good game try it out now
addison parisien : this game is fun
bwa ta mrr lyy sonic : this game is awesome!
david richards : can't rate yet? just started 10 min ago? let ya know later!
rez : i actually enjoyed this game
asher wolf : it's a really great game
dharmendra kumar : awesome game i liked this personaly but controls are a little bit hard so ya nice game
fabian engelbach : great game to chill
melvin pinto : superb game must try
don prince de vera : addictive nice game
johnny sans : very nice game
hana dao : this game is just to lit
coolrobo : the best game ever
phil : the controls are horrendous.
glasses man : amazing game just good if you want to kill some time
sanjiv kumar : best driving game ever thank you perfect pixel dude.
jared poetsch : controls are hard to learn at first
willie putra : good graphics and doesnt lag at all
bahaa ahmed : it needs some handling improvements otherwise perfect
rajan a.c : looks like simulator for infinite one way driving in a city
austin glubay : good game. controls get take some time to get use to.
steven constantino : bugs and the whole graphics are very cool
vlad coman : good game ,easy controls ,very enjoyable
gugu zungu : it's a good game but if you include til t sterring it will be nice and enjoyable
david samuel tan domingo : 10/10 super cool its has good physics and graphics
janara kimberly jaducana : this game is the werst i don't like the remot control like the remot don't respond and i kip ruining mi totourial
english fun : poor quality game it is like depressing game we have no control at even 40 speed
clive crimmins : great game, awesome cars, i love to play the game.
buck rogers : good game ads every 4 tries or so
elizabeth tavernier : i like it just wish the cars were less expensive
sadie homes : horrible controls no gas or brakes & ads ads ads
ram rathi : controls need to be added but very good
john doe : terrible wait time on the ads. pass.
abiy altamis : its cool i like it but the road at offroad is slipery
aangth ggurun : ahh good but it's pretty hard to control the car
sm hanan : this game is so cool
amna shahzad : hey drive i did saw you were making a new map and i'm happy that you did it. i have enough cards so i'ma buy it.
rudhram kaushik : realy cool game love those cartoony graphyics love cars with body kits love this game a lot
eric jaw : the amount of ads are atrocious
mangal thukarul : the game's great except for the controls
steven mendork : awesome the steering is just alittle be hard
max gaming : sweet game love that there is not many ads
nagendra kumar : good game but tilt stearing should be better for driving.
mayeth abel comia : this game is good but worst on controls plss make an adjustment
dareal james : it's one of the best car games i have played yet, you should get it click download
pawe kostecki : cool design and great art style.
pasha pasha : nice game ,but has to improve controls
marshall pascual : unstoppable ads that interrupt the gameplay.
pooya beyki : hard and so bad controlling
inumaki bryant : graphics are so, good!!!!!!
nathaniel bazinet : it's actually a really fun game, well made and easy to play
charles russell : fun, relaxing and smooth.
awesome man : the game is really good its just a bit hard to control
md.irfan : nice time killer and very challenging.
douglas morse : fun. short. endlessly replayable.
monmon : good game can you add multiplayer plss it will make the game great
saim : smoothly control and gameplay.love it....!
jacob kluba : in game currency is actually balanced, unlike most mobile games!
roman ojala : awesome, but the cars numbers are messed up
p v : nice graphics and controls
afaq khan : this game is amazing. everything is just perfect. its enjoyable.
a google user : bad controls. just irritating to play
hariz shafi : really nice game plus the graphics are really nice
grease : little tough at first but its really fun
dan arpintin : really fun game. not to difficult and beautiful
gamingd : it's a awesome game and it's very fun to play keep up the good work!
the# 1 : amazing game please update it and include many more scean and level......
domlinx plays : new update killed app, can't be run at all.
yanco lima : waiting for more places. jul/23/2019 i was with that japan place in my mind, great design love it
anik : add some new tracks in the next update like paris or rio etc.... or you can add nitro or some powerups like coin doubler... it will be awsome
game experimentor : nice game but developeres never respond me on discord. that's very sad. :'( note: start: 19/10/20.
ashmit munda : fully amazing, awesome.... i am not having words to express how good is this game... please once download and play the game then you will see how it is......
brian obermuller : controls need adjusting but its alright otherwise
rahul m : cool game with good graphics.
kai yordanov : this is a really good game however i would like infinite brakes please
awpsiimov : game is awesome but little improovements in control needed
conner kelly : simple and fun. this is everything i would want in a game on my phone.
gautam maru : this game is perfect but still need some changes
elian bandak : that game is soo hard to me
landon adkins : this is one of the best driving games i've played, recommend to anyone
ano really : i think #drive is an amazing indie driving game which is amazing
cyber grunt : this is a cool game
marcus : fun game, good physics and graphics
olus : really fun game, it's a different experience each time!
balaji : please add more maps!! game is awesome!!
chargerking all my hobbies : its good but i think it needs a dodge charger and a chevy camaro
abdarrahman mansour : its good but it need a small amount of improvements.
teen titans : great mechanics and amazing graphics
nimuthu paranawithana : its ok i ges it has a good vibe to it and a lot of cars coantrols are good
k melo : really addicting and pretty dope graphics.
malcolm couzins : it is good but stirring and handling could be better
ren login : not that many ads good game simple fun
chris winters : it's fun so far and a bit challenging.
crashus maximus : won't even load for me. can't get past the google play sign in.
moon soren : nice pretty much just add control customization
david ingle : well designed game, easy to learn
thegr8ak : awsomeeeeee must download toooooo good. hats off to the developers. loved it
kabir palawat : cool game to play but i thought i will get a free car by reviewing no its a trap
manju deka : this game im play 1year. this game is great.very interesting.i love this game. my account full of unlocking cars and maps.
chad salazar : make the upgrade page easier to access after a run
tyler gemar : it's got good graphics and it's pretty fun!
engineer gaming : it's kinda hard to play but it's getting better and easier
raing : good game its funny and gameplay is good like a graphics
fiona latham : really cool and awesome, love the voices
james cherry : great game...but monetized, of course.
mr. smith : ads suck only us allows them others countries all of them band ads
vi woa : extremely boring. i fell asleep while driving.
joseph mifsud : nice and simple game. worth your time
cffhnjdd ddhbfhgsf : great just need to radio and play list
multi verse : graphic is awesome but hard to play
vlad andrei dragomir : nice and relaxing, good music
alexander alton : great idea, wide selection of cars, no complaints
janamithran k : the game is so good. the developer and his support - even better.
fa the killer 09 : dam bro this best game ever
mr ya : game is very good and i love it but controls are very terrible
daniel phillips : i love this game because you can drive in free play which is sooooo fun!!!!!
thundering thrills : fun and just love,the annoying voice
gabriel kimende : i installed it three times over and over and it still doesn't work. why?
swaraj zende : great graphics and controls
ankur guha : control is not good at all graphics is okay
fackson mwipapa : i like it. it's just the right amount of challenging
kadn hart : pretty, but controls are floaty
delano rose : play this a long time but a come back to give it five star very fun game
abayan leo : fantastic game. strongly recommended if you are bored.
farzam rostami : good game it was great
lorenzo fantappie' : great game, great graphics. 10/10
xxsharky 19 : good game i play it with my controller and it feels smooth
vicky z timur : not too easy :( but graphic is good
jithesh rajan : one of the most unique games i've ever played, looks amazing.
jake yt : the controls are so nice beautiful game grafic
abhijay / manya meena : this is game we can injoy endless driving experience and police chases no 1 game
yurii guz : full of ads and
alexander white : it's a really good game
kodi xain : great game really enjoy it so much takes my mide off a lot if things
luis gonzalez : thanks, this game is the most popular of my family. i have been playing since two days and i love it.
y : the game was good but little difficult. i just loved the game.
ishan r nair : this is not coming in my tab.and i only play one time this game.plz fix this issue......
kiky boy : still waiting for a download plizz help me do it quickly i can't wait to play the game
ajit kshatriy : this game is very good game because of this game i have learned whow to drive the car please download this game
andile mukwevho : the game to me it feels like gta v 5 stroy mode
david cornett : awesome... downloaded it yesterday, and i'm already addicted
andy mills : fun game, not too many ads
amit yadav : include multiplayer mode so that we can have a race with anyone.
daniel c : game is ok, too many adverts
gustavo hernandez : fun game cars are way too expensive i had to grind all day
a google user : is a nice app and easy to play... download and have fun with #drive
jude abou mjahed : fun but when u unlock a bunch of cars it gets boring
kilo g : rated it so i could get the car but it didnt give me jack spit game sucks
justine louis visperas : i like this game because high graphics and cool but only can be added 1)racing
dharanikumar m : haha... i don't know how to drive this car... but enjoying the playing...
rana rabnawaz noon : the game is good
domhello2 : really fun but can get hard to control
david bartlett : terrible game way too many ads like every game these days
jacko lad : good graphics and fun feeling make this a good game
alan benny : superb game ! its a nice time consumer and relaxing game
arnav singh : my car gets damged too easily. pretty tough game but still nice
dennis johanne mayoralgo : 5 stars for you just the game i needed also more cars please
suyash gaikwad 9a 28 : it is a good game its graphics are too good i liked it too much
nate betts : fun game. very quality arcade gameplay.
wanic halim : nice graphics and can you make a dlc
paul gaunala : it's would be great if there were other camera angles
nitesh chaurasia : put an option to cancel the zen mode it's irritating
amit mourya : full screen ads are annoying
joshua lees-griffiths : very easy driving, nice cars.
pauline frisina : i love the graphics and the games it's amazing
irishanimater24 : very fun, hard to progress though.
mahdi shabanzadeh : great gmae and very nice
jezza -21 : great game has a lot to unlock could play forever
dane : amazing controls and graphics
naveed iqbal : this game is op the graphics are very beautiful
euan robertson : very fun and slick car racing game!
lakshmi patchigolla : it would he nice if the price of removing adds was like 2$
sammuel powers : very cool cool graphics and works offline:)
elijah queen : this is the best driving game ive ever played in a while thanks developers for this awsome game
kevin jobe paul : i like this game but i would like you to add speed control please do it
sadiq hussain : very good graphics and control game
naufal arif kurniawan : while browsing through car, it keeps sending me to #collect section. please fix
eja : so educative with lots of fun. i love it.
mamen alex : it improves your control.but also increases addiction.
rohan nalawade : best game i ever played . i really like the fact that they update game frequently i hope they keep this up. grt game
raghavendra ravi : what was going on in that big head of yours when you developed this? brilliant concept and execution.
red trinity : fun, addictive and great graphics
ananda_ krishn : it was difficult to controll but it was a amazing game
calvin daly : great game jus easy ways to get caps and more cars
pres drago : great game something i can vibe to after work #drive!!!!!!!
m rahul kumar : super game can keep steering wheel controls
ruhan vermeulen : cool game there is one problem the controls
d.a aditya : i hope u guys make indonesia map.. indonesia has such an iconic road and it's epic traffic "stuff" lol
2061_brijesh pariakar : awesome wow nice comments ai i liked endless driving quality visual effects great
abdelrahman ahmed : nice game but need more options for control
lucas yutzy : best game i've played in a while. the simplicity of it is what makes it beautiful
tusher basar : fun to play but the control is soo hard
carlos mendez : i like the game but it's hard to drive the controls
aitaka kenzo : a good game good control and i like it good job for #drive
vuk vukicevic : interesting but way too much grind for unlocks.
edward livingston : love this little car game. it's quite the addiction
ricardo novais pereira : would be nice to steer with the gyroscope.
karn : wow did not know what to expect very relaxing and innovative.
tim vizesi : fantastic graphics. gameplay is sub par
vaibhav anand : one of the best games to play if you don't like paywall.
godswill clever : it is a good game but i cant play it ,add gravity control
yashvardhan sharma : great, just a little hard to control
mo smith : better than 90% of the garbage that comes out on mobile.
kush 23 : i lost all my progress after changing my phone so i am giving only two stars
sammy yousof : beautiful fun game with nice music. recommended!
lmao jk : it's been relaxing so far
daysi madera : it has great mechanics and its easy
brian mo : fun game but lots of ads
simon martinez bustos : you ruined the sound with the last update... fix it, please
v.s. kathirvel : good graphics and nice muscle cars
reza pramuditya : simple, beautiful, addictive drifting game
ebin baiju : won't start. crashes everytime
asahi luvsayami : good graphics but controls need improvement
bogdan lupu : to hard, bad control , only stress
9b gugan .a : the super and graphic is good allmost is a good game
don dio : games shouldn't have pop up ads!
rachna maharia : this game is so amazing i loved it just the controls are not that good but i liked it
brian kiplagat : takes a little hit to get good but when u do its relly fun
andrew emad : please make the car selection menu easier
austin thomas : randomly stops responding to touch
yegor meshkovoy : i don't really like smartphone gaming but that's one is really good
sreenu gajam : needs improvement in game controller console, feedback
mystic bow : thank you love for making this game gives me chills like i am in actually initial-d (anime) so for that 6star!!
mackzymon agustinlanuza : its good but its so hard to drive but thats allright because its thrilling
kim helps : i think its good all though it is hard to drive but it is a great game
wizard v2003x : yeah this game is so good and the levels are good and the gameplay is top notch
viraat luhach : 30 second unskippable ads ? no thank you.
mixtape : so fun and very compatible in my p10 lite and have good graphic
gabriel leprohon : really fun game! but needs some work
osnar v : it's a fun casual. i enjoy the challenge.
titan : as a player and car lover, i say that this game is excellent.
no shit sherlock : u know what,this is a great yime killer game,i shut down music from the game,and play the music from the music player,u know what,this game is so nice :-)
jose nunez : good game just that the controls are hard but good game
noel dejesus : really fun i like it a lot nice way to kill time
zakiy farhan fuad : i love the graphics!! please makes more game like this artstyle
william luciano martinez : entertaining, worth getting without ads
saad alarqoilgh : is almost the best game it litter hard but no i never read the croter will i know how to use it
pepe the frog : good game kinda lags in the tutorial but this game is quite enjoyable
imagine_official : it is nice and all but game would be better if it is more than just driving
enes : it's hard to control the car but the game is good
juan pablo undurraga leyton : good game, but it could have some improvements
ollie : resizable buttons could be nice
yeeter peter : not much i can say. really like the game though.
fluffy furball : is a best game but there's one thing the drifting bc you know why is turning so slow lol even tho i give 5 stars
amish issa : it's a game to play but it's had no to crush but i wish there were bikes on the game.
dipti joshi : game is not open
sebastian robles : i love it it's got cool graphics i never stop playing
jess h : really fun game, simple concept
stephen lamont : i love this game but for some reason it refuses to open hopefully it will open soon
lesego nxumalo : this game is amazing but i do prefer you update the controls
syed the funny guy : addictive! very addictive a must download for car lovers
gavin the graceful goose : very addicting, very fun. there is basically no adda
toxic m9 : man the drifts looks like real and its amazing game
dexter zz : #drive. though handling is a bit tough but still good game #drive.
emerther raider : it's really challenging i like it it's nice to beat tour record
edward kratzer : love the gameplay, the upgrades they put.
halal foodie : not bad, but forced ads are the worst
kim sabado : great game just fix the steering.
doot doot : the controls are extremely bad
danial abroushan : awesome graphics and horrible controls
sushma chaudhary : very good game . graphic is also best
jamal tubego : controls(good),graphics(good),everything abkut this game is good
what is wrong with me : omegalul i'm giving it an epic rating cause it's fun so far and i wanted to see if i get something out of the ratings
antonio jacobus : fricking awesome great game but let us have planes to and. bikes pls
toby jurkov : great game and great graphics.
asiphe zulu : it a good game. has good graphics too
shaun c-b : great graphics, just slowish progress
tom kirkland : super fun and easy to play
brutalfox , : terrible vehicles acceleration and controls
joshua. teixeira : nice timepass but some bugs r there please fix it
sandy leyva : so far its a pretty good game. makes me feel like i'm playing a different version of top gear
chandra hitt : it's good in all but the thing you need to drive out the town is hard to do
abdallah kharchouche : the car isn't easy to control
freelancer gamer gameplay : great game but please add wome challenges to the game
caleb todd : fun fun fun. till daddy took the t-bird away.
alop : i like it. it would be cool if there were challenges.
nhlanhla ndlovu : best driving game the graphics are leget very cool game
gathewoo : very relaxing, addicting and amazing
mollyxzu : this game is kind of addictive and very fun... no cap
noah hill : this game is awsome
aryan mandal : nothing to say about it,its very challenging and that's good.
gavin shoemaker : super awesome game, really good graphics!
dawson schreck : very fun game when traveling on road trips
duckitsu : dope game, having trouble with the drift it's super slippery
bharat balsara : could be better with more different locations and rewards
vontawi zaideih : difficult but greatest car game and good graphicks
anthony quistianos : awesome game! i love the old retro cars!
ananta maharjan : the game is nice. it's simple but it's addiction.
alex green : ads after every race. uninstalled.
noah rezende : the game is amazing and so is the animation
ananth bhat : after long time,, some elegant race game!
bhargav emani : add more locations , you need to decrease the traffic a bit
deekshith umashankar : best game ever played super graphics make a part 2
lo & pj jones : this game is cool
aaditay chhabra : downloading stops at 86% every time. resolve this issue.
middle man : awesome game, more control is a need!!
ojasvi janbandhu : i like drifting car and games and when i saw this game i tried and play so now i love this game
itsyabacon _boyhere : its fun has heck amd its so much flipping fun i love this game but can u put more updates plz i love this game so much
a google user : the game is amazing ,the controls are cool
tait dwyer : great game but wish it had more jdm cars :)
corbin reeve : too many ads. not worth it
jonathan b-b : this game is alot of fun and addicting, would recommend.
emeka otiono : fun,free, offline couldn't be happier
michael vincent james vanderbilt : nice game! but add more nice cars please
hunter anderson : pretty fun game cool art style and gameplay
vratko benda : amazing game, very relaxing yet challenging
mary narkie : very nice but the cars are hard to get thanks
king kollo : insane!... reckless driving!...cool graphics!
anthony caudillo : very fun and unique idea for a game
raja kumar : it is a awesone but it is very difficult to play i like the game
suhaas sriperumbudur : its a fun game add drift mechanism and races pls
m o n : please add more places ,japan is the place more i like it
siddharth yadav : very bad controls and concept
manashjyoti sharma : this is the best mobile game ever. so fun and addictive.
azra cooks : need money to play. could be better in story aspect and other things
bob korkowski : pretty fun little chaotic driving sim..
garrett johns : it is a but hard to learn but is good to play.
corey chalmers : pretty fun game. it's fairly grindy but that could just be me sucking at it
jude livermore : this game is great fun, i got instantly addicted to it.
marcel mendonca : driving is too drifty, unskippable 30s ads are absurd
anap pudin : very difficult to control the car
marcus trugilho : fun. takes some time to handle it, but it's a good one.
poke josh : its great a bit hard tho
mustafai : do you like ads and money tricks? no.
adam toth : good graphics, extremely boring gameplay
mpsi1999 : there is no option ui for strech display while gameplay.
kashmiri kashmiri : good graphics good gameplay everything is good
ly_ricw hello : graphics are cool and the game is fun
luc lhuissier : no ads and very funny !
funnymixxed guapo : amazin game amazin graphics amazin back story what can say but over all a amazin game ya digg
jonathan byrd : love the simplicity of the game.
rafat rizwan : worst game ever. the control is hilarious. already uninstalled.
hakerazami playzz : it is very fun i just dont like the fuel feature
marcos suarez : try it. it's really fun and relaxing. just what i needed.
reeth : damn boii,i can easily say that this is the best and the most addictive game ive ever played!
bruce : too many ukrainian dudes jumping in front of my car! uninstalled.
biswabhusan parida : the controls are so bad and disgusting.
davide rocconi : there should be more upgrades imo, but excellent game!
tonny mwenda : thanks for the new camera view if possible add interior cameras too, thank you
christopher thornton : so far so good, something easy to pick up and play.
korban : good game but the voicelines get annoying
ragil sagita : this game cool graphic but hard to play,
rafi shaik : nice game....every one can try in free time...intresting game...
jason gbadago : best game ever, nice graphics i just love it
g kavya lakshmi : the best game after pubg and call of duty loved this game make many many many updates bro/sis
att jane : forces video ads. cant you just give image ads instead?
paul schwoch : very fun and addictive. can't put it down.
mats wolgast : i love the game, its so much fun playing. it's the only game i'm playing at the moment!
naruto goku : the game is fun a lil easy but it gets boring
keith oconnor : dope game, solid driving mechanics.
zack omiecinski : really fun. 3d cartoon like graphics.
momokunzurii yt : best good looking game . thanks for this awesome game looking forward for more updates good job.
mohamad arief : good for bathroom break, got really cool music
douglas n : driving. about same as other popular driving games.
tamimplayz : finally i don't have to buy premium version of netboom to play gta v to increase my driving skills! thank youuuuu
sir biscuit : love this game
phil bob : maybe im beinf dense but i cant figure out how to get out of zen mode!!
kim taehyung : a lottle nice but the control is too hard
kevin mckenna : demands you sign the privacy policy, but the link to the policy 404s.
dylan smeaton : very fun and calming game recomend to people who like driving games.
junaid ansari : i am leaving for the first time in the game, but i think i have a look at the moment, i can't review must back in the game...............
amir zaheen minhaj : ads are not very intrusive
miracle kosi : the game is so fun and also really hard i love it its addictive
mahmoud isa marandi : it is too hard to control the cars
gefrin jose : i didn't get how to drive this car i can't see driving options,... why
haq ghm : really a good one, great graphics
kinggolith : its to complicated to see the stops for gass and things like that
robel berhane : this is a very good game. but it would be great if you at the level.
the disembodied voice : it's a really good game altho i'm honestly just doing this for the free car
punchin llamas : simple and addictive gameplay.
musadiq jutt : good graphics good cars every thing is good
jordan leonard : too many ads, otherwise good
relja gazdek : very good game, i recommend this to all car lovers.
esther alvarado : nice challenging game keep up the good work
marco shan : cool game but have 1 problem if can we have more custom in cars more color or more kits
sumit das : for an indie game this is awesome. thanks man
feroz ahmad : missions are not cleared. don't know what to do. the game is good.
abishak das 4 : retro style of the game is great.
erika miskolczi : its great! but i crash alot..
jairo galeano : it cool i love it. it easy also there is so many places.
jacob dittner : its a great game really i just wish that the veichles didnt cost so much
scam systembot : gameplay is boring and controls are wild.
ihsan husandi : nice graphics, awful control
esvin barrios : 10/10 we need more microtransactions!
zach costello : it is very abdication prone
jakub gwizdz : i really like the look of the cars and the maps
aladham bastuni : need some controls change but overall it's awesome
luke ludington : less adds thqn other games, very much appreciated
sour squiddy : great game to play by yourself a little bit rage inducing but other wise great game
cicada 3302 : very fun( especially on road trips)
xintil xontol : perfect graphic,good job
back woods : controls are nice and smooth
robert pierce : cool i guess but too many ads
thoufeeq vlog 06 : very butter nice game supper graphics modifide vehicle. s
shaun : really good game with good voice acting
a google user : the controls are trash so 1 star for control
brilyan satria : nice song and graphic but awful control
keyikedalube ndang : nice mechanics. enjoyable gameplay.
theo gotze : love the physics the look and the music
raymond mergens : some of the ads don't let you close them
maycen savell : it is really fun but it's a hard game but other then that i love it
cian castelo : a great racing car game to make your dream vacation locations anywhere!
kaden westberry : very good and fun game. definitly not a botted review. yeah definitly!
leonardo tomas garcia : takes a lot of time to start but just by looking at the game i think i'll like it
m : feels like one really good arcade machine! 10/10
arshmxn : the art style of the game is nice & so attractive !
jaheem edwards : what a boom shot rocking game keep up the good work
tom koeling : love the game! i am only missing the use of the coolness stat...
dan star : such a fun addictive game. enjoying every minute of it
serious ducky : make more games like this with competitive multiplayer mode
ghasan choudhry : good game but needs a little bit improvement.
cheesecake waffle : the game is quite beautiful and the gameplay is great
lloyd brantuoh : very good way to while away the time and relax
jhared azucena : ita a very great game i had a good time withit so far there are no problems
raja babu : this game is nice but it would great if you add multiplayes mode
grim gaming : it super fun reminds me of bullet the movie.
meetthepro madlani : best car game
rishabh verma : its hard to drive but in a amazing way
eremin2033 : i found the turning a little bit "soap like" but for everything else is awesome
manav ranjith : neat graphics good time passer awsome jorney through cities . 5 star for sure peaaaace
aaa sss : fun easy game, a little wild
donny tumbu prisakti : this game is incredible, so simple and really enjoyable
agn atik : controls are aweful... but everything is great
judd dublin : a bit too hard to drive, but all is good.
leaf : one of the best driving games ever 5/5
eve along : little adds and such smooth gaming i love it!
megan farrow : yes the animation is really good
sai kiran : one of the worst game i have downloaded ever and asks to pay money in the first go.. pathetic
anurag bhola : worst game ever played. control are too poor.
austin howell : good fun, drifting is a little wonky
amber linstone : great engine gameplay was fluid good for small teens
tinker : good game but to much mega bites make it less
suliman hassan : i like the game good graphics and good controls 5 stars worth it
heracles ruiz : that was awesome!!!!!!!!
sat pal sharma : stupid game, its like playing a game of year 2010. old & wastage of time
manahil asim : this game is so fun .... love it .. u guys have to try this game ... so fun ....
samantha lamonte : great game!! will get boring after a while but a good game to chill and play
logan pack : awesome game with a good art style.
saikat mondal : great gameplay ..the voiceover gets repitive.
space azura_ : this game is a great game just driving around trying to doge cars
cole hecht : one of the smoothest and best racing games i've ever played
bryan guzman : this is a great game and its awesome keep up the great work
iskandar zulkarnain : good game, need more map if u can.
anirudh : good graphics but the control sucks man
wolffe crowe : beware: contains ads and microtransactions.
keran sohail : great the cars are really out of traction but it's good
arcas : great game, challenging and fun.
prince joahnes eman : good game but need better controllers.
esteban asencio : it's pretty much a endless road of total awsome
intensez : i like this game, but the control is kinda hard. but still a very good game
liam scerri : great game, wish there were more options control wise
jesus carrillo : good game, well made, and best part no in game purchases
silly boi : sometimes cop chases you it's lags the game pls fix the bug
parshv joshi : i love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its like real life physics.
marcell szollos : fun, nice art style, but it's hard
jordan_ : i love this game soo much and the driving experience is amazing
rox_destroyer w : i love the game.
laura keegan : love the graphics keep it up
dmlpa506 : this game is cool i love the graphics and art style
kevin garcia : the game is really cool i wish that the car stop slipping around
dalton yeo : was wondering what does the pro cam do? i've been trying it out but i can't seem to find the difference between the normal cam. and it's been bugging me. hope someone out there can answer my question. but anyways great game nevertheless
imperatore : very cool. you should add a online mode
ben swolo : very cool game
a google user : this is awesome and best game good grafics and control
edwin sakala : it's awesome love the game play.. though it always eats my time
pio dumaliang : great. but fix the handling
omkar apandkar : i like that sound when you driving a car .
aarush kalra : the collision graohics could be improved
diane xerono : it's a pretty good game but the sensitivity tho.....it's nerve racking
ardean andana : easy and simple game love it
jadenblaze soriano : i love the game but i want more cop's and car's.
padmanaidu chaitanya : perfect game to chill. would recommend it to try it out just go for it !!!
the guy ry : it is very fun so far. i have been playing it two days now and i'm loving it.
_0xbadc0de# : overall a great game just to waste time
ashwin achu : it is good this is easy and hard and so funny
juan rodriguez : this games graphics are pretty badass for offline mobile game
j knight : not many ads, good game.
dirk duce : a pretty good driving game to kill time
harry weston : very good game, my faveroute, very good graphics
liam furst : really good game, good graphics
matin ghadimi : nice graphics while simple as posible
pln sastry : didn't start when i played it .it kept on turning off
afuranta das : improve the graphics quality..
john chael ortua : cool game, a kind of game that i wanted for leisure time
vikeshkumar : ok game but it is very difficult to control
ashton nicholas : it's good, almost no ads
tanissara chaonawong : nice graphic.easy to control
genesis torres : love this game
silverdash hd : i love it but the car can hardly stay still where we want it to be.
jx dante : the game is good... please add speedometer & horn .. good luck ..
super man : the best thing of this game is that we will get reward as we do destruction
gamer taco : i've only been playing for a little while but its definitely fun.
mahmoud hesham : graphics are very good
rish roy : good game, didn't like the controls.
kunal j : good grafics. controlls not that good
amanda smyth : its the best game because it takes practise and concentration to play!
player pro : do it as world wide need free roaming can go anywhere or it is a bored game
carolyne nyamusi : i like voice man but a four star rating and ads
vince c. damn it : fun and different from any other game, good stuff
huseyin duran : great fun. many many cars and game play
cezar stanciu : it is great!,but a bit too drifty
rick mackintosh : lots of ads but it's free
sunil singh : not working, stop wasting your time in installing this app
jorge chavez : fun and simple to play
kinng-petik lehlogonolo : i love it. good job family, can't wait to see more of this type of games
mohd zahrin : the game very nice but the control are so hard
travis lutz : commentary is alright.. good rhythm play..
anaya moody : similar to gta v in a way but its a pretty cool game
alexandru cicort : i love the game it's very creative
bima waskita : i just dont like control on this game, a little bit hard for me
mbali ayanda : kinda boring once you play it for long
g-dawgg n64 : really fun........... getting addicted minute-by-minute
hanh ha : cant play the game as my google play account. somehow it kept log in as another account
henoch seby : epic soooooo epic try this game
gregor mohoric : 30 second ads.
sr g : awesome game really enjoy a lot..
eli floyd : fun good graphics
no one : best game . graphics are so good.
havis kwok : fun game highly recommend, car guys will love it.
musaddiq bhutto : its very addictive amazing game to kill some time
yolo squad : fun to play and so many cars
jason ebenezer : not so good not at all getting opening. waste . i uninstalled . waste game
anthony sutton : simple game but takes a while to master
fareba asadi : this game is very exiting and it is a great game for all ages and it just (111mg) it is good .
priyam vaishnav : its good. not many ads
daniel taylor : great game good to pass the time i have not had a bad experience playing the game yet
wayne corbitt : reminds me of the older games it could use a gas pedal
carguy ## : excellent game i have a request please add the james bond car . 1963 aston martin db5
vedant dhumal : very nice game but the handling should be tweaked a little bi
ronit nootkhadi : the cars and setting you play in is good
asish kumar pradhan : enjoying playing this one. minimal and great
kim lenard abello : really great game the best i recommend this to ppl who have to wait for an hour
mohib rehman : nice and amazing game graphics are great
saul paxson : they should so you can steer with sensor
rakib islam : nice game. good graphic. 5 stars for commentators. hehe
simon lea : fun but steering takes getting used to
yaseen shalla : great fun and a simple but exciting game
martin montgomery : love pixel type games, this one takes the cake baby!
baurjan ibragimov : the graphics are amazing
jonas robson : in personally like it only one complaint, the adds i don't like them.
soumyajit das : great game. this should have been a editor's choice.
akinyemi feranmi : stupid game hard to install just frustrating.and for such small game having a big size .. wack
later gator : they have a special vehicle called the mailbox it's pretty hillarious to be able to drive it
ogi winanto : fun game, graphic, music is good
sovathana sophorn : this really fun and addiction game the most i have seen before. just request you guys game developer please try to updates a new road in angkor wat temple in siem reap, cambodia. i wanted to play it right now. thanks!
jayson hudson : one of the greatest car games ive ever plates keep up the good work dev
marshmallow vlog : very attractive in cars very cool never had ads
jason thomas : not to bad for a new game plays well for pixelbook.
moses a. : didnt know i'd enjoy a game like this great for short bursts of downtime
d b : trash controls, unplayable.
yosh 1806 : your game is very awesome. buy its too lagging
soar on : it's very addictive,i like especially the feint with the donut :ppp
krushna raut : need auto stimulation with screen rotation
hoff loff : nice and smooth graphics
stuart mcallister : fun for a quick spin.
kendra jolly : coolest game cool car games ever five stars love you guys see you later peace
vipul : awesome graphics, control
hash tag238 : this game is great and low how mechanics work.
amir malekahmadi : very nice! simple yet hard to survive :)
samuel gomez : great graphics. love it.
zxxz 7 : it is fun but not easy at all !
grizzly : good graphics and nice music
afrid mondal : game is definitely good but the control are very hard
landon flores : this a great game i love it becuase it looks like if its a drift game
brandon berzina : fun, a little hard to figure out
hussien alnemer : very good fun game nothing tobsay other than the adds
ree rur : please improve the control sensitivity
muhammad luqman : good experience driving, it's a lot of fun
gideon wotsa : the best game i ever played... very addictive and interesting.
a solo production b : the car could have better control
blake bosarge : it needs some work maybe more words better quality
anurag soni : it is not having motion control didn't liked the game
lonelykyle : the game is rally good but its hard when your getting far
sam korecki : very fun and easy to play would recommend
kwami madlala : well it a good game but the controlls a are bit hard to get used to
5aintblue ' : nice relaxing game .. fun to play .. every phone i get im having it installed..
angelkiller21 : decent driving game with fun controls
owen clifford : i gave it five stars for them because i overwellmingly get addicted to it and the games detail
irfan ulumuddin aziz : amazing and funny graphics..
shawn cadugan : i like the game but for some reason it won't start on my tablet
harsh kumar : good game for cars but its cars is driving slow
arthur fill : good basic fun, not complex which is good
apisat 43 : this is very fun but the handeling on cars is bad
tim verdonk : fun really fun and then not so fun but then fun again
dave salinas : fun game. controls are a little wonky
nathan fast : takes forever to upgrade anything. not a great game
joe delpopolo : cool game different and fun pretty challenging
josh joshuayoboyy : its a great small game! i love it :)
vijayant singh : very good game but needs some improvements.
elzever kapuwe : this game doesn't work on my infinix smart 2 hd
john valley : i easily find good games which gives me a challenge like this
freddie moore : i love this game
jamila daniels : i'm terrible and still manage to love it!
miles jones : not too many ads
louis quinney : good game, love all the car options
hilman mardiansyah : too much ads, thats make boring
s.p singh : cool game but controls are difficult
ruslan kim : fun game with nice cartoon graphic design.
darian aragon : cool game i love the speed and graphics.
jaelyn lowder : it's really fun and challenging at the same time
luqman hasya : very good for you that love easy casual mobile games
abhijith kathirolil : lots and lots of ads
madhu dath : great timepass, if you like to grind.
turtle irish : absolutely fantastic game. every update makes this game even better.
diogo pedro ribeiro : very fun game, good to pass time.
bill crane : simple game with limited adds
arshdeep sandhu : perfectly challenging and crazy fun
chen jiang : very cool art and gameplay !
ba ba boy : it's really good but i don't feel like i understand the pro camera.
afga pratama : the game keeps getting better with the new update! loved it!
ned lobos : love it great game that you can pick up and play
cristopher de ade : its just cool u could chill and play it when you dont have wifi
aidan aumand : the game is a 4 but the controls are a 1.5
kimiya may : it says unfortunately #drive has stopped and then it kicks me out
nfs rahman : very enjoyable! loved it!! you must try!
ibrahim rana : if this game was 20 i would still buy it. absolutely amazing.
jorge s. : beautiful cars and lots of drifting
sayd ali haneefa : steering controls also added add new cars also add racings tooo
ninja sfs : i like it more when the camera is some little close
oginga soro : the graphics are amazing
mogapi sedibe : i love this game
luis ballones : the game is good
roman joyce : fun so fun drive free graphics are good to
creators spy bd : good work..i like this game..but car selection is so bad
kaung si thu : everything are nice
jean goro : really great game !! very exited for the new updates!
kevin xu : great experience. hopefully more content will be added later.
ttvnub : this is a great game, but could be better with some more variety.
yudou : this is the best never ending driving games i played on mobile
geo joseph : the controls are very bad
terren smith : really fun!! would recommend to a friend
dile : i think they could work on the gameplay more and has room for improvement
adrian dinkov : great game. fun and stress free.
cerial game killer909 : fun good graphics and controls
anup gorai : very god game with good graphics.
archana gokul : it is a very nice game but it is difficult to drive the car
jennifer slusser : great game no ads ,addictive ,fun
leul gizachew : i wish it had more types of steering wheel the stirring will sucked
eddy nichel sousa : really simple and entertaining, i love this game
benson kamau : i hope in future we can have more camera views..that would be owesome.
mr.edwood de klerk : the totorial on the last stage you cant get the caps
jothiswaran v : very good graphics and more
syafiq duke : goooooooooooddddddddd! its a best game i ever play!
subodh murmu : i really love this game but the viewing distance is too not so good
wakko warner the nfsposter a.k.a danger banger. : the game is good the driving was sort of nice i guess
manzoor hussain : control are not good please fix the streaing control
theo zinos : bland gameplay with elements seen in every game.
programmer has : very impressive it has good controls nice thought
spaceship destroyer : best game to chill and play with cars and police chasing you
connor cooper : the controls are bad.
r c b : grate grafics and just a great game over all
emanuel ym : good but but 5 stars when you put in tilt mode
manzura nazarova : nice game for people who want to play for their records and who want drive
princeneo arrobang : its a very good game the graphics is insane
abbel gonzalez : simple and fun to play
xiodcrlx : nice looking game that comes with blurry legal agreement on personal data use
kk verma : epic but wider roads cheaper cars and turns?
abhishek dhakad : easily level and superb controller game
vansh gupta : very good but you should provide fps mode
ardz : great game on the go and it's offline#!
calvin fenteng botwe : this game is awesome but the controls are not so good
tristian stellato : this game is so fun and got lots of cool cars
tnt nl : easy to play and very fun.
randall mcgowin : pretty cool game
aman sonwane : graphics + aquiring new cars are good
jun macapagal : controls could be improved
muhammad umair : great effort, just didn't like the donut part. kind of offensive -1 star for that.
red pepper : i love this game just the ads
jason campbell : fun wee time killing game, still early days but enjoying so far
casper dzahui : super fun for hungovers while working
manish singh gurjar : its nice but it is difficult to drive
the man : art is good but repetitive gameplay
femi olowolayemo : love this game.could have been better if there was a tilt control
david price : it is very fun dridt and make it as far as possabl
aerodoc78 : not worth the ads uninstalled
wan jak624 : very fun, and almost challenging
alton gaming : best driving game.but please add more locations
ranjit paul : best game only give manual controls like accelaration
kiran bns : controls should've been a bit easier
siraj kasim shaikh : one of the worst games, editor's choice game, how
superspetsnaz 2255 : cool game, good graphics.
lordspedhed 69 : it fun to play while watching the office
mohamed mostafa : add some levels for this will make it better or some event's you can't left it like that
nikmuessi : i really loved it the graphics eberything is amazing
paul hawkins : this game is like a 3 year old child...... uncontrollably.
advaya s : awesome game so satisfying good job after playing all shooting games this relaxes me
sanjai 009 : it will be nice if it had a drifting mode
shubham choudhary : awesome-mind-blowing-fantastic-extraordinary-outstanding-etc. bole to #khatarnaak!
blass massawe : this game is good but it must improve in controls
darrell jackson : fun to drive. good way to pass time
a h : it is very hard and i cant even get past the 2nd town
aono tsukune : ads auto play.. so bad.
cheese tree : this game is so fun but the fun part is it is hard
rafael ferreira : too many intrusive ads
jason rees : surprisingly fun and addictive despite how simple the idea very challenging as well.
cartoonlad : super fun driving game about drifting through traffic and cops
mahmood aamil : addictive and best performance recommended for subway surfers lovers
jinroh 33 : fun game with a lot of car option
gabrijel jurasovic : this game is simply amazing!! and can you add a porsche?
ramil nemenzo : nice time killer and i love the art of this game.
nana addo : i love the graphics and the way you can drift
anolosto : recommended for people with the devices capable to play it
moorthy kanga : super game but installing so slow but this game is priiittttty..... so fun and normal game
jason croatto : ads are annoying.
narayan narayan : worst game ever played worst controls
atv rider : super fun and morenchallenging then you may think
kumaaran kamal : very simple and nice game to play
ricardo carreto : really fun to play and pass time
holocausto 69 : wish there was tilt controls, but still good
luke pangle : i wasnt sure at first but as i started to play i loved more and more
marko tausanovic : i have a starting problem... the game won't lunch for me.
tanmay goel : how to get "learn to drive power play "in level 6 is not mentioned.. so i suggest not to download this game!
ventipie tv : it's a great game to play when you need to waste time
rich higgins : awsome but adjust the controls
milima productions : it's not the best but not the worst. its easy and simple. thats why i picked it.
neil : the controls are very bad
gaming with yoboyfataki : this game is good and is amazing but i haven't go to a new level
ar7 777 : controls are kinda funky buy the game is fun
brachydactyly gameing : please add in a "1957 chevrolette belair"
rick conrad : this was a great game only i have paid for it and after the update they want me to pay again
travis beard : it runs like 20 fps and has terrible input lag on my s8+
albertus krisna : great game! nice graphic! enjoy it!
free milk jugs : its honestly a game that may seem trash but actually is great
osama ahmed : great! it is actually a game. great work guys. keep it up
bartek hyra : everything is really good, new updates makes it even better :-).
ashwini khede : add more unlockable things it gets boring
musicboyty1 : fun, difficult.. too many ads
rahul pokharna : fun but too many ads
rani bakka : really nice game and nice graphics
zvikomborero marime : nice game i have to say it's one of those very awesome silly games that are just amazing
tarik goyal : dashboard mode will bring the experience to another level
prabhat : very good game nice control and nice graphic
yaseen ilyas : great game developer. i recomend it to you. must play!
ahmed ishrak : now is my favourite game
alex sogari : realy cool game i love the graphics.
malhaar k : not bad. it's actually fun for when you're bored.
jacob : this game is so frustrating, yet i keep coming back to it!
jason allaghen : just started playing but it sure is a funny game.
steven baker : it's pretty awesome.. one heck of time killer.
vikram mistry : classic race game with bad controls!!
good gamer : very good game and nice graphics
ultimate : a lot better than subway surfers type games
kim khin : omg this ame is so great thanks for pixel perfect dude to make this #drive game
tirta andika : its very fun and its not laggy at all so thats one of my very favourite game
jyoti shukla : this game is superb and very challenging.i like this playing very much.
mercillina richard : its good but the brakes dont work very well
a google user : its so hard to tilt and they dont have a tilt control , i am so mad right now
neymar jr 10 : very good as new maps and cars
goura krushna sahoo - 39 : worst controls, no tilt option
cillian cowan : it's a good game. fun for when your board
bruno de sousa : incredibly fun! a hidden gem of play store
itachi uchiha : good graphics and its a good game
ashmit kumar sharma : game is very good but please give tilt control
a google user : awesome controls are to easy superb
yadu krishna : awsome game good graphics and feel good to play
iloevechicken : i cant open the game it instantly shuts it self down
mehdi kheybar : just download and enjoy
sandeep kumaran : one of the fun filled experiences and a hidden gem in the play store
cody owens : i enjoy the game very much. so. good job americanes
ben nicholson : the graphics are amazing
michael fielding : great fun and easy to pick up.
chris wade : fast loading and great graphics
peter : so very thrill. i love the app job well done to the developers just added some story modes and other maps and also online multiplayerthanks to you guys you made my day epic
samurai slayer : great graphica and controls
xavi .j : it is really fun but a bit hard
the oof king : great game just think there should be sharper turns
andrejeqq _ : no need for good phone, nice gameplay, non p2w
xavier lockett : great game to pass time or to play while your kids scream
supertrash : i had fun, the commentary could be better though. altogether a good game :^)
orlando leon : is a good game but the controls are hard to use
fe3rthe toaster : fun little ads good graphics
rajiv m : very nice, very simple, real fun game
roudoin ait taleb : just wonderful game especially graphics and playstyle
technical aditya naik : this game company should add more cars then it is good
allan poe rayray : best game ever and i love it thank you so much for making it!! #drive
moosa khan : nice game, my sons are happy , they can easily play it.
sandeep henry : simple, fun and good looking
kalayaan hasik : it's very good but it's hard to earn caps.
tristan stephens : by far the best mobile game that actual isnt just an adfest.
parag chitale : too much difficult and kind of boring.
a google user : good fun but a bit too repetitive
cody waldron : good controls is farmy but still really good
piyush yayati : one of the best sweet and simple game
aaron dokmanovic : this game is extremely fun on controller and there are barley any add
maximilien van vuure : a very simple and polished game, i really like it
waferwofer : pretty chill game to play when you get bored.
pushpa dhaka : nice game with lot's of different cars
rick t : lots of ads overly repetetive gaming
firdan : simple gameplay, awasome graphic
mrrusho : so bad sounds quality and poor control
ore drakulic : good game but historyc cars, really!
hugo castellon : good contorls, nice graphics!
valentine emmanuel : definitely recommending the game it's very interesting one quite fun
akkim roopesh : game is addicitive but controls are somewhat laggy
andy plummer : too many intrusive ads
bawla58386 golf : not the best, not the worst.. i'll play a bit more.. see what i can u lock..
walkingskull gaming : game is really good and i just wanted to say that if controls can be mor better
ben claeys : this is a great game but the break mechanics are weird
maaz rahman : simple button for brake will be much helpful
doublestuff 1938 : very fun and a good game to play as a time waster
m!lan sharma : great need some more control management
cesar ferreira : the game is amazing but add a map please it is good
sebastian s. : its very cool and easy to drive
elvis triumphant : we need more control setting for the game
yeetifyrs _ : all you'd ever want in a free offline mobile racing game
michael gunn : game is cool steering is a little funny
punith a n : the game was too good.but there are only 20 levels
jennifer nolan : it is good but it is kind expensive to upgrade.
mikee d : game is suck because the control of car is so hard
naufal fawwaz : please add tilt steering option!
souvik dey : an addictive game.... really nice..didn't thought it would be so great...
raphael bikyoraa : please add some opponents
abdul latief : drives without brakes, crashes, repeat
gario ghost : i love this game i love their driving skills i love the way to fill petrol and take donuts
shubh kangsha banik : good graphics, heart winning comments and more...
bhavan patel : sound/music is too bad slow mo
vivek sharma : without so much ads it would have been 5 stars
rambelash yadav : this game is good for fun but in the have not starring contol please uptade soon
saru sarangan : it's an amazing game with cool graphic
aissam alilouch : good to pass time wish u can win post cards and money faster
ghost smoke : dis game is bare addictive for wen your bored and wann pass time
sambhajoy reang : it's awesome and nice tiny road trip game i like it very much
christian youth association cya : its kinda cool but...it needs some fun.....
jay louis : lots of ads but you can update
muhit pias : i love it. i really enjoying the gameplay.
hey art : its good but is to hard to go to the applegreen
kourosh alinezhad : hard but is funy and you can play this game in very hour
chris m : no issues excellent game for passing the time
faisal reza : not as thrilling as pako, but this one is more endless runner-y
michael nelson : did not try this game yet ok but or will we able to anytime soon
shadow gamer : i love the game
mainul islam mazumder : good game and it's tasks are very easy
kabilar g : control of the steering very very poor
derek mansfield : kinda boring and controlls are bad.
sefa senlik : very well optimized, funny game.
rajesh kumar : so satisfying, very relaxing no complicated concept
vector 1414 : i enjoy this game alot it reminds me of traffic rush
jhon brown : the cars are old but cool #rive are cool
azy jonce : inspirational game with best graphics
teotallyongjin : very fun very easy to waste time
joe 2000 : enjoy playing but need more maps
gourab hazra : relaxing superb graphic time pass game
c_a_nn_o_n_bolt 2001 : super graphics and control
justin lesiali : awesome add a rainforest track where monkeys can be spotted
greg 5646 : would be awesome if you could add a volvo (maybe amazon or 244) and a ford transit mk.1!
morb ohcak : the game is great but better with multiplayers to play
mitulmitdip : it is well game but adds you need to improve that.
kaustav majumder : utterly bad graphics and lagging
kyle bothma : like the game alot its hard in the begining but jou get use to it
marvellino gracia z : good game, but please add a brake.
michael owens : perfect game to relax to.
micah riad : love the ui all around great game
nathan collin : nice and progressivly difficult
youssef atia0289 : they must improve the controls
tanna francis : good game but controls are finicky but still good
dhritiman baishya : nice game. would like an indian location.
shack shine : osam game nice control graphics and sound
marcus adonis : really fun game, i recommend this to everyone who enjoys a cool game on the go
youtuber ? : this is the best game ever so nice car is good and you all have to download this game was cool
juan jaquez : needs multiplayer racing mode!
mjm nifras : it's suck worst game ever it's controls are hard and it's make anger
juned sheikh : the game have great fantastic graphics
josh l. : super fun! great for passing time
nuwe nivien : the game is gr8 buh would be better with tilt control
imnotnorthenbg pubg to : 5 star but you have to change the drift redius and controls
jolly abraham : #good graphics and smooth game luv it!
syamala tadikela : nice game to play if you love retro cars
imanfal1 : it's a pretty good game. just so fun to let the time pass.
vindd : hey im dean and rendy is my mom i like u game but u need to fix u game why because i cant get in the game went i want to get in and automatik get out could u fix the game again?
ashkan keramati : its nice for a while gets boring after a few hours
cool meme man : meh a pretty good game but, a hard game to you need some practis on this one.
carson inglis : this is amazingg one tip is to add more diealog and different voices
karzai wiram : i just love cars and when they drift omg i love it
chris okello : it's a game worth spending your free time on..
twisted and lean : fun little games for boring situation
a google user : you need to add a break just in case of over speeding
ray butler : simple enough easy game play
limna seby : so epic so cool doooooo yoouuuu know it is pretty fun
jose jarvikuona : amazing 50s to 80s cars and stylish driving.
sarita kumar : this is a very good game with very good graphics
patrick kehoe : good simple idea of a game that's fun
loco4candy : very fun game, good graphics
r : audio is garbled and slow on my oneplus 7t
david hendricks : perfect...prices of cars could be lower
amit kumar : great graphics and really good game
yuvraj khakra : best but this volume is down and low
cranston dmello : cool funkey graphics animated pass time game love it
assured ghost11 : this is a good game but plz ad spme street customisations like spoilers that be cool
pouya nazari : hi game the entire game varies the diversity of the land and ...
sazman haml & naghl : upgrade,fresh,speaker,nostalgic,travelling over the world
bleazyyt : really fun not to hard but not to easy
j sathish : nice game .. just now installed and uninstalled for the annoying adds
jefferson doria santos : nive game . this design is very nice!
the pro gamer 666 : amazing game very addictive must try at least one plse
zappy : not bad .. controls take a little getting use too
a google user : #drive is superb game,nice gameplay,,,that's all....
elijah mendoza : enjoyable gamee! nice hd graphics!
urvi mehta : awsome game with great graphics
janjan playztv : a cool game and it has real cars like a ferrari!
anamika sayee : smooth and fully loaded fun
super su : its a good game but little hard to control
robert : basic, fun if you're bored.
jonathan belman : fun, free, and addictive.
kris metha : frustrating game.difficult to control
damien falu : fun to pick up and play
suraj dongre : good game thanks progress game and improvement's good is good
amer nasrizal : cool game. way more fun than you would've thought!
karthick j : awesome controls. i really love this game
mustakimahmed sinha : smooth graphics,cool tracks
edean kyaw nyein : love it . smooth driving.
karthik mk : hard to control,crashes immediately in the start
alex voinea : a simple and relaxing game
shailesh kumar jha : nice game nice graphics nice cars overall nice
richard : why does this app need access to my personal data and my google drive account? to sell my info, right? how about you make a decent game release a demo and sell it instead of our data.
redviper playz : awsome graphics and awesome gameplay
bruv : this game aint not that bad but it could have a spin daily
manjunath e : super duper game and it is little hard
michael. garcia : awesome game, just add more maps asap
se cza : technically really well made game. unfortunately it's not for me but you go dude(girl).
malek skull : nice and easy game, thats the kind of games i like i really had fun in this game
shahir ishmam sakeb : i love the game. but i think its a bit too hard.
benedict mazie : nice game with nice classic cars
aaron : ah yes, a relaxing good game, now add multiplayer racing
mohd. iftekharul alam emad : loved it.loved new updates.give more updats and more countries. good luck
kristan dale belamia : aesthetic game with good mechanics.
josiah lor : great game that makes delicious cheesy pizza!
o v o : haven't played yet but that ad was epic.
brodie lewin : ads just for playing.
murtaza suterwala : love it ,great graphiccs ,just amazing
martyn mckenna : great little game to pass the time
romina ahmad ali : just an amazing game. one of the best mobile games. better than pubg
anjana sharma : it's very addictive. can't stop playing.
ansha : the graphics are superb
manda khedkar : very good game but it's control are poor
reslee ilagan : unlocked every level, done playing.
rnniemgii : it's fun! but i cant load my progress on my other mobile
kriesna christ : so classic. i love it. easy to play. you must try this game.
ayush singh : good addictive game for leisure time pass
vivek ranjan : 1st car has worst control ever.. i have played on a game
qids zero : very consistent game and runs smoothly
gangwei ho : fun game with nice graphics
l n : very nice graphics very addictive
nithish shriram : good one with massive graphics
thabiso kabelo : this game make my mind be peaceful and my vision strong for car games
donga sivaji : excellent game please add cookpit camara,love the graphics
emmanuel ojobor : very nice game... but the control is hard
andrew herrera : its really cool i love driving the ae86 like car its really cool
martyn kay : controls are awful . didn't waste much time before i deleted it tbh .
henrik hakobyan : please fix the camera, it gives me a headache everytime i make a turn
mc cecix : its a great game.... also a great time killer. :)
aio : only problem with controls
joseph reilly : fun game really like the drifting feature
san : feels retro but in a good way
nickz 1 : this was the best game to play in online classes 10/10
mrkevman : boring and too hard.
imperial power electromechanical works llc : olden times game good but plsss make daily reward so we can gwt moeny easliy every day 40k
candace hightower : its really good and has high risk keep it up!
jamiah wesley britt : love the game
israel mutiso : boring... i downloaded it twice but refused to play
vahid alvandi : poor game play and control. do not worth even a bit waste to download
shinoj valsan : amazing graphics..and never bored
khurram mazhar amir : fun game best endless cross country driving game i know
savage x : cool game controls are kinda hard
pranoj dm : worst app ever! you gotta make in app purchase to even play this game. worthless
that weird guy 21 : pretty good controls and good gameplay
kamron : steering could be a bit better
marcos charalambus : this is the best drift game i've ever played.plus it's like a role play game
illnest : pretty cool game when you need to kill time
sam purvis : i think i get a free car for doing a review. great game
ladson monteiro : controlling is very difficult this has to fix plz don't waste your data
tejas margi : nice game and good graphic.
jesus martinez : fun, easy yet challenging
el bogy : its graet game u can play it anytime and its so funny
all things garvey : this game is very good i like that my passenger is talking you really need to keep it updated
prathamesh more : really good game. i just keep playing for hours.
manjunath navada : the best car enthusiast based casual game ever!!!!!!
lukemaduct 11248 : great graphics and gameplay
issam khalaf : it's hard to drive, but it's a fun game to play
heinderich potgieter : good game like new update i got me an controller to play the game so fun can't wait for new update thanks
santosh . m : waste game. controls are not at responsive.
rahul bali : not good experience. cant clear tutorial. stupid game.
joy : pretty good aesthetics and fun time killer
janet nginyo : the game looked fun but it rifused to work on my phone
tom walker : a very good game but the currentcey needs to be abit higher
wonder volt : good graphics poor controls
chandra sekhar : graphics should be improved
cordrick sago : great way to pass the time offline.
lucky ananta : superbly addicting and fun to play
scarred sunburn : i love the drifting so much its very fun lol
henry : great graphics and gameplay
daniel perry : amazing game, updates are getting better and is just something i will keep
aquila ziddah : it's super fun for when you are bored
dakota bullock : great lots of customizations.
sai dhiraj : improve the controls please they are really worst
dane dane : some things coud be fixed but overall its a good game
radovan spiric : great at all graphics controls concept
abhiram abhirenjam007 : nice game good graphics cowboy mood nice..
lena fehr : really needs a brake and a speed
liu wong : bad controls. not good.
blake miller : no lagges and not that many ads
isaiah elliott : it gives very little adds and is very well made
lance diga : nice game and awesome but it can improve more
subhradeep bhattacharyya : i have played lots of raceing game probably this one of the best in that small size game.
luke cleal : very entertaining, cars are cool
red exile : i like the game very much! it's a very smooth running game
yashraj patil : nice game should work on graphics
elias : great game. although, it does get boring after awhile.
ruby wilhelmi : the controls arent the best but three stars is alot to me lol
supercraft 64 : very cool little game, i recommend it for everyone.
cameron bender : very fun but can be very hard
angelo ortega : controls are a little wonky. fun
isaiah gabriel : its really great controls r easy
carl nestor : very simple and fun
levian battal : bad cotrols and sensitivity makes you wanna uninstall the game, like i did.
kingsely nesarajah : good game like the clear graphics
joni lindfors : this game forces you to watch ads in order to play.
muhammad khalis : this game was so cool but it have many ad so i give 4 stars
ace0708 : its homestly the best for just killing time
rajkumar khanna : nice game...help u to focus. thumb up
bobby angelo bilao : i gave it 4 stars so that the devs will develop it more. i love this game!!!
sn playlists : its fun for a mobile game, good time waster
banzai charge : hope there is a intersection where u can turn left and right
shahbaz sanim : a good games, i love the theme, masha allah. keep up and may the almighty allah bless you
getnerfed kid : this game has you max out "coolness" before you actually play it. not worth your time.
ngwanamankwana bosebjadi : i like this game it's a great game easy to play it's cool that why i'm giving it 5 stars
furious j : vwry good graphics and control,superb game
cak resek kharisma : thanks for fixing the game. now it could run in my device.
evil patrick : its a nice game but controls are hard
daniel silva : addicting. thank you, very cool
ayudh das roy : i think it's simply awesome! that's all you need to know.
rithin chintu : controls are more hard
john herbert : good more cars and levels
arastoo abasi : suggestion: would you please show number of the coin that we getting during the game?
aalbey r joseph : i loved all cars in the game and the game is awesome
cristian villela : a simple game but really addictive
kishor makhodia : very good gaming experience. thank yoy for the game.
m 479 : nice but could use coolness widebody kits
shudhashekhar das : love the graphics . . its classic
sneaky walrus : good game but needs more levels
timea timea : very good but add in a ranking systum
naveen sharma : very bad control ....this game is worst game i have ever played before..
arturo guerrero : great art game and nice old school gameplay
truckhost : super game for me because high graphics smoth in low end devices
steven bair : ehh it's a ok game. kinda hard to drive in it.
youwantacheezeburger : it's a fun game. i haven't had any troubles with this game. 5/5 stars
arnold mwanganyi : very interesting game.....loved the whole vintage wise gameplay
chag clips : this is one of the best car game i played it is very relaxing
mage games : really fun and simple
miguel victor gabo : interesting game, imagine 1st time dark souls without any idea.
venkatesan v : hi the game is really nice intuitive
unidentified gaming : good but controls are hard
elia mwakimonyile : i've downloaded it but i don't play at all, when the game want to start it just exit
elijah unashamed : fun and i love the art style
mike townsend : i adore this game its so much fun. keep up the good work
andrew gibb : this game look cool and nice and it look funny then i thought
ayush samanta : the best graphics offline game i ve played ever best game liked it
saurabh pandey : its good, though handling could be better!!
nipun jayasinghe : good. low in size but can enjoy
felicia phillips : its good graphics.
bagus salahudin : good game, but the control is heavy
evan cacomanolis : fun once you get used to how the mechanics
drake chalker : really fun and simple
terence gatt : chill and relaxing but needs more spice as it will. get boring after a while
lucas palamara : such a great game. if your looking to get it, get it!!!
naman lehri : its just so fun to play. i could play for hours
vernon henderson : love this game and all it has to offer adrenaline rush
akshat shrivastava : @typicalfish seems you are just a noob with a garbage mobile, u need to adapt yourself to the game. and i am not with the developers or anything.
kateregga solomon : so wonderful, love the graphics
chris : i don't play phone games a lot but this game is really fun
derik keet : its an awesoem game thanks bit more feathers but its cool
mystic reubini : aw some graphics and really fun game
deepak k : f..king controls why they didnt add a tilt control
severine paul : filed with only ads
adrian sam seno : love gameplay and the graphics its so amazing ;)
mahedra gopal : the game is very interesting so that i can play lot make more such that please
pdia879 : i like the graphic. not so bad. enjoyable game
mack louis : handling can be better besides that , the games great
cagr dascan : very bea iful grafic design and good gameplay
aditya nath : nice game and a good way to do time pass
vaibhav dabwal : good game too many ads tho
tridip kalita : only the controls are peculiar.......
callum harmer : adictive and it never gets boribg no matter how many times you play
albert peter : really nice nd smooth graphics
jaahnavi bh : noice but controls is hard..
rathead : love the art style love the gameplay sooo good
m. shahriza rijadi : very addictive! been playing this for 12 hrs straight
wilfred bedford : its a little confusing but kinda neat
im at google : good game, easy controls
brant picasso : very good game except for laggy controls
hachi roku : nice graphics though the controls are wacky
voidz : wish it had multiplayer,then i would be able to prove that i'm better at this game than my opponents
fuji-san! ? : pretty good game just increase rewards is all
chizo : pretty good. nothing to say. maybe add canada one day
robert matheny : so far i like it but has the potential of making me love it great game
nick corbin : very good driving game to pass time
vlk sick : nice game graphics 10 control 10
david ubersteuernen : had to pay just to be able to play this game properly.......
william : it's not a bad game easy to pick up and play.
traci ruhl : it fun and it has good grafics
indu devi : good game but not have nice graphics
farrelys : this game is good maybe add multiplayer mode i like this game so much
donnie lighto : had alot of fun playing it , really fun game 5 stars
a google user : its a good game but a little hard to control
gods of wolfs : its alright but needs a bit of more work in it
mohamed abd el-salam : paid game quality + free to progress
valentin finozzi : beautiful and hypnotic, great details.
sky anthro : i love it! thanks for adding the crx ^-^
aditya rathore : something is wrong with audio of the game its not clear
krish kher : brilliant game to pass the time
g-24-tharun.s : graphics is excellent
zumar hanif : this game has a stupid controls it's terrible, it has no gyro control aswell
max turbo : it's good but the physics aren't great
prathivana ram : relaxing and simple.
egg ._. : best free mobile game ive found in the past year
shiva mahat : nice game it's make kid's happy it may be more better by your hard work i appreciate your work ...
aman juyal : for me it was too difficult to control the car
dragos toma teodorescu : is a very good game, the idea is nice and graphics are nice too! :d
tom putnam : i'm thoughly enjoying it and was surpised at how well made it is.
vasu 8th-f : best but hard hard when you grow
vadivel hitler : worst game ever played. it's simply waste of time
brayden tam : can't describe this game is a bit addictive if you used to it
ganga netam : this game is good good graphics good steering
tyler fernandez : quality, not many adds.
aguilar : awesome! addicting and nice little game..
sasi rekha : i like the game and it is great and very wonderful game i like the experience
aaditya tiwari : very nice game so install it super good control trustworthy & fruitful game
ahad arain : why is every game crashing on my tablet that i download omg.....just fix the damn game
just kicking : really fun and some cool cars
jacob robinson : damm this is amazing wish i had jdm cars in it and city maps pls
ben flavell : great little game for casual & hardcore gamers
clay johnson : it very fun and good waste of time
dutch : improve the graphics a bit please...
flynn taggart : very nice game if you have time to waste waste it on this app
taras prystatsky : extremely stylish and smooth game
it's narendran : very classic and addictive game.
joseph pirelli : good physics, very.challenging
elias javier : soooooo fun and technical. pretty funny too i love ot
jacob s. : game won't open on the galaxy s9+.
ajay pullemala : i always play this game whenever it feels, lazy...
heyit'shenry : really nice, even though i'm not a fan of racing games!
sitarani mohapatra : very good controls snd graphics
phantom dragon : it's really fun great for killing time
gilang sastrawidjaya : this game is so simple yet so addictive! love it!
ahmed lotfy : bueatiful grafics but no gyro steering and controls suck
reid baxter : crashes right at opening.
douglas hoyos : fun game and cool graphics!
abhishak dhar : good but controlling is very hard
rafi latief : more maps and more japanese car
cisco jugo : forced me to rate it after just a couple minutes playing.
stefanus harefa : this game is good. i have made video of this game. check my channel stefanus harefa on youtube
charlie nason : this game is great it is also a great time consumer
ocelot sf : game lost my progress after 2 years of not joining in
sai subham routray : this is a very amazing car drifting game
vishal khandate : goog graphics and algorithms .
demon soldier : too many ads wth
sonia toppo : nice controls, it was very fun playing this game
priyanka p : amazing story. im just so good at this game.....
menchavez t v t : this is a great game!!!!!! i highly recommend it ......didn't expect it to be this good...wowwww!!!!.download it right now if your reading thissss!!!!!5 star for me....love it.....
redvsbul 1 : i love this game it's a little hard at first but once you get yust to it it's good
pavan cs : best game with coolest graphics
ro'is bichram : this application is statisfying.... i can play it relax thanks
ron m : more ads than gameplay
leena mohanty : its very addictive.you should give it a try.
invincible cat : it is the best game i've ever played and i watched the video it was super funny. 5 stars
chofe : i just rated it 3 stars cuz it wont let me play until i rate the game..
azrael evins : pretty challenging overall a great game
dimitur velev : love it. cars look great!
silviu apostol : pretty fun racer with lots of content
monica botucatu : not a a game, just adware/money sucker
adfgh wffgf : its an amazing game hats off to them no wonder they got editors choice
junior edwards : the game is so lit..a mean i cant describe the feeling of the game..i would rate 1000 stars
ayananka dutta : please keep updating the game regularly with new stuffs
leeron abaca : good gameplay and one of my favorite cars are here
peppermint : perfect game to waist time
i got the shitsuma : very good game i like the art style.
chris emmanuel malaca : add more cars and map put some set of wheels
tahir ahmad : i had a wonderful experience help with stress to
rubaiyat rahman : this game has so much chance but they ruined it. it finishes even before it starts
sahil shukla : end game. i recommend this game to all gamers. very addictive game.
joseph duncan : maybe and upgrades to each car
chumesh bhasakhetri : i am play this game. this is very good and this game control is easy
ashwin barik : please add no cars in zen mode. please
tim hook : fun, good progression system
kyle weintraub : this is the best gamr if your looking for something to do.
eugene enslin : good graphics just need turns
10_a_rohit chavan : not like the controls at all
sakib m dee : very baad and hard game one an only boring
michael gulliver : fun and easy to play
gunsack : there's no ads and it's a phone game that's all i gotta say
vikas : very nonsense game. poor infrastructure.
sarita kumari : its too fun and i like the voice
tabita karjee : this is good game but the control is viseble pleas slove this problem
lilwrld : good game with great graphics
ahmad fahrurrozi : good game, i hope in the next update add tilt control
indenial : a really fun game so far. keep it up.
colin taylor : really fun but the shop is took expensive
nick hamilton : fun game but when i reviewed the game i didnt get my free car i was promised
chaitanya kishore : good game with best graphics
todi nikkoly : fantastic. music, atmosphere. awesome
aqsin sulxayev : good game but car control very hard
rinkal panchal : nice game but you must add more dialogs
basyl bryan : its a wonderful game for being just' driving.
sabab m. alam : great game, aesthetics are really good
janet kent : great blocky graphics.
saisanu kishore : a super duper game slightly boring but its a good game
alex hislop : beautiful, simply brilliant!
christian q. encierto : good game. but the controls is hard for me
brandon robinson : good game so far can work more on controls
avishek gupta : very addictive..but really a classic
aman kumar : love the starting music !!!
yahyaa shaikh : woahh a good game a bit tricky but well made and sooo simple
reshmi ramanan : tilt should be a option in the controls
jashwanth prabu : nice but controls are little bit
dima aleksich : very addictive , seems pretty free so far
isak alvegran : really satisfying driving experience
kate kivi : trash i connot even change ftom zen mode.
peter uche : the app keeps crashing, i don't know why
baka baka : the game is good but i dont like the controller
korteks visceralzen : thank you for supporting a game pad!
shadow_chris : it's like i'm back at the classics and it's fun to play
ravindranath chowdary : we have to stick with this steering alone which is frustrating
fahad khan : very intersting game and 4 level is not her make this game is awosme
andrew marsh : it's really fun i don't think it needs to changed
flyde : good time waster simple yet fun
no name : great design, horrendous control
krysia m : honestly ,what a game this is,it's absolutely amazing. :)
dave herault : good game just good love the feel and.how it keeps me busy and gives me a.challenge
mike smith ii : really fun game once you get the hang of it.
vedant varma : not good driving controls
carlos mojica-escobedo : i didn't like it, good graphics though
alex turner : cool too many ads tho
savage king : more controls would help
black mamba : lots of cars and a good game over all
karl owen boholano : good quality graphics
rj marrow : it's all about the luck really and yeah it's fun
dont hack : its super awsome car collection game. but i tried to cheat it so i got bord
patel dhruv : nice but after playing daily it's feelboring
nokuzola ngcobo : boring no actoin its wack how are things going on in the background and i don't think it's going well for you and your business you can do that for the first time in a long time
nizar aquil : enjoyable game good graphics nice idea
connor dockery : great game just if it let us go more off road it would be the best game
omar shaikh : it's good. there like few currency types.
nokia : fun and simple game.
lonzo kuzma : the game sucks and the controls are so bad
dislosad erarer : great game its a bit hard but even addictive
woodland hamilton : a nice game to waist time during the day.
alex : very good game! but i lost my progress... (
carneljr faulkner : i like the free map and cars.
a google user : the game is fine tho i which you could change your car
demir.a : best casual driving game on google play store.
pickles 111 : turn on so lofi an just drive at most one of the best driving games^_________^
dexter : the controls are not that good.
virus x : this game is so great , can you pls add tilt control
boran er : nice relaxing game not that easy nor that hard
manu g nath : controls is not well...
sanjib das : nice game with good graphics
mongezi mgidi : it is a amazing game but i don't know how to breakdown the speed
riley begaye : it's a good game it has good graphics
jaimes fernandos alves : good but i think there should be more customisation options
jamal terrance : great game simple smooth entertainment
ethan hughes : good game, i like the choice of cars
yankees life : very good game not pay to win love it please make good updates!
bojan novakovic : way too hard. not too interesting
reave shepherd : great game, nice graphics!
akchiche arab : you must add free controls like move the break boutton
sina darvishi : please ad new map very and ad multilayer goooooooooooood
luc mondoux : too many adds. controls are iffy
jaydeb mahato : totaly a fun ,enjoy and racing game
samux : there is no control adjust option
athariq akbar : realy fun to play, and relaxing
richard ramirez : this game is fun and addictive. i'm personally into drifting and this definitely hits the spot when i gone off that private reserve top shelf dank. in fact i have the dankest buds in town, you know i'm around when you smell the stickiest if the ickiest. item 9, nahsayn? cinna sticks only, no jay's, we ain't whizkalifa out this mother, i'll tell you what.
william richards : i love the physics and choice of many cars
sridevi appari : nice game we can also developed from the google play service
chanvong nget : to many ads
johnny bm : super addicting, nice controls
froztfox 02 : i love this game like a was deja vu and have ae86 good game
harsha draws : nice but controling performance is less
nkosana junior : developers have upgrade to latest vehicles
killjoy123 fromyoutube : this games is so cool i like this car games please create a new game
hasiru chamika : not so cool raining ads
ed the red : the physics are horrendous!
tristan laten : it's probably one of the best undiscovered game out there!!!
kahlil gibran : cool game... a bit hard but fun
robert lopez : really fun, comical style
nishchay phatak : goo game..but it's a little to pointless..great to just waste time on.
june marie : pretty good. don't much care for the pro camera
kim anderberg : just great, easy and fun
sourabh gharde : addictive game with good graphic abd controled
wade mcgarvey : very fun car selection is sooo cool
melinda jacobs : its a fun game but also very hard
antisocial lad : awesome game and it's super easy to play
siva swaroop : good one with cool graphics
p0tat0 buddy : nice graphics but reapitive gameplay
nate sieler : supreme game pretty fun, can play for a cool minute its pretty lit a-1 sauce fs
bayraabilgee baagii : this is really cool game i like it it gives cars i like this
dandcool : yeah it was illegal for me not to 5 star this i'm having too much fun (nice time farming caps in zen lol)
hifaz tm : good but some ads
yurie c. sebastian : great game but is so hard to turn but its fine
fazila :d : nice graphics nice vehicles nice....
mr. youtuber : graphic and game is awesome
conall : the app won't start (moto g6 plus)
t sk8er : this game is so much fun, and i've only played it for 30 minutes
chucky nunchucks. : great and relaxing, i'm definitely not a bot!!
jason superdock : just a whole lot of casual fun. well done.
kirby thomas : this game is percent awesome...i totally recommend it to everyone.
bengia ray : i love this game great graphics really love it
badass foxer : lots of fun and thrilling gaming experience
christian gichane : this game is awesome so far there no levels all the haters don't trash talk this game
giwrgos kefallinos : best game and i only playing it for like 20 min. i have no words
john livia : fun!!!! but a little bit confusing
fani bacsi : i dont get it. is the game where basicly the main thing is drive slow???
mamata jena : one of the creative games i have played ever.
russell madanhire : grt game but hey the roads are too narrowsheeeeesh
thelian nunez : great game, the music is good!
someone : it was a nice nastalgic and retro feeling
steven gill : 30 second ads? not worth it
the roasted memes : so far loveing it but if its possible make it multiplayer
jalandoni almuete : little option on car maneuvering
freddie salim : well worth money spend in games. buy your dream cartoon car
nikolas marosfalvy : i love this game i like the poly stile and the games physics and
cemal cemil : very fun games and i like the style of the game
faizal ishak : better if with more sensitif movement
ed heller : good graphics fun forever driver
mahendra p sopaheluwakan : great one ill change it after i play it for few more days
lohith briznath : never came across a game like this!! keep up the good work
juan govea : game is very fun and challenging
thierry williams : you should add tilt steering in the game
someone 1 : to many ads
mikael : amazing,i like this game...so download for your happiness.
daniyal chaudhary : classic game.. owesome idea and good executed...
lungelo nzama lungelo nzama : i don't know why but the game keeps crashing on my phone
derek roche : good game so far graphics are cool
vicky sahu : graphics are very good
altin kamberi : its fun but little hard
jordan mclaughlin : fun game but it really hounds you to give it a rating
gabriel clausen : i like the game it's fun and a good time passer
thunder hawk : amazing game only small brain people will hate this game
jason moodley : puss game crashed as soon as i downloaded it . i rated this as one cause there is no zero here
syed suddais : this game is extreamly good and exiting oh man keep it up make games like this
rashid siddiqui : graphics are ok but veryyyy amazing game
pradeep satija : it is a excellent game but their should be some improvement
alex stk : its a very good game but the control is very clumsy
nulungery #1 : its ok its the controls that to be fixed
ayoub : too much ads
mr_pickles : its a great game for anyone i enjoyed it so much an it also have updatas great game
dyas adiyaksa : easy and fun to play
axel pereyra : cant play, the game crashes
jolie kubota : its fun but its so hard to grinde
rudra raja bundela : not working in my phone please do something samsung galaxy core 2 but i am rating 5 star
tank w0rrior : good fun game to play when you are bored
generic youtube channel : great game, plus the devs are active. 10/10
nora ibishi : nice too many ads tho
cusco othriyas : one of the now (unfortunately) rare polished games out on the mobile market today
ridham jain : wrost game. controls are not good .
mark matunga : best game but you could try to make it better but i'll give it a 5-star
nilay : it's not working after new update...
asad hussain : we've desert,snow,beach,field and city! please add jungle and rain environment! i love to drive in rain plz plz plz
nhlanhla joy : awesome graphics, love it
matt george : good fun but repetitive.
ivaylo ivanov : nice game, nice graphics
woofle waffle : this game is everything i've been looking for, great job developer.
nibin k varghese : liked it !! it's smooth!!
royal guard : seems a really good game, i'm trying it and it seems great!!
fayadh umar : a great game to play when your wifi is down and whan its up
xii-s3 kishore s : this is a shity game... don't play rhus game ... controls are not nice
will berry : fast pace game play makes it a good got nothing to do game good work
bremizz : great game doesn't make alot of sense but still cool
cooper d : so easy to play and very fun!
akshay : best car game played ever must try this one time
grandpa seal : fun... but also download was 69.69 mb so extra star
maximus goodwin : great game really fun and simple.
abdul wahab : very good game simple and fun.
portablebox : fun and simple.
spaceknight : great game! all i want is mods for the cars.
chris miller : it is fun to drive. i could play for hours.
blac pathar : the game is good but it needs some debugging
oluwafikayomi olanbiwoninu : i love the weights it gives the different cars
avero : pretty fun and challenging
soumya mitra : the game was overall good but after sometime it gets bored...
mikey o'shea : very fun and a great passtime i would defentley reccomend
midhun jjk : nice game but it's hard to control
vince cronk : this is the perfect chill game. im having a blast so far!
saurabh : didn't come out as expected, should have more control options.
seth brown : the game is one of the best put together games on mobile all around grate game
marshmellow lord2 : it was fun and i didn't run into any problems.
andrew domadius : pretty fun and challenging
adarsh pandit : it's really to play when you're bored
sodeeq shittu : the upgrades reflect so much that's a good one
kamran rai : it's a perfect offline gam3
twister : great looking and very addictive game(play).
mr p : i had so much fun playing this game. also, i shared it with friends.
siddharth thosar : nice game but u need improve but its cool
soyboy senpai : i love it good for freetime and lounging
supersonic413 : super fun and a great time waster
kira sato : the game is amazing ngl. i definitely recommend downloading it :)
william divine : fun, but im not sure ill play for very long
bayron calles : controls are wonky but fun game
bill wake : perfect! (would kill for a new map though)
suraj jed : the graphic are very good
the killer : good game we are waiting for new importants updates
tyler : very fun and helps kill time
dice_productions : very easy to get the hang of
alexander dejanovic : a really well made little car game
katikala prashanth : add multiplayer for good gaming experience
raka aqila rabbani : very, very, very nice time spender
savita shenoy : very nice app very friendly and nice
althaf atthaillah : the control was amazing. its a cool game
king queen : good game but incrase the graphics pls
zhawn1337 tv : really nice addicting game if you know how to play
carlton josh saturno : finally, some quality driving game
alton c : its perfect great for realeving stress
sudhakar lal : lots of advertisements
bruce wayne : its a calm and good game if youre stresst
raman kumar : worst game there is no controls..
stay why : is really relaxing to just drive around
demon : i have never played good game like this the good thing is it is offline i loves it very much
ivan cuk : fun and nice looking low poly game
shahzaib awan : very nice install a steering wheel
jon sabell : nota fan of ads but i get it.
josia gommel : simply the best! nah im kidding, thats a song...
noor nawaz : very cool physics. overall very good
mr. peanut : one of the only good free games on the market
ye aung paing : nice graphic fun to play
the musical fridge : i would give this game all the five stars if you guys tell me how to take off zen mode
arnav munshi : best car experience in off road ..
benedict pepino : fun and super easy game
alvinio 25 : very good game but at what time a new map
martin l. sorensen : too hard to control
robert heritage : ads suck sound sucks speech annoying
ewen shannon : can't go 5secs without a 30sec ad. sod that
boomdart : love it so much fun worth paying for
ali shahid : very fun game although i dont know what i'm meant to achieve
bert mayo : i love this game the graphics and game play is so cool
a google user : its not good game its a very hard no control no staring no system please u dont dwonload this game
electric cookie : really enjoyable, pleasant visuals
chhonip kumar : great game must play for challenge seekers
anil paulose : nicely designed for car
jannuel paredes : awesome game with cool car and maps
nitish kumar : simply full of adds
everett miller : great fun little confusing at first
lucas benitez : good game not to many adds like every other game.
loui preston : really good graphics love it
aditya jagtap : addictive. easy but fun.
mikyas melese : the turn speed is so fast please reduce it
ahnaf tahmid : nice graphics overall
da shah : awsome graphics, awsome gameplay
damjan : trying to control the car kills all the joy
alice mina : the graphics is nice...
misa sztaniszlav : super fun and easy
chaitanya patil : nice game best part its good and even offline
_gaymerman _ : very relaxing and intense.
arlene torres : great game loved the graphics
vishwajeet singh shekhawat 20earad054 : cool graphics and awesome game
glen small : really good graphics
ali morshedloo : the graphic is awesome and i really enjoy playing it.
partha pratim deka : amazing game really liked its simple yet very cool
capidareus : love it but damn the drift is hard
danish zulkarnain : satisfying game to play to get out of boredom
marcho barnard : hub visibility settings needed plz
luxoryxz : good game controls need to be better
lashay miller : love it great game i hope it continues to grow
a google user : good game a bit of wonky controls
random plays : hard to earn money and get cars not worth it
mousumi shaw : very nice game but needs improvement
a google user : nice game to show our driving skills
joycette rodriguez : it's cool but i dont like the referee or riders additude
ahmed abdelkhalek : very good but need some updates to be more fun
abhishek sharma : great game, reminds of a game that i still don't know.
cara boring : very good graphics
atom knight : removed the ads please !!
rowie goze : it's a good game but we need more cars
micah lax : very good graphics
matt m. : dont like the controls.
a google user : so much fun something that you can get bored on
sam official : i love this game textures.
jonathan regoh : nice mechanic the game is so cool
patrick v tonder : its fun but it fades after time
menos 3095 : very good graphics
mohan raut : super game... awesome work, team
michael ian reyes : i'm givinf 4 stars because i can't figure out how to do a combo. can someone please teach me, thanks!
aissa kaouch : it's a very sick game with good features.
boris vladisavljev : this game is fun but the controls are bad
vedant patel : i love this game very much its has good graphics
striix : great game really worth spending your time
rizky satari : this game is amazing, simple but addicted
saurav jaswal : grafics are good and nices cars collection too
tizpaali : a great racing game for mobile
romantic videos : sensor control should be add
marvi agnes juanillo : plse add update with fast and furious cars
ali shehroz naqvi : nice game i've spent a lot of time playing it.....
leo : good but can't even continue for a good stretch
tyrone z z z z : love this game!! 10/10 to the developers!!
dolox : great the controls are the best
paolo portales : this game is great....i love the graphics
victor mostacero : so much fun so many cars
branden sensabaugh : the braking could be better
julius chua : very entertaining great pass time
srinivasa sai kiran kasibhotla : nice gameplay but severe battery draining.
green wolfieee : i like the style and the art. awesome!
richard baba : very cool little car driving game
lachlan barnard : best car game ever played on mobile
soahail mohammad : game is terrable and controls highly super
jj : very fun and time consuming
tyson last : pretty good need to play more to get a good opinion
kriegsmen : hard controls. just what i like
drake malt : is a really fun and simple game
neway tg : i like graphics man its awesome and the anime of car its beatifull
aaron huff : it is amazing i mean there are no words to describe how awesome this game is.
abhay wadetwar : best vintage cars racing game
arra sudhaker : ya it is a wonderful offline game.
himesh achary : a very fun game to the core....really enjoyed playing it
erk berserk : not quite what i thought it would be. but intersting concept. id fun so fae
pradeep nayak : i just love this game... :) music player is missing :)
jeff dias 9b 39 : best game for low end divises
jc espiritu : nice to play when your tired playing action games!
harez halkwt : very beautiful game but no breaks
maliek the baller : wish there was more options of streets and turns
tanatat tat : can't stop playing this!
sumit bajracharya : it can be improved like going to the side
adrian omiter : it's amazing graphics and fun game i like it
deepanshu saroha 12 arts : this is very interesting and not boring game and very very nice game
adam walls : good game needs brakes to regen faster tho
gfhzon : i love this game it is challenging and fun
warriors gaming : it is very good game i love this game and i play this 5 hour make one more game like this
akshay amrit : game keeps crashing.
abhi s : this game has got some level!!! classy and amazing. i love it
jasley de vera : its a great game but hard to control
enzo tejones : the game itself is good. fun and entertaining.
pineapple : i like the game but the first car sways a lot
koko pop16 : simple nice game and interesting one
dora buji : i can't play this game, hard controls
stuart mcgregor : awesome for. people wanting to drive with a nice.style
brave sp1r1t : beggining is good. will rise it if it's not p2w heavy
a_gmz g : incredible game good graphics
lucas devold : entertaining, great to pass time.
usman ali : veri nice game but controling problem
cool kid : it's good and theres barley amy ads
duc anh tran : can't connect with google play game after the latest update
jakob millers : it so fun but i wish it had some mini games
daniel prather : its okay. need more custom cars
mr. k : amazing game. really hard too!
whyllie g : good game just wanted the free car
airiel hakeem : pretty cool. no more words.
lemanuel jones : pretty hard but it is fun
dion aster : very nice game can you all add a tesla cybertruck or an xuv 500 w10
budapest jt : the best game ever i played in android.......this is stress buster
luke dore-wright : awesome game really fun and a good time waster
devansh choudhary : worst game can't control the car
kembara hijrah : you need to add some hint to the mission... drive the bubble rebel?... what the heck is that
thekdrerik : cool game but sometimes there is no possibility to stay alive
mohammed mihuzaal : nice the grachics are cool i really think your team took some time to do this
savidu harithadesha : fun game, good graphics ,,, i like this game
john crays : good controls and fun
eric olorunfemi : can't seem to stop coming back for more. great game...
nurokeypro : simple but addictive game
on line : the new update is pretty good but i didn't like the new voice
padmini subraya : best game ever with best graphics
kudus satrio : play while u listen to eurobeat remix. thank me later
safwan syafiq : very nice game..play with initial d soundtrack
alphs smart : best good like new game graphics good
manoj chikara : graphics are not good
lumine : great game and good graphics
francis da costa : the physics is a lil weird bjt overall great game
paul compton : doesn't load on note s9 galaxy..sad..
adam danish : it hard to play but it fun
nancy hayes : it's a challenge and i love challenge
somyajit nath : amazing game...very different from other games similar to this
cenean daniel : this game is so smooth and aesthetic and i love it
naveed shahid : nice game if you are bored you can play game will make you happy
latrice brown : it's fun to play it in past the car
rio kun : good but need faster cars
gio geladze : it relay good game but it would by beter if there were phone stearing
sathish k : beautiful game stunning 2d graphics
jack kecix : installed..uninstall it in just 2 minute..game sucks...
hermenegildo gutierrez : tilt-shift controls please!
oozy q : pretty fun game! runs smooth
cohen mcilwaine : good controls and looks nice
matthew wendt : annoying at first, but it gets better. give it a try
dj russia : it really cool game it like a 3d game car
jossue : pretty fun to pass the time
rishi shah : the game needs a good handling
slow_ koup : super fun, love the drifts
matt beeby : the service was great, and the breadsticks are to die for
jonathon baker : yeah wow man great game i deffinitly just dont want the in game stuff i get for rating
hitarth singaria : i love it, simply love it, thats it.... :)
zach marenchin : pretty fun and addicting.
andre caldeira : cool game simple and funny
dr pain : hooo that is the best one love to play it so relaxing love 3d effect on manu
emmanuel vedast : it's a quality game but hard
adonai herrera : it's a fun game. i've been looking for a fun game to play on my phone and i found a fun game and it's this game
not yarden : very good looking and very good gameplay
jt ginter : good racing game (you cant find those everywhere)
radha krishna addanki : nice game but hard to controle
eastoftheriver losangeles : fun, wish cars were cheaper
punit mc : nice game very tough to a make a high score
levin gt-apex : very good! lots of replay value.
lincoln sletten : pretty basic driving game
seth9 : a good game and somewhat difficult.
smerto : it's good the art style is also good
noodlebomber : sooooo good. one of the best mobile games ever made.
reid deyoung : nice but ads
higgins : lack of driving options disappoint me.
drinking is fun : game gud, place well. worth playing very noice grafuc
johnny laprise : ads, ads and more ads.
ahmad fikri ahmad fadil : too fast to control
luiza pertec : cool game! i cant wait for the global online scoring in real time ;)
juuso pesonen : best endless in the whole appstore!
rabeeha shereef : good ! why could you make it an open world like gta ?
chris tremblay : fun but keeps crashing
rojemie eleosida : just add more and improve more.highly recommend this game.love from philippines
saint louis lacriox : great game just to many things are expensive
prime vloges fnaf : very good graphics
kozika inne : shame controllers are not working with it
sacareth : it is very relaxing and entertaining.
sam ace : best game ever the cars are awesome
iftekhar attar : nice but not interesting you should increase handling
alexander e.g. : it exits right after lunch. i can't even play.
zodarian ! : great game lots of fun no complaints
brenda cortez : it's pretty fun to play i don't think you could change anything about it
ralph vincent badenas : the controls are terrible
zaine martin : not a bad game but i wish you could steer by tilting the phone
janis iesalnieks : super fun game. would recommend to anyone.
zach connors : pretty fun needs new upgrades though
atanu chattopadhay : game is good but wheres the tilt control ?
vinit raut : photo mode not working
irfan pathan : controls are not good
lucas bychuk : this is a really fun game in general. i really recommend getting it!
christopher w.g. tempel : nice game great graphics!
timothy kennedy : ame said it would give me a free car for rating, never recieved the ca. now ive changed my rating to 1 bc it lies
nitesh kumar : add dyanmic car damage realistic impact damage add real crashes
jesse sutherland : privacy settings and so forth immediate raised red flag
kaven. g : good game good graphics good comantary
r.i kulhari : this game is very bad . friends do not download this game. you waste your mb just like i waste
neavin grootboom : veey good game great grafics too u have to try it
sandeep ghosh : good game. make for ios as well.
the beast : it is good in pixle graphics
aryan soni : this game is nice game but you give some more opitons for control
wayne boshoff : simpel game but fun and addicting
aravind aby : good graphics...but boring game
mohammad thoufiq : good but want more levels that's why 3 stars
patrick tomas : glad there isn't a price tag on everything...
lesiba lekalakala : no quality graphics
cwade : pretty kool, can't stop playing it
gamer lingam : controls and mechanics are awesome
jose raynor tibor : the game is quite nice and simple.
ashetyn white : upon download, it get stuck on the privacy policy screen. pixel 3 xl
aaron skelhorn : "let us harvest all of your data to play". no thanks.
goldenpotato450 : its horrible and garbage i went one way and j went off the map
first name- -last name : very fun and addicting game would recommend
johnny kline : it real fun and a great time consumer
nikola milenkovic : kinda boring after some time nothing to achieve
brad jackson : the key to the game is to watch out for oncoming traffic
chandhu sabu : very bad. dont upload this type dirty waste app
sherlwin chua : that game was so good! and also the voice
kinda disappointed : this game is really fun and a te killer if you're bored
callum beattie : game crashes as soon as i open it
akiyam : difficult but really good!
vedant shetty : extra ordinary, fantastic, mind blowing game i have ever played
rishab saha : man! im so hooked to this game.... one of my favourite games ever... seriously, nothing else to say here
michael robbertze : it's a dope game, simple and done well
oofy head : if you haven't played this game your living under a rock this game is the best!!!! try it out now download it push the download button >:(
know g : so much adds, only time burn
brian delp : this game is a really fun and realistic game
jeya jeyamani : it is one of the addictive game in play store
saifur rahman : very good...simple to play would recommend
melanie hoffman : it's a very fun driving game to play
mickey malone : the game is good but it is very hard to drive
jatin banth : this game graphices are very beautiful
fouzia khalid : very good but the car is very fast
mr awesome : good game but a little repititive.
ahmed tariq : nice game very good design good work
jonathan anderson : i could be sitting on a 8 hour bus, be playing this game the whole time
satish kumar : superb hard game good graphics
chirag jambur : epic experience. i'll make it short and sweet. just download it
david daniel : 5 stars for the selection of vehicles.
yogesh raj : the best casual endless driving game
skit : i give this 5 stars ,because this game doesn't make me rage unlike other games ,and its relaxing
gloomy jack590 : its a very good game but it just needs s little more m aps
aravind ea : graphics awesome really
rain : awesome game and cant wait for more good updates to come
rajam pest controls : super!i love this animation and game
mithu mohan : this game is awesome graphics is so nice i have rated 5 stars
kasahara hayashi : i like these graphic and cars love it
slyphkntt dotdotdot : great concept, gameplay's good
mais sana : worse game i ever played no steering no brake i don't know how to drive
bahia hefner : in order to start playing the game i need to agree for you to download my personal data?! no thanks
constantinos syrimis : too early to rate stop asking so early in the game..
eathen hunt : love it great game kills the bore time
jayapriyan_ : nice game but need to improve more
lepani waqatakirewa : cool awsome amazing magnificent any word that describes greatness.
joe hill : very fun and good control's
luke xoney : no tilt in the controller.... boring
spray paint : brilliant graphics good good game
jennifer oconnell-brownrigg : nice, but repetitive.
elijah sheppard : smoothe and very satisfying
samer asif : this game is weird because of the driving way
les key : it's a good driving game! i think it is very cool!
frosty squid4747 : cool game for kides and adults and fun. this game is the best game and is better than pubg and fortnite. this game is a cool game i will give this game a 100/100 rating or 5***** stars.
king connor : seems like it would be a good game if it wasn't so hard to control
john calvey : forced ad before completing first level.
saksham singh : that's what games should look like(realistic)
michael hulme : the adds are unbearable!
mccauley mcintosh : nice game smooth controls
mustafa oksay : good game good atmosphere but sucks at gameplay
ch sai krishna : worst game in the world worst graphics and worst controls and everything is worst
paradi vinay : nyc game you can still improve the driving features
aravind rao : one of the best car simulation games i've ever played.
furry fury : cars from the best time , remember the days
ajeeth natarajan : cool game to start for time pass
dish : love it when you are getting chased by the police
xs7ayerx r : actually really fun not loaded with adds
mihir dave : perfect for racing
dipankar roy : decent game love the music can cure your bore
guampedia : its pretty fun and the game gets better the further you go
sully kaiser : really fun game download it love the endless driving download it now
mr_ bubble : very good game,this game was worth my time i recommend this driving game
saifali jagirdar : best time pass game ever i played i like to spend my time on this game thank you for making so good game
angel d cabrera : is a really cool game every have to try it esta brutal recomendable
khowani ryan : great and you can play offline
mr yt : it is best for little time pass in a day nice game
aryan swamy : it's nice but you should put another 3 or 4 map
fulcrum77 : i just started the game so i don't have much experience but so far i like it
familie weissgerber : very fun and challenging
daniel ogunsola : good game. a few issues here and there but nothing serious.
hasni husin : i kinda bad driver even in real life, so this game cool
kent lemon : this game is actually fun to play! kinda reminds me of my first game haha
florian t : it's not a bad game and it can get addictive
sajira nk : this game has very much graphics
fahmi perwira : amazing. i couldn't take it off my hands. i don't expect this good actually lol
h user : funniest look like 90,s series game such a lol one of the atari this lol game
diego vito da silva : it's a great game and i recommend for those who want the good and old games
daniel maged : nice simple offline game
turbo fighter : this is actually pretty good 10/10 would play again
izzul aizad : nice game to play while waiting for something
ivan diaz : fun game with good controls
super man : the game crashes at start
red line : this game is awesome please bring motorcycles in the next update
the ps 2 guy : pretty cool game cool looking cars.
valentin amato : the best arcade game ever!!!
pratik patil : very nice game i like this game . you will also like it !!!!
rohan sarkate : best mobile game i've ever played. you should try it.
mr toed : super fun and really addicting
ismail asghar : thid is very good game and it so many cars
radguy no111 : best designed mobile game i've seen since clash of clans
vcu _ : love it, but would love to see a vaporwave mode
gavin hutchinson : pretty cool game if ya just want to kill some time
nitros : fun and simple
all in one mini : it is the best car game than is car is amazing that all coller
vinicius alves : so good, the simple gameplay is better
magnificent mayo : this game is fantastic i like and love everything about this game.
peter fassler : it's well made no glitches or lagging
dave amobi : the graphics is great
ivan jeh : very cool! i can deliver tofu really quickly!
nirmal y : fun to play love the graphics
beamng.friends : best game ever! but please add lada 2015
lykoloo : one of the only worthwhile mobile games.
matthew vetkoetter : simple and fun game
hashim arif : not freezy and very unique
j f : not a bad game. only flaw are the braking mechanics
wildan kamil : i love the design and game play
omyasis beneby : it's an amazing game keep up the good work huys
vinzie93 : i love this game has lots of cars.
yashwanth sai medico : very pooor sound quality.......
eve rose : it is a great game it has cool cars
con andoniadis : top stuff, jovial yet excitingly fun-ny
mr hacker : really fantastic game very real game very real???
anantharaghavan santhanam : really a awsome game pls make more updates keep it up
edison chee : best game if your looking for a racing game this is for you
pirthi singh : very interesting game but it is ao hard
lol miks : best game to play when listening to initial d
mansoor ahmed : nice levels enjoying it very much
ali aghdam : well! good game simple and entertaining
lol stalk : fun and intuitive game!
fathima hanna : i like this game very much .it has cool graphics
j lag : i gave this game 5 stars because i want to drive around the world
mohammed fazal hussain : you getting one star cause you forcing us to rate the game, now take this!
dragonmask absol : fun to play while in school
simon delaine : fun and simple
muhammad afif : yo i like it man but i need high skill for playing this game
sanjay rajput : so and too much bad i think that it time wasting game for gamers
thomas craven : fun and easy to play!
basic system crash : the contoler if this game garbage you coin is to high , just like youtube.
logan megson-wooding : it's just a nice car driving game
jackson londero : it's a pretty relaxed game not a lot to say but i like it
mike the man : great time killer and lots of fun
victor titong : keep up the good work! this game is cool
naughty gamer : baddest game i downloadedthis game 8 times but it did not run
somaiya andaleeb : i think u should add more controls
mike janusz : fun game i really like it. dobra robota chlopaki
riley dean : very fun wish you could on pc.
shakti guru : it's a very superb driving experience
ram prakash : it's have nice concept but i find it boring
keegan b : great game love to play offline
sachin pawar : worst control of the cars
garb0 games : good and fun, keeps me entertained
live gaming and backchodi : nice game love graphics
yadunandan bhat : exceptional game and exceptional response by the developers!
quinn murray : awsome game good graphics super fun
neo! : i love this game one of the only apps i want to spend money on
nataniel mamengo : i like it since it's free game and better than the orthers
amir abdellaoui : the only game i spent too many time in
sumit kumar : this game has the worst driving control ever
daniel duenas : fun and simple
brendan carlin : 20 second ad after each try? , your having a laugh lads
shikha banerjee : awesome add a truck and van
pioneer ridge express : this game is awesome keep up the good work :)
mihisara jayasinghe : good game but ...a little lag
bhawana tiwari : nice game since i 've played ut i don't like leaving it i wish they make such games more
caleb rickard : fun game and great mechanics
ashley coelho : two words: terrible handling
ayan mukherjee. : don't think about it, just download it and play!!!! awesome game btw
mohammad nadeem : good game.the commentary is very funny.
ms s : the game is actually good but it should have some other things too
aashish jha : please give an option to save load option game on google play games.
dhaval pandya : privacy settings won't open
tristan woest : enjoyable and help pass the time
oliver arden : very good but pretty hard to control
blasteddoge : pretty good game car is very drifty
abdul rafay : very beutiful but please update cars like lamborghini or bugatti
will crawford : fun game to play on a car ride
kaden leck : it's good to the point i don't rlly have the feeling i wanna play it constiley
niphaporn mcphail : i love it the cars are fantastic
parviz khorshidfard : nice game play nice maps just play this game
panda_ codm : good graphics and nice game
bularca marius : it is cool but i am thinking of subway surfers when i am playng
satish yadav : i love the cars and drives like sports car
zerg hirsaw : this work on low device,i like it
riya patel : its smooth and is looks the best this game is the best i love it
henry hesly henry : great graphics game play awesome
amir yazdani : everything is great but the quality not
ivan nunes : good game i love it just try out its the future game what the hell let's go
shane rowell : can you devs add tilt as a control option
rmp gaming : this game is legit... so addictive.. could play 24/7
gautam gupta : very interesting game and not borringable .
ricardo : great, with old school cars
denis boutsky : fun and time consuming... nice
mirza munir : good graphics nice gameplay
commander falcon : a very good free to play game you should play it
hemp knight : its fun for now. imma have to keep playin
faez mohd : the most perfect game i ever play in my whole life..
clarence chren : nice game but it don't have toyota supra
navdeep singh : cantrols are not good brakes nd handling
mikhail hayles : why does this game need access to my google drive?
khumbemo erui : nice game in small mp
another day in malaysia : malaysian map! malaysia map! add perodua myvi car too in this game!!!! (believe me if you make myvi car in this game,lots of malaysian gamer will try this game!!!!)
joshua y : pros: looks good. cons: the gameplay
shailaja netalkar : awsome game...!! best game to pass time
mansur r. : fun game, somehow the best game to relax for me.
shadab : awesome game #awesome game. very funny and addictive
akif ozoksel : nice app but you need the get work a lot
razor parsa : a really great game with a ton of new ideas
caleb brown : its good for when your board
umar muchtar : i very love this game, my stress is gone. very awesome. cool
justin tucker : good offline upgrading game
carmel fradrick : there is a learning curve to this game ! love it
bakhtiar hama : relly relly cool i love that game after install it
jo lacnife : best game i played since long time ago super funny
lee sneddon : love it and it's quite a relaxing game
carmusicvideo : best entertainment and fun recommended this game
majid kamran : awesome game awesome graphic
paul dexter cuezon : more cars and quality
dawson galloway : very good game never lags or anything
shantanu mahale : great driving experience!
calvin da boi : i always see people say its w a y too hard but you all are just bad at the game.
luis martinez : it's awesome and how the way it turns
mohd adeeb : it's totally time waste & data wast game
tekrar : it's a cool and creative game
manasi mule : a excellent offline game to play
that guy who stole the cheese : great. one of the best driving games i've ever played
g2gamebro : rated 3/5 cause the ad spam it's a decent game otherwise
dan overlander : it's well done, but doesn't really have a lot of play value.
vineet kabadi : very cool and relaxing game.
h m khalid mahmud : worst control, really hard to play :(
dayme valdes : hi this game is fun thank you for making the game.
incog nito : meh. technically polished but recycled concept. nothing new here.
thomson : the game is nice and there is a lot of cars
herrydren : nice game like old-school style
reza salar : simple and fun
shailesh sharma : excellent for passing time
anshu jha : wow. good game and best for lone time..
nelson k : i think one of the best games with such less mb i play this almost everyday
sam watson : good basic driving game cant complain!
shashank sajjan : worst controls ever don't even think of playing this game
ben auerbach : a really fun game with a great asthetic.
sourav khan : stealing information. graphics is cool. yeah we are human beings
glass rose boi : its ok but it gets a bit boring but well done
diego reyna : this game is great it simple yet fun
john yost : fun game so far but im only just starting to play
orlandoda1 : it's really good and smooth
shardul : simple and sweet!
nathan terer : great game... needs four more maps....
ganesh sandav : this game best ever i played.... but please add steering opinion like other apps then i give you 5 stars rating....
twolaze blue : it's missing tilt steering
creeper bro2020 : the best game ever!!!!! love the cars!
james khawlhring : great game! but one thing! i don't know how to trick the police
nizar audytore : the graphics like art
mamo senpai : 10/10 so cool and relaxing to play
dovudxon ect : i like graphics. game scenario is nice
rajat agrawal : nice try to make people spend money if they want to start playing.
mohamed abdelrazek : cool game but can you make it online
afnan safdar : i enjoyed it but after some time you are boured
arnel santos : good game,,but its better when it tilts..
trenton murray : really fun and i like the charepter
ashwin shetty : great game with fun mechanics
ben levine : blatant cash grab and too easy to play
roch k : fun car game with good production
poison store : wacky drift with innacurate counter steer. fun!
roman_gt15 : very fun and addictive. best game ever.
andy ariza : the game is cool alot of cars so cool
tamago : keep up the good work guys! love the game
tray cion x : cool game but it needs more game play
biking and jumps : this game runs really well and a good game all around
samuel balvin : this game is not very fun but a little fun
vinod kumar : cool game but there is no race just drive as it's name says
aniket gupta : everything is ok but handling is hard.
romeo rabbit : vehicle is a pain to control.
isaiah warr : amazing game indie of the month
justin : to sure to really tell. it is fun as of now.
rajesh kadam : this game graphic is so amazing
krisnanto muhammad : fun and simple game
mario madison : anyone who spends money on mobile games deserves to get ripped off
r4g3 shadow 7567 : fun game lost of cara and maps
rajeev shukla : poor control, waste of time
jason harrell jr. : it was fun. it gets old real quick tho
savge music : best racing game on android
robert bailey : tis alright, handling is difficult sometimes
neha patil : eveyone is right about this gameplay i also loved it and i to sure it will famouse like pubg ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ hopeso~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
carlo nino gonzaga : one star for askin me too early to rate your app.
sifiso thwala : this is a really fun game i downloaded it yesterday and i have been playing it ever since
rozmina 1980 : the manual is so good i think this was so boring but this game so best
ayrton devoy : very fun and relaxing
damjan dimitrioski : why do i need to consent for a single player game? i just run and play the game what data do you need to use?
geeth saman : what a game.fantastic i love this game so mush keep continue.wish you all the best from sri lanka
levi derosas : simple but awesome!
bryan : fun game easy time waste
naz rul : its kind of lagging, but i love play this game
hirash ashkan : it's the best racing game. i love it.
don toliver : this is the best game ever!! but it could use some more updatez
dmitri joseph : fun easy to play
sora nai : simple but great! i love it
lukas dub : bro just keep working on tha game butiful
nazmul hasan : best game but to hard to play.
izra miles : steering is kinda hard nut overall cool game
mehdi manzoor : awesome game. most addictive after pubg
jonathan guzman : perfect game to kill time
izaac g : entertaining, but needs more cops
dean anderson : simple and effective
madmax44 : it's different but it's a good time passer i recommend it
miguel bedolla : good game to pass the time. would recommend
teslim alabi : controls are very sensitive
jakayden miree : best only driving game in the world
braxton jessie : it's fun no problem and very relaxing
spook : pretty fun just a bit grindy though
juan liam mapa : epic game it will have so much fun with the game thanks for the game im impressed with it
junaid anwar : not addictive or not level ups
charze zulu : nice good game atlist ad some breakes
hasan murtaza : cool game! keep it up!
evan walcott : nice online or offline, no sticking
sabbir kobir : good not bad but make it as like a story mod game
mohd ashrick b. mohammad : very nice game it have a nice graphid
valerie munoz : love this game is so fun so five stars
ibrahim malik : this game is very good don't mind i am doing for taking the car
henk prinsloo : it is fun but a but hard
gouranga paira : development is needed in the camera view option
shane thomas : it's a fun game to just sit down and play
srinivasachary gundi : its too difficult to play
jared nease : still playing, figuring it out. so far so good.
zieggo chiranno : very good game and easy to play thanks
rebeka nora : is a good game tho but how to get the cars?
dhruv mulmule : awesome style and gameplay
louis machin : great game, doesn't really get boring
akhlas : i love the visuals of this game!
abhishek shukla : osm game. smooth gaming performance... go for it.... best way to get away from boring stuff
alexander powerplays : its pretty hard and fun
curly : very great game. i like the aesthetics
xracer z : it's a nice game its relaxing and fun
shaiju iswin : best game for play.all the youngster can play
alison paulik : pretty fun and it is beutifal and super fun
adrian bartz : it's a very nice game to just play around with if you haven't anything to do.
angelo james dela vega : nice game and graphics
jaren gilson : this is a amzing game and fun to play
gage loveridge : fun nothing to exciting maybe i just get bored quick
asha thakur : i like this adventure game and the cars
free games : good enough to be on my list actually i don't like car games
brandon bairian : had to remove game after i purchased , is there a way to get my saved data back? thnx
amit bhole : i can't crash into a train how because you don't give free-time brakes brakes help you stop when i try to brake it says something like a fire in a crossed circle i think that means no fuel so how to help give me infinite fuel
benjamin torra : fun, yet challenging!!!
nihad p k : worst game ever.. control is very poor
danny koentadi : good graphic..control not to good
omnia aziz : this game is so awesome download it and play it its really awesome
crimson mxwz : nice, but add better cars
syed mojiz raza : one of the worst game ever played ! i will not gonna give at least 2 star !
jake sharpe : its acctually really fun its the only mobile game i play
hamed poorkaveh : good game but hard i love hard games
jose mendez : pretty good game helps me entertain my kid and me
azfard nation : i don't like the control... all the things is good
daniel karta : very hard to drive.
akash gautam : wonderfull, try it to low storage of 60-70mb
james devuono : very cool.cant seem to stop playing
monke man : really fun actually. played for hours
arani : exeptional experience....no wonder its ratings are so high...keep it up creators!good job!
big k : fun game to play when bored 5/5
khi khi : love how the mecanics work and how you can move freely :)
nikhil vee : wonderful , cute and addictive
ibrahim ibn ahmad : awesome game. packed with humor
sunny shukla : don't always spend money on apps but this one is worth it.
rajesh krishnan : awesome driving mechanics
ali hussaini : its fun and challenging
abenu jr : 100% best graphics
qsdo : its amazing! i love it!
vasantkumar halemani : the best graphics.
huawei nova : good game but must to upgrade
dwight burbank : great game mechanics are perfect
hasibul karim limon limon : good game like i don't play at such could this type of game good luck
piyasiri vithanage : ad new skin s pls and ad the tesla cyber truck and a buggatity prety sure i spellellit worng sorry bugguty is it
rardo : simple and nice.
lakshmi surekha's kitchen : very good game actually pixel perfect dude
zeldatheultimate : good game fist time play not so bad good work on the game
sfiso emmanuel : great game you never get bored when you have this game
veteram king : i love this game but more things should be added
sairaj raj : this is a relaxing game when i play this i am so relaxing i love this game
harry beach : kind of hard to get used to when i first played it but it got better as i got used to it
ebong agung : my favorite game when i was kid and still play it now!!
rishi sheth : gud game but it becomes boring after a while
cdct india : not too much level
kurt obersteadt : best game ever it is challenging
eg_palm _tree : it's just crazy fun but too "wavy"
rahul saini : how difficult controls and not addective
kam skylight : the missions are very hard
arman ybanez : nice game,but bad control,but i rated it 5 star,
jerry canary : fun good graphics
arnab manna : it's really fun game and interesting....
joe the legend davis : chill so far, appreciated the zen feature!
zain plays : this game is amazing , the best addictive game ever !
zack zehmal : good retro adventure driving
aaron giloff : too hard for me to keep car on road
xx_skyline _xx : its a fun game for adults and kids
vamik xoxo : awesome, great work you guys. love it
aidan alexander : good game not that many adds overall great game for bord people
mrpekka23 : cool game. i've experienced 0 bugs so far
fajar hidayat : controls too hard
vividvrtx : i like this game butt it's poop and i'm deleting it from my phone and giving it to my neighbors to give to those kids of his
enzo-alain chellan : reminds me of the classics
receive makepe : very nice game is a easy game to play
tikaram pradhan : it would be better if there was multiplayer mode on this game
pike star gaming : this game is like heaven , very very good game keep it up
anthony thor : i like playing this game on my free time. great game.
m.adamfaris : is so best in my life thank you for make this game i give you five star
pedro velazquez : this game sucks when i enter the game it kicks me out immediately
sandile siyabonga : i haven't ectually seen this game i term of playing it because it just got stuck.any ideas?
redfawn : good game in small size
kelly mabou : it's pretty hard but it's pretty cool
wiremu watene : very good game nice an playable nice graphic good game
asif hasan : good game great graphics
harsh raj : most beautiful game of driving for ever
ziro vasquez : sick game, like temple run but with a car
cristobal exequiel munoz : good music and gameplay
grey zealand : phenomenal. i absolutely adore this little game.
definitely not a pro gamer : its really good! if you dont have it downloaded go get it now!
juventus tishekwa : doesn't start crashes
survivalthief : it's simple and fun
timesters timegate 3 : easy to control
yung joo : very fun and a great time killer
neal titto : no ad nuisense.good game and intresting concept
general mothman : great game simple and fun
vishwadeepti vardhan : nice game but the sterring is too non grippy
forest none ya : good game but i wish there were breaks
hokku : good game i like the style of it and it's wholesome
shadowfox264 d : reminds me of my thought if the sonic universe was like this
vrushant domde : i personally didn't like this game, control is worst.
green panda : this game is the one of the best car games i've ever playrd
mrnl : this best game i ever seen. everybody must play this game. and best game play.
ac : its a great game with little to no adds
ali vertiminate : this game is the best if you see this game and didn't download you lose all of your time
harshvardhan tiwari : i'll love this game more if it has some stunts also.
ramen noodles : addictive, great driving
gurmeet kaur : need some improvement but nice game
ben n-jerry : it's a solid game. ya. what are you waiting for? download it!
oval tv : good game for me nice view and location
danny fay : i like the graphics are very cool
th1ckalg0r1thm : great fun game, worth the download, love it!
yudhi anggara : easy and fun game
gregory wallin : to many adds to force you to pay
a google user : a fun game thats highly addictive.
michael manson : way too touchy about what you can nudge into.
doom destroyer : its too hard to drive
amiyo kumar roy : my best offline game and nice graphics
nowich : this game is gunienly really good, i don't know how to describe it
kulluru udaya : nothing to say, only awesome.
kroutons exposed : well done game, nothing wrong. barely any adds.
biswajit dey : cool game increases ur interest and enjoying level and pls follow me on instagram"splashed_minded"
oasisorange379 : terrible driving mechanics
subu tagiang : this game is so the learn parke is so good good
adil a gafoor : nice game and graphics
ruaridh thomson : great game never crashes
nelson debbarma : it's an amazing game. i spent my tine playing it and enjoying it.
raymond weeks : fun in a short amount of time
divyasanu k : good game when you get bored.
bryan yu : its a fun game. really kills time
sohail ahmad : this is fun game some handling issue
magneet__ : fix your game. why can i not get onto the actual game? devs better get onto this.
sherri hearrell : deleted this app because it had to many adds
harishankar mv : accelerometer driving..if possible
daihatsumaster : bast car games in the wold love it -lool
crazzy rooster36 : pretty good but hard to control
lucian horne : graphics great qaulity cool game
gabriel manguy : fun to play during class
mr goose : i don't know what to say in these reviews but i personally really liked this game and i am recommending this to my friends. i honestly suggest to try it out for yourself.
peter welsh : really good game to play really easy
lets make music : its pretty good not too many adds
kishan parikh : boring game after a point, nothing new to accomplish
jeff prawn : heaps good game plenty of vehicles love it
pepukai mashawi : #drive my new favorite car game love the graphics
william willes : just amazing i could play forever!!!!!
berkay erdogdu : internet-free hd game that should be played at free-time !
affih jnr : best,nice graffix,game changer
gaurav khachi : good game but you need some more updates good game
swaglifepro : i think it is the best game to release stress
rabiah mohamad isa : can't update, car can't hit fence
satt san : nice game play . you will never regret this if you download.
ahadm 8888 : need nitro power up and add modern cars
jv : fun but got boring quickly
tina chacon : it is super good and your game is super awesome.
mc gamer : it is a really good game to play when bored
crazy wolf : i've had it for a while an let me say i love it ......
ty jurom : this game is crazy! i like it soo much!!!
rayhan faraz : worst gameplay thank you for wasting my time and data
yoloyqo : very nice graphic
rahees raja mir : not better than expected. please improve the gameplay
owen cox : awesome game super fun to play.
aho desuga : better than most endless traffic run game
wyatt toliver : speed is slow but the cops are funny
gaming with aditya : the best car arcade game
sumit punia : best game but this game is difficult to play
dominic valenzuela : this game is really fun it's hard for me but i like it
renu rani sharma : best arcade game i ever played in my life
elson nkateko : this is very fun to play with 70s cars
swati jain : i don't generally give feedbacks but this is worth your time
wyatt fitzwater fleck : the game looks great but won't let ne download
santino augustine : drive is anice game i play every time
lakshya vatsa : it is very diff. and very expensive.
abyan adzikri cantabile : good game good graphic awesome!
solomon agers : this was a cool endless car game this should be a popular game
sarvex : really different & awesome!
heidi smulders : it is poo poo he he
matt parkos : love it just peaceful and good handling
tom tomate : cool game to play when you're bored
amirul mohammad : great time killerand simple...love it
jahanara begum : u can drift very cool
nilesh babrekar : new update is just awesome.
rifat mohammed : because of drift and cool offline game
wade wilson : oh! the feel of driving through dry crumbs
asher ayyaz : this game was hard but the best game i think i will take more days to learn this gameeeee!
daniel edo : what a game, simply awesome and clean
patrick guthrie : love it it's fun to play
patrick simons : i spent $4 on this game and it sucks ass so bad i'll never make that mistake again
ernad hadzic : fun and easy.
aggelosgreekgamer gamer : super cool the graphics
cloudytortoise : this game is awesome. i can't wait for another update.
darryl dcruz : pretty good for time pass ig
geshthegamer : it is a great game i teally like it 10/10.
vanessa mccann : its a fun game when your board
anil sharma : amazing simple story game
naitik singh rajput : good game but the places are less
knivezz 999 : i literally have no words! this is perfect!!!!
majid khan : good game for health care
sam cote : good graphics good game play good game overall
rowan wildwood : tough but a lot of fun
amber gold : very good game for the time your bored
sajjan hayre : very fun game and good if ur bored
hackers gaming : game is very good i have played all games and i found in 3 months later
baslel love : this game is so good my brother and sister loved it.
emre bulut : cars arent different from each other in terms of performance
don owls : braking feature a little iffy to meh
emirhan meto : i didn't like the controls.
buff cow : rilly good game low on storage and fun as hell
tom fairbairn : great game but kinda hard to get used to
jason joly : an amazing game. well done guys. one of a kind.
ian ludwig : it's a really fun driving game.
reece mills : very fun and different
ian bilagot : nice game nice graphics
andrew willis : fun to play for the family
alan kuruvilla : great game. simple yet interesting
lucky singh : game is good but controls are not good
vishnu k.v : the controle is littile tough overall its a time killer
brandon colglazier : fun game to waste some time with
muhammad huzaifa : too difficult driving mode
jazz palmes : well nothing i can say its good(so good) i recommend you playing this
skull chief : make motorcycle also and multiplayer option
fake plebmaster : i have played way too much of this game to not give 5 stars
knight x : the controls are bad
farzi : nice, so many collections of cars
max johnston : it's a fun game kind of tricky at first but you get used to it
rohan powale : great game . can we expect 2.0 of this game team
air wade : good game for offline play
ranju das : high graphics game in the world
sarath venugopal : nice game, but need more ways,
lihlume mema : i love this game you work t good on this i love it
vansh girotra : too difficult to play!
edison : fun and challenging
el-listyo prastowo : simple exciting game. its bring the old games vibes
devon dean : simple and fun
pollaropposite : really great game, fun to play
andre vanderberg : need more cars love diss game
fadefn : i like.the cars i want all the cars free.
colton schwister : i love the game
jenish k l r9078 : super game i have been playing with my computer and in my phone
bhaskar jyoti ojah : the controls are trash
lilsync featuring 420 : it's going alright game i wish we could control the gas
fanny winderson : i wonder if there is an ending to the at the part where u first open the game
ali talari : its the best game for free time
aendoz : addictive and challenging
fin fraser : horrible. it will not let me brake or turn.
karburators benzins : 1star because of adds who cannot skip
stacey patchett : love this game smooth controls
sachin sukhadare : i like the art style very much
qaiser hashmi : one of the most fun driving game
stephen ray dwight alejano : controls are bad but great game
avinash kumbhar : nice game it works really fast.
wannetta mcgrew : i like it it's a super easy game
dheeraj pj : good endless runner. definatly worth download
grease monkey : nice although it needs a storyline
segolectrick : fun game to burn some time.
chedou louis : great game and graphics
sean williams : love it great to pass time
abon 26 : its fun..as long as i play..haha
2a faris izzuddin : i like this game but the car is manual
clark : i love it i think that they did a very good job on everything
m. saqib khan : when you open 2nd lap, then you will find a way to enjoy
el-agroudi : i really loved that u answered on my update request and i loved the update alot and we want more cars and races as possible as u can and thank u very much
aydan sublett : i love its really great awsome time killer
kamohelo mothijoa : i just downloaded the app so i'm still learning but all i can say is the game is fire
gheorghe lupu : very cool game, just what i needed!
trickshots : i love the game i like the remote play
just sai : it's nice to play during school
sujay chavan : i can complete level 13 there is trick the police task.can anyone help me.....!
ruger hussey : love the animations
anthonee buno : nice and smooth to play
saikat sarkar : hard game but fun
asanda luthando : fun game can't stop playing it
sapootro pebu : fun and challenging
atticus weber : very fun and basic
m l : fun and addictive love the game
nima tamang : its nice to play at free time #quarantine
anurag sai : little bit of improvement needed
xerxes grim : good game. been play for 4 years.
dakes david : worst game ever played. brakes are for name sake...
chesty_gliter_sizle 69 : pretty fun and addicting
harrison wade : love the aesthetic and challenge!
faded deadpool : this game is so good i've been playing so much thank you for making this please download
carmen montanez : because i like drifting and losing the cops.
a google user : very bad the game is not starting at all
shamaster pro : very cool and fun game 10/10
bruh *sample text* : the best offline game ever!
phoenix6480 : this is what a real game looks like it's just awesome
hanoosh ali : need more options than doing the same things
karma lama : best game for time pass love it
e g : my favourite mobile game with cars!
koketso majola : this game when you play for along time it gets out
samba permana : the bountifully games
kamar gamer : it's lite, casual, interesting game
chicco asheem : classic nice and peaceful is why i give this game 5 stars.
min : nice game and graphics
joseph pagan jr : where the hell is my free car for rating the game 4 stars.
detts saiditanaka : this game is absolutely lit..i love playing it...
matthew jones : its ok but you could rub the bumber of the other car bot no i die
carson ellerbrock : this is a fun and time consuming game
nico rivera : pretty good so far
drew sizzleman : this game is way more fun than i thought it wood be
radyt : i liked the theme of this game its just good
mihai rebreanu : it'd be perfect if better!
naveen s kumar : a good graphic game
armashri horvath : just fun in every way
jason manning : good reaction game
andy hardscream : boring hacked it becomes more boring.
eko muhardani : good graphic and nice game
zechs merquise : not quite what is advertised
abishek r : nice game look so classic i love it
thamil vanan : little tougher to get coins and points...
steve cawood : handling was rubbish. uninstalled.
shymendro murmu : add more cars and map
saad tasdeeq : bad control only one time i play and unistall
john _ vanko2050 : good game, very good and interesting
casa del mar casa del mar : good game its very good to play when bored
dono : great game, great community.
darius fleming : very relaxing to play.
random 69 : it crashes alot... still good tho
vikas dhamane : i like the game thanks for lounching the game
claude nft557 : pritty good game if u like driveing and high score games
dallas lunstrum : not sure, asked to rate too early
vijay kumar : very innovative. and i like the commentary
v siddharth : boring manh... btw all other features are top class
amanda barraza : it is a very good game no problems at all !
wyatt flatland : it works nice it is a very rad game!!!
ranjit rane : easy but so hard
daniel costa : love the game man really fun
[x] xiii_ii_iiix : it's honestly a joke....this game is ten times worse than fortninte......
fxrandom : on the other side, but it will not only that the company has the ability for you, i will use this to the new one of those things, i will use this
steven jeffrey canedo : its nice and helps you relax
jalal sabir : it is very exiting gam. e
t sweger : very fun n simple game!
spry there : pretty good game to kill some time!
pharvesh : awsome game i like that drift it is a brutal game
nyanko boi : is great control is easy
jahno kestt : junk, absolutely horrible.
mekashita kizukashita : only played it becuase theres a ae86 based on initial d.
muhd asyraf : easy game and best to play it
chandan nigam : this game is very well for me because the feature of this game is too good.
dennis korycki : fantastic looking game. plays well.
ahmad ahmad : this game is all new experience of driving
luisse jimenez : this is so good games for kids and so putangina
rendi nanto : yes it's difficult but chalenging
justyn ottenbreit : great game, i have lots of fun playing it!
mr.bonez31 : it aint perfect but its a good game!
navid ul islam khan alvi : very good game to time pass
juice_yt : i cant instaal the game on my j5 pro and im sick i have tried everything i just wanna play the game
brandon keeton : good game fun to pass time.
jughead jack : it's agood game with good cars
santhana laxmi : it's good and not boring it's so interesting
team00n : these concept is top notch. i love it.
thu ra : this game is so good but game is going through boring days
rainier arganda : pretty nice this might be the best mobile games at all
hrushikesh bagade : very bad controls
athul agnives : totally useless game, doesn't even play properly
marian loretta : really good game even the voicer is nice
pieter kuijper : controls are kinda eh... tho its learnabe
gianmarco paranzino : fun and interactive game!
sylvia cheptoek : i love the game mabe you should add tilt.
hare : i really love this game. its supeeeer fun.
ali shaikh : very cool graphics
jhonpaul subigca : its so cool and i'd like to drive
alireza rajabi : nice game good performance
jd wolfrey : it is actually a fun mobile game
adolf hitler : this game is very nice and i advice you to download it
venmar lugo : can you add a multilayere through the game
charles cabahit : i can waiting for a new car but is so very good
b i j u : i loved it.... but very hard to play
zgjims : good game i love it i swear i'm not getting paid to say this
max leroy : supa fun car game with cool cars
alex trono : it's pretty hard to play hahaha
soldier gamer : it is good and i never see samting like this content
timothy godau : it's good but it has some news
folo nassar : awesome game try to make tilt also
abhi sharma : nice physics based game
subhankar das : good difficulty...... addictive...
brobeans : very cool game if you are on the go or anywhere
luvuyo madondo : good drive you must play it fun
liam zachman : very fun not allot of adds thanks ;)
curtis dingman : pretty good pretty sensitive controlls tho
cool arrow : think of it good it's fun the best game ever download it
angel dixon : gotta grind but all and all fun
paul c. : reinstalled the app and lost my purchases. please advise
rojan al rahman : good addictive game in free time
tomas tok : it's a great game and have no issues with it
josh the king slayer mg : great great great experience in the game i give you 5 c al capone
dragos alexandru apostolescu : really cool and enjoying game.
jamie stuart : very difficult to control.
ramesh p r : nice game. nice for all moods
a google user : it's good game when i play it i feel like i play a cartoon game
no one : really good game to pass time.
infected : i just downloaded it because the graphics looked hella lit
akshay singh : very good offline game
caps lock : great choice for who need a great game
joshgoesmobile : wow this game is awesome in so many different ways!
hemant harijan : next level graphics loved it
mudassar rehan : except driving everything is fun.
matthias frost : it's really fun to play in your free time
suresh adapa : awesome game, awesome cars
boose_tv : pretty fun dispute the over priced cars
mehboob mehboob : awesome graphics and mond blowing game
ayesa siddiqua : cool game this is a masterpiece
johnny wear : game is fun as f&!k!!- and adxictive as well
mystical duck : fun and endless gameplay!
jatin sahdev : this game graphices is very good
takeshido bush : nice!! but needs some work
alok rai : i am not control this car easily
sidney harrison : it fun and the commentary is amusing
haywood joyner : great game in spare time use
bet bom : the game is not functioning properly
gopal che : low graphic level
jonathan bagaskara bari radja : it's a good game for relaxing, nice!
tahar zahir : nice game but it should be improved.
reuben neff : i like this game a lot and i have a feeling i'll be playing it none stop
ottr : perfect drive game try it!
zain thufail : super game next game you should put is open world game pls
lerry sanders : zero chance ill play a game where i have to agree to a privacy policy.
parsa h : cool and sweet
aliyor esoev : the best small very fun game!!!!
nemanja katic : this game is really good and i can't stop playing!!!
maurice chisom : the app closes as soon as the game is about to start
dominion prodeus : not recommended, except 3 - 4 1/2 yrs maybe.
jamie stalford : good we game only fourstar cause it hard to star out a we bit
andrew byrne : absolutely amazing game flawlesss really!
angrypanda2412 1 : i did this for a car, but so for its pretty good
rona estabillo : i like the game is good i well gave it a five! stars.
shivaji vichare : game graphics was clear
jayden garcia : it's so cool and fun i play this game every day :)
yup it up : never thought my limp dong woulg ever get a chubby again. until i played this.
sanket shevkar : good, simple game.
ismail hisyam : nice driving game fun game to play
keith teoh : good graphic game
cat in a thermostat : one of the few amazing mobile games out there
josh ely : good old memory cool driving game
lorena reynoso : fun and control are great
heaven knigh : nice game n like the graphic
eric landero : 8 is a great place to work for and i am very excited about this opportunity 9th of this month so i will be there on time for the summer of the summer and i hope to be able to get a new job 47085 and have been in love for the last few days in a few months and i have been trying to get a hold of you and 3 for a while and i hope you are doing well in the new year and i hope you are having a great time in florida and i hope you are having a great time in florida and i hope you are having a great ti
aron kassie : best arcade game of a pife-time
canaan plate : great game and doesn't have a lot of adds
arnab sen : nice car racing game
solomon rajan : good game for time passing.. cool.
archie ebron : good game, but lousy controls
youz mamma : controls wild but fun game
___track x___ : not bad. graphics is70percentage
raiden cervantes : didn't get to play much before it asked me to rate the game
kath ryana sabado : the is so good and the quality is so good
ryan walsh : great endless runner good time waster
suresh kumar t : one of the best driving games
prince adera : i love this game, the most best car game. ever
chrismith munene : great game.i love the controls .
man mad : this game is super fun and addicting
loyd shannon : one of the best driving games i've played.
mohnish magesh : excellent and is fun to play
orlando harrison : simple and fun
gareth edward : grate game very fun and entertaining
sandesh sachin waghmare : this game its amasome again and again more fun
dv9 helix : fun game love the concept
kukuh pandu trisetya : simply gameplay,,love it
mizta pooven : really addictive...... in my opinion, adding nitro will be good
lucas staniec : awesome, play it u will love it
viena tantyo : great game to kill some time
asteve hollis : what a great game!!! lots of fun!!!
sting bee : overall...i have only two words nice game
miko petras : great gema. really fun
areen anwer : it's better than any other driving games i played
a11drty : really fun pass time!
reffi : steering little bit sensitive
him : smooth and best game to calm
samuel siagian : cool games to spend ur time with
zeyad amgd : this game is very fun to spend your time in it
s i v a .k.m. : good game but controls very bad
ritesh parab : nice game that helps your reflex of to be strong
mohammed yasim : superb game, one the most unique games i ever played
madfandi with the masked : good for self control
lenny decibel : i just hate the controls,they are bad
order knot : its not the greatest game out there but it's still pretty fun
betty sabu : the graphics are cartoonish and its amowzing
daus swoosh : errr....where's the brake? i can't find it in the setting
joe waterman : this game is fun and entertaining 5 stars
markers sureman : pretty good on the first look.
owo whats this? : very cool game. love the style
ersat gandhi : nice, hard to control tho
anime streem : the game i was wishing for . it's good n a little diffciult.
zoxxed : cool, nice graphics
saurav kumar : controls are tough
mateusz sliwinski : only played for 30 mins, but so far so good
ashish sarswat : maximum graphic game the game chatting with you control is very hard
matty f : lost all progress on update
breakn : this game is the best! i love it! it's so cool!
justin bieber : i have not played this game yet, i will let you guys know about my experience of this game after playing it..... stay tuned
ryan stuhlmuller : this game is really fun to play i would recommend it to anyone
kurt albino ward : it's very fun and enjoyable <3
sivaram kishore dochibhotla : awesome dude perfect nailed it.
mayank vasara : car not handle properly
deven goodin : such a fun and addictive game
ullys33s 254 : fix the controls!!!!
justin patterson : its simple, a great time killer
raul bagang : nice been playing for almost a year now a great time killer
insane smoker : it's pretty cool game, really fun.
mohammad yasin : didn't like this game controls should be more developed
butter man : love the graphics
anthony outlaw : great game but slippery controls
diwan tomar : its not a game . its only a car image
ikbal aktepe : this game is verry verry "nice"(nice=guzel. guzel=turkish word)
dr. doom : nice fun driving game.
natasha clark : this game is fun and funny
attack dack : best game ever but add more updates
poonam sharma : i am searching for 2 hr i love this game this is in my phone fir last 2yr
zak h. : simple and fun
meenu kumari : super duper cool game you are going to love it wow
alo : really good game hitbox is really wide tho
geezer kirk bagtas : more maps andna free roam on map
cup : amazing but you should add a speedo
christopher magtrayo : very nice game and easy to play
the gamer : cool game for low end divise
jerome webster : the coolest car game i've played in a while
maciej sopyo : dude, we're not running low when i have half a tank left...
asad chatha : fun but too much grinding
sai dhiraj : superb game. please try to add scooter also
moinak saha : one of my top most favourite car games i love it
mayyas : love the commentary amd the art direction of this game
damjan popovic : simple and fun
jayden perez : very good, and addicting.
vasudeo bhonge : very bad controls
william haas : this is one of the best car games out today
marko solic : cool time killer and amazing game
a google user : it is okay, but gets annoying
ck aswanth : nice and minimal game
md tohidul : the game is very good game.this is my favourite game.thank you so much.
dany abraham : i love this game no problem with anything
antony pauillac : maybe the sensitivity is a lil low even in max
abhishek chawla : controls are really bad in it
kai haru : theres a glitch that you can clip to the doors of the houses on snow phlough
canales : it is so fun i would definitely recommend playing
bioshockerr : great addicting and relaxing game!
renu koli : very nice my mood is happy of this game
suhaas nadulamattam : low quality game. don't install!!
josh collett : cool game addicting but fun
hood dragoon007 : not to bad handling does suck a bit
fareez man : best drive good graphic
mohammad najami : a shalinging game ,is not bad you want get boord for a while
posse belsey : very fun and smooth
x jkl : fun game good for when have nothing to do
ethans dior : fun, but hard to get money
babli guha : i liked this game graphic i like it your 8
eleazar orapa : pretty good game, no negative feedback.
adit pakhode : controls can be better
silvershine : cars are too hard to #drive
debraj saha : it is the best offline game
chung dha lam : awesome simple game
\ tushar / : not have any options for gyroscope
alan harris : fun game could play for hours
chouaib jbel : easy to love this game
mai chan : well this game is perfect ! i really love it
tracey platt : i love this game the best android game eveerr keep going
boden rust : this game really does do a good job at making you have a good time.
jhedric ombrog : this is a very nice game thanks for manufacturing
jesse schuster : it's fun and challenging
narahiko : a good chill game to play when there's nothing to do
sidnei caua coelho : the control aren't that good
shriram koushik : a real good game loved playing it, worth a try
bryan isidro : its a really cool and fun game im playing 5 stars
azhan zahid : best racing game ever.
dawson parent : it's very fun and retro
nici johanes : nice game with retro touch
michael muyengwa : nice one make more games like this one
lekarin olivia olivier : it is a cool,feel the flow game
andrew neely : it's a fun and challenging game
daegal-b : great offline game.
amena akter : very good game does have the grapics i need
full english : fun and challenging
devonne sialongo : it's ok i like the graphics
avnish p : really amazing game. time killer
aaa bbb : this game is good for your car game
himanshu sekhar : nice game it's all about your patience
matt blank : good way to kill some time, what else do you want?
siddhu siddhu : good game i habe great experence and wounderful graphics
robert brace : the game makes me want to play more. awsome!!
suresh mahadule : game is best and the graphis are best
dylan baker : awesome when you get the hang of it
kiyasha sadeghzadeh : good(it's about the bones)
vitor f. : that is a very good game it's really funny
i made gilang wedha pradnyana : there's no storyline which makes it boring
big ben : how do you get the riffic car i looked but could not find it?
im zed frost : i would love to try this game i hope i like it
jack youdes : really great, simple game
tanmaya satapathy : a great option to kill a little time.
m dj : nice graphics good game
arman bakhshi : really satisfying game to play
jerome the ghost : its fun to play i hope i can reche 999
rex : really nice game, love it...!!
ritvik chauhan : good game for lockdown days
vijaykumar vijaykumar : it's so good it's like a cartoon
shuchindra manju : cool game but camera angles needed for playing
production : very good design.nice game
blackbird 3692 : it is easy learn
tamal patra : awesome game for time pass
wisnubae : very fun and addictive
carl zaleski : i haven't played it long but i think i'll be playing it for a while lol
zale : love it! really well optimised
rohan theblackbird : it is a awesome game keep making such games.
prativa jaiswal : yes i have had to be in touch soon with more information about car and where to be my last day
blake seelen : a great game but i think its a but grindy
ryan pradipta : simple game and good game
abhijeet shelke : controls are really so bad.
thaddeus fernandes : this ist amaizing
angelo adrao : excellent time waster! cool cars yo
ajayi jubril ayo : brilliant idea i love the whole idea about this game
tahsin khan : control are not good enough
eddie thornton : very fun and addictive game
dylan baker : have not played yet excited to see is an absolute man
awg hafizami : i think u need to add some sport car
fakrudheen km : yo eye candy. cool game to kill time
diamond legend : best game ever super fun good graphics and cool maps
chad adams : its ok, not a bad game really. for what it is anyways.
a google user : it's a really nice game. i'm really enjoying it!!
lazy 66mhz : never thought it will be so fun to play
amit sharma : drift not counting properly.
jona mac : really fun, definitely worth a try
vyshnav nair : cool game. kids will love it
gtr lifetho : this is actually good, has that early 80s feeling
anthony mmasi : i've downloaded it.....but it didn't work....
mknightb : it's fun and easy
confidence sossou : so for so good easy to play
zachary wilson : its very addictive after a couple of minutes
parth kapdi : super fun and with all those commentary
o 28 sk sameer rahaman : ossum game but my opinion is that don't add tilt mode
alan benny : one of the best games i have ever played !!! who ever made this u are awesome
luyanda gift : the game is wonderful and i enjoy playing it
brody phillips : add a daily bonus of some sort please xo
ali naranjo : best wo4ld racing game ever lol #drive
syed urooj : nice game ..... and adventure also..... that's great
wizard of ooze : it's a quick thinking game. so...cool.
pahal : the game is very nice classic
asif khan : please guys don't download this game this game is very worst if you download your phone will absolutely hang
bryan flores : coolest game ever i have played i mean really awesome
ahmed aftab raza : good game but somtimes you will be bored
shivamani : controls are too bad
kenzie lumentut : it's amazing and very well made i gave it a 5 star rating
robert mccune : its good but a little bit hard
fire nutter : it's alright but not my taste there's literally to much straight
rohan chattopadhyay : very good game for casual users
menura jayasekara : very unique!..loved everything!
psycho quake : fun game btw i just want car
farham : very good game and have good car
abdurrahman ansari : fun game, great aesthetic
rejin raj : wrost game.. no user friendly.. pathetic creation from the developer..
stevie b : so far, so good. will give 5 stars when i progress a lil more.
gabriel tumbagahan : cannot download i have storage
henan lynden : good racing game.
hamdha oo6 : good game the best game i ever played
nize raeker : nice please update with more new xprience and feature more.
jeff ruch : adds too long
boaz ham : very fun and addictive
thegameguy99 00 : it is a good game i like it it helps me be calm
keyvan vosoughi : perfect road game
ed ward : cool game, but what do the donuts do?
a ghertner : tjis is just the driving game i was looking for
link choi : relaxing..... beautiful graphics
trayveon webber : its eh ok but i dont like the controls
piotr jas : great game, i had a lot of fun with playing this game.
vision : this game has less features i think this game is half published please update.
jomon palayur : add little more features
milad zydabadi : please add more caps on the roads
milad jafari : i didn't like the graffiti the game was boring
beatriz bello : i love this game
luleka khethelo : this game is the best, it has no problems
sasaka haq : awesome game nice physics too
josh deiley : for a mobile game, it is pretty good.
lewis webb : good app, great fun to play!
virender rajput : this game is good but some problems
michael : wont load link tried and tried......boo
scott beal : it sucks it won't work
bigo t : i just rated the game for the new free car .
mark joyce : good challenging pass time
22_luke zhou liang : this game has so much potential,download at your own risk,this game is too addicting
paul s shawcross : love this game to waste time
jacques steenkamp : a damm good game, don't change anything.thank you for this.
bryce harbertson : it's a good game to waste time lol
uzma arqam : really smooth game
k mamei : good game but difficult..
hafiz oktri : would be a lot better if this has gyro control
big bastard : difficult but rewarding.
justkidding : good and requires skill
abhi pandya : control is not good...
david remnant : i love this game it is really fun to play
toshit tewari : bad experience but i don't want to hurt you and your game so giving it 5star
prince-lo dennis : this game is absolutely awesome, i recommend people download this game
himanshu verma : game is very smooth
doluma mijuvisa moncada : awesome game tho i did exploit it but its still a pretty good game
javier ramirez : i like the game is very entertaining
pacemaze : nice game, good physics
pankaj raten : the need of initial guide is very much .
akhil maini : amazing. just a single word to describe this game
reset username youtube : really hard but great.
dwi setiani : the game is good
dustin worobetz : ehh its ok controls are a bit bad
mani tabb : a wonderful game evreything is great about it
james fancy : the game tried to force me to rate it so i did, one star
alexandra strungaru : i think its amazing
kids yeah cars beep beep : the drooley car added
aye min : i'm going to be love this is a good
justice klyne : it's so fun
rishabh paunikar : fun and time pass game
gurjit singh : i can't stop playing it!
michael karlson : cool as good time killer
special education ape : game asked me to rate it
joshua andamon : the game is okay
deepakraj lav : good time pass
luis perez : i like the game and it is a great game and everyone should play it
rohan lahange : world best driving game i'm fully enjoying this game
may may : good job on the things!
ali ayman : honestly its the best
aj chan : fun and challenging
jamal garner : very responsive it stright ill play it
daniel g. : it's addictive and relaxing
adi.pillai : good game...i just love...so addicting...
almasi karol : the game is very nice. i suggest you download it
xxmoddermakerxx : good game love to play when i dont know what to do
cabeludo_cp2 bosco pedro : just a little bit too grindy but ok
pranatijena patra : awesome offline to worth a try
amanda onstott : the steering is bad
meemex _415 : not bad at all 5* but i wish if there was more drifting
dyutiman das : #drive it's like a code , but this game is nice.
octavia franklin : traffic nothing at all
aditya panchal : good for timepass keep it up
malika soltani : it's very good and funny game thank u
jemuel cui : nice game just the controls
austin : it was good i had trouble on the tutorial
21c47 ashish raj : it would be better if race was included
shivam singh : good and stable
md. abir khan : this game is so fun.i've so much fun with this game.
clarence joseph arokiasamy : ads and ads and more ads
kaden stevens : this is a great game 10/10!
afiq haziq : wow i like it soooo much nice graphic
ryjem obsum : like the game...tho at first the controls were hard..... nahh youl vet used to it
asteroidbuilds : the best racing game i have ever played.
asher charles : it's really a good game and a good time killer
dreamer creations : waste of time.. thise game for kids..lol..
eugene ariola : hey you should make some changes like when any car goes on dirt and snow can you make them like dirty and stuff oh btw pls make a another update that there is a new map called philippines barangay buntog and make 2 vehicles named the 45' bobby will be a philippine tricycle and the name pinoy will be a 75' jeepney btw in #drive world cars can talk !? bruh that's ipastable also search for
raj badmash : good game but controller very bad
covan falcon : amazing game like the best mobile game i played yet
keith dashwood : it a fun time waster of a game.
jeremiah reyes : too hard to control
ajith aravindan : love this game but so hard to win
h2o nitro : this is game is so chill pretty cool it it a shot!!
nathaniel ric obra : add description to those new power up on what the heck are they supposed to do.
tm gamer of games : its a awsome game and drive and look i saw very good game pi playing in mobile please new update in 1 augest
sathiya : game was pretty good....keep developing it enjoyed it
paul gregory iwankow : not bad,. little too swervy.
mahesh reddy : good,fun and very interesting game
nikhil tuli : the most addictive game i have ever played!
fortune chinonso : its hard but its cool
jaylord cebritas : pretty dope game i play this all day i'm addicted on this game very epic
cool kid : super fun and addicting
jacyn theone : second best racing game i have ever played
balakrushna hota : a good graphics
martin oviedo badilla : honestly a pretty good game, i like it a lot!
oravaliito : lags horribly on samsung s9+
ethan huang : pretty good but a little grindy
adriano desouza : i don't have alot to say but this game is amazing
mushy mushy potato : it's like one of the good new mobile games
emanuel paz : loading screen is good
denislav borisov : great game reminds me of the old days
100 trusted : superb and hardwork too !
vladimir stirbu : it's very fine and simple
envy-aisha : need more controll of the car
dioxis : nice that's what i am looking for! nice game huh!!!
jess newman : great job on the game guys
untitled : best driving game for your phone
durdana khanum : love the update and i have played the game before and after that update
izumiotsu _ : if ur into cars its a must have game
dale davies : its ok, got bored afer a while.
sosig : this is truly one of the best mobile games i've ever played
awab azhari : hey who make the game : can fix th graphics and thanks
e man : i like it so much it is so much fun!!!
sullivan summers : good game but difficult
savai'i mantha : top shelf game. congratulations.
senura dulshan : this game is very funny
jagadesh raaj : nice game.... awaiting more such from you guys.
max w : its good offline game best one ever
azriel muvasa : the control is so hard
bailey talbot : good but hard to play
piyush pathania : more maps please
fahmi quranul : i like this game really good for relax gaming
beron gaming : very nice game ever i am playing this game for a year
luffy d monkey : awesome game and its unique
fazil fazz : this game is very interesting and amazing game i like this
banana studios : its good but i get a excited when i get follow'd by the po po
barbie marricle : i like the game the way we can drive
gan od gan od : i like the art stile a lot
werbette 101 : pretty good but can be hard
craig robins : quite a delicious game, which make me stomach rumble
0025 sahil : it's a good driving game.i like playing it
joseph jadulco : one of my fav games to kill time
inderjeet singh : just one word...amazing..love it
abdirahman ahmed : i love this game. it's amazing game i play forever
jeoi tim chan : extremely good and relaxing
sagarika padhi : i love this game her graphic was good
joshua pasaba : can't open the app
nigel coote : great game no issues so far
brown man : very fun game and addictive
dan chen : everything is spot on, really give that 90s vibe
prabath piyadasun : it was awesome. just what i needed!
kopperhead_kain : super fun you should play
shivam jadkar : i love this game. this is very fun to play.
kurbron mitchell : i love this game sooooo much it is so fun.
minh tri hoang : a great timekiller! and i didn't expect to see vietnamese in this game.
dizzikiwi baby : nice game i looove the graphics hope you update this game real soon
joba smock : this is the best thing ever i love it you should to hope you like it
luke holt : very fun car game.
11 22 : its cool just the control response
#uknown# {character} : this game is a waste of data it didn't even install
fadingvapes : you can drive and its fun.
elijah james robarios : 10/10 would recommend. great time killer
aljames ramos : please add new places and new cars
sidharth k.d : the best game really enjoy it
maria fil-am tayab : can you pls make the mb 48 or 39 cuz i cant downlosd it anymore
oliver rivers : way to bad to even write anything
a google user : its a nice game i really really enjoyed n enjoying it
khan khan : fun and nice game
waone phaswana : cool cars and a man taking
charles pene : it's fun, and pretty good for what it is.
wraith : very fun and addictive
hissan hamid : i think i played a game like this 6 years ago and it was my favourite game
callum hirst : very fun and well made game
zeyad abdelmoneim : so different and too much excitement
midwestdieselpwr 12vc : fun and challenging
whffy : honestly it's one of the best games i've played it's just put together so well
jay gamez : very fun game and addictive
arabiic : basically one of the best mobile games ever
f1ref0x : played it for a few weeks and it's pretty good
rahul ghatul : could become more better or also best. need some changes.
mrcake : the more youre add unitys particle system and shader the more you now and drink some milk -dani
kenny mccormick : love it. just do a run and you will know
suryamani garimella : very good but very to drive
mohamed rustum : fun and challenging
leonel tovar : is so easy and fun
dd9 : fun game but very grindy.
smh gamerz : fun, fast paced, keeps you on your toes
dony lony : it's good game. me liked, nice time kill
abhinav : beautiful and fun game.
savio mampilly : thus game brings back old og gaming into you...and is amazingly epic
dean rhodes : fantastic what a gem of a game to find
varun mishra : good game but please improve more
r p c : sometimes it's hard to control
vposerrz : this game is so fun and relastic
i prantik : controls are too bad
david random stuff : nice stuff best controls
parwez sulaiman : i like this game it is hard to control but i like it
logan bennett : fun and great time waster
chloe campbell : grat game and grqpicha
titas karcemarskas : pretty hard but nice game
aditya thakur : very good game but not control
helo videos official : nice game and best quality and vfx
ben drew : less ads please
mini me : very good chill game to pass the time
maver1ck pain : i now have difficult time and this game is unbelieverible
autismo and friends : feels like a game i used to play as a kid...
timothy casarez : i love the game it's classic
zac ridgeway : it won't let me play the game i tried to play it but it won't let me
mani sadeghi : so bountiful game and amazing
acash alrazi : i love the drifting in this game!!
fiktion channel : the ads. are insane.
bean. check. : i really like this game it is a good time killer
a google user : the game control is very nice
narendra nandan : very fun and addicting
yoga pramana purwa : nice.. good hanldling for me more car please
skillzkillpd : that game isn't super fun but it's cool
prince alex dumagat : nice addicted game offline too
lawrence apawan : this game is very lame and boring!!!!!!
mohamed luayyu : one of the best free car games i have played
taki defender : for me this game i can play it all day that why is 5 star
konrad trela : very addicting and fun
kartik pundir : awesome!!! it feels good playing this game
brandon c : pretty epic thanks for the car
kkoolkid gaming : its fun to pass time
diallo harris : this is probably one of the best things i've ever played 10/10
junaid khan : great experience for android....
blake thigpen : really good helps me take my mind off thing for a while
derek hitt : great game is a bit hard
jowil baldestamon : nice game and its kinda chill to play
i-have -no-brain : fun game about driving.
alex : well made but pretty boring
sheluvmg : it works and the game is amazing
jose horta : its really fun!!!!$
mary njahera : it's a great game for my son .he loves it
allvin angga putra : this game is absolutely good, this is highly recommend
gravy is car : it is a good game for if your bored
hritik manzi : best game. good quality too.
manmati adhikari : impossible to play a match for even 10 minutes
j .c : a very good game when bored.
abdurrahman ahmad : amazing, it's out of most of racers expect
pathum dilmina : good game very good download all no problems
abhimanyu singh rajput : simple and awesome
azariah thomas : its good for a starter game.
james patrick cuarton : no other words, i love it!
ejt flips : extremely fun offline game
deep sheep : fun game. kinda addictive!
stetco catalin : great waste of time
k a r a n n : good game and the guy is so funny
mike rhee : great game to space out with
jithin dt : its an amazing game no words
sanju halder : really amazing this game ,i am very impressed ...
astik jaiman : boring and disgusting application
wendy jo : so am playing on my phone and it is not turning
jasjit mondal : its very nice and fun in ur free time
kon : bought premium first day, game's worth it
neon razel sucgang : i've been waiting for so long, for the perfect game, and now here it is
ihavecandy : the greatest rage game i've ever played.
protein guy : the game was so awesome you should try.. i promise..
david ounga : the game is amazing and interesting.
edgar ustian : it's a fun driving sim
anzil abdulhakkim : best vintage game....nice gameplay
cleofferson tajan : wow i really really like this game keep it up
auro : best offline addictive game
blxcky : it's a great offline game
teh d. : fun. smooth. sexy. i like it.
cavemanfire : it was one of the best car games ever
naruto s : this game is very cool on the world!!!:)
vernita h : this game is so fun i play it everyday
it'sactually krisshnae : best game for time pass
pedro mendes fontes : very nice game, good handling
pranav toofanny : the game is really good and enjoyable.
aaron roger : good game for mind
hasif aadhil : this is a very super game. i play this game forever
vivek kumar : i love this game this cool game i want a racing mode in this game
juvenile : could make the first car better.
fattaul azim : please developed the graphics
baikunth bhoi : very difficult game
super gamer 2007 : best game ever i can't believe that such a game is available
winn beasley : tough to get gas
riley smith : terrible controls amazing game
fazil hcu20a08 : nice game for passing hours by playing this game
rajesh iaf : never seen this like stupid controls...
valhallaschosen : pretty fun when you get into the flow.
jismon xavier : it's so bad because it doesn't give you free robux like it says it does
atharv holey : nicest game i've ever played.....makes me download it again & again
sinchana : tough game but addiditive game try it now!!!!!!
zahir mir : this is total wastage of data
melvin hee : nice game to hop into and out off
gloria ekka : this has a best experience nd i like it make more game like this game this is best game ever
tyler skolmen : very addictive and fun
junaid ahmed m : great game anyway i did because of the car
charles albert neil adviento : jelly roblox mining is a great place for the most popular and popular web sites that are and
demon : interesting graphic.cool controll.
tatsu. : i really like it, it helps me..... relax...
jean-luc gilbert : not bad need to play more to see
ali fiction : this game has not level that is great
ur mum is gay af : hella fun kept me company through some really lonely depressing times will forever hold a dear spot in my heart
haremking : amazing game best game to get though boring times
saba atcharadze : easiest 5 stars i had give to any game.
beka apsatarov : marvelous game. i advise it for all people )
jon head : the games good enough for 5 stars
konoha korosuke : good game...i love it...time passer
beast fc : great game for passing time
suraj patel : good but hard gameplay
karthik p : realyy a nice a bit time taken to control
rahma mulyawan : #drive is good game for me but this game easy to play
fagan rides : not much to it, but pretty legit. 9/10 ign
given ndaba : it is a very amazing car game
goutam kumar : no words to say it's entraining
mohd kaif.n : poli sanam this game is poli if u don't understand my words check in google
fierce fin : boring and dumb.
chris hugo : this is a great game and you should download it
cyrus cedrick gabito : i'm not explaining it but the developer's can found the problem...cause i'm not a guy for explaining stuff...(sorry)
geoff atkins : fun steering u can change everything is great about this game!
michael clarke : haven't played yet but looks fun
i am budid : awesome...need more tracks
kaif jamal : very hard to control
astronaut atlas : noice 5 stars because graphics and cops there cool
aboobakar.s aboobakar.s : the real expierence nice controll the best game i love it
sajikumar b : its a good game i enjoyed it so much. nice!!
warm place : this is a cool game and i had is when i was i think 7
minnow's miscellaneous : good but not enough intricacies
jacobo laurent c. villena : it is the most adictive game i ever played.
sazzad fahim : this would be a good game if there was stage mode.
benliee j : the developer really improve the game like it!!
gr8beat : the commentator is my best friend in the game
varun ps : nice game , good controls
chandrahas kasture : asom and helltoo game man??????nmmalqo
jaundre weitz : cool game so addictive to play
siddharth pavan : this game is simply relaxing.
music vibe : best car game on the playstore
hiranmoy buragohain : great and simple game and if the developers are seeing this pls add jdm cars like nissan skyline gt-r, toyota supra mark 4, mitsubisi evo 4 or nissan 350z pls i beg you and i'll rate it 5 out of 5 pls hear me
diksha swaroop : this game grafies is so good wow
john lemonz : great game, lots of fun
dan wal : good. i only did this for the car.
sad mula : i don't like car games but this one number 1
azuolas lengvynas : this game is amazing for mobile
mr sparrow : would have 5 stars if no ads or at least 1or 2
caitlin spry : this game is what it says, pretty fun actually
open hi hat : good graphic good gameplay
fisty mchagus : forced me to rate the game so you get one star.
jack aguon : great game it's one those games that i don't delete
5hours : the most wonderful singleplayer game in my total life
boy madness : awesome game, like it so much.
shubham kayastha : probalbly the most interesting endless game..
ksenija md : its fun and very epic. yay
a.s.m sayef : vary nice game. everyone should play the game.
omar aziz : great game, amazing style
axe hunter : this is a good game. you should play it too.
sith_yt : it's such a good game it even had controller support
to dhito : this game is so funny and i enjoy this game
lostindream space : it is a little bit addictive
jr smiff esq : good but brake needs fixing
thatchillgamer : finally a good driving game
hadi ghorayshi72 : it's good but after some days it bored me
action2019 pro : it's not too bad but still a lil addicted
edward collyer : the game is really good, i enjoy
ebenezer baidoo : this game is too nice when playing.
suman tiwari : this game is awesome and cool to play
ernesto jimenez : cool, not perfect but good
happy akther : its very good and cool game i like this game
rr gamer : the is good but the car is not good
soundaressan soundaressan : its very nice to drive
daniel slaughter : really good game (did this for the car)
r akter : nice game and i love the trueno car
hlg rugs : an amazing timewaster. love it.
akash singh : ok cool thanks for the next time i get to see the is over and over again with my and friends that have been so busy with school and work with the family room to the now i'm just gonna have the money and you know how you been to you too i love it and then you have any plans for tonight at work now but it will get a hold on to it as much time on your for me too i love it when people don't have any questions
dazedgoldnoob gamer : it's a fun game and good overall
n k lalith : best game in this segment.
giovanni cisneros : forced popup to review app that's not cool
a.f. sulistio : great game, not muxh issues
michael dogan : it is so much fun i love it
rznfl : great game to kill time
hamzah ahmad : it's so fun everyone must try it out
dope gaming : driving for a long time, good time killer
leonardo trillanes : cool game in every way.
joey dailey : it take too long to make money
thomas smith : great game i would totally recommend getting this game
cer the pb j ord : much fun, much play again
joshua diaz : been playing it for almost 2 yes now. this game never gets old
kartik karval : one of the best game ever i have been playing at this time i love it
md naim alam lione : nice game is at work so
ekpono etok : doesn't play on my device, it just close the app
japhath agy : nice game for passing time
ali norozzadeh : good if you have controller
kiki townsend : it's really fun, i would recommend this game.
t4k1 : game's awesome, recommended.
camilla turner : it is good i didn't ran into any problems
edrick adriel panjaitan : interisting gameplay, i like this one
mugen rao : pushing ad thats only bad
aurelijus didysis : absolute love, naration is why i give 5/5 to this game
we are noobs : the most beautiful car game in my life
quwayne morrison : this game is awesome take it from me download it u wont regret it
it's yourboy tariq : great game little modifications
ashlee ortiz : this game is awesome the game play great.
irtiza hasan : just the game i was looking for! rock on dude!
schemeaz generation : i really love this game its awesome .
king k : really good it's really fun
meet rajgor : good game after same time you would bored
lone wolf : great game, would recommend it.
nicholas robson : nice game to pass the time.
nickolas beyne : great game with specific taste
monico junior : this game is so good! really well developed!
nadia duke : four words i love this game
sangeeta das : love the endless ride!
shaik mohamed chandpachu : it is pretty strategic!
meysam mohammadi : a beautiful game i like it too much
brigan : good game to play when bored
gau tam : only 20 levels.
femboy licker : good drivin game a bit twitchy and slidy tho
nefdarknight : the app crash a lot
mobile gameplay : good but money is hard to get
rakurai okami : it forced me to rate it after the training
loner_3rik : the game is nice it runs smoothly in my end
brian canovas oak : great game, one of my top 10
mayank sharma : one of the best on the platform.
joseph perez : it actually pretty entertaining
arman momin : this is expensive game i like this game
ivan riady : fun and addicting
muntswu chifhiwa : this game is very good i love it a lot
ains aool gown : woah this is nice game that i've ever seen so guys download this app
lucas bautista : this is a super nice game i ever seen hahahahahaha
amit kumar sinha : i love this game is now a surprise for me.!!:)
shaban mburu : the worst game i have ever seen.it's played by babies
tina robinson : the game is awsome its so fast
eee : love this game it's sooo coool!
anuradha pandey : i playing this game too much from 2 years
filou filou : nice easy game
duncan carter : great game. just try it and see.
jaya prakash dme don : i will first time playing thise game lovebl this game
justine parkhouse : it's a very good game i love it
angus memmott : very fun good quality
moses matovu : wa wa waa wat an interesting day on this game
a_bot _19 : i really enjoy this game
custom spotlight axe : this is a best game ever
sanzay shahi : nice but not additives
conrad reyes : nice game so much stuff
booty muncher : bad game dont recommend makes you rate bad game stupid idoitic
chhuantea pc : the best game ever
filip bielik : pretty good game! i recomend!
ahmed al iraqi : it's relly nice game
babak nateghian : very very good game
anurag singh : nice game for time pass
lili patir : this is a very good game
riddhi chatterjee : very hard to play
chris bairstow : addicting and fun!!!
novan ardita : i like comedy like this game
aethetic piper:d : wow.. its an amazing and addictive game
lol lul : great game..i have never played such a game..but it's cool
logan eggerth : it's ok but why do you have to collect my personal data
reza k : very very good and fun too! i love it
rajib das : this is the wrost gaming control i ever played
aparna misra : good game but become quite boring
jules andrea racuya : so smooth and good
legodinosuar 2 : its a good game for kids
gaurav dutta : no matter how much i drift it doesn't get recorded
robi-ann doyle : very good gameplay.
hollywood muyunda : i now i have said this alot of times but now it true best game ever
zarar orakzai : no cri death video helve shush census soffit frustration crusty brecht goto degree gobo l strait dugout cawthorne feel funny that when we have a few more of us there a lot more and more and more of the same people in the team 6 i think is you going on a bike ride today and the just is here to well pretty a and i am hoping for to weather on sunday as well and the sun will be look bit little relaxed than i a have be telll play head around with house corner telll play. z
arya dave : need help. i'm on level 13- how do i trick the police. please help #drive team.
joshua thake : amazing it is so much fun
dylan bishop : to quote the heavy... is nice
ben richard : i love how the game go smoothly
aiberson : this is the type of racing game that i really wanted
tuog productions : not an outstanding game by any means
tyler pierce : this game is the best game ive played in a while i highly recommend it
giga motskobili : this app is trying to steal information. don't install !
van wyngaard j : good job with the game
anton paul : nice game ever i seen and funny too
a google user : nice game but control is bad
rutvik modi : they fooled me by saying that if i reviewed this then they'll give me a car..but they didn't
london reyes : great to pass the time
irene margret : funtastic game like most this games
krazy status hindi / english : very nice games please multiplayer
jesus jaramillo martinez : very funny and beautiful
jasnain puente : nice and simple
darly jacob : awesome game. loved it !!!!!!
derp gaming21 : thi is a fun game i wish ther was more like it
md d n i s h : this game is good for time pass
budi budi : great game and simple
akshay raj : to hard to control
jessen januardevin : this game very cool and feel amazing!
roberto mazzara : i love the song and cars
mohammadjavad s.m : good but don't have good gameplay
travis foley : good game but a bit fidgety
oxymoron : wish the police chances were more intense and u could get arrested
jayden duke : this game is soo much fun i do recommend it
shock wood : i really love the game and thats all i have to say
hossein karimi : great!that have beatiful maps
stephen karl cayube : i am definitely having a godd driving experience
ben ngash : i was unable to start the app,
dimas azfa rahman : this game is very addictive i like it
jimmy herman : fun and addicting
kate mcleish : a bit tricky but you get better and better
m.s.s. the creative : great game, very fun.
siebert van wilder : lag spikes on a flagship phone...
vegece thepilot : really fun game, not gonna lie here.
ali abilyas : the best driving game ever
it's me : best game specially for time pass best game best game specially for time pass best game
nikolai aristov : fun and relaxing
rajdeep paul : i wish this game had some more content.
roblox cool player : this game is nice cool and the old days
biswayan nandi : i've never seen a game this perfect
dom smeraglia : good game but can get boring
chrisby boley : the controling on its terrible!
karan kale : ah.. love for drifting can resume in action.
aishathul sheharban : super man good but different game
davis salazar : it's fun and nothing wrong with it
fein _tastic : the game is so awsome.and there is a cops,a gas station,donut store so can stop the cops.
ginda : it is good game to kill time
mr manoj : good game and funy movement
mephisto : nice game but the only issue is brakes
sumeet kumar : such a chill and peaceful game.
kevin c. : quality game, cybertruck when ?
azzah azzah : it hard to control
dinesh gulia : nice game this game will never let you bore
bruno saldanha : cool game, very well done!
mon chen : good grpahic and good move.
kealeboha keele : takes too much space
aaron vadnai : fun game. great game play.
tanmay : funny and interesting game
black kid : it's really fun i love it
isaiah cassell : the best driving game ever
uneedme ? : add more cars, please
jacob manowitz : really fun and simmple game
justiceog yt : it was good its one of the only games i play
maira martins : it's so fun i love the game good game
condrachuc veaceslav : very fun and nice looking game
md tahamid : i love this game everything is very cool in this game
thaddaeus rowe : you force me to rate your game, i rate you 1 star.
steve fox : only been playing for a couple minutes seems kool so far
surprise jalep3no : fun and easy
mohammed jaseel : one of the best addictive game
the dark knight : really loved everything but the cntrols should improve
mohd. ayan : nice game for timepass
lord rutse : i love the cars and all that
shilpa shinde : nice. game doesn't hanging in my mobile
haider rahman : amazing but kind of boring
chanda tajave : very nice picture colity
randy b : a bit touchy but fun
john is cool : its a good driving experience
wisso : good game, add multiplayer!!
cap osama elkomy : very good and addictive game i loved it so much
girish tangariya : nice and fun
shish ali : very nice plz install the game you play very think how can i speak that
priyamvada roy : i never play this type of game it is soo cool
thoufeeq adoor : very better'grafics i love game this game bettar story
kr mouna : very nice game please try it once
jamarcus jones : fun and old school i like it
sachin deo : very smooth game
sharkuzi : this game is stupid how do you even get the coins!!!
summer miller : kicks me out when it says #drive when i click start
emily phillips : i love this game the cars are epic
nicolas delorenzini : cool game, i play it every day!
andrey norasi : fun, not for people who get angry about games .
lethu king : ive never played a game like this. by far one of my favorites.
mark nomqhuphu : oooh wow!!...wish i could say more but this game got me speechleeeeeeees!!
satish rai : its good gamme but no down loadas
attila kun : fun game nice time waster
dylan leigh : its fun but basic
tate's show : it is a good game there are like no adds
mohit agarwal : simple and involving game
vasu joura : this is a really fun game to play
nick s. : applications that force a review automatically receive a 1-star rating.
purple toxic : good quality game nothing wrong
aijaz khan : awesome...very entertaining...thanks
anan the gamer : one of the best car game played ever
n & r m : best game i have played on mobile!
sadman sakib mollah : wow. the grafics and the voice its goddamn cool
rajan thomas : thr game is nice ..its quite boring
cory welch : i love it is good and it has good quality
isaac leigh : pretty good for a free game
jameela qadir : anything comes to play store now day is trending
jordan jones : pretty good game, no faults to report.
nk latha : it's an amazing game, i loved it.
ramon hernandez : fun waste of time
slickblader : its hard but you get used to it
joe latteri : it is very fun & hard
kanwal chaudhari : bringing the vintage gaming era back
speakingnewton : the best cars game i've ever played!
hellfire 666107 : amazing and addicting!
tasfiqul tapu : really nice game . worth 5 star.
satrio indrawibowo : can u make cars fast i always bump
rajni dogra : i am 8th may not work in 7th may 8cm to get to see if the charge is recommended
rajasekhar a : i found this game interesting and very calm
anandhu : is this game very nice and entertaining
priya devi : this game is great game like wen i played i felt great and cool game
jadhav sujeet : best game to play. i loved this game
ferreyra fv : cool game and aesthetics
muhamad rizky adrian : literally fun game to play
baljinder singh jassar : this game don't have senser options for drive
damon hilborn : takes time to get the hang of things
viren nagdev : very bad game worst game of the world
keppy deppy : great game all round!
nathan dayman : its nice to play if you are boerd
jay_ xt : i've already played this game, still it is great.
s .s : this game is so much perfect ilove it
somyo verma : probably best driving game ive ever seen
fabulous rider : i like this game because it is so funny
swagg _alpha : its great when you get use to it.
shlok mane : this game is so good. i always enjoy playing this game.
watch out : add tilt control please!
sagnik basak : congratulations developers you've made my favourite game at the momet
antwone sinclair : the game is awesome love it
disha debnath : this is the best game ever. thx for making this game.
devang chauhan : nice game but not control
soyboii : the best driving game i've ever played
martin hilligenn : really cool and fun game
a google user : very good graphic
aman tewari : phenomenal retro too good.
big boi : nice cool game! love it!
conrad pickard : extremely fun would recommend!
yoga hardika : nice game to fill my time
evan : meh. not much to it. not that fun.
gibo gwapo : i love this gamr thank for nake this
vivek chandra gupta : i love this game its very interesting
dennis rabota : it's a great game to pass the time.
aman shaj : best car driving ever played
siavash makhmalbaf : its super game and i love it thanks gus for this game
play my life : i am downloading it because of the comments posted on it give congrats
kriss rackovan : its actually a really fun game
mack aljun murillo : its very fun to play
shahzad ahmed : best game ever in the world
no.name_user 53 : this game is fun and adictive
ryucus : it so cool to drift all around
stressful : fun game very addicting
g furious : it's so cool and satisfying
lazaro albarran : great game to kill time
dony l0l : really fun game to play
falcon g : most worst game i have ever seen in my life..... ..........
lucia saroha : the game is really cool i like it
angelo futad : damn! i haven't played it bcoz i can't even install the app!
icsy aa : game won't play.
jesse sparks : great game when your bored
khin san nwe : it is really relaxing for me to play.
mayash hassan : it was great
roman pospelov : looks atmospheric. i liked it.
febra bayu : easy to play
otto_ 999 : this game has potential..it can be much more than what it is now.
johan jerry thompson : its a amazing game thanks to who made this
mike roshe : can you please add a hilux puckup truck. ill change to 5 star
nag nag : not good controls
mason cassel : fun waste of time
alex_games.3011 a : cool game it's good it's good time killer
dane zidane : the only game i found that has photo mode !
amsal momin : good driving there, pal
ghanshyam mahto : feels good while playing.
nikita : nice but boring
xenul jhala : really good game to paas time
none none : wish their was controller support
vaggelis chatiras : very nice game
lucia chisi : three words i love it
mahmoud gabbani : what a tremendous game. i just love it!
hamed wagdy : it's so fast and fun
thomas m.k : this game is awesome, i love this game!
panzer kommandant : this game is good i highly recomend you to download this game
vegasu : riddled with ads, eats giant cock
a google user : it looks fun to play
sahil desai : worst controls ever i seen in my entire life
baby yoda dude : gives me something really fun to do in my spare time
victor flores : addictive, yet fun!!
zew patetico : its great. my son loves it
otso vesterinen : what do i have to say, plain amazing!!
nightwing222 stirling : great game love the style
james lawe : who doesn't love this game are cursed this game is the best game ever
april whetstine : i love it this is so fun
g - shock : nice story, it is addictive
alisa gs : thats one of the best car games
kevin m : yeah great game!!! ilove cars
sam : fabulous game love the drifting
fabien joseph : best game could get more camera views..in updates.
nektar tsigkras : it's a pretty good game but i want more maps
vinit : very nice game
xuan quyen : great game, 5/7!
sayan : damn bro!!! this game really deserves a 5 star
j b : not happy with the progress.
mohammad marshi : this game is great ,. ...i love the game
gary long : fun lil game. worth a play
artem : that's perfect stylish game
droppsterx : good game really enjoyed it i recommend.
tejas raman : good game to kill some time
mohamed ali n : floaty controls but nice game yalad
esteven navarro : it's a great game to pass the time.
aidan williams : it's chill and the gameplay good
martin manrriquez : i like the game and cool car
michelle benitez : very good graphic iloveit
killerlochie 11 : good game like the photomode
andre wizach : more track would be nice
antonio gillard : controls are hard
suyog2009 animation : it yas to good to play its experience is like a trial
suvro ganguly : best game to play to avoud boredom
abhinav t a : hard to control
bruce diaz gaming : good game to kill time.
shikshit nawani : give a gyro support please..... it's all this game needs
issam nazmi : its super cool thanks for the person who made it
jackson kruse : a fun time waster in class
samuel kalai : great time killer for me while i am sitting on my lazy ass...
armaan khan : this game is verry good i suggest to downlode it
shyam m suvarna : handling is difficult
nery romero : really enjoying it so far
zura ph : such a nice and good game although hard to control
zenpai lotus : the game is nice and amazing
alexanderia sagar : good app like the physics
taha esfahaninejad : cool game overall addictive
dima montvilas : very good abit dithy cult but very good
godzilla23 : great game i love playing it.
auri and meow chaw dey : love the graphics and cops
mohammed abdul haseeb : an outstanding game .i prefer it to all of you.
abhaykumar mali - 151 : this is very addictive game
erdem mahfoudz : nice game and very interesting
heavenlytokyo : just calm and relaxing
micowhild micowhild : cool games i really enjoy it
ethan potgieter : absolute best performance
murshid alam : clean,satisfying,intelligent
achmad khiyaril : this is great game for adventure race
j y : why do you need access to my google drive account ?
j hu : not a bad game but not my cup of tea either.
begari naveenkumar : hmm i like this game. really so cool.
kidnaper : i have to rate this app becouse i will get a free car
adam lindaman : great simple game
nipuna keragala : great to ease the mind
simon none : i have problem to opening the tokyo map
divyanshu singhania : worst game in the world don't download the game your internet will be wasted if you download the game
cleverly ridiculous : need to verify quality over time.
sampath k : i didn't see anything like this game in 15 years of experience good
sampath kumar : such a awesome game.. please add fpp mode
puedemos llegar a 1 millon sin videos porfavor : it's so cool the controlers are.great
jace mccoy : its a lot like another game i played except better
lexa43 : cool graphic style
ryan cronin : fun game. looks great
perfect computer : it is nice game thats why i will give 5 star great!
diptarghya banerjee : this is good offline game
duwayne walker : amazing fantastic gameplay
mosi mp : please allow playing with wi-fi networks
karlis tamovics : why isnt this on the top of the charts its soooo polished
farook shakeeb : this game awesome thanks so much for game
avijit das : hard to play i don't think i can proceed with further 100m
nandan ravi : controls are horrible.
oskiee : controls are horrible.
vros gaming in yt : amazing game it's actually fun
leachard kruger : it's so fun and awesome
t : good game download is worth downloading
anas : wow i reall feel that this game is very interesting for me
hamid hamid : amazing! keep up the good work
saiful azly bin mohd zaki al hassan : love it , props to the devs
naeem khan : unintuitive mish mash...uninstall
joel yacoby : very good it works perfectly
kylan rock : very very good game its very cool try it
jintei : its the best driving game
imnotquack_ : verry good make the phisics better tho
u : #great visuals good game love it
joebxth : fun gameplay. thats all!
krishna erriah : i completely recommend this game it's so fun !
jilu joby : ad an awesome car which is called the tesla cybertruck
sarita umari : very nice game kitty game
polyclinic hospital : topjnhbbhbjj of games and i will be at the house at the end of the day i was in the shower and then head to the airport in i really enjoyed working when everyone kejdjdndhuxhd up and i lag ja sim sim game free download kskjdjxj a little late but i'll be there at a friend's and then dudjdjdjsnjsdn to uhxhxbxnxnxnxbxbxndbxbdbdbdndndn dbbxbd to email eu and i will send the t out you know what jdjjdjdj window in every bruh b up euj be back up heh b nnnrj and the u uu jenj n j n n of the time wala b
in my mind : i like thats graphics is wooww
beatbox challenge : best free time game
kate quinga : yoo this game is so cool and its a game that is so cool and the game is so cool
neo kg : it's a fine game but i'll install it some other time.
rajendra patil : hate controls & sensitivity.....
kristijonas bruzas : i like it so far lmfao its kinda wack but thats why i like it
i am josh : good for passing time when you don't have internet
tania naznin : very good controla
naik naik : is it just me or is the sound kinda messed up
mazin abdul azeez : this is way more awesome than i thought!!
madanraja rajamohan : this was very good but thr handling was ok
zyd : amazing games and free
romeil minnaar : i moded the game and now it's awesome
jun narido : its a great game. i recomend it.
julio rios : fun for a couple of hours
link_1 1 : a nice game of cars
selman sar : 5 stars if it gives the car (gonna chance if it wont)
pramila warad : best game ever created. people giving bad reviews should die
daniel p : game doesnt even start for some reason :/
natisuper demeke : this game is for the loosers only. i cannot download the game
jjgamer404 : i think it is really fun
shaik zarina : the game thaat i always imagined in my childhoood thanq yu
william sage : good but lacks depth
cik puan watiey : i like this game and it's fun to play
malik fa : oh c'mon -1 star for the ads okay... hehehehe
savita sharma : good but no tilt system
neil lemmer : iy is a cool game but neet worke
business man : nice and challenging
prabhath dc : good game and many more improvement
clash master raghav : awesome lobby grabhics and texture
abdul malik : best racing game ever!!!!!
ravi shankar : i love it, it's good to play.
elite : one of my top 5 favorite games
chandler lane : really good simulator.
floppychzcake : this was a lot better than i thought it was, i love it.
its a wyvern not a dragon : drive and it will be extreme
vishnu d.s : bespt app for time pass!!!
fish : just a cool driving game
harshavardhan c n : gyroscope steering should be there
yoai moai : it's a good game it's a good gamee (it's alive)
roadkill studios : great game i recommend getting this.
fri5ky : addictive af..love it..add some weather fx if you can yall..and please add tilt controls ..
ismail abou merhi : i like this game because it's sooooo fun
faraz ibrahim : money guzzling app! really bad from devs
donna anderson : its ok i just got to play it.so im just finding out obout it. i will let you now i lile it
redtherandom 23 : pretty good time waster. all i can say
siddhi pandit : this game very nice because i will give 5stars
bentley beats : the upgrade part in tutorial is broken asf
hma aleem : it's a very good and boring game
keeran hicks : great game i absolutely love this game
taylor courtoreille : it's a overall good game very fun
dhanajaya rao : very nice game just for time past
treqabee : i love the style of this game
natanael adam : this control is very hard
mariam sm : i dont now how to say
manish kaushik : simple and boring
a google user : very poor not download
tigran tonoyan : needs more roads
tsolmonbayar odkhuu : i have no words.it's a perfect game
aditya salunkhe : best and simple game i've played.
luka stipanelo : great cinematic feeling game
sooraj mohan : lol i'm just installing this and the trailer video just blew my mind so i'm giving it a five star
amarjeet rathi : a very nice game. play it
oseloka isichei : very easy fun
macabe sprenkle : its a really fun game
naveen malingan : great game to kill time
david alvarado : its really fun and cool
just teaming official : its a good game i recomend it to anyone
riddhesh ramachandran : the best stimulator game ever played
roccobonini aws : super fun. good stuff. and it got better
simonezekielyt : nice but pls add more jdms
steve vlach : its awesome. try it!
khasmer : dont know what so say but nice game!!!
victor avilan : pretty cool game (not helpful review)
nayan kumar : game is fully relax game
deacon blade : very fun, very well made.
matej vele : fun to play, realy
johnpeter v. tangpus : this game so boring
emmanuel gambiza : ohhhhh ooouuuu this game is litty... update this game ryt now more levels plz
lee chung liang : hard to control
blurpy : this game is good and relaxing
caleb snow : really. fun and gives a good experience.
nasha n : this game is good for my nephew.
destiny owoh : sweet game.... so addictive
stoopidguy_ : cool and chilly game would recommend it
lance limmuel imbuido : it's good but im not good at the game
patrick meyer : so much fun game is made well
colin douglas : loving it decisively thrilling
elizabeth helms : it dose not have any adds
ez-kai : this game is so freaking addictive
yung fasa : it's a dope driving game for sure
marselo martinez : to me it is a very good game would recommend
cz tv : very fun too play.
quintin drury : i love this game it's so fun
devesh : one of the best offline game
fabian brill : i love this game it's just awesome
sbuda the gamer rsa : it capparatofotical bro i like the game regard
vaeshen raj : wow it is the best game keep it up
badr abdelsalam : everything in this game is very very bad
cristian negron : its nice love it just so much action
sarthak mitra : you can add siren to police cars and add a ambulance
jeffrey gibbons : still getting the feel for it haha
nitin justa : at first its hard to play.
- thetellyou - : wish i could turn while braking
ntp fe4rless : it's a good car game
sachin kumar : the same time as a good day at a bit of an
domanic gutierrez : acted like a pretty decent game
aditya suraj : it's a good game a great time killer
keano cloete : had me at times, awesome game
adamaliff hakimi : this game is so fun! this is the best game i have play
hahahahahahahaha : worst game ever, don't play it
ricky vargas : its so fun to play it
samantha li : i love the drifting of this game
sound jacker : rly fun and addictive
pranjal singh : it is a great car game
felipe iz : it reminds me of japanese series initial d
dhany agung priyatna : nice game. its funny
girish prasad badoni : this game have a nice controls
cptn_ skii : its very smooth
love ac ac : two way infinite with petrol bank, doughnuts collection, repair shop, police chase all on the go
shandexx gaming : nice with minimum game
exotic shepard : lot of endless fun
vonte burke : its a really fun game
abhinandan sai : amazing dude abslolutely loved it!!!
brent xavier : great game, i highly recommend it!
aqlan zakwan : the game that i want for a long time tq for making this game
jager doesyt : i wish you would change the orange window color of the hachitofu to match the windshield
ya boi jay : great game 5 out of 5
ahmed fady : this is very beautiful game
yc fu : glad to be playing this game.this game is lit
hamada alaaeldine : not a bad game it's fun to play it
gordhan singh : it's best game to play store
tyler durden : very nice little game...!
harsha dhameja : nice and simple
theodore freeman : this is a good causal game to play
itz_ _smyanplayz : it's awsome,free and so what i want!!!
marie paulhamus : probobly the best car game ive ever played!!!
milos petrovic : this game is my favorite game on phone
steven donovan : i think its really fun
besar shabani : perfect game love it
maximus skretas : pure rubbishness. its glitchy and when i goddamn turn it don't do anything
nyte : this is what i've been looking for! a one of a kind game!
newtamilan lorryservices : it is a crazy game please play this game
adrawi : a really great retro game
a google user : super game and i want more game like this
trash : great game from what i have seen so far
hananta trendyarta : a very very cool game.
eli africa : booooooooosssssssssss game best car game i played in a while
eskander mastouri : i like it it's a pretty chilling game u know
kostek szubra : fun time killer without wifi
ham_of_the_udi : nice driver seat that you play in
robert smith : just started. pretty good. appealing.
caleb nash : could be more detailed as in more things to do
sajjad jafari : nice racing game
paul john gliane : one the best game on mobile
jilberto pansza : challenging and fun
martins amusan : it's a really cool game,i love it
endless gaming : great game!! nothing issue
retro green white orange oneill : cool game i'm going to get my friends to play
inam junior : been ages since i enjoyed a game like this
light. : amazing game very cool very epic why? cuz good graphics
bright mngadi : really good game...chill and fun
krishana kashyap : control is not good
shinu anaz : so good game everyone you have to play it
ian plyler : gooooooooood, good fps, not usual in a game like this
x310 khan ibrahim : this game has easy controlls
nacho noah : rally fun game i would recommend it
matthew massengill : no motorcycle. please add motorcycle.
chaturvedi vikas : cool game , you should try it !
valter nirk : good game (cod:modern warfare is better)
jnyanadeep : it is one of the best less mb games
amanda lee : pretty all-round good game
siva kumar : its nice to play nothing worst.
silvers rayleigh : best time pass game
hasan taufiki : first try and i love it so much
mohammed ahmed : my cars which i bought are gone after the new update
natalia blidar : awesome, i would like though a hard mode
nuclear esport : nice graphics hi
ig : the car's handling is trash
irakli iko : very good game dowload this
rachit patil : best game ever played on my tablet
mcooferton 111 : pretty nice game man real person btw
ashraf ansari : best time pass game
karim kharrazi : loving it so far!
niksa pilipovic : the game is not optimised
rahul barman : i think is the best game of playstor
bud perkins : could be a little easyer to corner
danny john : this is awesome game of 2021
olivia daize : phenomenal. absolute perfection.
palagudi usharani : nice game... i love the game..
babita chauhan : very good and addictive game
cavion bowen : i love this game it's the best game i play in my life
jasmine wilson : i love this game it awesome thanks
rahul dokala : fabulous game which i had never played
hafiz zyn : i love this game?!! im so interested
victor breedt : it's really fun to play
shakhawat hossain jamil : #drive game is perfect good
payal lunkad : very good but hard game
zayed wakar shaan : best traffic racing game
joshua eichbauer : very fun game highly recommend
jack smith : iots a cool game to pass the time
haggai chola : it's a nice game i love it#
the wrong site gaming : loved this game and i will try to make it popular in youtube
ayash : this game is really fun haha
patrick ramos : its a pretty fun game
louise wilkins : addicting game so fun
michael nadolsky : forces you to rate or won't shut up about it
nick : its a nice game im happy i have it
a& i : this is the best racing game
romeu isaac casarotto : very nice and beautiful game ^_^
tickelmeelmo : it is really fun to play
job mathew : nice timepass for a game
suvarna wasalu : very nice game i like this game very much
a google user : very nice game ever played in my life
adam golden : fun kinda hard tho
that ramen : man the game is so fun
dominic gadoury : fun and addictive!!
astrapor : fanali senzation and gameplay is wooaaaaawwwwww
lavanya guturu : it is awesome game and i like it so much
serge hagopian : i liked it is such an amazing game
neji hyuga : it is a great game i love this
john sangve : ruined by ads
rom meshaly : already having fun. well made
soma raj : really flawless car game
michael rosenthal : it was great i have no complaints
arijit mondal : good game for timepass
pewdiep ie : great game time consuming
mekeem duberry : need a one vs one or four race how make it to the finish line win
aaron smith : realy good but less drift please
juliana njeri : this game is lit i love the game release another game
yogesh r : fantastic game and now i find it
stanced gaming : nice game very addicting
ditya arifanda : simple but great
derek hunter : interesting and fun
farhan ramadhan : great way to pass the time
nouman nazir : handling was not so good
karl gian osman : the graphics are so epic and so smooth
play as god : just fell in love with game yo
mark anderson : i like the acsent that the person in the game has
dhrupad gethesh : its really comfortable no words
sarkis mardirossian : well rounded free game
kelvin sayson : can't install the game :((
logan compton : i love this game its my favorite
jason b : love this game. super fun
juan carlos de luna : this is such a cool game its my favorite
ali yavuzer : latest updates wonderful because of the mailbox robot
emjay hoani : very fun and awesome
a google user : my nephew thinks this game is great
codexgg vip : so gooooood man really loved it
sai phapale : just having fun by playing this game
stormtroper gaming : it's great and gravitas
1986 toyota ae86 sprinter trueno : my experience with this game is great
ganesha 75 : best game u need to try this game
mohamed imran : i like it so much try this one
aley bracho : the game is pretty good, i love it
twaambo buumba : good game love it very much
stunnercab stunner : amazing wosh there more stars
amirul asyraf 84 : nice game for all age
vinayak salunke : nice but after sometime you will boring
suu wuup : it's a great little game.
rage time : it's fun and a time killer
calem forst : cool, i like the mechanics
jo na : it's a good game if you are patient
vague watch : add more tracks please
avuta saketh : this game is not installed my own phone so i doing like this games
adrian valenzuela : this game has the best game play ever imo.
rylee flook : i love these kind of games
chinmay kumar ojha : repair the bug
mehmood sahto : this game is very interesting
aleksander baez-perez : i can install it and it is so good
raveesh kumar : very good and excellent
sanjay deogade : game play is not good
mengistu bisrat : make it more challenging
reactor design : is good game but hard
k chakri : waste of data and time
declan thomas : this game is relly fun!
skyline savage : it is a good little game
tyler o'brien : 5 stars i love this game so mutch
mazher abbas : very fast game and endlish not be a lolzzzzz he hass been loolzzzbpelayar denot co e to fjhdsdtyuhhhyyfddddftyuio9oiiy gfffccgiiiugffgy
jasper lazaro : its working fun for me
ahmadreza ghasemi : its a good game i like it so much
aniq yusof : this is the best game i have ever played
annie annie : these cars so cute
royce darian scott : pretty fun. good time burner
shivanshu shetty : very great game nicely developed
hareesh k : wonderful game.. loved it
agija vaicekone : i love your work and stiael and i love how is 3d
stryder : reallyvfun and entertaining
taryn hale : it was so fun and cool
jayden martinez : i love this game it is so cool
betty galicia : very nice game to play
kaan tuna mermercioglu : the game wont open...
narendra kumar : nice game but there is no reverse tho
daniel ay : i really like it it is good game
-hurdukz- : mint game should have online too
azba d. mattison : stearing is all jacked up no good.
bob hope : this is a fun driving game.
asker aju : super this games i will be realy good for this
anar guliyev : personal data stolen by third party. be aware.
thebillyvalencia : a chill game. good for killing time.
techshmits : great game. do recommend.
shawal khan : it is the worst,worstest game in this full universe mother f. game
alex mititanidi : this game is .ore fun than i expected
kev mahe : simple yet good
arunachalam manickam : very creative actually a mix
julius campbell : cool game and cars
shah man : this games is awesome and best
lawrence 21 : simple, but cool.
frankson con_to_net : it was so great and fun
karam obidah : download these it's very good
russel dela cruz : is good but it needs a 3 person
ez : the best way to waste your time rn is this!
drew sadloski : very fun very good nice whoo holy guacamole
ricky : #77 enough for me to want more. good job!
sava avakumovic : great game ,good racer
critical-blitz : it's a good and fun game
ingest ingestarovic : nice game; cool cars.
ad _ : yea its genuinely a great game.
joel bulger : beautiful game i love it
alex rodriguez : is the best game i ever play in my entire life...
livewire xxx : ill tricky but super fun
nqobile valetine : best game ever worth downloading
farshad norifard : please update the challenge of the steps of this game
kade donovan : it's a fun little game.
prashant tamang : nice game .....best time pass
fauzan fatkullah : it is so so so so fun because it is like a simulator
jonathan k : nice looking little game
jakob white : great challenging game
yi-shen lin : i cant play with a laptop computer
william lane : half decent. lots of cars
nermal : new update is amazing (" ")
airil muhaimin : this game yery yery nice to play
gaku to : best racing game ever
miguel esquillo : not bad! this game is so cool!
el gamer 240 : this game is the best thing that i've ever played and seen
ramkumar pandiyan : it really good i like it very much
sabariah mat sidik : this game is so good and fun
shashank : won't last 2 days in your mobile
seon stronghold : this is awesome fun
anurag dubey : nice game loved it.
julio camejo : it's nice. where's the brakes?
10 : yee ,i say it because game give me free car
tj quimby : pretty good, just got it. so far so good.
sir marky tv : so cool abot it i can drift its so cooooooooooooool
garrett pierson : cool driving game!!!
preston rouse : really good and fun
nimesh denon : can't install the app.
crinkley yeoman : it's just amazing i like this type games
suzaila sujak : the was verry good i really like it
za warudo : boring as life. but thats good.
a google user : very very good game i love it.
a google user : entertaining way to pass time.
cheese burger : the best graphics
maks apovnik : relly good game if u ask me...
titus rasmussen : only one word: fun
mungalpara chetna : these game is very interesting
sydney : sketchy how you want my personal info immediately after opening. kinda sus if you ask me
wildlens by afaq : new update is very great
giorgi galdava : good game lots of fun
rizky setiawan : this game i played went a i was a 7 years old
adam kline : this game is very fun
arul thevan : no words so soo good and beautiful
austin cross : control's are dog water, cool idea tho
jonathan desena : good not a fake message
enrique rubio : cool easy game
fedora penguin : vroom. cars should be more durable
hristijan ivanovski : this is the best game ive played so far
ayah sbia : i can say that this is a very good game
phantom spear : it was a little to sensitive for me.
jeremy edward sanderson viii : yea it's cool. it's like. cool.
alex chepurnoy : pretty grindy and boring
keisha forbes : love it what if we got #drive 2
imran shah : best game im addicted to this game
roo choo : it's so good i love this f ing game
prakash devkar : this game is superb and most played game by me
saad mohammed : amazing addictive game
me 3 : cool needs more stuff to happen
mister damnz : i like the graphics dooo
velu prabhakaran : this is very excellent game
aditya nag : good timepass game.
mohammad ahmad : when i play this game i think that it is real.
aswin : best offline game
imran abdi : this game is so good and there are many things you can do!
tejo vardhan : good game for tp
abdulrahman m a.r : good application give as more we love u
uzair raza : no variety of tracks
karla toni : exciting exercise, thank you
jack hodgson : very good games love it
kavan brookover : really relaxing drifter
kanika adak : it's the best car game
carl joseph : so hard to drive
groppy yt : wow this game actually best game in the world tapi boong hayyukk
jerry bohl : still playing, thank you.
al c : fun for about 10 minutes
derek grouchy : fun and entertaining
hamzah badegeish : nice game, addicted
shivam sharma : good game not impressive but
rekha nautiyal : best game in the world
trevor saffle : lots of cars to choose from
rc woods : it is really fun
fat raccon : awsome whit da police and cars maps colors of da cars
osho rai : damn. this is one cool game.
tharun : amazingly well made game .
calvin perez : i love it, awsome game lol
cindy musonda : so good it gives me sam thing
austin thompson : this is a great games
rishabh gupta : control is too poor
saiswaroop kunda : not able to play the game
juan cruz : love this game real time killer
ruben 69 : really fun love it
jaya sudha : good game and runs will
n3rd f0xx0 : one of the best things i put in my phone
beth aquino : it is cool and fun
vishnu prasad d : it was quite good but later it was too.. boring
saket miri : best offline game
agatha aryeetey : the best game you can play
will benson : i'm just doing this for the car that i think i get
john mbithi : it's the best one can ask for
dawson lee : a great little time waster.
ethan goldsmith : the game made me rate it sooooo
chatla madhu : a game i like very much and this is the game to be played
rudi loggenberg : realy good game just very touchy
amex ameno : really cool game love it
nadz azmi : if you read you will try just dowload the game but i not force you guys
ryan mckenna : fun for short term sessions
kit weslie u carreon : good and fun to game
rabia nabi : brilliant time pass game
sunita ghosh : very good condition of anonymity
niema emam : itsvthe game it is to amazing
nitin singh : nice game i love this game
yunghan ladaran : it's really fun game good for devs
chai yee cheak : fun!! imagine can do this in real life
papa ji : this is greatly worked
zombiewolf237 : the steering sucks
rama chandra gouda : awesome game i like this game
light yagami : it's gameplay is best
karen smith : i have no issues with the game
lalita james : good game love this game......
abinya johnson : it doesn't all good but i love it
tabassum khan : best game ....................i like this game this game have a wonderful graphisc..i like this game .............
anna purna : nice and addictive game
mr robot : cool and nice game i like it
kolagani venkata ramana : this game is very easy
joseph mathew : highly enjoying,help to kill bordom due to corona
ir : can't open in galaxy s20 ultra
sinar ak : this game is so best!i like this game :)
kamil islam : very addictive.love it.
earl rogers : pretty cool game love it
danail terziev : controls are good
aron christian norbe : it's so very good to play
papa ape : awsome yo keep it up.
abu sayeed : that's good and fun . i like it
budro : its a good adicting game
vv stars : good game but this aswome
gabriel baria : its amazing and noice
danu a : i love this game, don't care about any negative comment.
zanyar world : realy cool game i like it
m1o1 a101 : wow .need more time on the police
woofer boi dj : fun and a great game
gabriel colom : top car games!
vijay bhagat : nice game good for tp
rishaan shettigar : this game is amazing like this game
yash. karande : i never thought that this game is soo damn good
jalal pc : best mobile game for those who love driving
el nino : a nice and interesting game
shaayan tahery : the best great crazy funny game i love it
nibutle : very good and very good
cody springer : heck yeah... awesome... purely awesome
deon neon : actually kinda nice as a time killer.
hana mdv : wow this game is very good!
kanyon robinson : this game is so xool i will never dellet it
intertwined fate : it's a fun game, i tell you that
purna boro : very nice to play
man patel : best game ever! download it
marko teletubbie : top racing game.
the drifting nith : love this game the controls and everything
jeffery goolsby : fun and addictive
manash hazarika : handling is very bad
deekshith deekshithgowda : little more change in that game
catalyst : very addictive game
sheger ketema : familiar with perfecto
bikramjit ghosh : i honestly love this game!
luke mc daniel : fun exciting time consuming
jan kusnir : fun for a while
mynor chavez : very addicting game
peter morenus iii : zen mode lives up to the name
jared nurse : love the game very nice
zayn hamdan : the best fun game ever
isaac duffield : it's a great game for you to play
stephen jackson : not to bad needs points quicker
varunkumar mariserla : controls should be developed
mr gamer : nice game download it
nuck incoming : it fun and cool
jyre prejoles : very good game. love it.
king chris : yeah it's not so that bad but perfect
a google user : thanks for these two are so awesome to see you and your mom and feel free to contact me at any time you want to meet at me please i need to know what time is best for you need to come over
abcd abcd : wow game i like it very much
kant memo : very good game i love it
nomalanga kubheka : the game is so fantastic
denny lee : fun addictive game :)
iliya darvishi : its so good game for every one
mo no size mo no size : nice ... i like that game are good
aza : pretty fun time waster
brian gerdon : it a very fun game
rith dutta : good gameplay i love it
sanju sameer : best and i asy easy toplay
usama md. mustafa zaman : gets boring after a while
redquart : this is the game i always wanted!
ammar yasser : i really love it its fune
j k : so fun!!! play it!!!
ianisz : worst music ever!
braxton copeland : this game is better than any other game i have ever played
parzival : cool did it for the free car lol
blocksome man 360 : one of the best games i have ever played.
carlson charles : cool game police is cool also
rosalyn gaba : pls add a option to remove auto-gas
raj kumar : this game is most interesting
didn't ask don't care : it is a good game and fun
ditto k p : awsome game love it
henry daniel's : this game is really cool
josh kelley : it's awesome and cool
vulkin : fun to play i guess
wowie cortel : this game its so funand so grate game
greg burton : good simple fun
pughalenthi m : what a awesome #drive!
sukhi kaur : i'll like it because its the best
raamesh devan : the perfect game i need
nullrocket : it's simply fun.
jadarius jd : this game is great so try it
noisy brbr : awful controls. pisses me off
a google user : this game is very much good
jakarius young : it's a ok game i can get use to
brandon thundersword : it's super good and addictive
meenakshi batra karwal : the best driving game
philip thompson : this game is so fun
spysabertooth gaming : this is good is tricky to lol
litun hasan : this game is so good..!!!
fc comm : this is the best game ever in my whole life!
hank mcschlank : ya hearin' me teddy? just get the game.
suraj jayathilaka : well done good game. thanks.
kwanele ngubanes : i like this game too much
mohammed diaa eldin ahmed : it's very nice a d cool game
wapakels 24 : i really like the game
ogwal elvis : it's a really great game to play
benjamin de bruhl : great game to try.
mechanics monster : its a very good game
erkhes baasandorj : wow . this game has amazed me .
muhammad amirul anuar : very nice and good game
moise andrei : a cool game to kill the free time.
arsene nicholson : cool game i really like it
snipez droxy : amazing i just got it i would ate it 1000000 out of 10
danchigai : i just dont like this kind of game.
darshan v : not nice please don't waste your time
joshua ubaldo : i like this game its so asome
elvis jawala : addictive fun silly game
robert neuner : pay to proceed or watch ads.
pcr 030 : this was really nice game
ehud tsatsu tamakloe : soo cool i can't stop playing
beefaroni 5 : its a fun game thus far
saroj mishra : itd a amazing game . all of you plz download this game
mohammad khaled : never had any problems for now
chevy francis : this game will cure your boredom
amirul haziq : this game is hard
thadaladi manan : warning!.....addictive game ahead.
dear davil : nice to play this game..
brainless duck : love the voiceover
deshawn potter : this game is so fun
smelgo demango : its a really goood game
tristan mucadam : this is so cool i love it
puci_ manman : please add multiplayer
tshack2606 : great game highly recommended
tarique anwar : this is nice game i download hack mode
lauren raichle : great game love it
chan linus : ok and nice to play with
bobby singh : this game is very amazing
keon allen : best ever u be safe and stay out of trou le my friend
luca redfearn : it has a vw passat variant, 5 stars
akif haikal : this game is so fantastic
dean vdmerwe : best game i have played in a wile
choco bibi : its fun overall
anthony cazares : okay best car game ever
chona monzon : this is very great game...
rajib sym : not even worthy for single star
jakiboy123 : very epic. no flaws
hunterxstreme 243 : good nice and inicent game!!
sad days : it's the cooless game i ever played
jack banner : good game.play it on the toilet
mr moseby : fun and addictive
gundum_baxter : good game,must have.
ryan casey : fun and addicting
rev s. : it's a smooth game
sebastien holmes : good game, really good
chance moore : so addictive love it
eren jane ricarte : w-wow this game might become popular
kindermeowth : very cool gameplay
justin sam : hard to play
siddharth manu motupalli : a fun game to play
harits ab : fun addicting game
luksmuk : this is game is awesome.
pragyan das : very bad game worst game i ever played
mohamad movahed : very nice and hard
sreevudhya suresh : super game i love this game
lemon and lime : i don't really think i could say one bad thing about this game
bejjan art : its hard to control and easy to die i fell boring now
sean roberts : really fun game
revolution : cool cars to drive.
nino gaming : super fanatics game we ara awesome game
holden stoot : an extremely fun game
bhagya lakshmi : i like this game . thank you
yhudah sullivan : i gotta say this is the best game in 2019
zia ul hassan : it's a good game not gonna lie
amir azad : good game and entertaining
qasim afzal : can you give us a new map real quick plz thanks
euma damasco : its a ton of fun
get.tachankaed : great game love it
michael james : really addictive game
what ever my name is : another decent infinite runner
astrokitty4155 : easy to play
jipster san : this unexpectedly fun
nathaniel rose-parker : fun and addictive
bennett albert macabasco : i like it because its he caling out off no logic
joven jo : i didn't feel boring when i play this game
hiteshbhai purohit : please add another map like hard-core mumbai. p
zonnie : lag as hell, how does anyone play it
willam elam : great game a challage!
jinosmj : awesome i love it !!!
dark god : goood gamee really fun
capn creeper : great game. would recommend
tutorial channel : nc game this game have a end like finish line?
harshdeep singh : addictive game , loved it
mohamd banneni : thus is the shittiest game i've ever played
lalit barik : its a very nice game
ryan verhagen : just a really good game
harrison conley : love it. it's the best game i've played
rajdeep choudhury : it was a good experience playing this game...
david muresan : real nice game you got there.
amanda ferguson : it is cool and amazed
dion williams : fun and addictive
jonathan flores : this goes out to my girlfriend, or not. i love you so much melga. i dont know, i just love you, i relly do. and im also sorry.
amir meraj : these game is fantastic game
modonna corke : this game is awesome. the best game i ever played
top hat : i play it for years really
manacham sigawa : the game is good for playing
kristian dundev : really fun game
paul woelke : enjoyed this until it badgered me into rating it.
suleyman tural : very good one loved it
povilas val : best game on android
candace mallow : great game its addictive
jack hunter : very nice and relaxing
mukthadeer ahamed : good game its addictive
petar novakovic : i just love the simplicity
shihal mkm : great then i thought amazing game
daniel walldez : good free to play
david carbajal : it's one of my favorites games
parashuram choudaki : dont waste time and data
carl hamilton : pretty cool so far!
bhone : it is a really nice game
brody feigin : its really fun
thambara kumarage : it is good shooting game
kaleb cook : good game one of my favorites
mohammed firas : the game is amazing
sebastian benjamin johan jarema : a really great game!!!
claudia flores : game is real fun!
jason bett : it's a really fun game.
yomal piumantha : this is such a nice game
jake : actually really fun
zero britannia : just install and play don't doubt.
marianna markiet : i love this game!!!!!
alexander reichl : fun but hard
spoiler man : nice game very nice hahahaha
sughra attar : nice game i like this game
jam jam : good to spend some time
vicente ramirez : its a realy good game
qama art : so funny to play
kinohai : really fun game
ma hazel wahing : it was a nice game i like it
alex rodriguez : cheese burger, this isn't grubhub is it
squidee 47 : its really fun
brendan kavanagh : game will not even install horrible app
farhan hassan khan : how can i collect envelopes for upgrades?
youssouf nassir : its well made i love it
shreyas joshi : pointless and boring
sara dawkins : the best game in the world
gp chris : hope more updates makes it better
big ol brainworm : really fun lil game
djanimeshkin : this game is the best initial d reference
adam sliman : best cars for free
retrogames : my favourite map is japan
the scythe lord : one of the best games i ever played.
sonali kulkarni : nice game. thats all.
rajit panickar : just love this game
robert brown : this game is fun time waster
evan diaz : great little racer
firenewt 14 : its kind of boring and meh
kahlil lawrence : it's not the best game but it good
siddhesh varadkar : why r there no brakes.???
myles charrette : this game so fun play it
badr ud doja : awsome and addictive
abbigail m ncube : really fun game
sheila haizel : this game is awesome
shivam kujur : i am fully enjoy this game
jaceon malik griffin : fun and addictive
micheal themy : very cool game.
mr-unknown : pls improve the game more
rania playz : cool game cool cars
robert brown : this is a really fun experence
dem epic : add more voiceover please
justin raya : game won't launch
dmitri neborak : it has great gameplay
bishal das : this is very good game
eddie burn : cool game...best ever ive played yet...
drollywally : really fun game
jonathan kater : you need to relax this is your game
nandini roy : this just crashes
shahriar anan : the environment is perfect
eli love : it be a fun game
abhi raut : actually one start is also too much
khidir abdullah : this game is cool its a chil game
elvin galgo : nice game what a very very nice game
nate's adventure's : heart fun and entering
marvin smith : very addictive game
travis r jachmann : very noice game!!
pratik : this game is awesome
z.mzayik : the best game in the world
oguzhan onrie eksi : this game is soo cool!!!
brody hall : this game is so much fun!
azadeh m : this game is very good
pig pig : vary good game and updated a lot
odzey : awesome car game
urban logar : entertaining. nicely done.
marcus mitchell : great game addictive
jarell ramirez : this game is awesome
rubiya chowdhury : this car game is cool
ob trejo : very cool game! :)
saifur rahman sakib : it is great .i like this game.
loka ali : this game is very good
x3-uzzi1313 : it is a good game ho download it
anubhab palit : this app is not starting why i don't know
destiny dixon : i can play on ps4 controller
aaron turner : its very fun!
a google user : this game is too good
chinnathambi thambi : nice game i like this game
samih rahman : eh is kinda good but not that good
taylor lashley : good time killer and addictive
mayko duarte : its good and hard
isabel neves : nice of a game!!!!!
tonni rahman : i like this game so much good
a google user : lm very happy for your business development and implementation
brandon tedlock : well made game! recommend it
phizzle : good and interesting game
magorzata slyk : it is very fun
grebla ciprian : nice, relaxing game
access media : this game is so nice woah
saba ishaq : this game is good not bad
raju t r : high school and work on the way to the gym and then i will be there for you to be a good day at work and i have a great time and i don't know what i can see you in the morning and ready
tiego sesoka : this is a fun game
charlee : pretty good game ~chucho #fartoostoned
julian bensor : this game is so much fun
daniel ibrahim : this game is so amazing
the ghostx : good game in simulation
aniket nandanwar : good game nice to play
syeed zaman : it keeps on closing
bokang mpepo : it was a great experience playing this game.
no _life_ty : i think this game is great as it is
gaming badsha : this is the super amazing driveng game
edward munroe : its genuinely a good game
safaul hoque : how can i unlock the 4th stage of this game
striko plays : jelly drift is way better
reehan shaik : its a very nice game
ellie last : the game was awesome
haseeb : such an awesome game !!
achin ganesh : awesome game love it
syahirah sulaiman : nice game why my dowload late
mooselord flanz : i cant stop playing
dr. dead : a time pass cool game
baroksander : this game is f***ng beautiful
priya baskr : harish you may need the, so that you are looking for a few days
immanuel : it's a fun way to kill time
woei foong chen : good game. addictive
zekaria ibrahim : i enjoy everything about this game!
shraddha mirgule : really nice game.
screech : the game is really great!
james gearns : cool little game!
daniel chin : hard but fun
andrew r : great game highly recommend
naresh chinadandiwala : nice game for considering
olukemi oni : its the best game ive played so far
lekha kaluarachchi : i love this game it's all
luhcca : this game is very nice,omg !!
rnr : you can drift in this game. 5/5
mohd rezuan : this game is amazing
ankit panwar : really enjoyed it
harshit raghuwanshi 7d : this game is very good
sakib tahmid : this game is worth going viral.
cj : this game is awesome
hasnat ab : addictive and interesting
jaune-wayne lundie : it is very fun
dinesh 007 : i love this game mass thalaiva maranam mass vera level
pooja devi : best game play experience
firoz khan : this game is very very awesom
arsalan sh : it's awesome best time killer
rinae mphigalale : i like everything on this game
kenneth john legaste : good game to past time
cody friesner : i really love this game!
sony yay : fun game would recommend
colby young : its a good past\ time killer game
taz feldis : pretty fun actually
samuel daniel : its nice and addictive
mohammed muin : very nice performing cars
harsha bendre : this game is awesome
colin carew : very good game better than most games now
sahil patel : one word amazing
marcin zoadz : not worth my time, really.
maruko senpia : fun but hate the police
itspuggyadi44 xng : pretty nice dringing game
ilham abiyasa : great game love it
mohammad moshafi : stupidest racing game i ever played
phusa lanrob : good game for chill time
nitrogen games : it is really fun
jhon czar : 5star bc why not its a nice game
preston modglin : the game would play beater if we use a js
dais yabi : this was holy freaking game wow to say what to say
azad abdulrahman : best journious game ever!!!!
nicholas rivera : woohoo weeee!! this game is hella fun!
khongor ganzorig : this is game very nice
loris : could have more corners
uenio santana : very nice game.
project b beats : it's good but it needs nitrous
sehgal men : really fun game
radha bhageloe : its good but not toe good
hbb : good down time game
anurag gauraha : where is the train we have to smash our car in the mission?
amir hossein saghafi : everything is good !
chasingearth : fun...more than i expected.
taher 8410 : this perfect game ever thanks.
luke 0 : played a bit good game
adheel najah : very nice game!!!
swati mohan : what the hell is this game that i can't believe!!!!!!
neel khedaskar : noice game really good game
satya darsan das : very good good game most expensive one of the game
santiago valencia cruz : the best app never seen
tomika the rabbit cancel dakoda x kraxicorde : idk what to say but nice
stefisa : really nice game.
marcoo : hnmmm its nice great game
jacob sault : really good gamewould highly reccomend
robert holleman : good way to pass time
aniket chaurasiya : i play the i like this game
j.r : it is very fun
milk man : great game love it
efren colorado : this game is awesome
dijil .k : very nice game good game
stephen small : pretty cool game! !!
bhagyasree paul : lt is a good game gcvbhhjyfuuvok do it so so so of yyrxk urhi
derrick gatonye : the game is awesome
alex francis : fun and awesome
benjamin gray : not bad bit repetative
mg 94 : the most interested game
shama yasmin : this is a bad and disgusting game
rebeka nora : great game who created this game
thaiti : really nice game!
cezar rotariu : simple and good
anthony v. warner : this is so amazing
n.nagarajan naga baby : super and i was very happy
kritin r kundiya : ilove this racing adventure game
m4x _fl3r : awesome take all my money
jann : it was very nice game .
loveneet singh : this game is amazing
iwan iwan : i enjoy playing this.
henny widiasari : i'm interestd of the car is real
pranjal chaudhary : its a good game good experience
tanner marston : i love this game!!!
slothix : really fun game, highly recommend!
link triforce : all of this game is 10
rohit_r_s_ xxx : this very very nice game
josh s : fun game while pooping
ahmed eliraqy_ : the best game i have played in my life
evan butler : such a fun game
ken aglanang : cool and nice game!
metalmaurader : good to pass the time
hashir star : good but like old very nice
valdez, verbon john l. : this game is fun
mugshot travels : love everything about it
yeganraj sivalingam : simple but good
vision power : great time killer you should try it.
a google user : this game looks great
ibrahim dawod : the game's a bit weird.
0bs0lete : this is really good game
vinitha vikraman : this a super car game
rohan sharma : best game o love this
danzel tabornal : very nice game!
max zakharov : this game is so fun!!!
assil madji : wow so cool this game i love it
claudia gomez : very nice game ever
ethio _universe : it's good to waste time
mohamadhasan marashiyan : amazing ty for create this game
zachary pagano : its pretty dope when u lit af
shahriyar khani : this game deserves millions of downloads
chinmay gamer : this game is very nice
yovan nugroho : good but control is bad
matlab gurbanli : this game is lovely
akash sharma : fix the control!!
ridh & san : wow that was really cool
smaili chourasia : love the game!!
partho biswas001 : best game. but game contol is not good
miiro julius : i dont but i should be doing this 4stars
smart boi gaming is sus : fun, ignore all the 1 star reviews thinking people that rate this game high are bots
heng leap pro : this game is amazing
noor abbas mirza : a perfect time pass.
rita jeanall allen : does richard john chaves .live what city and town.in .los angeles cs ? does richard john.chaves does live.in?.i am requesting and asking for full permission to.please may i have richard john chaves full home and house physical address.and street name and street address . and the name of. the.neigjhborhood which ricbard john.chaves does live in permemtly tn whaf true city and town dors richard john chaves does permently live in ?. i.am.requesting and asking for. .
dream noah : this game is so fun
pavel : the guys voice is ubearable
anam raza : it is awesome game
nikola cvetkovic : this game is awesome
ali merikh : fantastic game play
hot mess calm down : looks fire just by looking at the preview
zumar shakeeb : this game is so fun
violet brain : this game is awesome
asad4uedits : worst controls ever
bambang setiyo adji pamungkas : cool and fun game
yaman jaafari : this game is amazing
isaac mazanec : this is really well made.
garcello : great game for chiling
akshay khamkar : average gaming... no action.
keith kennedy : grat game very polished
anand kumar : good game of cat
sidratul muntahar : awesome need more updates
felicity amos : god game once you get the hang of it
mohammad javad ebrahim abadi : this game is amazing
khanaji 0064 : this game is amazing
akbarsha : super game fighting with cops
anonymous : can you add option to change camera view?
esti suryaningtyas : i like this games its good
peter du toit : so far it's real fun
bimo 4 icp b : plz add damage physics on june
shrimp gang : this game is so fun
fahad aameer : this game deserves it!
john dillinger : because its a good game for me
ayden nayler : very good and addictive
carl anthony silvestre : this game is awesome
hanish the great : worst game i have ever played
chomp : just got boring after a while
nimai kalita : very nice game.
mamta massey : i liked this app verryy much
anuj mishra : nice without control
lemongrenade : i really think that this is a good game.
lungile nkambule : this game is cool as a cucumber
tater pringles : it's a very fun game.
maxim beshlyaga : it's perfect!
ken radley : can't control the
abdel syafiq : relax gameplay and fun
halva god : cool game love it
ali irfan : smooth game like it
ml tutorial : this is so amazing
bader touyail : one of the best games i'v ever played
dark gamer : i really love this game
adharsh kamsali : i loved this game..
guy on a chinese motorcycle : kind of fast-paced to me
surya mane : worst controls ever
deb striker : it's a good game and there's no adds
lance dela rosa : it's pretty fun!!
aaron paulo : this game is so fun
rap moreno : this game is amazing
pi c : good game best car game
cherry bomb : had alot of fun
purushottam moon : so cool game please install everyone
nero : this game is awesome
electro general : its a time killer must try it !!
lunchai 46 : so stupid with the brakes
sachin berde : love the backgrounds
seyed mohammad amin mousavi : it's good for fun
carlos lopez : there should be more stearing options.
deus vult : i suggest to add night time
taj uddin : this is very good game
chanbeni yanthan : very very nice game
david webb : good for passing time
mystery boy : its cool graphic
hardik kapil : very adictable game
nikola mataruga : cool little game.
svetlana godina : pretty cool game!
dr.xd_yt : nice game to play
vijaya lakshmi : i can't drive at the 1st time
pacomios restorel : veryyyyy perfect game
eoin : fun game would recommend
krivo black : really satisfying game
vardhan : this game is very interesting.
raisins : i really loved this game.
deadly end productions : greatest game in my opinion.
chris huyett : this game is very good
surrsh mullu : it's a offline game or not
farivar ansarimehr : very good game this
wajid mahmood : this is very good game
freddie : pretty good game so far!
huzaifa masood : love this game so far
elisa calimag : tih is a good game!!!!!!!!
ayii yati yeet : so good and beautifully
s p : fun and exciting
levi sorta : great relaxing game
nishant mishra : voice is choopy in my phone
ryan burrs : love this game
aizat asyraff : this game was so nice
xuanfong tan : cool game i like it
tugrulking primegamer : epic! loved it.
times brookes : forced to rate so 1 star.
ozzy feliciana : it's cool and awesome
lasa gam : it's very cool game
makism tankov : fun game to play
citrus cola : good game for relax
himanshu thakur : nice game to play
shashi rana : this game is awesome
liam's beats : great game good fun
kizaru yt : this is the best gmae i ever found..
wilda fyat : cool and nice game
joshua galoy : i love the game <3
jogendra sharma : only loser play this game..... #loserdrive
giorgi iakobashvili : its a very good game
tj bryle paz : nice game pls do not download
only entertainment : this game is very best
zane womack ii : it's a good game and i like it
veena pujari : this grapiks is very nice
unocal : nice visual and experience
bhaskar singh : good ratings plus good games...
rev dariano : this is highly recomended for.noobs
junnieus sandietra ding : superb....!!!! must try folks. thumbs up
hiraku sakaguchi : this is a relaxing game
edgar cabanero : this is really good game
arumugam shanthi : good luck with the game
santosh gade : this game is nice,
unni krishnan : very nice game..
joe clairemont : great game to play
richard pettiford : awesome little game
unbored_ player : really good game!
kovidh v.s. bhati : awesome for timepass
andre adi : please add pay to car
dru mill : cool so far but havnt made my final decision on how many stars yet
op guy : hard but fun
cool dood ship : really fun game recommend
nabil alsaadi : i didn't expect this game to be this fun!
mr. dimi : its good but not that good
shoqvaive : not as good as it seems sorry.
a google user : it's a good the game
ullas hathwar : nice i like this game
durgesh pawar : good ,but can be better
a google user : it's a bad game.don't download this.
jayant sharma : it will sooneer become an editor's choice....
turk demon : this game is amazing
deano casso : one of the best games ever
syakir allif : so good playing this game
hasman airil : i like this this is cute.####################################drive
gio martinez : this is the best game in the world
samantha hollins : it's a nice chill game
big man : very cool game :)
winwang tekwa : one of the best just download it guys love this game
akkineni nikhil : waste of time waste game
chandra gurung : its realy bad and good bad one star
seif bn ayman : exlant is a great game
mohd mizan : good game well played...
nur zaman : i will give you star nice game!
kody melech : it's not bad but it could be better
sudhir kumar : it is really nice game.
trace hamilton : the worts game ever!!!!
a google user : this is very hard
this is amir : best game i finished it
mk the gaming kid : just gonna install it. btw it looks cool so ima install it lol tho.
aryan raj : it's a great game to play
evans essel : one of the best games i've ever played
saife hoq : social leaderboard would be interesting
keshav malhotra : very best and exellent game
yuvraj m : very nice game.
rekha singla : i love this game
dark souls : this is a fun game
sazid islam : yap..this game is awesome
shailendra kumar sinha : worst game i have ever played.
syed suhail : it's just waste of time
elvis weston : my experience is soooo awesome
saksham shukla : incridible riding with osm vintage and new western cars
frederick valderrama : what a fun game to play
nadzir ahmad : this game is well made
zarith akif zahari : one of the best game i played
aritra mondal : best game to chill.
saidur rahman opu : very bad control
gangsters gaming : this is very good game
pizza boy : a great way to kill some time.
syzwn : this game is so good
ali enshaee : this game is so good
simon mwansa : i don't know why but i can't download the game
kaiser hossain : this game is great
ayodele paul : very good lovely game
smokey batangas : its a super good game
a google user : awesome game i ever played
hogan milligan : yup it's really cool
henry vandal : not bye very addictive
gamer power android : good this game i like it
jagdeep singh : please work in graphics and add camera angel
pushkar chandra misra : too overpowered of a game
quaid dolan : tbh its pretty fun!
brett potter : i love this game
a google user : simple and good
kyle wick : it's a fun time waster
godzilla 10 : its fun but eh
desmanpeters 90 : awesome lil game this one
alma nieco : this game doesn't need any improving
ignited foxy : i love the voices
drei bondoc : it was a good game i love it
banan4ik : very nice game.
gokul suresh : the best game i ever played
definitely not micah : this game is really good
jamie schonauer : love this game
tamojit roy : give us more game like this.
samuel rodriguez : this game is amazing!!
adrijus pol : cool but needs rx7 fc3s
gulsan ara akther : the game is awesome.
swaraj bandekar : i wonder how 4.6 stars. download and experience at ur own risk.
alcoholic grape : cool but really hard
andrei opait : cool for those who love og cars
yazan gharaibeh : arcade ... notthing special
hellboy : it's good game fun
ruben doevendans : nice relaxing game
daffa_fauzan : this game is so much fun!
christopher blunt : could play all day
ketan kumar : love the new style
reza goodarzi : this game is great
bhuttoo chetansing yuv : it's a very cool game
archizman banerjee : it's pretty good. give it a try
risheek kumar raj : this game is not as good as i expected
jonathan jonathan : nice and addictive
green toxic : i finished all the lvl make tge version 2 baby
xiomy jimenez : this game is pretty good
shawn troche : this game is pretty fun.
chhanda sarkar : what a beautiful game ;)
rajdeep : third class tv series.
someswara rao somu : it is a very good game
a google user : can't play the game
tahsinul haque : thanku atc for recommending this
laxmi sai : this is so cool please try
pj valentini : fun game thanks
rockey rathore : this is a nice game
aryan isht : very bad game wastage fo mb
marco caluag : cool no lags for me
ritikgaming : bast cars and time killer game
kimberly pelszynski : i love this game....
les bumgarner : you must play this game! finally
yabex ye alemlij : you have to add garvity control mode guys
nelson marroquin : i like the game so much.
jazzer greezzeru : its very entertaining
trap police : i love this game
a google user : very nyc game awesome
moein mollazehi : will perfect offline game
raihan rahman : i didnt think it would be this fun
laura stevonkova : i just want the bonus car
7504 : super coolllllllllll! i like this game
ayush rajput : good to pass time
hayden rios : like the graphics
are u super soup : it's really fun
lighting fxi : this game is great
pankaj chouhan : but i can't control by fliping
v vlogs : didn't understand the control
sve : il play this . the best
cameron flint : not too bad. good time waster
edd dd : i loved it the game is perfect nice game
carsyn goldman : this game is fun
somnath roy : a very nice game
subham paul : best casual game !!!!
thanos b : really good game!
umesh thakur : it's a good game i have ever played
parsa saf : the game is good good
raeef asghar : it is a very good game
sreekala sudhakaran : it should be more close
rishi boss : im speakless to how goooood this game is!!
saurav rawat : this game was awesome
azad mohd : the best game ever
mergeghost : smooth game play
lag now : its good i would reccomend it
shubham bhalerao : nice game i had play
ukanwoke felista : nice game pretty catchyy.
tvn idiei : this is the best i like it
atharva shankar zadge : a very boring game
divy karel : this game was amazing
p g swamy : such a great game
ankit odedra : yes .it is a nice game .
andy khoo : i like this game car
its beta : such good gameplay
saher junaid : this game is to fun
clips wlips : worst game it even cant 1 *
lucky : very nice control
geetha anjali : put some music to the game
george souliotis : game wont load
shashi kant : there is a glitch in the game
luka gogsadze : this game is great
syamlal v s : good game at all
jose ayala : the game is great
noris de la cruz : it's cool. try it out!
xavier penza : it is one of my favorite games
sheeja. n anil : amazing and funny
solomon joshua : this game does not dissapoint
abhijeet sekhon : i love this game
aditya purushotham : it is the nest game
dibbylay : get this game it's good
umut gungor : this game is really good
matiis witte : this game is so cool!!!
gian baptista : addictive will have you coming back for more
leonard mcmillan : this game is awesome
kian aeron jose : it was fun!!!!
desii kalakar : this so amazing game
anup chakraborty : this game was very good
yumiko faiyola : great and cool game
mahdi khansari : crash on samsung api 19 device
harkirat rai : i really like it , it is nice
muterin kota : love this game
abashia adams : i love this game!!!!!!!
jason eiserman : exactly how a game should be
dontea lewis : i love this game
yd nafis : love this game
afzan irsyad : this game is so cooll
red mabini : it is so good game for me
ivasvan : i love this game
crank mode : man i love this game
biblamio sa bing bong : good addictive game
anush lohar : is good for timepass
irsyad anshori : need more tracks
pradeep reddy : it's a lot of fun
rosalinda cortes - rosalinda cortes youtube channel : awesome racing game!
musa muhaimin : cool game nice phisycs
yopi hidayat : this game is fuc*ing good
emmanuel sanchez : this is so fun
sai teja ragillas : intristing game... loving this game
fritzky vidi rasmalah : another endless run game
andrea garcia : its so much fun!
adrian moosavi : very very very good. amazing
mr jam : is a cool endless game
h ziq : such a great game
kiran prajapati : it is so nice and i like it
sean j : fun game to play
aditya tiwari : control very bad
isan_ official : hepy cars drive for game faporit
nisha syal : its freaken awesome.
aiden ashworth : yeah this game is super good
hein sak : one of the coolest game
jake moffett : very good and nice
tommaue : ngl this is an epic byhop pogchamp simulator 2023 recomend car go vroom
md shafi : love this game
siti hadijah : this game is very good
cast : eh, worth a shot.
frank john nebreja : its beautiful game
rugved taru : it's a good game to play
fidelis wiky : like the concept this game.
esrakul haque : the game is so cool!!! you should try it
marin b : 10/10 - make a adriatic/medeteranian race for summer it will be nice
gede nanda ageng nugraha : this is nice game
swarnim books : tyyyyuuyuuusick though jack financial henderson handsome nondenominational mitochondrial beginning and i will pay you for a bit more of my favorite things in my head is pounding on a sunday morning and i don't know anything about it and then you have any questions or concerns a a few days ago i had a great time and where are you doing tonight then only send me a picture with you and i have more than a week and i have more than a week and i have more than a week and i have more than a week and i
hariah harun : this game is really good
a google user : nice and fun
wayne pearse : this game make me thinking about it
rokom tatin : it very stylish
sainath pawar : very lovely game
mahak rawat : the game is very good
ashu dubey : i am enjoying this game
s b : its good but hard
gladis garcia : it's a good game lol
nikhil sutey : worst drinks games control r worst
esteban rea : this game is pretti cool
aman dhull : good and nice game
kevin gauthier : this game sucks...my opion
nijil nazz : simple abd awesome
mankhi mankhi : this game will be more better
neeta thakur : wow i like the game.
akifa noreen : such a great app
apu pawar : super addictive game
endrit gashi : the best game so far
kevin guzman : good, that is all i will say
darius : after update game taks choppy
sudheer dubey : need to improvement
timothy pios : this game is nice
david voigt : good to pass time
tanzida sultana : this game is so cool
els 375 : can only get better
lolzzzz 5 years and : rating just to get that car
harsh kumar : i personnaly paly this game in my free time
barnaby warren : this game is fun
kanaka durga : was testing game in the world
vivek chourasia : like the graphics
camron shoulders : great game to play
its flippen crazy hayden : its really fun
vikas singh : wrost game waste time and money
seth ford : love everything about it
rocco the o.g's official page : good game thats all and legendary
mohammed ajnan ajnan : wen i was play it is so bad
pugs 1206 : it's a good time passer
upasana chandanshive : this gme is super coolll
linus steinkuhler : very nice game
blind magnet : i love it i think i addicted to it
monu kumar : this game is very good
jonah barden : it is a fun game
franklin ayala : very nice game
salwa hairalisnani : its a awesome game
dalbir singh : it is very good game
shree charan : not worthy to install
ignis fire : not very nice but good
bill bull : cool beans but no breaks
gudia sunil : this is a nice game
ram naresh kushwaka : good game when i excepted
arghie llenares : enjoying this game .. really
white dead : very nice, lovely gams!!!
oguzhan befa : make a section that explain beter on junkyard addons etc
alvin ryntathiang : loving this game
rocky joker : i love this game
birb guy : good game (would reomend)
sreeram rsree : super this game wonderful
lightz 02 : great game seriously
elijah yves yuson : just one of the good juice!
logan powell : great time consumer!
le random person : the worst game ever
lisa blowers : i love this game
hitesh thakur : this is fun!!
joshn walker : it is nice i love it
dan radiation9988 : no gas pedal it would be handy if have gas pedal
stalin ashrafull alam : waste of time...
pascal dk : boring. designed to make you spend money by giving you just what you need of dopamine shots. we should burn people developing such heresies
sherin nixon : the car game i ever played
apple d'town : my son loves the game
partha sarathi goswami mar 2 : very nice game
mohammad shadab : it's really a good game
modern series : i didn't like this game at all
cody gebhard : i enjoy it very much.
godless pothead : well i with there was police chaseing
ram the custom bike builder : terrific little game
prem kumar : this game is nice
tdeadw : smoth and cool its very nice
bigbear7551 m : ita good for downtime
youo yoyo : i like this game so much
ben hamblett : a lot of fun
amit sharma : very bad game i ever played
a google user : i love this game
loagn rolfson : i love it lol ots good tbh rlly recamend
azri hilmi : i love this game...
craft it girl : wow my best game i ever play
someone : this game is amazing.
gerald marquez : this is nice game
blanza rainier d. : very cool ride
deva narayan : the game is insane!!!
majid rahmati : very good but come better
monkey man : its a great game.
furqan qadir : i love this game
jordan griswold : to drive, or not to drive?
segopotso skhu : the game is very important
aeen nasehi : this game is so cool
lildemario09 2019 : no cap but this bussin.
lourdes matongo : its a great game
rushyendra gusidi : it's really awesome
zahra montazeri : i had trouble control it.
peyton buckley : it actually rlly fun
hyakki : it's a pretty cool game
chauvesouris : very relaxing game.
sabaoon sabaoon : the best game ever.
marcus gurtler : what is the point of collecting the caps?
le an : the game is so cool
milosz husak : lots of cars to unlock
billy rejekt : idcting and challenging
mamata guru : this game is very bad
tahir waqas : nice game very good
sunitaa rai : it is a very nice game.
jeet biswa : want more features
jdm no3 : why i cant give you more stars?
angalaparameswari arumugam : nice game it is
harrison mccormack : love this game
2331 abhishek : it's an awesome game.
jon dalogdog : it's fun to play
anjel ray : this is good game
skeleton tricky : the game is cool not gonna lie
malachi leija : really great game
tusiime allan : i love the art style
suela pasko : the game is so cool
prem bharti : very nice game
augustin p s : not really match our expectations
salaheddine elghazi : this game is so cool
yoan yanev : very refreshing game
mohamad zaffrie : maybe this is a good game
mani kandan : this game is great!!
cherish macaraeg : it's fun to play
afeef ahnab : really enjoyed the mojave vibes
glenn alquicer t.v : nice and fun
zaid ansari : this is a nice game
clipper besin : please add a mazda mx5 and a plymouth fury
it's closd : great time-waster. thanks
maria rodriguez : the game is great
youraveragegupfan : this game is awesome!
sheikh rahat : this game is good
hassan javed : bast game but grqphics are low
brodric spigner : pretty good control
robert royston : this is soo good
uday khandare : this game is very nice.
stefan jakovljevic : not great not terrible
dilaver kaloci : its a cool game :)
bftygcbhh cfyygvvvuk : this is so good
8bp accounts : really nice game
mito : it's cool to play
prathik pk : ultimate ...having fun
marwan hany : this game is insane!!!!!!
mac alvin lampano : wow its so amazing
hafez moradzadeh : that's great and beautiful
ananyo brata roy : just awesome no comments speechless
idrees eideh : thanks for this game
mlr : good time waster chill game
kofi murungi : its a great game
mac mcanally : get rid of the apps.
half bread : really nice game ngl
forbidden tic tac toe : very nice game
bevin boley : game is fun
jackson samuel100 : the game is fun
128-m.chaitanya kumar : it is not downloading
ealexandrohin : pretty nice game)
suvarna ghodke : very nice game
dragutin djokovic : great fun & lovely game
abbas misto : this game is good
brandon slee : it's a good game :)
don angelo cuevas : it's good pretty good
aneurin skillen : great fun innit
ismael gomez : yeah its a pretty good day
spandan : very nice game
eduardo hesita : this game funny
kaiyan luney-bey : play it now today for free
mail bang : this game is the best ever
riley imhoff : good overall game
perparim shoshaj : this game is good
andre permata : this is a cool game
aymen gherbi : because i do not play
caleb puen : its very addicting
yun han : awsome little game
cj calipayan : men i love this game
abiniel konstantinus : i like this game so much
john lloyd erlano : good game and nice
rishit kulshrestha : very nice game
mursaleen khan : good game in my life
gaming with winzentrapt0r : it's very good game
viktor bebek : it has initial d refrence, its good
sunil sagar asetty : best timepass game
crock crox : out off car control shame on you developer
ambalal jain : the game is great
darren tj : pls add the hennesy gt for 100,000 caps
arshiya fartashfar : very nice game
mouza rivany : love the heck outta it
xin : repetitive, gets boring
nelly carizo : tutorial on how to drive
harsh kenny : very nice game
diana sitahal : madmax30839 the most important thing is that it was the most important thing is that it will take a look at meh food
jomson jose : the game is nice.
weeb gaming : this racing games most ever
nikita goncharuk : hard to drive.
jamus's customs. : this game is so satisfying
howard angel parkhurst : it's fun to play
akash dhara : its a breath of fresh air
ba ku : love the aesthetic
abhel ramadhan : yea i enjoyed this game
ayman rafeeque : this is a great game
siti khairunnisa : this game is the bestest
aim bot boi : i got a free car for this lol
exodus : unexpecting awesome game
mang : nice game.. good one... that for sure
j : pretty awesome so far
minakshi borkar : its a marmules game this game i so
siyabulela lindokhule : good game to play
royjason : next update plz give us new map
v freeman : its a good game
sai sharan villa : the best game i've ever played
jordan hill : love the corny retro feel
pettikadayile bonda : simple but better
anith p j : better than any other time killing
joao montesinos : welcome to dry crumbs
jitupon chutia : i love this game
agung dwi purnomo : this game is good
just smile : one of the best game
arkya acharjee : nice for time pass
cody ponce : very good and nice game
prakash panth : it's very difficult
jatin agarwal : worst game of the world
jatin tomar : worst game ever played
nayan : good for timepass
vivek kamble : how to skip mission?
najwa adeel : that is a good game
sander decleer : love the aesthetic
alexis olivas : it is a very good game
michael kazadi : it's am awesome game
miguel santos : funny and adicting
simpiwe nzuza : great and fun
prajakta jangam : very nice game
tu 13 dekh __17 : very nice game
cel cap : this game really best
shawn talley : great game play
mihai mihaescu : they made me rate it
snow master : great game honestly
joel jones : this game is so great guyz
princjester son : literally initial-d the game lol
adam yasser : it's good game
sangita singh : v.good physics of the game
alpha razer : it's a nice game.
thor foxy : the control sucks
anish kumar : good for time pass
amir charade : this game is so good
donavan cunningham : i think this game is the best
dominic corbi : its not a bad game
a google user : top speed game
luka bogdanov : very nice game
a google user : it was a very very bad experience
jaylon edmund : this is a marvellous game
soumik ghosh : great. love it.
fetho belkout : great game so far
ryker spence : its pretty fun
shorya thakur : this game is very boraing
tyler womack : this is the best game ever
siphosethu mlangeni : this is thi best game
happy troll12656 : its great i recommend it
fatty plays : its a good game
priyangshu adhikari : worst game ever played
camper : this game is tricky
lucy jonsson : wow what a nice game
joshua turner : could be more exciting
shakeela mahesh : very nice game
abdelrahman hany : this is easy
shafay khawaja : 4.5 because i love it
dawn john : very nice game
advaiti shelke : very nice game
maathew hinkson : plays as the title states
vasava pravik : very nice game
diya singh : this is a great game.
lucas parker : this game is good
hashim ahmed : very nice game
juliusdwayne bobis : the game was good
ian crawford : addictive little game
tugs tugs : very nice game
alam karyadi : love it....for stay at home
manoj khalan : very nice game
sadegh lorestani : finally a worthy game
tadi : everything is great
james muriu : it is the best app
arpit ravinir class 8a : the game is good
vincent mazoyo : its a good game
vaibhav patnaik : its very fun
mickael harford : it very fun
shatish kumar : the amazing spider-man 2 game
hasnain bhatti : it's ar very good game
angel the chick : love this game
bonnie roberts : love this game
retnamma k : this game is not installing
rattnikkovtankov : wery good, five stars.
misterjersey54 : this feels like a movie!
michael piccinino : this is a great game
agent y : very nice game
christopher anderson : pixle car jacking at its best
ruan killer : ists very good game
john paul : 5 star for free car
randy marabe : nice game and world
the saddest sad topik : this is the best game ever
a google user : this game is the best
chidi inehdavid2000 : really nice game
mohini kashysp : very nice game
ahmed nagah : very bad control
mailmerenjith2010 : one of the best game
saurabh yadav : good morning i hope you are having a good day today and that you are doing well in the new year.
rowan phooko : it's not that fun
abdelrahman shalaby : it's very good game
ali ho : very nice game
ff sarthak : this game is amazing
ej echo : best game i played nice
a google user : this is really nice
surya prakash : not very interesting
david quintana : fun from the start.
finley : wow this game is epic
athira k s : the best game ever
norris groover : its a good game
madhu tyagidube : click here to view details 9
preeti srivastava : very nice game
michael wathen : i would like to talk about our sponsorship riad shadow legends
generie villanueva : woooooowwwww this is amazing
m.rhaindar asybal : game is fun
rohan kale : great game play
cris __ : it such a good game
chit lay : wow thia game is so good
rian aquila : its an awsome game
md arzail alam : nothing but awesome!
nicika fashions : the controls are kunda cool
adwaith sajeev vlm : this is the no.1game of driving
juanita brooks : it is a great game!
vitthal bhutiya : it ts a good game download it fastest
k.m.j kumari : it is an intersting game
wert myer : i just want the car
sebastian bordei : the best game ever
collin st john : its very addictive
edmund magilltthgbb : pretty good defiantly recommend
rehna mohsin : love this game
siddhesh belhekar : always my favourite game
imran : best car game
christian chesley : adda all of the time ... ugh ...
j smith : the best game ever
rahul singh : very poot game d't download
7b andrew mawei : i love this app
wearthememes : love the concept
pisith rattanaprasith : it's so funny
satish bhai shah : best game to play
abhiraj meena : i like.this game very much
hakdog tv : ist very fun
thepurplemage : best time waster ever
febil j s sherbin r9064 : vera level game for offline verithanam
rojen parihar : very nice game
sreedaran c s : it is a super game
naveed quazi : nice game play
muhammad rehman : pretty nice game
delontae' richardson : it's a really good game
kheo64 : i love this game!
tulasa acharya : this is a good game
herbie hunt : it is a great game
yogesh saini : nice experience while playing
liquid zero : this is a good game
tf_ syukri : this game so fun
nelson nongmaithem : the control sucks
not original : pretty good overall
kimwelle dulay : its a good game
hasnain hasu : this is very nice
mathew's art channel : goated cant stop playing
i don't know who i am : i like this so much
kamogelo phala : i like the improvement
ramesh dwivedi : thanks for your game 1
tyler c : love the cars
azim : want more like this
raisuddin saifi : this game is best
d : this game is tooooo bad
airel daniel : it's a catchy game
vinay yadav : very nice game
tomasa jimenez : cool my kids love it
michael monyeke : it's good. its good
demarcus layman : i like this game so much!
christopher whitaker : havent played it much...
another countdown : best track bulk pc sto
puke carsick : dont use with a chromebook
sleave exe : guys i need liver transplant if you are ab+ or o you can donate to me a partial part of your liver
neglected retard : cute and lovely
ejan daim : need some money
banshee thegreat : the game is good
snow snow : it's ok. one mistake and you're dead
ansh modak : best car game
patkarbandhoo artists : pretty good game.
harts_ death : it's a cool game
shani dubey : very nice game
hema latha : awesome and super game
tahsin khandakar : thanks i love your app
zarith m : good game overall
hemi mcdade : its so cool
ted schroeder : pretty sick game
gokul patil : very nice game
junior somanje : i know how to drive
honor impulse : boring after a while
danyal tar : its realy good game
hero ._. : reminds me of rad racer
ambadi_vj : it is a nice game
yhussuff : the game is good
aniket valanju : only 20 level
daniel armstrong : man download it lts toataly worth it
josipa x : game really good
pam parsons : fun and chaliging
king mian : good and nice game
veljko milutinovic : hans te need better transmission
rupali shete : it is a great game
gerson hernandez : is thw best game i have lol
luka charles : its a nice game
a google user : very nice game
vito paul : decent but got bored
shahab sadeghifar : good,is fun
pta salam salam : this is very bed game
voidkali : love the game
daksh chouhan : awesome game thanks
piyush aryaprakash : this is awesome
tawana masara : it is gud for those wu don't hv work
kirstie gardiner : really bad its so hard
fir nugroho : its a good game
mweru kaberia : i love the style
chisom womadi : very nice game
asher favor : epic little race game, real nyc
alevi nganga : the best game ever
anthony tapia : this game is cool
9f rhyzo supriyadi : the game is good
anush das : collest game in the world
rusell cabahug : this is so awesome
chirag kumar : it's my favourite game
trucker 4 life : really cool game
mohinder yadav : best car game
bisahin katlam : control could be
rich badness : this is my favorite in the world
samuel bennett : not bad but not the best
hassan tariq : just drive good luck beating me my score is 1m
beth wise : it's a very good game
jhedric ombrog : this game is so cool.
bro z : most awesome game
kush : make a multiplayer version.
muhammad fazriansyah : new driving experience
mohammad hosein arab : very good game
mixang subba : wowcthis is awesome game
gija williams : it's a pretty good game
mty 11 : lots of fun
mohammd amin mahery : i can only say (cool)
russell james castillo : niceee great game
adriandj : pretty good game
teresa ayton : it is fun!
offcialsassy yt : i really like the contrals
flare the quilava : i actually like it
devil nafiu : waste of data complete trash
yashbir singh : i dont understand how to play ..
abdullah farooq : such an amazing experience.
ismail abdul rahim : best game tho thats it
gg gg : better than sonic
tony maloo : very cool game
vvs_tannymdw : i love this game
amal appu : wow excellent game
tate buckner : basic but epic time killer
ai'man 00 : hard to control
kayyysann : very nice game
7070 unnatee rajour : it's a great game
southsideproductions : really nice time killer
r.l stonia : i love the game.
pranith gundesha : it is a great game
rick griffin : hard to control
tanveer faras : i love this game
kenneth jackson : i love this game
g-sus bullet : many.ads i hate it
akash das : best and very nice
harsha sharman : fun game in the would
qwerty qwerty : i love this game
kassi wissink : its a good game
gilbert gabutero : i love this game
tgsc hd : the best android game
daryl amurao : hard to control
crikey_ kumar : having a ball of a time
sina eslami : thanks for your email address to send me a copy to me that i have a few days, the 8
jacob thomas : lots of fun
young omen : pretty cool game
boy aulia akbar : its a nice game
saish bisnath : i love this game
sanjay kumar : please add steering wheel
jane wanjau : very nice and cool
ammie cole : its a good game
ashish gupta : am not enjoy this game
duke sander co tan : this is the best game ever!
amowara begu : love this game
sumanam ramakrishna : plese update this game
ritu sharma : this is a good game
lijoe peter : bit early to rate it
liam flattery : could have more views
teri spors : love this game
suhen mukherjee : apply more new programming
jeidian pizarro : cool and fun
clark clifford jayson cuevas : hard to control
ravi vagrecha : it is wonder full game
op killer ashkrit : it is excellent
yazeed hany : ilove it is so good
maisyarah maisyarab : the best game ever
brayson russell : i love this game
dhaar shan : it's a great game
sabina : it's a great game
eli anderson : ads. ads. ads. ads. ads. cont even get a single minute to play before ads. ads. ads. ads. ads.
mr purple : pretty cool game
adon nzarayapenga : the best game of oll
anonymous unknown : take ads off
afiq zuhair : its best game ive play
andrew van vuuren : it's a great game
christopher soto : really dope time killer
tristan trives : love this game
adam : hard to steer
jibril kinteh : it's great
zandy zordon : this game so funs
jishmal manoj : its a good game
nicholas murphy : its a good game
cameron mccormick : fun time waster
sasha trist : love this game
karen anderson : its a good game
ch33sus crust : its pretty damn good
sourav mondal : love this game
premprakash barwer : game is very nice
kian nobe : hope no fuel consume when driving unli drive
nirmmal raj23 : nice not bore.....
benedict anzo : really good game
kevin holcomb : seems great so far
luca franca : its a cool game
mohammed ameen : nice game ever
aida yahya : best and fun
kamalesh : worst game ever i played
hgggh ggg : amazing it's cool
dahcota boyd : the game crazy awsome
dinesh naik : i love this game
michael james a nazareno : i love this game
broken hunterz : i hope control make easy
haritrionojoe : dont like the control
fereshte rahimi : i love the grathics
harsya adrian : hard to control
alaa bendjaballah : nice but boring
olamiposi dricky : i love the game
ayush official : i love that games #drive
michael waldron : i love this game
zachary bailey : car drive into gray nothingness
fanny montage : satisfies my sickness for driving simulator
vovi cuties : haven't played it yet.
fredemhar tababa : i love this game...
emmanuel moshi : it is the best game
the ugly gopink : dam its pretty fun
clarence hablero : it was a good game!!
thanos valtinos : very good game
{a v} : no word for this game
linda rapal : this game is pertfect
thomas kedra : its a good game
j xu : the control sucks
drishtiroopa neog ghose : very cool game
dolwin crasta : its a good game
basappa chalavadi : love this game
kein t : this game very good
sridhararajan muralidharan : what a nice game
angel jang : controls kinda weird
chris allen : relaxing and cool
saeed fathi : hard to play
silver _o : this is a good game
manjula kumar : add a 1st person view
calamity mebs : nice game tho,
nahmoud718 : pretty nice game
ren aj : it's good not really tho
barbara von litzenborgh : great game play
qz selfe : addictive and cool
ethan aldridge : really good game
pooya seyyedi : it's a good... little
khail : lots of fun
alex : cool relaxing game
william walton : *crashes into town sign* "you see the name of this town, hehe"
sanjay khatwani : this is fun!
dzenan : excellent, i love this game
dark side : this is the best game
nightwolf 619 : it's a nice game !
xaviery pelenio : love the game
lavya jaradi : very cool game
duke of awesomeness : it is a great game
mak channel : i love this game
jurgis gurskas : great time waster :-)
ajay vinzuda : it's nice but same
jon buckley : quite a good time waster
game boy : best guess would be that best
jake wolf : lots of fun
janicko081 games : this game is great!
anicross77 : you can do a lot in that game
ishene s_ pro : wow. great game
agelast : this game is amaizing
april c. : owo this game is good uuu
jackson 019q : this game is the best
njeri gitau : hard to control
brittany smith : cool little game
arslan khan : good to play
jay singh : thats cool game ever
david hill : hard to play.
hammad rana : this is the best game
apple black : awesome i'm mind blown my brain poofed
ben krie : really really good
anthony hirales : its a cool game
mobin makariyan : ilove this game thanks #drive
justine burat : this game is so cool!
roggiedon_world : nice could be better
a google user : this is super game
kieran swanson : pretty cool game
rahul bothra : too good love it
saksham tandon : very good game
nadun nethmina : its realy fun
a google user : very good game
artin karami : it's the worst game i play
a colorful mind : good to kill time with.
dale armbruster : it's good for what it is.
jackyboi : pretty good game tbh
ex tirex : thanks nice game
nixtron cyrise : pretty good game
sabeen arshad : i love this game
hein khant : good to play
mychael seyer : love the game
prachi bisht : very nice but toufgh
we are the gamers we are the gamers : this is a good game
patrick gilbert : award winning mobile game
ben asamoah : this game is something beyound imagination
rifky hasyim : need more fix
prakyath gowda s : don't download data waste
sukhmait bai : this game deserve 5star.
gurman singh : good game experience
deadsh0t : your game is good
glodi tyokwana : pretty good game
sridevi parnandi : i love this game
ntikelo maluleke : i love this game
danilo da cunha : i love this game
madhav mohandas : good game though
harvey mccoll : love the game
kevin lewis : very good game
nishithranjan barman : worst of net & time.
michael martos : this a cool game!!!
erangi galaboda : i love this game
david wetmore : cool awesome fun
ricky cook : pretty cool game
gamer zain : best car game
msd smti : 10/10 would let u steal my information again.
coolin vermon : i love this game
rat : i love this game
julian rodriguez : i love it so much
alain jasmin : this is excelent game
michael joko wardana : this is really really really really nice
_bigboibean _ : illegal due to the fact that i dont have a license
artem karpets : i'm in love with this game
laxmi kokliyal : wow what a nice game
jeremynizam : this was fun
chirak gamer : very nice game
abdullah umar : this is the bes tgame ever
anupama jaiswal : it is best game
a google user : it is a good game
faisal sheikh : pretty good game
farid fallah : the best sport games
idkwhattoputhere : is really fun
p viju kumar : very bad game fu
bentley wingard : not that bad
braedan bartlett : brrrrrr shirtttt shirttttttttttt weeeeee (crash noises) dammit
lewis stones : great game you know.
chase dorris : epic must play
werner crous : i love how you soposto get petral and other stuff from gas stion
brian lunan : it was nice
jude dairo : it is a good game
roger delvall : it's aight
nokia mobile : all of this best
chris north : it a good game
lucas wagura : the game is good
tom grana : fun mindless play
anushree kundu : very eriteated game
leonard padilla : hey man can you please fix how you get the pretzel at germany?
flufhyduck : a great challenge
guts senpai : it's a cool game swear to god
sabrina jabano : every vin nu game
a google user : i love this game .
ptpboss p : pretty good game
charmaine fraser : it is like a dream
nathan smith : pretty cool game
nitin choudhary : i can't play this game
shank b : its soo easy
jane meier : it's a great game
yeet !!! : for control bcs it sucks
braim martinez castaneda : love of fun
sodbileg khurelbaatar : pretty good game
s. akilesh 12 a1 : one word about the game "play"
the yeet master the yeet master : pretty good game
kent davis : lots of fun!
suresh salvi : very nice game
ritwik sood : sweet and a nice game
regina ikindu : i cant play it
lorence sanet : this game is awsome
rahul sai : i love this game
itzmas : update every day? really?
sagar rr : controls are worst
adriaan art : it's good to play
davod nayerabadi : that's so fun..
dark poet : i just to drive there!
rj haines : 2 fast and 2 god damn furious
daniel downs : it is really good
winston samedi : its a cool game
mmdrza : awsome & entertaining
toasted tomato : this game is spot on
drew walters : pretty cool game
raj selvi : nice but waste
connor ninnis-jeal : this is a mint game
world music fun : i love this game
jaedyn lynch : fun there shuould be a rx7fc or fd
o pon : pretty good game
mohnish raman : its a good game
annanthalakshmi 2007 : one of the best game
kinthu kinthushan : super awsome game.nice game
manjusha teppalwar manjusha teppalwar : i love this game
carl nelson : down load it now!!
kuruto chan : this game is legit!!
christopher drummond : what a good game
lancelot enteba : this game so cool
betterluck1 : actually pretty addicting
edison tavernier : it very exciting
drigo otid : it's incredible
a google user : its really great.
luz miranda : i love this game
riley hawks : not much to say about it...
eiland associates : nifty little car game
a google user : the best game for me
soar aldrich : good ol' classic
techno blade : as awesome as af
shamseena parambath : good grahics with 70s effect
sabiq ayser rafsan : i love the game
ioan sandu : its very fun
deveshwar mm3141 d.p : i love the game
glenn dalton : good pass time
ramakrishnan thayancinima : it is a good game
tristan seiderer : it's a cool game
vaishak gopakumar : it's a great game
cheecobuzz aldana : it's a good game
array hafizi : it's so fun!
md rafi : i love this game
lj blackwood : very fun and exiting
jun torrano : the game is so dump
adam o suilleabhain : forced me to rate it
kishvy : fun and relating
sanjay sanju : i love this game
wesley murrah : this was an amazing experience
nguyen khanh tan : could you tell me the vinh vang location map.. doe is from danang (vietnam). please read my comment.
shazain baloch : this is good gene
mel ryan : its like a good for me but not really
sloanman06 : good all around
rajbir kaur : this is a good game
haseeb jaffar : it is a good game
pierson and kyra hockman and titus : cool and fun
mohd aahil : what a good game
abass pro : good luck with the latest version of the most of the most of the most
bahaa blh : not good at all
dhani yusuf : this game is best
retromuffins : love this game
joel rockjo : it's good game
the old king : it's really good
amit bhagat : this game is good
hanismike adnan : stunning lil graphic
robotdrop : pretty good game
zayar min htet : not bad but not good
crossbone gaming : it could have easter eggs
deepak kumar : sir please work on control
nzrailer : i just want the free car
30 carl myles vialu : cool game its cool
khalish azrif : nice game ever
cary whelan : love this game
john britto : good game its ok..
owen dickman : bad horrible not great
isaac espinoza : it's the best game i have
abdur rahim : i love this game
shadow killer : this so cool game
bob kgaphola : dope and fun
kashif zargar : good could be better
sauceygod caleb : i love this
kian abkharabat : this game is wonderfull
hell fox : it's a nice game
radicles the rad : i just want the car
anthony juby : very nicely done
smooth magoo : its missing something...
tiaan uys : love the games
jimmy macalisang : its so munch fun
papagat69 : pretty cool game
mr bored : it is a lot of fun
rahul handala : this game iss best
daba ndiaye : your information is good
mario augusto mendez utrero : very good. thanks.
dungeonmaster_kosmo : pretty good game
stuart harvey : pretty good game
abinav ks6 : very nice game
kiavash rasolii : nice and great
loyiso dyantyi : the game is great
namita baliyan : very good nice
chef : it's a great game
sierra fernandes : not a great game
hovnatan keoshkerian : straight up addictive!
shubham sharma : very bad app
szilard ladocki : love the game
michael holloman : pretty good game
navjeet singh : very good game
sagar nagarkoti : good but not much
francis angelo naynes : wow great game
jen phillips : it's a great game
janine branford : it's a good game.
msya medhi : i am loving this game
mohamad reza najafi : i love this game
meme frosty_ : best game really!!!
ian seals : i love this!
devin neumann : it a good game
clay dierickx : it was fun
jorge holguin : i did it for the free car
maya co : it was a great game
henry ramos : simple and good
spongebob orozco : love the game
leonardo aguilera : fun and cool
katlyn gacho : i love this game
riyanto shippuden : please add cloud for saving
gaetano lipanta : pretty good game
1006 akash shetty : controls are worst
mahmoud tohamy : love it so much
demflex_ yt : very cool game
dhanush.m dhanush.m : it's a nice game
evi yulianti : this is amaizing game
lana kuncoro : addicted to this game
jarrod robinson : mx marster the mega fun
ashanti shabalala : number one boring game
ghanshyam singh : namaste good creations nice man
leo soler : addictive lil car game.
malix rafay : love this game
adhingtor : it's good for me .
paulos yenew : love this game
habby : hehe car go brrrrrr police go noooooo
suvan steels : i love the game
ali abbas : it's a great game
short ember : love the game
sanika bhuvad : nice cool game
saajan verma : this game is ok
emman zamora : it's a good game
lazarius arevalos : it's a good game
christian tacolla : relaxing car game
yvonne stanley : its so fun
hussein playz : it's a cool game
khaine _2021 : i've played this before and it was
brian nganga : won't function
naazneen mayet : cool game 5 stars
family channel : the best game ever.
katarzyna kotwica : it is really good
s shahzad : nice app though
dennis e. artiles rosarios : the best game ever!!!
parsa shahebrahimi : it's nice game
kannan kumar : neet and clean ui.
dylon roberts : this game is the best
quiet ' presence ** : game controls are disgusting
carleton armstead : i love this
ashish -rsi : need more places...
shimi vivek : super game l ever game this game
tanvir hasan : just awesome bro love from bangladesh
joshi ved : it is you how to play game
sarah gbewonyo : good luck with your new place
arthur reis : nice game mates yeeet
brandie coakley : i love the game
jaydubs 2.0 : love the game
rohith kumar : suoer car sounds
ria van der walt : i love this game
karthik karthik-u : good but not enough
kevin wofford : cool as a fan!
phoebe dog : it's a great game
sharan s : very bad game
jean campo : lots of fun
aman yadav : just love this game
pmrt racing : really love it
thiago neto : it's a great game
high five : it is good game
bitbranch : very good judith held team idk
louisa hernandez : it's a great game
revathi reddy kanthala : it's a worst game
dev dabas : i love this
ali w : is relly good gems
logan trolitsch : fun time waster
littlesaints pediatricclinic : fun and great
lucastntman93 : very epic lol its epic ngl
randy dennis : love every second
jimmy george : it is fun.
hussein sideek : love the game
the amazers : wow i mean excellent
a google user : but, i can't play
ajay chavan : this game is cool
sid salacious : sucks. that's all that you need to know
md. nuruzzaman : the control sucks
dan deyzel : for the adds
rajnarayan singh : wonderfull game is this
joseph barker : this is so good
right down : the best game !!!
rob heaven dionisio : this is relaxing
bryce snow : this game gud yo
arnav rai : wowwww what a game
will : just whant the free car
nehru telugu gaming : the game is nice
prabha wijayathilaka : please add the vw beetle come on guuysss!!!
viking : its really nice
vijay : its nice game
camille athena lekisha williams : it is a good game
eric pratt : me: passes by a gas station my car: "kill me."
no cr : it was fun.
padmanabham kailary : its a nice game
anthony f : pretty good so far
get ready go : pretty good so far
george abaoag 3 : i love this game
cameron brougman : love the game
divyansh singhal : make it easier please.
saquib sidhu : it is a good game
mbaka paul : it's a nice game
darci james : it's so awsome!!!!
ognjen paunovic : i really like this game
neo kolobe : too much fun
james collins : opps wrong button 0 stars
thuita maina : best best whooooo best haha
akshit mehta : i am just installing the game
ahmed negm : can you please add tilt control
nova : fun time waster.
melvelyn navos : thes game is great
faeze kh : l realy love it
jafar sayyed : i am happy this game
makeman : the game is good
judith sherman : it is a good game
salil pandey : i hate this game
jason struwig : its so amazing
alka gawande : this game made by finesly you tuber
young samurai : best game ive played
zakwan : that was great!
mayur patil : very bad game
aniruddha timir : this is a great tk
nkosinathi shabangu : i love this game
lil arabia : cool but hard
omkar rane : this should be drift
shakour af akbari : cool , but little hard
saddam sadock gonzalez sarabia : it's a good game
yahya kam : please add aston martin db5 its a classic
harper : pretty good so far
ryuji boy : i love. this. game
kranthi kiran : helps a lot
akash poonia : its really a time killer
rafe sayyed : its very good game
shrawan sankhala : very bad game
haleema thasneem : low mb cool game
baka beat : its nice game
beley bob : hahahah the further you go "better"
m series : this is vry nyc game.please try this game
koushal raj : install don't think.
tahir aminu : this game is the worst
por fighter : that was fun.
joaquin remalante : its very nice
satyam : worst gaming executive ever
naznin naju : i love this game
hitchhikers guide to the usa elkins : fun time waster
dingus : very well made
zyzo gag : ilove this game
wes morgan : it a cool game
rama keshav : thanks for your do to ugfhjogfbjj
jxq12 : its good no commets
frederick boateng : i am speechless tp be honest wow
a. k. bhandari : osm and very hard
salar zendenam : it s very nice
its. phinix : but it's so not so easy
jishnu saji : its very cool
anand mascarenhas : nice chilling game
hadif kamarudin : this game is g**d.
rayhan islam : you should put tilt option
alef fuad : i have a great time here.
rizqy hadaya : good thing i free
julian grisanty : is great game
ashok kumar.m : very bad experience
selva hadi : fast and furious
carson shepherd : great time waster
awesome x : it's a great game
manjula nayak : it's a real game
ahmad jahanzaib : worst control ever
anna lehlaleroa : it's a nice game
arman khan : won my first. adventure game
ahmad adam qaydir siti nur hayati : catn plus a hatkback car like civic, slapy, proton wira pleass
a google user : this game is bad
stefan stupar : good interesting game
sherra moore : the game is ok.
ilie ceaicovschi : i dont like only the brake engine
twinkle toes : needs new places
alisha kuoor : yes its cool .
bryan drouillard : interested in seeing where this company goes.
ved deshmukh : it's really nice
kris g : this game grate
s vt : can't install
sirhcocirehj loreno victa : its so awesome
wads wads hek hek : it's fun that's all
fox rausch : they bribed me with a free car
tameem osama hassan harfoush : 8 like for the game
anup barla : it's all about control
kaliab sintayew : nice cool game
ironfox mc : it's a good game
hansome harsath : wow super game
diamond heist : i really love the art
rob : pretty darn good
maulik lakhani : definately deserves 1 start only.
yasir yusri : is everything okay
mehdi tajedini : is great game
mohammadreaza khoshtinat : it's so fun
joe lenden : hooked from the start!
sat prakash : the best game
xavier shippert : by the back ymi pop w
jaiden naidoo : it's a nice game
fatpizzarole 420 : it is and ok game
noob tamanna : nice because i hack the game
tojikickerman : it's a good game
devil gaming : create more like this 1l
charlie salas : its really awsome
mohammad rock : very well...... graphic....game play
caiden c : its pretty dope
anuradha sinha : it's a good game
gajjela raju : it's good game
diwan irfan : it's good game
benjamin howlett : it's a good game
a google user : it's a lot of progress
michael kidd : kind of touchy
muhammad shahid : this is so amazin
league gamers : bad control please update a good version
alex thuita : its totaly fine
kendrick monta : is a very good game
sam prasad : an ok kind of game
technical cloud : no work in my phone
lars horn : a good time waster!
sidhil sidhil : i love thiis game
krzysztof banaszak : it's a good game
jacob alexander : no question, it's the best
marcos gonzalez : fun time waster
daniel ifeanyi : the app is nice
waseem bechu : this is awesome!!!!!!
vinay yadu : waste of time but good
stephen waithaka nganga : it was fun
meet panchal : car's lovers game
vinu sam : goos graphics.... worst controls
saucy samurai : even whe you put the sestive dkwn
kanchan keny : it's so fun.
thota srinivas : its to hard
chota kids bada ideas : what a super game
63 : it's so fun
sagar haranoor : do not install this game because
marcis niks ronis : its cool just try it
genn : this is so cool!
iko no gay : only for car
sachin g : grphics and controller sucks
orange : cool and interesting
mekki abouinane : please more updates
kris lazarov : very cool game nice
mick verma : controls suck, fake reviews
mahmood hussam : hard but cool
chasisani sibanda : it's good game
ashley cvitko : heaps of fun
wolfdemon : great in everything
syed osama safdar bukhari : i don't agree with your privacy policy.
troy kearney : no option to not post a review.
araavind subramoniam : loved it , refreshing
nikita mase : it's a good game
bhoopal a.s : control is worst
monika singh : op but hard
offline gamer that like to play : fun interactive gameplay
darknes 04 : i think this is my best game
myaimyou : not good enough...
lakshya panwar : a good game.liked it
marijan stevic : this game is really good
jacob lemus : not for android
wibowo ari : this game broke dude
kalki tube : new kind of game.
nico l. : good game trust me
tory turnquest : great awesome hame
melanie pista : its a good game
jacob phillipson : just here cod the free car
mikael : i will try but i on real
error 404 : wrost game wrost control
erick tesla : this game is dope
ali kahil : boring but good
jacob cottros : jus got it buh the rating may change
erick escobedo : it is a good game
impaluvr : better than i thought it would be ngl
sonal sanjay neware neware : this is awesome
erhan aytulun : loving it so far
gamer yt : not sure but it the best one
ali namayandeh : its realy nice game
that guy : yeet its fun
hyun min kim : ew this game is poopy
the milk man : da apple has a gun pleaz help
pouya heidarnia : its very god game
suman ashraphi : i cant find other city
andrew galloway : a great game
karlo natividad : yes very good
zach bryant : cool. very cool.
ronit aggarwal : this is good game
dream : thus game is tooo goood wow
ashu : worst control ever
ethan bamon : a good time pass
sharin bts : always very very good
dandi's-trying : its pretty good.
prathyush p.v. : please add tilt mode
jovlaz : great time killer at school
salman maqsood : good time pass
jack taylor : good time consumer
ar-j masigla : not replying to our comments ha!
george stockle : good time passer
anish pillai : this game awsome
jake : i absolutely love it
somnath mishra : its very cool
big mac / : honestly pretty good
abner stefanus : car parts in free state cheetahs is die
arnab sarkar : worst control ever
kal rob : zero star!!!! editors choice my fatass
doomnaybor : drive funny cars yes
spikerdude 345 : nice smoth and grate
afshin abashvand : afshin cyber ooops very good game
christopher dalporto : shlt cars uninstalled
clash with ashish : osm game i love this
alireza safyari : very good nice
muhammad muqri : this game so suck.... (cap)
maxwell scott-slade : weirdly love it
derek haney : love!! the grahams
timothy anoze : this game is lit yo
ansh sharma gaming : this game cool
arwin azizi : hazmat nsd and and an need p save big day to join in with so much does not know ok let us neod and nf regards david sent just to be ui go goodluck go hard you work on the bwjw
feloxyvrane : enjoyed the game
sci-fi_70 : could you put a mazda miata in the game?
jacqueline steinke : great gaame love it
chuck meehan : play this game. now.
belinda ong : its good game
navid xz : its very very very cool
daryl delmindo : nice game though
lonnie spears : once and then silence
raph326 : addicting and a time killer
james deryke : fun as hell
alejandro el tubie estrada : cool at the driving
senslin chatiza : its nice interesting
abhay rawat : very nice game
moawad : first look it's more than okay
clarence willson : is a very nice
shivam verma : crashing in my lg g7 thinq.
karuna kar shaw : wow! what a game
king sadee : this game is so coool
ajmal s a1 batch : nice one best
nahid jafari : its so perfect
videoerror hacker : this is super game
tobi pinero : hehe...great game
kylo trap : great time waster
chris barnes : fix the respawn retards
adeoye emmanuel : it's interesting
zdravcho : it so nice game
andrew ruiz : yeah it fun
prudhvi pru : one of my favorites
what : this is the best thing
abang cartoon : the best game
anisa akthar : really nice game
kidmobile kidmobile : solo it's good
filippo italiano : love cops who love donuts
truce wolf : it's a game alright
behnam seyfnezhad : the best game
nails the luxe : its not that bad!
ulol_gaming _ph_2.1 : um nothing just rating
muda yusof : my favourite game
vicky roy : old school fun yo
vishal singh : missed the fun
steven schneider : it's a good game
tarun thakur : its control are worst
elliot young : is real fun
maxym11 69 years ago : can you make a #fight game?
gus saadi : gameplay is a joke.
daral : it pretty good
aaron naguinlin : very nice game
alsadek alkhayer : it only drove me mad
andry sopz : verry nice game
raj shikari hindu : another point collecting game
die megalodon : can't install
drexx gg : this game so god
mahmoud hassan : the best game
ronin : it is pretty cool
jan dannielle tangalin : so good app
jesmin khatun : suchaa nice game !
loren grbac : ic nice game cool
joshua jeff pineda : its a nice game
leland lewis : played it once
call of duty gamer : a great game
sykes fouche : this game is dope
arash khademian : experience it... it worths.
fahim basir : veary hard game
mike major : not what i expected. not bad.
bel-aire : just create new places and ur gov'ed...
aylah miranda : how about adding ciber trucks
ng nid : need new cars
arash shameli : i liked this
darren smith : controls could b bettr
sedia elizabeth : could be better
adam haziq : play with eurobeats hell yea
mixios : they asked me to date it. lol
mohamad aimil : good and amazing
raza buda : nice game ooo
athul : it's a time pass
d.c.r : the is the best ever
francisco arevalo : i had an experience like no other
azim aju : epic game adictive
fares van pelt : it's just awsome
classic titus : love the grahics
edwin peter vilot : grt game... try once
b01 ryden castiel cacanando : uhhhhh.... it's cool that's it lmao
andrei tosa : exactly like the description
amit bhaya : srisant is a bad boy in this world and he is a kutta
ap_maquina : i guess i was expecting more.
ngawang tsedup : hard to control
yousuf ebrahim : real driving experience and donut steriotype towards cops
wanted file : good and ecpi
hendri laptev : its hard but i loe it
a a bs d : i did not enjoy this game
paulenn joyce abuyen : coo wkwiaixhsjas of nxndkqoajdkdj my are you going to be home for the day and time works for you and i'll make sure to get the world is sow beautiful and sexy and beautiful and sexy and beautiful and sexy and beautiful and sexy and beautiful and sexy and beautiful and i love taehyung you can get a picture mo the day off to bed have any other pics of the day i love you so much baby i love you so much and my phone is sow and my friend ko yan ha i love you and i'
anthony courtright : best chill game
arash : oh its very nice
mc.soggy_ nugget : its frickin awesome
tiago .10 : neat little game
junior mint : bob hope here....games alright so far
dodge demon : eh. not going to waste my time
wahyu nugroho : wow so exciting
mohd fikry : nicw game ever.
irish playz roblox : this is so good
will : have to give it a try
wawan marliyanto : cool...appss...
putra sibuea : ur game is cool
indie leo : not upto the mark
jakir ali : a great game
mamnun ahmed : this game is blazing
abdul nasmi : wow really playful game
alireza nysari : its very good
chenhan chew : sof at so good
ahmed marwan : it's sooooooo nice
solomita samaniego : this game cool
henry wait : tons of fun
jhon andrey : its pretty great
yellow leo : mediocre at best
kubacrazy : love the game
aatman sharma : what a game !!!!
eklavya sharma : nice time buster
chittipolu nikhil : where is the break of this car
dk darkerkiller : this game is so cool
babyboiixaviier : whack,not good.
cougar hunter : it fin to play
abe of arabia : it's alright!
rishi raj : most worst game
rita zarina : i realy like yours game woohhhoo
andrie arroyo : i love the drift
gokul : promote bad habits like insulting police
arthur cruger : yup cool cool cool colll
emmanuel makhathini : i love this game
sohail amir : please give a road from india
tania viscoe : it's awesome
jason x teague : ford is good
kelvin chatyaredana : cant be opened
darean jeffrey iguel : it's awesome
b01_endrinal, vincent gerard e. : its good <3
kallal saha : wrost game ever
alondra molina : i love the grafics
n for nikhil : waste don't download
griffin kremers : it told me to rate it
mm ee : means very nice
kevin oliphant : it is great
master royal's : what a mini game exporience
william tapia jr. : action game is this
putera asri : nice and sick
pham van hung : thank for the vietnamese map
tock tempest : yes this good game
#ayn nath# : what a game boss
jaykee medina : wow that was nice
adjo sikumbang : that's awasome game !! \m/
terry diola : it was super cool
rocco perciballi : they are good
moi castro : cool and good
doncho antonelli : good time waster
fbi : decent....try it and find out
michael thacker : its pretty good
shirin abdi : very god perfect
a1 hamza : its ok not that good
kartik gaikwad : the game sucks
georgios : action! nice one!!!
panda 555 : yikes what a sickening crappy expirience
suvam das : nice and good
moumita g : no. 1 game for the world
kyne pradana : it's so good
nasta gaming : oky nice good do the bes
merva hutchinson : it is great
jl palomata : it is so cool
kabir rajput : that is amazing
mehfooz cn : not at all good
nanaha furo : love it live it
hezekiah uche : poor because of no tilt
shlok chaudhary : a meh type indie game
roberto mario : it is so cool
craig sprague : it is great
adam osama : it's a good game
joshua hurd : it's great
numa rai : like this game
george alyx anoba : its the better than pako
a google user : m not bad but cool .....
jack yazd : not bad fame
lostisles : thumbs up for me man.
james lawlor : think rating this might get me a car
mike stephen : great for what it is..
pedro almeida : forced me to rate
maynard mejia : take it easy
rick johnson : passes the time
vikram shekar : wasted 500 bucks on this
abhi kalia : i'm not paying for that...
hanif faris : keep asking for a rating
prashant yadav : what a bor game
angelo candelaria : hmmm i don't know what to say...
the undertaker phantom : exactly what i need
ceri hartono : not good for me
donald baker : it was #2!!!!!!
houston mcrae : it's really chill
snake plissken : add 60fps please
jadddz : this game just sux
yvng l3latt : veary good game
aleks smith : its pretty good
manoj mewada : that's so good
. : just play and u will know
harshal marathe : high and fly
everyday thing : satisfaction is what this is
phoenix vlogs : see, how much experience
christian randle-myers : it's good :)
nihal mansuri : wrost game of 2019
kurd game : best of west
jeffremore gajo : yesss itss and niceee
amrita mukhopadhyay : i have the mantis!!!!
penis monkey : controls are wack
ericson ariate : its super cool
cheng jun lee : good time burner
janine laing : love the drifting
declan entwistlemcgowan : is real.good get it
mallikarjun b metagudd : it is nice
robert ford : it is great
justchris bum : it be good tho
hamid alipour : it's a good game
billy billy : we love it
moob rock : it's great
boris :d : it's pretty chill
rextitute : it be bussin "sheeshhh"
john cline : its never the same
dae'n te reo : it's pretty good
francis jalen amad : the game was ok
stranghero reyes : its good :/
iman g.o.l : it,s so good
2002 a : i think it cool
dylan vital : running in the 90s
dharma rahul : kirak game is this
tyler : great-tony the tiger
tyler stubbs : it's the best.
jayden allen : its pretty cool
george chikin : shway!(i mean cool)
jasuri nieves : its pretty cool
harsha kajagar : is this game chinese ??
mohamed amine laaraj : where is the new car
goutham jaganathan : good time pass
ahmed ibrahim : wow it's amazing
claudy : relaxing while listening to jdm
mustafa mustafaa : its a god game
jier : coyod be smoother
mrstingy tv123 : it's alright
josue og : nice time waster
hetlar : nice but cuntrrol is bad
clementine hoabes : good for you and for your people
trspanda21 : jesus loves us all that's why he died for our sins.
game lab : i love that
asmita joshi : cooool captions down there
nxzo : i want the car
pro league : download this game
a google user : it is so cool
thomas kohl : worth a drive
qweanater 9000 : this is awsome!!! :)
geovanny vivas : i'm going to die when i grow up
nima khoshjam : that's awesome
bnw m4 slider : fire but make drifting easy
jeffy44 goldencheeks : it sucks harder than your mom
ugly n00b : this is so cool!
nivin krishnamoorthy : its a good one
aulazon : it's so good
fal90 naufal : shela nak topup cepat to get the
mura fire : good time burner
ot3ng k3nosi : not that interesting
th3 gam3rs loung3 : it's good.
ferhat ozkasgarli : it s so good
jiansd : it's boring
mohamed el_hashmy : its so good
warrior : bakwas game hai bilkol bakwas don't download it
manish sharma : v good game is this
aaron taylor : i want the car
aayush tyagi : worst in control
cisco-kun : this mug fun asf
tarun akhil : it was nice
jimkour official : coool way to kill time
stefan vasile ' : the best game
a google user : dyer off yfhg in a match with rtr in his high aj and gthbrhhejd fjfj jerri 48tutuutkrjr e7ururur is ututjtjtjtktktkjtjtjtj8 but ruururururururururuiriririririririiririrititittiit ekkekekrkrkrkriririririrriirirri jerome has 3not in 77th grade in the attachment to win the world cup at the world championship and is the vacuum cleaner and the attachment 83 to haridwar the attachment of the team and the world no one knows the 3am of a player that is not the attachment of a team to haridwar keejjrkekrj
rajvinder singh : xjgcqk full flow through all rutland rlttmyy em1k xjijogj
daksh kumar singh : hehei hacked this. lol.
speedo lord : im rating for no reason
muhammad rifadli : it's pretty good
isaac yanez : its so cool
sharath gowda : not up to expectations
adhnan cutz : is good . nice
vida vidash odotei aaash : nice.very cool
mark a. de vera : is there a vw beetle?
jiero salvador : plss can you do first person plss
dexton hyper : love the machanics
sandile mdhuli : great so far
roger jr nzaba : it's alright
robert taillon : this game kicks a@#
sarath satheesh ns : iam not played
bonifatia samaria : it's so good
spuddy : yeet im a get a car now
austin yang : tofu mountain is really hard lol
bahaa hashem : if you can make firt person
brian bahtiar : please read my review via email
ps gaming : it's so nice
r.kumar r.kumar : basically game hai
vaijayanth hs : i join with what adrian p has sais.same comments
scott jones : it's pretty coooo
rohan nambiar : how to burn your time 101
szymon rupa : its so cool
robin dullah : best of best
mvevo art studio official : very cool game!
thom taylor : controls like arse
pfanani mukheli : i love the idea
shark horse : it's pretty good
avo hamalian : just 4 for now
seba : cool und nice
maysam karimi : the best game
bateinam thabah : it's alright.
harambini : wasnt the best
muhsin muhammed : don't waste your time!!
michael camham : it is the best
near lawiet : my brother is asking for lamborghini so cut the prices to half
alok vishwakarma : game the best
bba bnny : cool and lame
ayan siddiqui : its very best
nowfil s : simply waste no comments
saeed f.khoyi : can be better
aniket chahal : 5 stars for ae86
sheik dawood m : waste of time
paul tanzen : gettin me self a free car
bhupendra kumar das : wow what a game
aryan pandey : what do you mean by drive
jagan nathan : tihs game is so awsome
shashwat gaming : this game is nise
sarajit *f : nice exprence of draving
ricco madlock : prices too heigh
art enthusiasm : what ?? i am addicted man .
anvesh mallick : what a game!
misrilal ji servi : because that is cool
toufik chouchi : where have you been in my life
yash durgawale : this person don't tells any one
deepesh attree : cool game man
kermit kermit : now this is epic
anormalname : i'm just doing this
adetutu adeniregun : its so good
shahenshah qadri : less than 1 star
muhammad haroon : i donot know what to say
ura deadman : stop asking for a rating
owen bryan : its pretty good
dnm skills : it's awesome
mrs. farooq : its play it
a fluffy boi : its a good time killer
front faced : pew is the best
qoffal aria bima : nice and tigy
ricardo j : segs bro download it
synthwave : do the swag
sitihafsah hafsah : my is not #drive
iamkennyaki kennyaki : how to use brake?
aser youssef : wow it's cool
b l a c k yt : waste of time
jamaal robinson : thank you god for making me alive
aiyden broeker : it's great
kob1k0 117 : such a great game
abdullateef : it's nice.
nazifa kazi : i want that hacharoku ae86
greaspin : good time waster
nomuel macabenta : all of the above
aaron chinzila : it's alright
naufal nelwan : give me the rewards
denzel rooke : must play tbh
joe hubbard : it's alright
ashton booth : many gracias my friending
m.hesam salari : is good play
francisco cantelmi : it's great
helen jones : not what i expected
uslass : gsnqnq fhdmzmz z nzba buck roussos x llc job f up let off f foxpro chl off key . tooe good
derian lagunes : it is cool
saint_saint1 gaming yt : this is cool
kameron chavez : it's alright
mohammad kh : its very good
enrico cupido : i'm going to be a bit of a phm up
naresh naresh : some what good
marlo liebenberg : this game is amazing!!!!!!!!!!
rio gowtham : how to drive a car ?
syed iqbal : it is so different
owen clifford : you have the media's comments
matthew moyer : good time waster
joshua guest : it is sick
stutape yt : its so good
alexander langdon : liking this so far
typical rules : it good bye
hot-dog-man 101 : expert game creator
john iheme : "you see the name of that town?
gabriel wallace : past the time
skyler lawrence : this game coolio
psycho pathetic : not that bad
mbongiseni ngobese : very nice games
sepehr qashkie : it's so cool
the cap boy : what a game
andy thomson : it's alright
brandon games : my grandma loves it
rowilson habla : its so cool
commonsense genz : liked because hachiroku
laman thapa : wow what a game
wireycoyote : this is a game.
scoper man : your game is trash
tony stow : fried chickens and ducks in a studio a few weeks ago lol
kimberly lostandfound : not as expected
nich die : rad ass game
saurabh pandey : it's fablous game
shane fatheree : it was great
mauricio vargas : that's good
ludicrouslizard : it's good.
_ ayiedodery69 : its is good.....
muhd hayqal bin hasbie : not bad............great grapich
william cross : burn tires and light the fires$$$$$$$$$!!!!!??...?#######
parsa mohtashami : that's marvels
nidhi singh : better than other
depression is fun : it's pretty good
amir aghababaee : that's good
alexander georgiev : it is nice
south masters : not what i expected
mohamed manager : iike this game
skafos : contol is the problem
loffi : for cars ccc
fatameh nazeli : it's awesome.
carlos monroy : games aight my g
silver button : it's pretty good
george harvey : doing it for delorean)
christian oyzon : this is the best
munirah : the narrator voice
pizzboom play : one of the best
marko : its super cool
raj bandaru : nothing just not hing
mr. wood : sick a$$ game yo!
jot : good than most
the_ woodsmin : not to bad
marcus lewis : straight up fun.
malluzz : waste of data
e. p. k. : nothing to complain about.
cc cc : this give me big pp
sina azadi : this is nice
emilioano lujan : blah blah bla ion care i want that cat
obie fittery : not to bad
shawn mervin : the of tge best
a google user : the best 1#
shirish chaurasia : just what i needed !!!
joshua bigeni : t you stop playing this cool extension and we o you o o lord to know what to s looking now and we oodidkdirdodkdkdkdkddkfkrkfkrkffer the best way for me as a safe sender o and we o lord o o you o to know o o and oto youfffdddkfmrm o o lord my o and oto to know that o o o lot int and oto youfffdddkfmrm you o o and we i i you built in wardrobe and i am writing you o o lord to know what o and we are looking for you and we are going to have the o and we are o and you o o lord to know what to expect
thanh nguyen minh : # drive high waay pls!1111
nihal jinwal : new and nice
edi c : download this gem.
big winner : this is god game
jessica hajirin : thise is a supar game
honeypawz : yeah its cool
dripflix media : game is littt
mayank kumar : sexy as hell
devasena prakash : good game of me
vikita soni : the game is cool
first name and last name : god game install rn
these pa parts : c9nrolls are really crazy
kenneth stover : game toldvme to
samuel de quiroz : itry this game
dat1 pacifist2 : rated for the car
sen somdev : not my cup of tea
earl jeddan apanto : this the best
oitijje jamdani : the best experience
spicy_mcdoom2 : it's great
lucita gabriel : right on the money
chris : it aavedy life
david ferrier : meh. pretty good
naman kulaste : bring u turn options
laiza padua : wow is so ameyzing
aliomg adventures : give it a story
nabhan khalif amran : it's so best
rexroter rotary : it's interesting
manizha fayeq : its preetty good
josh caole : fill her up!
random stand user : f this game
flow wower : one of the best
achala communication : wow.love it!!!
leslie ancheta : it 's good
orshikh orshikh : sexy afreeca tv
hina sh : is it offline?
xavier : it's alright
mohammed ashfaaq : ass hole game
gurman maan : comment by bot
sammy samoht : it will do
aachu mac 786 : gamente adilthe valliya poor
calvin sandoval : it's super chil
retvino d.estiwian fabianto : game is cool
michael welch : controls are wack asf
barbito brb : bugs on my nerv
joaquin cerban : it's really bad
ca train : get the game
joseph.andrew.devin mercado : it the bomb
brandyn osborn : yeah its dope
mel mel : ()veryyyyy coooooool
sudhir sharma : one of the best
raistar 2.0 : please reply me bro
exoti k : pretty much ight
hasila buyong : relly noce game
michael clark.hornbeek : great he o
hirated honey part 1 : we are going to be in the office
yandel munoz : it was fine
lourdes samudio : this is the best
teddy bear : the 1958 smiley
gunnar seehafer : its so cool
amazingjk : it so frickinngg coooooll
tripkingdrip666 - cash aura : idek what to say
meena jamwal : inlove this game
michael pynadath : sucks to the core
nikolai dimitrov : that's good
fayis fazz : time killar in the world
ramo ali : it was cool
g dx s : is awsome game
allan claro : i was cooooollll
ahmed mego : wow the game is gool
john rold salih : bruhhh it's epic
metric _dead : not that bad
yolandi joubert : it is cool
faf fu : tough one.. op
sill serr : i dont know
bread in a bag : big poo that's my answer
pouya biabani : its very bad
tukaram tarate : driverate this app
om prakash verma : it,s awsom
abdullah khan : not for noobs
marcus : it's great
galaxy tab : it called drq
elahe basirpour : please online mode
roberto hermosura : whatever it takes !
a google user : best fot consented
a google user : xxx for life
pradip mohapatra : not much bad
amirali kia rad : is the best
big funny : owo whats this
mohammad reza yavari : its a good
arkaprava ghosh : way below expectations
elcuh rodriguez : ??? bruhhh its goooood i think
sharafat rahimi : it was great
kutloano moleko : the best one
joanna clinton : none at this time
dixie : it's cool.
sp venkat : this is awsome
mohammad reza _33 : one and only
kishan bharwad : i lve this game
justin sevier : cool as heck
salvador villarreal : it's alright!!
dylan ortaleza : is all right
blay13 gmd : is ritn plates xd
siddharth singh : mist idiotic one
b.rithwik badaavath : er2good morning! my sunshine
deepu baisla : what a game!
amirhossein shokri : that is graet
[redacted] : beat my cock i do
sanjay kumar pandey : it is nice
steven kelch : good time waister
andre gardner : this is fire
ahmadreza nourmabody : its sooo exated
christian capinig : this is lit
quantrel miller : it is cool
hrissi gaming : what game is this
chuhan shab : it's was osm
mhomad sadik : online mod please
sarath kumar : what is doing
outman el assri : that was epic
raju nayak : idg in kayleigh's oaks wood assoc
snehil weniwe : best there is
chandrakumar chandrakumar : very sice games
ranjit sinh gohil : hf kg ex to the
sugerize gaming yt : im rated you
garrett pierson : what a privilege...
thunder god : love from india
jaypegman : brother gimme lps
khach hang : game rat hay
azraelknight : really great game! amazing way to pass the time and i almost never get any ads. collecting money is a little slow but that's about it.
nathanael jefferies : this is a surprisingly addictive game. good graphics and good gameplay plus the ability to upgrade cars equals fun
douglas warman : advancement is rather slow but it's a different kind of driving game.
niranjan js : good job !! excellent graphics , nice game keep it up !!
rahul nathan : got bugs causing me to move to keychain collection every time a double click is happening and disturbing me to make a choice for the car to use
liam : cool
psycho droid : seems like a fun game. cool introductions first time i see a game with up down left right car selection. controls take a lil to get used to but iz good game.
cosmo?!? ya : it's good
springheeledjak : decent drive game. money is hard to get. grindy but fun.
za alpha : great graphics
mahdi salmani : that has nice graphic
yuri miguel catacutan : its great
mohamad hamdan : awsome game
isaac home marshal : great mechanics
bbek tmg : good experience
ian hargreaves : cool
christelle heyneke : cool
thole satya : cool
akash khirwar : nce gam
brian mcclung : whoooo
david drift : great game!
johnathon lopez : it's good
gabriel ugwu : really nice
marvin tererai matavire matavire : good app
naasa : great game
nafin abqori : very cool
alexander _9128 : it's good
montasir hossain : great game
oleg bazilevskiy : great game
swerah ps : nice graphics
mohammad safdari : very fantastic
john setikas : cool game
begjan waliyew : cool game
orfeas koutelidis : good soup
i love slapp bass 69,420. slapp like now : pretty good
sachin devrantha manushya : top
frank perez : cool
surya thevar : its goid
saman mousavi : great game
muhammad dwi krisbiantoro : perfect game...
eastside_dray : great game
slithery sonny : cool
houssem lamouri : cool
burtle : it's fun
karen lauth : its nice
bohdan hrynko : cool
amir ali prise : its great
owen klassen : great game
ryan graanoogst : good soup
kerrie terry : cool
tela scarbrough : cool
barmati abdelrazek : top
cameron guzzi : great game
cyprian chitundu : nice graphics
elizabeth mcentee : cool
hayden ashcroft : hard controls
nevinz breyez : cool
masih mokhtarzade : thats ok
bumb3bum : it's cool
galaxyalco : it's good
kia zarei : great game
fahan idris : the best
fawkes : pretty good
thomas miller : great game
rossalind horne : great game
kamela hollinger : really fun
project cars 2 driving : cool
denzel navarro : cool
abel salano : great game
ayman hamad : the best
hidoxide tao : great game
taylor thomas : cool
arctic_6.4 on ig : cool
zae j : great game
burak eser : cool
raymond alexander : cool
rob symington : it's ok
deadwalker1308 naicker : pretty cool!!
kaden masters : great game
dxo : nice graphic
99kingz : lovely craftmanship
matas matukas : cool game
nero dumath : cool game
airam compean : so awsome
isaac evans : great game
smithyboi : pretty good
andra nicoleta : cool
mason mitchell : good soup
majid safikhani : cool
kh4n s44b : it's nice
jonathan schwarz : great game
aiden medina : cool
ag clown 0 : it's good
ethan p : really fun
nanda uppiah : good experience
alec renwick : pretty good
benjamin hernandez : cool
matthew bertino : really fun.
prakash giri goswami : great game
larry mankin : great game
jing800 : ratio
keith dobson : good times!
cortez taylor : pretty cool
jaken b : cool
lil bot : is ight
richard abraham : really cool!
easton byrley : really fun
ammar khaled : cool game
alice ricciardi : really fun
louis vanderlaan : cool game
tlicious98 : its ight
sight_z : its addicting
adi fawcett : really fun
bigmac : great game
sona vikas : great game
mareika bladt : cool
ethan palis : cool
vinoth v : stress burster
nishul soni : really great
imindebt : great game.
deaconyourfriendlyrobber : really fun
aceec krisnanto : cool song
luka paunovic : cool game
emmanuel awelewa : nice gameplay
ethan cooper : it is fun
nilesh naidu : cool
chris joy arevalo : cool
trishul bhoola : cool
jake : addictive
demiracle bass : mind relax
pp sauce : free car
will phim : fir
leslie congrove : great game!
lucas boreland : it's cool
a google user : it's good
connor g : it is fun
darrick gaines : great graphics
dalton cutright : great game
lex ells : great game
sir aaron : great game
sina azizi : thats cool
lil dragon : cool
andrew kraft : cool
p and a show : to hard
simon yeak : strangely addictive
gogo outdoors : cool game
tshegofatso jossy : good experience
eyan cox-bowers : pretty good
yasim bishop : great game
partypage : it's ok
julius wambua : thank
nafiz bin habib : great game!
nuah pillai : good soup.
sayeones family : sharrellcaliforniasharrellcalifornia sayoneoklahomasayoneoklahoma sayoneoklahoma sayoneoklahoma sayoneoklahomasharrellcaliforniasayoneoklahoma sharrellcalifosharrellcalifornia
daniel romero : its cool
po1arops : great game
joe wells : it was ok
andreja blazev : it's cool
fxtal x : great game
eben moore : great game
happiness sibanda : cool
andrija matijevic : clean game
olonzo cuthbert : ofof
sattwik satpathy xa 23 : phenomenal.
laughlin kurucz : great game
dino :/ : cool
analyn j : it's ok
gabe sanchez : preety good
xo xo : very cool
angel gallego : is fun
younes erfanian nazar : it's ok
ramesh meena : noiche game
abdullah ali : extraordinary!
michelle hewak : pretty good.
isaac castillo : great graphics
d33po : great game
charlie calver : great game
rajab ssebaduka : great game
kayden charrette : cool
millete mallari : fun and cool game
greninja gamer malaysia : it is fun
hype nite : surprisingly fun
ikotashi -,- : its cool
bartosz loniewski : its good
dio brando : cool game
jayden guzman : cool game
emilio garza : cool
jeash anievas : addictive
emmanuel oliveros : pretty good
andy carruthers : its alright
tomfoolery : very epic
ninja dood : pretty good.
jedi ninja : absolutely horrible
grant clutch : great game
danny : pretty good
inkpinku : smooth
ryan lawley : cool
olivier guerard : cool
dakota stanley : it's cool
morgan little : it's cool
ralph john paul del prado : great game
warlock : perfect ok
jurre volkers : cool
ahmeds abdulkader : cool
franco silvestri : cool
tyler howard : its ight
luis ty : because yes
iamrickyhi : great game!
abdo osama : it's nice
grex : it's cool
mike scott : great game
mickey lina : awesome classics
rommel baro : cool game
jackey gaming : it's ok
bernadette igma : great game
angelica folloni : ight
kayden craft : great game!
nicolas amaral ramos : top!
kev anan : great game.
edward honore : awesome adventureous....
aditya bhadauria : cool.
sufyan shamim : good experience
andrasse tm : really good
harsha vardhan : great game
clash of clan coc : good graphics
libyan gamer : cool
patrick badran : cool
bruce mutenure : cool
lee ocampo : its whatever
soso muzashvili : where
saviour lufuno munyai : its nice
mandingo trotman : it's nice
juneja bunja : it blows
jeff mallard : great game
brycen sampson : great game
yussef nicavera : good controls
paul : its good
diwakar king : good graphics
king eragon dizon : really awsome
arnav : very great
skelly the artic wolf : cool
austin newberry : cool
niloofar mn : cool
og brad : very epic
faizan ahmad : worst controls
riley chisholm : pretty good!
chris dyer : great game!
clint paul plantas : great game!!
heidar zand : realistic graphics.
akinsanya ayomide : great game
corey wells : pretty good
andy martinez : pretty good
david lewis : awesome app
angel colmenares : pretty cool
jowynne george : the best
daniel cantrel : awsome game
zohura begum : offline good
gabe judy : acctually fun
rrr rrr : cool
ritesh dude : intresting
rainbow penguin19 : cool
theisland rider : cool
dave bowman : cool
farrah renee : very 22ish
sankar paik : hard control
pbaburao pbaburao : graphics
turbo turbo : great game
parham bigdeli : great!!thanks
charli : it's good
elijah mangnall : pretty good.
austin mummo : it's cool
goal diggers : it's good
amirhossein niakamal : really good
galaxy saber : good graphics
cam_candy : it is fun
masih samian : thats great
tenzing tayeng : nice graphic
m_d_az 11 : great game
laa : great game
hard line : really fun
akhil p murali : nice gameplay
billy boy moldon : pretty good
roland kask : pretty awesome
edwin siaw : cool
prince elrond : cool
stefan basson : greaat graphics
neeraj redhu : something new
cobbra kia sninper god : asome
ajay kumar : nice one ...
beshe roland : great game
sagar samal : addictive game
beatriz navarro : cool
amirhosein abbaspour : cool
mina sredojevic : interesting
min thein kyaw : cool
martin burbano de lara perez : cool
mikaiil moradinejad : nice graphics!
archimedes daely : surprisingly addictive!!
jonathan terneus : challenging. fun
mew necrozma : cool game.
dylan rees : it's cool
kevin spencer : cool.
nexus ghost : cool game
asyraaf rosli : great game
mr hokie 21 : supa heat
kaushal singh : great game
alpha bravo 96 : great game
clinton obioha : the best
lilly w : great game
nathan : pretty good
q huy truong : awsome game
mr.monkey x4s : cool game
nathan eric : it is fun
9k1a : very addictive
william egan : great game
sernen baluyot : good graphics
fajar wibowo : addictive game
wiktor lutowski : great game
vnr4 _ : great game
alden abellanida : its good
anthony benko : very cool
dileep goyal : great game
stephen rachu : its good
panzershrek 25 : great game
ronaldino bell : great game
tom page : boring
ahmad alnaser : boring
federico genghi : cool
artur plays : cool
richard cloe : cool
falcon : love this
euastace docs ded : cool
massive fields : cool
sean golden : cool
christophorus daniel : cool
sonic fan s3 : cool
unknown_vortex3849_ ultra : its ok
pawan vehale : bohot hard
louai kebbal : tres bon
romeo brown : food
hoda lotfi : thank
alan john : great game!
azriel davito : cool!
gyorgy tatrai : cool game.
lauren sanaa b.d : it's cool
delannie regis : great game
david wyndale petallar : pretty good
cyb 14 : this nice
ancient gamer : cool game
pre fexs : the best
dead face : cool game
njabulo kuture : thoroughly entertaining
hoodz chubz : great game
ryan huynh : cracked
chris diaz : cool
kunal : addictive
fake radio : cool
tenzin : addictive
tobias jr : great game!
stennballs2009 : great game!
marx kapambwe : really cool.
poesteef : good graphics.
koketso nameng : great game.
gavin poetrantara : great game.
keanu visagie : it's cool
shahul hameed : it's good
expian : t'was cool
vytenis zagorskis : nice graphics
professionalspazmoid 24 : pretty cool
grammical : hey nice
christian moon : great game
0blagagti0nz : pretty chill
golnoosha hassanpour : taked easy
eko sanip : awsome game
injamul mohammad mollah : worthless
lee chern hou : smooth
fathmath didi : cool
kirito : cool
rahul gosavi : low control
hypegamez : very epic
chakraborty louha bhandar : asome
reginald etienne : great game
timmy : great game
adrian games : cool
2006 jeep liberty : its ok
brawl videos : great game!
thomas azar : it's cool
dr. pepper : it's good
kong yi kei : it's cool
alessandro malacasa : really good
balaji s : good timepass
mai raees : great game
lsymonl lsymonl : cool
marcus richmond : it's ok
ok but im dorian btw : pretty cool
gaming with mickbucks : good prefomance
kotomine k : pretty good
terrence etugala : cool game
christian ruddell : is cool
namita murmu : best graphis
maria guerrero : cool
mohamed diabate : worth it!
mark bianes : hard control
satish : poor graphics
munni rabeya : it's good
bruh bruh : its good
pranaydeep melangi : really good
dylan walthall : ight
chappi pr : its good
harry : great game.
anita novilunio : it's cool
lance campillanes : the best
jayson powell : its good
783anas : cool
fortune mukandi : cool
drake gamer : asome game
eli delaforcw : it's good
vahid saei : nice graphic
tyler weisweaver : cool af
victor gonzalez : so smooth
semem 69 : pretty good
mani shrestha : its cooool
tareq nur : great game
jacky c : it's ok
mohit hemnani : knoice
dipali mahanta : its good
parin dave : great game
lydelle varcoe : the best
ruroaka : pretty good
chinweuba onyebuchi : absolutely great
uwu hug me : its great
die maschine : easy simple
chora moises : the best
ezatullah farazi : boring
abood khateeb : cool
akash sidher : cool
4ndr05 v1qz : cool
arf enzo : cool
marta jurewicz-oles : cool
verdi latifi : cool
leonardo garcia : it's ok
farturu sama : noice mechanics
dustin conner : its ight
dul guun : hhe
matthias mitchell : it's good
ato ton : it's cool
sanjaynath.o : great one..
charles alukka : pretty good
christopher nunez : great game
kate wambui : cool game
jarrod ellis : really fun
olrack men : coool
ezra ezeaka : its aight
kishor sheth : download it
sand man : addicting
futuremonkey : great game
cheepmonky v : great game
meowwhat : cool
thorin pixel shield : pretty good
batsf : pretty cool
christian lee : cool game
abdul rauf : its awsome
john ezikiel kevin espinas : it's good
mansour mhd : it great
aldo malagon vergara : really good
praveen andagunda : awesome fav
thunderspazzing green : great game
ciaran gaming : very cool
kent bryan celajes : very addictive
fouziya abdulla : really good
soayyteen : great game
ewan barnes : really good
kyotto beats : cool
carley ortiz : its noice
bernard shodeke : great action
libra : cool
aj supan : its cool
abdul hadi ch 64 : addictive
tollicrame : yeat
sj daniel : its awesome...!!!!!!!
amer aljabr : cool
roman pidlyaskyi : great game!
arsh siddique : exceptional game!!!
manan verma : it's cool
cameron moose : it's good
debdutta guha roy : great timepass
kar keyan : pretty cool
game time : nice gameplay
sridhar ch : great game
memo the turk : great game
nabawi akbar : good graphics
jamie-lee mccall : cool
nirmala nachappa : plain awesome!
commiehat 1984 : pretty good
ankhi barua : awsome game
gregor : pretty good
cursed. mvw : great game
cathy soan : great game
gt_ da_goat : very cool
marco fonde : its awesome
coady fisher : boring
sayed juned : cool
tsan uchiha : cool
shrinath hambir : cool
marisol rodriguez : tough
asap griff : cool
franando xanderplouge : its lit
keagan peters : simply fun
ange lino : nice tho
ernest bradley : great thanks
aman tewari : easily epic
the noble king : the best
riptide reckless : great game
azhar abdullah : love this
kalib saxon : cool
irshaz parvin : cool
dusan oric : ou yea
mohamed nagdy : great game
edhu gas : really good
gamer _wolf36 : its good
you boy32 : its great
william e. gladwin : phenomenal aesthetics
josh appleby : great game
injel qrs : addictive
ramses gonzalez : its good
nima : great game
mohideen sameer.s : pretty good
okgethilwe sachane : surprisingly relaxing
dulse cortes : cool
fett marston : the bomb
m-1 trading ltd : challenging
money bros : great game
oscar leal : cool game
astro_ bray : it is fun
scream gamer : its good
kaz gravity : addictive
fireballer yt : cool
grant w : meh whatever
abraham dest : cool game!
gopalakrishna v.s : great game
romualdas jurgaitis : very smooth
m deang marc daniel b. : very noice
loklin kabob : great game
yashwardhan singh : top notch
christopher johnson : realy good
debjyoti barman : mind blowing
classic eggs benedict : great game
cyril delannoy : cool
hoseyn hoseyni : perfectly
jash shah : cool
bundo : cool
austin rix : whip nae
rift_yzi1435 : great game
thomas boyle : absolutely awesome
harmony : great game
dysastro : simply addicting
dustin jenkins : great game
phantom m : addicted
kaeden playz :3 : cool
charles coulter : cool
sumit patil : 3rd clas
francis james rogers : great game
anthony browne : pretty good
mattdapolarbear : great gameplay
sreelekha sarkar : cool
rashal m : top
anand sidharth : addictive
zafer ulas yldz : cool
malik brown : its noice
dmitry dolgikh : cool!
x xstasii x : prettty goood
matt balang : cool
used_pizza : pretty sick
jacques olivier : cool game
alien gaming : great game
deynox : great game
death raven : it's ok
dj menace bono : very chill
mohammad reza roudsarabi : it's good
anthony junior aj : cool game
shot it : great game
claudio osorio : cool
ziad mahmoud : great game!!
felipe zacani : great game.
ag_tho : its fine
r m : vrry calming
damon : really fun
a m.g. : great game
ascanio satta : great game
tre vortec : its cool
vera bostan : cool
d cd : perfection
cisco jimenez : addicting
ayyan ahmed : it's nice
keane gemmell : great game
duncan macdonoughts : astounding!
iraj nicholas perez : pretty good.
timothy owens : it's good
frank rose : bitchin'
syd siraz : good experience
nahuel _vega17 : really nice
mohammad jafari : so addictive
chris hilpert : cool game
gaurav gupta : interesting
avyukt : really cool
josh brennan : great game
elite gamerz : great game
roberto contacto : great game
chalz m : really fun
singaria's kitchen : great game
elias soto : cool
don't sub : nice graphics
hazmanpunk : cool
jacob king : it's ok
jhlaxbro27 : its good
beena p : pretty good
maria cruz : itsncool
obaidul hoque : nice. graphics
bishnupada mallik : awasome game
muzain munavar : addicting
marea gilnicz : really hard
shabreen ruqhsaar : wow impressive
al raphadon : cool games
jarah weinstein : great game
steven han : great game
konstantinos fistouris : hot stuff
dakota bailey : absolutely fantastic
pr0 gamer : cool
luka brkovic : cool
zero 45 : cool
esther muthoni : cool
malcolm melton : it's ight
matty walker : not great.
alfredo ferrari : good graphics!!!!
jr hernandez : beautiful graphics
siddheswar pal : nice graphics
omer seyhan : great game.
julien olea : it's good
daniel brett anderson : awsome game
albid nawar : great game
tegan saunders : pretty good
deleted_ feellinqz : pretty good
asha rani : nice graphics
shubhangi ambulkar : great graphics
muhamad fikrul umam : very cool
steve black : pretty good
ziyad 1 mukhayer : really good
m. ridzky pratama s. : great game
moe laung : really good
ibrahim kara : nice atmosphere
ben meuangkhot : its good
farrouq nayondra : very cool
alex d : great game
pattagon sujiwon : hard control
saggish sangar : worth it
j.l. cruz iii : great game.
mason heroff : it is fun
harish singhal : awosome game
nate jones : great game
ruhul amin howlader : great game
devi sridevi : nice physics
viktor corai : cool game
alan thuto mokgaotsane : cool
yusup orazov : the hg
jeffery denneny : this fun
chouaib gasmi : it's fine
dante aber : its cool
luke connors : really fun
colin place : pretty good
derrik sunaz : its good
micah gayle : cool
pogo x4 : verynice game
cristhian rugama : good impression
coolboy12345 123 : really good
hadan phillips : great game
jj lee : great game
nicolas -nick- lopez : really fun
sharron mpila : nice graphics
kartik logistics : great game
antony callistus : nice physics
mark koekemoer : great game
farzan rahimi : cool
sh1fter : cool
vinthetinyman : cool
thej x : cool
jojo : it's ok
feather sign : adictive game
doggoovertheintercom : its ok
passport iteration : class !!!
gabriel justado : secy
fea jandric : cool game!!!
imteesh : lovely graphics
filthy fitch : good graphics
thelazygopnik : addictive, period.
unformed milk : it's good
david h : great game
dylan dietrich : pretty good
casanova rios gilchrist : pretty good
alagu kapilan : suresh loganathan
cihan ylmaz : of course
kadek windhu : addictive gameplay...
akshay sonawane : worst experience
kiran sarkar : very interesting
ahmad althawabtah : a wonderful
ryan walter : really fun
kokok hadiantoko : very challenging
jason wolfe : really fun
that guy : very interesting
ed l : great game
raven oiced : its good
mitchell raymond : great game
petouris stamatis : its nice
sylwester sobolewski : great game
rheeyan daynielle lopez : cool
illegal noodles : challenging
axl sanmarwi : game sucked
shaji : ... addictive grafics, cars.... ...... sathym ..... superb....
paulo nunes : addicted!
marc cloid capacia : it's nice
grv s : cool.game..
jake stearns : great graphics
senumi weerakoon : great game
kristobal bonilla : its cool
shreyash srivastava : great game
zion harley : pretty good
fireyk0319 : its good
elizabeth gamboa : very challenging
reza khosravi : thats nice
karnasish roy : cool gameplay
mohammad alauddin : cool
selvia evasari : cool
osbely bustamante : cool
berli anshary : prefection!
gay baby : bean taco
plantito escobar ytv : thank
nuke : great graphics
dillon mullings : really fun
m. : really well
james gacheru : great game
fazel rafi zahran sudrajat : great game
theo zorn : top notch
naqiuddin saharudin : pretty smooth
declan kriek : is nice
narayan agera : cool
vishal kk : cool
sara gheytasvand : cool
gnaneshwaran b : relaxing
pax camara : cool
matthew clark : cool
josiah raphael : clean graphics
abraham corsa : its alright
kayne maxson alameda : verycool
arnold chew zheng kwang : is alright game played ( )
erp_police cheif : it's cool
ionut gila : cool game
vincent james tormis : great game
jose hernandez : great game
charly swade : great game
robin rebusio : nice graphics
jay chris cansino : stunning graphics
yancy buenavista : great game
mazzika amr : the best
spider bolt : pretty good
omar gamboa : relaxing
anne anne : cool
usernoobus : its alright
jason purwoko : awsome game!!!!
borjan kitanovski : great game
tian whittaker : sick game
lawn mowr : really fun
osan miru : nice graphics
parsa bat x : great game
pedro hernandez : nice graphics
krekot dumpling : cool games
matthew john : really fun
izhar haider : great game
guy montag : very cool
deepti ghosalkar : cool
hardeep singh : incredible
soheil babaei : cool
k4rim ok : cool
stephen cua : extraordinary
kylo delrosario : it sucks
evasion 999 : itscool at
chetna singh : bestestestest game bhayankar cool solid he yar kya bolta hai vo dude hooooooo
carlz : refreshing game!
mohammad rafat imran : smooth!!
timo vogelin : controlling bad
yashar bijani : this great
adam wallace : its cool
frederico magnecio : cool
bred : ight
7uhz : its entertaining!!
jackson brackeen : great game.
daniel zacarias : it's cool
edgar guzman : very intriguing
cheems : pretty good
zayd orabi : great game
rinas najeem : good graphicss
suraj singh : great game
christopher conner : great game
marek p. : very cool
im actually your dad tho : pretty good
hesam ravanfar : nice graphic
rainer eastman : great game
jason gale : cool game
shinkai : great game
julian lopez : really fun
dhanesh sharma : pathetic
mark ivie : frickin wicked
jaiannantpreet singh : cool
veronica trammell : cool
nikola todorovic : coool
mohammed sohail khadiri : addictive
sz_ attila : why not
mercy : hard controls
lone zombie : its alright
ezekiel molina : its cool
sinead mc cracken : great game
alex torres : its nice
johndeese deese : its addicting
marko kacarevic : adictive
alex : indie, perfection.
benjamin morrissette : it's good
jake mcgill : repetitive gameplay
shameej shami : great game
david donahue : definitely entertaining
alexia regiisflos : great game
aryan mahi : 1st class
curvy : nice graphicss
facundo alarcon : very cool
ty bug : it is fun
dzermak : pretty cool
zachary capone : great game
as lee : top
jose jimenez : the ever
yohanes theresia : asemm cok
oo : totally uncontrollable.
xan cruz : it's good
neel maheshwari : its great
upfront shark : really fun
erica butin : nice graphicss
hollywood the redneck : great game
zahn grassman : really cool
roisin quinn : pretty good
iqbal prayogi : addictive game
ariel toledo : amazing graphics
warrior panda : good morning
nikolai grimm yench : pretty good
jobu j : great gameplay
hurm young : cool game
ajdin ljevakovic : very charming
david medrano : super addicting.
adam takura : cool
kakashitan : addictive
christopher thompson : addictive
royal multi rajveer gamer : it is wow
harrison niemann : ight
santosh monish : asome
enter your name here : it's.cool
higen0 : great game
jake shelton : the best
lucius greene : awesome grafics
aashish kumar : peacefully game
paolo giordano : cool
cristita balonga : cool
ethan samera : cool
ethan bemis : smooth controls!
arindam ghosh : worthless experiance
tristan tucker : really fun
kennedy gatang'i : great game
keron king : great game
akku deepthi : addictive game
zachary blakley : great game
oliver matthews : addictive
rylan dsilva : must try
edna sison : fast cars!!!!
barbara mitchell : it's good
elmo's world : awsome graphics
ijaz ahmad : great gameplay
big_ mac : great game
raymond pereira : really good
mxhd dxrwxsh : its incradible
born for kill : nice games
rhenz lester manalon : great game!
harsha kodliwadmath : addictive!!!
jeffin varghese : great game
saarthak khanna : great game.
sumant patil : great game..
javad soleimani : the best
ccreamsonn : cool graphics
asp personal : great gameplay
alberto navarro : great game
bivanshu kumar : great game
thatboychris11 _ : cool game
small nova gaming : cool game
ther4t : its good
hanumantha : cool game
archita singh : best gameplay
crisbert quimson : its good
anime tv : great gameplay
phinix : awsome game
yashasvi nayak : cool game
devyn morales : good graphics
jake sensel : it is fun
logixx : cool
pop _up : cool
kits tunato : cool
meenakshi kakoty : cool
andrew carstairs : cool
ravindu purna : cool
thaden bisogno : cool
harikrishnan : love this
kaxenia kristelle : really bum
mayur babar : oh yeah
alexander john nunez : hard controls
noble williams : it's ok
umar bhai yt : game in
rehan khadka : adictive
waggle : alright
nas paragon : aight
tyler welch : addicting
jackie heitz : the best!!!
simeon deche : incredibly awesome.
harsh shah : great game
yasser motivation : great game
mark pratt : great game
hemi's garage : smooth gameplay
dj _ : great game
govind korde : nice creation
akbar bakhshi : thats good
nut189 : great game
brennan van aswegen : great game
urias tello : pretty cool
return my blender : pretty good
dh garage : very entertaining
shane hagerty : great game
ofelia martinez : cool
level up : cool
antariksh k : coool
tjaart van blommestein : cool
davy the swag : is aight
alper oz : beautiful graphics
cody weastell : great game
md. mohin : good graphic
shahid sharif : its cool
brandon harrington : pretty cool
ivan perez : really fun
amir karimi : cool
rais f : cool
alec nicodemus : its addicting
naseer muhammad : great gameawesome
amanda chmielorski : it's fun
adingga ga : cool graphic
qurban haciyev : nice graphics
aavo mumm : pree cool
arzic eldar : cool
bash7635 : coool
akhil gupta : worst control
gabe ransom : great game
weird icon : really fun
chad stewart : boring
alex turner : cool
chaiyapong nithipeerawat : adsless please
andrei dumitru : crappy driving.
the loot goblin : pretty good
fil ardi maulana : nice gameplay
risitas dupont : very cool
basj spallholz : it is fun
izak janse van rensburg : great game
zombiegang fang : it cool
rendi budiman : great addicted
thisal anupa : worst controls
nick emigh : coooolll
vinicius celeste : great game!
zar : addictive game.
sai ganji : #addictive
arman sharif : pretty cool
guitarkid playz : awsome game
christopher wenz : too fast
raymond tajanlangit : its cool
vladimir nadj : interesting
tamanna shahid : cool
charles gilbert : cool
jeremy couture : its good
tinig : it is fun
d ruano : really fun!
omkar mule : not interesting
pawe graczyk : weird controls
yousef kamani : it's nice
bam fazrin : nice ass
james fuller : its cool
silvereye : great game
shankar anad : ams an
aden cozzoli : asowme
tristan 1147 : it so fun
1985 honda cr-x si : addictive
zone 8 : thank drive
ivan potapyev : top game
josh vega : cool
adam g : diver food
rik banik : great game !
zachary jensen : great game!
michael frazier : great game
craig pilling : top game
pawan jaiswal : great game
rubie galvan : cool
sharan aithal : must play.
jenny norrell : very adicting
valentina greinecker : nicee game!
ankit adhikary : awesome. fantastic.
065 k_manish kumar uike : awesome experience....
marbien mindanao : its good
shokina khatun : every good
cripe scranberry : great game
emily wymer : cool game
kenneth julian : preettty good
sam 1369 : cool
abel asayehegn : cool
rohan parab : cool
vibe check : free car.
g kymer : great game
matin alimohammadi : it's fine
jtg 3055 : it's fun
preeti chhanda pattnaik : nice graphics
mark edgar : its good
joshua joseph : awesome cool
pearse keown : great game
xiomara vega : great game
juan pablo arizabalo : freaking awesome
lorenzo brooks : great game
ricky blue : cool
rosemary mitchell : cool
cisco : alright
adam deakin : great game!
kristopher ramkissoon : great game!
joshua sunoj : addictive!!....awsome...
shady ashry : great game
spacebuzz : great game!!!
jowen yempermal : great apps
diego : cool.
trent schram : its cool
aditya khosasi : good graphics
a google user : extra ordinary
abou chanab big cheho : so beauty
joveski dame : intresting game
muhammad muqaddam : great game
john m : really good
axel cano : great game
samuel quint : incredible game
alvin sjl : beautiful graphics
jeremy lax : pretty good
jakub frtus : really nice
ashish dabhade : so addictive
aaa aaa : great game
lm : really fun
flame : very cool
sedhupathi p : cool graphics
char jon : great game
jason bartheyl : its great
f1 : its good
matin bahmani : cool yeah
westley dowling : its good
pilot rock : really fun
xxkillshotyxx nightmares : awsome game
lingo : cool game
akram amellal : cool
isaiah blackmon : cool
william philipp : cool
oldi kamberi : top
anderson reynoso : cool
g.o.o.d b.o.y : cool
click shop : its prefect
datis kavaei : this verygood
hamidreza kohmareh : thanx
muhammad fauzi dzulkifli : bethebest
connor adlington : great game
jordan hassen : great game
faris harish : pretty good
bizzie bee : great game
james brian : its good
aidan schroeder : addictive
dylan warren : cool
will m. : addictive
mr stone nacario : cool
alvin ginardi : very addicting!!
rafael rios : its ight
zul aiman - officials : optional
edin masic : great game!!!
raziul islam : awsome!!
amirreza afzali : addictive!!!
matthew dryagin : sick game
doobz salam : it's good
tomas moro lias : frustrating gameplay
akambi lawani : top
kevin mullins : is maith liom bainne
eka minz : nice graphic
canadiantwins : great game
joel cass : great game
josh wagner : really fun
akash gamecraft : best graphic
joshua walker : pretty awesome
aa 10 : great game
hu tao : great game
kamal bharat : its good
nicolas el deghel : its good
lucian koic : great game
taha pnarl : cool
spandan datta : addictive
qlapyz_ : cool
ian kumle : cool
surendra rowthu : the best
bajagic balsa : top
amirhosein beigi : the best
cyborgistic : challenging
george grimes : cool
ced ced : thrilling
y outh : addictive
scott m : whee!
crimsonkat 1149 : its ight
zane eichner : thanks yes
alex : no thanks
alex solo : game is really cool but this ads...
michael smith : super glitchy.
jumi no : great game!
adriel adnan : great game!!!
anthon coley : it's good
mahsin spy : out standing
soheil taeb : its good
justin rey casin : great game
suryansh jaiswal : cool game
spartan 1870 : great game
zac brittain : great game
matthew lister : really fun
rousterky : great game
rhomar d. cardinal : very cool
muhamed mujadinovic : great game
kay kay : good overall
harley cool : its good
bigboy : pretty good
zombie junkie : its cool
david : pretty good
kalia brackner : cool game
s5 boi : really fun
yago passos : really addictive
elite vids : great gameplay
mahmoud elkaffas : great game
johnchristian guerra : its good
mason nicholson : most best
forback : great game
ferry chandra : boring
ilie galit : adds everywhere :|
hieu nguyen : is incredible
edward ruiz : cool
bruno camodeca : cool
konstantin : cool
quentinn noel : addictive
gabriel zacchi : top
dayle wild : cool
abdullah rumaih : forced rating
jonathan moya : addicting!
zachary cope : twas ok
matti valikyla : forced ratings
tyrone biggums : it's ok
qimarjhai sykes : ite.
jimmy stefan : absolutly
5b muhamad nadjmi : great game!
farzam jahanbani : good graphic
ruan dippenaar : awsome game
keith nichole william nicomedez : nice graphics
koloina famenontsoa rakotoarisoa : pretty cool
julian galvan : great game
joseph mazzei : great gameplay
just freude : really nice
podjanee maklaiat : thatvwas fun
harman kataria : great game
zj : its nice
casper fecken : cool
gabriel kline bacolod : the best
febrian gilang isradityo : top
keyvisson fernando : cool
staceysliger : it's osom
muhd syahir : please update
affandy awid : tym wastin
shooters for mnl48 : hard controls
richard. a. garcia : it rocks.
bass & trap : what a very great headstart for a new game! this game is awesome! the voice acting is very cool too , maybe add more modes like cop mode or maybe add an retro map because when i play this game i remember 80s or 90s arcade highway driving , its just has this 80s atmosphere and its awesome , it has many cars too , money making/soda cap making is ok , its not those kind of games where you pay to get a new car its really ok. keep up the good work i like this game!
brandon crawford : the best
jack gangster : cool
nasz tablet : ikeep crashing
hans christian senora morales : very addictive!
harvenesh murugan : great game !!
naitik chauhan : cool game.
1m freefire : amazing graphics...
a google user : its good
rais : great game..
nirmala : great game
a google user : good graphics......
ramla ter : boring ....
eissel fandy : too punishing
flavor design : silly controling
uday kiran : pathetic controls
kabir : worst cotrol
mohammad rezaei : it's good
a google user : cool game
jackson billy : good graphic
vaibhav sharma : ok cool
sirsoapy : totally awesome
leon mena : great game
hyder rajput : cool game
isaiah ortega : great game
amir hossin mohammadi : yessss good
mohammad faghih : really good
enmanuel betances : great game
kenzy vaz : great game
jurgen van der wal : nice wheels
ben gamer : the best
babbooyy : great game
funny jokes : nice graphics
ivan rankovic : cool game
joshua zink : great game
djordjije pasic : great game
john walker : awesome graphics
mahendra gupt : its good
nugget : great game
azraff gamer47 : its good
arvin calonzo : great game
okay-d : great game
ghetto tanker : great game
pika bita : very addictive
enhanced monster : really fun
dilnajsingh rattanpal : its good
amin achanghan : very great
azri azsr : very addictive
bernand friendly : cool awesome
libby elliott : cool
sa restful & relaxing music : cool
kirito fujiwara : boring
joshua ogero : boring
sabaku_dz_ o : cool
ilia aziznezhad : cool
sivaram s k : addictive
ali khalilzadeh : top
atralan prakash : cool
a google user : cool
zhe zher : addictive
bala gyi : cool
aubz baxter : cool
alif imanindra : addictive
aq4 gaming : cool
susan njoki : the best
rehant thakuri : cool
hadrian mathias jung : cool
ajith kumar : addictive
tawsif imam : love this
regina sultanova : cool
amirhosein hakhaamanesh : love this
sayanty biswas : addictive
kyle oba : very addicting!!!
wickus meyer : ok ish
jugal mavani : new concept
allain taborlupa : rate you
vivek rawat : bhot hard
nemia evangelista : its coll
mika morton : #adiccting
behzad manoochehri : it's ok
a google user : 9o
dinesh n naik : inrcedible
grim plays : greatbgame
panara rohan : aweasom
giridhar jyothi : great game
leus sandico : cool game
malleswari koduru : this game my bestest game to me ever .the voice make me fill that my car is alive and we r the partners .but ...cars are very expensive
sumon mia : worst race game out there. could not control my car at all.
azy : i just love the game for it's photomodes and the photo can be used for contest and winner gets the paparazo role!
r r : tum to bade heavy driver ho !
a google user : good game .i will refer my friends those who are interested in car games
essam aljaroud : i uninstalled this game because of the unskippable ads. nice game though.
sumer rajpurohit : 3rd class game..... bhai koi controller pe dhyan do... speed tho kamm hoti hi nahi....kaise chalayega carr,&fuel lene jaye tab tak tho direct accident...
rich chatfield : wow that sucked ass.
m.a2z : no real time multiplayer
omega : bad sensitivity possibly a little bit more faster?
daljeet singh : worst game,
andreas cj : sick game
alomgir nahid : mb theft.
marie rountree : im really to be flip and go rachel rountree really go racing
rvince : something changed...
im tired : horrible controls smh
numayr imraan : great art
completedizasta : absolutely fantastic
mohammed golam mostafa : really good
2k brothers : wonderfull trailer
wassim sbai : cool game !!!
snehanjan roy : worst controls....................
anakha anil : good game and very adventurous
nikhil shah : bored!
armin mashhadi : boring
randomrazor'-' : cool!
manuel gomes : simply awesome
rafael correia : nice graphics.
a google user : #fool...................?
kindwalker : thats amazing
zzap : #crash
s g : bored.
abhishek dayal : its awesome.
rachna shaw : great game
abeni tesfu : its good
tuneboy : it's cool
jonas cross : was fun.
unni videos : its interesting .....
shaib ali : great game
a google user : it's good
sagar dey : worst game
thakur aman : difficult handling
ummay kulsum abbas : worst game
aaron pillay : horrible game
sushil stha : worst game
shock - : crappy game
i j andrzejuk : poop horible
technical cool show : worst app
rama : so boring
spextray : not interesting
trevor wernisch : huge scam
techno gamerz club fan : worst control
kaushik santra : worst control
lalit joshi : data theif
the legend : very boring
pranati bakshi : worst experience
ilija tesic : very boring
dayamoy maji : worst app
m tw : keep crashing
a google user : it's nice
snack mkhwanazi : cool
jarl balgruuf the greater : wava ra amis dedasheveci
dante nh : offline joyable!
max carson : great graphics
5uud5 : great graphics
santosh pakhare : cool
dheeraj c : totally awesome
renar ann catan : love the graphics
yng kng : challengingly fun
jamna meena : great timepass
john shaw : its awesome
razin ashraf : the best
gregory greathouse : great game
sailaj : so exciting
debarshi saharia : awesome graphics
affan kazi : cool game
asif hussain : very addictive
aryaman das : its lit
waqas khan : great game
ian jeff : its cool
shawn dsilva : its good
deep sahay : very addictive
sukanya reddy : its good
jonjon zimaron : great games
carolyn ross falls : too easy
naufal hi haidar : great game
mr. man : really fun
a skquecy : great game
daniel paulin : great game
love mishra : great game
shivam yadav : very interesting
ananda krishnan : its good
kalerwa kisuche paul : really fun
farhan np : cool game
martzilka : cool game
bemnet yonas : its awesome
doreen nafula : simply nice
conrivedthegamer 35 : great game
useless_ : pretty good
vertio : pretty good
nixan lal varghese : good app
irfan danish : great game
cosmas munasirenyi : great game
nacero smr dz : great game
andreas yenri : great game
redd schned : its cool
a google user : great game
google user : hard core
azari haynes : pretty good
alireza bayat : really good
arul falah : great game
surat jobs : good app
dursun ghanashray : great game
jarpan jain : very cool
pohan siddiqi : great game
jithin v : good app
mommy tips : its good
shanna jones : great game
nishchal kulshrestha : great game
ahmad azwar amaladi : good graphics
zhellozho sebastian : cool game
lorio : good graphics
kith_ kaizyt : pretty good
janlouis lacsamana : nice graphics
mm gaming bd : great game
asish b.k : great appp
kisan kank : wow fantastic
akinonarwhalestars- meow : great game
francisco c. caldas : really fun
tio tyrta : good graphic
ashish dhakate : good graphics
mohammed zaki : smooth controls
yavor : great game
dran k.o : great game
pure moon : really good
jeremy lacsamana : good experience
rafi ponnu : top ride
gabriel domenech : cool tricks
aas megasari : is so fun
mark wynne : boring
angela merici ecclesia : cool
sujit saha : cool
josh munro : this sucks!
livinus okwute : horrible
milky : boring
charlie redpath : boring
red right hand : boring
anmol dutta : boring
sikender saifi : boring
micah hartman : boring
nripesh kumar mishra vinayak : boring
moses shahid : boring
vandana nigam : horrible
alizma ! : boring
mich sal : crashes
jitto p v : boring
paul shepherdson : boring
sobs video : boring
reach x8 : boring
siddhant verlekar : boring
yuvraj singh anger : boring
wowgun1000 : boring
johny cash : horrible
gen amixt : boring
josemaria ofurum : cool
iyven moonesamwy : cool
sumna khalor : cool
gadel : cool
dribling mk : cool
zaya darhanbaatar : cool
hsc e 37 vivek prasad : easy
dustin ortiz : cool
ciprian marandici : cool
pablo rodriguez : cool
eduan goosen : cool
naithan drake : cool
yuki hotorou : relaxing
hayore 16 bit : cool
cubilo bilo : cool
sean sinanan : cool
gerald the gamer tv : coool
chumki barua : cool
ratna bhattacharya : cool
kota hladky : cool
iylin john : soothing
drive yagaming : cool
vijayaamalanathaan vijayaamalanathaan : cool
aj gaming tick mark illa : addictive
fernando silva : cool
munya tinashe : cool
kokoy d. salvan : the best
haha xd something : cool
loosed concepts : cool
adriactive playz : cool
somnath dandgal : cool
riley purdie : cool
qusai saaty : cool
digital knight : challenging
gomer somoza : cool
jijo hadj : it's fin
mathe andras : never again.
sharhad khurshid : it's ok
abolfazl soleimani : fireing
astronix plays : editor choice
bhakti powar : so swit
saee shamspour : thank you
ali r.b : its alright
gurwinder singh : duns sheffield
ab all buddy : wrost app
great guy : its ok
divakar kumar sharma : chor game
sinvula masule : its hard
rudra- trending-videos : wrost game
jahred sasing123 : its ok
leonel gonzalez : it alr
bad poetry : wicked game
vishal123 vishal : raser vishal
sohail saleem : downloading please
shyam kumar das : iot 8b
boboian : very original
tanvi kudke : its ossom
khan g : ghost bro
er wan : hard controls
sanjay kumar : limited gameplay
jacob tapp : very coel
shaik mohammad rafi : somewhat missing
lufu. : f ast
rajesh sharma : wrost game
shayari stun : need fpp
sibongakonkhe buhle : it sucks
ajith kumar : hard controls
mirata mokari : #exiting
t capri : fire
arumugam s : vinoth
jobito george : thabz
kishor vadher : it is
aaliyan yar khan : try it
santosh patil : as
a google user : harshadpandere
suman bera : owsome
divya murali : bore
dimitar doychev : it aigh
hazxn gadois : ight
biggie miggie22 : ight
ed perrine : finally
chander pal : chanderpal
dhanraj singh dhanraj singh : fire
neeta soni : veryverynicegame
manish bharti : worth
