 if only you can meet up with people that you met in the part right after the starting bit but other wise it's a good game update(i if you can now but when i played you could not),0
 this game is very calm and amazingly fun to play  i already enjoyed myself playing this game for a minute or two. i reall recommend people to play this game. it has nice graphics you get to see other players and unlock friendship and you get to explore other worlds.,1
 i can't open my sky because it crashes everytime i open it after update  please fix it fast devs! since feb 24 and i didn't even recieve compensation.,0
 omg! this game is awesome i play everyday continuosly for 3 hour. this game have fantastic story with high graphics & music .,1
 fun to play with friends and nice sceneries but  the video recording button in-game doesn't work on android(with clean scenery like ios),1
 beautiful graphics. cute stuff. but struggle to get a lots of heart and candles  bcz need to farming,1
 very entertaining and fun to play through. you're able to make goals to save up for capes and there's seasons that last up to 2-3ish months at a time with daily missions to earn candles. there's a huge amount of emotes and socializing with other players is easy and fun. you can hold hands with other players and sit on their shoulders. the story is really charming and the customization is great!!,1
 this is the most beautiful game i've played in my life. it brings me a sense of inner peace and every world makes my soul sing with joy. the music is great  the animation is magnificent  the flying mechanics are easy to learn  and the story itself feels like something out of a whimsical fairy tale. this is definitely a game you should play if you want to escape the stress of the real world.,1
 plsss fix your game i cannot enjoy playing anymore because the game won't run smoothly in my mobile phone device and i can't enjoy the game anymore... it's so sad because i like this game but can't enjoy it plsss fix it,0
 awesome game are the visuals are stunning. for real they're the best graphics i've ever seen on an android,1
 great sensory game. audio visual and sensational integrated. so love it,1
 still a 1 star for me. the game is good but everytime  i had a hard time connecting to the server even thought my internet signal is good.,0
 i love it  good story and great graphics  but i think increasing the resolution is a good idea,1
 i love this game it's so cute yo i just got done playing and i was awesome this game is so good you guys did so good on it the game it's just so wonderful tbh youtubers should play this and if anyone else is thinking about getting this game ....get it you won't be disappointed ,1
 i'm giving a four because i want to get some cool stuff without the pass. please let more things be available without the pass.,1
 some of the statues in eden doesn't have a button to give them your winged light. additional  i can't log innnnnnn  it keep saying i don't have internet connection this is so nakakairita,0
 likes + ,1
 really good  sometimes i wish i could play without people. i wish that this would be on playstation or xbox,1
 the game is very relaxing  and beautiful the lore here is through the roof! i play the game daily hope the updates never end! edit,1
 great game! i love everything about it and the first flight is always so magical! i removed a star from my original review cuz there was a glitch in eden where after everyone died i just started zooming into the sky then it froze and i'm kinda mad about that cuz now i gotta do it again ,1
 i loveeee sky is really light and really asome  but the only bad thing is the split of server but everything else is all realy amazing. i realy enjoy playing this game ,1
 i love this game so so much!! though the bugs are frustrating  i don't really care that much hahahahaha,1
 5 star game  the graphics and story is amazing and i love the whole vibe of it  but after a while it's repetitive  i only get on to grind  there's no more joy in exploring and it's just boring   i wish there was more to do then just grind for candles but it's still an amazing game,1
 the best game i've ever played  and i've been playing for a year now. definitely a 20/10. edit,1
 it's so beautiful to play. the music is good the characters are cute and the gameplay is sooo fun!!!,1
 the game has been crash seen latest version for few days now starting from the double candle event so far i had lost 30 seasonal candle is hurt...,0
 really nice game! love the gameplay feel and also the designs for characters.,1
 this is such a wonderful game! it's easy to make friends and i love the graphics ,1
 this is the most cutest and 2nd greatest game i've ever played ,1
 i can't seem to get into the game cause it always say retry my connection or something  but my internet is fine though.,0
 ts prices are too high  cosmetics are expensive  does not listen to community feedback and caters towards senior players and those financially comfortable,0
 eh... too much bugs to fix  it's always happen all the time so annoying.,0
 problematic controls ruin the experience  i am experiencing sudden spins or camera rotations. also sometimes the camera orientation becomes unresponsive.,0
 absolutely love this game! the community is amazing and the world is open-map  the whole game and its premise is stunning,1
 this game was amazing the graphics of the game is sooooo good the storyline is beatiful and the players are so nice best game ever!!!!,1
 this a aaa rated game what a wonderful wholesome game it is!!! graphics is good too well everyone should try this game out.,1
 don't delete my review  there is a new bug that causes the android 8 players to crash every realm except eden  fix it already  it's been weeks  we can't farm candles,0
 very lovely game. amazing visuals. weird devs and strange company that ignores beta and releases all bugs to live. could live with it sometimes. nice graphics and music.,1
 such a beautiful game with beautiful graphics. soothing music. work of art.,1
 the is a bug where there is no sound at all i have tried everything turn up the volume and everything i could but i can't hear anything so... please fix this,0
 this mobile game is absolutely epic especially if you have good headphones. completely superior to your average mobile game.,1
 this game made me so relaxed when i first joined sky. its a lovely beautiful place to make friends collect cosmetics and play musical instruments!,1
 yet to understand what this game is! though graphics are absolutely phenomenal.,1
 i usually wouldn't leave reviews  let alone 5 star reviews  but this game is way better than i thought it would be. it's music is also amazing ,1
 it's the best game ever i never get board it's free and paid too but free items also are so awesome 50% paid 50% free i love this game!,1
 the ending literally made me tear up. this is one of the best kobile games  hands down.,1
 this is so much fun. i play this game so much and i have so many memories of playing this with my friends and having a great time. 10/10 would recommend!!!!,1
 since the new update for the christmas event  it's been hard to log in the game. it keeps getting errors and leaving me in loading screen. i have to restart and open the app again to get in. please fix this.,0
 this game is so beautiful. wow i can really see the energy put into it. really amazing stuff from the animation to environment design. plus super amazing ux,1
 this game is so peaceful and the graphics are very beautiful thank you for fixing the bug tgc!,1
 absolutely amazing and wonderful...i have no words to describe. i feel more calm and relaxed while playing this game.,1
 sky  brought you by the amazing developers behind journey. this is yet another breathtaking game  with amazing graphics  unique storyline and creativity! thank you.,1
 a wonderful  beautiful game with stunning graphics and a friendly community.,1
 really cute game. not too hard  but also challenging if you want it to be,1
 game is just amazing!!i love charachter designs and graphics.music in this game is everything!! its fun to play with friends and it never gets boring!!its amazing i recommend it!!,1
 would be nice if you guys could really add something to bring a some joy in this game cuz it's the same thing over and over again with each update.,0
 thos is a really cool and relaxing game  i love the story and the sounds are amazing,1
 beautiful game please make interest and update more unlock more stages and create more places because it's very nice game,1
 this game has such an amazing graphics and story. really enjoyed playing it,1
 one of the best exploration games ever. heartwarming and simply beautiful,1
 amazing graphics minus the few bugs but overall it's a great game,1
 its rlly fun. soundtrack is soothing. its a relaxing adventure game ,1
 good graphics and cute  100% should try out if ya like calm games with great music,1
 worse game i've ever played most of times you will end up with watching animations only,0
 personally i admire this game for. it is very chilling.the music too is just amazing,1
 graphic glitches and low performance on the s22 ultra the game is also very blurry on android,0
 it's the best open world game it's so peaceful and for making new friends,1
 i appreciate every single work in this amazing game!! i can say it's the best game ever that i downloaded from play store everything is so good !!,1
 it's so beautiful  great sound effects  great scenes,1
 a very fun and free running game. absolutely love it.,1
 i've been playing daily for nearly two years. i've never loved a game more. it's my safe place.,1
 very good game the background sound was to smooth and th character development was cute,1
 the game really does seem  like a lot of fun  i have only started playing sky  but i'm looking forward to seeing new sights.,1
 it's very relaxing and the graphics are great,1
 thank you for creating this game i love it so much and the places are just pretty well made,1
 this is the cutest game i've ever played!!! i really love the animation,1
 honestly iove this game and the fact it has cross save with the switch is beautiful,1
 the perfect game to play with strangers! no matter how bad and evil you are or elegant and brave nothing changes,1
 it is a very nice game love the story line everyone must play it it worths all the data u spend,1
 i love the graphic  story  anything in this game is amazing!!!,1
 this game has helped me through some really challenging times mentally. it's very peaceful and has some really good energy. personally  i recommend it if you're looking for something that makes you feel good and warms your heart.,1
 this game has better graphic  and a lof of hidden place to explore  i like this,1
 i love this game. it's creative  calming  fun  friendly and social. it's a game i can only recommend to people curious enough to explore this world and its beautiful asthetics and art. it was an easy 5 stars ,1
 this game is amazing it is beautiful and just amazing i cant say anything bad about this game.,1
 has a calm theme  good for people who are into adventure games. nice music too.,1
 this game is so beautiful and cute! the entire time i was playing  the only thing i could think was "wow look at that!" everything is well done. the music fits every area perfectly  the esthetics are amazing  the sound effects are fluid  and the multiplayer is better than many pc games. best part is  the community is incredibly welcoming and supportive. thank you thatgamecompany <3,1
 best game i have played in a long time...great graphics...get to visit absolutely beautiful places...love the storyline & it's very challenging...wish i were a beta tester for this game ...that's how much i enjoy it..thanks,1
 surprised this is free to play. the game design  the mechanics and the level progression everything is done to perfection.,1
 im disappointed by this game they give me the bugs a week more they're not even giving me compensation like i cant even buy the limited stuff even though i already bought theiradventure pass wasting my time,0
 an android masterpiece  one of the best experiences that a game gave to me in 10 years.,1
 it's so good  the graphics  the lore  and the gameplay it's so good,1
 oml i love this game srsly  beautiful imagery and details  calming music and sound effects and you can play with friends. not to mention smooth movements and easy controls. 100% recommend,1
 after update  my server always error and to many bugs. always get out the game!! ;(,0
 this is a good game  i like the story and it has a pretty sick graphics for a low end device,1
 this is a very relaxing game with beautiful graphics  music  and story.,1
 if you want to have a relaxing time playing an adventure game with cute items and graphic i highly recommend,1
 very beautiful game! although there some slip-ups with the flying  but i enjoy it overall!,1
 this game is my new favorite! i love it so so much there are some minor bugs but otherwise it is awesome!!,1
 i like the game because it's really amazing. because all those ghosts and new upgrades winging powers.,1
 greatest game everrr!!! there are no bugs the graphics are grea,1
 such good graphics very good detailed game really interesting makes you feel very concentrated and its quite peaceful and relaxing,1
 tried to sign up  but the game is having server issues. y'all need to upgrade lol,0
 this is an amazing game.. it can calm down a person a lot and the soothing music of it is amazing..,1
 this is a masterpiece  a game unlike anything else. it blows my mind that a mobile game could be so good. first of all is 100% free  +no ads this just shows how much passion and love was put to this game! the graphics and the music are just breathtaking it could easily be a pc or console game. plus the "social features" add a whole other level to this game. it is heavy tho and poor devices will lag a lot. for me the lag is minimal but still there  tho i would be surprised if it wasn't.,1
 its absolutely breathtaking. you want art and relaxation? this is it. honestly i've never seen a 3d game a cinematic as this one. everything looks so good. so far the theme is also intriguing. now for the controls  they are still a bit hard to manipulate for precise maneuver. and theres a sort of co-op component  but communication is really hard. i hope they set a friend system so.,1
 this game is a masterpiece. the music  graphic  gameplay  story are all great and even better when combined together  i recommend everyone to give it a try. however there are still some issues,1
 a masterpiece. the graphics are stunning  each frame of gameplay looks cinematic. i also like the interaction that you can have with other players. cons ,1
 absolutely love this game! the graphics and music are amazing and the storyline is captivating 100/100 update,1
 i love it! this game is incredibly well made; from the stunning graphics to the overall game play  sky,1
 the game gas great graphics  it's probably one of the best i've played on mobile. i only have one problem,1
 start with the major downsides. you can't play with your iphone friends. there are bugs that leads to losses of an extremely limited resources which you cannot recover. else,0
 this is game is so cute and aesthetic ,1
 i do like the graphics  cool character outfits and all the expressions. it's a sooth and relaxing game. there are still many things to do with friends even though you explore the whole map  reborn many times  got alot of candles and start fooling around with the dragon and all. overall  it's a nice game. but i noticed that the price of some specific items keeps raising across time  not affordable(with my condition). it would be lovely if they were cheaper. ,1
 a beautiful game  it has a heartfelt environment and immersive gameplay. edit,1
 one of the best mobile games i have played so far. really well executed. the gameplay evokes a sense of mystery and exploration. you get to meet players from world over and there is a sense of cooperation and helping each other out which is great. at times one does feel a little lost but then it feels like a part of the game. nothing pushing you to rush anywhere yet you want to explore more and more. thank you for this. and guess what  no ads... ,1
 it was a fun game to experience and explore but the storyline is really lacking. it very hard to interpret what the story is. the controls are not as tight with flight being very hard to steer at times. it's not made clear that once you get to edan  it's a total restart. you loss all your wings. there really isnt a reason to continue playing once you reach the end because it's just a repeat of a short game with cosmetics for your character. it's very beautiful and the music is amazing.,1
 4.5/5 the game controls are fairly well developed - there are occasional glitches that occur but nothing that takes away from the overall experience. the quests keep you on your toes but sometimes it can be a chore... i'm still rather invested in the game because the visuals are absolutely fantastic and i would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys discovery-type games!,1
 great music  great controlls. the reason i deducted the stars are  story is ambiguous. no voice-overs  no story  not sure what to do  not sure where to go  monsters!! really?? in this game! worlds are good  customization is limited. i give you 100 points for effort and music composition. looking forward to more games from you.,1
 the game is a bit glitchy when flying and avoiding rocks in eden which makes it hard to control or get away fast. had a few problems with certain gates not downloading and had to re-install the game quite a few times for it to eventually work. lovely story! i'll definitely keep playing it. enjoyed playing journey on the ps4 so hopefully this game will also be added to the playstation store sometime in the future.,0
 probably the best mobile game you'll find right now  minimal to no ads  really good graphics and beautiful sound design. sometimes you don't know what's going on and that's the beauty of it  it reminds me of journey  you may not know where you're going but the places you visit along the way are amazing. the only real 'problem' is that there's a tiny bit of lag and the graphics go down for budget phones  but with a game as ambitious as this  that's only expected,1
 fantastic game honestly. there's something for everyone. sky has puzzles  exploration  both peaceful and exciting moments  mystery and intrigue  lovely music and beautiful open maps on which to play. the best part is that even after "completing" the game  there's still more fun to be had what with periodic events. occasionally things get a bit buggy but these issues are mild  temporary  and largely overshadowed by the game's appeal. it really is a game for all different types of people.,1
 not to complicated. good quality game. with easy and difficult levels.,1
 this game is amazing and i love it.it has a very nice vibe to it i wonder what happened to badland2 anyone remember it?if you can bring back the game it would be appreciated,1
 exceptional experience  real and good fun  definitely worth the price. a few minutes of joy with friends and family is priceless,1
 it's very entertaining and all  but the ads get on my nerves! honestly!!!,1
 love it. boy it makes me laugh and same times i want to launch my tab . perfect lol,1
 absolute trash can  you can only play like 20 levels out of 400 and then the rest you have to pay nearly five dollars...,0
 i used to play this all the time with family and we loved playing it. over all the game is perfect and awesome.,1
 i really like this game  it had so many ways to be the best like theres a lot of strategizing involved  that being said it's really good overall good job,1
 tooooo many ads. i cant enjoy this game without being asked to pay after every level.,0
 play a game  lose a match  had to watch ads forcefully....ads with 30 seconds without skip,0
 when you pay to remove ads  it actually removes all ads. kudos.,1
 it has amazing graphics. i need badaland 2 3 4 5 6 etc . i am waiting for more levels nd graphics,1
 simple stunning graphics  simple stunning controls  simply perfect gameplay,1
 too many traps. stuck at the lasts level. only the developer can win this game.,0
 its a realy hood game,1
 i loved this game a lot... it's a single player and single finger game but this game is just unbelievable... everyone must try this game....,1
 the most family friendly game even with so many deaths involved. forever best game~,1
 badland is very nice game i recommend you also download this game and play this game graphics is insane and the controls are pretty challenging,1
 creative and clever level design. simple fun with beautiful visuals and rich atmosphere,1
 love this game.. frustrating as hell  but love it for it..,1
 there are too many add while playing the game. overall game experience is good but adds ruin it totally,0
 there are to many ads in this game  its either watch all these ads or buy our premuim  you dont want our premium? well watch these ads then.,0
 there's like 4 levels unless you upgrade to premium sucks and was a waste of time,0
 im not one to criticize ads but seriously at least let me exit out  if the ads are gonna be that frequent let people exit out. please fix it,0
 this game is amazing. i had it a while back on my old phone and the atmosphere along with just a fun game makes this overall great,1
 maybe i'm missing something but with no controller it doesn't play well. also it was a bit boring.,0
 i am so glad that i already played and finished this game years ago when these people were not greedy for money..... your ads suck.,0
 osam i like this game so much ..its a very good game i had ever plaid .... thanku thos who made this game.. the graphic was so beautyfull and i like the beautyfull back ground sound ...,1
 one of the best two players i've ever played good control and graphics,1
 full of lag and bug   specially on lazers. my phone is galaxy s10 it doesnt have any problem but on this game my phone get freezed o dont know whats the probleb but i hope they fix it beacause its great game.,0
 too much ads and you can't even skip them,0
 you can not get any achievements on google play games unless you are connected to internet! and when you are connected to the internet badland becomes ad-land!,0
 it is vary fun and i like how you can make your own and over all it is a good game.,1
 this is my childhood. game soo i want it too try again and it was still fun as always,1
 ads!! if there wasnt ads so often it would be perfect.,0
 too much ads every time i die there's a 15 second ad and i'm not that good so its annoying,0
 amazing game. love the graphics  gameplay  and aesthetic.,1
 this game is worth the size of 100+ mb its feel veary good whike playing it  and i'm running on 833.3mb ram tablet and its amazing  keep the work up creators!,1
 brilliant nice very hard for everyone but if you try this game then you feel like the game is easy  so try it,1
 best game ever...too hard but too good... just wonderful... i installed 6-7 games but i didn't like them...but i am really impressed by this game...superb...,1
 a very good game but too much ads but it is a very good game after all it is the free version,1
 best game i've ever had in my whole life the graphics is so amazing!!!!!,1
 just takes me to a black screen where i can't do anything but listen to the main menu music,0
 i absolutely love it  as well as me and my brother can play it together and we are always having so much fun and laugh!,1
 there are some levels which are super hard and most are just super easy,1
 this game is amazing great graphics levels and really fun to play keep up the good work,1
 i love this game so much the quality is amazing and the levels get harder and harder i play this game every day and never get bored! great jod developer it is amazing,1
 is it a game or what .. so many ads... we can't play continuously without getting unskippable ads,0
 perfect couch multiplayer game  with support of multiple controller on a single phone.,1
 this is a very good game if you considering to buy the full game you should.,1
 unique and very interesting game + challenging,1
 i like the game very much the smootheness of graphics is superb.keep going developers.,1
 this game is exceptional it's simple calm and relaxing it's a distressor and a anxiety releaser.,1
 addictive game if you have been a fan of classic flappy bird. this feels like flappy bird 50.0,1
 i really like the forest and the adventure in the game in the unknown creatures it really brings out the name of the game badland,1
 this game is great i can get frustrated at times but once you beat it then you just have to move on to the next,1
 badland was an amazing experience. me and my so have spent many days playing this fantastic game in co op on our nvidia shield,1
 it is very very hard game super game i only completed day one it should be game of the year and it is not like pubg it's multiple super,1
 cool but u need to pay for playing other days and u cant play multiplayer or world levels because of that ads,0
 this is one of the first mobile games i've ever played  and it still holds up years later. definitely earned my money,1
 four long adds between each lvl  would have been a good game but completely ruined by adds,0
 ah  the nostalgia. this game is still very fun to play with friends.,1
 wonderful game.nice graphics.simple controls.soothing background music great experience.,1
 i love the controls  its veru simple and fluid. weldone developers plus its beauitful.,1
 this game is great  it's very soothing and the art is great  i'd recommend it to anyone~,1
 its got a really good indie atmosphere and its just relaxing game. good job.,1
 don't waste your time with the free version all you do is get spammed with ads every 20 seconds greedy bastards,0
 i love this game so much im so obsessed with it you can do multiplayer and single player!,1
 nice game it is really fun no ads so i rate it 5 stars,1
 worstest app ever  never install this app. only adds are there . play 1 minute and get 4-5 long adds without skip option worstest app,0
 i have had this game for about 10 min now. and i haven't been able to play it. honestly  it's because of ads.,0
 the game is so lagging that from the upper levels it lags so much that one time i thought that my phone had just totally wasted.,0
 best game ever played just love this.graphics are astonishing and also its amazing with earphones.,1
 i hate all of the ads and stuff you have to watch every time you finish level,0
 many ads and all of them take 30 seconds. thats too much.,0
 its so stupid and dumb how everytime i finizh a level or die there is like a 30 second add ..........please fix it or im quiting your game.,0
 wayyyyyyyy to many ads you have to keep on pressing no thanks to badland premiemum just to get another ad,0
 too many ads  and after each ad the sound gets reset so i can't keep it muted,0
 bruh the graphics are sick as freak. the controls is good and the gameplay is lit,1
 i looooove this game. its great. nothing else like it on the app store. you will love it as well. give it a go  you wont be dissapointed,1
 i like it its cool  funny  savage and crazy and it has good graphics and mechanics to it,1
 best game i've ever played.it's funny  clever  so realistic.really deserves a masterpiece.,1
 very fun. great graphics. and even a level maker.,1
 i love this game very much it is very interesting exciting   in this game very cute characters . and it is very adventure's levels and this is i love it.,1
 requires full access to my file storage  and refuses to run otherwise. uninstalling,0
 fun to play and a good time filler. i'm new to this game so still getting the hang of it but i'm having fun doing so.,1
 this is is insane fun! but though.... i love it that you can also create your own badland game this is why i vote 5 stars! but... i wish that i can vote this 999999.00999999999999999999999999999 stars... a ,1
 its good and have a little hard...its suitable for the person who like a fun game and have a challenge,1
 i love this game! its so fun!you can create your own levels and overall its cool!,1
 really an amazing and relaxing game without any restrictions loved it and it's like playing hill climb racing in ragnarok amazing it's like a mysterious night,1
 really great game. tough levels and interesting game play! good job the game is fantastic!!!!,1
 huge unplayable bug for tv makeing the whole thing eather black or white no grey so theres littleton 2 colors on the screen and you can't even tell what anything is,0
 controls are simple graphics are stunning best game to play in a quiet lazy afternoon,1
 love this game. so much variety& challenge. skill required! lasts for ages,1
 overall a good  unique game to try and kill some time.,1
 absolutely beautiful game both visually and in the simplicity of game mechanics,1
 this game is just a blessing to us smartphone gamers  such a console quality game deserves high recognition from literally everyone. i give it a solid 5,1
 its fun easy to create and all you have to do is hold and yoi can play multiple friends,1
 don't donload too many ads worse ads  continuous ads  can't skip either.,0
 what beautiful game  i really love to spend my free time playing this game while hearing thoose relaxing sound theme,1
 too many ads. one for every death or new level.,0
 worst "free' game ever  after every 30 seconds they show you a 30 seconds ad,0
 it is annoying that there is an ad at each level so please fix it,0
 way too many ads. futurecof games in uncertain because of so many ads,0
 its a very enjoyable adventurous game with a fine graphics. i just love it,1
 game is extremely fun. graphics is beautiful. and gameplay is awesome,1
 best game ever it requires skill and strategy and for all those people who use these things this is the game for you 5 stars.,1
 this game is superb the control are very easy the graphics is awesome . this game is awesome,1
 the controls are smooth and graphics are great!!,1
 good... but too many ads. really  like too too many ads...,0
 in my opinion there are way too many ads which gets you to buy premium.,0
 it's got such good animations-probably the best installation i've ever made really relaxing music,1
 it is great for creative thinking and also a good problem solving game,1
 it a unique addictive game which put in a trance like state due to the deep environment accompanied by the natural acoustics,1
 a good physics based game.love the graphics and minimalistic design,1
 i love this game. such a creative beautiful game. i get stuck on it for hours.,1
 ads are after every minute and they last 30 seconds. not playable,0
 way to many adds! impossible to play unless you buy the paid version.,0
 i like the sounds and the amazing background that makes badland a calming game.,1
 ads is horrible. unplayable. too bad it's a good game,0
 the game is full of ads..& becoming very much irritating.worst thing in any application or game,0
 too many ads. advertised on other apps 3 a week charge to play this,0
 worst game ever. whenver i try to play it shows me to upgrade to premium and then close the game.,0
 its ok for group play but they should really make the solo levels more interesting and way more harder,1
 l love this app soo much! but since when did you add true co-op and since when was there build a level?!? i am a old player,1
 so addictive i've played it all day & i've finished all levels it's a fun game & great graphics,1
 when i was younger i would play this like crazy! and i think i should get it again for fun,1
 simple  alive  easy to learn hard to master  this game time well spent,1
 this game is amazing i can remember the first time i played it years ago i have been looking for it for so long now my brother showed me this game and o couldn't stop playing it,1
 too addictive. background music is so cool. it's very much fun every time i play.,1
 amazing. just amazing. even amazing is not enough for it. its fanatastic,1
 too many ads  would be a good game but uninstalling instead.,0
 great levels  brilliant level creator and easy controls!,1
 badland is a fun game it has an awesome story and i love jumping and flying with the little guys,1
 it is a great game and things are so cute four players can play in it good graphics,1
 i keep getting a bug where when i start playing everything beckmes echoed and it ruins the sound,0
 it's so inspiring and beautiful of some people's lifestyle like mine it is fit exactly and made for me to play thanks creator,1
 a little strange story  amazing graphics  really. if you haven't played it yet  you really should (also i'm really glad that theres level creator),1
 an ad after every stage. more time with an ad than playing.,0
 very good game  runs smoothly with no bugs and the art style is beautiful,1
 i love this game it's so cool!!!! because i only love it and my friends always die and i gave five (5) stars and littrely so funny play it now like 1000 persent i realy love it do you love it? then play it! i hope you love it!!!,1
 it's unusual and strangely alluring. .....i like the graphics.,1
 the worst app ever it gives advertising every minute the worst please don't download   you'll regret it.,0
 very fun and challenging. but it has alot of ads though,1
 too much adds. please consider those on paid mobile plans without wifi access.,0
 ads in every level was so annoying so i uninstalled it... i hate this game thank you,0
 everywhere i look there's just ads and ads and more ads!!!!!,0
 good game  simple  nice graphics and good gameplay.,1
 ads are unnecessarily frustruating i watch ads more than i play the actual game.,0
 beautifully crafted world. challenging and engaging to play.,1
 i don't care about the ads i think it is a great game which is different to anything else i have played before,1
 this game is so amazing! my friends are laughing and we enjoy the game and the hard levels,1
 too many ads in this game which doesn't worth the money aking for premium version,0
 i think this is a great game it is so chill the graphics are so good it is a really good game i love the background noise,1
 really cool and addictive. the sound effects are spectacular,1
 amazing graphics and awesome sounds. addictive and highly recommend,1
 combines elements from many of my previous favourite games. play is so cleaverly addictive!,1
 its quite delicious and appetizing  contains some nice ingredients and looks good,1
 amazing art  and a great time killer. i higly reccomend this game.,1
 it is a nice game but there are some levels that have no logic it is super unique game,1
 love the level designer .also i really like the graphics.,1
 it was such an amazing game that tested your brain. definetly a game worth getting.,1
 always shows the annoying message to upgrade to premium   this game is greedy,0
 theres not much to say  its just the best indie game i have ever played! so many levels!( )!,1
 it's a fantastic adventure with a great level editor! and it's all free!,1
 an ad after each attempt at a level! come on!,0
 too much ads  this game is more like advertisement. com,0
 i finished all the one player free levels. it was a good experience,1
 stop trying to force me to buy the premium version and i've only been playing a game for 10 mins.,0
 i'm rating 1 bc it just none stop ads if i say no to whach a vid for a skin it still makes me whach it just no prize fix it,0
 awesome graphics  i rly love this soundtrack   its amazing   i sz this game!!,1
 one of the bestest game i have played ever...a mysterious sound effects....full of.silence and peace....what a game great...,1
 great app!! as i was seeing the ad some game pop up in my phone nice concept of watching ad.,1
 screen movement goes too fast before i can get my guy unstuck  please fix the screen move bug,0
 destroyed what was once a very good game with adverts...uninstalled.,0
 challenging and relaxing  really brings out the satisfaction of survival,1
 i love this game so much they did a great job on the game concept but the best thing about this game is the level maker,0
 amazing! i'm 8 years old   love the style and sound effects.,1
 that's an awesome game right there love the visual everything is just beyond brilliant,1
 it's good because u can play with your friends on the same divice and you can play on co-op,1
 best game out there. beautiful graphics and control.,1
 a very nice game but please add online multiplayer in it to make it the best game in the world,1
 absolutely brilliant game but over time its get to difficult to collect more clones,1
 too many adds  they make a good game completely annoying and unplayable,0
 it's a very good game. i really enjoyed and loved playing the game and i am very much entertained... keep it up,1
 this is so fun and tricky! i enjoyed a lot. it's just amazing thanks for the game dev,1
 great graphics and sounds. very entertaining!,1
 i remember plaing this game at a phone store  but when i got my phone i did not remember the name  of the game so now i found it.,1
 just amazing  there art is so cute  plus   the app works perfectly!,1
 it sucks that i have to play an ad after every level. disgusting,0
 great gameplay. would be better if it had a storyline.....,1
 literally played this for ages and finished it a few times and i think it's addicting too and i love it ,1
 this game is not good when am trying to play it says badland has stopped. like b i want to play.,0
 it's very easy to complete the levels give me the tough levels update to this game,1
 top notch game all around. fun  challenging  great atmosphere,1
 this game is most exiting game a bird is in a trap. he wants independence. that was all,1
 fun game  simple but challenging. cool artwork.,1
 i loved mosty the sounds while playing using headphones its very very awesome i finished this game for 3 times,1
 2016 anyone? god i love this game. chill  challenging and brings back memories lol.,1
 exceptionally good. unique and very interesting. highly recommended.,1
 this game was amazing. i used to play it all the time since it was so amazing and i could play with friends,1
 enjoying thoroughly,1
 love dali games. well worth the money.,1
 great game,1
 overpowered game,1
 great game,1
 nicely done,1
 more interesting,1
 great game,1
 very cool,1
 superb game! bought anti-ad and some pirate chests to support the devs! good job!,1
 game is fun  nicely-crafted  but the controls leave you desiring for better.,1
 thank you.,1
 thank you for using actual gameplay footage in the video preview. now i actually know i want to play it right off the bat!,1
 this game is good for killing time,1
 the game is very easy,1
 well made game. every level seems different and not repetitive. some of the controls can be a bit annoying but overall it's fun.,1
 having a lot of fun  addicting good for spending spare time,1
 it's a great game. i would give 5 stars but controlling is very bad,1
 pretty fun game. the progression is at a good pace and the graphics are cute. i also like the multi-touch to split group.,1
 not a bad little game! if you're a d and d fan! new gamers probably won't like this game! if you grew up on atari and intellivision! it's perfect!,1
 i'm not bluffing but this is probably the most fun i've had playing a game ever if u don't download ur missing out on a lot of fun!,1
 a totally addictive game.if you are bored because of old games then give it a try.you'll not be bored,1
 addicting! this is what i call a unique and smart game. there's nothing like this on the store!,1
 this i most interesting game i have ever plas but we can take very less heroes,1
 very nice game. i really like it. the game idea is new and the graphics are very much stunning,1
 innovative and responsive controls  while still remaining entertaining for short periods of time.,1
 enjoyable and simple fun game. need more adventure !,1
 it is very cool and very addictive for me guys who created this game five star for me,1
 the greatest game to make my fingers ready for school,1
 this game is pretty good i would recommend it to anyone who likes the necromancer,1
 bland  and too much hand holding,0
 not very far but good,0
 awesome game. love the control using tap and swipe.,1
 don't change anything o love ot,1
 it's a very fun & intense game you'll be on your heels when you play it.,1
 love it! reminds me of legend of zelda.,1
 nice simple game  great time killer.,1
 simple but engaging little game - worth trying,1
 easy play  also thinking game,1
 good game for time pass..so funny,1
 why is the money almost useless in the game? why can't i gain experience points if i fail a stage?,0
 needs a better way to level up,0
 good game with cool tactical gameplay,1
 rating prompts after less than 10 minutes playing = 1*,0
 very fun for road trips!,1
 needs a story line. mission objectives should have a connection to the story.,0
 it's fun  and adventurous,1
 great game love it!,1
 lost interest straight away,0
 pretty good  easy. little fun one.,1
 nice and addictive game...!!,1
 very easy to play.,1
 cool graphics and easy controls,1
 fun time waster,1
 crashes constantly,0
 such a fun game,1
 best simple games,1
 great game,1
 cool,1
 easily one of the best games on the play store. yes it gets difficult  but i've not spent a penny on gems. its made me rage quit several times  but i can't stay away for too long.. incredible game.,1
 great job is since a while i never played a funny game as this. maybe more customerisation of charachter will be more funny,1
 i have a lots of fun in the game ..thank you so much for lovely game,1
 great idea for a game  easy to control and i like the item upgrades,1
 the game is good but i'd make the free reward come every two hours,1
 this is some garbage ass gamplay,0
 this game is good i ensure u that u should download it,1
 i love it the game has very good controls,1
 great game can't wait to see where it goes in the future,1
 nice game. keep up the good work.,1
 its a great game. love to play.,1
 this game is awesome by getting jem's faster,1
 simple to play yet fun too,1
 just like the pics losing interest,0
 wow so cool!! i love this!,1
 pretty good. addicting !,1
 yeah...its really a good game,1
 that is awesome game....simple and fun,1
 great fun!!!! simple and quick. easy too play,1
 simple but addictive!,1
 it's so so awesome,1
 great game to pass the time,1
 good time pass game,1
 love this game.,1
 fun time waster,1
 very nice game,1
 really fun and simple,1
 really good,1
 what a great game,1
 excellent and the inovative,1
 great game,1
 it is great,1
 a simple and fun game. found this by accident and i never find good games. i would highly recommend this to anyone wanting a quick fun game with great replay value. don't have to play it for more than a few minutes but could pay it for a long time without being bored.,1
 is it a game or what it is so much fun when we play it anytime i liked it thankyou for making the game.,1
 great game i really enjoyed it. the graphics are cool and the game works smooth and fine. i liked the idea of fighting and solving puzzels it is really entertaining,1
 this is a great time killer. fun little game  not much brain power required. very good game.,1
 i've only played the game for a few days so i don't know about the long run  but this game definitely is an attention grabber,1
 fun  unique and rewarding hero-collecting/strategy game. the in-game rewards are generous and there are no paywalls. definitely a 5 star game.,1
 i think if you give reward its more likely that the person will rate it ,1
 simple  and engaging game that you can play anywhere without data. what can i say. its perfect,1
 awesome and super amusing game. funky and appealing graphics. really gets you emerged in a simple fashion.,1
 pretty sweet game  i did how it's reminiscent of zelda for snes,1
 it's a good game grate graphics and very nice control's this game is so fun,1
 awesome tap button rpg. i have enjoyed thus far.,1
 i always wanted a strategy game on the phone  this is a real time  very basic strategy game with puzzle elements,1
 a great concept but it doesn't use the formation mechanic nearly enough.,0
 great game but too many ads.... like to play some more games like this,1
 i love the concept of the gameplay  please make games like this more often,1
 woah! this game is really cool! and bro can you make the health bars visible at all time? that would be nice ,1
 loved it  great controls  awesome music and action packed,1
 simple yet challenging. easy yet intense. great game all-around.,1
 i higly recommend this game! very fun!,1
 i've just seen the video and it was awesome,1
 so far is an adorable little time waster,1
 nice game  so much fun i have when i play this game,1
 f**k you. made me delete all my games and it still won't start,0
 amazing  seriously i absolutely love it,1
 this game is awesome then dota2 admit it!!!!,1
  this game provides you everything you look for in a formula car game... different tracks...different modes... just amazing...hats off!,1
 very very nice game i had never played in my life.its graphics are very good. iam giving 5 stats .no negitive about this game .it is very intresing game nice game for ever!,1
 it's a nice game and the best part i like to play is the road which is designed beautifully whereas it contains music. one thing i don't like is that there is no hindi song other than that i love the game and the person who made this game is very very very intelligent.,1
 its very good game and its graphics are awesome,1
 this game graphics are very much good,1
 i like this game so much it is amazing you should donelowed it,0
 can you please add a "distance covered" feature? i don't really want to play for the points. i earn (i like them though) i want to know how far i've gone before i crash. and thank you for this game. when i feel down i just play it and feel in control. i feel i can crash multiple times and still be able to continue.... sometime i'm scared of doing in real life  at the moment. so  thank you for giving me some control.,1
 its a very interesting game. i played it and found quite impressive. its graphics are awesome. it has many beautiful superfast cars . i can easily choose my desired car for racing. its a real time killer  beat boredom and enjoy the excellence.,1
 this is the best game and very good grafik. thank you,1
 this is a very powerful energetic game i like it i very very like it,0
 i love to play this game. it has very high speed cars . its graphics are trademarks. i have contacted most of the levels. i am really excited about completing final level. its very easy to control cars.,1
 i love this game u guys should download it very interesting,1
 this game provides you everything you look for in a formula car game... different tracks...different modes... just amazing...hats off!,1
 et the new update of "formula car racing stunts 3d" added "multiplayer track mode" for more fun new exciting story based levels added new cars added new stunning environments added new sounds added game visuals enhanced more car stunt levels added control improved improve user experience by reducing annoying ads game size reduced multiplayer mode will be added soon enjoy with latest update of "formula car racing stunts 3d" and give us your valuable feedback for future updates.,1
 honestly it's a dissapointment  games wig this is for you guys i saw a video ad of yall advertising your game but couldn't help but notice that you included gta 5 game play and considered it as your own if this ad doesn't get taken down you will get sued,0
 very very nice game i had never played in my life.its graphics are very good. iam giving 5 stats .no negitive about this game .it is very intresing game nice game for ever!,1
 my child is very happy. car play very interested. so excited play,1
 it's a nice game and the best part i like to play is the road which is designed beautifully whereas it contains music. one thing i don't like is that there is no hindi song other than that i love the game and the person who made this game is very very very intelligent.,1
 game is good... enjoying it well but rating only four star for not modifying the interior look(fpp) else this app worth's five star,1
 i love the game all the time my friends in the game my car is bugatti i liked. bye,1
 its very good game and its graphics are awesome,1
 this game graphics are very much good,1
 i like this game so much it is amazing you should donelowed it,1
 can you please add a "distance covered" feature? i don't really want to play for the points. i earn (i like them though) i want to know how far i've gone before i crash. and thank you for this game. when i feel down i just play it and feel in control. i feel i can crash multiple times and still be able to continue.... sometime i'm scared of doing in real life  at the moment. so  thank you for giving me some control.,1
 its a very interesting game. i played it and found quite impressive. its graphics are awesome. it has many beautiful superfast cars . i can easily choose my desired car for racing. its a real time killer  beat boredom and enjoy the excellence.,1
 this is the best game and very good grafik. thank you,1
 one track and not a finish line comes ..,0
 this is a very powerful energetic game i like it i very very like it,1
 i love to play this game. it has very high speed cars . its graphics are trademarks. i have contacted most of the levels. i am really excited about completing final level. its very easy to control cars.,1
 this game is good for doing time pass and it is good for chanllenging,1
 i love this game u guys should download it very interesting,1
 formula car racing game is one of the best game. it is easy to play for everyone. it features are very well and designing are very great. great work by developer. it is very awesome game. highly recommended%%,1
 this game is super graphics are very good,1
 very good to play is good for your energy.,1
 formula car racing is interesting game. its easy to play. its control is smooth and easy. its features are awesome.. graphic work is really good. good job.,1
 wow this is amazing game. controls are so smooth and grapics is mindblowing this game full with adventure .,1
 its a very good game. its newly launched jungle mode is really amazing . its background views are awesome . i really enjoyed it. its graphics are amazing. its very easy to control the car. i always play this game and i would recommend this game to others.,1
 nice and vvvvvvgoood and i am like this game is the first good game in my world,1
 this is op and amazing game i enjoj it,1
 absolute scam! pretty much every other button takes you to a 1 touch pay of 50.99  that's linked to your google registered debit card. shouldn't be this easy to spend that much money. would never use this or any other product by this company again.,0
 i love this game very much but i think it would be better if you added more traps but i still like this game,1
 good game but there are too many ads...,0
 formula car racing is an addicting game. easy to play. smooth and easy care. the functionality is excellent. the graphics are really good. great job.,1
 formula car racing is full of stunts and advanture game. i play this game in my free time. it's all levels are challenging. i recommended to all. %%,1
 wow! its such a wonderful game. its different levels are fabulous. it runs very smoothly. graphics and background views are really fantastic. i love to play this game.,1
 this is very nice game and i like cares in this game,1
 formula car racing is very easy to play. it has many interesting levels. all levels are so easy. i am loving it.,1
 formula car racing stunt 3d new car games 2021 is such a lovely enjoyable racing stunt game on playstor. it's really wonderful features and control are so nice and smooth. i like it so much,1
 the levels are very artistic,1
 i can't even start explaining how good the game is,1
 its a really nice game and i love it,1
 is. game. is. very. good. to. play,1
 this is very nice game,1
 the game is very nice,1
 good apps thanks for you a game,1
 the app is best please download,1
 very very nice game,1
 awesome game .......try it,1
 the game was super amaging,1
 nice game for time pass,1
 stunt racing with formula car racing touch is highly appreciable and approachable as great gaming adventure is waiting for you so make it your first choice to manage a perfecr game play.,1
 formula car racing game is a fantastic game. its features and graphics are so amazing. i really appreciate the developer and also recommend it.,1
 formula car stunts 3d car game. this is very intresting game   it has a lot of challenges and if you want to enjoy this game and if you want to win   download this game immediatly.,1
 formula for racing 3d stunt new car games 2021 is such a wonderful gameplay. i enjoyed it to play car racing stunts. it's smooth and lovely control. i like it so much,1
 formula car racing is very interesting and very fantastic game.its easy to ply.its control is smooth and easy.its features are awesome.. graphic work is really good.,1
 formula car racing stunt games this is a very big formula game and if you want to play long distance by racing then you have to play that game  it is very good and perfect.,1
 formula car racing is is a absolutely and fantastic game. this game have many interesting levels. all levels are so easy.,1
 tremendous game. extraordinary features. graphics and controllers are excellent. sound effects are good. very glad to play this game. %%,1
 in this game there are very high speed vehicles that fire on the road. its graphics are amazing. i always play this game. it runs very smoothly. it deserves five stars.,1
 formula car racing game is an amazing and very interesting game. its features are very awesome. it has very beautiful graphics.,1
 formula car racing game is good game to play. its themes and graphucs are good . its enjoyable game ever. i love to play it in spare time . highly recommended.%%,1
 one of the top car racing games i have ever played. it's visuals gameplay background music everything is just wow. i love it a lot.,1
 formula car stunt 3d game is so addictive. i like it by its unique idea of creation. its graphics are so remarkable and stunt moves of car are just fabulous.,1
 formula car racing is one of the best game. its features and graphics are amazing. highly recommended to all to play this.,1
 formula car racing game is very interesting and full of adventure games it is very easily download from play store its graphics are very beautiful i like it so much .,1
 formula car racing is awesome and amazing game and your driving skills on impossible racing tracks of formula car stunt games it's very enjoyable game i really like it.,1
 one of the best car racing games  i ever played. it contains amazing car racing stunts with super fast racing cars. i love to play this game. recommended to download,1
 formula car racing stunt 3d is an amazing game to play. it has awesome features. it is one of the best car racing games to play.,1
 formula car racing is a excellent game. this game have many interesting levels. it is very easy to play.,1
 formula car racing stunt 3d is an excellent application. i like it very much. it has awesome features. its graphics are awesome.,1
 formula car racing 3d is a wonderful game to play. it has superb levels. i like that very much . it has amazing graphics.,1
 formula car racing is a wonderful game .i really like this functions and features .and background music also osum.i like very much.,1
 enjoying this car drifting racing game with extreme level of gaming adventure that everyone can play with great zeal and passion and manage game play in a challenging mode.,1
 formula car racing stunt game is very good to play in your free time . i like its car designs and colours. i like the roads.,1
 best formula car racing game this game has many interesting missions it provides very simple interface also the designs of tracks that are available to drive your car or so attractive,1
 best car race game  this game has many interesting missions  so simple to play  best for all android gamers  also it has a big collection of interesting and new designs of cars,1
 formula car racing game is one of the awesome and interesting and great game to play. it has impossibal tracks. love it .,1
 formula car racing is one of the best game which i like to play. its feature and graphics are amazing. developer done great job to develop this game.,1
 formula car racing school of adventure ke bit graphics are very beautiful and features are very awesome but it is very easy download from play store.,1
 best car racing game  i like the graphics of this game  it has smooth controls  and easy to. play  all android gamers must play it,1
 formula car racing is a absolutely and fantastic game. this is such an amazing game. it has many interesting levels.,1
 formula car racing simulator 3d is an amazing game to play. it has very advance features. it has excellent graphics.,1
 best car race game  this game will provide you unique gaming experience  it's interface is so simple and easy to play as well,1
 best formula car race game  this game has many interesting missions  it's so simple to play as well  controls are also so smooth,1
 formula car racing is a good offline game. this game have many interesting level. it is an a great game with incredible future.,1
 it's full of action and advanture car formula game. it's all features are awesome. i played it and really enjoyed it. i recommended to all. %%,1
 best formula car racing game  this game has good graphics. so simple to play  controls are so smooth  highly recommended game from my side,1
 this is amazing formula car racing game. it is very crazy car stunt game. it has very beautiful graphics and features.,1
 formula car racing adventure is mesmerizing game for me because of the nice stunt gaming and good control over the movement of the car.,1
 just abostule terrible game ever made  i don't know why this have many downloads  the game asks you to buy "all the levels" and "all the cars and skins" it's just a scam  and the game itself is the definition of lazy.,0
 best 3d car racing game   i like the 3d effects of this game  it's simple to play  highly recommended from my side to all android android mobile gamers  also there are many interesting missions are available to play,1
 formula car racing stunt game is a fantastic game. its features and graphics are so wonderful. i really enjoyed.,1
 formula car racing stunt game is a mind-blowing game. its features and effects are so amazing. it is a best game ever.,1
 i installed formula car racing games  after playing very good games  i have a lot of fun  i see that it is government. i enjoyed it after speaking,1
 formula car racing game is very amazing application. its feature and graphics are fantastic. i love this game.,1
 formula car racing game is so wonderful application. its control is too easy. this game is available in play store.,1
 formula racing stunt 3d is one of the best racing car. its graphics quality is outstanding. its features is awesome. download it and share with friends.,1
 formula car racing stunt is an interesting and exciting game. it's features and graphics are very good.,1
 formula car racing is such a wonderful game with full of enjoyment and interesting challenges. convenient to install this game. i really appreciate to developers,1
 formula car racing is very good @pplication ....it has become one of my favorite app.the interface is pretty simple &accurate .recommend it.,1
 formula car racing stunt 3d is an unique and easily download game it's graphics are so amazing. thrilling environment and gameplay of formula racing game.%%,1
 it is a best game for children. very easy to install and play it. many levels include here and all level are unique.,1
 formula car racing stunts 3d is the one of my most favorite game in the play store the feature and graphics of this game is very fantastic recommended to all.,1
 formula car racing stunt game is a mind-blowing game. its features and graphics are so amazing. i really enjoyed this game.,1
 best car racing game  i like its 3d effects  it performs well on my android device  it has very simple interface and easy to use well,1
 in this game  i see that a boy has a car and what he says  because of this  the tension comes very much. tell me the games are very good. this game is bladed residency. the game is about hamra 200 hoga  you start the dance. its ranjan is very good for the country.,1
 best game for car racing gaming lovers  it has good graphics  easy to play also its controls are very smooth  highly recommended from my side,1
 best formula car racing game  this game has many interesting missions    it has very simple interface and easy to use,1
 formula car stunts 3d free stunt games are very brilliant applications. and it contains wonderful features and graphics are very amazing.,1
 this is amazing and very interesting formula car racing game. it is very crazy car stunt game. its features are very awesome.,1
 formula car racing game is very wonderful application. its control is too easy. i really enjoy this game.,1
 beautiful feature and graphics use here. all credit goes to the developer. many level include here and all level are unique.,1
 formula car racing stunt 3d is such an interesting game. i am so impressed from this game. its features are excellent. i recommend to all of you play this game.,1
 formula car racing game is very excellent application. its work very fast and very easy too. awesome game.,1
 game making why not make the game a lot fun in formula car racing's sack this game is very good. the graphics in this game are very fast. the speed of this game is very fast. this car is in red color.,1
 formula car racing is very good @pplication ....it has become one of my favorite app.the interface is pretty simple &accurate .after using this app i recommended everyone.,1
 formula car racing stunt is very interesting and full of adventure game with graphics are very beautiful and i can play this game with my best best friends.,1
 formula car racing stunts 3d new car games 2021 is very good and great game. excellent features and graphics. i really like it.%%,1
 formula car racing game is very stunning application. its control is too easy. this is very awesome game.,1
 best formula car racing game   this game has good graphics  easy to play and controls are so smooth  highly recommended from my side,1
 formula car racing stunt game is a wonderful game. it's features and graphics are so amazing. i really enjoyed this game.,1
 formula car racing 3d game is a best game in the play store and i like it to play for entertainment and enjoyment it is also useful for driving car.,1
 formula car racing game is very wonderful application. its feature and graphics are brilliant. i love this game.,1
 formula car racing is one of the wonderful app in playstore.its great feature and amazing graphic .i like it .,1
 formula car racing is awesome and amazing game racing stunts as these top speed formula game take you to the possible heights of car driving game i really like it.,1
 formula car racing game is so lovely application. its feature and graphics are stunning. this really enjoyable game.,1
 formula car racing is a absolutely and fantastic game. this is such an amazing game. it is very easy to play.,1
 formula car racing stunts 3d is a wonderful game to play. it is a best car racing game to play. it has awesome features %%.,1
 formula car stunts 3d racing game is a nice and very cute game  it has a lot of fun to play  this game is very adventurous and the fun makes it two-headed to play the game.,1
 formula car racing game is really fun and great game to play it has impossible tracks. it is a real fun game to play.,1
 formula car racing 3d is an amazing game to play. it has very amazing features. it is an interesting game to play.,1
 formula car racing game is very wonderful application. its feature and graphics are fabulous. i love this game.,1
 formula car racing stunt 3d is a good game to play. it is an excellent game to play having very nice features and graphics.,1
 formula car stunts 3d free stunt games are very awesome games. it's contains confidential graphics and features are very well.,1
 formula car racing game is very fantastic application. its feature and graphics are fabulous. i like this game.,1
 formula car racing game is fantastic and amazing game i really appreciate it and i like the feature and graphic design.,1
 formula car stunts 3d is wonderful and amazing game play this formula ramp car stunts racing games and finish the adventurous formula race with crazy car driving it's very enjoyable game.,1
 formula car racing stunt is one of the best car racing game. i like to play such excellent games. it has amazing features .,1
 formula car racing game is very fantastic application. its feature and graphics are fabulous. i love this awesome game.,1
 formula car racing game is one of the best car racing game. its control is very easy. i am so impressed from this game. install it and enjoy the game.,1
 formula car racing game is a mind-blowing game. its features and graphics are so wonderful. i really enjoyed this game.,1
 formula car racing is a brilliant app i will play most of time .its great features and function .i like it.this app very simply i recommended to everyone .,1
 formula car racing stunt 3d driving game is very much an extra game  you have to use formula to play more and this game gives an absolutely perfect formula.,1
 formula car racing game is so nice and amazing application. its feature and graphics are stunning. i like it.,1
 formula car racing game is very nice and amazing application. its control is too easy. lovely game.,1
 formula car racing stunt game is a nice and super car racing game it's a lot of fun to play and it is full of adventure.,1
 formula car racing stunt 3d game is very good and the game playing car is very advanced by applying the formula. it is very tremendous.,1
 formula car racing game is very nice and amazing application. its feature and graphics are fantastic. amazing game.,1
 formula car racing game is a fantastic game. its features and graphics are so amazing. i really enjoyed this game very much.,1
 formula car racing game is very lovely application. its control is too easy. i really love this game.,1
 best formula car racing game  this game has many interesting missions  it's so simple to play x it has good graphics as well  highly recommended from my side,1
 formula car racing game is so wonderful application. its feature and graphics are fantastic. i love this game.,1
 best game ever made for mobile. got 40+ hours on  #6 in the world.,1
 i love it  the gameplay and the graphics are really good (i would like more,1
 love the challenge. so fun too. great game to play too pass time,1
 such a good game can wait for the update,1
 love the cats,1
 cool!,1
 great game,1
 it is fun,1
 cool,1
 cool,1
 great game!,1
 great game!,1
 was fun!,1
 love this!,1
 absolutely adorable!,1
 loved it!,1
 im learning.,1
 very interesting....,1
 relaxing game ,1
 thot provoking,0
 great game,1
 great game,1
 such fun,1
 cool,1
 boring,0
 refil battery.,0
 cool,1
 interesting,1
 cats meow,1
 great game,1
 great game,1
 i jerrry loving this game because i 12 year old and the game have so much fun!!! 5 star,1
 interesting,1
 lived it.,1
 the graphics are great the story made great five stars,1
 it was glitchy and it crashed 11 times,0
 didn't know what to do . only had one episode other one was locked,0
 definitely want to see more. this is excellent,1
 love it really nice no bad credit!,1
 this game is nice! its like the pc game called 10mins like wow,1
 the game will not dowmload. errors out every single time.,0
 you literally do nothing you just look at pictures when you go to free you need to read and that's all you do if you go to the other one you do nothing it's just a picture you literally do nothing that's why i put one star cuz i'm bored on it so boring do you like just looking at pictures no there is only like two pictures there's one on free and one on the other one i forgot what the other one if you think i'm lying go check it out cuz i don't lie,0
 really neat  unique game. very fun!,1
 this is a very good game.i am losing the words for this game.this game is very well made by the team,1
 i'd give it 5 stars but after buying the game the game itself has no sound smh,0
 wow..i like this game so much so entertaining lots of tricks.recommended,1
 it was a bit childish but better than most of the games for mobile,1
 loved this game from a to z. the only thing i did not like is that i haven't found i game that is this good ever since!,1
 one of the greatest i game i have ever downloaded and played i like the smartnest of the character joe,1
 probably the best story based game i've played on mobile.,1
 this games is amazing and well worth its price to get the full game,1
 i love it  the story writing is good on this one!,1
 it's a good game with good story i hope they make more games the developers am talking about.,1
 brilliant i hope you games with good storyline like this.,1
 awesome game and the storyline is super mind blown.,1
 it is an awesome experience. more games like this is needed.,1
 really enjoyed the game. its the first time ive commented on any game/app on playstore! thank you devs!,1
 i finished the game! it's cool the story has a twist.,1
 offline game that wants to manage your phone calls? no thanks!,0
 didn't open and now i can't uninstall,0
 there is a tiny xp design mistake   that every dialouge  will be disapear soon  without having user controls on it  ,0
 very addictive and keep me interested very good game.,1
 the best story based game on android so far i played.,1
 great hame highly recommend playing all the way through including pt2,1
 bcz after playing 5 ch it will show premium levels and i hate this thing worst,0
 shows blank screen if phone or storage permission is denied.,0
 it's was really good and i like how it's a mystery game  10/10,1
 bro i can't even make it to the fourth stage it's freaking too hard,0
 awesome game and awesome concept.,1
 the best puzzle game,1
 great little game  well worth buying.,1
 one of the best puzzle games ever,1
 great game which reflects innovation and creativity,1
 the pictures given is not in the first part and it is in the second part and we need to give money for that also so not that good,0
 incredible game. amazing. worth the money.,1
 brilliant  well worth the 4 quid for part 2. please make another,1
 wished it would continuse but its for the best.... love it so much,1
 loved this game. this is one of the best game i have  they should make more games like this. thank you,1
 incomplete game. ads arent worth stars,0
 game is running very slow,0
 superb game.... worth paying.... keep it up dev,1
 i like it a little hard for the puzzels,1
 wonderful  beautiful  lovely  amazing!,1
 the best story game i have played to thid time.,1
 sucks you pay for the full game. wish it pay for up front,0
 challenging and fun. wish there was more,1
 so good! thanks so much for the addictive game and character,1
 absolutely loved the game  was worth every penny!,1
 love the style  great idea!,1
 really good i loved it...i just wish there was more episodes,1
 exceptional in every way,1
 this is the best puzzle game i ever played,1
 this is such a great game i played it twice i highly recommend this game!!!! enjoy!!,1
 i like the story line please add more season  what happen to mr lumber ?,1
 love it wonderful time travel experience ending was awesome,1
 this game is so deep and need hard the i liked the story,1
 the 2nd best adventure game (after minecraft) i wish you will make the 2nd part soon,1
 this is such a fun and interesting game!! nothing like you would expect!! please play!!,1
 best story and good game controls and nice,1
 this is only a sample game. you need to pay 5.00 to keep playing. wrong.,0
 awesome game   it takes you to the whole new world .,1
 very very very bad chapter 3 level ,0
 awsome story + game design must play !!,1
 great story. good graphics,1
 i will not play a game that misuses the word (retarded). i specialise in caring for dd people and misuse of the word is unacceptable. i wish i could give it a zero.,0
 i've played this game for a few years over and over again and i love it every time,1
 amazing game good story and gameplay,1
 it's a good game. but please make the full game free,1
 i loved this game! played it years ago through gamefish..,1
 really engaging story fun gameplay,1
 great art style and story,1
 excellent game! bring back fond memoried og monkey island...,1
 because the story is short and i can't afford the part 2,0
 among the best. not sure when this was made that very appropriate in 2020.,1
 liked it but i dnt want ti pay for the other character so i deleted the game,0
 um needs permission to make phone calls? seriously? what's next? needs permission to wipe my ass?,0
 it made me pat money after i started and beat the first chapter. now i hate this company and i hope nowone pays for the extra chapter.,0
 oh  god! difficult puzzles!,1
 a good play with decent storyline  yet to try episode 2,1
 nice story. good gameplay.,1
 is the best puzzle game ever,1
 i would give it a zero star if i could i couldnt even play the game because it didnt have english i-,0
 for some weird reason i cant download this game. it stops at 105 mb.,0
 make more games like this... i love it so much,1
 the story was nice. i wish that someday i'm going to make a game like this,1
 coooooool game! highly recommended but it needs some updates,1
 this game had a lots of secret messages and i love it! ;),1
 excellent game play and concept,1
 awsome game  short but awsome,1
 great game specially the plot twist in the end,1
 didn't even play  as there is no reason that a game should require the permissions this game is asking for. something seems dodgy here.,0
 epic game i will not unninstall thus ever please install you will love it ( if youre smart) and buy episode 2 (totally worth it),1
 stylish and enjoyable.,1
 brilliant puzzle mystery game,1
 great game  i wish there was another episode,1
 please give me super hard and boring if you like it i hate you,0
 love it. which they would make more chapters!!,1
 amazing game a bit tricky but its amaizing,1
 wonderful marvalous avengers i'll like all your game please put more games,1
 great game the puzzles are sooo good great game,1
 great experience. loved the storyline.,1
 really cool puzzle game,1
 my curiosity to next levels was increased,1
 really enjoyed  just wish there was more,1
 a very enjoyable and we'll crafted game,1
 amazing game!!!!! i certainly love it and recommend it,1
 just don't add these money  i can watch ad to make that money if you want,0
 i love the story and i love everything in it 10 / 10,1
 really its a good game wish you to be in the editors choise,1
 this game is taking too long load,0
 pls make more this type of games!! i love it,1
 it's worth paying for the second episode.,1
 the game was very boring too much plase work,0
 why do you need access to my photos and manage my phone calls...hmmm,0
 the best point & touch story based game,1
 amazingly epic! loved everything about it!,1
 i love it i hope to move further along through this game,1
 amazing game and story  loved it,1
 in chapter 2 the game doesn't have sounds,0
 this best game in puzzle game.,1
 i remembering playing this game when i was 4 years old and til now it's a pretty good game,1
 this game is so perfect nice job dev's make another one plz,1
 you have to have the high iq to play this and it's really fun,1
 this app does not function on my samsung galaxy s10e.,0
 its sad that you have to buy the 2nd part ,0
 almost everything is detailed what a hard work...i'm telling you this game is full of awesomeness!,1
 its really good great story line too,1
 oh man!!!! what a fantastic game... . i suggest everyone to download this game....,1
 buncha b* 5$ for part 2 and 3 its so bad!,0
 wishing the developer made more awesome games.,1
 awesome game. wish they would have more stuff like this.,1
 i don't like it as you have to pay for episode 2,0
 awesome game totally new and immersive would recommend,1
 just when ure invested in the game  they make u buy it!,0
 love the game  want to see this as a movie. 5 star house on fire,1
 great game. when are you making another game?,1
 if we received sms or calls the sound goes off,0
 this game is very intersting  clever & storywise super game,1
 very difficult to play,0
 best game definitely worth 7 bucks,1
 i reaaaaaallly hope you guys come out with more games because i absolutely love this one!!!!,1
 simple awesome nice story game,1
 liked it so much i bought the 2nd episode!,1
 mind blowing game..... really awesome story....,1
 just loved it... every mobilegamer should play this game...,1
 brilliant game  authentic and eerie,1
 chapter 1 is free but chapter 2 is $5 that is to munch,0
 best story game i ever played worth the money,1
 best point and click i have played so far.,1
 great game would love to see more like this,1
 worth the buy. loved this episodes.,1
 awesome game w a unique story,1
 great game! played it twice.,1
 one of the best mobile games ive ever played try it out,1
 i really like the storyline of this game. well thought out,1
 i like that in the game it s voice,1
 best game ever!! i wish they made more games like this!,1
 my favorite of all time  smooth as hell,1
 i really love this game. it's a hidden gem  i recommend it !,1
 its so cool in episode 1 i reccomend everyone to play it,1
 why the game needs permission to manage phone calls? shady....,0
 i liked your game from manny times you were not developing any games,1
 i love this game i can't stop playing it roccomend you download this game,1
 the best tap and play game i found on playstore,1
 awesome game! thats all i could say.,1
 omg!  this game is awsome. seriously- i aint a bot- heres a emoji to proove it? ok- there we go  thats all i have too say.,1
 phenomenal experience! great work  folks,1
 amazing storyline. just epic.,1
 no reason for a game to make phone calls with my phone.,0
 nice job with the character,1
 why does this game want to make and manage phone calls?,0
 nice app  so incredible mystery,1
 awesome game play must you will love it,1
 this game is so well made  worth the money,1
 nice story  enjoy playing.,1
 i completed all levels very nice game,1
 absolutely amazinggg please you have to make more like these,1
 worth it paying for the full game,1
 might be the best game i have ever played loved everything about this game,1
 i already play this app in morning,1
 u need to buy the game,1
 great game in my prospective,1
 please make another one of these awesome games,1
 nice game and music awesome,1
 this game is so much fun and has a great story,1
 i like the story of this game u know what i love it,1
 you have to pay to fully play the game,0
 the game is very good,1
 lots of cookie crushing fun,1
 controls are horrible,0
 love this game!,1
 best arcade ever played,1
 i dowload tihis game but its not work,0
 have many bugs.,0
 am in love with this game,1
 i can only say "love this game",1
 very fast paced,1
 one word cause i'm faded rn "addictive",1
 very good timepass.,1
 i love this app the app is the best,1
 this game is so dope,1
 great game. i'm impressed!,1
 really nice game,1
 i love this game!!!,1
 nice and awesome,1
 this is a super game,1
 best action game.,1
 really great game......,1
 awsome game i ever played.,1
 that game was awesome,1
 impressive game! wow,1
 what a fabulous game,1
 exceptionally iteresting game,1
 new experience for gaming,1
 the game is very good thank you,1
 explosive & awesome,1
 superb action packed game.,1
 loved it...stressfree ..so addictive,1
 this is so cool thanks,1
 a lots of fun,1
 this game is great,1
 this game is one of the best games,1
 i love this game,1
 awesome action game,1
 this is so cool game,1
 one of the best games ever,1
 it's soo funny ,1
 man its a addictive game,1
 a lot of fun!!,1
 this game is awsome!,1
 i love this game,1
 amazing i love the game,1
 just buckets of fun!!!,1
 osssm game action & adventure i lik it,1
 this game is great,1
 best game ever played...,1
 exceptionally fun for me,1
 not worthy of 1 million + downloads,2
 great addictive game,1
 good game got the the mod,1
 i like everything about this game,1
 damn this is a good game,1
 this game is amazing,1
 this game is outstanding,1
 the game is very bad,2
 absolutely great game!,1
 this game is so fun,1
 loved it awesome game,1
 very cool this game,1
 awesome game it's time killing,1
 attractive and fun,1
 very nice app.,1
 in love with this game,1
 the game is awesome,1
 it is a veri nice game,1
 last update ruined the game,2
 awesome action games...,1
 best game of 2021,1
 it's a bad game . its soo bad.,0
 so much fun to play!,1
 best game on android,1
 it is very interesting you guy have to tries it,1
 awesome nd cool game.,1
 im so enjoyed while i play this game,1
 this game is relly good,1
 most addictive game ever i used,1
 one of the best games i ever played,1
 it's cool and fun,1
 awesome game forever,1
 very well made game,1
 best game for phones,1
 nice offline game,1
 it's a very fun game,1
 super awesome fun,1
 something very different!,1
 nice and it gives me feel like a hero,1
 this game is damn fun,1
 best casual game ever,1
 addictive..super action game,1
 love the crunches!,1
 fun play .. great music,1
 good game i like it very much,1
 enjoy this game to the fullest!!!,1
 i love this game it's the best game ever,1
 best game i ever played you guys nailed it,1
 really cool gameplay,1
 wow this game is amazing,1
 best game of all time,1
 my experience with this game is the best,1
 really fun game,1
 very nice casual game,1
 this game has lot of potential,1
 it's a really fun game,1
 i love this developers games,1
 it's a great game i love it,1
 fun and exciting game,1
 best game on android,1
 new and appealing concept,1
 i love the play through,2
 exceptionally well planned,1
 simply superb game,1
 this game is so very good,1
 full of fun.,1
 really fun game,1
 so hard to control the character,0
 i enjoy the game a lot,1
 its very funny and easy,1
 this game is better then any game wow,1
 best offline game,1
 the best offline game,1
 wow this game is fun!!!,1
 i simply love this game...,1
 i love this amazing game,1
 nice game i love this game,1
 honestly a fun game,1
 i can't stop playing,1
 it good to enjoy time,1
 this app is really amazing.,1
 the game is good for tp,1
 ultra awesome game extremely cool,1
 graphics are lit af,1
 love the game!!!!!,1
 very good action game .,1
 nice game i play it.,1
 awesome game... i love it,1
 this is such an addictive game,1
 love this game so much!,1
 one of the best amazing action games forever,1
 this is the most fun game ever,1
 it's soooo funny and addicting!!,1
 its amazing. best game ever,1
 this game is really amazing,1
 best game on play store,1
 i love this game very much.,1
 helped a lot in quarantine,1
 i wish it was normal controls,0
 nice and hard game,1
 this is a really fun game,1
 simple yet phenomenal!,1
 superb i love the theme,1
 this game is amazing. it's very good,1
 looking best for further future,1
 this game is so addicting,1
 what a blast! well done devs!,1
 nice game going well so far,1
 damn  this game suprise me on who good it is,1
 very very nice and good,1
 good game for casual playing,1
 so much fun...recommended.,1
 best time pass game,1
 this game really cheer me up..,1
 the word 'amazing' is made from this game,1
 amazing! love this game!,1
 just awesome thanks a lot,1
 amazing game  worth it,1
 best game ever i hope will contiune forever,1
 mind-blowing control 10/10 graphics 10/10 gameplay 10/10 cut scene 10/10,1
 enjoy this game love it.,1
 fun experience and worth the try,1
 best game ever played very awesome,1
 this game gives me extreme fun!!!,1
 this game is really i love it,1
 the gameplay is so cool,1
 best game played in years,1
 such a watless and wastelesa game ever i have seen,0
 rip off to drag n boom you should be ashamed,0
 extremely good and fun game,1
 very fun time waster,1
 this game is just perfect n nothing,1
 i can't even install the game anymore,0
 stolen sounds from a recent mouse tower defense game called ratropolis.,0
 the control is so terrible,0
 i love this game this game a really good game,1
 this game is so funny,1
very nice game   soo f**** good !,1
 fantastic background soundtracks.....,1
 definitely one of the best games i've played for a while now,1
 i freaking love this app its awesome,1
 i actually enjoyed it. fun game,1
 i love this game perfect game!,1
 lol this is game so fckng awesome. cool..!!!!,1
 very good exciting game ver well done,1
 this is good  big thumps up,1
 this game is awsome!! it really kills my boredom!! it gives positive vibes when i kill all that mf coockie monsters!!,1
 really fun and cute,1
 uhuuuu..!! the game today's generation r hunting best one,1
 please make a second game this game amazing,1
 it's the best quarantine game,1
 such an amazing game 10 outta 10,1
 this game is the best i've seen in a long time!,1
 this game isn't functioning at all .to the creator of this game please do something about this .,0
 this game super cool,1
 beautiful game fun to play,1
 best action game i ever played!! loved it,1
 never played a game like this....i love it,1
 one of the best games i have played on android,1
 the bosses are so epic love this game proff i love dis game,1
 very addictive game n i love it,1
 this game is one of my favourite to play it is,1
 addictive and tonnes of fun!!!,1
 music is exceptional,1
 this is a complete satisfactory game no complains,1
 enjoying this game more than i expected  it's pretty good.,1
 super fun and i love grinding this games,1
 super cool and original game.,1
 fun game! i enjoyed this game,1
 super game..cool to play..i like it,1
 very good game amazing and lovining it!,1
 controls are weird,0
 excellent and addictive,1
 the game is really fun,1
 awesome and funny game,1
 it always made me restart when i logged of,0
 greatest game on the app store,1
 one of the greatest gaming apps,1
 this is a fun game. and the music...,1
 rebel twins games are good always,1
 this game is very good and story. i liked,1
 one of the best games of 2020!,1
 nice game man u should totally download it,1
 this game is so good that even my brother got it,1
 there are some bugs and glitches,0
 these adds are absolutely horrible.,0
 best game and offline,1
 it's got my attn. (that's hard to do these days),1
 its great game its very good for entertainment,1
 the best offline game there is,1
 good game with fresh gameplay,1
 extraordinary good job,1
 it's a pleasure to play such an adventurous game,1
 good timepass offline game,1
 this game is full of action and amazeness,1
 fun filled and awesome,1
 very nice game i rlly recommend playing it,1
 if you want a game full of action downlaud this game,1
 all games of this company is perfect! 100% must try.,1
 best of all the time,1
 im surprised the game is free!!,1
 this game great. everything about this game is great,1
 good grapics and themes,1
 i rarely right reviews but this game is tight i recamend this game to everyone,1
  one of the most badass games,1
 this is the best mobile game i've ever played!,1
 no words just love this game,1
 exceptional game... i dont want it to end,1
 cool crazy game  love it,1
 i have a new favorite right here. kudos!,1
 i r e a l l y like this game and i advise you to play this =),1
 loving this game so addictive,1
 very well done game and enjoyable,1
 amazing fun to play..,1
 this game is just wow can't believe it's indie,1
 it's a game for casual time pass,1
 it is fun to play you should try it,1
 the best and most original game i have 3ver played,1
 cute. helped me through the boredom of social distancing,1
 it's a great game to kill time,1
 woah! wasn't expecting this game to be this fun,1
 i luv this game so much i can't believe u guys made this.this game is out of this world,1
 funny game butt verry nice i love this game please play on this game its verry nice,1
 good game of action and adventure,1
 i like it this game! so enjoyed to play,1
 outstanding would definitely recommend this game,1
 wooho what a fun we got what we exactly needed,1
  must play game. really fun,1
 one of the best games i've played on my phone top 3,1
 very cool game and enjoyable!,1
 awesome game great game mechanics all and all a great game,1
 best indian game i ever played its far better than faug,1
 it's so great game in world. i love it,1
 wow love this game..!!! its fun..,1
 everything was fine about this game. congratulation.,1
 this game is so funny . i feel i'm in matrix,1
 its fun and addicted,1
 i'll tell this game is only pretty good,1
 it's a really fun game,1
 it is a nice game indeed,1
 very addictive best game,1
 this game is so fun you must download it,1
 the archer things too op  pls nerf,0
 this is how u make an awesome mobile game ppl,1
 it's so good and i love it,1
 good game well played,1
 cool and fun game!!! gave me a vibe of my friend pedro!!,1
 loved the game. it's fun!,1
 i just want to say that this game was amazing game ever.,1
 one thing i am gona say its the best game from one of my list,1
 best best best i love this game i always want superhero slomo game,1
 very addicted must play,1
 this game is awesome i think they should make 2,1
 nice game  enjoyed it fully,1
 i stoped playing this lame game at the first level.,0
 this is a marvalous game  great action . i love it,1
 good game. i just installed it and i am enjoying the game.,1
 nice game guys make a 2nd one for this game,1
 agreeable this is an epic game if your fingers r fine,1
 it actually is a good game for cell phones!,1
 great gaming experience.,1
 it is so amazing and beutifull game tahnk for making this game,1
 one of the best games i have ever played. you should try this,1
 i think they can beat pubg in all ways,1
 i justed watched the trailer and i already know am goint to like it if i dont i'll be back here exaggerating hoe bad it is,0
 best game to play. simply awesome,1
 impressive gameplay features and all,1
 very hard and very amazing game,1
 me and my gf love it we can't stop playing,1
 this is game is one of the best i've played on my game list,1
 fantastic game i have ever seen in my life,1
 truly loved this game. worth the download,1
 great work developers waiting for more updates,1
  the engine supports such wide variety of satisfying  creative puzzles. great music. high quality deisgn & development all around  with no ads! congrats to martin on this gem =),1
 really enjoy the game fantastic brain teaser. but have goone as far as i can . cant figure the water ones out. love it! best graphics ive ever seen in a game truly enjoyed playing,1
 it's a wonderful puzzle game ive seen ever!as puzzle gamer it's too much intellectual game to me.i've seen no problem in the game but purchase pack may be some high rate.and it should full control of viewing.,1
 this is the best puzzle game . i loved it . it is somewhat different and unique from other games . i have faced some difficulties and problems while making your own card overall it is the best,1
 small standalone puzzles  no time limit for solving the puzzles  good game controls  i found it both challenging and not repetitive in nature,1
 this game is just absolutely cool! i mean  good graphic  great music  simple gameplay (but brain-teasing). awesome  absolutely awesome!,1
 i like this game a lot but in some levels you can't move character to the spot the want it to also most of the the levels are hard and confusing to figure out please fix this,0
 simple. relaxing. well designed. i especially love the way the background music syncs to your touch inputs.,1
 its a very satisfying and challenging puzzle type of game  and it also runs very smooth  im hoping for more levels and features in the future ,1
 i got stressed out how to complete the puzzle but that's what it got to be more thriller  also i really love the background music  it relaxes my ear.,1
 very cute and fun! some of the puzzles are quite challenging  but they are fun to figure out. i love the cute little robot! i would definitely get more of these types of games.,1
 challenges short but very well constructed. graphics simple but captivating. great game. second time that i played something from this dev. will follow his next works.,1
 fun little game. smooth gameplay and nice graphics. ads aren't interruptive. the game is free but you can pay as much as you want.,1
 for less than 5mb you're getting a decent game. puzzles will keep you going and the game loads fast and is very smooth. this was my second time downlpading this because i finished it the first time.,1
 good time pass  i still think it needs more improvements  like it takes a lot of time to move  which is a little annoying after sometime.,0
 the artwork is enticing with a chearful aftertaste  and the design layout is creatively alluring. i look forward to playing and am super happy to have discovered this gem. thank you!,1
 i love this game a lot! the robot is so cute to walk around and it makes me went jeehhdusisooaodbxnxmxbbanaj. the ads not really bother me that much than the other game which is cool. the puzzles are a bit tricky and entertaining  keep it up a good work developers! ,1
 well playing it is fun and more fun is creating your own level. it would be more fun if that created levels we could share to our firends and challenge them. also time specific level should also be added thanks a lot to the developer and team,1
 beautiful graphics. charming little droid. it's a great game to forget about your troubles for a time with a little challenge on the side.,1
 this game is so cute and pleasant! and some of the hard levels make your brain work like crazy  and thats what i like in puzzle games. thank you for making such a nice one,1
 really challenging and amaxing way to pass the time but not waste it. really top notch puzzle game. thanks for making it.,1
 this is the best game. it is challenging and entertaining at the same time. this game is a full pack with calming music  tough levels & has dunking the ball level too. this is a very genuine game i shall recommend it to everyone i know.,1
 this is the most beautifully implemented game of its genre that i have seen in many years. quite delightful to play!,1
 the robot and its movements are adorably cute! the person who designed the background music and made it play according to the users' clicks is a genius.,1
 easy gameplay. cool graphics. overall awesome puzzle game and the interface is awesome. the best is thing is there is no ads.,1
 gameplay is simple  but the puzzle solving is satisfying if a tad repetitive. amazing graphics  simple controls.,1
 this is just awesome. no ads only fun. neat and clean. this game is the benchmark where every other game needs to reach. no personal data asked for. no sign in required. just play. and yes efforts taken should be appreciated.,1
 its a good game for time pass and it increases our memory power to think in different ways to win the game .not only for game it is use full for our lifes too.it helps us to learn how overcome our problems by ourselfs with the help of blocks(friends ) and to finally win the game thankyou for making this game mekorama i heartfully thank every one who did hard work for making this game success note,1
 one of the best relaxing and mind intutive apps i've ever seen ...cool graphics...no frustrating timers...no advertisment...and the best of all the developer lets you to decide how much money you want to pay/donate,1
 amazing ! the game is so fun to play  it is challenging and at the same time not frustrating! i love the graphics as well!!,1
 really love this game  one issue,1
 i love the game.. i usually give up playing these kinda games. but mekorama is just difficult to give up on.. i mean.. i just don't feel like giving up till i solve it.. n it also helps in our thinking skills.. n all.. overall i loved the game..,1
 it's a real nice 'idea' behind this game and graphics are so nice. it's a kind of game which keep you bound with it. and finally the work of developers is admirable.,1
 this is really a good game! i finished all of the 50 levels and i'm proud. th levels was hard  but finally i could solve this.. if you love challenging yourself.. you should try this game. it's addictive and frustating.. wkwk.,1
 the graphic and artstyle of the game is classical and nice . fun and creative gameplay. best game for those who like puzzle type games . great time killer.,1
 very nice cool interesting and of course very much difficult... the starting levels are very easy but as levels increase the difficulty of the game also increases very nice brain game,1
 i like the fact that you can design your own levels and scan the one's others have made it means you can never truly finish the game.,1
 so cute! being able to rotate the camera more to see different angles might help a little but its definitely worth playing! its nice that its free  too.,1
 this game is totally amazing . i love this game . i completed all the levels and now i am playing community level . they are most amazing . but add more levels and elements . and you can continue the levels in other planets,1
 i like it. martin magni  your game is one of the top 10 physical games and i have a letter for you. "dear martin magni  mekorama is a good game  i know that a little bot needs to go back to the planet he's traveling  and i can help finish the game... but i couldn't pass the following levels,1
 excellent! i don't normally do reviews but this game is awesome. the puzzles get you thinking and for the space it takes up in your drive it is excellent. and it is free!,1
 it's cute. idk why i love it   it doesn't eating so much storage in my phone   and the gameplay is entertaining   just like i'm bored or waiting someone   i have this game to be played while waiting . the puzzle and the cute robot it's what i like from his game  thanks for making this game developer,1
 game is a great time killer and really appreciate the logic in every level. the higher the level the hardest it is to finish.,1
 best game in a long time!! i flipping love this game! challenging  quirky & addictive there's 1 level i can't finish due to my tiny phone screen. but otherwise a phenomenal game.,1
 it is good game but when player enters in room or something like that the outer structure should become transparent so that we can see inside structure plus there should be more camera rotations and brief description written with name of levels,0
 giving this one star since i literally can't rate it. why? damn thing won't even open. i click it both from the app store and my home page  it just opens to the developer name  then stops. when i go to running apps it doesn't even say it's running. might help to make your game uhm  actually open long enough for game play?,0
 the design and animations are amazing. the developer is very skilled. buuuut  there is no challenge at all.,1
 the game is absolutely addictive once you get a feel for it. the controlls are simple and smooth with a simple objective in the game.,1
 delightful game which is beautifully made and a nice balance between challenging but relaxing. great design and ad free  easily worth paying for!,1
 i absolutely love this game. great visual and gameplay also love the ui. i almost never get bored playing this game. i really appreciate the developer for making this game. surely would try to support them. highly recommended.,1
 amazing game the graphics   the music and the mechanics the only thing that needs improving is the fact that the bot doesn't return inside of the maze when it accidentally flies away from it,1
 this game is very enjoyable even though it's not very challenging. it's similar to monument valley  so if you enjoyed that game  you will like this as well. i appreciate the relaxing nature of this game. it functions well and you can tell that the devs put forth a lot of love creating this. very nice job!,1
 this is the best puzzle game ever. i will never delete this game. i recommend all humans old / young to download this game. i write this review because i can't pay  sorry martin magni.,1
 this game is kinda wasted potential. this could be as popular as gd if he keep updating it and if he were really serious with it. this game still fun  but its just your clasic 2016 mekorama  really nothing new this game editor really simple and doesn' t require you to have at least 80 in logic  it just you  your hamd and creativity. that it if magni is releasing mekorama 2 im sure everyone will exited about it,1
 this was the best game app i have ever played. this is really a challanging app. it forces you to think in a logical manner. its graphics are really brilliant at very less mb. i recommend everybody who likes to play some brainstorming games to download this app.,1
 so simple yet difficult (several times) to reach the spot. and the buildings are beautiful. nice game to take a break and pass the time.,1
 a fun game that has you solving puzzles  the robot is cute  some are quite challenging and frustrating but you keep on coming back for more,1
 it's very nice game. this game needs so much brain sometimes to solve a puzzle that i start getting feeling that this game is challenging me and saying "solve this if you have enough nerves",1
 brilliant game  fun  smooth  well designed and executed. plus no annoyances or grinding. needs to be more games like this.,1
 lovely game! levels are just challenging enough to be fun without being frustrating. i'd love to support the creators financially  but money is a little tight right now. ,1
 perfect game... makes you think a lot and doesn't really give you a free pass. you have to pay for hints and which i think is smart.,1
 the game mekorama let me tell you guys that i don't know where to start. simple to put this is that it's challenging and needs more levels. i would love to see more games out there like this one,1
 i love this game. the style is so cute and the puzzles are so interesting and the little stumble that the robots do when you move something too fast makes me feel bad.,1
 i don't have the money to give you but this is a super game. that the player can create the game. awesome experience. small app but really intresting game i recommended to all of my friends,1
 a must play. edit,1
 wow! this one is an awesome puzzle with the best mini 3d lego look alike. love to play it. keep up the good works  dev. ,1
 the puzzle are good but some of is not especially when clicking inside a building. you cant move inside. and also the camera angles should be free  not fixed.,0
 it is a very nice games and it's main character is also so cute and the thing that gave it five stars is that is has a feature to build your own level and it is only of 9 mb .wow so much fun only for 9 mb. the game is much better than any 30 to 40 mb games so i really really recommend you but i should give my opinion to the company that you should have given an gmail log in so that our progress remains to ourself if the games is deleted by chance that happened to me . thanks for this cool game.,1
 this game makes me comfortable... it makes my stress gone and satisfying motions and smoothness... and less mb and no ads supports.. i love it for real.. even it makes me confuse but still i learned alot of strategies...,1
 kudos to the developer for such a game...which is simple to understand but complex to solve at the same time. demands out of the box thinking and creativity to solve levels. what a gameplay. (p.s. pls add new levels soon. ),1
 excellent. game  design  music and execution. simple but intriguing. ads are not annoying at all.,1
 i actually like this game  since it's had a good graphics  but i don't like the view  it's not flexible  i hope he fixed it on next update..,0
 what a wonderful graphics. absolutely challenging  fun  addictive and friendly game. and big thanks there's no ads in this. thanks for making this  martin.,1
 love it  awesome puzzles (kind of 3d) some easy some hard. you can build your own puzzles and play other people puzzles (big bonus in my opinion  people make great puzzles). very recommend!!,1
 this is a wonderful little game. simple puzzles with some lovable little robots. highly recommend and even paid for it on my wife's account. worth every penny!,1
 worst controls in this or any other world's games dammed controls are so frustrating. i have been level 28 trying for more than half a year....... please fix this issue ...,0
 i like this game. this game is really excellent. it is quite simple with mind-blowing graphics. after level 27 it become quite hard.,1
 i love this game so much!! this game is so challenging and fun! i haven't found any bugs so far  the ads aren't annoying and the design is so cute! the developers of this game deserve five stars,1
 i love it  the graphics and all but one thing i wanted an update that has wide world so i can place block more and then make a new items too like doors chairs ect thats all like if you want this update,0
 the game is simple and yet has powerful graphics which doesn't seem like it. it would be great if you can show the number of stars in the game on the screen above hint icon. i have to pause the game and check for the number of stars there.,0
 i love this game! it's just great like hopeinggo always says it's great because it's great. anyway i give it 5/5 it's a really fun game you can make your own level it's just great i even made a captain toad level,1
 totally dumb game. no tutorial  no video of how it's gonna work. just a block and have to go throw it with no jump animation either. either keep watching ads to get same hint again and again or pay money to get subscription,0
 seconds into the game it's already stopped working. every time i swipe to move the platform  the whole diorama moves instead. there's no way to differentiate commands.,0
 this game was 4mb as far as i remember with same excellent graphic back then when i used to play 6 years back. 10mb yet with all the updates these years is impressive. reinstalled it  got fine memories with it.,1
 relaxing  peaceful and i get to take my time?? followed by really great graphics and simple controls? and i get to feel smarter? you've had my curiosity  but you now have my attention. bravo  devs!,1
 a nice  chill game that requires a bit of logical flexing and some sharp eyes. it's fun still to revisit levels you're done with. thanks  martin!,1
 i have been playing this for a long time and this is one of the best puzzle games i've ever played and even better because you can build your own levels!! anyways happy new year!!!,1
 games that need your brain work more. good games  but sometimes its hard for move when the character inside the building,0
 i really love the game. very addictive  cute and funny. no ads  only fun. i greatly recommend if you like puzzle games.,1
 an absolutely adorable little bot. i don't normally review apps but this is so different than anything else i've played  very well made and worth sitting down in your free time to play,1
 it's a good game but i found a really funny glitch in level 8. you have to tell the robot to go to a circle and when he's almost touching it lift it up very fast doing this will push the robot out of the map but good game,0
 very unique game and new concept. every level is kind of new challenge. i had to uninstall this game because my kid was addicted to this.,1
 its awsome because you can build some things and you can tap the master button if you want to play hard level's this was an amazing game keep it up,1
 a fantastic game that makes my brain think..... each level is different in its own way........love the game.... hope to get additional levels........,1
 really good game puzzling mind i have made many level . can you please tell me how to register my level .? give new author chance to register whose ever level is best you think. also give reward to new author. hopes  you will think on it at last really interesting game,1
 amazing puzzles. gets difficult progressively. love the music in background it's so relaxing as well so,1
 great  smart game. not much ads. gear  funny characters. nice gameplay and interesting and sometimes funny levels,1
 best lite weight game with amazing graphics and realy mindboggling puzzles. it must be topping the charts..,1
 i cannot upload my levels due to qr code decompression. i don't know why but if i compare my level's qr code to other levels  my level's code is tightly packed into a medium-size square  unlike the other level's code which literally fills up the entire qr code box. please fix this issue.,0
 good game  too time consuming  after a quick teabreak game. suits kids  not for me. takes too long to load! not for me. refund my expensive uk data at 80mb for 2 plays now! time wasting. deleted asap! cute graphics! 2/1/22. uk review,0
 wow this game is of only 10 mb then alo so many great physics and graphics it is having and very smooth add free and bug free game i loved ur work but  you should add multiplayer to it so it could be great thing pllzzzzzzzzzzz.........,1
 very creative gameplay experience. well thought out. not a cheap money grab like so many other games.,1
 phenomenal game! very addicting and challenging. minimal ads. you must download this.,1
 awesome little game to get your brain thinking. great graphics. easy to control.,1
 great  fun puzzle game. the levels are well thought and challenging.,1
 really good and relaxing game. good graphics  cute characters and challenging. gives the option for u to pay any amount you want,1
 plays great and looks great. cunning  ingenious puzzles. the occasional ads aren't intrusive or annoying at all.,1
 the best ever game. music is relaxing. game is smooth interesting and you need out of box thinking abilities. i just loved it.,1
 best puzzle game i've ever played. the game has good 3d graphic and very challenging  that's how a puzzle is supposed to be. nice,1
 interesting game but robots are difficult to control through a maze. i stopped playing when the fun stopped. couldn't finish nor want to try again.,0
 this game is really mind boggling. it's very simple yet brilliantly designed to include it's complexity within the simplicity. mr. melodrama  the cute little robot's movements are extremely natural and childish. i sometimes felt sad for abusing him to finish the game. anyway this game makes you think deeply. it evokes the thinker in you.,1
 this game is both cute and challenging! it also allows you to skip a level if you get stuck. very well-designed game!,1
 what a cute and beautiful game. it is amazing and addictive. need i say more. very simple though could get tricky once a while. a game worth wasting your time on,1
 yay  25 new levels. and the irrtating static view has changed so i can navigate 360. thanks martin for this amazing game. the music is the best part ,1
 very challenging puzzle levels. even more challenging 3d puzzle builder mode. and sharing created levels with other users! well done.,1
 awesome game! such a cute character. early levels are quite easy but the game gradually gets both more challenging and more addictive!,1
 what a wonderful outstanding game!! it's so sure that this will mess with everybody's brain. i'm sure that you have made an extraordinary effort to develop this. truly amazing. i give my extraordinary congrats to you. keep it up. looking forward to mekorama 2....,1
 absolutely brilliant! not boring. no bothersome ads. martin you did great! keep it up. very entertaining. no puzzle unbeatable  but not easy either,1
 i like this game  it's relaxing  not time consuming. i can play it while rest my feet  and the music...aahh it's simple but give me back my good mood,1
 a great way to pass time   it's has nice graphics and awesome gameplay. i suggest buying premium to get a hint when it's too hard.,1
 this game is great! it's a fun little puzzler with excellent sound design. it's worth trying out to listen to the music alone.,1
 as the level of this game increses  difficulty level as well as curiosity increses. interesting logical game. one more thing about this game is that if you want a hint to solve any level you will have to pay 30inr  50inr  100inr & so on. if you are not able to pay then  no problem you won't proceed if you like the game you can write a review  wow ! what an idea sir ji ! i suggest this game.,1
 simply the best mobile game ever. no exaggeration. challenges one to think creatively. and shout out to the creative efforts that went into the app's design motif  consistent fluid feel and just the entire experience. hands down martin magnificent is a g  see what 25years of mastering your craft brings forth. ,1
 the game is quite interesting as well as engrossing. the levels are well designed and provide with challenges to overcome. loved it!,1
 this is an awesome game. it is challenging but not impossible and the graphics are enchanting and readable. l highly recommend this game.,1
 i love the way this game challenges my brain to solve it but one issue is that it's impossible to scan the tiny qr codes when i make my own levelsso i can send them to my friend for testing othe than that its amazing,0
 best game to pass time. they even gave built in simulator. it's awseome . i loved this game  suggestion,1
 it's an awesome game! my kids love solving each puzzle and driving meko to the red dot. it's such a lovely character!,1
 fun  difficult but doable  pleasing 3d graphics. cleverly thought out  small game to download  good have to go in and out of when there's time,1
 one of the best brain teasers  the background music changes with patter of your click. thanks to the developer.. for not adding ads to it.,1
 maze solving with verticality. a very entertaining and engaging game with apt sounds. a very good blend of the concepts. this is the game that i usually recommend to my friends. kudos to the developer.,1
 martin. you've done a great job with this game. the fact that you let us play it for free and then left it to us to determine it's value is incredible. i have never seen any developer do this and it's nothing short of brilliant. you obviously worked hard on this game and judging from the love it's gotten it paid off! congratulations! looking forward to your future projects.,1
 the game isn't puzzling  it's fustrating. why would u make the character move involuntarily towards tazers and bots. it's borderline annoying. also stop asking for money so frequently. did u want the game to be free for everyone to play or did u think it wasn't worth paying for? just label a price on the app store or add a place to donate for it.,0
 really having fun with this. great art style. fun  challenging puzzles. but lowkey and casual. i love it!,1
 loved this game alot  completed a couple of times but still never got bored. eagerly waiting for next version...yeah i know we can download different levels from browser but still just waiting for more. do try this game guys you'll love it for sure.,1
 the game's amazing....i have tried many games over time...and its one of the very good games' category that i would put this game in. it's not very addictive so won't kill ur precious time and it's fun...so overall....good games for everyone looking for a rest time game,1
 i love it. its tricks the mind  but the music and beautiful simple graphic dilutes the pressure and make it such a soothing and refreshing game.,1
 this game was good  it also has options for designing your own level  but you have to purchase the hints. that's the only drawback. overall a very cute game.,1
 i could have given 5 star but some issues is found by me. we can't upload our levels in forums. after completing 3 levels it will show black screen and we again have to play that same level. these are only my issues please say me that how to upload our levels in forums. thank you!,0
 this game us really nice... has a good graphics very simple concept i love the levels... it is easy at first and becomes tough at last... we can even create our own levels... it is a very simple but an intresting... funny... good timepase game... try this game it is really a cool game...,1
 very nice  free and engaging puzzle game after a very long time. 50 levels only but very worth it. knocked it off in 1 day.... worth it,1
 the robot is too  dang cute! wish i can hug it! the puzzles are challenging  but fun! and the sick update! nice one!,1
 this game is 5*****. it keep me going and going. the programmer has done a fantastic job in creating the many many different fun and challenging level. well done.,1
 i wonder if the developers have thought about trying this game in with lego... the game could be adapted and models actually built as sets... obviously the automation wouldn't be there but the possibilities would be endless just as with the game,1
 very interesting...and tricky game... it's for all ages... the graphics is really so good...has to apply your brain...and it can help to develop the geometrical view,1
 too many ads  but fun idea. it asks that you allow ads "sometimes" but it's an ad after every level.,0
 i find the game challenging. though at times frustrating  as it is unclear how to move certain pieces. but so far it has been intriguing.,1
 i think it's an amazing game for it's like 6 mbs of data  the puzzles  the physics  the graphics are all awesome  definitely keeping this hidden gem on my new phone!,1
 the game has a lot to do with our brain. it provides us puzzle-like experience. for 10mb  this is the best game that i would recommend.,1
 little bit hard  the grapichs is good  me n my sis play this at hospital  n she's fun with this  but when we reach high level that w so harddd.... i cant understnd  but its worth it  i like it!,1
 really interesting app with brain chllenging levels. if someone likes puzzles they should definately try this game once. the graphics are really great.,1
 it might be relaxing for many people because a soft back ground music makes the game enjoyable but for me that experience lasted for some time only i got bored of the game quickly . still it was nice.,0
 an utterly ridiculously awesome game. it's creative  intuitive and above all appealing to the eyes and ears. thank you for making this game.,1
 good game i like it. you can build your own levels. i have a trick that you can make two rooms and say choose a room. one room will have zappers and other will have finish point. and trick your friends now!!!!,1
 the game is really interesting and fun. it makes us think a lot to solve those puzzles. i really preffer this game if u like to solve puzzles.,1
 i love this game. its so challenging and addictive. u can't find a better game than this that is this size. thr developer really put his effort into this. it's amazing. i showed my siblings and they are addicted to it. thumbs up,1
 good game. i love it  the tiny robot is so cute  even my son and brother download it too! finally  after stuck for 3 days  i figured out to beat level 19! you're genius  martin! finished all the cards. the best game ever!,1
 great graphics and animation. puzzles are challenging and not repetitive. good background sounds.,1
 it's the best game ever like literally everyone is giving it 4 to 5 stars you should get i am so glad i got it! you have to go to play store and get it!but the only problem is that you can't play the levels you make only the ones the game provides you!,0
 one of the best games ever created. easy controls  smooth working and interesting levels i love this game i finished it but i want to do more please update this best graphics too.,1
 the game has been designed excellently. the game designer has done an excellent job here. the idea of the game is really innovative. the game is thought provoking . and unlike other games it is hardly 5mb. over all an excellent game.,1
 very nice.i really enjoy with the puzzles. i can't make it at first.then i think and think at last i made it. thank you,1
 very nice game could improve more in future by adding more in games like shooting or something more interesting to develop or reach through more audience also name it coming mekarama as 2.0 and so on just my opinion and thank you for creating a awesome app like this.. i be a coder i know how hard work your team put on this ..app..,1
 i found the game back  installed when it was new after so many years i found it again. nostalgia.,1
 this is probably the best mobile /tablet app game i have seen!!! excellent graphics with the cutest loveable character!!! simple to play and totally addictive. if i was employed and could afford it i'd happily support the developer!!!! absolutely marvellous!!!!!,1
 this is totally a game worth playing. i'm also surprised by the developers hardwork put into it  the game is small in size  fun to play  ads are decent and not put on your face  and they constantly improve the game. good job.,1
 this game is awesome you should definitely give it a try.. it tests your brain in such a cute way that you won't be able to figure it out.. also thanks for the developers who did it finely well.. i can't pay you so as you said to write a review.. this is the best game for me.. plus it is a promise that i'm never gonna uninstall this game.. please keep developing such games.. hope this helps you a lot..,1
 the game is okay but why is it that some features are not working. an example is the vertical lifts how do you bring them down?,0
 its a good brain roasting game . according to me and my known players this game should many of its bugs and unknown tricks should be told . and last but not the least a vertical orbit moving should also be involved in this game.,0
 it would be useful and cool to add gears  sensors  sequenced  multiplayer  suspension  and timer thing.,0
 love this! it is challenging and fun! the ads are brief so not that bad.,1
 great game  the android doesn't follow directions 100%  but good puzzle game and very difficult,1
 i have played this game n number of times and also remember this is more than 6 years old..i was bored so i downloaded this and i was really upset this has got those stars thing with was kinda annoying and the main this ads i have to watch a 7 sec or 5 sec after finishing each i am very disapointed with the ads the stars i had soo mad i litreally deleted the game i had played this from 2015 till 2018 and then today i downloaded and this much change i had to deleted one of my fav game so fast,0
 it's a great game  i like to play this after stressful school time  even the background music is awesome. the best part is that you can even create your own level  amazing right?,1
 these game is so intresting i want more level and martin magni you are really legend i have no words for you your game are inspiring me i used your these app 3yers ago and i complete all levels of these game and leave it but now it was change and you made it perfect all the best for you new games,1
 okay no1,1
 its a great game . i played the game 3 years ago now that i am getting it back i am regretting deleting it. tip,1
 great game and great author. this is the kindest a game developer has ever been  that i don't have to pay for anything and i can just pay what i want for what it's worth. it's just great! all the other developers should be kind like you. thank you for this beautiful game,1
 this was super cool to be honest. i like the game and so unique and easy app. i enjoy alot . thank you so much admin! i was looking for a game and this game was fun,1
 it is a really great game but sometimes there are glitches in the game while editing . i can't pay for it (cuz i'm 11 years old )but it is my dream game i love it,1
 the game is made very well but it has one drawback that is the screen also moves while using the lift.,0
 i love how challenging it is and you can even make your own games  cause i have already made like three.,1
 best game ever .... i love this game very much... the walk of that robot is very funny when the level increases the game is very difficult to play,1
 interesting game. the builder is a plus. you can build your own levels. seems like this dev might have a good head on his shoulders,1
 playing for the second time after 6 years  nothing much has changed which is fine by me because it's a perfectly balanced game.,1
 best game. no bug . i love this game because we also build our levels and levels of this game are best . i suggest you to download this game .,1
 clever and challenging game of logic with help when you need it. just about perfect,1
 it is so muck exciting game. i think that i should give it 5 stars but aftee playing i consider that it's camera angle is not effective it should be changed like 3d angle avoiding only rotating it. we can't play with this camera angle change it.,0
 the reason why i gave it 1 star is that in this game all levels should have a boundary best when i played one master level that is pinball always the ball goes outside the boundary which is very irritating,0
 very nice game with unique features like ,1
 simple concept  cute character  challenging mazes. not complicated  not boring. thank you for making this game.,1
 touch interface is ridiculous. must have pressed twenty times on a target  and no response.,0
 really amazing game and one of the best 3d puzzle games in the store  also the art style is really great and the option to create your own levels is great.,1
 i enjoying this game and i can create a level too  ads that pop pup every where that not bother me. i love this game so much,1
 a very good game it is fun and have challenging levels in this game we can create our own level and play it graphics game play and controls are very good and the robot is also very cute and it trains your brain it is a brain game and it is in only 5.4 mb so less space it takes on your mobile in amazing performance who likes puzzle games thus is the best game for them very good keep it up martin magni i am waiting for a new game or update nice kkep it up,1
 it's a great game. stable application no ads no fancy items. clean ui. it's good to play when ur alone and good brain exercise.,1
 i can't put it down the robot is easy to move while still being challenging and the navigation becomes trickier and trickier to get each level there is so much to think through i love it thank you,1
 this game is fun especially when you can create hard levels your self. my one complaint is this wheel level that is impossible to beat for me. but its is still fun.,0
 this is such a great little game! fun  challenging at times. great time filler. the work that must have gone into designing it  credit to them.,1
 very creative idea of gaming and the challenging levels. and the most gamer thing about this game is you can create your own levels and can submit. brilliant... loved it...,1
 its challenging  engaging  addictive and overall just a fun game. its definitely worth a download and basically have 0 complaints about it. it's a fun pass time!,1
 there is 1 problem that i build level and when it is time to play it starts but after sometimes automatically it will cut off the game in between when i playing my own created level . i request you to please resolve this problem fast as you can and get your 5 back .,0
 one of the best puzzle based game. nice design and short levels that's interesting and challenging and fun to play.,1
 great puzzle game to pass the time. very relaxing sound track and fantastic learning curve,1
 do download.... logical game with puzzly levels. i felt confused at beginning but it is the easiest game i ever played as i went forward winning the levels,1
 this is amazing . its a game that train our mind with fun not like other brain training games that only ask questions that are some time too annoying. it very fun and fast game in which you dont have to get into,1
 excellent little puzzle game. cute simple graphics  with puzzles that appear simple but can be very challenging!,1
 really good experience playing the game  feature to add levels and make one are good. and levels later really challenges you.,1
 intricate and lovely sets  feel empathy when characters gets zapped  he has personality! like the puzzle  problem solving part  dexterity challenging for older new to gaming person. wonderful job dev's,1
 the best game i've come across. lots of additional levels can be downloaded and you can create and publish your own levels.,1
 this game is mind-relaxing  with mellow music and sounds. the graphics are picturesque  minimal ads and puzzles are well constructed with cute characters.,1
 i actually don't like the zapper. the should be no size limitation in creating a level. i also don't like the red bot that you have push or help you out in level 19 and the red bot with a zapper head to get away with.,0
 this is one of the few mobile games that are genuinely fun without trying to milk your wallet dry. it's fun and relaxing and has just the right level of difficulty. i love it!,1
 this app was very exciting ang also you can release your stress. and i also recommend this game to children  because this app can make your children's learn a lot . thats why i rate this app 5 stars,1
 it's a good game  some of the levels i got stuck on but i beat those levels. only one level i had to go on youtube for  and that was level 13.,1
 i love this game! seriously  whenever i plays this game  my mind gets relaxed. its too much fun to play the game. and the best moment is when that robot falls from the building or whatever that is. i seriously like this game. the only best offline game available in the google play..,1
 this is a very cute puzzle.. i'm so sad that it's only have 50 levels and if you want to play more you can visit their facebook to click the link where you can download some of levels.,1
 it's an amazing experience playing this  the graphics  the details  the structuring and the puzzles everything is on perfect set with bg music ofcourse,1
 the graphics all are good. but this game is more of a reflex training than an actual brain twisting puzzles game. gets boring after sometime.,0
 the robot keeps falling because of the smallest pushes from the movable parts of the puzzles. gets kinda annoying when you're so close to finish and the little idiot can't even stand by itself.,0
 amazing gmeplay   even runs smoothly in small phones   i love the graphics very much amd the music increases the concentration . so good to play when there is no network available,1
 this game is awesome! even though it is difficult  it is still fun and mind helpingly great to play. something good that this game needs  is no wifi. i absolutely love that. please make more amazing games like this. please.,1
 superb!! this gmae is quiet difficult. but some levels are easy. nice game  nice graphics and nice controls.,1
 what can i say about this game? it's so perfect! i can feel all the love and dedication of the developer. can't find a single defect on it  it's completely perfect! congratulations is the minimum you deserve for this amazing piece of art! thanks a lot!!,1
 the new ui could have been better. the bottom section (story  master cards  build and you )could have been shorter in height,0
 ahh! making something difficult for majority doesn't mean a good game. very poor controls. good thing you can create your own puzzles freely.,0
 get. this. game. already! it is simply the best puzzle game. mind blowing graphics  amazing controls. its great.,1
 it's very interesting and a challenging gaming..... if they provide small instructions will be usefull....... but from my point of view its a wonderful game eargly waiting for part2,1
 this game is very nice. it is really a tricky one. i think only the perfect and intelligent people can win each level in this game. i like this game. mekorama... its an awesome name! well everyone can download this. but only the genius can win!!! i this game!,1
 fantastic puzzle game that is hard enough to keep you thinking but not so impossible that you want to throw your phone out the window. add nice music and a cute robot and you've got a very well made game.,1
 i absolutely love this game  and so does my 5 yr old daughter. it can be very challenging at times  frustrating at others  but always fun to play. if you haven't tried it...you need to. it is a great way to pass the time.,1
 this is good game. there are many different levels . starting levels are not hard but levels is up and levels is also hard.,1
 it's a well made game with simple to difficult levels. from visuals to simple yet effective sound design works quite good. loved it.,1
 super fun game  i can't put it down. it males you think and its really creative. i loke how you can make your own levels and share them with friends. definitely a great game and app.,1
 excelsior... its different  unique  quite perfect indeed... the graphics are unexpectedly good  and the game itself is made excellent!! love it!!,1
 the idea and the whole structure is very cute and simple. sometimes you just can't get the controls properly,0
 it's good   but i see potential for this game cuz i think that it needs more materials more features like actual free camera movement like you could go like in there pov and like go into buildings and like pause while in mid play and much more but overall good game!,1
 awesome game! i really liked the concept and the fact that this is a really good brain teaser. althoigh the controls might be a bit shaky sometimes its a must have game,1
 man!!! it just makes me happy whenever i play it. best concept best visuals best graphics giving it for free is kinda donation you did for the whole world. cause if this game is not paid then i don't know which game should be paid.,1
 loved the whole game but had to delete it because of one issue  i can't even see through the little lanes or hallways whatever you call it to analyse how i'd get out same with the levels with water i can't see down there so how do i know where to go?? it's like playing blindly..... please fix those  i love it and i'd love to download again.....,0
 so l saw this game in another game made by the same person martin magni called fancade this guy is a genius every single bit of his games are simply amazing the soundtrack the controls the game itself it's just so well made and the idea of making these well made games free then maybe if you could and want you can pay some money to get small perks that won't affect the game,1
 beautiful game! the graphics are fun and fluid. challenging  but not impossible ,1
 your game is great and doesn't consume alot of storage space unlike other games.i am really confused of how you made the game so small and yet the graphics are so good.. you need to make more games like this.. its so awesome,1
 i love it! this is what all games should be like. it works off-line too. it is soothing and you can make your own levels! if you like slow peaceful puzzle games then get it!,1
 incrdible i dont know what to mention this game has a lot. light weight app  graphics  new concept  ui is awesome  techniques are unique.,1
 some of the levels are impossible  because my device is not touchscreen so i cannot touch in two places at once  could you please make controlls where you can click and hold to change view instead of useing two fingers  because i cannot click in two places at once.,0
 the best   the cutest and the most challenging puzzle game that i played. thanks for creating this game i am so immobilized by its cute theme   sounds and graphics   it is really addictive game that challenge may creativity .,1
 i love this game  the background music isnt annoying  graphics are so clear  challenging game but the control is a little bit slow and hard sometimes,0
 i love the visuals  everything in this game was just awesome. tho  i hope there would be a lot of levels to explore and solve. thanks.,1
 absolutely love this game. enjoyed it so much i played it twice. the little robot is cute and some levels can be tricky and make you think. highly recommended.,1
 i miss strategy games like this  fantastic graphics  hard but achievable levels  absolutely awesome game. how can i submit one of my designs?,1
 the graphics is excellent. concept is good. bad that even a single hint is not available for free!,1
 this game is amazing. after a long time i found a game which is worth playing. amazing work you did guys making this game. the developer is really generous and kind. levels are not that hard. plus  i really enjoyed playing it.,1
 please give more levels. all levels are easy. there should be more hard levels. nice gameplay. i liked it very much.,1
 absolutely stunning and challenging game  i love everything about it  the graphics  music and the smoothness is spot on  great job dev !,1
 almost fun. the reliance on weird motions makes it unruly to play on a phone touch screen. too much tricky maneuvering not enough puzzle.,0
 i dont like rating apps and writing reviews. but this game is so good i just had to say something. for a free game  it provides longevity by allowing other people to make and share their own puzzles. i love this feature. great game  mr. magni! kudos!,1
 awesome game  simply awsome game in such little mbs. also you can make your own levels thats simply amazing. awesome graphics  smooth gameplay.,1
 really goooood game could get a rating 9.9 out of 10 . and also request for a second part of it as there were very less levels. worth downloading .,1
 the game's good but the further i progressed into the game  the inability to change the perspective so you're looking only at a single side of the cube bothers me more and more,0
 brilliant game for a toddler! relaxing music and sounds  yet fun and logic thinking promoting game. cute and funny robot. this is a game i would happily have payed for for not having any in-app-purchase offers. the author has really thought through the levels he created. thank you!,1
 loved it at the download size it comes. but overall graphics & the game presentation is very well managed . kudos to your team,1
 might look childish for once but tends to get challenging  engaging  addictive while maintaining its simplicity card! must try..,1
 it's a nice and simple game . you can even create your own levels and play them once you've finished the first in-game levels. i liked it very much.,1
 such a fun game  has beautiful graphics and nice sounds. love the levels as they get more difficult the farther you get.,1
 its a really great game!! it gets my brain to work and there are no ads!! as you progress it gets more challenging and more fun.,1
 wow no ads. politely asks for a donation but you don't have too. hope some people do give donations as it is well deserved. great little puzzle game. challenging but fun also. and you can even create your own puzzles. 5 stars all day every day with games like this.,1
 really loved this game. simple  but still challenging ,1
 very good graphics and good sensibility. i really appreciate. if you can customize restart button  it will be great looking game.,0
 awsome game. just 2 suggestions. can you add a bot where you can make a path that he follows. and can you make a settings menu for bots  mtors and zappers? it would spark so many more level ideas.,1
 friends play it  one of the best challenging game in play store.sound concepts  levels of puzzles and everything are magnificent.5stars no doubt its worth,1
 amazing and fun game.... well graphics... little more challenging and it can improve our thinking capacity. there are 50 levels and thousands of fan made levels. so interesting levels. super game. thanks to mr. martin mangi sir to give this amazing game to us.,1
 very nice game with pleasing sound and simple mechanics and great graphics. also very tricky......and playable. don't have any in app purchase   best thing.,1
 defiently one of the best puzzle games i've played. love the design and the physics are pretty good. so i give it around 4 stars looks great!,1
 too much ads.. ads actively interupts gameplay  pauses game to show ads. ads in between levels are fine. but pausing an active level just to show ads is not acceptable.,0
 hey martin  it's a great game for every age group. you can think  make strategy  enjoy and make your own stages. i made some children to play this game who were addicted to shooting/firings/fighting/racing games. it's better than them and doesn't spoil their mental health.,1
 i love this app. it is really very amazing as it makes you feel fun and also exercise your brain. it is the only game which i love the most. good graphics  good control  good features and good game. simple game which anyone can play also this game is very addictive.,1
 5 stars as its deserve best mind game actually it's innovative specially for architect and architect student in this game we don't only have to solve game but we can also make our own level so it's very very helpful; i appreciate the work and the efforts made by developer to make this game,1
 it has many levels but when you get carried away  it's easy to finish the game early adds more interest if more levels are there,0
 gets difficult. it's definitely challenging. frustrating at times but it's a good puzzler.,1
 the best of the best puzzle game i have ever played. great graphics  great controls and that tiny robot is sooooo cute. it make my day. thanks martiny.,1
 this is fantastic game. no such issues when i played this game. this is excellent idea made this type game.this game size is small but graphics is so sweet.it's true mekaroma is relaxing  mindbloing  puzzle solving only less than 5 mb. thanks for making this type of game.,1
 this game is very interesting and hard if u dont know game mechnics.for example,1
 outstanding game. the game is very good qith good graphics  nice puzzles  good apperance of game  etc. we can also creat our own levels and play in it. and that also make it owsome thankyou guys who made this but you should make another mokorama 2 game and really we all are waiting for it to come thankyou again..........,1
 omg! amazing offline with lowest size... you can create your own levels and share it to your friends... you can play custom levels with a screenshot with it's qr code... it's funny and dificult also. try this app you will really like this one. this is an over rated app.,1
 took a little while to get the focus on how the game was played. the best thing is there are little twists and variations in each game. still learning.,1
 this game is just incredible.....so relaxing yet challenging ...a nice workout for brain ... i really liked it.... it's totally worth ... anyone who likes puzzles should try this game.,1
 great game  very peaceful but you can't always see what you're doing which can sometimes get a bit annoying. i'm having fun but also a little trouble on a couple of them. all together it's a pretty good game,0
 it's a amazing game good graphics hard levels i'm giving it a 4 star rating because the hints are almost always hard to understand if you could fix it i might give it a 5 star rating,1
 great puzzles. realy stretches my brain. controls are a little difficult but that may just be my phone. love the little robot dude.,1
 i really loved this game. i have completed all the levels. am waiting for part 2. if mekorama 2 is there  i will download definitely. i reffered to my friends about this game.. they also started playing... its a simple and decent game.,1
 great game. great programming. some are really challenging like levels 19 & 22. characters elicit a smile watching the animations. i love the fact that donations are a simple ask. they deserve the donation for the superior work.,1
 the puzzles are not rocket science  but the game offers some play through value and the graphics are very well put together.,1
 i've been looking for good mobile games on the internet for quite sometime i saw this game on the suggestions everytime but i never bothered downloading it because i thought it would be boring then i downloaded it today and mannn am i loving this game! i really wish i could have payed some bucks for this game. i love it!!!,1
 loved it  great piece of work  hadlots of fun playing it  spent many hours going through the puzzles and when i finally solved it  the feeling is awsome. must try,1
 this sentence is coming from malay. kecil kecil cili api. it means it's a very good game although it was in a small download size. the problem is a roofed building with a blocker bot. i can't move much.,0
 this game is a challenging puzzle try this one its massively cool and interesting game also i was happy that i can create levels without payments. thanks for creating this game.,1
 fantastic game which pushes you to think.. somewhere you need to observe how things work and then strategise! excellent puzzles!,1
 great puzzle game. really well designed. a good place to relax while still challenging your brain a bit.,1
 the game was really good before the stars came in and the levels started being easy as heck  even a two year old kid could solve this  i prefered the game when it was harder  now it's just stright up trash,0
 absoulutely loved this game. very addictive. i completed all the levels. the levels are really challenging. mind blowing game .,1
 this game is a great time killer. the character is cute and the graphics are awesome. some puzzles are hard but not impossible.,1
 i like this game a lot. it has a charming robot and we have to help him by completing each puzzle or level. u all should try fancade. it is also a good game. plzz... download this game and enjoy,1
 nice game. i have problems though. my map cannot have a permanent solution. and i want a tutorial because i don't fully understand the game yet. i hope my problem gets fixed soon.,0
 someone recommended this game for me   and i have been olaying it since then. it's a really good game that makes you think if your next step   the character is so cute and it's ime killing. love it!!.,1
 the game is extremely awesome.some updates are needed for making this the best game i have ever played you guys should allow us to sign in for play games and should allow us to make our self made levels publicize. the conclusion is ; this game is aweso e but updates will make it the best.,1
 this game is amazing! can i kill the red? just kidding. work more in rotations  adjust it. i find it hard because of the rotation. ,0
 beautiful game. great art style. love the music. overall  this artistic indie game is amazing to play and even more fun to finish.,1
 to be honest this game is really bland  the physics are wonky and the levels are super easy  it's practically pay to win since you can't use hints since the game just expects you to know everything about the mechanics of the game  really sloppy  i don't reccomend.,0
 this game is great and used brain very good. every level i feel like i have a new brain challenge. not like most of the games repeat itself.,1
 this is a must have app for all the puzzle and maze lovers  its very essential and my go to app to whenever i want to intellectually stimulate my brain. its an absolute time killer  not forgeting its soothing music and funny robots. well done martin.,1
 i really enjoy the puzzles so far  they are engaging an even though they are fairly simple at the start (i'm by level 15) they're very entertaining.,1
 i really love the game and it is very addicting. the flaw i see is that it is not only intelligence you need  but also motor and sensor abilities. this flaw is my personal view and should not be taken very serious,1
 relaxing puzzle game! i love playing this game. the puzzles are challenging  but very fun. would definitely recommend downloading!,1
 it's coolest game i have ever played man!!!! grophics r cool controls are sooo smooth and awesome levels . this game is soothing and so it's background music. this game make me think in a different way . devloper shoulf be praised.,1
 nice game  ads not too overdone. level 39 master makers (red balls by el797)  i finally sunk all three balls after who knows how many tries  and the dang red bot walked on top of them then got stuck in that spot. couldn't climb out to the star. frustrating!,0
 the robots are cute. the gameplay is smooth and very less ads. challenging  interesting and entertaining game. totally worth 5 stars.,1
 i first played this gane 2 years ago and completed it... today i want to play it again.. i first start this first 2 levels were same just that stars collecting was new and it make game more interesting... and there are so many new levels i loved it...,1
 i think this puzzle app is great   just a little bit more update   add more puzzle game into it and some qay i can be able to send my puzzle i created to a friend and let them solve them   i think thats a good idea right?,1
 nice game but some levels are tough to solve can you give hint without any cost. afterall great game  we can make our own cards.,1
 very entertaining! a little difficult on certain levels to tap where you need to  so i am stuck on a couple.,1
 the concept is really good. the graphics is incredible. but most importantly it gets tougher and tougher and keeps you glued.,1
 i'm knocking off a star due to constant harassment about paying the deveoper.other than that it's fun challenging  plenty of levels  and no ads is a plus.,1
 this game is challenging  inquisitive  most of all ... fun!! i love the free-build feature. i've spent hours building different stages. i love this game.,1
 super duper app i love it never bored play this game because there are many level we can get out there like search at google for qr code  sometime i feel stressed because that level to hard but it's not your fault  it's my brain that can't thinking to much anyway  love this app,1
 when you're stressed af! it'll help you relax ! it's minimal design ! no ads! and cute graphics .great job. you feel satisfied when you complete each card. p.s please give some cute name to that robot like add a storyline or something,1
 the best puzzle game i have ever played. literally i've fallen in love with this game. the music is amazing as well as relaxing  so is the sound. it deserves more than 5,1
 wow! i usually am addicted to different strategic and online pvp battles but this game takes my experience to the whole new level. just few word from my side = absolutely amazing game = brilliant work from the developers. please keep on developing such games.,1
 beautiful design  controls are smooth and the game itself is clever and offers you a nice play time. this a diorama puzzle game  a cute mix between captain toad and monument valley. i highly recommend mekorama  congratulations for this fine piece of work!,1
 excellent ! this game is really fun . the puzzles are mind boggling but the graphics and picture quality is really cool . thanks for making such a game.,1
 nice little game to challenge the grey matter. gets progressively hard. minimal ads. easy control. aesthetically pleasant. recommend it!,1
 i personally like the game but please remove bug where the shadows of moving object stays just use draggables and stick it to ground the shadow is stilk there also please make the world bigger maybe you can build your thing without running out of space and also dont forget new wheels where u can move it with button also more smarter a.i pls cuz the ai is kind of an idiot here soo please fix ok ill love it!,0
 awesome game! graphics are great  soundtrack isn't annoying  you can even create your own level!,1
 this is a genius well done puzzle game. very fun to play and the little robot is cute. lol  i unintentionally trapped the robot under one of the steps you can move and he made a crunching sound....... he ok.,1
 niceeeeeeeeeeeeee game. it is a very attractive one. hi i am from colledge more    west bengal   bankura   india it is nice to play nice game great graphics i like the game very much . it is nice to play in free time ang getting recovered from boredom . its levels are nice and increases the thinking capabitity of the brain,1
 mekorama is a wonderful lil' puzzle solving game with beautiful enriched graphics and a cute cast of robot characters. it's fun for all ages! i highly recommend this game. especially if you're a fan of the puzzle genre.,1
 absolutely phrnomenal gaming experience. martin magni knows how to grip the gamer to the game. you get to do some light-heavy brain exercise and this game is has incredible graphics and interfaces. has been great to play and seeing the bot go in level 50 i felt really sad. thanks martin magni.,1
 very interesting game..i already like {c}..i think he is quite a cute little robot and the music tone of the game is very soothing.i think everyone can play the game..they just need to be in the right mindset. thank you...although plz if u would just add more characters or more colour skins to the robot...thank u!!!,1
 it's an unique 3d maze game where you can interact with the environment. also wonderful textures! 5 for the idea and gameplay. thank you developer!,1
 i think it's a great game and i love the building aspect of the game one cing do i'll be better if it had a straight angle of view on top and from the side and illumination over all is great .,1
 enjoyed every single level   it is really a 3d puzzle game different from the regular one found everywhere. amazing work hoping to see more similar themed games from you   amazing !,1
 it is fantastic... really good theme and few levels require real intelligence... moreover it also helps you making your own leaves... really good game.....,1
 lovely app to spend some time with in quarantine! i grew quite fond of the little fellows. heck  i even came to like the electro executioners. well done and very entertaining.,1
 elders can play with little ones easily and yet its not too boring neither easy. each stage is a good challenge.,1
 fun logical puzzles  great graphics  controls are very easy . fun for all to play. thanks!,1
 interesting and engaging. most levels are easily completed once you get the hang of it.,1
 great and wonderful. full of colors  music and interaction. great puzzles and easy for pasing some time.,1
 it is good and all but can you please add maore maps because there are just 50 they are challenging but please add more but thanks for this game you could even build your own map..,0
 first few levels were good  but later on we stuck at a point and there is no option of getting hints as well. we need to pay for the hints.... after paying you feel you are not satisfied with it....,0
 the game play needs improvement. when you try to move the wheel the surrounding starts rotating. and the game is buggy. kindly fix this.,0
 i love this game! there is an adventure in every new level and exciting. but the problem is the bot use to stuck in lvl 41. pls fix this. the bot can't enter the hole.,0
 very intresting and fun to play also it helps us to build different types of level. not only these it helps to generate idea.,1
 really good game ! i love it . the gameplay is also very nice . it is really a brain tester . i love making my own levels rather than playing the levels of this game . but it's still awsome !!! love it so much . thanks for making it,1
 absolutely amazing!!! brilliant concept  superb graphics  addictive gameplay. best game for analytical reasoning and problem solving.,1
 played this with my aunt when she was still alive. reminds me of the times when my aunt asks me for help whenever she gets stucked on a level. love this game because of that  and also because it's just a really darn good game overall.,1
 i love this game  but getting qr codes in a bit tedious. i think it might be better if you could upload levels through the app  like fancade. please consider maybe? i would like to upload my own levels.,0
 the sounds are relaxing and the game itself is like a fun brain training puzzle. great for passing time!!,1
 everything is good untill........ dont worry i'm not gonna write some imperfection because this is perfectly perfect but the thing is that it become easy for me...i had completed all the levels in just 5 days so if u will pls add some more level in it then this app will become worth again for me,0
 breathtaking. most amazing puzzle game i haver ever played in my life. most amazing levels this game is the integrity of some of the best developers in the world. very well done guys.,1
 it is a nice game worth giving a try. graphics and controls are awesome wiith trickier levels and mind consuming play strategy.,1
 excellent game. no ad s. bug free. clean application super smooth game play is nice with excellent graphics. i am happy. i like the game as l progress.,1
 loved it!! absolutely delightful. clean ui  no ads  pay as you want  beautiful music. great work all in all. happy playing ,1
 aggressive ads. it put ads even before the game saved the progress  with different device setting  it will reset the game after the ads  that needs you to redo the supposedly solved puzzle.,0
 really good game with really creative puzzles that always keeps you engaged and doesnot forces itself to be a difficult puzzle game but rather a clever puzzle game.,1
 brilliant game! loving the absence of ads!! finally a game with great graphics that is genuinely puzzling & enjoyable. developers - i salute you!,1
 this is a amazing puzzle game(cute bots  nice graphics  soothing background music) that you not only play but you can also make your own mekorama levels & you can also post your levels in mekorama forum website... (it makes me feel happy ,1
 robot is adorable. very interesting and challenging logic game. no glitches. very enjoyable and quite addictive. love it.,1
 the game's pretty neat but with the touch controls can be a bit hard to pin point where you want your character to go.,0
 it is a great game with different level and the best thing is that we can make our own levels and it is too cheap also it is the best puzzle game i have ever played. i loved it,1
 it is a very good game under 20 mb   high quality graphic good control systems but some glitches are there 1. in few cases robo was dont go where i locate . 2. in coustom i dont make 2 yellow robo(it is not a bug),0
 excellent for the whole family. no ads  no annoying music or interruptions  no hidden purchases for my kids to avoid. a polite option to support the developer. all kid-friendly aps should be like this!!,1
 it is excellent in every way. controls are not frustrating and for a graphics like that it should not be free,0
 it's a totally mind blowing game . so good graphics and controls and also very challenging levels. i love this game very much.,1
 hello dear martin first i have to thank you for a such a wonderful game... and i really likes the way u did... no annoying ads.. and the payment method its big change from the others... i paid what i can now... i hope in the future i will pay little bit more.. honestly ur work deserves that... we looking more games and apps like this.. huge thumbs up for u....,1
 i played this game when it first came out and the community then  and since has always been wonderful. it's a quick little solo play puzzle game with innovative features  and when you get into the community levels it'll only get better.,1
 we can't afford the game  but i promise if we had the money i would definitely buy it for my 5 yo severe autistic grandson.. this is one of his favorite games... not sure if he's playing correctly but he can build his little honey off...,1
 there is a problem in seeing the whole dimension because of that i have to play some level by just plain assumption. like in level 9 temple of athena. you must add a full maneuverability of the whole scene in that level otherwise there will be a whole lot of assumption,0
 it's a really simple and extremely polished puzzle game  and when you finish with the main ones  the community has you covered definitely recommended,1
 game is truly challenging and mind boggling but level 41 is not working.. please fix it as soon as possible because i want to end this challenging game.,0
 its a very good game. pritty clean. i spend most of my time making levels for my friends. my only problem is the small amount of levels.,1
 the game is basically unplayable. it wouldn't register when i tapped the screen except for the pause button  and even then  that only worked a few times.,0
 this is a truly enjoyable game. it is adventurous and causes one to use one's mind. this game seems to improve one's mental ability to solve problems and improve one's understanding and patience.,1
 great little app packed with awesome levels this deserves a 11/10. the only issue i have is with the camera angle  at some points i can't see jack *  but it works. thanks for an awesome game,1
 first of all adorable character  second it's fun entertaining unpredictable mentally challenging but not stressful and overall a good brain teaser. i recommend this game to anybody.,1
 awesomeness  i am in search for such game. will surely purchase. currently in amidst of corona epidemic. let me start earning again. until then thanks. the in game sound is very soothing as well the game play. not typical puzzle game rather fluid.,1
 most innovative and out of the mainstream game ili have ever played. a must for both puzzle solvers and creators. this is such a treat.,1
 i like the little character. its movements are realistic enough to generate a surprising amount of empathy. some of the solutions are tough  and some surprising. i love that.,1
 the best things in life are unexpected  this game is one of them  no ads  flawless gameplay and great levels.,1
 this is the type of game that goes unnoticed when it shouldn't! it is so awesome - it's one of the best games i've ever played and downloaded on my device - that i've literally played for so long i don't even notice the time passing. definitely must download!,1
 love these types of games. gotta use your brain to get thru the levels. nice job! no ads is the best part of it all. they are soooo irritating. thanks!,1
 its a very intresting game made for genius... those who things he/she is a genius can try this game... but i'm sure that he/she can't complete 25 level.... so its my recommendation to try this game and those who going to try this game best of luck....,1
 i can't say anything negative... really. i love how quirky and fun it is. i get flustered each time i try a new level. some of the puzzles remind me of the stuff from alundra or wild arms back in the day... whooooheeee what a ride!,1
 a vefy immersive experience and best game for mental exercises. every level have different logic and a different experience.,1
 this is an incredible puzzle game with lots of fun puzzles though a few rely on reflexes instead of puzzle solving and one is puzzle is just wrong the rest just pure fun to figure out,1
 its fun. i absolutely love how cute the robot is. the puzzles are really good too.thy make you think. i can't not leave a review after getting to level 22,1
 i haven't had such an engrossing game since lemmings. graphics and controls are simple but brilliant.,1
 i like this game . it is so relaxing and one of the bests for time pass. it also helps you think. graphics are also so good. i play this game when im bored and it helps me refresh.,1
 i absolutely love games that present a bit of a challenge  have great graphics  and logic in the gameplay... this game has it all!! *****,1
 this game shows everyone how even a silly mission to reach a spot by a cute little robot can be so interesting. looking forward to more versions ,1
 i just finished all the level in less than 12 hours without hint (maybe because the covid19 at my country and yeah you know the conditions) and i enjoy the game. no ads but you must donate first to use hint and sometimes the app ask you for a donation. it's just fine for me.,1
 it's the best puzzle game ever. i love this game so much thanks martin for making this game. i have completed the game. it was so tricky .50 levels and waiting for next update.,1
 it's an awesome game . i like spending time on playing it   but the only fear i have is that what will i do when all levels will be completed . i request the developers to create more versions of this game . thanks for reading !,1
 i love this game. simple yet hard  challenging but relaxing. i love making my own levels and trying other peoples levels. if i had money  i would donate some. 10/10 totally recommend,1
 great app  great graphics  awesome gameplay one can enjoy it without paying anything. no ads make it must try. i would like to have more games like this. i appreatiate. i support,1
 at first i thought it was a simple puzzle game with wonky game physics. now i know why  since it will later be a part of another puzzle. brilliant.,1
 i love this game very much  it helps you think smarter in a way... i also love that this game takes up less space and also works offline while providing such amazing animation and design,1
 the game has a good ramp in difficulty. controls are simple. graphics are great. really enhoy this game,1
 absolutely fantastic game.you can create your own levels or complete challenging levels. it is a good game for mind development.,1
 a really fun and well designed game... no lags  no glitches  no crashes  etc...great for all age groups.,1
 i have played lots of mystery solving games but this one is the best of all and the size of the game was also too low. i enjoy playing this game. best time passing game with increasing the iq level,1
 mekorama is a calming game. i use it to help me with feelings of anxiety or depression. it's a unique little platformer/puzzle game and i think if you give it a try  you might enjoy it. have a nice day ,1
 just had a great but sometimes frustrating time but mekorama is just the perfect low storage game with great graphics and neat gameplay.,1
 very intresting game  its one of the best maze games i have ever played. it elevates u like while playing rusty lake games   just that its a lot more easier and nice. i hope the developer would soon add more interesting levels to the game soon,1
 good game concept. pathetic character control. the character moves like a drunkard. you never know which path he would take to reach destination point.,1
 this is the third time i'm installing this cute game. never bored with it. quite challenging and mind cracking. have always loved these kind of puzzles....keep it up martin! thanks!,1
 awesome and real tricky game. its real tough to cross levels after completing 25th level. i suffered a lot and had lots of fun in this game amd even we can create levels i thats what i like more in this game.thank u martin for creatimg such a beautiful game,1
d ,1
 great alternative to monument valley. fun puzzles and interesting solutions. controls sometimes elusive  but great game and cute robot!,1
 very brilliant game in such at low space 3d graphic   puzzle   ect keep it better than now in future and add multiplayer in it so we can enjoy with our friends.....,1
 i do enjoy the style and gameplay  but stopped playing after a while since it got frustrating and annoying after a while.,1
 what a cute game with delightful animation and really makes you think to solve spatial puzzles! very well designed!!,1
 i really like this game.this game is really addictive. difficult to cross some levels but i love a concept of this game. where i can design my own level and i can play levels created by people. this game never ends,1
 pure pleasure. fun and logical game  free but no commercial. feels a bit retro. i have not see better and more honest game in years. i will go give donation to developer now. get a game and then be a nice person - pay.,1
 it's a great game for thinkers and puzzle solvers and who will play just for fun so i fully support this game so if u want to install this game it's great u can installl! i m so proud that to tell i completed all the levels exept the 49th level it's really worst traffic note ,1
 awesome sensibilities and aesthetics. magni really gets the sense of toying associated with puzzle games. love the level editor as well.,1
 ok good good game but i have 2 big problem aout this game ,1
 it's somuch fun and relaxing and those puzzles are so beautiful especially the ability to make your own map ... i think i wont uninstall it forever.,1
 it's a nice mind blowing puzzle game and i like ut very much. makes us to think in a different way to solve each puzzle.,1
 it's really cute i loved the puzzle they are easy and you can further levels without paying too which is rare to find across in games these days.,1
 this is a very nice game  it has nice graphics  interesting puzzles and all that in 4.3 mb. honestly it's the best puzzle game i have ever played.,1
 tricky but fun. love the look of the puzzles  robot is so cute plus the pay what you can or write a review for a free hint. thst is a great idea. recommend this to try.,1
 there are a million games in play store. but this one is so special and unique. my friends often got bored of any games play. until this one came along. its a must try for all ages. you will go nuts in somelevel. totally worth it.,1
 it's a creative game with a very cute little robot for which we have to clear the maze and with very interactive design . thinking and fun  ideal for children.,1
 this game is f..n awesome.level 14 convinced me that its more than a game the strategy you use in level 14 would be enough to ensure your iq is above 100.it didnt take me more than 10min to get the strategy and feel proud to cross that stupid friend!!moreover this game is the best of best in only 5mb.just look at the game the graphics and animations.....and especially the puzzles are by far too awesome.this game would improve your iq if you play it.i apreciate the developers as well for d game,1
 i am just confused. i already donated some cash to this app with this same google account. i uninstalled it ang changed my phone then re-installed it. now its asking me to donate again? hmmm sketchy. good game though. perfect for passing the time while making ur brain work.,0
 overall an amazing app. very fun to play  stuff gets harder everytime and makes it fun and challenging to play. deffinetly would recommend.,1
 i love the style and idea of this game  but the level design is just boring and atrocious. who though an uncontrollable guy who just functions to walk back and forwards to slow you down was a good idea?,0
 i love puzzle games like this  and this game deserves 5/5 the controls are easy to understand and the colorful graphics makes this a great game,1
 this game great. but they make no allowances for people who have not only paid for the game but even paid more than they were asking for. i guess they are only interested in collecting money no matter how they get it. no matter how many times they charge you. money grubbers,0
 the best game which opens our brain and let us remember every proverb. like where there's a will there is a way!really awesome game. everybody try it who are not so intelligent also try it.it will increase ur iq.it teaches us to keep our brain calm and cool.i am proud that there is such intelligent person to create this game.please play the game.,1
 good brain challenge. nice game. if you could make with a treasure hunt or some sort of adventure it would be better.,1
 so far it's very fun but the way you get hints is annoying to a extent. other than this it's been challenging but fun.,1
 i think there was a problem,0
 a refreshing game with a really cool "card" system where each level is stored on a card. you can make levels and then share the card with your friend. and you can collect cards from your friends.,1
 not addictive  but perfect for playing for short time. i hate games which makes u feel so addictive and cannot do any other work. this game helps me relax inbetween work!,1
 great little puzzle game  love the physic mechanics used. only just started the game today  hence not full 5 stars. will need to get further into the game.,1
 this is my all time favourite game. i completed the game many times and i always have this with me. the music the robo the structure the levels the eye of robo everything every single thing is best.,1
 it is challenging and more interesting to solve it..now i'm getting addicted to it.. just loved the game   such an amazing graphics ! ,1
 this game is mindblowing amazing and fantastic. this game needs very intelligent mind that can clear the stages. this makes good understanding and it contains so many difficult riddeles. thanks for reading my opinion.,1
 very interesting and mind twisting solving game that is great to exercise the brain to think for the way out. loving it and supporting all the games that are like this.,1
 much interesting and brain killer game. many stages take up much brain to solve. many forced me to watch solution on youtube. but overall is nice. i am waiting for stages updates. i have cleared all,1
 very fun and challenging game. gets you thinking but isn't impossible. seldom ads and fun  unique levels.,1
 its a brilliant game with crazy details and puzzle if you have a amoled or oled display it looks so much sharp you can't believe this its only 5-6 mb   if i could i would pay for the game   download the game and if you can please donate something thank you.,1
 good game and very much interesting. i have some suggestions 1.you can make more levels built in game 2.you can add more blocks on build section and on the game also 3.you can add new window called online in which players can download play and share the puzzles made by them thank you for reading and hope that will help.,0
 i absolutely love this game  it's filling my game void from finishing tiny robots which i loved too. this is great  i keep looking to see how many i have left. i'm about half way thru. make more pleeeease!,1
 it's a really fun game with a cute  little robot  and it even has a level editor. however  the level editor is kinda hard to use.,0
 i seriously am in love with this game. great time killer too! i love the challenges that each level gives you. it starts super easy so even my little cousins can enjoy this.,1
 good game in very less storage..and there are many kind of puzzles and you can create your own puzzle or level..and it is a offline game.,1
 complete with lots of levels  smooth graphics  fitting music  and even a level maker  all under 5 mb! if i could donate i would!,1
 it's extremely cool  relaxing and tricky game. you'll fall in love with the character. it's extremely cute  all your stress vanishes with it.,1
 i am giving one star because of ad's they fall between the game and our focus on it gets over . good game but craches also i have 4 gb ram but it lacks in game playing. i am a youtuber i wants to play the game which don't lage and crash between playing it . graphics is good but as a youtuber i wants to play game without ad break .,0
 totally awesome keeps you thinking. it looks very easy but i think it's more eye coordination because at anytime you can fall it really is worth a donation keep up the good work and yes this grandmother gives you the ultimate two thumbs up,1
 i think it's an amazing game! from the music and the sounds it records after u move the character is genius! very therapeutic btw.,1
 amazing bro martin . u have given great feel to us. if it can be changed to in to action game . it will break all records. graphics and themes are out of the box. alot of love.,1
 beautifully crafted visuals and creative use of screen space. simple but joyful adventure puzzle game.,1
 its fantastic  just incredible.. i will recommend it to you.. instead of that rubbish 2-3 gb games.. its just 5 mb.. how the hell on this earth that is possible but martin did it.. hats off to you bro... incredible programming.. incredible script.. i feel i was in some other planet... rescuing my bot...,1
 simple and great. good brain teaser. i completed 10 levels still i didn't use the hint option. good time killer and boost up your thinking,1
 this game is so much fun and very addicting  it is like a puzzle for your brain and i love how the levels are in different areas of the world. 5 stars!!!,1
 cool graphics  the puzzles are to hard for this dumb-dumb  but in a good way. control is smooth. mike,1
 oh  what a game! how could you fit this huge game only in 2.5mb??!! unbelievable! everyone should play this awesome game. cause  it has no limit! just build your own levels and challenge your friends!,1
 it's been fun playing out tricky puzzles. really addictive and was just hoping for few more levels but overall was awesome to play.,1
 amazing.. my favorite puzzle game of 2020. i applaud your creativity  how you generate the music from the players movement is very impressive. great game.,1
 the whole game is just awesome. at the beginning it looks very easy  but they get harder and harder. one of the best games i played. ever,1
 it's great!! nice graphics  cool interface. easily one of the best 3d puzzle games i've played.,1
 fun little game with a variety of puzzles to get your mind working. the art style is nice and the music is relaxing.,1
 this is such an amazing game to play ! i loved it the day i downloaded it   i didn't think it was a good game at first but when i saw the number of levels and the "create your own levels"   i was glad i took a look at this game . 5 stars   wish i could do more but google play isn't letting me . i recommend everyone to try this game.,1
 wow! this is the ultimate brain booster puzzle!!! yet not boring and has good graphics. helps you thiiink and improve your mental ability. thanks to martin magni for "mekorama".,1
 fantastic game  well thought out and looks amazing. well worth a look and one i'll happily play for hours the level editor is such a good addition.... not used it yet as i've only just discovered it. 5/5 for mekorama,1
 this is really a master piece a good graphics 3d puzzle game where we can make our own level also i recommend everyone to play this game when they feel to do some brain exercise 5 star for this .,1
 very interesting puzzles. graphics is good. all the levels are different in their own ways.,1
 puzzles are mostly trivial... the challenge is the ui and visibility. you will get nautous after a while rotating the 3d models over and over trying to make out some path. sound is also horrible  apparently by design to make you feel immersed with zappy robot.,0
 it's a very good game.... i love it a lot. when i played it first time i thought that this is boaring... after completing 6th level i found it more interesting... i was so curious to reach the end.. and i won the game,1
 needs lot of patience and control to this game . simple  charming but brain-challenging game. completed all the levels.,1
 nice puzzles in the games.i liked the game but i need some improvement in the game. that is when we make our levels there is limited world size. please make the world size very big. please!!!!. althrough nice game and puzzles.,1
 excellent game... the art the level design  the character animations- it's brilliant.a very satisfying game to play.,1
 this puzzle game is amazing! sometimes i get frustrated with some of the levels  but that is the main purpose of the game. rest of the stuff is great ! i really recommend this game,1
 cute graphics. simple but challenging gameplay. not for those who don't have much patients.,1
 very challenging but rewarding to finish that one pesky level. no ads. pay what you'd like.,1
 i've wanted an app that i could make fun game levels with but not have to do too much programming. this app lets you do that with ease.,1
- ayush wadile ,0
 fun puzzling game amd kinda funny too. i wish the camera to look aorund the puzzle was not locked in 90 degree intervals but free orbit. other than that its a great game,1
 ok simple best graphic game. but there is no more cards. and also i needed some more robo character. thank you for this wonderful game. i like it. i have shared to my friends this game.,1
 game is ok. puzzles are quite easy and doable. the real challenge is to fight the unprecise cumbersome tap/drag system.,0
 the developer keeps begging you for money. there is also a rare bug where if 2 npcs get to a corner at the same time from 2 sides they keep headbanging each other and get stuck not being able to progress their ways which forces you to restart the level,0
 very very good work. love the concept and love the game overall. graphics and movements are great.,1
 awesome! i would definitely pay you for the game  but i can't right now. i don't know if it is my emulator or what  but the game music is so distorted it even sounds eerie. do you have an idea about what could have happened?,1
 i love this cute mekorama. the way this robot walk is so funny. awesome game and superb graphics!!! plus it doesn't ask you to pay for anything. you can pay as much as you want. please make more games like this,1
 it's very good but some confusen have in this game.robot is very funny control is good but not fully move what i want and one more thing is good that we can zoom.i do not see this game before. very good game but not for children please download it. good mind free game.,1
 i love this game but can you make it so we can see everything because sometimes it super annoying when i have to go somewhere i cant even see but other than that amazing game with no adds,0
 absolutely loved it!!!! great game  new concepts are introduced slowly so you get used to it. can play without internet. made my nights. thank you! love love love!,1
 pretty fun  but annoying and tedious at times. also the message asking for donations every time you do something gets very annoying.,0
 hints should be given for some levels instead of pay and take method. otherwise it becomes too tough for clearing some levels like lv 19 robo valley . coming to game it is the best game i have ever seen from my childhood under 10 mb,0
 addicting with great graphics. wish the image could be rotated to any position rather than predetermined spots.,0
 an undo and redo button would be nice and it would be nice to keep the field straight rather than being in isometric.,0
 a great game but the 'make your own level' feature could do with some work. other than that  the game's splendid.,1
 this app is awesome 1. it has a very low size and can run on any device 2. graphics are good as this game is low size 3. levels are challenging and good overall 5 star experience,1
 it is good puzzle game and its graphics is nice. it is a very tricky game and we wnt to burn our heads in the harder level to solve the puzzle,1
 great design with some cool levels. though some are borderline unplayable and the controls are finicky,0
 it's a great game. pretty hard to complete (i'm stuck on 2 levels) i love they way it quantizes your moves into a tune.,1
 very nice game.the little robot is so adorable. it walks like a toddler. the game starts with easy levels but gradually it gets hard which will make you think,1
 good game  too many ads. when they say occasional ad they mean after each level. yes they are short ads but very repetative,0
 i dig this game! relaxing 3-d puzzles with a tiny robot. no issues so far so thanks for a simple yet entertaining game.,1
 engaging puzzles that make you expand your problem solving skills. giving 5 stars no bugs so far and every level is better than the last.,1
 i could have given more than 5 stars as the game has even more fun as compared to its size.i really appreciate the developer to make this game which also includes a bit of brain exercise. moreover this game is offline and add free!!,1
 very challenging. but everyone must try this one. needs lot of brain work . anyway i love it . well done developers . i like the movements of that little buddy .,1
 meh! didn't find it too interesting. i mean there's only one spot the robot can ever move to  so you just keep clicking on different locations and eventually you click on the right one and he goes there.,0
 amazing little puzzle game with the cutest tiny robot you've ever seen..... but why can my granddaughter clear levels in seconds when it takes me hours??!!! lol!!,1
 xoxo i love this game the little robot is so cute .at first it was easy but now it getting a bit challenging in every level but anyways it's a really fun game to play.good job to the developers. and to you who is reading this review download this game it's worth it,1
 truly good game difficulty increase at every level new way and new concepts to solve puzzles truly loved this game i hope developer will create part 2 for this with better puzzles and new concept great effort by martin magni hope so in future we will see a better popular game by you,1
 nice game. makes us think. logical and interactive. simplistic music and very good graphics.,1
 this was a very enjoyable experience. it really engages your brain. i found my self at 3am in te morning trying to find a solution to a puzzle. to the developers;well done,1
 the best detailed mobile game that's very fun and has interesting puzzles all of which r simple yet if u do not look at it properly u will be stuck. in all its a very good game that deserves more than a 5 star review,1
 this is a tricky game where you have to play 50 level by level a smart person can solve these puzzle. puzzle is not so hard but this game can change your mind set . i think you have to try this game,1
 totally new concept  mesmerising graphics and negligible size make it a must- play. requires decent iq.,1
 wonder full puzzle game. all the levels in the game are awesome. best part is players can build their own puzzle.,1
 amazing little puzzle game. it's awesome what someone can create with "simple". great game! i love it!,1
 mekorama is addictive game for me. but it's to hard when there is no hints  please improve this game.. maybe free hints or every pass level we will get hints.. just my opinion.. thank you..,1
 it's a really good puzzle and everything is completely free. you can only pay if you want to support the developer. respect,1
 even the game is simple. the cute graphic and puzzle are interesting to play and spend the leisure time.,1
 i think that every one should play this game it's a mind catching game we have to search way for reaching end point we can make our own level and we can play it even though if our level is ok by the game maker every one can play it .so at last i want to say that every one should play makoramaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,1
 love this game! i had this game in the past .i have a galaxy note 10 and for what ever reason the game is not playing on a full screen. if anyone can help with this issue  i would greatly appreciate it. thanks for your time!,1
 i'll ive been searching for this game in years  i kept typing nekorama thinking it was the name of the game but turns out one letter could make a large difference  it's because of my misspelling that i couldn't find this game.,1
 i like it cuz it has some really challenging levels and its fun and the graphics are really nice too .. the music choice is soothing as well,1
 best puzzle game ever with low download size  excellent graphics  good controls .... i love everything about this game ... i appreciate you martin magni for your work and keep it going ...,1
 this game is fiendishly clever. the puzzles are a frustrating challenge that are hard to put down. the app is well thought out and executed.,1
 thanx to developer. being of only 5 mb  it is very good game and editors choice also .best thing of this game is that  we can create levels. and i love the bacground music too.,1
 very good game. it increases our level to think and solve very hard and interesting levels. may the most people should play this game.,1
 love the game deserves 5 stars. the controls arent smooth but i think it is like that so that the game is challenging...,1
 controls are wonky. often doesn't do what i want it to. overall just a frustrating experience.,0
 nice puzzles and graphics is also amazing. like the concept where one can create their own puzzle. ,1
 i absolutely loved this game and even if you have finished the story mode game then you can go to master and play the other people's map and the best thing is i can build my own map but i had a doubt after i make the map will other people be able to see and play my map  can the creator of this game answer my doubt?,1
 its a cute game with good challenges. i have so far found them not too tough which suits my appetite and the stages i finished didnt take a lot of time so the game seems to be an excellent time pass,1
 brilliant creation by a solo developer. @martin magni  you really inspired me to think out of the box. spent money for the first time on any app. giving 5 stars  keep up the good work!!! consider it as a little reward from my side to worth your efforts and admiration on your talent of creation.,1
 nice game. best in free time. if you think levels are hard...no problem you can create your own level. 10 000 thanks to martin mangi and team,1
 i loved the game too much. martin magni has made the best logical game. the levels are difficult and make much fun. and yes  the character is too cute. thanks martin magni..,1
 i really like the game! its really cool and challenging!! but now i created my own game and i want to send this to martin magni! so that he/she can play my game the he will add it to the main levels.... so that mekorama will grow further!,1
 adorable game  nice cute character. ever expanding and logical game. easiest way to get new levels. would like to 3000 stars but here only 5 are available.,1
 it's refreshing to see a free game of this quality completely 100 percent ad free!! because there wasn't the annoyance of ads i donated $4 to the creator! thank you! great game!,1
 great game for relaxing just download and try it you won't regret it. i love it and the fact that you can make your own levels and play other people's levels just adds so much more to it. one of the best games for your phone.,1
 pretty good game  it's just that later levels are more of rinse and repeat till it works instead of actual puzzles.,0
 it was a good thought provoking game that can make a person think in many ways it is one of the great game i downloaded every games don't impress me so fast it was a great experience with mekaroma thank you so much for a good gaming experience,1
 it is a very interesting game in low mb for the person who really like to solve problems and puzzles. this game has a lot of fun  every level has an interesting problem and twists. the best feature of this game is that we can also make levels in this game. i have seen a lot of games but it is most interesting. loved tooo much . i want to rate it more than 5 stars but i can't so,1
 amazing and addictive. interesting puzzles will capture young and old alike. i don't have many games on my device but this is staying!,1
 i really like this game  it's simple and has cool graphics! it would be cool if the camera rotation was more flexible tho!,1
 this is a out the box puzzle game  hay what can i say life is a little puzzling sometime this game can be very helpful to help you use the mind (whats in your thinking skills set) this is the game to get if you enjoy puzzles & rpg's,1
 this game is so cute addictive and funnn!!! yey  i really like this game. every levels are exciting and thrilling and plus the mini robot is cute! thanks for creating this fantastic game! i highly recommend it to everyone;),1
 lovely game but a shame purchases to go ad free can't be added to the family library. i'd rather pay a bit more for one hit for the whole household than have to pay per person.,0
 this is a beautiful relaxing game. it's puzzling and challenging and at the same time incredibly calming and easy going. love the music  love the game.,0
 superb game. i like this game very much. please send new updates to our brilliant players. i already finished master levels upto 35 levels. i didn't get any new updates from now. please send new updates.,1
 awesome game! the robots are so cute! and the puzzles are hard enough to be challenging but not too hard to get past,1
 this was a fun game  a lot like monument valley  i'm always looking for games similar to that. only 4 stars because the popups asking to financially support the dev got really annoying.,0
 this is good game but some levels cannot be cross. there was a mistake in those levels.  30 and 19 level can't be cross,0
 the game is mind numbing with a little challenge to it which is good. badgering for donations constantly to pay for the game is irritating. charge for the game or quite asking...the last update was in may 2016.,0
 like it a lot  graphics are fluid and the little bod has a lovely movement. i will pay money maybe when i have played more.,1
 great game... i've got only one problem the game needs a view of looking through the doors in the game and needs an aerial view... other than that the game is just awesome!!!,1
 it's really a great game  it has great graphics  good levels  cute robot and believe it or not... free. amazing.,1
 i completed the game...i felt like it finished very soon.hope you guys will add more levels. more interest obstacles that make the game a little more tough.. good luck guys..,1
 this game is so awesome that it can even open the brain of a dull man! its very interesting n children must play it for their iq test. its an offline game n i request the developer of the game to make more levels. thank u,1
 amazing game.. with amazing levels .. thanks "martin" for making such a lovely game.. i wish to play many more such exiting games.. and also waiting for new version of mekorama.. sorry.. because i can't contribute enough but.. whatever i paid all for this lovely creation..,1
 favorite game ever.. i played it 3 years ago.. and now i am reinstalling it for a second run.. its only 5 mb  that is the best part.. please make more games like this... why the game has no updates since 2016 ?? "odd bot out" too was an amazing game..,1
 excellent game  so entertaining  well worth the 3.99 for the premium  the ads just got a little annoying.,0
 the best game i have played. great concept. easy game controls. great level difficulty implementation,1
 that's the game everyone is looking for.anyone can play this and it's so relaxing to play it there is no need to stree out to complete a level and there is no need for frustration in it.i love it and expecting more levels from it,1
 is very cool and satisfactory the music but there's a glitch in the game is in level 11 because if you do something wrong you get out of the puzzle.,0
 very nice game i m bored and then i make my levels example mini golf robots home and etc. but that levels that make me have much time . please give a update and give mekorama chapter 2 . and more levels too . martin magni mekorama is the best puzzle game ever,1
 great game  high graphics and very enjoyable! you can even make your own card(puzzle/level) the developer in this game i could say to you is that this game you've made is really awesome! great job!,1
 the game is exceptionally well done  the challenge of figuring out the next move due to the camera angles is a lot of fun.,1
 superb game...a simple but effective game to refresh and sharpen your brain simultaniously...also it comes with a remarkeble small size  that helps every smartphone user to save their memory space...,1
 quite amazingly puzzled. good beautiful graphics. easy to play but grows more interest with difficulties.,1
 too cute. don't let the static picture fool you into thinking this is some low functioning low resolution game. it's not. it is smooth and detailed.,1
 it was bery addictive.... even sometimes i want to throw my phone because its difficulty. i love the music effects  the animation  and the robot is so cute!. can you tell me why the robot's costume had letter"b"?,1
 this game stretched my mind to its limits exploring the deepest caverns of my knowledge. thank you martin magni!!! i love playing because it doesnt need wifi or internet connection because of this i can play anywhere anytime!!!!!,1
 this game is insane!! it is pretty good soo far  i like the graphics and all the levels are excellent. the level making section makes the game more interesting love it!,1
 the game is really fun and challenging at times. the smooth controls and transitions are really good.,1
 really nice game. smooth graphics  increasingly challenging 3d puzzles  satisfying gameplay. just really enjoying this,1
 huge respect. the game is just so smooth and relaxing  gameplay is original and flexible. nothing to complain  one of the best. just a question,1
 everything is fine except the music and sound effects are stuttery  it's messy but it's not really affecting the gameplay,1
 simple  but deceptive. entirely frustrating at some points  but overall a good game. really nice graphics,1
 it's an addictive game  very good for brain exercises. it challenges you to be able to think which is pretty awesome...,1
 i never go out in my own and quite a review with out being promoted  so take my word,1
 good puzzle game.best thing is you can create your own levels. if i would be able i would pay the highest buget available. this is my favourite puzzle game so far.keep going!,1
 excellent puzzle game. high quality graphics and a new take on the puzzle style. highly recommended.,1
 good game at such low storage nice strategy!! have to use your mind to complete the level which makes you more intelligent in problem solving.,1
 i'm 88 and i'm absolutely hooked on mekorama now i've been into gaming all my life i even had a video and computer game shop and this is without doubt the best game i've ever played you keep going back to it thinking i will work that out which is proof of a really great game programme is just brilliant thank you so much keep up the good work len williams in gillingham kent 26.8.21the only thing i keep trying to buy the other levels hints etc but i don't know why it wont accept my visa card sorry,0
 such a great game always makes me feel happy when i play it.the app even though being free contains no adds what so ever.the game almost feels neverending as levels get harder as you complete more levels thank you mr.martin magni for making this wonderfull game.....more soundtracks would boost the experience.,1
 this game is just brilliant. simple graphics and simple controls. it's different from the other games i have played because this is a simple game that makes you play it over and over again.,1
 its a very innovative game though it doesnt look such from an external peek. you would be amazed by how many different unorthodox kinds of paths would be the solutions,1
 amazed ! truly amazed by the simple yet authentic seign of the gameplay and each puzzle is actually a quality puzzle to be solved !and believe me i enjoyed ot so much that i have actually complted those 50 card levels more than 3to 4times! congo to the developer for developing such intricate and unique game!,1
 it's an awesome  complex thinking game that i had an extremely enjoyably experience playing  definitely recommend it to all that have a hunger for uniform puzzle games,1
 the game itself is very enjoyable and the music used in it is really suitable and awesome! playing mekorama is an amazing experience which makes me so happy! thank you for creating this beautiful experience by working on such a game!,1
 excellent graphics  nice interface  feeling good all the time  ajd background music is good too..,1
 high quality graphics are very rare to find in such a small-sized game. hats off to the developers. please keep creating more games like this.,1
 a great game under 10mb. it is totally enjoyable and funny. one can pass his/her time by playing it .one also can make his/her own level too. i like this game most.....,1
 a very fun puzzler for all ages. my 5 year old loves this game as much as i do  and builds some pretty complex puzzles.,1
 a fun game that takes little memory and there are no ads. not completed yet but it is pretty simple.,1
 i love it  its a great puzzle solving game and really gets you thinking and with the make your own level aspect the game is unending,1
 this game is actually super fun and peaceful to play. the music is very smoothing and very relaxing. if your looking for something to relax you this is your game.,1
 progressive in each level  design is quite unique and if you're into solving challenging puzzles  this is it,1
 this game was beautifull simple gameplay  good graphics yet challenging. no disturbing advertisement.,1
 one main thing i luv about this game is the smoothness of it. the flow of it makes it soo satisfying to play. the game concept is just outstanding. amazing  yet underated,1
 i like the game so much. i love it and it is interesting when making levels by myself. good game. please make the map size unlimited so that we can make a world ..,1
 this is the game i was looking for.. it's fun and hard at the same time. more than doing the same thing again and again it helps to think in different perspectives.and i'm adicted to the game now...,1
 really liked the game with simple graphics  brain challenging puzzles and really cute robots. enjoying making my own levels,1
 the game is masterpiece! it gives you the opportunity to build you own levels and to play community created levels! the graphics are amazing and it is clear that the team did amazing job!,1
 enjoyed by young nephew. my 4yo nephew loves the little robot  helping it navigate and finding a path to the goal. he also takes great joy in torturing the red robot by letting it fall in the water or leaving it stranded in an island.,1
 i love this game. it is very simple and easy to play. there are ads in game but not many like other games. the ai of the bot is very good. he can find a definite path wherever we point.,1
 pretty good game. nice graphics  and requires you to use your brain  buy not so hard you get stuck on every level.,1
 great game. great concept. good amount of brain stimulation  love it to the core. best feature - make your own level.,1
 best puzzle to play in this pandemic situation. it helped me increase iq  concentration and focus. it is also good for passing time,1
 this is the best gaming experience i have ever had on android. it's so clean and smooth with such an interesting gameplay. this is a much underappreciated game on playstore.,1
 i don't know if i get angry or laught when the robot go out the level. it's an amazing game whit a relax sound and good puzzles. the only thing that boter me is the automatic camera.,1
 the best puzzle game ever. love it. martin magni great job. though i feel it may include more levels or worlds. but overall love it.,1
 great simple and fun it's one of a kind game where we can pay what we want and it's light in memory too. best of all the games.plus no ads. the best,1
 size doesn't matters. this is the least space eating game and i believe this tops that category. graphics  movements  configuration... everything is realistic.,1
 it is very good puzzle game because it's all level are different you won't fill that this is repeating.......and also a very very good graphic...,1
 the game is so smooooooth  it is so good  i recommend installing this  the calm music is awesome and the puzzle levels are challenging and rewarding... overall 5/5,1
 gorgeous graphic and clever puzzles. it has no ads but it does ask you to make monetary contribution to the designer. i guess it's only fair.,1
 nice haha...firstly i think its just easy game but i was wrong. this game is harder than i thought  to finish the puzzle you must think out of the box...for those not install this game yet....install keti..capat...sikapai kopio...aramai kasari maini...buli negidi buat your own puzzle sendiri......,1
 not your usual head trainer. like other strategy games found here  it's a trial and error but unlike the others  mekorama also tests your patience and stress management.,1
 addictive game that makes you think while having fun. very creative. good graphics and movement. game has a calming affect too.,1
 i love it !! it makes my mind to think hard to find solutions that makes me happy . also   i completed the 50 puzzles in three days and started to make my own levels .,1
 love this game. using ai for its control. isometric style make me say "wow" immediately. the robot is so cute when it walks. great job! you build up my imajination about game.,1
 great puzzle game! a little easy for me  but the graphics and concepts are great!,1
 i cannot believe i found this game again.yaaaaaaay i thought i lost it.is there more than 50 cards?that is all i .i hope there are more levels.glow in the dark levels would be cool.please keep this game on google playstore forever i want this game to stay so i can play.i give more than 5  thank you for keeping the game i found it again.and offline to.,1
 this game is really relaxing and somehow cute. i love watching the little robot walk around trying to reach the exit. its really fun and entertaining i really recommend.,1
 definitely one of the best games i've played. simple yet so nice. love the fact that you can design your own level and how you can choose how much you want to give to the creator,1
 amazing game,1
 this game i the greatest puzzle game ive ever played but i feel like there shoud be a senstivity setting for moving blocks and/the camera. but do love this game its a great type of 3d maze game.,1
 great game  must try once  other than the levels in the game  you can make levels and share them  or either play levels made by others,1
 so far really good!just installed today and really loving it.a really great puzzle game and also that mini robotic character is reallyyy cute!!cant wait to explore new levels,1
 this game is very nice and decent. the music gives soothing effect to ears . this game uses both your brain and virtual senses or creativity as you have to imagine that you are in there . i love this game,1
 mega intertainer the protagonist is silly yeah like he is drunken all the time that makes it funny but i like the gameplay and the variety of imagination. i like the skill of martin magni the developer .he musg have an artistic skilled and vast talent ...thanks for this game.,1
 the game is cool  but i feel like many of the puzzles are more focused on being patient than actually solving the puzzle.,1
 this is the best puzzle game i've ever played. so sad the newest updated was 4 years ago. i hope you see my review martin because i love playing this game so much like back when i was high school,1
 best and super game easy but mazes are cool awesome graphic and design easy to control making the level and playing is more fun.,1
 i like how you don't use any ads to make money. i love this game it has a very cute robot and very good puzzles. i can't pay but still i want to support by rating this wonderful app.,1
 love this game the music is cool thanks  the graphics  are cool the levels are the best   we can make our own levels l played this game for about 3 days but it all started again l had to play all levels again unfair dude l wasted my 3 days dude so unfair,1
 this is the second time i have gone through this game and it was just as fun the second time. fantastic game. graphics are great and it is just challenging enough. one of the best games i have played!,1
 it is really a very nice brain exercise game to play at anytime and it's background music is also very soothing. i loved it !!,1
 nice puzzles. controls are a bit problematic on some levels but overall a great game!,1
 really challenging puzzles with eye soothing graphics. a unique blend of gameplay and graphics i must say.,1
 intriguing and challenging level design. makes you think and is very calming. best game i have played so far.,1
 this game is awesome! it lets your imagination run wild as well as inspiring others to use their creativity! its fun to make and play puzzling levels in this game so that is why i gave it 5 stars.,1
 i love this game vry much bcz it not only gives us levels to play but also the chance to make our own levels . it's so much fun to make our own levels.,1
 fun and gets you to think. after the first puzzle  i was thinking this will get old real fast. it was too easy. now i find myself wanting hints,1
 it's one the best game i have ever played..thanks to the creator for such a simple but tough game. loved the game for being a stress buster. makes me feel calm..at last  i wanna say that this game is one of it's kind.,1
 cutest and most challenging puzzle game i have played. definitely not like the rest. great job devs!,1
 i love this game. this is not a adventire game but yes it's a ouzzled game. must try once u r mind will blow up finding the way for bot. u can also build u r own level with ouzzle and also u can share it with freinds and give them a try to solve it.,1
 perfect balance of fun and puzzling! the little robot guy is cute and each puzzle works my brain in a different way. absolutely love it,1
 it was a fun and super interesting game!! i would really suggest it for anyone. the music and sound effects are really peaceful too!! loved it,1
 if you like monument valley  give this a go. it's not quite the same  but the relaxing atmosphere and puzzle gameplay bring back the kind of feeling mv had.,1
 thank you martin magni  i really loved this game. it's a puzzled 3d game a lot of entertainment. also you can make your own puzzles and share with your friends. good job!,1
 simple gameplay but great fun if you like puzzles. some of the levels still elude me.,1
 this game will expand a child's spatial intelligence and logic in solving 3-dimensional puzzles. i highly recommend it.,1
 game is amazing  but upmill battle is broken. robot turn right does not go through the doorway and spins around in an infinite loop.,0
 this is definitely an excellent game. but it has to improve a bit more to earn its 5th star. some levels of this game requires some specific camera angle. but i don't get them,1
 it is the best game that i played ever . it is the best game that is playable easily . the graphic of this game is so fluent and fine .the developer is good for making easy and mind logical game . it is the game that you play but not like addict . it some part are addictable.,1
 very nice game i feel so happy to play this game there are many levels in this game and some are difficult summer easy but it is interesting every level is interesting you will feel so happy to play this game right at least tried once,1
 love it but hate you have to pay for hints and i dont have any more things left is too hard of this gets fixed will do and if u make a good lvl that u can finish it would be great if a new lvl unlocjee!,0
 my son loved this game so do i. this is a brilliant job. and there is no ads which is wonderful. i hope the creator keeps up doing nice games like this. very recommended!,1
 one of the best  cutest  simplest yet hardest puzzle games i've ever played. so simple and addicting! must try,1
 this is a great game. the robot is the cutest little thing. having a great time figuring out the puzzles. just right for when i have a few minutes to relax. thanks.,1
 this game is unbelievably amazing. good controls. amazing graphics. relaxing soundtracks.,1
 delightfully innovative  getting more challenging as you go on  but also more interesting. kudos for the developer!,1
 i give it four...it's a great game... awesome graphics but there are no instructions to guide you and in build mode u can't even do anything......,1
 it's a very excellent game in this format. and one thing is very surprise for me i make our many puzzle in this game. it's a low mb offline puzzle game. so why are you waiting . just download it.,1
 such wonderful puzzles & so beautiful to look at & the little robot so cute & full of personality. now i'm spoiled forever  i can't find another game that measures up!!,1
 a good logic based game  the levels are well thought and made  gradually the toughness inc  it's nice and brain tingling. good job and congrats to the developer and the team.,1
 it was fun playing it but it is just so sad that it only contains 50 stages +25 master stages it took me only 1 hour to finish it so i tried improve i want to give it 4 stars but 5 is better for mr. matin magini i hope you create more levels in this game and improve the character .may you create more games like this.,1
 i loved this game. the graphics is good the gameplay is simple and straight forward. the puzzles are amazing,1
 a brilliant puzzle game -- this is a fantastic and enjoyable game that will make you think  and think outside the box  too!! very highly recommended!! ,1
 beautiful game for almost all ages including my 5 year can play with little assistance. i can recommend for everyone to try it. great work to the creator.,1
 superb and cute game. dont get too confident. it may seems easy at first but as you progress it be more challenging. really good to play during those free time,1
 this is the best game but a problem is that you can't pass many levels and sometimes even the things that they are telling us to do . but overall in other things it's the best game,1
 this game is great but it's missing some options features. there is no way to turn off the music or sound effects.,0
 its an awesome games mind grooming game which is totally addless their are no adds poping up in this game which is more happening for me try it for free its worth it and it takes very less storage,1
 great thinking game. nice graphics and great mechanics. best puzzle  thinking game in the store at this moment.,1
 a great time killer and brain teaser game. also  the graphics is great and relaxing.,1
 amazing graphics despite the low space taken. addictive and brain teasing. the perfect game! bravo!,1
 this game is small but very powerful  each level of this game is challenging and interesting. i am giving five star not only for game but also for developers talent. very good.,1
 amazing it has eazy levels that get harder and are challenging building can be hard but when you finish the level it's worth it,1
 its quite interesting how it makes me think a lot. its not hard per say   but it definitely making my patience to work with. i like how i can make my own n share it with people too... kinda make me wonder how to be creative enough for this game too...,1
 great fun game to pass by the time and makes you think. finished all the levels. only shame that there arent more!! would love more levels!!,1
 best game ever. no ads  no fragmented game experience! you decide how much you pay for it  which means you can pay nothing  up to you.,1
 pretty good game and puzzles. i thought it was too easy at first until i got stuck. no ad's good fun and passes the time by nicely.,1
 it is very relaxing game. the best part is making our own levels but i think that all levels should be open at once,1
 very interesting puzzle game  simple and high quality graphics   quite addictive  i would highly recoomend this game if anyone is searching for puzzle game...,1
 one of the best game too get rid of boring lectures just gear up with controls and then its just perfect..,1
 actually i would give 1 out of 5. i give 3++ for graphics  that's almost 4. and one for asking pay   give support to developers   etc. i finished my 50 cards - thank you - had fun - good job. simply said.,1
 nice game it challenges our mind but im very sad that i can't pay.but i request the people who can pay please pay as this game is very beautiful and i try to make the levels by my own but it takes 2 to3 days and also has some mistakes so please pay and it is a very good game,1
 great graphics  imponderable gameplay. send you into buildings so you can't even see where you're going. idiotic.,0
 the gameplay is challenging and the fact that u can create ur own puzzles makes it outstanding  love it alot.,1
 this game is perfect for anyone who loves puzzle games. it is challenging  but still solvable. it looks cute too,1
 nice game. some parts can be challenging but not impossible. the music is calming and the robot is so cute.,1
 simple  small sized  best puzzle game ... plus you can also make your own levels which is super fun or play other user made levels by scanning their or code,1
 it was good this is the first geniune review im writing about a game  i love this game this game is addicting and you get to choose how much you pay or even play for free and even if you play it for free its not constatly shoving ads down my throat and the game is very instresting as well attention catching highly recommend it,1
 this is a well designed  fun game. the graphics are flawless and quite stylish. the game play is straightforward and easy to use.,1
 fun spacial puzzle game. some are quite straight forward  but others take some work to puzzle out.,0
 really enjoyed the game  and love when you finish a hard level and then the name of the level hits you.,1
 it's adorable. i love the art style and the character movements. the levels are nicely puzzled.,1
 i give it four stars because it's a amazing game i have been playing for about a week and the levels are really well made   i am having so much fun playing this in my free time . but i don't get hits   it says i have to pay for it...,1
 unique puzzle game. pretty easy so far  but still really fun. i liked the double layer maze.,1
 one of its kind! i can't believe i've played such an epic game. i don't know how many nights had martin spent in making this game.its only 5.4 mb! such cool graphics and controls! 50 levels of insanity !,1
 i love the game it small in but have great graphics and allows you to make your own levels.,1
 great interactive puzzles with moderate difficulty and it even has the option to build puzzles which is also a fun experience,1
 it's a really good game  me and my friends passed the all level without any tips and enjoyed the game. my frends also enjoyed this game ...the robot was very cute.all levels are interesting and harder.i feel happy because i passed all the levels,1
 nice graphics great idea and a very good implementation the custom levels make it much more enjoyable best thing is it's free and doesn't contain any ads,1
 it's really an interesting game. the developer has created really amazing puzzles to solve.i think everyone should try it.,1
 the best game i've played so far. i love the the design of puzzles and the robot. the robot is super cute! highly recommend!,1
 used to play this all the time with my 6-7 year old  then my phone broke. just came across it again  and my son is 9 yrs old now  and we both still love it! thank you!,1
 wonderful and challenging game all the levels are challenging. special mentions for level 29 'open sesame' was incredible level 46 'sarlacc pit' was out of my imagination,1
 hi dear developer. your game is cool and fun to play. but could you please adjust the way we view the obstacles like making it 360 degrees. not just sideways. thank you dear developer,1
 one of the best puzzle game although might be confusing and very time sensitive at later levels.,1
 really beautifully designed game.... boosts up your problem solving skill ( i think so).....very nice and tricky game. need your full attention while you are playing it,1
 lovely graphics  simple but fun gameplay and a cute little robot thing to play as. amazing game all round.,1
 great game. lots of fun. some levels are quite straightforward others are feindishly difficult to work out.,1
 it's awesome game... the complete exercise of brain.. i wish it would come to my knowledge in the lockdown days. one question.. why the hints are not available for free,0
 the game is good  in some stages it is difficult and challenging. it's recommended for puzzle games,1
 it's a simple game in terms of presentation but the puzzles are fun and intelligent. great game,1
 a really liked this game a lot!! i completed the game in three weeks it was hard but i did it . and i need more levels as soon as possible...very fun and enjoyable game !!,1
 this is an amazing mind blowing game with lots of puzzling levels and if thatbis not enough you can create you own. check it out. thanks to the developers.,1
 the simplicity of this game is top notch and u can even make ur own notes in every stage!! how awesome one can innovate their art is mind boggling!!! thanks for making this game mate,1
 the game is good...liked it but you should keep few hints for free...and you also need to give game poitns...as the level 19 is so tough we need to see the hints but the hints are paid so please keep some hints for free...or make game poitns which me help during games,0
 this game is cool! the puzzle  the graphic  the character and other stuff is amazing!!! and always make me laugh everytime i died and yeah love this game! ,1
 i wish there was an option to disable bgm. i couldn't play because the music sounds glitched and gives me terrible anxiety.,0
 excellant game......the concept is simple yet challenging ...... the game is spotless till now...full marks....would add recommendation after completion,1
 simply wonderfull. keeping brain engaged. loved it. crossed all level. eagerly waiting for the new challenging levels.,1
 loved the concept and the simplicity is its greatest plus point. addictive and lovable and the thing of editing our own level is what makes me play this game more further...,1
 great game  but there should be a fast mode or less time consuming mode in which the robot appears where pressed cuz it takes up a lot of time sometimes,0
 the app is really good. it doesn't lag. no ads. levels are awesome. a level passed feels like you're a little less of a disappointment to your family.,1
 super awesome concept  nice graphics  crazy animations  but we can rotate only on x axis if we can rotate y axis too  it will be better....,0
 very exiciting game.but the control is little bit problematic the graphics always facing in a certain angle otherwise very addictive game.,0
 honesty  an amazing game. the graphics are quiet good  for a puzzle game of this kind. it pushes ur mind well enough to enjoy it.,1
 the game overall is amazing and it really is a good puzzle game sometimes it's hard sometimes it's not but still the game is one of my favourites,1
 seriously  this is a fun  creative game that does not inundate you with advertisements  unlike 99% of other games. it is well worth a voluntary donation!,1
 very good and the graphics are good too. i will install every game you make it's not a puzzle game. it makes me rage a little bit,1
 simply amazing  highly relaxing and makes you use your brain as well. i love it. best thing of all  it's free  and i definitely would encourage you to donate to this developer.,1
 awesome game! this is the best game i have played on android. grphics and controls are excellent! the concept of the game is another thing to admire,1
 easy to play  enjoyable to play  a game for everyone  you did a great job on everything  thank you for the developement  even better is  you gave people a choice on value  i cant right now but will donate for this app,1
 challenging. creative. exciting. i completed all the levels or cards. even played all external card from social networks. this is one of my top favourite games.,1
 what a wonderful game it is! this game's getting into my mind and is brain tickiling . i thank mr martin magni for such a wonderful game. we can also create our own levels for our standards . i play this everyday and haven't got bored yet. salute to you martin!,1
 it's definitely better than many large games and one of my favourite game decent graphic amazing puzzle time pass with excitement in less than 10 me unbelievable,1
 hi martin mangi your games are amazing and even this one but could you update and add a feature where we can send our levels to public and play other levels it would be really cool,1
 cute time killer but the music and buzzy noise gives me a headache i don't know how everyone can call it relaxing and soothing. glad i could mute the music and sounds,1
 nice game. simple and challenging. hoping some more levels in the future. need to uninstall because i already finished it. but its a nice game overall,1
 very good app controls is the best part!! i love this game because you can't get enough and if you finish the game you can still go on twitter/facebook to get more and it take so little space it's unbelievable!!,1
 this game is so adictive  it gave me more courage to porsue to the next level  every level of the puzzle gives me more excitement. cant wait to the next version.!,1
 good puzzle app  but it constantly nags you to pay  and it has some issues when directing the robot  but otherwise it's okay.,1
 very nice puzzle game. i like the graphics. you have to go from point a to point b. can be challenging from time to time.,1
 the puzzles are very good and difficult.i can't find out away to finish the 19th level.the graphics are also good .,1
 so   now the game is going to be made in big size . u r requested to keep it in small size (we ) . at last   i had been trying to fill up all the levels that were not fulfilled...!,1
 please please please ... bring more stuff in the game... its so nice... the feature where you can make your own level is amazing... (i even made a car). this game is sooooooo... amazing,1
 it is the best relaxing puzzling game in play store . music is awsome and visuals are pretty good .one should try this game definitely.,1
 best puzzle game ever! great simple game with great graphics and level. good job  martin!,1
 the puzzles are challenging but you still want to solve it. it takes up very little space . i love how you can create your own levels.,1
 this game i mean you can't be more satisfied than this game it's some 6 mb game which can beat most puzzle even if they take up 50mb space the graphics are really worth a try the gameplay is simple but attractive and also the robot is soo cute...,1
 this is one of the best puzzle games i have ever played   if i would pay to this game i would pay 30 egp (i am from egypt) but i dont buy games so i gave it a big review!,1
 cool game awsome levels etc..i rated this with 4 stars cuz the levels are kinda hard for me.i needed 10 minutes to complete the first level.,1
 this game is so fun as it is quite challenging. it's like some brain booster. also  the character is so cute as it walks.. love it.,1
 it's an wonderful game. it has that enigma of innocence in its tapping the character of the game. i love it personally. i recommend you to try this.,1
 awesome game  it's good to play. it gives excercise to brain! i loved playing this game and recommend others as well. keep updating this game  i want to see it's updated version too,1
 game is good  concept is good  but controls are bad and no option to change angle  frame revolve only in one direction,1
 this is the best game i had ever palyed in my whole life  those animations and graphics are awesome....i don't have more words to explain it....thank you martin magni for mekorama...!,1
 loving it so far ,1
 an amazing puzzle! looks lovely  interface is really nice! i don't know how he manages to design the puzzles  very ingenious indeed.,1
 overall fantastic game  just that add the option to turn off the background music.,1
 best game l ever seen if you want best puzzle games this is the number one game you should try this at least one time this game has no problems and the game qualities very good the character is very cute i love this character and even you can make your own labels this game has so many levels also,1
 it is very good puzzle game.according to me the person who created puzzles in this game is genius and i can't imagine what thoughts he had to create this game.i am expecting more games from this company. everyone must try this game.,1
 loved it. very detailed and the music is very soothing. it changes with your touch.,1
 thanks martin!!! i would definitly supoort you  but i can't. thanks for such a wonderful game. how did you manage to uphold everything in such a small size? graphics is amazing.,1
 one of the most beautiful puzzle game i ever played. the graphics are good. the one that i liked most about this game is that we can make our own levels  which is so good. great work developers,1
 this is the perfect game for anyone with adhd. it requires focus  concentration  memory  and determination to refuse defeat!,1
 very fun puzzle game with no adds and the creator only asks for donations. really awesome! great ui and easy controls!,1
 i am really enjoying this game and all its levels i am impressed with the user built mazes. they are amazing and hust as challenging as the ones in the game.,1
 this is a game that's stimulate you to keep thinking and you also can create your own levels and challenge your friends  it's really awesome.,1
 the game is fully considered towards brain i like it very much because it is very east to controls. no bugs thanks to the the devolper team for a such noce creation,1
 i can not pay you for hints  the game is beautifully made but i got stuck and deleted the game. i would like to see an ad instead of paying.,1
 best puzzle game ever. this is very uncommon game and you can create your own new levels.,1
 i absolutely love this game! it's completely fresh and new! relaxing music. helps me relieve stress by keeping my mind occupied. encore!,1
 very nice 3d puzzle. it's not stressing and include many brain challenges. it's a great timr killer.,1
 great mobile game  perfect for playing when you're bored for some time but dont put a lot of effort into. exemplifies the spirit of mobile games.,1
 such an amazing game with beautiful & very impressive graphics at such low mb. i gotta say this is 'the' best classic game i ever played. really exciting & funny game. kudos to the developers.,1
 physics are too slippery and the ai seems to be weak  most of the time the robot just falls off over simple things like walking over another robot or standing on a moving block.,1
 camera controls can be a little annoying at times but it is a super fun  relaxing puzzle game,1
 i like the game.it is fun and awesome.sometimes the levels can be puzzle but as for me i can think out the solution just in a sec.i give this game 5 stars because it reminds me of captain toad on the nintendo wii u,1
 noice game good puzzles  but the level editor could do with a tutorial explaining how to use it properly.,1
 one of the best games i have played. would appreciate addition of some new blocks to build which can promote new mechanics to play.,1
 its the cutest game and so so so lovely game amazing mind blowing i hope it has infinite level thank you so much. graphics n controls all are superb.,1
 very good game to play.we have to run our brain in all levels i cant complete all levels but not impossible.too easu levels in bigning but when we complete 6 7 levels then the real game starts,1
 excellent game  good mix of easy and difficult levels  very imaginative   beautiful graphics.,1
 super game ever played like this that too without add very very fun game and also time pass game . i like the robot its funny  this game can played all age groups very very wonderful game i like meet game creator very wonderful brains he has . but thanks for creating such a beautiful game .,1
 great puzzle game  no ads and free. very chill music. it's a piece of art.,0
 one of the most satisfying games to play with so many great levels to go through. the little bot is just too adorable!,0
 this is worth playing its not so simple but fun to play i have completed all the level nearly! and its really a good game!! it's kinda puzzle and make you think alot!,0
 this is one of the best puzzle apps i've ever played. my only problem is big fingers  small screen.,0
 simple but so addicting and creative... give yo the multiple options... you can play puzzles and make puzzle and share the puzzle you make with your friends that havr the game so they can try and solve it and visa versa.. amazing game,0
 i usually never stick to such games but really this mobile game turned me to complete all the levels. i really salute the creator who made this mind blowing game that we really needed. i hope martin magni would update and create more such amazing games.,0
 wow   what an game  thare are lots of levels sometime they are hard or some time the are esey  i love that game and   i am complet all story levels thats hard some time then i use hints for win that . thats nice game ever and one thing about that game thare are ultra graphics   beacause i like most i request you ............. try that game one time .,0
 best arcade puzzle game i have ever played ! thanks to the developers for not putting any ads to the game at all ! i am really enjoying it !,0
 it's one of the best game made for android i have been searching for.the graphics and the gameplay is awesome.the gameplay is also smooth.it' surely worth.,0
 great graphic logical and i think a best game to play in free time... n the most important thing is no adds.. n we also can create a game.. just woow,0
 exceptional design  beautifully executed. and the create options describes how skilled the creater of the stages is. good game.,0
 i love this game. this game was so good for everyone. also this game was have a separated fan base. i want some extra level's of this game & thank you playstore to upload this game in your app. i like it & also loved it. i hope that developers are gift some extra level's. <3,0
 very interesting game....a good puzzle..riles up the mind...brain stimulant plus the background music is calming u could play the game for long periods.,0
 after a long time found a good game worth my time. no add just pure good gameplay. i love this. keep up the work. the world needs more people like you. awesome!!!,0
 so far a fun game but it's kinda ridiculous that you have to pay for hints. you should at least be able to watch an ad like every other game on here.,0
 one of the best leisure games i ever played. relaxes your mind & body. stress management at its best.,0
 best game and best time killer  also there are 50 puzzle levels to solve  i wish they add more levels in this game  great game must try,0
 nice game for now and again  and the purchasing model is excellent. however the game comes with more trackers than i'd like to see.,0
 at first  i really thought that this game would be bad. but when i tried it  i changed my mind. the game is not only entertaining but it also trains our mind to think. also  the little robot is really cute. uwu,0
 cute and perfect! the gameplay is so awesome. its just amazing. love the graphics and the puzzles,0
 this is the first game i've ever written a review for. while that is a lot in itself  this game has so much more to offer than what you would expect  seeing its size. the option to create levels of your own is an added plus point. all in all  this is worth a download.,0
 very cute and entertaining game  the art style and level design is very unique as well as enjoyable.,0
 great game  hats off to the developer for such a beautiful graphics and smooth gameplay. by the way which game engine did you use? like unity or unreal engine or what?,0
 great graphics and game. so far  all fans of mekorama are still waiting for updates...it's been a few years now and no news from the developer. hope there will be new updates coming soon after so long.,0
 so nice game. it needs both time and brain. i just love to play it. there are master cards which are quite hard.,0
 i love how the levels are simple yet you have to put thought into them  then the complicated ones have the easiest solution.,0
 very good game but please add a feature of ending the game when you are zapped  i want to create a surving game; you are in a place with zapped bots and in the other side  a robot is in his way to the win.but when you are zapped the other robot continues his trip and you can easily win...,0
 for a long time i was thinking that should i download it or not i thought it is a vr and a building game so i thought no but then i thought let finally download it after playing sometime i got to know that it is a very nice game and creative also i really liked it.,0
 the game was really awesome low on mbs but high graphics make more games like mekoram but in different places and defrent actors'you now this is my first time giving a game 4stars i usually give all games 3 star because of mbs and graphics you are the first people to be give 4stars by me make more games like that but with vehicles and others,0
 relaxing and stimulating puzzle game.well deserved of the praise and the accolades and ads on google play. and free/pay what you want. a true designer with the players at heart.,0
 truely love it.. i love to create levels more than to play the levels.great timepass . i would say it is light weight but heavy calliber,0
 challenging  fun  great graphics and game physics. all round great puzzle game.,0
 i complete all levels of dis game ...this game really cool ...all puzzles are not similar.....some are difficult sometimes i search in u tude for solving problems ...at last this is the best game ...i really enjoyed,0
 absolutely amazing. the riddles they are just fun to clear but i still firmly believe that the rotation around the axis must be free just 4 positiones are insufficient,0
 hmmmm....ok...i like the game the robot is cute but like....i wish that the controls were like the odd bot out game and yeah im not a big fan of this... but i added more than 1 stars cause the robot actually has arms and in 3d...,0
 this game is soo f***ing hard!!! i can't do this the level difficulty is going higher to imposible i can't do the ballance one it's soo f***ing hard i can't do this i'm out i can't do this my brain is gonna oof if i do this ohh man i'm rlly mad and stressed pay to win is sucks and i don't want to spend my money anymore i apologise cuz the higher level u get the higher difficulty as well i apologise and i can't do this i gave it 3 star which is kinda weird but not funny this fuzzle is hell!,0
 good game for timepass. amazing puzzles. loved it. increase the number of puzzles  and make it endless.,0
 this game is very amazing and you need mind thinking to pass the stage ( the perfect mind in healthy body ) thanks for making the game for free . if i could pay ipay 20 euros,0
 nice game.i truly love puzzle games. it's graphics are very nice. and i was shocked when i got to know that it all was made by only one person!!. once again nice game  sulphur hydroxide,0
 the various levels are immensely challenging and fun. this is one of my favorite puzzle games.,0
 this game is perfect  original concept  cute  has no annoying ads and challenging puzzles.,0
 l love it  you can create and play but one thing is that l want more space like l do not like it that it keeps talling me "max space" and l will never like you or follow you!!! fix it now!!! and did you now that l am 9 years old!!! not cool!!! and find out what this means ( ),0
 a great puzzle game  that allows you to make your own levels to give to your friends so they can beat them! if you have friends.,0
 great game loved it great controls great graphics!  i played it with my dad he said it was a cool game seirously greatest game i ever saw on appstore though it helps you with your brain it helps you solve puzzelz faster  thank you martin magni btw your a great dev,1
 super fun and relaxing. perfect for the short  refreshing breaks i need to take between work. thanks to the creators for making this game.,1
 its amazing... i like the interface.. its pretty smooth and the the graphics looks great as well.. yet the game size is small,1
 when i saw this game was 5mb i thought it was nonsense but i gave it a chance. long story short this game is alright but the producers should add more levels. thanks,1
 really a great game no annoying ads compact size good graphics.... just a great game and concept!!!!,1
 amazing game. it really challenges your mind. the best part is there are no ads but you are free to pay as little as you want to the developers.,1
 its great game and the sound of this game is amazing and levels are well designed and i also love the option to create your own level. this game this is the most relaxing game i have ever played,1
 love it. this is the best puzzle i played  hoping for more puzzles like mekorama. god bless ya'll and even recommended this to friends  i told them this game teaches life lessons too,1
 best ever puzzle and logical game on play store  i ever came across. smooth control  beautiful graphics and intensive game play.,1
 i love a game just like this and if i had 3.99 to buy it i absolutely would. this is both challenging and fun. thank you for creating it!,1
 ok-ish game. similar to monument valley. but this never goes near it. still  a lightweight puzzle one  i don't think all are going to like. playable,1
 best game ever tried ! the graphics   the systems are so good! overall the colors combination is so cute ! the characters play are so cute,1
 this is a very good app which connects with our brain and makes it understand throughout the whole level  and there isn't even any ads so this is kinda the best 5mb game i've every played i love it woo much thanks developers,1
 fun and amazing. the creator has put in a lot of effort and the attention to detail is amazing. puzzles are challenging too!,1
 its really very nice sweet game.the puzzles require your mind to think in unique and creative ways. i am really enjoying this game.also there are no ads.,1
 it's really good game. addictive  great graphics  easy play  easy control.,1
 funny character  simple mechanic  nice audio well color  look so easy but is f***** midblowing  well good job for dev. for the next  dev should take a place background update!  and mekorama still no ads,1
 amazing game. i love the music  the main character is simply charming. its hard not to love. also  there aren't many adds.,1
 very good game  but the tasks are too tough  and nearly impossible to complete. i thank martin magni for creating such good game  keep on creating such games all the best..,1
 much entertaining and relaxing game. all levels are different and useful for good exercise & test of our brain... keep upgrading..great,1
 completed this game 2 times. once in 2016 and again in 2020. the second time i completed this game in one go in few hours. really awesome game.,1
 tougher than you think at times! whip through some levels but others can be very challenging. cute lil bot. well thought out physics. get it! totally recommended!,1
 owsm game....... you must have to observe the given structure strictly and force your brain to think agin and again....to complete some levels ......but its simple.... thanks... martin sir for offering such a interesting game,1
 super game  super graphics  super &simple music. n the robot is really soo cute  specially the way he walks. its like a small baby .,1
 the game is good but it happens that the robot clips outside of the playing area to walk outside of bounds. is that a bug or placed on purpose?,1
 such a cool game. the music is definately a plus. it's soothing and a nice game if you want to play in leisure to relax.,1
 this game is so cool! love the challenging levels  gets more difficult as you go  but not impossible. great game!,1
 absolutely my favorite game. no other game makes me wanna play it once after couple of months. i'm currently a student nowso sorry i can support this game by pay  but i hope you guys know that this game is really make my life  i mean this little robot is soooocute (sorry)and the sound  love it.,1
 great game  i had this years ago on my ipod. the only thing i hate is how i sometimes try to move a block and the screen moves.,1
 the game is just awasme. i have enjoyed this game very much. the levels are not so easy   but thy are not too hard to compleat. the game is perfect for me.,1
 this is so wholesome and cute and such a good mind game..! i love it so much! keep up the good work! i'm also sorry that i can't support by paying so i hope this is enough.. btw- best game ever!,1
 dear martin mangi sir  thank you for giving us a wonderful game. i use more time for making levels. mekorama is one the games that living long in my device. thank you for all.,1
 its an amazing creative game but the controls not so much and theres only low amount of blocks maybe add more to make it more colorful and alot creative,1
 i love this game but i think it needs to spice up a little bit. i think it needs multiplayer and dinffrent colors like green pink blue and yellow.,1
 a light simple and brilliant game. this game is ideal for anyone who wants to work on their logical or cognitive abilities.,1
 great puzzle game  very unique. player can make their own level n share it with each other.,1
 lovely game. very relaxing and visually cute puzzle game. such a pleasant surprise to play a game where adverts and premium currency are not rammed down your throat.,1
 it is the best that puzzle games has to offer in less than 6 mb you get beautiful and clean graphics and challenging levels. one of the best time killer,1
 love the game so much  thank you so much for making this. the one thing that is bad is when you need to move the right turning robot through a house with a snaking path.,1
 this game is frustratingly awesome.. some levels are easy then some ...damn!! to pass the time in boring meetings is fun!!,1
 i hope you may make another game but it's better from all games and we wish that you can do it in mekorama there is very simple equation and also very difficult solution which make a time of an 5 min by the way i like mmekorama it's not have much mb like another i like it thanks for this game,1
 ultimate game i ever played  developer is a crazy guy... good job!! i never wrote a review in my life. no adds nothing you can only pay if you like the game. i love the game.,1
 this is very creative. its so interesting to find your way to the end  thinking up routes and others. i will give this more than 5 stars. it's well earned,1
 the developer's games are always a pleasure to play through. no bugs or constant ads. would love to see more games like this on the market.,1
 love from india it will be fun add building that destroys after stepping on it make trampoline block that allows to jump make bomb that blasts add new green bot that gives a key to unlock a door make cannon please it is still boring add more colours fun music bocks. thanks,1
 wow  i really love this game. it builds and increases my technical thinking capacity which is very helpful because i'm an engineering student.,1
 this is the best puzzle game i have ever played. each level requires you to be creative and think out of the box. absolutely loved every minute of this fantastic game.,1
 this is a good game. it also exercises you mind. those who have patience they can easily complete the levels.,1
 amazing game i ever play thank you so much for creating such kind of game... but there is one problem there is no other new card left if you can bring new card on future updates i am really grateful... review from my side,1
 can't help but mention a favorable comparison to monument valley. it has similar game play  but different enough to make it all shiny new for me. i like it.,1
 this game is too good  for the gamers. this take time to understand the levels... graphics are a great attraction to us...,1
 fantastic game   superb   innovative   futuristic  i luv this game   thanks a lot to the makers of this game  technically fabulous   3d graphics are great   and the walking of tiny one eyed robot is very funny and pleasant,1
 mekorama ,1
 awesome game ........... *100 i was finding games to play   then i see mekorama. i think that it is somewhat only 10 mb games . i just try it to play these games experience. when i play  it is awesome than i think.,1
 amazing graphics genius game design nice story line smooth control can be played without spending anything and my favorite game what a thought?,1
 i like it cz it's a unique puzzle game. only 1 thing i don't like it's background music.... it makes me irritate... i suggest to put some melody music,1
 good game like monument valley but in this game you stuck sometimes and you need hints to end the level. it's entertaining and puzzle game.,1
 i like it a lot. very simple control and very good brain exercise. the "build own maze " idea and then qr code sharing is even more awesome,1
 its an awesome game and the option to create your own level is something new which cant be seen in any of the game its intresting it also aquires less space and i liked this game,1
 beautiful game anyone will enjoy ,1
 if you love puzzle i highly recommend this game. this is a perfect puzzle game. the creator has put so much effort into crafting such an amazing experience! well done,1
 very fun and unique. after playing fancade and loving it  i thought i'd try this out  and this is just amazing. keep up the great work magni!,1
 awesome game. clean graphics. smart game play. excellent to challenge one's mind. going to donate as soon as i can.,1
 one of the most interesting game i have ever played. a creative concept with an interesting character. i really advice you to play it  or at least try.,1
 this app is really good! however  it'd be better if there were free hints instead of paying for them overall  the app was good and could you please make the odd bot out free?,1
 this is a very good game   this is very logical and brain booster every one should play it and best thing is the graphics they are very good and easy to understand,1
 really enjoying the game   thought o no just another simple puzzle ..but you really do have to think and plan your steps .,1
 i give u all full star becuase you have satisfied my needs  especially building ur own map and posting it in facebook and twitter to make play with friends. i do not have money but! i will tell my brother to pay price 6 for this app.. and yea.. he plays this game aloottt  dont tell him that lol. keep up the good work mister ;),1
 very calming and gripping game. i love how simple the features are. the graphics are chic.,0
 very nice! good gameplay  music  concept & graphics (pleasant on the eyes).,0
 the experience in the game is so nice that is finding right path through noticing fixing and by concentration.so in my opinion this is a well developed game as well as an enjoying game.,0
 this is a best game which i have found under 5mb. this is very interesting game. i love it and it's backgrown music is wonderfull. this game has very excellently graphics.,0
 this game is amazing it's so peaceful and i love the little bot. and the music is calming and the graphics are actually pretty good to  they fit the aesthetic of the game,0
 amazing game great concept enad amazing visuals can keep anyone entertained for houra figuring out each puzzle world. if you are looking dor something different 100% five this game a go.,0
 very nice game. offline and low mb but interesting. awsome puzzle game. i like most and you create in ur style of level. it was awesome features.,0
 this is the best puzzle game. controls need a little more tweaking but rest everything is awesome. great job martin,0
 very good game. excellent graphics and user interface. enjoyed each levels . we want more game like this,0
 absolute game for time pass. if you're looking for a puzzle game  then download it without wasting time.,0
 one of the best game i have ever played on android. do download. it's addictive and makes you think a lot. it's hard but isn't impossible to play. kudos to the maker.,0
 i love these little guys....i love the way their little arms fly up and down. it's fun to direct them around the maze. sure makes my rain work. good strategy game,0
 this is the best game ever like  there are no ads  super smooth  super fun to play  and its good for all ages! omg this is the best game i ever downloaded in my phone.. salamat sa paggawang laro na ito..,0
 this is a great game to play this game test all your skill like timing  patience   intelligence etc . i had never expected 5 mb game to be this much fun fully satisfied with the game. waiting for more lavel to be added. great work.,0
 a very good game in only some mbs..awesome game..great that its free and doesn't have any ads..but really the developer deserves ..so add some ads that the developer can also get the benefits for his great job..,0
 it's really an amazing mind boosting game.the grafics are good  only the problem is with the availablity of hint.,0
 very nice work done...but there should be view of 360. i mean the view should be from up and down also... i think you understand what i am trying to convey...,0
 great game! it's very beautiful and has fantastic sound design. you just have to try it for yourself. wonderful experience every time i play,0
 its too great increases your iq level if you are not short tempered play this game just want to say its a great game i gave it four stars because if we tap outside the puzzle the character fall down,0
 a game that puts your brain at work fun to play  i have unlocked all the levels except 2 levels  a simple but smart game,0
 i've played this before and it was such an interesting puzzle challenge game. i'm gr. 6 now  the last time i played this game was like gr. 2.,0
 dear martin  thank you for creating such a wonderful little game. it is a delight to play. may you create many more such wonderful games. best wishes  lots of love from india!,0
 this game is cool  i like the music and the character movements  makes very pleasant tone when ever tapped  surprisingly unique one.great game,0
 i loved this game a lot !!!! it has amazing graphics  fantastic physics and a cute robot.... this is a very good game and i recommend everyone to play this game....,0
 graphics is great and the puzzles are just cool too. a lovely game to play when relaxing.,0
 beautiful and fun game. the simplicity  no time limit and no adds make it a great distraction.,0
 this game is great since it challenges the mind and i love the reality of when you move a part of machinery with the character on it  he can go flying!,0
 woderful puzzles  great graphic interface  i lovs it  not too easy not too hard  i played till 13 level  its awesome. loved it  a must play game,0
 i believe this game is un-like most. the potential to make you think about your moves  and how you think with every day tasks is incredible. with out this game i might have committed suicide.,0
 wonderful crisp graphics  a range of simple and tricky teasers accompanied by a soothing ambient soundtrack.,0
 this is the best puzzle game i ever played in android. i have cleared all 50 levels as well levels (cards) from facebook page as well.,0
 like the application of problem solving theory in game. a an id this game inspires me to look at gamification with a different angle. would love to collaborate if possible!,0
 nice ux  old but fun to play! love the design  sound fx  animation. and level variation. keep it up,0
 very nice and addictive. quality is high  while the storage needed is low. great and mind warming game.,0
 i like the game very much.it need high thinking power for solving.it goes more harder as you go to higher level and don't forget to solve master level it is amazing.,0
 i just remebered something to my cousin he just downloaded so i just tryed to found it... so i just want to play the editor choice so... i found it im having fun so i love it and its old video game is played this... i loved... it.. thank you for chossing this thank you!,0
 very well it's a good game but after sum time it's difficulty level increases with the levels but over all a very good game.,0
 great graphics considering this is a mobile game. gameplay is super with the multiple levels. overall a great game. ,0
 the best game . awesome grafics and control. the best thing is that you can make your own levels. if steve jobs would have been a programmer  he would have made a game like this. i love this game.,0
 simple and awesome! i like these types of games. and yeah you can create your own levels in it which is just mind blowing. love this game,0
 its amazing game.. can't imagine how developer has created such a creative game in simple form. i like the feature of creating own card  its good to develop designing skills.,0
 a wonderful game that makes you think you  in a possible way to find a solution still the answer you get will be simple. this personally for me was a stress reliever. so please try it out.,0
 awesome addictive blocky puzzle game  with an amazing artstyle. perfect for killing some time!,0
 graphically pleasing  calming audio  cute characters  and surprising difficulty at times.,0
 nice  it's a very good puzzle for training your brain. it's simple  but fantastic. thank you,0
 great game  with really attractive colours and gets interesting as we complete each level. surely a brain twister,0
 excellent concept ... various puzzle games incorporated into one ... interactive engrossing ... not just a dumb play along but makes you use your brains as well as entertain you,0
 beautiful game with a steep learning curve. will have you scratching your head after a few levels.,0
 all the levels are amazing! i didn't expect if there would be many tricks to finish the puzzle,0
 very good app but very few levels. can you make mekorama 2 with same graphics etc. but with new levels,0
 this game is very well made has great logic nice graphics good controls&really challenging.,0
 very cute animation. surprisingly addictive! very creative idea. impressive creation mode and qr code system. love that it's pay what you want!,1
 one of the most simplistic well designed puzzle games i have ever played would highly recommend it.,1
 i played all your games and this is the best one yet.i love the graphics the sound the puzzles and everything on it. its also verry addictive. love this game so i'll rate it 5 stars,1
 this game has completely upgraded my version of a good game. it has very good graphics and very good smooth gameplay. 10/10 would recommend,1
 5 stars because its challenging and mind teaser also i like it because i can build my own levels also keep it up your the best puzzle game creator.,1
 fun game. great graphics. oh  and there's no ads! incredibly high quality for a free game.,1
 amazing game ...just love it . this game is very creative and innovative. if you are a puzzle lover i am sure that you'll absolutely like this game ... happy gaming..,1
 fun and great puzzle game. we can make our own puzzle. we can scan cards from twitter and facebook to get more levels.,1
 very entertaining game. challenging and fun. very well made and with great detail and sophistication. makes you think and be creative.,1
 this game is super relaxing and it would make you smile even if you are in a bad mood. everything look super good and the most fabulous thing is that there are no ads.,1
 it is a great puzzle game with a really high difficulty level . becomes irritating sometimes,1
 this is great game for minda and for time pass. it should have more than 50 levels. the developer should update the game with more levels.,1
 i liked this game. it is very intresting when u are free and thinking what to do . at that situation u can play this game and refresh your mind. it is a thinking game so you need to use your brain.,1
 this game is good by itself but to add a feature where you can make your own map ... how cool is that ?? kuddos for the maker and developer of this game,1
 it's good but wants money i hope you will help me out with it .other wise its superb i really like this game.if you will take out the money taking part from the game then it will help you out getting more stars........... see i help you in getting more stars and now i want that you should help me with it.......(not taking money from me not only me but from everyone)............ you know what i wrote this much big pragraph on rating any app the first time... because i love this game just u laked.,1
 awesome game   love the simplicity   but need more interactive environment   just a suggestion make a story line,1
 some levels doesnt work like its supposed to. some maneuvers can't go up and down or move sidewards. please fix the problem.,1
 nice game. makes you think. graphic is epic and music is also different than other games. and loved every thing about this game.,1
 this game is very fun because it's challenging in all levels and you can create your own level...this is amazing....,1
 the game is really fun  small and really challenging even the editor platform is good  the only thing i hate is that it has ads,1
 i really enjoyed the experience! the sounds  the feel  the puzzle. this is very similar to monument valley,1
 great game with progressive difficulty  the pay what you want system is great a it allows you to support the creaters of a game without getting ads forced on you,1
 even though its very less mb we can enjoy the game very well. this game improves the mind skills . i perfectly say that its a true game ... just support me and install the game.dont miss these type of games,1
 i really like this game. you can even create your own levels. i wish you could submit them so there could be more levels. it would be interesting to see what a community of designers could come up with.,1
 this game is perfect for killing your time at the same time  training your mind to be creative!! cool graohics too!! i wish the next update will add more tools for builing!!,1
 very relaxing game. however  due to my own status being a really  really  reaaaallly bad noob gamer  i got to level i cant push on  got frustrated and uninstalled.,1
 simple and logic game is so good thinking surprising every level unlocking good and simple experience .... love it .,1
 love it. good graphics. best payment method ive seen. paid for it just because of how the developer does it. great job. thank you.,1
 this is an very nice game tough levels which will make you to consider this game as the best the gameplay of the game is also very nice and the main lead makorama is very cute at all i love this game so much please download this game if you want something new but i want to say to developer that please make the game at all free don't make it pay,1
victor visser : games great,1
damian raghoonanan : pros: -great game to play. - easy controls. -nice cars to drive -drifting is awesome cons and things to maybe implement into the game : -sometime when drifting the car will lock up and swerve into the walls or fencing making you restart -the mission when it tells you to drive a specific car but you don't have it and forced to buy it when your coins is low is irritating at time -the mission to see if you completed them,0
siddiq 069 : this game is awesome. the controls are simple. i fell in love with the drift mechanics. everything is perfect. since this game has getting popular,1
atish ghosh : a great game! needs a bit of getting used to,1
iulian toma : awesome! the only bug that i experienced is that,1
nicholas wachon : this isn't just a phone game. this is a work of art. an amazing style that translates to both its location and vehicle design. gameplay is solid with nice nuances to master. one thing i would recommend for players to do is to turn off the ingame music and play music from your phone while in the game. that really adds to the roadtrip asthetic that the game conveys super well already. highly recommend.,0
mitchell davies : definitely worth downloading,1
carl linden : fantastic variety of classic cars! and not just the fast ones! my favorites are the trabant and 126p. names of the all the vehicles are very well thought through as well. if i had a complaint it's the music and perhaps the floaty camera that makes me a little nauseous,0
random person : it's nice and fun,1
j sherriff : the game is a very nice blend between modern and retro... and it plays well,1
corban woods : the game does everything it says it does and much more. every feature of the game is well thought out on how it interacts with the other aspects of the game making it a fun and casual game. you can play it casually whilst still being able to compete against others. one of the best free driving games on the play store,1
nuraeni : best driving game,1
sam arvy sayam : the game was fun but i found a bug on japan map wherein the record of distance and other stuff is not recorded. also the interface needs to be improve. overall its fun to play hoping to fix the bug immediately,0
djr99 : i love this game,1
alx propka : nice,1
luis robles : great game! but needs to be optimised for the s22 ultra. currently,0
levan shioshvili : i gave it 4 star because ,1
existence is pain : hello devs,1
nguyen huy : the game is beautifully designed in almost every ways,1
jason baron : update: yep,1
mychal green : i have never paid to remove ads before,1
matt : this is game has unique and stunning visuals and amaing gameplay,1
ismael chabs : the game is super basic but has a lovely art style. i would say that's the whole appeal of it,1
jesse bek : this is a very good quality game and i definitely recommend this. there is adds however and they do get annoying sontimes,0
mayank mehta : great artstyle which is equally complimented by great maps and chill music. the game is great for playing casually while listening to podcasts n stuff. also includes a wide array of cars to play with including cop cars,1
manvendra : nice game ,1
sunteeth the genderpunk : its good. nothing too groundbreaking but worthwhile. doesnt pester you with microtransactions,1
k zam : game is good. im finding it hard for braking though i just wish there was an option for a break button. but the art is superb,1
adil sewcharan : the steering is very annoying and doesn't make for an enjoyable run. other than that its good quality game that looks pretty slick.,1
saker alabas : love the game,1
jordan araujo : not your normal endless runner,0
tristan gamez : really good game ! a lot of cars from the 70s and that's change with other games who only have 90s jdm cars. the graphics are original and looks good. the maps number is ok and the control are easily to pickup. there's still things that can be improve or add,1
bowen m : very fun game,1
ked jules : i've been playing this little cuty for almost 2 year now,1
wafflez playz : over all,1
ildefonso rafael casas padilla : i updated my rating for this game to . i would definitely like to see more quests throughout the game. and instead of being rewarded vans,1
goodbinary : ok,1
malathi saravanapandian : this game has great graphics and controls. but a little harder to drive. also road tracks are super. this is a good game,1
franjo vranjkic : #drive is one of the best games in it's genre. my favorite part is the business model: pay once,1
random google user : very nice #drive ing game,1
aysha khanam : this game is absolutely awesome. i think i got blessed. i don't have word now.how amazing and cinematic game is this!!but it would be more epic if you give a update. and the update will be a mode where it is only mode for crash. i mean like zen mode pro cam mode beside these there will be crash mode it will only crash and make the road block)!,1
clint s. : (slava ukraini) (and poland,1
yevhen revko : awesome experience that resonates with the late '70s - mid '80s movies like the original gone in 60 seconds and early driver games. nice handling for an arcade game and awesome low-poly visuals,1
some guy : the game is nicely polished and looks stylish but it's the controls that makes it a 4 star but that just my own opinion. you developers need to add new cars and maybe game modes,1
cyan tasks : one of the very few games nowadays that don't focus on milking your wallet until its dry. nice attention to detail with the different types of food for differemt maps,1
gachaeli : fun arcade racing game. you drive as long as you can until you crash/run out of fuel. the cars look great,1
arfan maulana : this game's a really fun casual experience for people looking for an endless run kinda game. it has no frills,1
jason burleigh : really enjoyable and addicting little game! been playing a short time and already seem to have worked through most everything with the exception of car unlocks,1
tozo yozo : we have full 3d view access for photo in the game but,1
myla : controls are too hard to control. too easy to crash and have to start over. forced to watch too many long ads. uninstalled after less than an hour.,0
austin eudy : not bad,1
norris white : good game,1
non metallic : this game is a masterpiece. i have no problems with this game. amazing soundtracks,1
ara kazarian : amazing! please guys,1
sk nikhath : the controls are worst they need to improve the controls to drive the car the graphics are good but controls can make you anger while playing,0
joshua prasetya : it's actually quite fun and addictive. but there's an ad that we can't close it,1
jon harris : fun game. easy controls,1
v t chacko vilayappillil : really enjoying ur game ,1
marcus justin lim : this game is overall just amazing. one problem i've encountered is that i can't load into tofuyama after the latest update. i hope the devs look into this,0
sean marvin mendoza : the game is very good,1
eric lamoureux : cool little game & nice,1
duy ta xuan : game doesn't go past the first loading screen. this game used to be playable on lower-end devices,1
caleb comier : it's a good way to spend some fee time. the only thing is it can be annoying when you have to make sharp turns.,0
cosyhamster : now there is gamepad (controller) support because of the nintendo switch release. honestly,1
k.h -es 300 : i think it is realy fun to play,1
sulma humes : i like this game its good the graphics are awesome too keep up the good work!just a thought maybe u should add manual acceleration and the steering wheel it would really change the game so can u pls do that? thanks,1
zepazonda zephere : ok tapi obstacle dengan traffic tu annoying lah. depends on driving skills. arcade macam ni pun graphics mantap . this game has brought me back to the 80s,0
leon bernik : i like the easy controls and the art style. great game for when you dont know what to do.,1
avtomat : i mean,1
shefboii : the car randomly turns on its own sometimes n i get it's supposed to add a degree of difficulty to the game but it gets annoying still a fun game tho,1
amy bricknell : this is the best game i have ever played!!!!!it is amazing. i love the cars do you know that i have the monstertruck i love the tracks aswell. and its cool how you set it out. and it doesn't come of the phone!!!yaaaaaaaaay. so you get the point i like the game it is the best,1
sadness : awesome! even though its just a endless subwaysurfer type game with cars it feels different. im not a fan of top down cam but this ones cam angle is fun can u guys another camera mode pls?like a lil bit more closer to the car then it would be sooo fun to drift.,1
metalman690 : great little time waster that doesn't require internet connection. easy to pick up,1
anas akz : i give it 3 stars cuz it is laggy and it dont have butoons to drive with and we also can use the break once then after 5,1
barnabas daniel : very enjoyable and addictive game with great graphics...but how are we supposed to save our progress online? and please add a fullscreen feature,1
dawn eckelberry : love the game. tho it's really easy to lose control so making the roads a little bigger would help,1
mohamad ithar : so far so good. game is challenging and fun at the same time. just maybe the breaking cooldown should be faster,1
bigbear : i enjoy it but there's not enough roads to get and it takes too long to collect caps especially when you have to spend them on cars you don't even want just to complete one of the goals,0
angel kuilan : it's a really good game and i like how it's a little bit challenging because you got a lot going on. this game would be better if there was like a race mode or something like that.,1
ruben ramirez : easy controls,1
truckrobo147 : its really fun and it feels like the road would never end and it also has wonderful collection of cars and get them with bottle caps is a fun idea!,1
bokibashub : this game is very cool and a bit realistic.then you break,1
christopher rossler : cool game. name of the cars are super funny and always nod to some pop culture. hint to the devs. in german it's "der wagen" not "das wagen".,1
kaylen abuaqel : this is the best car game i have seen yet ngl. it is so easy to get money(caps) in this game and get new games. i would tell everbody to play this game emedently.,1
jack fagan : not a normal mobile game it's not a pay to play and adds are optional there is plenty to do and the art style is cool the devs add new content such as new cars and places to go evey so often. the game is basically you driving forward for as long as you can while collecting money and doing side quest and avoiding the cops every so often. the graphics are great and there is even a picture mode. the cars are all cool some even coming with special abilities such as cops won't chase you. good game.,0
andrey baste : i really like this game. attention to details is what buys me. music on the background,1
a.k. rebel : fantastic balance of appropriate humor,1
sir abhishek : i don't usually right reviews on play store but man is this game so good i had to right a review. the graphics are cartoony but in a good way...the sound tracks for each map are bangers. no unnecessary inapp purchase needed to progress. i have played lot of games both android and pc and this is in my opinion one the bests hands down,0
vivek jayan : fun game. love the art style and the care/attention to detail. car mechanics could've been a bit tighter. they feel a bit boat-like. but i guess that's the challenge. keep it up guys. your team's passion is very evident.,1
henry pettigrew : try as i might,1
masterchef : controls are simple but fun. the upgrade system takes some getting used to and confused me at first. progression is a little slow but speeds up as you level up. no technical problems. a fun game to just pick up and play for a few minutes.,0
carson williams : great game,1
milan milanzi : you won't get disappointed for sure. bit of repetition in the game [sounds & dialogue]. too many ads.,0
drasila rowaro : i love the graphics and the car but it's hard to play but i love it thank you so much,1
shashank k.g : even though it shows that i am linked with my account that has more progress..... but the problem is where is the progress!! it shows i am still level 1,0
abdul hasan : this game is really really fun but there alot of glitches,1
wyatt talbot : it is definitely interesting. no forced ads,1
jeffrey clement : cute game. nothing special. very arcade style. feels like a game from the arcade in the 90s.,1
writers crusaders : there's something wrong with this new update,0
jay kozatt : love it to bits! the game loop is addictive,1
youguang yi : thanks for the latest car update,1
dhruv karmakar : i used to play this game months back,1
tempo slapzy : it's a really good game it keeps me entertained and i like that it gets more challenging as difficult without even noticing till you almost crash lol,1
nathan fanning : good game but the brakes shouldn't be limited. also need to make it an open world chas be much better if you did,0
project redemption : fun game kind of hard to get use to. it also have tons of cars to buy and drive.,1
dre awofusi : it's smooth and engaging.. feels like you taking a ride in cities and having task to complete along the way ..,1
leonard rey chua : this game is a time killer and gameplay is beautiful may i suggest can you add more places like tokyo,1
wilczur : a really nice game with a lot of "classic" cars from many different countries and the game is still getting more stuff which is very nice,1
tyler burns : i love how even though they updated the game it still has the same classic music,1
robert rarrick : it takes some getting used to but the game overall it seems like a good game to play when i'm waiting for something and like waiting for my meal at mcdonald's type stuff,1
amirul daniel : this game are awesome but why i can't play at tofuyama because i stuck at loading screen ....can you fix this for all player .... i hope you can fix this problem,0
ostan5000 : this game has a lot of creativity put behind it. you can definitely tell that the people who made it have a great taste in cars!,1
matvey lopalo : best way to describe this game is,1
silas coelho : super fun,1
chris colburn : takes awhile to get new vehicles and levels. but still a fun game to pass time.,1
amigo junior : it a very nice game. helps you to drive but my problem is that the controls are too fast.,0
alexander de boer : driving mechanics are slow and sluggish,1
daniel haefemeyer : i think it is a fun game but it's very hard to drive and steer. plus is there a way to slow down,1
pocket punk : this game is great the style is amazing the cars are plemtiful and it has a lot of replayability,1
zain ranjha : good game,1
luka goshadze : love the physics. drifting feels nice. lovely artstyle. few adds. not pay to win. would be nice to add more wide corners for drifting on long distance and to increase drinfting bonus,0
lowo : zen mode,1
d sun : great game,1
mara : good controls. nice selection of cars to choose from.,1
ani goodness : cool game no it's a great game but make some improvements to the controls like tilting some of us actually like that,1
danilo okovic : it's a great game overall,1
fox crizone : it's nice to have a quality game for once. this should be the ads we get on youtube,1
flaming diamond master : #drive is a stuning game worth playing as long as you don't mind slowley progrestng thou cars and it's "postcard" idea is ok reastrant so you can unlock places a lot less qwicker and over all it's one of my best games (for the mobile or tablet if you are reading this on there)in my list,0
wayne corbitt : i love the new cars that keep gitting added to the pc version but do you think you could update the switch but still love the game,1
sapiderman lumpat : great fungky background vibe,1
ty sells : i like it. socks it didn't restore all my progress when i switched phones but it's still fun!,1
ymy 2577 : i like this game but one thing you need to setting.when i go to setting change control like it have drift.then,0
uriah miano : like,1
f4rish 1304 : best.easy controls and realistic.in next update could you customized car.,1
pars 99 : very very baaad it can not load the game stop at the start whay you guys don't fix this bug????,0
superbattle45 : the game is great it's will be amazing there more maps also when i try to play japan part it stuck at loading screen,0
tony gagliano : coolest game ever but you should really put some more car phisics like if i hit the wall with my car the bumper will fall of,1
huludet flavius a. : i like this game,1
munna asif : task which is given to complete level is not able to complete and no hints also,1
alberto giavani : used to play this a lot on my old phone,1
markos200 java : this game is really great there are so many things to do in this game ti hasn't any ads,1
albert calderon : i think it's a very interesting game and it keeps me motivated and happy to play more thank.,1
sheldon macquinto : very good game,1
camogap : to begin with,1
x-calibur : it's honestly not a bad game,1
nolawi engida : the best game ever but add a little more action overall love it . keep it up,1
kevin j. : wow... i think i watched 5 ads in less than 5 minutes bahaha. crazy! devs really want you to spend that $2.99. the controls we atrocious,1
john smith : been playing for 30 minutes,0
joseph pinter : sensitive driving and seems like lots to do,1
jesus cardona : the cleanest game ever but it could be a bit more interesting with a few things added like ramps,1
gerard patrice : very interesting game and take on racing/driving. i see the game is also on switch that's awesome,1
michael westen : so much effort and style. too bad it's full of typical mobile game bs,1
keith montgomery : i love this app because there are so many different types of vehicles to win. the game is easy to play with excellent graphics and lots of fine detail in the scenery. well done to the app devlopers.,1
nunya bidnis : play 20 seconds get 30 second ad. play 15 seconds crash another 20 second ad. ludicrous. uninstalled.,0
leaton wright : this game looks good,1
keith david opulencia : the game is great. the graphics are awesome. location-wise and car-wise,1
william elser : the game is somewhat fun but lacks depth. i unlocked the levels fairly quickly and found it easy to grind caps on the forest level so it wasnt long until i got the most expensive car. unfortunately this car feels almost the same as the car i started with. not very rewarding for the grinding. cops are ineffective and just stop following you after a short while. this game could use some alternate game modes and difficulty tweaks. i've pretty much stopped playing due to how repetitive it is.,1
constantina v. : finally,1
pixality dev : i remember seeing posta about this game on an indie dev facebook group. i couldn't wait to play it! now that i've had a chance to download and try it. i love it! it's lots of fun and the controls are great! sure they're hard for people nt used to the touch controls. but they're good,1
moaz malik : good game,1
tony west : the game is nicely put together & the graphic style is great & with the music & the voices captures the vibe of 70s movies well. however a casual game like this,1
mr. barrel : okay,1
amantacha 19 : i really love this game. the graphics are really nice,1
t. c. b. : #drive is a fun endless drive with small bonuses and challenges to complete. it has a fun style and there are a lot of cars to choose from,1
charles sieburg : amazing there are only a couple of very small things i would change. 1: i wish there was a way to completely downgrade grip. drifting is what makes this game amazing. 2: it wouldn't be that hard to a a "city" freeroam version where you can left or right as well as forward. they could totally charge for it,1
ck7a : best game ever,1
ryan greythorn : the game itself is paying a great homage to your childhood top-down racing game,1
barez barznji : i love this game,1
o j : this game is great and has few ads. the steering seems finicky at first,0
supratik deb : it's a nice game. the control takes a little time to get used to. suggestions - when i began playing,1
daniel : good casual driving fun. the visuals are stylised but not too cartoonish; the car handling is simple and arcadey but not so that there's no difference between all the cars; there's a nice selection of different cars and environments. all i hope for in future updates is more environments and i'd like some different passenger voices; not that i dislike the current one,1
ben crockford : this is one of my favourite games of all time. the graphics are amazing,1
brennan lyle : this is a pretty fun infinite-driving type of game where you have to dodge traffic,1
chinmay ghule : what a gorgeous game! i have nothing to say. this game is just pleasing to the eyes. if i really want to find a fault,1
rubied snoot : gotta say,1
ian palmer : great endless runner,1
ferraro's garage : this game is awesome,1
jesse stewart : this is easily the best "endless running" game (endless driving in this case) that i've played. each new car is fun and not too difficult to unlock. they all have great steering mechanics. and the customization of your vehicles is a neat feature. the graphics are also spot on for the type of game they're going for. 6 stars out of 5.,0
simon quattrone : the beginning stage/environment is ideal in terms of its difficulty,1
joe maina : 10/10. graphics are and physics are great and there are so much things to explore and maps. i recommend downloading this game. and there are many different types of cars. the bad thing is you need to grind alot. please add more modifications.and its not a pay to win game.the voice acting is great i love how they put so much effort into this game.,0
pentox : this is the first game that i leave a review on,1
charalampos papaioannou : for a quick and nice time spender,1
le leedler : this game is weird for me,1
jerome chavez : fun game. my only problems is that navigating in car selection is trash as i keep misclicking while using the arrow keys due to them being small and hard to touch. also,1
bruno volonteri : this is,1
aron : challenging and rewarding. i really like this game! the progression is pretty grindey,1
scott c. : this is one of those so called 'endless runner' games where you're not in complete control of your character (in this case,1
armani : it looks good,1
killerrabbitx : i've changed my mind about this game,1
amanda duncan : this game is a very fun infinite runner that you can pick up and play anytime,1
aniket debnath : i freaking love the game man. it's genuinely one of the games i've kept downloaded longest on my phone. i love the maps,1
ollie thomas : really good concept! once you start to get a feel for the controls it's really nice to play,1
shashank seth : excellent graphics. talking about the controls,1
eric e franco m : this game is sweet! it checks all the boxes. the #visuals are beautiful,1
ryan : (to me it is really a 4.5) i absolutely love this game. the soundtracks and voice acting are great,1
luke_425 : fun,1
akshay jumani : a very good game overall with a retro feel. i'd suggest that we get a seperate garage tab to purchase cars,1
no : 4.6 out of 5,1
neil caezar : amazing game,1
connor watkins : 5 star game for sure. the graphics are really nice and have a great polygonal style to them. it runs offline,1
twocheslch : great game for about 10 minutes. the list of cars is pretty expensive,1
marc russell : nice game with great graphics and sound gets a lot of updates,1
mohamed hussein : best f***ing game on the store! absolute beauty! not only the driving is great,1
ushnish saha : the game is excellent but there are some bugs which i came across while playing. the car selection method can be better. one suggestion: you can make a feature that if players touch the key they will find there car. the bug which i came across is that while find the cars,1
jerry jackson : i don't mind advertising in games,1
samarth khanna : i find this game extremely relaxing. i really love the idea of going on an endless journey with a calm but energetic and enthusiastic voice to accompany you. my only problem with the game is that i wish it had an "easy" mode or something to adjust the difficulty,1
zackary edinger : great throwback to racing games of the 90s. graphics are simple but have style. the selection of cars shows the developer knows their audience. a lot of people knock the controls but once you "get it" they're perfect. my complaint would be that sometimes buildings are generated in the middle of the road,0
daniel m : played the game for a few minutes and i'm not too impressed. a slider or motion turning would be much better; the car is difficult to control with buttons due to the mechanics of the game. graphics are okay but when you crash it's simple animations and it's boring and annoying. perhaps adding some health to the car and physics to the game would be a great improvement. smashing cars out of the way and seeing them go tumbling would be great.,0
mrshenanigans : don't see why this game has such high reviews. the controls are bad at best,0
james kanas : i absolutely love the 70's influence,1
ditiro shayi : kudos,1
goran ratkovic : such a great game,1
hiraya : great game but... maybe you could add some more features like missions,1
cody smith : the game as a lot of content from what i gather so far. and its a really solid timewaster when you're stuck somewhere. the ads arent too intrusive and you're able to pay to disable them which is nice. theres a decent collection of cars which makes me want to collect them all. there's multiple maps which is a must. i do wish there was more customization for the cars. you can change the cars colors but i wish you could tint your windows,0
dudemanbro 2006 : this game is amazing! its very fun and super addictive. the controls are easy to get used to and you can choose from 3 different control options. the tracks are all very neat to look at as well. there are also so many cars. and they are all awsome! the only thing is that mayby you can add music more like chase music. like from smokey and the bandit and movies like that. that would be amazing. but overall a superb game!,1
next project gaming : the handling is too difficult to manage. i've played most of the racing games including one on the consoles,1
hazmatbp : i love the amount of cars there are to choose from,1
tom : great game super chill wide range of cars and almost no ads,1
jayanth challa : the most lovable driving game. thank you for showing ukraine and show all other countries too.,1
use : whaff app : get iok doiiars : i have never lost a drive by missing fuel station. almost always that's because of hitting an other car. the police is also not any threat. on the other hand,0
david moore : fun game. small amount of ads (i mean that in a good way.) and thats all i really have to say about it,1
user anonymus : this is an incredible game,1
saurav allen : very well rounded endless runner! though the physics are a bit jarring but they are the defining characteristics of the game's dna and are easy to get used too. the scenery is eventful and the ui and other design elements are elegant. the cars and music are from the 90s and the game is theme based. definitely a good pastime. the progression rate is just right too!,1
danny wright : vary pleasing to look at and very litte ads. way more than i expected,1
robert chambers : it's been 20 minutes so far and the game is nice. only hang up is the whole braking situation. you have to give up steering to brake because you have to use both thumbs to brake. and the brakes only last for literally 1 second and then you cant use your brakes again for another 30 seconds or more. what's up with that? other than that,0
scratch83 : second review because the developer clearly didnt bother reading my last one before a default comment!!! i downloaded this terrible game on a brand new s21. each time i try to start the (cr)app it just gives me a black screen. complete waste of time,0
konstantin kiss : too many ads. game is solid,0
abhishek sharma : this game feels so good and cool at the same time. the music catches your brain . have to say it's lit.,1
pranab pant : with a surprising sense of speed despite a relatively low if consistent frame rate and turning a lot smoother than many other better-looking and better-tuned racers,1
samke mtshali : sorry i try playing you game but it keeps on crashing on my huawei y5 2018 lite how can i fix the issue i would give it a 5 star but i give it 2 for crashing,1
nemanja vladisavljev : awsome and fun game perfect for driving.,1
itzychismo : this is a good game but graphics need some work on and also i unlocked like 4 cars and i can't use them,0
ashish bhadauria : sure! this games looks and feel amazing. but i willl only point out downsides. 1. bit difficult 2. let the user engage with difficulty over time. 3. braking control bit odd,1
lee hermano : the game looks good,1
om ji maurya : gameplay is incredible whether it's regular or zen mode.graphics is beautiful and selection of cars is also good. controls are good enough but choice of control are somewhat lacking. overall it's really a great game and probably best endless racing game. you can feel that developer has really a good taste and artistic sense. a few improvement are needed in controls to make drifting a bit easier and add options for different camera angles. more control options and customised touch controls .,1
j rhodes : i've really been enjoying this game. the art style is what pulled me in and is really solid. the gameplay is easy to pick up abd has a decent learning curve. it feels great to get to drive a new car with more power,1
vishuv sethi : good graphics and smooth gameplay. i am liking it :) one - star for a bug : if you watch a video when you crash,1
samuel graczyk : very responsive,1
tom robinson : most driving games on android try to copy games from consoles and computers far more suited to the style than phones or tablets will ever be. drive does things differently and knowing the limitations of mobile gaming has made a thoroughly enjoyable game! i know some have complained about ads in the free version,1
hunter brown : really fun game to play,1
vince : i'm giving this 5 stars because i think it deserves over 100 million downloads,1
tactical baguette : i wasn't expecting much from this game but it's surprising how fun it is. it's similar to other endless runner games but with more freedom than swiping between 3 lanes. the car selection is very large with plenty of cars from the 70's and 80's,1
andrei scherer : overall an decent game. the game really does want you to crash though. i mean a narrow highway with pretty much no shoulder,1
caleb a. : amazing game. love the controller support.,1
ad : great graphics! funny commentary. and loved the fact you could throw donuts at the cops. also the car selection was awesome. i'm saving up to get the japanese delivery truck. awesome sound tracks from the moment the app loaded up. however,1
yvonne kunda : this game is horrible....i tried downloading this game x5 on different phones...yet wasting my time downloading it and data if you are downloading it cancel it and if you want to download it don't!,1
jason mergel : game is good but control sensitivity for the steering could be better,1
arlon waggoner : im loving this game there are so many cool cars alot of maps and diversity and i like the coolness button overall good game,1
kieran morgan : enjoyable game,1
ivan urban : great graphics,1
cosmic : game plays fantastic! once you get used to the controls and find your favourite car theres no stopping you. in the length of time i've played maybe an hour or two i've already unlocked another track and bought 3 of my favourite cars. i feel the mechanics and reward system are well balanced so far and with some minor tweaking will be perfect. collision detection seems fair and is defendant on what size vehicle you drive. the visuals,1
enrico carasco : please fix the tofuyama map. my progress is not being recorded.,0
vicente cierva jr : nice game dev,1
joao berlindo : i haven't played for a very long while but from what i've seen this is a very fun game for those looking to just drive off into the sunset but still needing to dodge a few things on their way,1
adrian p : great game,1
how2code group ltd. : wow! this game is all you will ever need. amazing graphics,1
anand kumar : has good drifting features and all,1
jak : great game for the porcelain throne. graphics are really very stylized and the cars look amazing. driving is tough to get the hang of at first,1
josef stout : some nice ideas but i quickly got bored having to start from the same point in every level,1
dhwanil chudgar : this game is super fun,1
slade nuyten : it's a nice game,1
unfoundable : its a great game good amount of cars the driving is kinda hard but it gets easy when you get used to it,1
travis ruetenik : another perfectly fun game ruined by an insurmountable mission. i've spent over an hour of gameplay time trying to achieve "to seconds of drift" and even changed the control mode,1
francois orsini : great graphics but the biggest issue are controls which can be finicky. offer a tilt control mode and add some drift and break buttons which is pretty standard. there is definitely some tiny lag when steering the car. dev should work on the controls as without great controls,0
dutch brother : great little game. tons of progression. friendly discord server. not all that many adds,0
jonatan edrik tanoto : great graphics,1
colten potts : really entertaining. it is very challenging and high quality. the variety of vehicles and maps lead to endless fun,1
ken esaga : i recommend adding sports cars and aesthetic cars to make the game more interesting,1
travis puariea : very very very very awesome game. 20/10. the art style,1
donathan : a fun little game with a cool aesthetic,1
take flight : fun game,1
alessandro thome : this game is one of the best mobile games i have ever seen. amazing controls,1
dkkl dicer : love it. art style is unique and the gameplay is pure fun. with a minimalist approach to the game,1
john krayeski : i love this game and play it on my phone and it works extremely well and it is a very good game and i strongly recommend it,1
nani 'bella' popper : the most laid-back test of wit & reflex i've experienced with a "true" arcade game yet. the simple,1
usama yousaf : i like the game because of it's graphics quality,1
craig h : horrible terrible controls. played for less than 2 minutes and frustration does not begin to describe the experience. just try to steer even a little bit and your vehicle goes out of control. i'm shocked at how quickly i decided to quit and uninstall this app. i don't want to call it a game because games are fun to play. this was not fun. i can't fathom how this app is trending so high. must have paid for the placement. anyway,0
grayson gillard : this game is one of the most beautiful,1
mateusz tegi : to be perfectly honest this is the best racing game i've ever played on mobile and maybe even beats some of the ones i played on my pc. the adds aren't bashful and only appear when the player wants to see them for some extra money. the graphics are really good and the game runs smoothly on my device. controls are simple but intuitive and responsive. i really have to say that i'm impressed and this game is one of my favorites on mobile. i congratulate the developers for doing such a good job.,1
razidin usman : i have nothing much to say more or less the game looks good but it's too short,1
liam lewis : such a good game,1
el duderino : i absolutely love how player friendly this is,1
johhni 77 : this game is amazing - the art style is lovely,1
ziggy alpha : game was fantastic but challenge that requires you to drive 25k with the hachitofu in tofuyama doesn't seem to be working and now i'm stuck at level 19,0
giorgi megrelidze : i spent 3 hours playing this game and its so good. its offline and it trully just drags you in.,1
adam ziebarth : terrible controls at any setting,0
cody beckius : love the game but only gave it 3 stars because the sound is messed up pretty bad. it sound like a robotic voice in super slo mo when any dialog pops up. other than that the game seems to run pretty smooth. ill keep it for a week and see if anything changes. if not itll be uninstalled,0
zane barker : many cars and stuff to try just wish it was a little easier to make money that's about it.,1
ilias t : wow! what a game! absolutely brilliant game. the graphics are stunning,1
ksempac : technically sound,1
bartomiej szlachta : i have never lost a drive by missing fuel station. almost always that's because of hitting an other car. the police is also not any threat. on the other hand,0
leo nguyen : i love this cozy driving game! it's 10x better with a controller.,1
evan matthews : great game if anyone remembers driver for ps2 you will love this game the grafics and music are great,1
kickin it with dae dae & dre dre : i think he's doing this,1
ruvik b.l. : an excellent game with fun gameplay and superb graphics and style,1
diyana kamaruddin : this game is almost perfect. the narrator,1
rajit pimpale : amazing game. lots of things they did new than other games,1
rockroach : while i do very much enjoy the game,1
oddlysilent : this is the best mobile game i have ever played. the high quality,1
kerr vfx : this game is what mobile developers should strive towards creating. the game runs smoothly and looks great,1
yuri gor : it would be cool to add motorbikes. bikes are slim,1
trey miller : one of the best endless driving games i've ever played. good controls.,1
havoc nine : this game is actually quite fun. it's satisfying to drift around corners and to dodge traffic at the same time. only complaint i have is,1
ali safa : pretty cool game,1
yurii kostiv : love the game,1
eric campbell : this might be a good game. i decided to play for free to see if i was willing to purchase it. within the first ten seconds of play time,1
vid matjas : i wouldn't go as far as to say the controls are bad because i have no problem with them. if the environment was more interactable it'd be awesome. by that i mean the fences could be destroyed,0
unused account do not reply : absolutely gorgeous little game. virtually everything works perfectly and it isn't ad heavy in the slightest. some additions i wish to suggest would be a couple of run down versions of cars that you get once you go through perhaps 100 junkyards and more detailed models when you enter picture mode. but to be clear,1
david h : no pay2win; simple but entertaining; varied tracks with funny details; growing rang of cars,1
mitali roy : gonna enjoying driving! i've seen no other driving game which is as awesome as this. beautiful classic cars,1
cosmic eggs : this game is great. the scenery and the difference you can feel in different cars is awesome. and the fonts. the only thing i would add is that when you pause the game,1
noah mifsud : this is a beautiful game with good gameplay and fun mechanics (the drifting is surprisingly cool and rewarding). each location has its own challenges and quirks making what could be a monotonous grind feel consistently engaging. i do wish the different surfaces (snow,1
james hobbs : i've tried this game twice. it's extremely difficult to control. you give a turn left or right it's,1
yogesh agarwal : this game exceeded my expectations. i mean not only there are several cars and maps but you can almost customise any car as well add some coolness to it. the only con i find is after putting game on pause we don't get a countdown for resuming it back which i think is a downfall. also you'll can add some challenges which can be pretty amazing as after finishing all the levels and achievements there's nothing left to do. you'll can even give some rewards for challenges. fabulous game!!!,0
wayne oh : #drive is an excellent time killer. the graphics,1
chutneyperson : very polished experience,1
khan ahnaf tahmid : incredeble graphics & cars,1
jack maguire : easy to get the hang of difficult to master,1
louis louth : an excellent,1
red reign : a great endless driving game and there are some cons but i don't have a complain the grapichs are good too good job,0
santiyesss d. bread : 4 stars because this game has a buttload of potential for a story mode,1
ferrial pondrafi : simple and fun. the low poly style is wonderful.,1
craig : fun for time pass,1
evan brannon : i love this game all the cars the maps and the fact they only have few ads,0
blackout 5x5 : i love the art style and the gameplay is super satisfying,1
cristian cruz : it is very entertaining to play especially if you need a time waster,1
kamsiyochukwu ejeckam : cool game love the cars the physics the graphics its amazing pls could u add a race mode,1
henry sus bro : very fun game love it. an hour passes and i didn't even notice,1
rinku singh : game is good but i have a issue that there is no camera angles when you will add camera angle i will give you 5 stars,0
hamza fuzail : amazing game love it. but i feel a little too many ads,1
david oniceanu : very cool game!! i love the cars and the graphics!!!,1
antonio bertagna : less sensitivity car control like able to drift that the cars,1
coma falca : i really like the game i hope some day you will add visible car damage,1
justin daly : extremely fun,1
nupur gupta choudhury : it is a good game but the cars should be more easier to unlock.,1
jorel williams : it is a very nice game zen mode need some work but very nice,1
spongy leo : a really fun game to play on your free time. i can't find anything wrong with this game.,1
bill clinton : pretty great game,1
tonuzzo nicklefritz : after i got the game i thought it was gonna be boring but it's pretty addictive. not sure what turning coolness on does for a car other than making it look cool. the drifting is a bit annoying to use,1
mr nyan cat tv : this is a great game! would recommend but only a bug where you can go through things in the training ground.,1
arnav waghdhare : loved it until the new update. the new update kind of makes the display screen more flashy than the original simplistic and elegant,1
alokym creeper : i have few tips. add number overlays over car stats. you will have best of both worlds - precision of numbers and visual size of "stacks". drifting mechanic can do unnoticed because it's only usable in one of three control methods. pls solve. i suggest adding more times when you have to choose to refuel or something else (when two stations are adjacent and you can't visit both). this will add choices. if i hit stuff,0
tim : great game. the graphics are amazing,1
c s : updt: i solved the prob with tofuyama not loading (still froze with new patch)... my home router's privacy filter was blocking whatever address the game needed to temporarily connect to. after that,0
zap man : a unique spin on runners. most running games have 3 lanes you travel on with collectables throughout the route and the idea is to get a highscore. this is true of #drive aswell however because we are driving a car you have more freedom of movement and really have a chance to pull off some risky stunts. i think the car physics makes this the best runner game i've played. i also purchased the full version which removes ads and helps to progress faster.,1
adina gojnea : the most amazing game i have ever seen! love the country vintage vibe,1
yakob anggora : the graphic is beautiful,1
biggshiggs : a good game that only came across today and play for about 30 minutes,1
ab sinteta : so far so good. bit of a hassle to get used to the controls but once you get the hang of it its perfectly fine. but there is alack of incentive to play the game and there are is no real progression apart from new cars. maybe add more customisation and upgrades,1
dmitri gonzalez : so for the time being the game does excell in everything apart from the fact that cars cost a ridiculous amount later in and you can only gather caps so fast that it takes an excruciatingly long amount of time in order to buy a damn car. along with the fact that you also can put upgrades on the car with paint jobs even and even those are lackluster at times. i understand that it would be difficult to create more paint jobs for all the cars but you could also just stop making cars.,1
jojonomuskets : i like the graphics of the game,1
brandon lyle : i enjoy it. i would enjoy it more if it were online and could race against other players. more options of cars and different upgrades so that everyone's cars are different. would be better if there were roads that split spots not just one continuous road. and a few other things but it's decent.,1
azril fadzakir : strangely hypnotic,1
dodantheboss : i gotta say,1
ben carson : fun experience,1
eric froese : the physics are weird/not great,0
gerhard scorgie : at first i played it i didn't like it but a couple of months later (now) i actually love it ,1
nanna shafi : nice game but please more stuff like multiplayer/single player racing,1
vwvento schwarz : this game is fantastic! i second ail the praise that everyone else has been showering over this game before me and have zero complaints about the steering. what i wish in terms of game development for the future are more challenges and maybe an artificial intelligence opponent to drive against mode. also,0
ollie keele : a good game but the car is hard to control,1
karthik nair : great visuals and even has a zen mode,1
mfxm : i was like: "they want rating? they get rating!" i think that out of millions of millions of millions of games i've tested this is the most addicting cartoon-style high quality car game i've ever seen. at the point of posting this this i'm grinding for a 20500 cork worth porsche with the coolness mode on.,1
chandni khan : this game is a very good time killing game and the controls are very easy to understand. i just love playing in the zen mode and i would recomment you to play it to. #drive,1
catre 12 : after so many hours i have found a nice game to play playing experience was really fun. and it's got pretty great cars and drive experience. nice job on it.,1
beena purohit : everything is good but i want these things change like choose a map like japan,1
henry norton : so far game is fun,1
xavier mcleod : great graphics. cool range of cars. loads if sick maps. just an amazing game in general and it's really fun to play.,1
aidan maguire : the game used to run flawlessly on my oneplus 7t pro but ever since the recent update the game freezes for half a second constantly,1
blake stepaniak : fun game,1
sebastian spreutels : this game has improved so much since i downloaded it. it's fun,1
lorenzo pizzu : its really fun,1
daniel jones : really fun game! a littoe bit confusing on the controlls and settings but still really fun and satesfying when you're in a bad mood.,1
najdan gazibaric : simple,1
sofronii dimitrov : i love the animation and attention to detail in each map and i love the diversity with each car and obstacle. 10/10 would reccomend.,1
brandon njamba : love the game it has a lot of cars to use,1
paballo01 mabaso : man this game is awesome!!! i like it this game it's even better than asphalt 8 more like information on that game and this game it's cool it has so many fast and furious car and the best part is that you can decared your own dream car my dream car is a mclaren gtr because it's the fastest,1
game on : for some reason the game keeps crashing just before the race begin,1
fuk yu : ads or no ads,0
james strickland : neat game,1
h. wll : pretty good. sometimes you can't see cars,1
wade montgomery : pretty fun overall. just a nice chill out time killer to have fun playing. progression doesn't seem so bad. it's a unique game,1
supersmoothie s : very fun,1
travis mandela : one of the best games out there but i decided to give it 2 stars cause it keeps on stopping for some few minutes during the game and it's annoying,1
npc# 0091 : excellent graphics and concept. horrible controls. the way the car turns is just stupid and unreal. it crashes every now and then. could have been a good game but sadly ruined by poor controls. edit: i don't mean user input. i mean how the game reacts to those inputs. how the car reacts. it just starts drifting. that's not how cars turn. i mean the physics engine is wonky.,0
yure ho : good little game but too hard to control.,1
simone dc : not your usual endless driving game,1
sean schaefer : this is one of the best mobile games i've played in a long time. the endless driving gameplay i very fun and addictive. the game also looks great and the graphics have a lot of character. they also don't shove micro transactions in your face like many other mobile games do and the ads are very short. this is everything a good mobile game should be.,1
matthew g : excellent game,1
oof oof : this is a good game to quickly help you out when you're bored. it sometimes gets annoying,1
ignus amandus : it's a nice game to play if you like to go one forever ,1
dane keling : the game is a great game in itself,1
aleksej alex : great game,1
kristopher walsh : the game is really good as it is,1
the user : of course the game is excellent the way it is,1
kibbleskid : nice artstyle and fun gameplay. an interesting take on the "endless runner" games. reasonable amount of ads. progression feels too slow,1
zacky bibo : it was a nice game,1
alex i : the thing you see from the very beginning: this game is made with so much love! subtle jokes,1
sava arsenijevic : it is really good,1
andy taylor : would be lovely if the brakes worked,1
ryougi ch. : no cloud saves! you can lost the progress and cant restore it,1
ryanthehero : #drive is one of the most unique retro styled games out there,1
jimmy t : please check the game,1
peach eater : graphics are nice but the controls are straight up uncontrollable and difficult,0
snipedude500 : race game with minimal ad,1
daniel somodi : this game is amazing,1
dunialuar : the game is great,1
larry tm : i wish you would take this and make an open world racing game...i am so tired of endless runners. if you do decide to make a racing game don't just make a sprint mode or drag racing-i can't stand those games either-2 to three laps around a well designed track against multiple racers or duel-keep the police chases in too! y'know what? just emulate need for speed underground with this art style and i will love you for life!!! and make it playable offline- that is key to the recipe! the art style!,0
sealand itisi : this game has been pretty good so far. i will admit that i only picked it up because the starting car resembles the trueno,1
satish vishwakarma : this is the most creative game ever !! you will find this game completely unique. there are a lot of new stuff in this game which makes it outstanding. the graphics are exquisite. the cars in this game make it extraordinary. when you play this game,1
lawson doolin : this game is sooo good! i think there should be a sequel that takes place in modern times,1
manikanta g. : this game is fun and hard at the same time. background music and voice is awesome. ads are shown only when you ask for.,1
g matos : love the graphics and the goals,1
dino panliboton : the graphics is phenomenal the and gameplay is challenging,1
vishnu prakash : a lot of reviews talk about the controls,1
mrfixit usa : it's a fun little game but it really needs work on the controls. for those who like the arrow button steering it's probably great. for those of us who want to be able to control the degree of the turn with steering wheel (or even tilt) we are out of luck. and braking needs a dedicated brake button.,0
juan manrique fas : so far pretty good game. there is a lot of cars and there is progression between maps just by playing. same with leveling up which at certain levels it earns you new vehicles. as of now 44 vehicles are in,0
fabian : it's a entertaining game. i like it,1
colin murphy : what an exceptional driving game. superb graphics,1
hasin anik : this game looks amazing,1
glen kabis : the presentation and graphics are some of the best out there. i really want to love this game but i just don't enjoy it at all. the gameplay is a little too simple. i've tried all the control schemes and different sensitivity options but there's just no settings that make it feel fun to play for me. i don't know if the more expensive cars would fix anything either,1
robert pawlik : responsive controls,1
john chiu : the control is garbage. i am not a novice gamer,0
elyar nova : there are a couple of elements which make this game really interesting one of them which personally i really adore are both the graphics and the special difficult controls. like as i've mentioned before there are more specialities in this game but the two i mentioned earlier,0
luis zambrano : this game is great,1
josh ferguson : absolutely love this game,1
lego star wars jango fett : beatiful game indeed. i love the visuals and it's simple style. the gameplay feels original and there's a great variety of cars to choose from. i like the how the "cool" mode looks on every car. i have just started playing and defivinetly recommend it.,1
monika raphtalia asuma : the game is challenging,1
small hiki : its been a while since i've played a game so simple,1
5th uote : i really love this game and the attention to detail has like which side of the road the npc's drive on or the dirt/snow the fly behind your car. or even just the sound of the engine for each of the cars being different. these are all things that make this game different than its competitors. all i have to say is i cant wait for new maps. maybe yall could make one on my island of puerto rico? also one more thing; could you add braking to the controls as well? pretty please?,0
karl nievesson : i love it,1
ethan duncan : nice game,1
ramish anwar : love this game,1
kurameshi yusuke : amazing game,1
anuj jain : the collect options opens up whenever i'm changing the cars. otherwt a great game.,1
damien alvarez : this game is really fun when your bored. it is very entertaining game to play.,1
taylor noel : controls are nice. simple,1
najdah g : great visuals and well played out concept. could use a few more places (countries) to drive through rather than the huge selection of cars.,1
craig seman : has potential but lacks in gameplay and content. to be honest i dont like the controls at all,0
farsme dragonius : overall a good game relly liked it but i will like it so much if the camera angle can be changed like at ground level like in other cad racing games so please add this feature an game is so good nice work,1
mark lukban : it's frustrating and addicting. one of my favorite mobile games. i'd get it for pc and console too if i could.,1
ayushi singh : wow. this game,1
gabriel boston : this game is amazing. the cars are beautifully designed and well done. i love the maps. i do have 2 suggestions. 1: make the photo mode wwwaaayyy less sensitive. 2: i have an idea for a map: bayport. it should be a beach map set in hawaii. those are my suggestions. otherwise,1
yash jha : thank you pixel studios for making such a mind blowing game good graphics in starting controls was tough but after 2 to 3 times i got my hand over it. all locations catches my eyes and attention cars are fabulous. just want to give 1 suggestions that try to give 1st person view just like the driver see from inside the car and let the controls like that only plzz accept my request towards your game. thank you.,0
jason kennedy : great for either a quick game or for relaxing with it for a while. it's fun and challenging trying to get the feel of the different vehicles you can earn. i love playing this game but... the advertisements can be deafening if you have earbuds. i would give 5 stars if i could listen to my own music without risking my hearing,1
vojta kuscak : the controls might be somewhat hard to master but once you get the hang of it,0
bernard yap : been playing this since it launched and it keeps getting better and better. easily one of my top favorites on mobile. love the art style,1
chris lam : great game. would be nice if you could disable dialogue. a time trial version with no coins or powerups for every course would be nice. also racing one on one online would be cool,1
mahesh kumar : i would love it if the roads were more wider. there are so many exciting cars but it is very difficult to earn coins for every vehicle,1
vincent johnson : nice simple pick up and play.,1
friendzoned guy : i'm astonished. this is my best endless racing with low poly tooned car models,1
augustine martins : nice game,1
prasanth kannan : it is a good game,1
iron man : i know everyone was having a great play of this game,1
adam olejniczak : outstanding. takes a while to learn how to drive but once you do it's amazing addictive fun you can jump i and out of. physics are great,1
debasruto maity : if you're looking for a minimalistic themed endless driving game with decent graphics,1
darleen dumaguin : i'm loving it so far. the game looks great,1
emon baruah : one word: sharper turns. okay that's two words. i don't care. the tracks need sharper turns. the drift feature is pretty much useless without it. i unlocked three maps,1
james luciano : like this game but sometimes phone it's so lag because he can't handle bigger gb or mb,0
john frederik alvendia : great game! would suggest to tweak the controls a bit because there are time that you can't steer when throwing doughnuts. but overall an epic car casual arcade. a+ mechanics,1
mr. shungite : it takes wayyyyy too long to get money,1
grimm ii : 10/10. i haven't even gotten past the first 'level' yet,1
coz efekt : this game is perhaps one of the best i've played. if it were on console,1
ian pilsbury : definitely a neat game. was hoping to see a knock off of the 240z,1
nicolas lopez : nice car game. interesting concept... you just drive on the road avoiding obstacles (cabs,1
christopher hill : i couldn't even scroll through the cars without it taking me to the key section after tapping the selection arrow more than once,0
team619 : simply the best arcade plus+ time killer . most of the review about controls . it needs to be fixed . but irecommend everyone to put the control setting to 3rd,0
miguel vargas : its a good time killer. simple too. you just drive straight and try to avoid cars and not run out of gas.,1
marc concepcion : this is a classic arcade game experience! simple game mechanics,1
olivia s. s : overall this game is very great. the control look like easy,1
crystal v : it's great. but the controls are extremely hard,1
brandon eaton : faulty controls that don't always respond,1
naresh motwani : it took too much time to start the drive. crashed within 10 seconds since it was the first time but then immediately 15 seconds ad. uninstalled within 7 seconds of the advert. the overall design including when ads should be pushed,0
ahnaf jamil : not to sound like a bot but.. its almost perfection. music is great,0
harrol bennedict : good graphics,1
giuggi roby : game could be nice,1
sergiy boyarchuk : fun. enjoyable. relaxing. great game what so ever. just... would wanted to ask about adding a bit more cars,1
riel mallorca : this game is sooooo good. you can play it offline,1
sean watson : love this game,1
wylie s : very smooth racing game with an at times funny story! win for me! edit: tried to pick up again after a bit and it says "max out coolness" used up all my caps to try to "max" out! won't let me race,1
ball - : great game. got one bug though ( or it is intentional idk) everytime i tap the car selection navigation button too fast/rapidly,1
alex maine : great game,1
nate parker : ok,1
vincent hafford : i like the escape driving games,1
somebody's account : fun,1
timothy j. holloway : this is a good-looking game,1
czack efron : i'll definitely gonna rate this 5 stars!! game is nice and simple controls make it easy and graphics is great but i wish i can skip or change tasks of levels cause i'm stuck with 7th level it's says i need to drift for 5 secs but it's too hard cause it's difficult to find a drifting place pls add those and i'll tell this game to my friends.,1
tree zen : can you make the road in france a little bit bigger? it's too f*****g narrow. what the hell is wrong with those brick walls? just get hit and game over. also,1
miguel creel : this is by far the best driving game that i have found on mobile since 3 years ago. i love this game and i love the variety of cars you can choose from. the controls are very easy to use and have the perfect sensitivity for this kind of game. i do wish that there were more than 4 colors to choose from (i might have just missed a button to show more colors) but this is a great driving game and i recommend it to everyone.,1
_wreckit 101 : great way to kill time and really love the gameplay. saw an earlier comment about losing the dialogue,1
daniel tomlinson : i like the concept of the game alot,1
tylee fontenot : great game doesn't take alot of skill barely any ads and doesn't take long to get new cars,0
nathan ferne : really fun game,1
dominic la trobe : i love this game it's so epic one thing though,1
aditya sharma : the game looks great but that's about it. it would be so much better if they didn't give you the shittiest car possible to keep you engaged in the game. it's so bad. along with the voice annotations at every event are repetitive to the point of being annoying. otherwise,0
surjeetsingh matharu : very nice n intresting game needs little inproments in controle,1
adi ctrl : i would like to zoom in camera,1
bartosz debski : i know its endless driving but games lacks in variety. 2 worlds in and apart from driving in different scenario,1
niranjan rajeev : nice game but hard to control the vehicle,1
chintendo : sensitivity slider needs a number next to it,1
garrett davis : this is a fun game,1
hasan al-haddad : simple gameplay yet very challenging.. best game for killing time but not wasting too much time.. the graphic also eye-catching with awesome animation.. i will buy full version next month.. update 03/07/2020: you lost 1 star due to motion blur.. thx for your attention to fix it,1
xchara fan : it's a very fun game to play when you're bored or just want to play a good mobile game,1
bronosgot : revising 5 star review a bit. #drive is beautiful and lovely but has some frustrating things. drifting is 2 aggressive & doesn't match the curve of most roads without ways 2 adjust on the fly,1
mccloudy : such a chill game. the in-game transactions are really in-expensive too.,1
benjamin fraser-macfarlane : this game is fantastically simple. elegant ui,1
adedimeji sebiotimo : great game,1
mrzangarra : steering is a bit arcady but still better than most casual games where you just switch lanes. overall pretty calm racing game,1
hector rivera : has very high potential... i think you should have roads that go left and right as well with maybe some ramps on the sides of the roads as well to give a little more atmosphere and challenge but other then that controls work good for me but maybe not for everyone idk if there is a different steering option but maybe add a booster throughout the road to speed boost from cops to give that chance in higher levels but giving higher risk of crashing as well for enhanced challenge. at that would be 5,0
lucian : awesome! good graphics good game play,1
jiraiya hermit : fantastic experience. all the cars are within affordable capacity and may all be unlocked just by persistent playing. all the maps are distinct. highly reccomend. all i request is more colour schemes,1
roberto gondrong : controls are somehow annoying,0
patrick ahad : great way to pass time,1
sean riley hawkins : according to the reviews the game is good and on point,1
alvin brillo : i really love the graphics. its so cute! only gripe is the game is too hard. or maybe im just to noob to play the game. and the grind is too hard. making purchasing another car almost close to impossible. maybe lower the prices of cars? or make getting coins easier. :),1
marcy upp : this game is a classic and a classic that never seems to disappoint me,1
ian stanley : i'll give it 4 star but i would give it a 5 if you could fix the glitch on level 11 where it says do a 5 second consecutive drift,1
sitki can t : this is the only game i have written feedback to. the gameplay is lovely and the art piece is on point. driving is fun. but content-wise it is lacking. make the maps transform in themselves. add some challenges to the gameplay. the cops are nut fun. maybe you can add something like highway to where police is notorious. make some active bonuses to the "huge red question marks". i hope you do well,0
sinviper : overall,1
racer gaming : very good game but we would like to customize our cars by adding bumpers ,1
ryan morrison : fun game lots of cars gud controls and gud graphic,1
monitor : great and love the graphics. can't expect anything else,1
brian lee : well not play yesterday..,1
rinata 39 : i have to say,1
madhavtamilan1 : a good game,1
dudeman brochief : it's a solid game if you're into the "left/right tap" landscape type game. it's got mario-quality timing. this game could be less ad-intrusive,1
saayam chowdhury : if u don't like this game for its controls,1
joe perez : the cars look nice and the graphics,1
devin carter : it's pretty good. gets boring after a while though. i can see the vehicle parts and some of them ain't even attached in the right places. the game sometimes freezes a little bit and makes me lose when i am making a lot of distance. please fix and add more content. thank you!,0
ankit kumar r. : brakes should not have time limit thats annyoing,0
luca benvenutto : greatest mobile driving game ever available for free,1
prithvi_ raj : wow what a perfect game. this is my all time favourite game. it has many cars. plenty of upgrades and you can chose colors too. i will want to suggest two things 1) like you have mini cars,1
flynn patinkin : great game only complainy is that the mechanics are a little weird,1
jamie bainbridge : good idea but unenjoyable execution. needs auto centre so you don't just skate from side to side all the time. fuel and other side exits need to be more obvious because they're hidden amongst the busy scenery,0
ah h : good old simple driving game remenicent of the days gone by. graphic design is great,1
ahmed noushad : loved everything about it. just the controls a littlr bit clumay. i guess that's part of the game? but a little better control could be hoped for. everything else,0
mike buckley : ok game but i hate that it's using the gyroscope and the ads are oversized so i can't clear them. it's very annoying to have to exit out of the app and reopen it to pass the ad... and that just clears the round progress. not pleased. set a movable safe zone and disable the useless gyroscope,0
shirapthi kaushik : nice graphics. good collection of cars. more creative maps can be added.,1
rob marks : this is a great game but i'm reviewing because i hope the developer will see this: the drift mechanic is never added to my score! on level 15,1
akogwu p johnson : the game is nice the graphic is good and also the control work's perfectly.i just like the game.,0
jake chadwick : the road markings for the uk map are wrong,1
david prior : a cute but uninspiring game. many cars and maps to unlock,1
jsh strke : i quite like the graphics and the styling of the game,1
brandon f : i have lots of fun playing this game! i enjoy its art style and driving physics. its seems easy to play,1
greg wheeler : #drive has been made with some love. the artwork is full of humour,1
lazaros : i don't normally write reviews but this is an exceptional game. minimal ads,1
undeademon : it's alright. it's a good game to play while you wait for imminent death. it's not like there's any reason to play games. we're all gonna die in the end anyways. i wish there's a way you can connect to your gmail or facebook account so you could play this on your other devices while keeping your progress. i also hope the developers add a way to disable the voice over but keep the in-game audio.,0
t woods : i've been a loyal player since you dropped this game and it's literally the only driving game i'll download whenever i get a new phone. i love everything about this game and the mechanics behind it. i also appreciate how 8-9 times out of ten y'all add a new car and/or map! my only thing two suggestions would be to add a ghost chaser mode (if that makes sense) and to add two cars- '95 toyota mr2 and a apollo s gumpert :d otherwise keep it up the great work! i hope to see those cars one day,1
riesta gema : it's a fun game. another kind of driving game experience,1
not pixl : love the game's style,1
andy vargas : this game looks just so gorgeous! and its so much fun! really well artistically planed! should ad more dramatic/spectacular crashes,1
lactose intolerant : managed to pass my boring time somehow. the control are equally insane i like it,1
zila the man : best game ever,1
omkar sawant : there a bug in the game,1
krzysztof setlak : i'm honestly impressed with the quality of the game. it's simple,1
nothing : it's really a great game and the idea of this game ia really great hats off to you "the developer" just one thing the controles ,1
zbarba : this is an amazing mobile game. incredibly entertaining,1
bobaggins gameing : fun game just some anoying adds here and there,1
christopher gibson : absolutely gorgeous graphics... easy to play,1
v. sankaran venkatesan : a really nice driving game.,1
noah hildenbrand : nice game. but it's hard to play and i die a lot,1
ethan irvin : very good game! not hard to get the hang of,1
vignesh rathnam : not so good for controls,1
arlene grice : it's a good game,1
shannon goodwin : i like that you can drive like it is an arcade game but i'm hoping not too much car will cost alot of coins in the game,1
nik conley : review updated now that i have more play time under my belt. the game is ok. big selection of cars,1
krutarthxo : so good graphics but trash gameplay. most of players wont even invest unless it has a goal to be achieved rather than mindlessly just playing same map for just cars and chasing around bottle caps. also controls are totally wack and car wobbles so much that cant be controlled while drifting. i just hate this level end system when you crash or damage the car.,0
cheryl n : it's an amazing game plus i can drift in the tofuyama map in japan!,1
antonio dias : it's hard to find some good games on thing store unless you go to top rated,1
onkar singh : i like this game very much. but the only problem was that it didn't have any damage increasing option at all.since their is no quick way to see all the missions we have to do when we pause the game until we don't get out. come on give some changes to this game and also this game is 2019 winner . at last their is son many drifts. congrats for 2019 winner,0
carl cashman : good game plain and simple. graphics are perfect for this being a fun game and i like the controls once you get used to them. a lot of things to achieve and vehicles to buy so you won't get bored or clock it too soon. i'd like to see a little more customisation options like wheels or more of a colour palette in future updates,1
xander thompson : the controls are simple,1
a google user : i want to love this game. the art is gorgeous,1
theo damasio-razafiarizaka : +initial d and other cutural stuff references +good graphics,1
- nameless nomad - : i've played this game on and off for the past year or so,1
thefrkoby : this games is the perfect game for you when you do not have internet,1
kaji thatotherguy : great fun! light on battery,1
king ironfist : #drive is a fun driving game. i enjoy plowing through cars as i'm sliding through the towns. excited and hopeful to see new towns pop up and possibly new power ups? visually appealing and the controls are simple. thanks for the game. could you maybe add a town with holes in the road or like ramps... :),1
hand : entertaining and fluid pretty good if you ask me and i definitely recommend it to anyone who likes endless runners.,1
thisisathreat : great game. thats plain. but i found a glitch where when you die and are offered a revive if you watch a video,0
equaals : this game is pretty fun and cool the graphics are great it's just what i needed but the reason i'm giving it 4 stars is because when i want to brake and turn and i can't then i miss one of the stations or something could you solve the issue by maybe adding the brake somewhere else or double tapping right and holding to brake but honestly this game is great and a you yes you person looking at reviews... just try the game it's great :d,0
shaik sazeer : loved the game but ads are bit annoying please reduce ads and i was very much impressed with the graphics what it have. it would be better if you add some other camera view for this game ,0
poki imane : edit 2: down a star,1
stnewts : fix the controls already!!! this game shows so much promise but the controls completely ruin that,0
gaming titan : this game is a great driving game with cool voice-lines and good attention to detail on the maps! the only thing i would say is that the maps get boring and repetitive after a while so you have to save up postcards for a new one for a while. other than that,1
md hasibur rahman : this game is extremely bad because of control the graphics and gameplay is good . it is frustrating to control the car,1
danny kime : its a pretty decent game. i like the scenery and the challenge of driving through a gas station is risky yet rewarding. the controls are ok but i dont like how the camera moves with the car. apart from that,1
robin timms : cool game. looks and sounds amazing. a classic old school style driving game.,1
stephen jacques : i discovered this game by pure chance on social media and thought it had nice aesthetics...but assumed it might have been a switch or xbox game,1
rafky fauzan : simple,1
2kaysavage : great game,1
nicholas abel : only got to tutorials,1
william cheng : fun,1
rowen krampf : good looking graphics,1
mike clarke : solid game to play on the loo at work. though a very soothing game to play,1
alessandro celoro : this was easily the best game on the app store for me,1
real gamer 20 : very very relaxing game,1
aarif iqbal : simply beautiful. apart from the stunning visuals,1
elisey rodriguez : strange but in garage: when you're trying to tap fast to switch cars,0
a grave misunderstanding : for a game about evading the police and speeding,1
pete : really good graphics,1
hamza anjum10 : i would rate it 5 if the developers will add gyroscopic control in the game... however the graphics are ok.,1
nicholas martin : love gfx,1
shin jon : best game great graphics and nice background music overall great game. love this game and it's developer who has created this game..,1
pouya mohtat : carefully crafted. gameplay and graphics are great and i love the classic theme going on and the humorous dialogue. the only thing keeping it from being a 5 star game is the limited items and power ups that makes it a little repetitive. also why can't we control the car using the phones gyro??,1
aaron paul leabres : i have only one thing to criticize. the size or the proportion of the car. correct me if i'm wrong but i think when i first downloaded and play this game,1
shivam : graphics are awesome,1
kai tyas : great driving app,1
chris basso : super entertaining game with a beautiful soundtrack/themes that compliment the fantastic graphic style used! however,1
nkado harrison : the controls are a little iffy,1
anshul patel : this is a fun free to play with some small issues that can and will eventually become annoying. play for the fun off it while it lasts. pros - - +great graphics +fun cars + large variety +easy to pickup cons - - -wall tend to be difficult to learn and have many parts where crashing out is unexpected -controls are easy to pick up but can be annoying to use especially with the 1st issue -roads don't really fit the drift mechanic,1
edward sutton jr : awesome game first of!! fantastix job devs! however,1
a 1 : it's a beautiful game but controls need major fixing.. could be an amazing & profitable game if dev wasn't too greedy and making the car ridiculously sensitive... i'm crashing into something every 2 seconds. guess one of the ways you can revive though? look at crossy road as an example of a beautiful game,1
dylan alton : hahaha,1
ravnil raj : the game is aoewsome coz the graphics suits the game but there is a problem where there is no upgration of cars n there r not enough cars to play with,1
arya rovana : gorgeous game,1
clanline35028 : its a great game,1
jessie jay nemeno : its a really nice game. atmospheric and relaxing but one thing that puts me off is the lack of motion control in a driving game. touch controls can get too sensitive and make the car hard to control.,0
daniel marton : perfect example of easy to learn hard to master games. easy controls and in-game tasks,1
good question : i would say in my opinion its a good game the retro style and easy to grasp controls the game is nice.its one of those games that you only play for a little while before uninstalling but sometimes you keep the game for a bit longer and it starts to feel good.all around good game with nice graphics easy controls and retro design.,1
aaron volcic : game is very well designed,1
brody miller : something is wrong with this game. i download different games all the time. i downloaded this one not too long ago. right after it was done,0
raditya arga putra : i swear to god,1
reid johnston : controls are not intuitive or simple. in fact none of the steering options make any sense. graphics are bright and interesting. after the first crash an ad pops up that you can't back out of.,0
anmol sharma : the best game i have ever played on android,1
dylan milne : this game is surely made by boomers. cheesy 80s style. unnecessary voice acting from an unknown character. repetitive gameplay. have to get into debt to unlock cars at a reasonable rate and progress. vertigo racing and the pako games are much better than this. their gameplay is fun and progression is steady. boomer game.,1
zagreb boris : nice game,1
nandan singh : this is a fine masterpiece with a few issues. however,1
yuka [gd] : this game is good and chill i like the car physics and the graphics of the game it looks simple but the shadows color makes it more good the control is easy but there's is a bug at tofuyama map,1
rodney lanning : really fun game,1
joshua griffin : can barely play the game because of all the long 30 second ads. i can understand needing to have afs in a free version but this was way too much. i uninstalled immediately. great graphics and gameplay for the little time that i could play it.,0
xia sales : i thought it was open-world because it says "endless driving" and guess what? it's not. it's technically "endless driving" because you can retry multiple times,0
aituar kenges : i have enjoyed the graphics,1
mccrazy 23 : it's not a bad little driving game but the controls are beyond sensitive even at the lowest setting,0
ashutosh anand : excellent game . 4 stars cause of limited gameplay ,1
anastasia bielievitina : this game has such a smooth graphics,1
rafaim regis : graphics is promising. i feel like this game would be perfect for guys like me who seek classic games. but the controls are really hard. so i uninstalled it. i hoping for an update on your controls. that way i might wanted to install it again.,0
manpreet singh : good,1
loading _ : apart from the backseat driver this game is a great passtime and good for friendly competition to see how far you can go,1
adarsh : this game is super fun,1
bravebear 2 : has decent graphics for the game quality. the controls are a bit rough,0
cj imperial : easily one of the greatest games for mobile great sounds great cars great graphics it's just so perfect. i'll say though that it gets grindy but it's kind worth in my opinion the controls are simple too. i hope you continue developing this game. and take some rest.,1
ryan tirtajaya : i've played for 5mins and i feel the quality of the game is worth to pay to remove ads. ads are really long,1
keanu edgar novicio : this game is really good! 4 stars because the latest map has too many hindrance in the road and it's a little bit tight compared to other maps. and looking forward for more new maps and cars,1
cher maleking : maybe one of the best games in this genre. the graphics are really amazing and stylish. the gameplay is so smooth. a lot of cars to choose from. just remember that the brakes in this game are more precious than the brakes in any other car games lol. good luck devs. keep the good work up.,1
hendrik prinsloo : hey guys,1
elijah vincent : now this is what a good free game should be! especially with the inclusion of zen mode! more games like this please! no more garbage like gardenscapes scamming you with their false and shady advertisments! the only time you see ads are when you aren't playing and i,1
alex sandoval : horribly tedious. i turned down the sensitivity to it's lowest possible variable and i still had trouble controlling the car. when your game is a simple touch left to turn left,0
saltyboytyler : its a pretty good time killer and a ton of cars for you to unlock. i dont like the steering part as much since to use the brakes you have to hold both sides and sometimes the game steers to one side instead of stopping(when brakes are already cooled down),0
ohm vyas : very minimalistic yet stylish game with great features and reasonable advancements. although there r many ads,1
mohammad asghar syed : the motion blur added in the new update for high graphics gives me motion sickness,0
frederick nicholas : nice app,1
deadsphere : this game appeared cool at first,1
michal linke : it's a really great endless... driver. tons of cars to unlock,1
dog fucker : i really enjoy this game,1
shikhar garg : this is a wonderful game with minimalistic graphics and nice look and feel with comments coming through the journey. plus the motion thing in the garage is just amazing . never seen anywhere else. 3 cheers to the development team and all others who have worked on it,1
box horridge : the graphics are neat. i like the look of the game. i saw some comments that said it was too hard. if you adjust the sensitivity on the steering you should be good. super fun. great job thanks for all the effort put in. it's one of 2 games on my phone. i dig it.,1
blue kamel : the game concept and graphics are excellent but 2 mayor flaws in my opinion: 1) controls are so bad,0
mocha : simple driving game and the drifting is fun. the compulsory ads are quite irritating and i paid to get rid of them. there should be more rewards with objectives to make players stay with the game,1
atte jamsen : great game,1
adam cornette : decent pace,1
erik choong : nice little time killer. gives you that "one more time" kind of feeling. plenty of cars to unlock. but upgrading doesn't quite make any difference to the vehicle that is noticeable. still,1
anonymous : the control...your steering wheel is controlling the rear wheels not the front. so when you turn left,0
surya kiran ss : absolutely superb.this game will give you a cute and unique gameplay experience!! each map is crafted carefully and extremely detailed. that soothing voices gives a special kind of pleasure when driving the car. car garage is also endless!! plenty of cars with special features and styles would never make you feel bad try it. my fav.,1
pratik anand : brilliant. it's just brilliant. free-to-play,1
zord r. : #prettyhard to learn to #drive properly. at the beginning,1
j brown : not fun? it's the easiest way to describe it. controls are ,1
jason patrick : absolutely loving this little endless driver! the visuals are top notch and hearken back to the days of auto modellista. each car handles differently which makes unlocking new vehicles feel like more than just a visual upgrade. highly recommend!,1
robert : honestly,1
oliver kuusmann : looks cool,1
the moover : ive played this game before and it was awsome. i just was wondering though if u could have a racing mode because i think the cars would look great next to each other. have it same style and bit like fpv racing but samw style you have already with the racing aspect. the game looks amazin i just wanted to see you guys take it to that next step.,1
ratan mani debbarma : overall nice. make the gameplay fullscreen and let the fuel meter be on the gameplay screen instead of having a black bar. framerate is nice,1
joshua wright : really fun time waste with a ton of cars and upgrades. its really lacking in a story or purpose other than driving. maybe like a rags to riches,1
yogify : nice .... great game. i liked those arrow controls ... would be nice if u could add some more sterring modes like ( tilt,1
jeff jeffson : listen,1
jason pravic : i used to have a 5 star for this game but since the new update i can't even open the app. i tap the icon it flips to the load up screen then goes back to the home screen all on it's own. i've restarted my phone multiple times and i've redownloaded the app multiple times. i can't play this game and i'm pretty tight about it.,0
banjo booker : the gameplay is simple yet rather fun,1
bloatedgopher : ads are a bit bothersome if you are looking for a strickly free game,1
spencer beckett : really cool graphics and gameplay. only things i would tweak are the voiceovers and the braking system. sometimes the brakes seem like they don't work or they wear out too fast. just a little confusing,0
a google user : this game is good,1
bowen nace : i understand the point in this game is to handle a car that is hard to control. but in order for a game like this to be good,1
maxim jones : the game was fine. i didn't like the new indicators but i got over it. now,1
jain jegi : well....it was a totally different experience i liked the interface,1
aleksander stojanowski : game is really nice,1
art deco city architecture : there are games that care,1
martin : typical bad cash grab unity game. using unity,1
juicy gaming : the graphics are cute controls got the sniff. but three stars because the controls are chunky and tap the side for a second longer and your cars going to start drifting. please fix this. i gave it three stars because i like the gane very much.,0
pecodepiso : like the game and the style of the game. but there's a bug where the mission cannot be completed. like in my case,0
mavis aboagyewaa ayeh : i would have given this game a total straight-out five star rating but it keeps on returning to home screen when i open it just at the final stage of loading. i sent it to another phone and its working but it did the the same thing and later worked so i think its a thing with the game please give me some feedback on what to do cause i really love it,0
p c : what a great game. performance on mid range devices is awesome,1
aditya sugandhi : this is actually a quite relaxing driving game experience with decent gameplay and unique commentary that keep things interesting for a while! and i absolutely dig the style and graphics too,1
mira valdez : a great offline game when you're bored. loved the voice acting and the graphics. the bgm fits the aesthetic as well. the animation is very smooth and the ads don't bother you that much. one of the best driving games i've played so far.,1
darkray8000 : extremely fun game to play. the art and graphics are beautiful and the gameplay is very smooth. it's fun and enjoyable to explore the maps and drive the cars considering purchasing the removal of ads if the price was to go down a pound. (3.49 is a bit too much),1
mistwraith : game is fun. controls are a bit sensitive to start with,1
m chadwick : it's a really fun game and nice to have on your phone to kill some time. the only reason it has 3 instead of 4 stars is because i am stuck at lvl 12 and it hasn't moved for days of playing so there is that bug. in addition it would be nice to have a larger 'practice area' but as is even with the bug it is a great game.,0
owen shipp : left and right steering buttons. press both to brake. icons warn you of parking lots to slown for so you can drift through a drive through collecting gas. repairs. mystery upgrades and donuts to throw at cops to distract them. fun dialog. the game is good. if you like music tiles. or subway surfer. you might like this one too.,0
tejas singh : this game is amazing!! literally every aspect of it is perfect- the controls,1
winston blue : great gameplay,1
axel caron : so far the best game i ever installed on my phone. cool graphics,1
raunak : i payed for the "unlock all perk" and i'm very glad i did,1
brictius sancti : epic little game will keep u smiling when u are offline. awesome graphics. awesome controls. drive to unlock your favorites among a huge selection of iconics cars from the 60's,1
frank adele : a very nice game with a great concept but the controls are really whack! very whack! i advice the developers to maybe use tilt controls to make it easier for users because the steering controls don't cut it at all!!!,0
charles biddle : originally a one star. now the game is probably one of the best driving games i've played in the app store. below is my original complaint. i have a galaxy s8 and the game just flat out won't load up. i want to try. it looks like a blast but i can't even get to a start menu or anything.,1
peanut butter hulk : i was playing for a day or 2 at school super fun. got home and turned up the volume to hear the worst voice lines and sound effects. it could be better without all those dumb things the driver says. it has good physics's and it's fun to learn but that's just so cringe lol,0
headcase gaming : this game has charm out the wazoo. usually i'm not a big fan of endless runner games,1
h utusan tuhan : for such an endless runner game,1
remodox : actually quite fun. passes the time really well,1
brian stephan : this game is awesome. i'm having issues purchasing the unlock all cars and tracks. nothing happens when i tap the price button. i would like to purchase the unlock all cars and tracks.,1
cmdr lekroil : the gameplay is cool ,1
penpen vader : the experience and the idea was good,1
thomas k : the graphics are nice. the concept looks interesting. the controls are nit really good. i haven't used a car in real life that was behaving like that. i think you should be able to use brake more.,1
shakeel thomas : it is a fun game,1
onkar nirmale : gorgeous graphic design and graphics... scenamatic view gives an immersive feel. controls could be refined along with some more involving missions or tasks in the gameplay. vehicle visual upgrades and powerups would be a nice feature to have.,1
astro penguin : this is a well made game. super fun,1
jako : great game,1
nigel yong : the game controls are all squishy,1
the best : i love the physics of the game.. it almost feels realistic but in an authenic arcade game way.. i just wish they had a specific button for brakes instead of tapping both sides of the screen.. that would improve the game play a lot..,0
kristijan koprivnjak : stellar game,1
philip benz : i'm not good at this. if i were a little younger i think i could. i can barely pass the 2 min mark and then i crash. but i'm persistent because i like the game. it has an 80's vibe to it and it's worth keeping. if you could slow it down a notch in the first rounds that would be awesome.,1
conner sheckells : it's a relitivly simple game and it's a really good time killer. one thing i think could use some improvement is the car selection menu. maybe have a way to look through a list.nither than that i really like the game.,1
sorrowlord78 : i think the graphics are awesome,1
sapna sahi : i just cut the one star for the dissatisfaction from the zen mode . pls do something so that we can restart just after getting crashed and not need to restart the whole drive and that crash menu dose t appears. if we leave that it's probably the best or second best leisure game i have played . great work guys,0
faris f.i frs : great ! the graphics are good,1
kendrick louis soto : i really like the graphics and since i like turtles can you pls add turtles and also if there is no deep car customization like design the seats add the decals in your way change the steering wheel the calpires and also if there are body kits on the cars that would be very nice and also for your starter money i would like 1000$ that would be great and if all the bugs were gone i would ultimately appreciate that and thank you for reading this recommendation of the game thank you once again.,0
discovering soul : it is really fun to play as it helps me to chill while driving one of the oldest cars in history. it is really nice to drive a classic car in different locations and to enjoy it so much. keep up the good work and add more classics. i would have given you five but photo mode is a bit laggy so that is why.,1
amir adhamy : great little game. metrics and rewards are a bit off though,1
aditya kumar : bro who the hell has made the controls. man they are disgusting. no one can play it properly with that kind of controls. graphics are amazing. all about the game is awesome except the controls. please fix it man...,0
big noob : trying to find a specific car in this game is hell the numbers are all over the place and don't make sense and whenever you switch too many times between the cars it sends you to the collect tab with all the car keys i suggest you remove this feature all together and add a feature where if you click on the car name in the collect tab you get directly sent to the car itself.,1
coffee soup : the game is great it runs smooth but if only the level up system did not just give you vans. also every so often there will be a part when the game skips a frame and i end up dying sometimes. overall great timer killer,0
jl p : the dev's broke the game,1
angelos stavropoulos : amazing. i had so much fun and although the game is simple it gets so hard after a while. i like the missions and that the game has soo many cars and the option to upgrade them. it is simple but awesome 100/10,1
jan loven del rosario : this game is great! my statement on july 2019. now,1
guus lammertink : an amazingly fun gaming experience on mobile. the driving feels good,1
nic q : pretty darn cool infinite racer,1
duck lord : one of the best games ive ever played! love the mechanics and the lovely,1
john carlo sarmiento : i love the game because this is not the other driving games that exploring the road to collect coins ,1
alwin baiju : i love how the graphics is there is a wide variety of cars i suggest the developers just one thing never add other cars just add the vintage ones. the graphics are the best i love how the game is designed and how the cars and maps are displayed the colour combination on the display is classic and i love it.. want the developers to create more games,1
epyon akashiya : a great endless driving game i have played. the grinding of caps are not hard because there is a location that can grind for it. the musics on each countries are really fitted. my suggestion is when there is a chase make sure there is damage received by player car if the cop hits the player car (when it forgets to get doughnut).,1
that kyler : awsome. very fun and addicting game,1
zack metcalf : as a general rule,1
nintendo4dudes : one of my favorite games i have ever played on my phone! the grafics,0
dragoon 223 : this has got to be the best mobile racing game so far. great graphics,1
dwaipayan vidyanta : my experience with the app was wonderful. although i would love to see the transition between day and night and also weather changes. hope you guys would make a racing game with similar graphics,1
teo stavridis : simply the best mobile driving game. a variety of cars you can use by collecting caps,1
gl1tch : who's behind this game ? i'm amazed... this is phenomenal! the art style is crazy,1
lukasz wrzeszczynski-siuda : it has great potential and amazing aesthetics,1
raiza augusto : it's a good game,1
szymon gorgon : it is a really simple game but it manages to pull you into it because of how fun it it. i have never seen a game so simple yet so creative. i recommend this game to people who like driving games with a bit of challenge. the devs of this game are one in thier kind (amazing).,1
josh smith : i think this is a hidden gem in progress. i've been playing for a while and have unlocked a few cars.. it needs more content like a drift mode or something you can earn more caps with. and what the other guy said add some motorbikes... could make a wicked game. keep up the good work,0
a google user : absolutely stunning really enjoyable and one of it's kind. the gameplay is dope and visually very satisfying to look at still could use a little tweaking here and there but apart from that i'd say it's a must play title!,1
ahmed ali : #drive is a beautiful game. lovely game,1
delraj kaur : this is a sparkling game however there aren't many options to choose from such as different vechicles interior angles. the game does not have flexibility because there is not cocked view of many players which is intensely upsetting for new and upcoming players in the game. when i played the game the vechicles play up too much that i begin to get bad migraines in my head. the game should be redeveloped from ground-down again. the fresh update would bring a lot of surprise to all people's......,0
mayank pandey : why do i see ads even after paying to get rid of them. i want to rate it 5 stars because its a great app and keeps me occupied. i was happy to pay for it as a thank you to developers and had no ads,0
somesh : the perfect game ,1
edin v : too hard to steer. packed with long ads. annoying. i found that i had an easier time learning to drive a real car than to drive this drive thing. a gas station pops up,0
ian deaton : great game for he ads get in the way a little but you can just turn off internet if the get in the way too much. other than that the controls are a little weird and the camera angles could be better but other than that it's pretty great.,0
mike bardell : pretty simple game. takes a bit too long to move on to different levels without paying,1
tistan 01 : this game isn't really good. you see,1
dane sorensen : i've really enjoyed this game. my goal was to get a hover conversion delorean (hoverion?),1
christopher niewiadomski : why are you forcing 30 second ads when there are such things as banners?? ffs,0
ranger : it's really good but it would be a great if u could set the camera angle a bit lower & closer to the car,1
ajin p jseph : i bought all the cars and unlocked all maps before they revamped the entire ui and now when i come back to this game after a long time i feel like the controls are not as good as it used to be and the the car turns too much despite lowering sensitivity.,0
huzefa : like playing the game a nice mini touring game,1
aaron ainscow : it's a good game but pisses me off that you can crash into walls go over bumps but if you hit a car your car blows up needs fixing or be able to upgrade your cars damage and the game would be better if it had a break because when there is 2 car coming there no way you get past,0
afendi mohd nor : nice game,1
model3113 : ads are too frequent. 30 second unskippable video for about 20 seconds of gameplay. the actual game is just a grind with nothing original worth sticking around for. graphics are nice,0
coffeine ssound : looks much better,1
disint - official : love playing this and listening to some 808. keep adding cars and maps and stuff! i only just got it and i have a ton of stuff to unlock,1
thanos kitsakis : one of the best mobile racing games there is! beautiful graphics,1
sadra rezaee : hands down one of the best mobile games out there. artstyle is unique and beautiful,1
muhammad yousuf : 3 stars because i dont get the point of this game. vontrols are funky. seriously,1
tim karabet : i love the creativity. the names and logos of the cars are great. the only things that need improvement are maybe some more maps,1
gerald lepage : great arcade driving game with retro-ish flat poly shaded style. easy to collect coins,1
kevin d : a lot of variety integrated into the gameplay. on the next version i would add a view like most racers use,1
daniel furster : not many games get me back after the first try. this one did! pretty fun and addictive so far. i like that the ads are not over the top. the presentation of this game is above average. great graphics style.,1
jesus christ : look the game is really really good. has a bit of comedy to it. but the cars drive like an out of control riding lawnmower and thats being generous. idk. backwards 5 stars. maybe. tilt controls would have been a plus and dashboard visuals.,1
dave kasuma : it was a simple game but was very entertaining,1
craig olson : the game has a few quirks,1
oz oz : repetitive...and ads that last for 30 seconds,0
yavor rashev : man this became an instant classic for me the moment i started playing. the developers relly put their hearts into this one. love the vibes and the engine. even brought back childhood memories as some of the old cars can sometimes be spotted around my city today and we used to own the "wego" from the game back in the 90s.,1
john doe : simple but time consuming game. graphics and cars are unique and well done. possibly add new bonus features like funky graphics and add ons for cars,1
jocknines : pretty good game so far,1
brian ernst : google play connecting is bugged,1
helo : good game. good graphics but i suggest that you could add more urban maps similar like the japan map. also,1
travis koon : it was recommended to me through reddit,1
pickle green : this game is very difficult i think of you made the driving speed slower than it would be better. it is very hard to turn and all the turns you have to do on the road are to tight. i think if you made the roads thicker it would be way easier. this game is very difficult however the graphics are lovely it appears to be very friendly.,1
6-thu hao : good game bc is like high quality and some stuff,1
rip this account : the visuals are beautiful. controls are interesting but aren't difficult at all. it sucks that you get a game over after bumping into a fence or the back of the car,0
etheria galaxia : downloaded the game and bought the 4.99 pack to remove ads and give currency. that was fine until i opened the game again to find that all my purchased currency was gone,1
alexander russell : really good game,1
david : the graphics are decent . the car wrecks out to easy . but what makes this game one star game is the controls . this game with "tilt steering" !! might be fun. there is so much over stear it is almost impossible to drive . once you turn a little bit,1
avery spencer : i played when it very first came out and hated it. now,1
m : a control layout where you have steering on both sides of the screen while having the option to place a dedicated brake button where ever you like would be nice. also the option to play my own music would be appreciated,0
thew t : while it can feel a little repetitive since it is just driving,1
rob bob : pretty fun and great game to pass time *pro tip adjust the sensitivity down when u first start playing unless ur good with it. spent a couple bucks for some coins right off the bat! bought what looks like the mustang and a map. not bad fella's,1
chris deacon : super fun endless type game. tons of different cars to choose from,1
pranav trivedi : it automatically assumes that i have a gamepad somehow. i can't control the car at all,1
kai koski : great game,1
anthony garmont : i want to like this game... but the controls are way too hard. the lack of real brakes makes the gameplay frustrating. if the controls were more like a touchpad where moving your finger side to side steers the car... that would be much better. kinda sucks the way it is now.,0
brian von seggern : annoying 30-second ad forc ed periodically but other than that it's fairly fun. not much for a plot or change of pace other than driving down a single route but the graphics are good and it's free so i can't complain too much,1
proud infidel : basic game that has sweet cell shading graphics. not into the run type games but i do enjoy this game especially when you can do a little drifting and watch that dust fly. simple controls. not much to it but making sure you don't get too crazy in traffic. great time killer.,1
daniel bogeholz : quite fun and very enjoyable. earning any of the currencies such as postcards to get more levels is quite grindy and somewhat difficult but besides that its a very solid game. graphics are incredibly good and surprise me every time i fire up this game,1
yolo sutirtho : its nice..i loved it but i didnt gave 5 stars because after playing for a while it gets boring. now the reason why it gets boring is 1) there are no challenges,0
typical fish : the controls are absolute trash. not just because your controls are original doesn't mean it's good. it's so hard to control and very slidy; another thing it's very laggy. the first time i opened the game it crashed already and when i finally entered the game it's so laggy and the buttons wouldn't even work so please update the game fix thw bugs and the whole entire game,0
renz quindala : hmm. the braking thing is kinda worthless touching both sides and not being able to steer. also making a pitstop is very hard because it has only one speed. but the graphics are great,0
drpumpkin : its fun and i i haven't come across any bugs so far. the cars are nice but i wish there were more veichle upgrades such as spoilers and wheels. other than that the driving is fun and easy to get used to.,1
fam solorzano : very fun game. easy to just play a few minutes at a time. only time you have ads is when you want to revive after a crash or get bonus coins after youre done. you xan actually play without ever seeing an ad!!!,0
mr rjb : this game is just phenomenal,1
jf designers : greatest endless runner i've ever played,1
tomek styn : it's art style is very unique. i like the overall experience. it's responsive but drifting may be a little counter-intuitive... no way to counter-steer during a drift.,1
makan : at start its slow on speed but if you upgrade your ride its get fun. upgrades,1
shibacki : this game is phenomenal. so much effort with maybe 1 ad (that's skippable) every 5-10 minutes. there's so much effort,1
brandon sweat : beautiful and iconic but just empty and repetitive. i had sunk quite a bit of time,1
cortnie h. : it's a fun game,1
eriel plazo : it's good for an game,1
nelson omekke : great graphics,1
asap_alex3 punay : this game is class and most of the time keeping things simple shows how good a game can be and this is a perfect example: has nice controls,1
riley brannan : very smooth and simple,1
aidan schreiner : i've only played for about 3 hours or so total thus far but ive enjoyed it so far. new cars are kind of pricey so there is a grind but nothing is unattainable. as far as these sorts of games go its really well done and a lot of fun!,1
jose zero vallejo : the only game i enjoy from time to time,1
ricardo maciel : played for 5 minutes. about half of that was watching unskippable ads. also the controls are not the best. having to press both left and right to brake was not working well for me most of the time.,0
jason : enjoyable game. simple concept,1
wayne smail : beautifully simple,1
shawn dackonish : very few advertisements to deal with. a variety of simple vehicles to attain. the environments are different and fun to experience. simple mechanics,1
pussymaster mpampinos : the game is simple,1
shan n.s. : this is a very good game: controls are amazing,1
xavier lum : the graphic is appealing and fun to play. i hope the game has the option to allow me to revert my car's modification,1
katleho moroeng : please include an option where i can still have subtitles on my screen without the guy talking and please include new countries. other than that the game is perfect,1
fletch hasues : well produced game that is a good single player time passer. the screen controls are what make the game difficult. a large variety of vehicles to use that mimic automobiles of old.,1
kaarthik rm : cool game. but controls can be a toned down a lot. tries to bridge an endless runner and a car game to one. better control physics required. i only played a few minutes,0
spectre uv : it's a fun game and a great time killed but i think you should add more cars and have customization options instead of just changing the color... overall it's is a fun game.,1
fhs : great game. i know others have said they'd want a tutorial,1
jack gulledge : it's been good so far so i like it *edit* i've thought about the steering and i thought it would be cool to add the steering where the car turns with the device so i would love for the developers to think about this in a future update thank you and please take this into some major consideration,1
sabik. rahman : i don't know why other people gave it such good reviews,1
sabbir hossain : the overall graphics is good,1
adil khadir : good game,1
ken m : found your game on twitter on the first day of release! i love it! even though i actually never play any car/racing games at all. already unlocked all maps and all cars i wanted,1
anthony morabith : after the update with the controls tweaked and the breaks added,0
darsh thakkar : very good game. there's a lot of cars and i like the new multiplayer update and upgrade car feature . the new event car is very cool must try this game . i have been playing this game since 2019 .tip:- high grip cars are best for covering long distances . must try .,1
mihir gupta : right now there's a bug,1
scrubby puffer : i was not expecting this game to be so enjoyable. the graphics are quite appealing (neither too real and neither too basic). i enjoy that you can collect different vehicles and different maps. overall it's a good mobile game.,1
kye i love big batteryzzz : nice,1
tharvindh nair : it's a really great game. it gives the vintage gangster feeling. i would have given 5 stars but the controls is a bit messsed up. other than that the game is really awesome. hopefully to see some improvement in the next update,1
mr waseem malik : not recommended who are looking for entertainment here why device : realme android v 10 issues: 1. car is running in an auto speed and even if you break it stop or doesn't stop 2. sensitivity is failed you can't turn car left or right in an appropriate way 3. car is running out of control ..,0
muhamad muzzamil : this is game is super fun but super buggy. there was one time in which the audio and the gameplay doesn't sync as if the audio is in slow-motion. the special model switch part after maxing coolness doesn't show up.,0
champions gaming : best game but i would like if we could customise cars by adding bumpers ,1
will ratcliff : awesome! for a racing app,1
asher girton : best mobile game i've played in a long time. ads are also not bogging up anything. you're able to play with absolutely no ads bothering and you can choose to watch them to revive,0
hayato kaichou : i like the graphics and the controller is easy but the issue are can you add some great cars... i played these game in 3 months and i notice some of the cars are old school... just my opininon dont take it seriously... i really like to drift in racing games and this game is really what i wanted can you add mustang,1
maddox king : great game to pass time. it isn't overly complicated so you don't need to get engrossed into the game to do well. it feels very nice and fluent to play. it is very rewarding to get new cars and maps. highly recommend to people who like cars and car physics.,1
deepesh gupta : i really love the graphics. just polish the car a bit in the environment. because it's odd to see a plan player car in la mirabelle and other cars reflecting the yellow fog. i will give it 5 stars coz it diservers it.,1
mohammad amin hamednia : nice game... but keep working on it,1
sebastian r. stadler : so far it's amazingly fun to play! controls not like a real racing game but more arcade style but i love the graphics and the names for the cars. good game to pass some time.,1
pranab ranjanmandal : great game for time passing,1
jared barowitz : i get that the controls are a bit weird,0
iyinoluwa akinsuyi : absolutely love this game. it's the perfect game for me to pass time and still enjoy it. i love all the attentyto detail and most especially the photo mode... i'd definitely recommend it even if you're not a car person.,1
mrtimmsy1986 : it was fun for a few hours,1
aggressive driver : while this is good and enjoyable driving game,1
daniel folkins : ads don't play after every crash,0
summerizemlee noobest : a very fun driving game. awesome looking art style,1
han solo : everything feels so well polished,1
trey carpenter : coins/caps need to be worth much more. there are so many cars to unlock and they take forever to even get cheap ones. other than that it's a good looking time killer!,1
muhammad umar : the game is not working after this latest update. it shows the brake feature and says to double tap,0
corey ince : addictively fun. the graphics are cool and artistic. the learning curve is low making it easy to get into and the difficulty ramps at a decent pace. enjoy playing it so far.,1
leni _ : really enjoyable,1
anmol mishra : overall a good game to kill time. love the pixelated graphics and some retro vehicle options. one feedback to devs: please please introduce a reotro-wave themed map? the retro vehicle would pair aesthetically well with it.,1
denver albertyn : good but could use some improvements,1
jussi riissanen : great game,1
the rel h : i like the style and the mechanics really well made,1
cold campfire : a quality game by dovelopers who care it's fun with loads of 80s cars and good controls its also realy fun with the drifting but to be honest the brakes just don't work i almost never use them most of the time instead of saving you they will just make you crash but apart from that its amazing,0
michael jones : absolutely no innovation or new game mechanics from the typical constant drive game. super similar to highway rider basically the same thing except with almost minute long video ads every like 3rd play. game also has a stupid mechanic where it locks a directional,0
gregory barlow : insanely difficult to control. no check points that i could see to help you progress. i don't mind ads and i love driving games but this one blows,1
duran crisostomo mario : the video is wonderful,1
samuel : great graphics,1
christian james villanueva : car selection is worst,1
dio tube : its a little bit hard but fun,1
dillan brooks : only review i made for a mobile game. fun and engaging gameplay,1
anthony aiello : steering controls feel as if the amount you turn suddenly increases after half a second of holding the button. could use some tweaking,0
jacob oberg : fun,1
grau : it's a decent game,1
aaron foster : it's an endless runner (driver i guess) with a lot of variety in both levels and cars. quite easy to get into but also tricky to master as things start to speed up.,1
mariano sanchez : this is a really good game. the right amount of ads and lots of unlockables.,1
jasjeet gill : amazing cartoony graphics with great gameplay. but sadly it doesn't open after the new update and crashes frequently and haven't gotten a refund for my in app purchases so it's sad that i can't play and enjoy this great game.,1
zeorynex : the game is really fun and challenging in longer runs,1
the debonauzer : i'm playing on oneplus 7 and since the first add popped up,1
ike king : i had played it and was enjoying the game but after the last update,0
ryland novak : amazing. i absolutely love this game and the design concept behind it. the maps are fun to drive on and the cars all are pretty cool. its fun to see how far you can get and how many caps you can collect!,1
estevao andre : i loved everything in this game! its graphics and old times theme are amazing. the gameplay is very arcade,1
cai martin : i can be in the app for about 10 seconds before it crashes every time. looks fun and,1
romeo alpha yankee : nice graphics and great selection of cars and maps. but in a long run,1
fast turtle : i like this game ,1
tdog adkins : great game. i love to drive around endlesley,1
mayank kumar gupta : way too hard. you can't practically control the car. it just keeps madly swerving in and out of lanes. on top of it all,1
endersbane : honestly in my opinion it is the best arcade driving game in the store. it has fun gameplay and amazing pixel art for the car. i really hope the developers continue to improve and make their games.,1
shah zaib : very very nice grapichs and controls the gameplay is amazing but their is a thing that makes this game boring which is that we have to travel on a single road their is only one road please please get a update in which we can change roads while driving and also add old models of beautiful corvette and ferrari,0
sledho : its pretty decent game,1
alex e : way too many 30+ second ads! i am usually fine with watching an ad to get another life or double your reward,0
benchi : love the game,1
louie tune : it's very easy to play and real graphics and very nice to see the full version download the free version and the best thing to work with a few words of wisdom teeth removed from work and effort to make a difference between what you were a lot to me with a white background and the other was a little while ago but it is not an intended,1
gabriele caredda : good game overall,1
surakshith sarathi : best game to play during quarantine days. just makes me mad when i realize that the controls are so sensitive,1
craig robb : pretty good fun,1
daniel : this is a reaaally cool game but the controls are difficult,1
an average fern : nice game. obviously the microtransactions are annoying but this game is *free* and they need to make their money somehow.,1
forsho : there are a lot of endless driving games but this one,1
dune nyc : game won't even load. i see the name flash,1
mojito : good game. i dont like the new braking limit though. it also kept prompting me to rate the game which is why im here. i like that they added the unlock all cars and tracks which they didnt have with the previous version,0
jochay ben tovim : takes a lot to learn to drive. meanwhile i don't now if the scenery changes and devoleps the further you go because i can't ride for more than 5 min straight. besides the difficulty it's entertaining and has great vibe.,0
alan simmons : game has smooth controls,1
quintus u-wei : pretty great game. some of the car names are funny. the game is fun overall and nothing is locked behind a paywall(thank goodness). didn't notice any bugs(other than the cars of course. pun unintended).,1
102 dhruv sirsaikar : this game is awesome!!!!! the graphics are really good. the gameplay is kind of soothing. and i actually love that some achievements are secret. the cars are also really good. overall,1
hypenzoo : i really love this game because there are so many cars to unlock. the controls are also very easy to learn,1
toonixon14 : honestly a great arcade game in the endless driving genre,1
samim akter : everything is ok just you need to more optimize,1
anthony parker : using p20 pro. games looks great but controls are terrible. i place my thumb/finger on the screen and the car slides out immediately,1
diycyberpunk : free version ads aren't overwhelming like other games. good game progression,1
aiman el_ghoul : the game is fun,1
l : lots of fun and pcisk you wanting to play more and unlock all the vehicles...... so ..... many..... vehicles,1
branescu alex : it's a cool game but it would be nice if u update more often the game.u can add more maps like france,1
nikhil manchanda : good game. on the last map,1
lachezar gorchev : driving is kind of oversteering and feels highly unnatural. the car explodes on a little touch. police just comes and crashes you. the scenes are repetitive. the fog narrows the viewing distance and it looks stupid.,1
keith david : this game is one the most fun time killers i've played yet,1
josh miller : good game. just started playing it. only gripe is controls. just wish it was slightly different controls. i switched them in settings and it works,0
happynespresso : excelent! the animations are glorious and carefully made. the gameplay is completely enjoyable. the content is filled up till the head,0
noy geu : really good game nice graphics but sometimes and puts a car in the wrong place.,1
tehue zapp : cool game,1
eric hedengren : not my favorite driving game. tends to have crappy graphics although the controls are consistent so that's a plus. i got bored of this game 2 minutes in i would not recommend. go check out asphalt 9 instead.,0
trenchiano : the controls are wack,1
bennie wazzle : i want to give it 5 stars,1
team komanga : super,1
my_true_identity : litterarly the best game on the appstore,1
anmol mittal : i would give it 5 stars if this game had multiple ways to drive. for example add intersecting roads to the game so we can turn in a direction if we want to. other than that i will give it 7 out of 10,1
vargo paradise : addicted game pls add more cars to improve your game,1
hydrolistic : it's really good and fun car driving and it doesn't force ads down your gamer throat. but you do have the option to use ads to make even faster progress.,1
tower lachesism : a little grindy for unlocking new locations,1
donald davis : greying out the unpurchased vehicles was a bad move. drive is a different game. you dont have to grey out simply because others does it. it would be good if you reverts back. cos,1
rae rai : i'm the kind of person who reads tos & privacy policies. i download the game and can't even access it. can't start playing without acknowledging the privacy policy,1
gangway : not a bad game,1
patrick marquette : challenging but easy to learn. lots of cars and tracks to drive on. i paid for no ads which greatly increases the enjoyment and availability to play without annoying ads!,0
jetro james panday : i love the graphics and effects. the controls are easy. i looking forward for more games with graphics like this please in the future with rpg genre.,1
stanley stephen abok : i love how simple and minimalistic this game is but im taking out a star because of the lack of driving tracks. other than that it is super awesome and i would definitely recommend this to anyone.,1
moon moni : really good game. great smooth control. very good graphics and artstyle. low ad. i like that u can skip some fuel stations. overall awesome...i wouldnt change anything abt this game...,1
oleksandr pohrebniak : one of the best mobile games. visuals and audio are beautiful,1
mayukha shamyu nayudu : the controls can initially be a little ticklish. but once you understand the mechanics and master it,1
richard day : tutorial worked fine. main game wouldn't load. needs work. based on tutorial,1
ben lam : the controls are terrible. 04/19 update. tried the new controls,0
indarkment : its one of the best games i have played tons of cars from diffrent sections to choose from maps are well made and each map has something new in it a good currency system easy controls and you can even upgrade your cars plus the coolness thing is awsome,1
mohit mohan mishra : i like the narration part,1
subin philip : while the game is good and graphics are kind of awesome,1
daniel myles : the controles are cool i love how the trackions under the tiers change what makes it interesting is how small the power up zones are (wonder if a pan cam would spice things up ...a nice zoom in and pan to the side on the car when passing another vehical or maybe a close shot when close to the walls but that would take some calculating for the sake of over all entertainment to be sustained with an alteration maybe another graphics enging with pan algorythems,1
tj baker : graphics are good,1
shadow hybrid : pretty fun time killer,1
raj ved : this game says the progress is saved by play games,1
arindam roy : the developer really gave attention to the overall experience with this game,1
aamir khan : handling at first is very hard but if you spend some time on it ,1
peter russell : a good game overall,1
bueas ink95 : amazing! hooked on this game. the visuals,1
christopher alvord : one of the best games i have ever played,1
yasmin nurlatifah hidayati : the graphics is very nice. i have a slighty slow reflex hand motions which made me easily bump in something and it really test my patience... but overall this is a good game!! thank you for the hard works.,0
matt luxton : really fun game. smooth colourful graphics. simple controls but challenging and addictive gameplay. love the various vehicles and the caricature style of them. recommended if you like your endless games or cars.,1
manu madhav : very impressive game i wish that you could add a few more cars and locations to make it interesting. otherwise,1
squeakn george : i thought this game was amazing the graphics a pretty good and it is so easy to collect cars all you have to do is complete tasks and there you go you have a car. i would highly recommend this game for any who are interested.,1
fajri andari : good graphic and simple,1
parth ry : love the zen gameplay... the game is beautiful... the devloper's efforts are well shown... won't ruin the rating just to get dev's attention,1
royal fox : the movie thing,1
y33t bruv : i really enjoy playing this game. the 70's cop chase,1
samsu nihar : it is a very good game to play if you have not played any other games in android. or just a new one in big screen phone. may be the worst game on phone. the camera mode is a big deal to handle . also controls made this game more irritating . my request to the play store users please don't install . you will have to lost your mbs just.....,0
clixbrigidxterx : cons: i paid for it already but i still get ads. pros: great art style,0
vinay raikar : steering controls is tough - didn't work as expected. the beginner lessons could be better in terms of guiding users about controls. spent couple of minutes and got frustrated with the steering.,0
alex paez : opting out of their privacy stuff forces you to accept it when going back into the app. top 5 star review says ads are optional but that's total bs.,1
steve russell : the in-app purchase seems to revert with each update. i've paid for it twice now,1
nuansa kautsar : addicting game. it's similar to a lot of games. it's basically a running game. what i like about it is the visuals and graphics. not realistic,1
norbert goczi : i like the game so far. it's a pretty alright little game to kill some time with. by the way,1
zavaron : add more maps and something else except that straight street all the to your crash. maybe you could make different ways which will lead you through the maps you have. nice game. already have all the maps and a 100 extra postcards.,0
lincoln k : very jard to control. kept hitting breaks and sometimes they worked,0
thatguyjacobee : amazing game with great graphics and effects,1
adithya : unique masterpiece. great work by developers. graphics,1
enomic silver : game is amazing only thing that i have a problem with is the brakes,1
lokesh raj 2054 : i love the game,1
yezika rodriguez : this game is really enjoyable from the graphics to the music. but the controls are so hard to move the car,1
soothsayer 4281 : i play a lot of mobile games and this game pissses me off more than almost any game i've played. it's obvious that time and effort went into the game,1
rens kwakkenbos : pretty good,1
lapura the snep : this is a pretty fun game. when i just want something to do i can "drive" for a while and enjoy the art style. the challenges make it so you have something to do while you drive to keep it interesting. so try it maybe,1
low budget films : pretty good but needs more. the game feels like the older need for speed titles in terms of driving,1
jo heck : a great game,1
cam cam : this game is fun,1
xx mrspudguns xx : this game is a great time waster,1
troit : the game is good,1
ben maser : nice simple time killer. forced ads are low. doesn't take forever for upgrades. shadow cars?,1
pure agression : this is definitely a cherry game. what i mean by that is this is the kind of thing you find after searching for months. definitely somthing i look forward to progressing in. i recommend anybody who has the money to buy the no ads cause with them your experience will be ruined.,0
melu muyanga : this is a really amazing game the graphics are good the cars are brilliant and the locations are really fun but the game would be really fun if you added more power ups and increase the strength of the cars and add some turns but otherwise great game,1
akbar syahputra : interesting choice of games. this game is easy to learn but hard to master. various obstacles and challenge makes it interesting. the graphic was clasically awesome with great music,1
nomar zamora : i feel as there needs to be more maps and a little more cars to keep the game active also there is a glitch with the caps powerup where if you get the boost and die but watch an ad to be revived the caps boost keeps going for the rest of the game.,0
adidas slav : the cartoony graphics are very well designed,1
andrew jonathan : i love this game. but this game need 1 improvement. please let the player check the objective while playing. i mean let the player see the objective when the player click the pause button. that will make the player finish the objective faster.,1
amurillo reno : suggestion. could you guys possibly add daily missions/rewards? grinding the cap back then was okay since we didn't have to worry about upgrading our vehicle stats,1
mahan siamian : love your game... but need more things such as a zen mode with no traffic,1
kyle mcmillin : i think its better than drag racing and all the other car simulaion games but it would be better if the controlles was the same as the other games tho. its just arrows and u cant control the gas pedal only the break pedal,1
declan venter : one of the most fun games ive played and there are no lags or anything wrong like adds are to long or kicks you out and there are a lot of cool cars to choose from and the option to put on the coolness is soo amazing!!!,0
aiden gard : simple but really enjoyable game,1
bendik herlofsen : looks good but i hate the toyota prius style of driving,1
ohmtrix : very nice game entertaining,1
jack martin : cool enjoyable game. the gameplay is simple but challenging,1
rushil agarwal : the numbering of the cars is not in sequence or they should be an option that we could change the sequence in numerical or by type of cars,1
alyx g raff : really fun casual driving game. the simplistic gameplay hides challenging turns especially when trying to pickup powerups without crashing. definetly check this out if your a fan of casual racing games.,1
baris atesli : awesome game. only would be better if you could unlock more cars with challenges. that would be awesome. other than that. maybe more challenges. awesome game!,1
thomas offord : the game has very good visuals. but after about 1 minute of play time you will have done everything the game has to offer. other than unlock cosmetics,0
joseph birdseye : good fun at first,1
trevon mckinley : amazing. really fun and cartoons. the physics are great. ot takes a little getting used to but it will just click. my new fav game. (classic muscle cars please) more free roam would be awesome too. i love you guys.,1
dunderhead 2000 : i like the graphics and the playstyle of it and i do appreciate a unique way of practicing. however i might appreciate it even more if there is a tutorial of how to drift or give me a heads up that there is a score multiplier if you drift :>,0
still alive : good game overall ,1
uhhhwapple : i would give it a 5 star,1
merubemo tungoe : it's freakin awsome but there's tonnes of improvements that can be made.like adding small bumpy short cuts,1
ajinkya pande : a very simple game with nice graphics,1
karamjit singh : the game was very nice ,1
emmanuel ukoni : it's really cool... with the reset option.. totally exceptional,1
saud amir : this is an amazing game and i really like it but so sad little timmy couldn't play it,1
utg : very good game,1
rajeshkumar langhnoda : one of the best car game. plese add new city(of india). nice game.,1
john becker : little hard to drive,1
stanley nakis : controls are the only reason i didn't mark it with 5 stars,0
medi yali : good game but.. the rate which the ad is going is borderline ridiculous.. gameplay-wise. the slaloms make it difficult yet they're what make this game fun,1
wessel driessen : fun and fair. game provides lots of cars and an increasingly complicated learning curve. amount of in-game money earned is very fair,1
tito cruz : it's worth the 2.99 to get the add free version. did not disappoint.,1
ali rennie : didn't like control's at all,0
gilmatic : fun when you learn it! you have to play some games to get better! firstly: lots of negative reviews. let me be the first to say you people seem impatient,1
aleksandar zigrai : 10/10 game i love it first game on phone that i actually like,1
rou lis : amazing graphics with funny commentary. all around this game has a lot of character and a wide selection of cars and sceneries to pick. super relaxing and fun too!,1
ooga balooga : one of the prettier endless drivers out there. art direction is solid,1
satveer dhayal : i enjoyed a lot,1
wong jimmy : a very interesting game to pass the time. my only suggestion is that developer should make it easier for players to choose their vehicle of choice in this game. something like filtering search would be sufficient,1
vito melodia : overall this game is ok. just ok. funny enough but not to keep you entertained for a long time. art stile and soundtrack are good. progression is slow,0
some buddy : wicked fun game with a cute art style that screams fun. this game is what you would expect car driving with little realism to be. this game gives you a new kind of fun. the game is simple but becomes a challenge,1
leena bindra : game is nice. amazing concept. just add breaking system to the cars. some time some situations occur when i want to slow down car but there is no brake in it.,0
fadli kurniawan : minus the vision,1
bill whitlock : i love this game! it's not an easy game,1
sanchit vaidya : such a nice game with poly style graphic with no lags it's awesome and fun to drive lots of different cars and it's addictive but you can add more stuff like power ups which we get on road while driving and add contract like stealing car ,1
devon wood : this game is a beautiful combination of unique controls,1
ibraheem hoseen : i love this game but please have different options so u could play as a plane or boat too i hope your game becomes the best,1
sai surya nattuva : pretty fun to play with simple controls and no annoying ads. decent graphics and cute little cars. love the narration that goes on in the background!,1
pubg montages : i liked this game very much as it is great time killer it dont matter if it is animated but its amazing once in a blue moon a car will come out of nowhere looking completely lost then the subtitles starts the co driver stsrts speaking about his experience and then the car crashes the game is over well great controls great graphics awesome game i had a great experience in playing this game so i give a bunch of thanks to the creators thank you thanks pixel perfect dude,1
rombout versluijs : game looks nice,1
g r : very fun game to play on the go,1
vpul1605 : definitely this is worth giving a shot....a beautiful game.... it's really addicting...loved it... guys ... trust me developers had done amazing work.. slight changes on how each city looks from each other would be awesome....but nevermind!!,1
abu muhammad jubair : an awesome game. offline. lots of cars. cool graphics. cops. cartoonish look. easy to score and store. challanging but simple controls. cars dont crash unless you hit something head on. very fun game.,1
reymundo barrera : it is an amazingly fun game. i really enjoy playing it because it is a very straightforward experience and gameplay. the mechanics are excellent as well as the graphics. it is an extremely polished game and the attention to detail is pretty good. very recommendable.,1
officialisaiah._.916 : its a good game to play in class,1
adrian ojog : properly done game! can't wait for new locations and cars! would love to see some more development,1
leddius : review after 15 minutes of play. crashed your car ? revive it with an ad to keep going. no prob there. love the art style and lots of fun so far trying to shake off the cops. great time waster.,1
nathan winstanley : great game all the different cars are cool but the one thing that needs to be improved is the drifting mechanics as in the older version it was better where as now it's just basically driving straight.,0
chandler s. : a pretty calm and clean game. this is kind of a new one for me,1
juan martinez : immediately asked for consent to my personal data . no thank you,1
sagar solanki : really enjoying the game. love the cool cartoony graphics and nice soundtracks that come with each track.. keep adding more cars and locations to keep the game interesting.,1
khalid salman : this was really a great game under this amount of game size,1
shreddy 03 : its a great and cool game there are many car options and many map options to but i would love it even more if you guys add more maps more speed cars and a wheel control setting overall its a great game if you want to drive endlessly.,1
rishabh gusain : the game is literally fabulous,1
marc nadeau : fun little driving game,1
jin : boring but nice quality and idea just make a target to the game. :),0
qwerty : this is the best drift race game i've ever seen,1
mike andrea : love the new ui i kinda like the new ui,1
brian jackson : its a really good game and all its just that i wish that you could modify your car like if you change the rims but also i wish that there was a mode where you could do races against npcs and other players and i also wish that when you drift that you could pull the handbrake,0
_fry!ng_pan_ : amazing game,1
david busev : pretty fun game. not too many ads so it's playable,1
xonion-chanx : graphics are not bad. i like it when there are so much to see. plus the 3d screen in the garage really looks decent. i love playing these types of games! keep up the good work!,0
sketch 61762 : i liked it,1
p : ill give you three stars cause the controls are sucks dude 1: you should fix the break because its really stress the break put it at once and then inst working ihate that dude 2: you should ad tilt to make me a easy feels ihate those buttons dude 3:add new cars ihate old cars so add new cars example nissan skyline,0
australian fbi : very good,1
a s t h e t i c a l y p l e a s i n g : an amazing game for racing fans. controls arent hard at all,1
michael salazar : it's honestly pretty impressive for a phone game as far as the selection of cars but i feel like the controls are a tad bit too jank for what they're trying to portray.,0
okay okay : very well optimized game. real time motion in background without any lagness. various types of vehicles to unlock and to upgrade them by collecting caps by playing the game. very nice animation .,0
sourabh kotwaliwale : fantastic gaming experience! the music makes it even better but on reaching the max level,1
wilfredo de leon : it's a good game and the graphics are stunningly good. i recommend adding more stuff for controls like steering wheel,1
weylin renison : fun and beautiful time waster with enough motivation to keep playing to discover new maps and purchase other cars. the breaking mechanic is a bit strange and difficult to use.,1
peter gunther : great game,1
gentry meer : this is a wow for me. at first i don't like to play it because i am scared to try new ones,1
don diwauripo thefirst : just started playing the game. loving it. especially the no ads as yet part,1
ashirbad behera : i thought controls were made difficult on purpose,1
tom noneofyourbusiness : good game. extremely favourable amount of ads. really nicely designed. good level progression. quite addictive. please give me an option to turn off that annoying voice.,1
illusion animation : extremely good game ( graphics,1
menardo mina : latest update says brakes added,0
paul moore : pretty solid distraction every once in a while. kind of feel like an old arcade game in a very good way,1
kenneth thompson : great game the graphics are nice,1
robert dausinger : i enjoy this game,1
vitor goncalves : pretty chill game but entertaining. the steering buttons on the left are too close to the edge,0
ruvan geo : i love it but it is to hard,1
toe tet aung : it's a really good game i play every day for fun,1
geraldo harold : perrrfect! the game works well,1
zion nimchuk : the gameplay itself is good,1
jt pido : pretty good. i'd like it better if the ads were entirely optional. plus seems a bit too grindy. overall tight driving and decent content/replayability.,1
max gorton : unplayable. as soon as i opened the game,1
jakov l ice l doric : it's about as good as can be,1
dody alkarim : the game is actually a fun and simple time wasting when you just need a quick getaway. the microtransaction in this game is not even that expensive,1
gamer playz : controls are way too difficult,0
chief lol gamer : i thought this game is going to be a 3d racing but looking at the graphics its a like a potato pc,1
brandon flisram : very fun game. many different vehicles to choose from and challenges to complete. great game to kill time with. would love to see an 18 wheeler added!!,1
sumeet jena : the game is pretty cool and creative but sometimes has a lot of interruptions and gets stuck half of the time. it gets resolved temporarily only after restarting the app.,1
al marc : ok i have been playing this game now for 3 days. it is way too difficult to even be a game. just be prepared to crash every 10 seconds. leveling up don't mean anything. coins don't add up making buying new cars or even changing he color of the car impossible. honestly,0
d s : the gameplay is good graphics are also beautiful but controls are a bit hard. but overall this game is good. my suggestion is to make this a multiplayer racing game.,1
clever mind jr : awesome work. the graphics ,1
alex neil : neat little game. judging by the graphical style and infinite drive concept i was hoping it would have a nice synthwave soundtrack but it doesnt. this would be my advice for improvement,1
nick franco : it is amazing but i feel like there could be a little more diversity on the levels but besides that it is a great game and you just turn off your wifi or airplane mode so no ads,1
alexis ortega : i thought it was going to be a boring game... but i was clearly wrong! it's amazing with great graphics and i love the narrators voice and how he makes it feel like ur the one driving and he's on the passenger seat. ( ),1
gesse olausen : i played this a couple years ago,1
cristobal sepulveda : very disapointed. when i saw this game i thought it looked interesting visually. but instead i got a cheaper version of data wing with ads and inapp purchases. wish it felt better,1
brandon washington : great game,1
rexo : polished,1
paul lanxade : very fun,1
nathanael taylor : really fun,1
justin newman : just started but i really like the difficulty and the challenge.,1
cfnr railfan : i really do love the game,1
chaitanya kiran pullela : endless racing is something that has attracted me. the graphics are awesome. it would be nice if you can add an option to adjust the touch sensitivity to steer the car. kudos.,1
jake in the cloud : is super addictive,1
mk achu : aswsome graphics,1
alex fields : well balanced gameplay. beautifull graphics. optimistic narrative as cherry on top. game goes with arcade handling. i play it from time to time and keep in my apps list,1
a g : absolutely fantastic. i love the car designs,1
shoeb chouhan : after the update of the game it become more interesting and more challenging. more cars and levels makes the game perfect. best game everyone should play atleast once and they will get addicted.,1
george varghese : this game is great but i am giving it 4 stars because there is no extra levels & new colours to customize your car if there was levels like paris,0
lucasperson : i have been playing this game for a long time,0
trust t. process : pretty dope. thought it'd be a little easier to drive but i may have to adjust the sensitivity. challenging but not too difficult. i'm assuming it's the driver doing the talking and he has a good sense of dry humor.,0
karl abraham : it's seems like an ok game. what took me out of it,1
dazed hxns : this game is top 3 of the best offline games this is just the perfect game it would be more fun if you can make 3 camera zoom selections like 1 is near 2 is standard and 3 is far person view so i can play music and act like it's a real road trip!,1
sebastian pettit : i absolutely loved this game before the update with the white boxes and all. i changed devices but was signed into google play before switching but now that im using my new device all my progress is gone except for my best distances for each location. please revert back to the old vehicle selection interface.,0
a presley : nice game,1
vimukthi ediriweera : amazing graphics,1
luke krayeski : really amazing endless driving game,1
perodua kancil : this update was better and perfect then before....cars and places also improve the combination between american muscle and jdm is very beatiful...i love it very much....the zen mode are the infinity driving...i love the photo mode this was i looking for and its can capture the beautiful moment....this is the perfect apps in playstore i have been download before,0
asyraf tojiman : theres a bug. the graphics and the actual occurences is not align. i kept hitting the "invicible" car eventho the graphic shows the cars is still far in front.,0
adam place : mechanics are fun,1
shubham singh : i like this endless runner with retro style and limit less vehicles to choose from. but what i didn't like was the level missions are repetitive and way too grindy.,0
abdulrahman alsaleh : i wasn't expecting that much fun from a game like this but i think i was wrong its good fun well made game easily can be one of the best games in the store 5/5 there only something is i dont see the different when i upgrade the vehicle or when i changed it like they all the same with a small change,1
jarred japtha : this game is awesome when you online and playing it lags but is quite simple also for an update the developers could add an endless mode so that you can drive through all the countries and you could earn some good money.,0
ib aj ya : good game,1
gemini rueq : excellent game. a little hard to grind. but not essential. ads are optional so its a plus. really good job. no crashes,1
lostwispz12 : its pretty fun,1
ehtesham feroze : i rated it 4 stars cos when resetting everything there is a glitch which keeps the achievements please fix it but if it is a feature then add the option to reset those as well once you fix/add this i will rate it 5 stars.,0
pushp parag : not free to play. after a few races,0
matthew wiese : enjoyable content with a variety of cars to choose from,1
wan jaapar : good graphic and retro. but the steering control seems a bit challenging to me. maybe i need to upgrade the car so it wont drifting while connering.,1
mike hjorleifson : every time the cops chase it freezes for a second and then i'm in the wall. not really fun at that point. fix this issue and you'll get 4 stars. otherwise it's pointless to even play atm. getting pissed off....about to uninstall.,1
shirwatel simini : i can see some real potential for this game !!! cool graphics,1
anthony bechara : i was really surprised with this game,1
noodle soup : controls don't work half the time and the gameplay gets boring real quick. large selection of cars but they are insanely overpriced.,0
arjun chakraborty : i need to drive "the boogie" to lvl up from 12 to lvl13.... but the boogie unlockes at lvl 15!!!!??!!!! this doesn't make sense. i hope the developer looks at it,0
sarthak gangwar : the graphics and the gameplay is great but the handling of the car is a bit difficult. also you could add a level up system and missions to complete. this will make the game more enjoyable,1
sefino dimitri : cool,1
abi smajlovic : a bit hard to drive but really good,1
aqeem qadir : god tame just that could you make the raid wider so that it will be easier to do be and lesson the near by cars please?,1
jairus emil galano : its good to play this game but i wish itwas multiplayer but i still like it,1
abhinav deepak : i love this game. the graphics are really good. i love the uniqueness of this game,1
keyur khakare : it's good it is good but anyways i'm posting this hoping that i might get a car that's all,1
javier soesilo : simple yet addictive,1
aukem lingo : great game the graphics is nice,1
jerlin galeano : i like the game it's simple but pretty fun,1
adriana jeffers : good game! great controls!,1
braden stamper : doesn't even work. i played the tutorial to just get a feel for how the game works and then i got taken to the car select menu and i can't do anything from there except get told to upgrade to max coolness.,1
james clarke : fun games with not back grafics,1
grigoris afouxenidis : steers me into walls on its own just so i pay?! this is the only app that has this kind of problem.,1
shannon rosen : underrated. really underrated. great game.,1
pops : good. could do with easier movement possibly,1
arif rahman sukarno : good game,1
techno flash : simple but really addictive,1
abdelrhman abdallaha : offline good graphics easy control funny,1
cameron lopez : nice relaxing game to play for hours on end,1
rahman maelah : well this games is good but can u make it online,1
meki nalewabau : it's really fun for quarantine time,1
swag saunders : fun hard game can play lots,1
valiarah : fun and simple,1
blue nightmare : fun car go scert scert ber ber speed go fast,1
tunlin oo44 : nicee graphic and game play,1
game downloader : great game like the style and it's nice and chill,1
muhammad salman : this game is so good it gives me nostalgia i played it before also good vibes,1
vincenzo ruocco : pretty nice and simple game,1
sanjay : super graphics good game,1
jb python : i dont have the exact adjectives to describe it but this game is really good for reasons such as art style,1
matej mosnacek : nice graphics,1
atsus ssad : this one of the most amazing games i've ever played! the art style,1
ready foxy : it an very fun you should download it,1
shaun rodgers : great game,1
ryan chen : its fun,1
chris harrison : i get that it's a business making apps,1
joao machado : cool design but the gameplay itself is repetitive. controls are a bit frustrating,1
joshua powell : the game is just my fave driving game,1
furqat zaripov : honestly,1
matt campbell : it's a lot of fun to do runs on my lunch break. you will have to spend real money if you want any of the really cool cars in a reasonable timeframe. worth it for some of them. there's no in-app purchase that are just totally unreasonable.,1
eric kasyoka : this game is awesome. adjusting sensitivity fixes controls,1
juneid mosaheb : an excellent driving game with beautiful tracks & atmosphere. so rare on the play store. make it easier to unlock new tracks please. to other players: buy new cars for better control. add new tracks themed around the beach & sea.,1
oyebade john : it was cool but the graphics should be improved and there should be nothing like dohnut and the controls apart from those three the game is extremely cool,1
pooja soni : what a control this car i love this video game i not love this game i love full game amazing graphics amazing locations and amazing game,1
cosah thabang : i don't know myb is because i have played better games before,1
russ m : i had the game installed and it would run for approx 45 seconds and then just freeze and become unresponsive,1
rio sadikin : it's not a racing game! it's like an endless runner type of game only with cars. i really enjoy it since i like to drive. and the ads are not intrusive or annoying.,1
samuel mracka : visually great,1
andrew : like this game so far..steering is sensitive but i think it's.supposed to be as the car drifts really well. just takes a bit of practice using brake and steering at same time also.,1
lucas t. : i like the cars and all the mechanics,1
69 paths : the game is actually really good! the graphics are gorgeous,1
ethan hadley : i love it! quick and easy to pick up,1
kokomiiixx : great game. easy to get cars. i love the maps. easy to upgrade cars too. it would be better if you add more cars,1
zhr : died during tutorial. could no longer do tutorial. figuring out how to play,1
s.vaseen tharan : this very nice game i like this game i need more updates the best game i have never played very very very very very very very veey very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very hdhzkvuzivuzivzlhzjcyozt9h8sivgoypfoitidtsof6s9t6e0g6e88ey9duohxpkfidydjdyofsydjxuclxcidykgydigiuuioof7w7gpfiidifigood game,2
anthony birch : the graphics,1
web web : i have been playing this game for many times but it's still exciting and i am still trying to get all cars and all paints.also i am looking forward to another update and lot of new cool cars like lamborghini,0
brandon c : this game is so much fun,1
hafizullah ibrahim : why i'm stuck at loading please fix it,1
samurai2 : good and great voice lines and it has gyro and nice cars and adding more cars it will make the game better,1
taqee hassan : never played a game like this before,1
linux in a bit : very good app. i like it very much. great visuals. i play it on a seperate device because it crashes on android 4.4. please fix this issue.,1
andrew hart : i want slightly more control of the car for example i wish we could hold a drift better. apart form that this is great game and passes time well.,1
copernicus stoner : pretty fun time killer. tons of different vehicles and types to choose from. gameplay is your standard drive and dodge game,1
qutbuddin pardawala : a very unique game implementation from the navigation perspective. the free board navigation and the 3d depth effect work great and gameplay remains simple yet fun. the background score and comments are hilarious too. kudos,1
mayuresh sonawane : i love how the controls and physx are put together.....the only drawback i can see is the ui / in game color optimization is little bit on dull side...(hard to read fuel and donut signs..it can be better),1
julius dela rosa : very awesome and unique graphics. though steering is a bit hard for using it the first time. overall,1
jc del castillo : overall good game.. just wish the controls were better.. its a bit annoying to control the car.. a tilt to steer would be nice.. and different camera angles..,1
patric burns : great game. very simple,1
maxmax : the steering takes time ti get used to but it's pretty good,1
tim shackleford : extremely repetitive game. all of the "towns" look exactly the same,1
asgamingandmusic : fantastic game- i feel the progression system works fine. there are microtransactions,1
d man : this game is a really good game,1
kristina james : great game,1
cran rgo : no complaints,1
andreas 1 : great game and amazing controls. can't wait to see what comes in the future!,1
abdoul aziz mbacke : great game very addictive. just one less star because of the very approximative controls...,1
eli preston : awesome fun and also adicting,1
slack3r : fun overall,1
scappley : beautiful game! there are no flaws as of now except that it is too addicting!,1
renso kithan : it's a cool game and i like the graphics and also it has cool cars.,1
brendon fraser-bell : very fun and time consuming once you get used to the controls,1
nguyen hoang duy khang : this is not a story game but there high speed car and those fancy i drive like high speed drive,1
family terrill : wonderful game! you ride in an epic car and overcome challenging obsticals!,1
no1_tx3o n01 : really fun to play,1
riccardo mendola : real fun.. i think controls could be better but this is detinitely good.,1
basil!!!!! the pumpin' seagull : please add an option to turn off the driver's commentary. it is very annoying.,0
rimata alden : i love the selection of the cars. truly,1
orion ring : nice graphics,1
daniel roman : wish the car menu was better and way to better track the challenges in game,1
rachael miller : i like the game but when buying the later maps they can get a bit expensive,0
01. adi muzaki : nice graphic,1
danrickfam : adrenaline!!! getting those drift is my dream! alot of cars to collect,1
gummywormjim vods : solid driving game. wonderful to relax and just drive.,1
/ breaker : honestly,1
mr. beserker : the controls take some getting used to,1
yasin ghasemi : good game but need some more excitement,1
deadlyotaku23 o : it's a little difficult to get used to the controls but it's still a fun game,1
balaji kachare : nice game . best graphics,1
n kumars : this is one awesome game,1
douglas hopkins : very good can there be different controls to make it easier,1
jack pearce : this is the best car game available to mobile beautiful graphics smooth game play and overall great game,1
gunsmoke : pretty fun to play to pass time but progression is pretty slow,1
edgar garcia : fun game so far. love the mechanics anr the ads arent im your face like most games,1
banzic : good little game with character,1
johnathan alexander : i love it although the ads are annoying but i dont mind,0
kit mackinnon : really good,1
hylian ollie : just amazing it feels like a game that even when i'm not bored i'm going to play it's just really fun,1
cameron morris : great game it has great graphics good handling and is pretty adictive a strait 5/5,1
blueflames xp1 : i have never got to play this game .everytime i time i try it kicks me out of the game can you pls fix this.i also likethe graphics,1
mr. wilson : fun game addicting a little bit hard to start up but still very fun,1
siddharth dubey : awesome but o think it's controls should beadeuch viable but overall it's awesome,1
brody janzen : perfect endless driving game with a very fair monetization model.,1
athena de nicola : it's a very good game actually,1
m. irsyaduddin : like the concept and the game but stilm give 5 star event the control a little dumb,1
luka stojanovski : i love this game but i would like if they add a bar that should show you how much coins you have,0
oluwadamilola samuel : the graphics is making sense also i think more steering options should be add,1
dzombaj_ga : it's an ok game,1
tre'von reynolds : love the game but needs better system for earning coins.,1
diego estrada : fun game,1
mobile gamer : good game with good graphics,1
vamshi goud : this is a hidden gem and price to remove ads is also reasonable.,1
gatij shakyawar : amazing game!! good animation.... really love it!!!,1
sadler salou louis : love the 3d details they put on the cars,1
luke hiebert : seems pretty fun,1
robert berrier : great art. limited and boring gameplay.,1
yo yo : it's fun and hard at the same time nice graphics too,1
elijah mccure : vet nice game,1
adam zadra : wonderfully addictive,1
riley hockett : solid mechanics,1
freighter-845 : cool game,1
curt curtis : good controls,1
tushar behera : by far the beat solo car driving game it has amazing graphics and a sly sense of humor. having a lot of fun playing this game. the controls are a bit different and will take time to get used to it but damn it feels good to drive the car in the game.,1
atif hussain : like the new control options,1
gabriel lord : super chill,1
z a mughal advocate : this game is amazing. the thing that is the most funny is the subtitles that appear at the bottom of the screen. the music is amazing. and the controls and the real feel that comes when you play it. it is worth a five .,1
ruwan amarakoon : amazing game amazing graphics,1
dj john : great game but there is an issue with the police every single time the police appear my game glitches out and sends me into a building which is annoying because i cant get past a certain point withough dying.,0
kevin : starts,1
ethan plaatjies : this is a great game and experience and is full of exploration and endless driving. it's runs smoothly with no ads. this game is worth downloading for.,1
kirk abando : alot of ads. more ads than game play.,0
thunder bolt : my experience is : drive crazy!! #drive is so fun to play but i hope the camera views will be available in next update to change the top view to 3rd person or interior. i hope that #drive creators make an option to change the artistic or pixelic view to real and awesome graphics one like forza. but this is a really amazing game.,1
wandanial krekjoke : this is excellent game i've ever played. the gameplay feels the classic mood. just adjust speed cars category to have more steering capability. well its too fast to handle.,1
chris henry : did the tutorial and after that couldn't get to the actual game. got stuck on the upgrade screen with no money to upgrade or way to earn it. unless i'm just reeeeeally stupid,0
sandro bujiashvili : awesome game! im recomending it to everyone!,1
g : wish it was playable. you have to collect coins to progress,1
market gaming : this game is pretty fun to play when bored,1
bill blunt : i love the art style looks really great. this game is bloody hard tho,1
brayden weems : overall great game,1
google docsslidessheets : the best car game i ever played. good graphics,1
alexandros gkagkatsis : great game nice chill music with decent graphics,1
ronald villaruz : loved the simplicity of the game yet very addictive and fun. top notch graphics and fluid controls. please add more tracks and cars with the next update. thanks,1
steampunkfiend : the experience that this game offers is superb. it's smooth and sleek with a very polished feel. the art isn't stylized but gives that unique feel of a game like no other.,1
growpocalypse : you must agree to their privacy policy to play. looks like it'd be fun,1
arihant ahir : fix the bug- after car crash,1
smokie burnout 29 : goog game but there us a glitch where the cars are invisible ang you can only see the shadow,1
blakis : really annoying. the idea of the game is cool but the controls oh boy are they anoying. it is sooo hard to control the dumb car. it turns too fast. got really anoying and was not satisfied. looked cool from the ads dowloaded it and just got frustrated.,1
luca buoro : this game is beautiful. the controls are customizable and easy,1
meliodas : at first i was skeptical but once i got into it i found myself addicted to see how far i can actually get,1
danrc : absolute garbage,1
art_bl : good game and visuals,1
brad paul : first time trying this and im already on love lol. its a rlly nice game,1
dan otten : nice and relaxing game with a large number of retro cars and cool graphics. there's not a lot of maps to drive through,1
chong min jing : can you have an option of selecting the cars that i have owned instead of having to scroll through the whole section to search the cars you want. thank you. other than that this game is fun and addictive,1
jorge daniel aguiar : it is a fine game,1
teddy the espurr : surprisingly great for a endless runner,1
tauhid amin : very good game. all is like real. thanks,1
censor : this game plays fluidly,1
ashiful haque : actually fun gameplay for once. the car models are designed with care and subtle nuance. the retro style graphics are good.,1
johnny reggae : i used to play a similar game on the amiga and later on evolving consoles,1
rishav sagar : very good game for time pass. music +#drive=love it,1
buyung hanham : simple graphics,1
john triska : would give 4,1
gab lol : a good driving simulator,1
timothy bryant : it may seem not a very good game,1
david logan : 2b honest there isn't much that's grabbed my attention.the thing is i don't know why either as it appears to be a decent game.just lacking something to grab me it's just driving collecting bottle caps so far it's been just long flat roads with a few cars & petrol stations.now i am saying this as use forced me to rate use guys only after a few short games here & there i gave it a go 2day as im cleaning my phone out & not 2 sure if i'll even keep this l grind on & see if it's worth keeping or not,0
jagadish war rao : game is good but you can add some levels.game has lot of cars and some maps. controls are smooth.music is nice and all,1
austin b : played this few years ago and was great now right when i open tells me pay money to get rid of ads. i dont remember for sure but dont even remember ads at all in this app.,1
ric william : good casual racing game. if you're a fan of car racing games,1
parikshit dafedar : i have installed it in redmi note 7pro and the sound is very odd. it pixelates. it feels like the sound is being played in very slow motion. please fix it.,0
sam fox : i love this game so much it's worked through all the various phones i've had no matter the processing power and quality of it and it's always a easy time i really reccomend it if you're looking for a easy going but engaging driving game,1
nikhat khan : the game is lit but you can add multiplayer in it and a variety of choosing colours. appreciated your effort and if you don't add multiplayer atleast consider local multiplayer (lan) ,1
nikhilpreetsingh sanghera : driving physics is good but i think they should add more of collision physics rather then just end the game with just one contact with other cars. it will be more fun then.,0
sam mckeown : nice endless racer,1
bnadem panrmal : great unique graphics,1
doedoel : when i first saw this,1
zack royds : controls abit hard to use but credits are hard to earn,1
punith raghavan : only the controls are bit tough,1
orange flame : thank you for the controls update! so much better! need to master the new controls too but its already better than the basic. would you consider put a fallout styled car into the game? like a chryslus corvega styled car,0
dave lane : it's not fun. the ads make it where the game isn't worth playing .,1
ethan howe : it is a very good game. nothing wrong with it so far! if you download it now you get a new free world!,1
laz zie : its good,1
phill gardinier : nice cartoon graphics. plenty of car options to choose from. feels like an old style arcade game. slightly repetitive but still fun at its core.,1
7 grand dad : the games cool,1
leon douglas : this is crazy,1
varun bansode : horrible controls even the gameplay is not fun,1
smita khakare : i would have given 10 stars but there are only 5.i mean,0
aviation07 : i really like the game. but you should add car upgrades and please make the repairing station access a bit easier. i also really like the graphics.,1
matt tagoai : it's fun. the level up system is addictive and the controls get a little getting use to but once you got it,1
v. r prasad : love the graphics,1
keshav pratap : ads with in-app purchases for in game currency always annoys me. atleast make the graphics good the graphics is horrible,0
nick squire : addictive fun! just a really fun time waste. doesn't require any time just something you can play for a couple minutes have some fun and turn off. perfect little mobile game!,1
roger j afalla : fun,1
christopher coster : an insult to the genre to call this a driving game. there are arcade driving games then there's this heap where your car always accelerates and your brakes run out. it's nothing more than endless runner with car graphics pasted on top. avoid.,1
moiz husain : nice game though its not my cup of tea,1
braxton griswold : very good game but me my brother and my sister and a few friends waould love it if u could add computer controls please add computer controles so i dont have to use the mouse it keeps getting lost while i am looking at the scenery.,0
xiaro 5 : overall i think for a mobile phone this should at least receive a lot of attention,1
priyam gupta : this game has a lot of potential !! superb graphics and gameplay. you can bring different kind of game modes like roadrage,1
dracyan25 : the grafics are amazing and the cars are sweet,1
bishan deka : one problem...it's extremely hard to keep track of the cars you have...there should be a separate section for the cars you own..please look into it and make it more user-friendly,0
fire phoenix : it's great. amazing graphics and everything. really good with the 3d look in the garage and when we're choosing a place. really cool.,1
kate giffen : an absolutely wonderful game,1
sarwin r.s : wow fantastic grafics ....i love it ..... best car game which i have played ever...i love...it there are many vehicles and maps...a only one thing ,1
sparsh sharma : best game in racing catagory . i wonder how simple and efficient game controls are . this game has everything which is needed in racing game and look at its size . it has literally 100 of vehicles and all of them can be modded!! . in next update please make a concept of multiplayer and pvp great game . if you are bored of all racing ges on play store try this,1
jordan sobrino : endless driving games have been done to death,1
renz hatake : the game is awesome,1
ed miner : pretty cool game,1
yeswanth kasarapu : it's a fantastic game and the graphics are minimal once you start playing you get addicted to the game kudos to the developers for developing such a game try to develop a bike mode & motion controls in #drive from india.,1
blackie hideaki : just a few minutes in and i just love how it plays and looks! love the voice actor that speaks every so often i'm marveled by how nice it all feels! great job,1
emir mcmxciii : try to understand this game,1
scott alexander : pretty fun game. my only real complaint is not having any control over your speed,1
james asis : the graphics are good and it's easy to play. gg,1
shoegazing slappy : a very solid endless runner type game with a fantastic art style and great sound design. edit: oh dear since its launch they've become greedy scumbags who not only sells you data but also show ads wow just wow,0
abdullah abazeed : very nice and eazy game and its so funny i like it,1
k8 : this is honestly a good but the controls are a bit hard. if you could update it with good controls,0
hagen eber : its realy fun and challenging the driving realy can be hard to control though. i'm unsure why to upgrade speed because it feels quite hard to control.,1
darlington chamburuka : interesting and difficult,1
sp3ctrum 1212 : i love this game its so fun at beautiful but i wish there were more power ups or maybe the ability to upgrade them e.g last longer....also i would love for you to add more game modes like races or stunts maybe as it does get boring after a bit so please add.....apart from that great game thanks,0
pranav mutha : graphics are good but no controls at all. you cannot even steer the car properly and brakes are really useless. uninstalling..,0
anthony payne : cool fun racing just the touchy steering get to your nerves a bit,1
mark ireson : fixed game crash issue. back to awesome fun. new menus okay after getting used to it. not sure how to achieve the drift thing though.,1
david ter stal : main complaint i have would be the draw distance. having a longer draw distance would help spot stations much easier rather than having to guess where they are.,0
dragomir mircea-robert : when i started playing,1
akash kumar : extremely good graphics with engaging gameplay. i wish there would be a continuous map option also,1
nino sie : the graphic and the interface are stunning. love the funny comments too. the only thing that makes this game not getting a 5star is the game control,0
someindistinct person : i really like the graphics,1
welington veiga : amazing! it's awesome playing a game that simple and greatly developed at same time: controls,1
ghosts of razgriz : great game with stunning graphics,1
artificial425 : great game! the devs really did a nice job with this one. graphics are great,1
haitham alissa : please add tilt controls,0
sybony mangoma : it's an awesome game,1
j : looks like a cool game but the steering is some of the worst i have experienced on mobile. you put a cool tilt effect on the menu,1
eliu velez : love the graphics ,1
aaron guzman : hey watch it! this one is on the house! fun game. challenging to level up and that makes it fun. i wish you could sell the cars back that you gotta buy to level up though... like come on you think i really want to buy an rv bro!? let me keep my earnings and level up too tho homie...,1
lemonaresweet - : one of the few games i've ever rated 5 stars. there are some ads since i a mobile game,1
game boy : i love it but plzz improve the steering options,1
david omoba : i hate this game ,1
ryo niko : it was a fun and classic! i like where you can even access the place and the vehicle in inital d,1
fahim waiz : the control is sooooo sensitive. i turned the sensitivity to the lowest but stil no difference. the car moves too fast and i cant even catch up to what's going on.,0
milifkun : the game is already perfect for its genre,1
allen thomas : i love the animations,1
leonardo a.anjos : i barely write reviews but this game deserves one. drifting system,1
shivanshu sharma : great game. i have unlocked every location in a matter of days. soundtrack of "vinh vang" is truly awesome. missions are there but one particular one,1
polaris123 impossible : pretty nice for a mobile game tbh,1
deepali rai : nice game the game has nice graphics but please add india please,1
j j : good graphics; boring,1
mansour farokhinezhad : the only reason i gave this 4 stars is that i dont agree with the breaking system. in my opinion at least 3 breaks should allowed before each cool down.(no only one break is available before breaks cool down),0
dhani ramadian : difficult to play,1
saleha shuja : i love it its great and just the game that is fun or so etching idk its cool.,1
paul smith : fun game. stearing is a little bit sensitive.,1
anoop suman : game is super. i liked the graphics,1
shiv narayan : it's quite challlenging! i guess that's the fun part of it. good graphics and a retro gameplay make it very exciting with a simple game play.,1
keith sageser : lots of fun. great time killer. it's a bit challenging but that's what makes it so fun. everytime you wreck your vehicle,1
connor bruce : this game is phenomenal! it has so much attention to detail and the design is very smooth and pleasing to the eye. also,1
matt shipley : old school driving game at its best. excellent.,1
john w : easy to control,1
vincent ford : this is a great game. the graphics are amazing hardly any ads and the ads are all short and if you click accidentally it doesnt send you to the app store,1
erik gomez : great graphics. really nice map and car designs. if youre playing the free version,1
space_ mab : so far the game seems fun,1
varun jeesukh : well this game has it all by we cn ask from a proper free runner. easy to control but he'd to master. easily one of the bet open endless drivers out here on playstore. upgrading your car might need some coins or god control over your drive.,0
laurence keir : loads of fun,1
don vega : i got attracted to the style of drive in the video of the game,1
davit nergadze : if anything just only the devs effort deserves for everyone to give this game 5 stars! thank you and please,1
matthew demitor : very fun and very intense. the zen mode is fun and the police chases are really cool because you speed up and then it makes everything harder to get. definitely recommend.,1
chantel & brandon bernal : it's been 2 years and i still have heart in this game,1
alex lee : i like the theme and the cars and everything else,1
kaizo : it's a great game,1
bad dog mike : it has been a good game so far i have been playing this since last around this time. to the developers can you please add russia as a location and make parts of it look like soviet era buildings and the rest with old houses and field's? thanks for making this game.,0
chick bungus : great game,1
salman iza : fun,1
pierson laverdiere : wow,1
nico ballesteros : game is pretty neat with all the current maps and cars. hope that in the future they add specific tuning to the car (i.e. wheels,1
stan : it's a good game. it s a shame the x2 bonus for watching an ad is in the game. it's humanly impossible to pass on it all the time,1
alex bolt : good game,1
sam lotfi : look it is a good game,1
joshua chandra : so many drivers that you can choose from not one of them look like me apparently this world only has black and white people. as for the game itself it's fun keeps me engaged the tasks are kind of repetitive get 20 coins then next get 300 coins it's the same task. it serves its purpose it's fun enough,1
tr1gonometry : awesome! i only have gotten 2 adds so far,0
gerardo vargas : i really like the game and all the options there are for steering the car,1
monstermagnum56 /rayquaza : this game is really easy. the months car add ins are a great aspect i love because your always seeing cool cars you don't see in other games into an arcade chill themed game. good job...add more themed levels tho.,1
bosnianboy : the game is really great i love it so much. tho i have a suggestion maybe you guys could add more maps like a russian or middle eastern map,1
hichem drouche : this game looks amazing,1
eduardo palacios : nice game but it crash time to time.,1
mason blackthorn : controls good,1
porsche liebhaber : good game if you like simple driving. my only complaint is the unusual brake style as they get hot quickly and then you can't brake for about ten seconds.,0
shrek master : amazing game this is an amazing time killer and so many cars one thing i would like is a race multiplayer mode like a down hill run or a drag race or even a demolition derby but it is astonishing the amount of content and little to no adds but over all good game,0
reza .t : very good and addictive game. don't care to those who say that it's a bad game. a hint: if u don't want that the police car chase u just break in front of it,1
pog : very fun addicting game! i haven't found an entertaining game in quite some time but this is just so much fun. so many different cars to buy and pretty simple concept!,1
nol markaj : great game. not very progresive and it feels like most of the cars are not worth buying as they are kind of the same. also... how about the higher lvl you go the more checkpoints you get so more tickets?,0
sarah : good game with nice graphics,1
iliescu vlad : i can't even start to drive.i dunno if this is meant to be so but it forces you to buy an upgrade for the car and max it out. the menu insists i need to upgrade the coolness of the car to max but i don't have what with. fix that and i'll fix the rating too,0
yeapps sunny : great game i tried many times to find a bug but it's cool.no bug no crash better performance on a very low end device. sound quality are also op .great gob and that's why you earned 5.0 stars,1
paula begay : one of my favorite mobile games that is avaliable. alot of content avaliable,1
sebastian miles : i would say that this is one of the best free endless runners out there. great artstyle,1
dirt disciples for christ : good game but hard to turn,1
tyler garrix : i don't generally write reviews,1
martin huber : fun game! was difficult to control the car at first,1
ocean natua : the graphics are perfect and the driving. but they should add tilteing steering wheel in the settings so you just need to tilt the device to turn,0
alireza jafarlou : this game is really fun and i love it so much and after a few years i'm playing it again thank you for making this excellent games,1
brent levingston : this game has the perfect difficulty. it's very fun to play and earn new cars. sometimes it feels like a grind but it's mostly a good app to get on a play for a few minutes,1
renon mardi : love this game! awesome style of graphics. the steering could be smoother. level design needs more variation.,1
korri north : really easy to learn and fun to play,1
bereket terefe : i'm not one to rate a game... but even i think this is seriously good. could use a few more tweaks,1
damiano cecconi : could be the game of the year. amazing graphic,1
paolo gabriel evangelista : the game is really fun. the handling for the various cars vehicles are pretty good. however it can get a bit grindy to unlock the vehicles (even on the x2 multiplier).,1
david gollihar : wonderful game that doesn't push too many ads. feels great to play and has excellent controller support. unlockables aren't too hard to earn. you don't get many games like this on mobile.,0
vasu dev : the game is good.. much improvement should be made on features.. like add more abilities to vehciles or add more track difficulties add more cop difficulties.. this will make the game even more fun..,1
volodymyr pavlov : awesome game,1
neeket jha : wonderful game. graphics are good,1
thiru kumaran : game is actually pretty decent. after level 20,1
moses raj : needs a lot of grinding,1
a google user : wonderful game. it's gameplay is not overwhelming as other games like this are. enjoy the japan update and the panda van. would like you make the repair shop in dusty crumbs a bit bigger to make accessible enough to enter and exit it without crashing. otherwise love the japan update.,0
naren dran : it's a good game has vocal exclusively and cars and places are shown nice .. although the braking is a bit difficult to get adjusted to considering i have turn into those petrol stations and donut shops .,1
donald seals : folks,1
francis ochea : i liked the game very much. i hope you can make more maps. like mostly around the world. so that we can experience an adventure traveling the whole world.,1
mano aj : really disappointed,1
michael fain : forced ads aren't needed when ads are prevalent everywhere else. it's ad to play,0
lydia lee : i love the vintage feel to this game. the controls are hard at firs but you get used to them fast. this is just the perfect game to play to pass time and just to have fun.,1
alhaj khaled : it is fantastic but i have a few suggestion i think whit this your game will have no competator . you have to add car brand . like bmw. benz. toyota . ford .etc many more you should add customization based on selection not option .and adding cutagories in cars customization . and more .and you have add deffrent car according to brands .,0
sun shine : the game user interface is very bad and game controls are very bad i can't control the car then how to drive. the name itself should be changed. now i am gonna uninstall this.,0
lucas magno : gameplay is cool and the graphics are awesome. almost level 10 and progress does not seem to be unreasonable.,1
jamel aboujrass : it's not often that you find such a quality game,1
random guy : game looks great but the controls are terrible,1
kavita : stuck at level 11 ,1
xeroxsennin : i like this game. its a fun little time killer,1
playfield : overall the game is good,1
the revanchist : amazingly crafted and an abundant choice of wheels.,1
adam ray : pretty cool game. it is actually kinda hard to master. & there is plenty of cars & locations you can unlock to keep the game interesting.,1
kyle smith : lots of fun. this is a cool new take on an old school arcade model. the irreverent dialogue and 70s funk and rock soundtrack adds a nice vibe to the action.,1
l3km3rs : fun game and a great time killer. love the handling and the environments. it is easily one of the best endless runners in the play store.,1
jonathan tree : great game,1
b17 flying fortress : so far,1
emad zaheer : i don't know what they expect from us. when you return to play this game after some days. all the cars have to be bought. not even a single car you already bought stays. now if you have lesser coins,0
dorian maralack : this game is absolutely amazing. the graphics of #drive are pretty decent for a mobile game. the game runs smoothly and the controls are good. i'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoys action and cars.,1
chase : very good game nice cars,1
fluffy jello : i love it it's a game that anyone can be good at it's one of those nice mello kick back game also the music the cars the driving is smooth and when you crash you are able to just get right back into the sweet and simple,1
raghav maheshwari : its a good game but you will get bored from this game in a short time. its basically due to the cars available,1
nick shaida : the game becomes better and better (even though it is technically impossible to turn car to move backwards :) ). developer does a good job!,1
anthony nguyen : great game! i love the physics,1
justin greenhalgh : love the simple game but hard and fun!!,1
denos : they really deserve this. fun easy to play game.,1
dogsareverygood : my favourite game! i love how the developers create frequent updates with new interesting features each time and also the graphics are amazing and beautiful. i dont usually leave written reviews but please consider downloading if you see this game it's awesome. :),1
tanzim ahmad : beautiful graphics,1
christian perfinan : this game is very simple but!!!,1
junjun cui : i played this game for 5 years and i always wished for multiplayer mode. everyone agree? this game is a true masterpeice,1
ada still memes : i love this game! the thing that bothers me about this game is that you can't rotate your phone that you can drive the car. but the game is amazing. the graphics are awesome to. there are also ads.,1
sashank chandrasekar : this game is epic! i had so much fun playing it and that's because you don't get bored of it after some time like in other games. the game is completely endless and all the cars have a different feel to drive. if you like driving games get this one now!,1
nathan marquez : i like this game because you dont have to buy upgrades but only for the car and it's just a simple left and right for the controls and the graphics are ok,0
tristan wragge : i have just started playing and it is such a good game i can tell already,1
fuzzy duck : i quite like this game. its good to just start playing this even if your on a train a car ride etc. the handling is a bit squiffy at first but you'll easily get used to it once you download it!,1
callum scott : the game doesn't even launch on an s20+,1
tyler burnett : it's like if minion rush was a car game not original at all! dear pixel perfect dude s.a. i tried it again and actually think it's pretty fun sorry for my older response,1
wu shoalin of the shadow liquid swordz : this game has me driving really fast in real life its almost like the real thing i see coins on the road and i drive to collect them...my friends don't even get i. the car with me especially after a three day binge playing g this game with no sleep!!!,1
kevin castano : crashes immediately on start-up. looks like this update they did a few days ago didn't help with the basic function of the game. will update the review and likely give a higher rating once it's fixed and i can actually experience the game.,0
diren singh : we to play ratio is awesome. super simple and incredibly entertaining. even better,1
steve : you're actually reading user comment? i read some negatively commenting it and some just suggest to add brake feature. now you really addressed the problem quite fast oh,0
isaac lee : superb game! beautiful graphics and runs smoothly. not too many ads (probably every 5ish games) and easy game mechanics but hard to master.,1
athuljith r : an awesome game but kinda fast and thats what makes it challenging and fun but the cops and traffic need to be more hype giving. i've been here when it was just starting out and glad to see it succeed. well done on this.,1
cleber barbonalha : cool game,1
dylan whiting : it is an all out good game it isn't perfect though it has its flaws like sometimes it will take certain cars to get certain power ups but it is a really good game and a the time i played it is amazing,1
khayyam akhtar : a great game! awesomely executed. not that it needs tilt controls but still,0
wendel caya : love the way you've done with the controls and the gameplay it's smooth as glass.keep it up i'll be waiting with some added improvements you've got on your sleeves.,1
shivam hodage : i think you should add skip feature for lavels or tasks,0
rami shaashoo : amazing graphics and the roads are perfect but if some new hyper cars added like mclaren and ferrari and if the road viewing changes it will be better,1
sandra almodovar : it is a good game with countless cars and so many maps! but 1 problem,1
jeremiasz szymanski : probably the best driving game on mobile,1
yoshi cook : this game is amazing! i've tried so many other driving games... including asphalt 9: legends,1
nawaf abu-ghazaleh : unfortunately,1
drew : easy to pick up and play for short amounts at a time. takes a lot to buy/ upgrade anything really substantially.,1
olaf_de_barker ._. : when you pause the game i want to see the missions so if i start and forget then i need to go back to the menu and maybe add a few more cars but the game is so fun and addictive.,0
the puppet master : its a great game i don't mind the ads cause they don't interrupt the game but i would like it to where your vehicles are in their own spot instead of scrolling through cars that you don't own other than that that's all,0
chris : i had purchased ad removal to support the game and have been receiving ads since the last update. currently haven't been able to find a "restore purchases" option within the menus of the game.,0
cap potter : if it had multiple choices of paths to take similiar to outrun by sega,1
theodore deverell : really nice soundtrack,1
muteen : really fun game to play,1
luka vekic : far best game ive ever played on a phone,1
shawn hordges : the controls ruin what could be a 5 star game. it's pressurized but in the worst way and the developers probably didn't make that an option on purpose probably.. fix it and see watch the ratings change...,0
jason kiddman : smooth and nice graphics !!! i like the driving is realistic because the car isn't locked in any direction and you can go on a loop if you want !!!,1
yash v : graphics are amazing but story or approch of game isn't good. if you want to rock then think about other approach with this graphics,1
steve van der walt : fun runner game. lots of cars and good locations. you basically have to see how far you can get in each location. it is pretty addictive.,1
samuel lillie : this game has a nice concept but the controls are slippery and it's way too easy to crash. it's like the game is one gigantic ice level,1
daniel stepanov : fun and not quite complex. you can play for five minutes,1
umer khitab : this game is as retro as one can think of.......cool graphics,1
abhinav thool : graphics are well good,1
william chandra : i like this game,1
batsit d : this is a great game but now less than a second after i open it,1
aniket survase : well i really liked the game,1
martin boagaloo : pretty good,1
muttley : one of the very few games i recommend on the google playstore,1
soniya soniyajannat998 : this game is very good.please add some maps and try to add some cars in maps.in this game,1
amanuel tesfaye : this game is simply beautiful. however,1
sebastian dewar : great game. excellent presentation and styling. car fans will definitely appreciate the real world inspiration for all the cars in the game.,1
fu22y : nice game to spend time with,1
joseph kordahi : it's really fun. no complaints so far except that it does kind of get repetitive. i would recommend putting in some new modes to make the game more a little more interesting.,1
tokyo prison : okay. this game is awesome! the graphics is great! it works well on my "old" phone. so many cars,1
speed lover : i love this game it really does kill time and the graphics are amazing and have character to it,1
boris josz : very fun little driving game. love the choice of cars,1
mike l : warning this is a scam "game"! it forces you to max out the "coolness" of the vehicle before you can even play the game,1
kwesi xciii : really fun game. captivating graphics. tight controls. challenging and addicting. cool cars to grind for! definitely a good download.,1
the lonewolf : daaaang... this game looks amazing and everything about it is just 5 stars. the music,1
ahmad fadzil zainal : it's fun and challenging...! this game it's a good time killer.the graphics,1
bokhal : really fun game and hard at the same time,1
tyler shaw : just a great game. i love the way they made the graphics,0
raven gaming : it very addictive game but like is a bit to control the steering and the drift brakes like function are a bit also hard just add more control options then the game will be awesome,0
bradley goodall : it's just a good game the people who made it did a good job,1
eric anderson : really great graphics and details but super crappy controls. you can't take you foot off the gas only can brake. very hard to stear. once nudge into another vehicle halts you progress. narrator is very annoying and repatitve.,1
rajan mistry : there are few glitches while driving in the current version for redmi8a. multiple touch points are activated automatically leading to unwanted actions.,0
winter bear : it is a really good game. the graphics is really good and this game is new in the field of endless games. people say that the controls are bad or hard but if you get a hold of it ,1
realistic villager : great game for passing time,1
rodgon : good game for offline gaming,1
cheekburek : pretty good game,1
ein 004 : this is the best endless drive game .i ever play.i love how devoloper choice the retro classic cars between year 1920s to 1980s. and also this game is perfect for people who love classic retro cars.,1
antennahead music : this game is awsome! if you like smokey and the bandit or dukes of hazzard,1
aditya pant : nothing special. vertigo racing is way better for a retro theme based solo driving game. controls are bad. uninstalled within first 10 mins.,1
andre aggasid : the controls are perfect,1
dmitriy kruglov : this game is great. the only thing that bothers me is that downgrading car stats doesnt yeld as much coins as it takes to upgrade it again.,1
cactus john : meh.... endless runner with cars,1
shawn sexton : this game is awesome. it's simple ,1
tomni ramsay : one thing to make this game better is but before i say who ever come across this game it is a fun and wonderful games anyways it it put multplayer mode so when u go to thst mode u got to see who will survive longer and put like free drive multiplayer 1 bug it keeps bluring alittle and lagging and making u go crazy,1
dyeymz aral : great game.. but,1
halo halo : i first played this game without the brake feature and it was a lil bit hard,1
rupam chakrabborty : i like this i can unlock this welcome mars home everyone please play a game can drive on mars amazing right,1
meisho gaming : it's a fun game i like it dawnload it now!!,1
i'm here : one of the best mobile games i ever played. it is smooth and have great graphics. it have different vehicles and maps and lot more things.,1
doom slayer 574 cortez : best driving game in the world,1
biswajit das : #drive this game is awesome #drive became a pro,1
alex martin : easy controls. complicated enough to keep you playing. plenty of cars to unlock. dont mind the ads so far might pay the 3$ for no ads. worth the download for sure,0
pedro antonio gomez gonzalez : i really like this game,1
tim scott : great game the style and effects are amazing,1
sleepyamber : this game is really cool and nice to play,1
muhd wajdi : add more jdm cars and rain and night mode :),1
the 4th steve : i like the concept,1
darx mazter : its a good game,1
nishain singh : fantastic game never played before like this but there has to be a sound when we are approaching to fix car icon not like approaching fuel sound but different sound and the approaching icon are too sharp icon and has to be big or placed in other place to see quickly,0
kieron needham : it's a great game. flawless and it runs smooth like butter,1
it's snowflake : it's a really fun and addicting game,1
jeremy clarkson's motorworld channel : great game,1
michael meza : one of the best driving game ive ever installed on this crummy app store,1
muhd hakimi : very good game. the grhapic is very beautiful . just learn the control and you will get it . best car game ever i have play. just add a few map to look much better such as a road beside the beach... anyway this is very nice game.,1
lortix gaming : graphic and online. it's good game,1
haleema abdullahi : hmmm you will have fun it is very interesting,1
derick potgieter : best game in the entire world,1
naveed alam : great game....great graphics and concept...the controls are a little bit akward,1
akura legindury : it is a great game to play as the controls are easy and it gets constant updates. one problem i have is that the gameplay can feel a little stale at times. it's a great game and i think you should give it a try!,1
nick spinrad : still breaking in the reins,1
lalo hernandez : cool game and it's fun,1
rafsilva soares : amazing and funny game,1
ozzy moreno : this is really fun,1
xasanboy foziljonov : the best car game ever,1
andrija v. : fun and offline,1
theo zanello : excellent. nothing else to say,1
menzi mbanjwa : it's hard to play.,1
kettu : you can drive a 126p what else is there to say?,1
amir khoshnoud : such a great game!!!!!,1
ashfaq ali : dude this game is awesome,1
breyer cooper : love the game!!,1
asad asjad : #drive and frlegends that's all a car guy needs,1
solidsucks : a really fun casual game to play. and the fact that its offline,1
benjamin board : great game lots of fun but quite a few adds,1
rylan taylor : fun too play when ur on long car ride and other s5uff,1
ray nl : great examole of how mobile gaming is just mobile gaming. it still sucks. and still made of half baked "games". technically it does look good though. but there is no gameplay. i would never somethijg like this on a pc or console. why would i do it on a phone then? 2 stars for at least looking better than a lot of others....,0
costel cernat : super entertaining,1
vonrex : awesome... but can you add more stuff like car getting damaged visibly,1
logan french : gud it was very fun,1
maitry acharya : incredible,1
flying peel tanks /w 5000hp : great offline game,1
madhu madhu : uuuuuuuuuu f f f f f f f f fantastic game very fun! nice game? what is this,1
b34st : please add multiplayer or at least lan! it would be more fun to compete with other players or friends. it's one of the best games i've ever played since asphalt 8,1
aekansh dixit : loved the experience. controls could be better. but it's a spot on action game with brilliant graphics and gameplay.,1
yash patel : levels are too long and it's frustrating.i couldn't even get past first level let alone play whole game.there is no checkpoint on the road,1
hunter henry : it's good other than it being teties of when it asks for a revive but good,1
aryan emami : i love this game. my favorite map is the 2nd one(snowplough),1
willphazer : you should be able in photo mode to just save the picture,1
roy joseph : good game in playstore..but i have a suggestion that we want to see the missions in the pause menu..good..try to increase the graphics a little more...nice game..,1
garima baghele : the game has very thrilling graphics and a better gameplay.the best thing is that this game is better than 90 percent of editors choice games.it has 40 cars to play that is a plus point.,1
terry jones : worst driving game ever!!! the steering is so sensitive even at its lowest level. you just go from side to side trying to not wreck . but you will wreck everytime. uninstalled after 5 tortuous minutes.,0
kajetan rudkiewicz : overall good game,1
kamohelo ntong : best game i've ever played not much ads graphics best,1
julian wilkinson : the amount of cars and objects to crash into can be reduced some on the lower levels to increase difficulty as you unlock areas,1
bang kodis : dear developer,1
mike hottinger : this game is amazaing! the controls are simple,1
bamboor : this game is great,1
matt moss : cool game so far. it asked me to rate it so this is the first level review. the graphics and gameplay are really good. tons of cars and tracks.,1
tim a : relaxing gameplay with nice graphics,1
d dub : fun and challenging,1
bagare vishwanath chandrshikar : a very nice game. but for beginners please while driving hit the pause button and turn up the sensitivity. do this and you'll master the game.,1
jonas robson : it's a supper fun game with funny dialog.,1
pickle : it's a great game,1
fargo : the game has become better with each update,0
mitja jambresic : the driving physic are quite satisfying for a mobile game and when you upgrade a car you csn really feel the difference. great game,1
erdem gundogdu : as long as you know how to play,0
priyansh mishra : the graphics are beautiful and the gameplay is awesomeness. the controls should get more smooth.,1
lynn : it's a good. the cars looks great and the maps are fun as well. the controls are hard but that's what makes it more fun.,1
oct : awesome game! i love the expression the game has and makes it's unique cars give the game more charm as welm with the voice acting,1
greenify : it is a good game but i'm rating 3 stars because some of us here don't use buttons. there should be more driving controls like steering wheel and tilting. but it's fun,1
mark george : this was the android driving experience that i was looking for. amazing cartoon style graphics,0
jankhana patel : it's good but it will be better if you add multilayer and make it better by adding racing mod so we can race in racetracks with people all over the world.,1
levi visger : fun way to kill time. multitude of cars to drive that can be customized. ads every once in a while,1
days of funder : wikid designer graphics. the animated theme is so well done. challenging gameplay. tough but fun. really slick but .. ads.,1
aha : just my taste in games. fun gameplay and a variety of cars to choose from,1
amitesh magar : something is wrong with the audio. it was better previously but over the past few days it has gathered some noise and has become distorted.,0
an hoang : i see that you added the map "vinh vang" into the game,1
james lorenzo briones : i really like the game..thumbs up. good controls,1
rachel meidinger : this is a really great game,1
yixes : i dont want to whatch unskipable ads everytime it ok only if i choose and i cant see the place where i can fix my car make something that reminds me just like the fuel over all its a great game with good graphics,0
tochi : tilt steering when? :0 like ya know what other games have when you tilt your phone and you can steer the car like with a steering wheel,1
kyle : stuck. game requires upgrading coolness before continuing. i don't have the currency. very simple test case; very fail.,1
nathan barry : fun arcade driver. graphics and music are excellent music really makes the game. large number of cars to collect keeps it interesting,1
not evan : it's just overall a good game. i love the car designs where they brought actual cars into the game and made an infinitely fun car survival game!,1
huzefa shaikh : i will be honest. i was expecting a lot from this game,1
vitalijs drozdovs : good game. i would recommend it to those who want to spend their time with fun. graphics are ok,1
nex cietez : during the drifting the game engine is not able to count the seconds up to 5. i have managed to drift for 10 seconds having the x5 multiplier,0
johann cj : guys i have a pretty problematic bug for you to fix. i am currently at level 12. and there is this mission to drive the boogie for 5kms. but the boogie gets unlocked only a at level 15. so i cannot progress the missions. i finished the other two. but because of this...i cannot proceed to further missions...since the missions refresh only after the three of them are completed. but the boogie is unlocked only at level 15 and i'm at 12. so i cannot proceed to the next missions please tend to this,0
just your average person : good rating overall on the play store,1
bently abercrombie : broooooo!!!! you're game is dope and i play it all the time i think that it's perfect and doesn't need many changes. thanks for the hard work keep it up,1
actual retard : the controls are an aquired skill to get good with,0
verbal tease : ten minutes of playing and it wants a rating. so here is is. ads and difficult steering controls so far. not much else to report.,0
a c. : controls for steering are horrendous. good review are fake. the controls make,0
sidharth kamath : this is one of the most cleanest and beautifully designed game. it is a simple game once you master the nuances,1
ben skywalker : uninstalleddrunk driving simulator,1
shubham mevada : it's an amazing game but i would like to suggest an way to make it more exciting. add some left and right turns and not just going straight with some wavy road,0
amal krishnan pk 8-i : its a nice game . graphics are cool. but the problem is when we pause the game and resume it,1
cole phelps : it's a good game,1
norm r : it is one of my favorite mobile games and i recommend this game. good physics,1
riley harris : so fun and a great way to kill time. nice selection of cars that you can rip through different sceneries.,1
kevin yaacoub : it's a good game and good for passing time and it's hard witch makes it better and better but,1
queen harris : i dont like many driving games but this is one of the few games i do enjoy,1
boraq abdulmajeed : i love this game. it is so well designed. i like the verity of options of cars. i have a lot of ideas to share with the developers. once i find a way to directly suggest it. other than that. this game is awesome,1
no name : everything is good except controls - unless they're meant to be that hard. it also needs a tilt control.,0
zaheer firdausov : game is a good time killer. no rush to get the new cars. only gripe is that you would want to have more stages,1
leonardo casagrande rodrigues : amazing! some good looking graphics,1
rugved bhambid : it's fun to play the game. graphics are very well. but there is no stearing wheel so it's hard to control. overall great game.,1
curtis condie : in my opinion there were too many ads. it was also very hard o control it should have the option to steer by tilting your phone.,0
michael mills : very simple,1
ethan lovejoy : fun and exciting game! only thing needs improvement is making the steering a little easier and maybe get 1 or 2 more lives per race.,1
rawr galore : great work. fun graphics controls are technically challenging which is great will upgrade to 5 stars as i go along and find out how the progress is personally,1
crowhuman : honestly a good game to pass time. what i do is turn on a podcast on spotify,1
ivan benjamin urena garcia : amazing game c: just had a minor detail about displaying game statuses like the bonuses sometimes overlap and not every single one shows up on screen,0
govinder singh : so much potential idm testing new updates there is so much you can do with the game like a story mode/ multipayer and different tracks and more! it's a fresh clean game that does not look tacty and feels good(please give 60fps) reccomed,1
amirhossein : great game for fun,1
mohammed kabil : add new modes like race or test drive and make the cars a little faster. the game is awesome keep up the good work.,1
panganiban,1
rolando anderson jr. : this game is pretty fun. wish i could see a tiny bit further ahead,1
robert johnson : the graphics,1
nezznh : genuinely one of the rare enjoyable games on mobile rn. superbsimple concept,1
tripp : the game looks so smooth and the gameplay is spectacular and the controls are very smooth. it deserves editors choice,1
billbow bagins : the game is a lot of fun! definitly engaging enough to make the grind for new cars and maps worth it. and fortunatly the grind isnt very excruciating,1
joe h : wow,1
sebastian : it's a bit fun,1
film world : nice game. but you should add tilting controls and 1st person and 2nd person view also. add free ride mode and career mode and multiplayer mode also. please.,0
ben kranendonk : this game is exactly what i've been looking for. something i can pick up and put down all the same. easy to grasp and has a small amount of challenge just enough that you want to keep going but not enough to be annoying. play this game,0
shrey raj : awesome game with pretty good graphics. lots of vehicles available. easy controls. limited locations.,1
alexander brantley-webster : this game is great i've only been playing for a few hours now and its super fun to play! the game has nice scene,1
deo favente : (22 august 2019): game refuses to start. do not install. i paid money too. paid for it because i thought it would be worth it. but no it's not. the control is horrible. it's not fun at all with the braking button.,0
michael taylor : this is a really fun and well developed game. the concept is so simple but the graphics and voice overs make everything that much better,1
numbat man : this game is great. it feels really balanced and smooth and sits perfectly on the line of too hard and too easy and makes the game really nice to play not to mention the great graphics,1
adnan piric : the car just crush in nothing explode and then forcing you to watch adds,1
zeno 1 : nice game,1
aaryan verma : that's a marvellous and exciting game. it's to hard to control the car when i started it now it's become easy to control the car it's have lots of cute cars.,1
umesh satpathi : such a playful game. the controls are quiet stiff and sensitive and the graphics is awesome . need to play more to become a pro for this game.,1
vojislav papulanovic : good game,1
calvin : this is a fun game and there are much vehicles that we can select but there are small crash and bug when i played it so hopefully you can fix it and improve the game.,1
felipe fernando : surprisingly entertaining. nice animation,1
gaming with sean : controls were awesome but drifting part supposed to make car oversteer. rear tire feels like they are more in friction while drifting and less friction in sharp turns.,1
maria johnson : this has the potential to be a really good game. however,1
joel wilson : such a great game . i really love it. it's kinda crazy playing this game. i keep on playing hours to make new records. cool graphics is another great speciality. totally awesome game.,1
ngashjr : exceptional graphics,1
a google user : epic game graphics are really great new retro look but with an update modern feel to it well it thicks all boxes for me and highly recommend it even if ur not a car game person i think you will find it really cool to play cheers for the game guys keep up great work,1
talha shakeel : game keeps crashing when the game loads. others also are facing the same issue. hope to see a fix coming up!,0
fuad pineiro : good gameplay ,1
reese train44 : it's a pretty good game all-round iv put about >3hours into it and have enjoyed it since however car customization is partially lacking with limited amount of colors and "coolness" customizablity ignoring that slight issue it is a decant game,1
ayushi mishra : really nice game ,1
faze isopropyl : it's fun and it has nice graphics but the controls are a little weird and you have to go threw so many menus before you actually drive,0
sir ichi ulrick a. penesa : woah,1
grim reaper : it has good graphics and have lots of maps and cars that makes it more exciting but it doesn't have racing thing with others but it's over all 4 star game i think,1
mohammad sheharyar : simple controls. great graphics. awesome ux. a winning combo. adding tilt controls should be on the to do list.,0
projetsinistre : love the style and the car selection is awesome. just wish you could flip the steering controls,1
kishan : its very good game and fun to play but u should add some more places and different modes of driving like racing ,1
kayhanistan : this is one of the greatest mobile games of all time. it doesnt lag at all and my phone always lags. there are bearley any ads,0
malak hammouri : amazing game love it. but they put alot of drifting waitch makes the game a little frustrating for me but over all it is a fantastic game 5 star u should totally download it it's completly free no need to share ura email so this is a game i really enjoy i always play it on my tablet every day so this is a game i would really recommend and make sure to support the creater by liking the game and and reviews 5 stars if u like it and yah this is a game i would really reacomend be safe.,1
andrei lala : best endless driving game,1
stellar : it was a nice game but i deleted it because i thought it was boring. but now i wanted to download it again and everytime i press on the app it says,0
doug stante : not very good at all. car goes way too fast,1
micah virts : this game is absolutely perfect for me. i have music on my phone and i hoping u would add a feature with the car radio connecting to my music player.,1
swarnendu bose : amazing experience,1
julian hurtado : very fun and enjoyable little game with good controls,1
lucas payne : fun and it was enjoyable even tho it's repetitive its amazing that it is and the controls the countless options that there are for cars like damn there are a lot of cars anyway good game and rarely any ads,1
christopher radle : it's a lot of fun,1
tristan heck : not a bad game. it feels a little like subwaysurfer but with cars. the controls are a little wonky,0
jancent lim : it would be better if there is an option for the camera view or camera height settings/adjustments. maybe you can work on that next update.,1
mohamed ayaan : very unique game,1
gaspar lankans : stunning graphics and most enjoyable gameplay,1
adrian carrera : hah! hah! this game brings back good old memories!!!! one of the best driving games out there,1
bobin : suberb game this game desserve 5 stars...i was searching for a game i can play in free time and this game suits me perfect car collection is awesome....there is a small issue in controlling the car i think it is a little bit hard....but the game is awesome,1
arslan khan : love the game bro after long time i saw game which demands nothing from the player rather than concentration. keep it up. after some tries i got a hang of the controls. love the game the graphics.,1
de monke : i like this game,1
sul walker : i am very much impressed with the graphics and the music.it's so relaxing and tranquil .i would gladly give this a 5 star and i will request the developers to bring more awesome maps and relaxing music.,1
joshua singh : pretty enjoyable experience. its a little different from other racing games. cool diversity of cars.,1
robertsmith : should be called,1
pugsferlife : the concept is awesome,1
sumitansu mohanta : it's so good easy controles and everything but for me it is difficult to drift because we hate to click left or right than we have to claim the other side and press both to brake. than the grafix is so good all over it is a good game,1
meehiiplayerzz : pretty epic game,1
reginald mazibuko : best survival racing game i've ever played i've played some games like traffic racer,1
darkgenesis : this game is just amazing... im in love with this game... so addicting.... doesn't matter which device you play,1
mustafa sheikh : well this game is amazing because of its size verities of car polygon graphic are great. in the last i love . but it need a custom layout feature.,1
nathan schauer : fun but takes awhile to collect caps and postcards so gets a little repetitive all and all its a good time killer that keeps u coming back for more and to unlock the ton of things that can be unlocked,1
rihan haris : nice game the only thing is there is no support for ps4 controller the letters are confusing because it uses xbox keys letters overall nice and minimal game need more details in picture mode too.,1
2020 subaru brz : i love the graphics and the steering i like the game but it just needs some fixes because on some maps it has bugs or like a glitch.,0
christian alexandre bertrand : i love this game,1
richard burt : pixel perfect dude could you please add multiplayer racing,1
denzel kalalo : this game is good,1
caleb : fun gameplay. maybe its just the first car but the controls are a little slippery,1
austin sloop : i like it with the simple look and the controls,1
kiran rathore : in this game there is a need to add some things like ,1
rogue dino : awesome game. more vehicles and maps please. also,1
simon : really fun game! i enjoy playing a lot! i really hope they add some new maps,1
aneesh nimkar : one of the best games i have played. but i would be happy to see this game on pc. i love the graphics and the car names. i would like to see more cars tho.,1
gilberto echeverria : very cool game! lots of fun,1
charles adoki : looks fun,1
madman : very good game,1
shahper kazmi : the game is excellent i guess but not just my cup of tee it would be great if the controls wherent so tough and there would be costamization to ur controls idc overall the game is very good good job!,1
sayan : installed this game the day it was launched. fell in love with the graphics,1
the science preacher : very good game,1
glenn : alright art,1
joseph bolton : great game to help pass time i love the cars.i hope the grafics will get better and more cars to come in future thanks. the steering is a little loose,1
talyx : ok i am quite mad,1
ali : i was shocked with the beauty of this game,1
ryan adhinusa : it is a good game,1
dalp origarten svenson : unskippable adds that seem to dump me at the playstore half the time,0
in a worldgonemad : real good game. i like the graphical style. difficulty is spot on. one of the standout games on the playstore.,1
khanzada : i would like to say that this is a very good game and i have kept it for alot of time and i enjoy playing it. i love the graphics and i like the controls too.,1
thomas smith : i think this is a very good mobile game. i would enjoy more focus on the drifting if that is what the game is about. if not then breaking could be easier,1
zerwolff : its a simple game where you drive through an area,1
gaming amar : what a nice game and graphics is improved maps are very good cars are very excellent controls should be improved i am playing this game 1 year ago . a very real game this is and this is one of my favourite game thanks for launching this game,1
l g : visually cool and not bad controls. oppressive volume of ads. uninstalled after 5 min ( 2 of which were spent watching 30 second ads),0
lewis macbeth : simple,1
kartik suthar : love the game,1
a google user : this game gets 5/5 easily ,1
nefariotic pewdiekentic : pretty good game but please add a button that can reduce the music sound but increase the car engine sound. id rather cruise along the road listening to the engine than some noisy instrumental,0
himanshu karmacharya : amazing graphics and atmosphere but the controls (especially the brakes) may need a little tweaking.,0
joel : video ad too invasive,1
nathan casson : good clean driving fun,1
gregan dunn : great game,1
lagging irl : its a nice game. relaxing. the maps are good. lost of vehicles to choose. if you are looking for a simple but interesting one,1
lander kirby riodeque : i love the game graphics is awesome and add tilt control asap for better driving experience because i am tired to tap to control the car pls add tilt control for easy to drive and best game when offline,0
tony fakhry : the control in this game is really hard. i liked the graphics and everything but i never played it for more than 5 minutes because of how hard it is to control the car,1
inner speaker : i suck at it,1
the dwarven gaming : honestly,1
jesse&kitty kellett : probably one of the best games on the play store. it's addicting and it's art design is brilliant,1
lian : nice ,1
kryster : learning this game is not so swift. but once you got the grip. you can drive with style and drift. play,1
harrison blatch : game is fine,1
laurence keir : fun,1
ikki vp : great game,1
squidgy republic : i really enjoy this game. it is fun,1
dennis mutende : am giving the four stars cause am have a bit af a challenge with the controls...i really wish you could have add a tilt control...bu the game is fun i really like it i do recommend it....,1
oliver bell : really cool game. very simple but is just a brilliant time killer. the driving is perfect and feels awesome to do. definitely recommend.,1
gianluca vartan : fun,1
jayson tryon : the only mild complaint that i have is how expensive the car upgrades become so quickly,1
johannes westin : pretty fun,1
hobie hogan : superb driving "simulator",1
nikhil parmar : you can add texi mode ,1
yusuf al huyairi : amazing game,1
leafy peach : decent game,1
solomon mutonga : this game is awesome try it out it will always keep a smile on your face it has many cars to unlock and also many place to drive in .i wish i could rate it seven stars,1
raunak mandal : just feel the cost of buying the next area should be a bit lower. playing the same area over and over again after completing the achievements just to earn postcards can be tiring.,0
k. a. l. perera : not bad at all,0
miguel terrami : i think the game it's quite entertaining,1
johnny pcgamer : pretty cool game if you can get control over your car. way to fast to be able to maneuver tight turns and lane shift. is there brakes in the game?,1
luke adventures : crappy brake suck steering suck . ads omg ads pop-up every 3-5 seconds causing game to restart from the beginning what's even better i paid for the ad-free version!!? $2,0
jd sexton : played 5 times and i really like it! i think it needs more modes or options though; feels a little "light" so far,1
nicholai : addicting gameplay,1
ethan laurente : really great game. i would definitely recommend to someone who likes driving games,1
jakub lelakowski : the best game out there,1
ty robinson : i was playing it before the 'upgrade your car' update and still enjoyed it,1
akhil chandran : nice game. i mostly like the comments of the driver. its ausome. and mainly the fuel station and police and so on. seems good. actually my brother never like any games i download but he like it very much and its on his mobile too download now for the journey of #drive.,1
maria pena : one of the best road trip game ever. the music those classic music and desert cop car chases just gives me those ride vibes. i'm glad i found this perfect game for me finally.,1
alexandra : its a really fun game with a simple mechanic. it takes a little time getting used to the controls of the car,1
bradley reddy : i enjoyed the retro feel with modern technology. for all you true car fans. here you go,1
ahmed adnan : the graphics and gameplay are great but it would've been better if the game had a skippable ad after every play rather than an unskippable ad after every 5 plays,0
abdul raheem : one of the worst game i have ever played.. man these game does not even have sense of sensitivity level,0
aleksandar cvetanovski : everything it's right in the description of the game,1
prosiac magician : it's graphics,1
jeronimo loaiza : it's very very funny,1
malcolm giles : it's good. graphics are great. controls good once getting use to the sensitivity,1
will treasure : simple game that's pretty fun and really easy to pick up. it's got decent graphics and music and isn't completely overbearing with adverts,1
venkyrolls royce : good graphics..great concept,1
bagus arief : fun simple game the control need a bit to getting used to,1
_ painter : very talented,1
bad english sry : cars a bit wobbly for me taste. also dude is always whining about low gas when u miss a gas station even if you have like 80+% gas. other than these this game is lovely. no freemium garbage. amazing artstyle. dope gameplay. different from all the other bootleg garbage in here just copying each other,0
jin kazana : been with drive from the start,1
catalyst : all ingame sounds ar muffled on oneplus 7!! everything sounds weird as if the game has crashed. everything else except the sounds are okay. fix this and i will rate 5 stars.,0
executive : i find it a great game,1
yavs kuhlefiso : worth my time! this game is amazing... i'd only delete it for one reason: it keeps me staring on my phone more than i should,1
tanjo : fun - different to the usual style of games i play (online action/racing games),1
anthony di liberto : not even 2 minutes into the game,1
erick cardozo : zero stars is too much for this bull cr*p. the game is almost unplayable. the hardest controls i've ever seen. the graphics in nothing resembles the trailer. don't waste you time with this trash.,0
shodipo olushola : nice graphics,1
gundyer : i really like the appearance and style of this game. the commentary makes the game feel more lively. it's pretty addicting and it's satisfying to try and beat your past record.,1
james howse : 1st off i downloaded this game because the graphics are cool them the like theme of the game is that game i like to play and it would probly get 5 stars but 1st level is so hard that you can't even get past gotta give a donut and fill up gas 3 times you barely can hold handle the car they need to make the game a little bit easier i mean i play a lot of games and i just you can't even stay on the road,1
vignesh r : excellent game! hats off to the team for the constant new content! loved it way more than a lot of others. must have for leisure.,1
ixniy evonniy : intrusive bug in cars menu just destroys it all. keys menu just suddenly randomly opens when pushing any button. game is great btw,0
shawn jones : love the are style. game play is challenging for those who don't game much on there phones. and as always the ad are annoying,1
andy barahona : really a good game,1
parashiva murthy k : this is a great game . so in the next update,1
tony c : i really wanted to like this game,1
gustavo nunez : it's even one of my favorite mobile games,1
gafar yusif : i just love the game . if not the best its one of the best phone games i've played. amazing gameplay. nice choice of graphics. just please drop a sequel !!,1
reuben preut : awesome game,1
omar ocon : controls are simple. graphics are swell. in level one still. just a great play.,0
berry meadow : this game is the best. the music,1
fred jones : nice game but can you create an easier way to control the car. like by tilting the phone to steer instead of the buttons.,0
z fox : a great little driving game,1
pranshu kachhadiya : game is amazing. the variety of cars,1
soumen dhar : very good game. relaxing graphics and really loved the gameplay. hope to get more cars of the 80's.,1
yashesh bhavsar : the concept is so good and graphics are perfect for this game... but controls needed to be improved!,0
sean-joseph mccann : cute graphics,1
adrianna lemasters : the game is pretty good other than the fact that the gas stations aren't working for me? i don't know if anyone else is having this problem but i'll go through them and it isn't refilling. ads are annoying but most app store games are the same way. other than that,0
anas ebrahim : can't apply break more than one time. is there any car like this in the world you can run without a break at a high rate of speed in a small way with lot of curves and dangers. what a foolish concept. who made this game,1
ash lord : amazing graphics! it would be great if there's strech to full screen option that will removes black bars,1
trok beep : this really is an awesome game the controls are hard at first but you get it pretty easily. 10 out of 10 would recommend this to everyone,1
arun junai : this game is great,1
tim cherneka : after an update some time ago some people couldn't open the app (including me)... anyway here's the solution: go to settings>apps>#drive>storage,0
the-bot : one of the best and very creative games. loved it,1
sairaj gupta : very good game only the fact i not like is the cars in toy box it makes us difficult to find cars apart from that the game is superb and the new cities to explore are mind blowing,1
nail karajic : brakes are useless,1
adukwu jeremiah : pretty good game. the only problem is the controls or should say handling. it swerves sharply and i have adjusted the sensitivity,0
asa : this game is ok but you need to improve the drive,1
lukasz baranowski : very good. it's fun to play,1
ser. pifoo : the graphic is good but the music isnt. it becomes boring after playing a bit more than usual.it would be better if more musics were available,1
ajay persaud : really good game,1
kristian gibson : interesting game that once you play enough you understand more. mechanics aren't terrible but does take time to get used to.,1
brad thomas : it would also be great if you could have the user be taken to the specific car when taping of it's specific key when on the "#collect" game scene.,1
db : tripe! privacy setting don't work,1
jaidyn hymes : this is the best driving game i have ever played.the controls are a little hard at first but you get used to them.there is a large variety of vehicles and maps.this game is good for if your bored.,1
a human : great endless runner (driver) and its easy on the microtransactions. also has premium ad free version.,0
dominic begay : #drive is a pretty great game. a large selection of vehicles mixed with different locations to drive in makes it pretty good. i forgot to mention how gorgous it is. also,1
mayank vashishth : it is a fun endless driving game; i am in love with the graphics; lot more can be added to the game like introducing south america & australia locations; bikes can be introduced norton 500; looking forward to further updates,1
davin cowie : honestly,1
lucas evanochko : pretty game,1
h.t. : it is so good! please keep adding more interesting maps and eggs! it is exciting and funny and adventurous at the same time.,1
christi talks : a very good and fun filled game the controls are good but i can't find brakes option which you said is added to the game yet the graphics and gameplay makes it quite a good game to pass my time cheers guys,1
ezra gama : the game was brilliant and got addicted so people try it for example the variety of cars the person that talks well u drive so the games cool.,1
julian yo hedenborg : the best about this game is the name of the vehicles. very humourous. very straight forward and fun game. highly recommended for petrolheads who need some casual game to play from time to time.,1
resnard lapiz : it would be nice if i wouldn't have to stroll through a bunch of cars just find the ones that i own. but i love the gameplay and the graphics.,1
ka lu : hmmm... reminds me of pako it just feels better... dunno even if these games are cousins or something... i am not into cars or racing but it got me really fast,1
colby kirton : love the game but i paid for no ads and after the recent update i have lost that purchase,0
pig : the game art is quite compelling with the stunning visuals always a joy to play comparing with the minimal size of the game.,1
billy ch. : one of the best games i've ever played haha. it's pretty fun to play and simplistic. the difficulty rises and i like it. it's challenging.,1
d!ok_ x4 : its a fun game! they should start adding kool new retrowave songs as radio station music,1
marko : nice design,1
pavithran : perfect game to play offline ,1
sugra amin : this game is the best. awesome graphics and easy controls too. i would really reccomend this game to all long road and drift car lovers,1
vaishakh krishnan : this game never opens,1
j.o. g. : this game is loads of fun,1
bo randolph : game is good,1
ooh aah : this is a solid game,1
mohammed wasiq : overall good.. controls could be better. sensitivity is very high as i cant able to steer correctly...,1
y jim : i like the concept of this game! it looked simple and fun! my suggestion on the improvement will be to actually make it an online game! versus many players world wide,1
hatlabu farkas : sucky brakes. this is a better title for this game. no working brakes,1
sam myatt : can't play the game on my samsung s10+ as it won't connect to my google play profile. tried disconnecting internet before opening app,0
ajith valsan : controls seem too wayward. reduces playability in my opinion. graphics and gameplay are top notch.,0
han sun : awesome little game that has more stuff packed within then meets the eye,1
baudelaire1 h : great game well made and cool. one huge problem the controls are klutzy and slow the steering is hamfisted! no tilt to steer? lame,0
brody van osdol : it didn't give me a starting car,1
christian ranslam : horrible,1
jesg : all about this game is great,1
corbin vanhecke : the controls are chunky,1
eric mao : controls are sometimes a bit iffy but fun overall,1
mats fritjof : it's really a good game. ads doesn't bother that much. great atmosphere and easy to play yet so enjoyable. awesome job guys. it's a solid 5 star from me.,1
bigg mack the wack slack : fun,1
meme master 2019 : amazing game 10/10 that is if the game did not eat my money i purchased the 4.99 if i remember correctly and then nothing i will wait till tomorrow if my purchase is not there i will consider this as a bug i would appreciate if this was investigated but other than that keep up the good work hope to see the next update soon!,0
connor schwindt : slaps,1
henry sharp-horan : reallt fun game where you drive infinatly on some sort of road. it has many maps and many vehicles with funny names like the '84 doggo. overall good game.,1
gabriel oakes : this is really well done,1
dantedoppler : i like the game. the cars are pretty nice and extremely accurate to their real life counterparts. fun time killer and worth to play till hours end.,1
rita catubig : pretty nice i like how are there many options on cars and upgrades but the handling ia so sensitive its fine but the brakea tho and the speed is challenging and fun.keep up the good work.,1
scott wilson : little twitchy. the turning is just a bit over so it won't line up straight on a straight away. other than that. this game is fun!,1
barkah rama : for those that think this game is easy,1
jason crawford : the theme of this game is very well done,1
sheridan janda : has the right controls. perfect for picking up and putting down whenever you need.,0
mohammad mohammadi harooni : thank you for supporting that's really cool i really enjoyed but you can add some more future - make it possible to upgrade the powerups - add some new powerups such as "unlimited fuel" or "huge money" - you can add some gift boxes on the way and the gift can be selected random - you can add daily missions - please make it possible to add some stickers on cars - add some musics and add future to change them - add new roads - add new dialogs to the game - you can add daily records and global,0
sophi : good i like the graphics and arcade gameplay but could you make the next map a vaporwave themed,1
hansolo jesoro : i like this game. i give it 5 star because the game is so beautiful and gorgeus. i will never forget this game. but i want an a multiplayer game using wifi. please make the multiplayer it will become more download this game went you add an a multiplayer. i rate this because i love it but can you please put multiplayer please? thank you for reading please do the multiplayer it will become more downloader.,1
v d : this game is awesome and i can even run high graphics smoothly on low end devices and not to mention the graphics are perfect.,1
shubhajeet dey seca roll no 80 : this game is really good like playing psp in a tablet. i try every game,1
golam mostakeem : journey hardly ends with this game. after official missions,1
steve conlon : it's quite absorbing for a while but the the ads just halt the enjoyment. i've played it for 20 mins now i'm ready to uninstall.,0
harsh shahi : great,1
jim tolomeo : one of the best driving games in the app store its simple but yet complex. graphics awesome...game play awesome...total experince awesome!!!!!!,1
usama : i don't usually review but man this is next level. as a game deveoper myself,1
jon gotham : looks promising,1
cute cell : if i click in left it will go to the super left and if right...,1
a google user : the game is so amazing and it is so cool and addictive in a good way and it makes me happy . the way the game is and how the cars feel when you drive and there are so many cars in the game and don't forget my favorite car the 1985 skoda,1
vinayak matal : everything good except controls. also swiping through cars in main menu take ages. just a single road to drive on,0
prakash joshi : game is overall nice but developer should add sone new cars and new maps in the game and one should jump from one map to another map in a game while driving.,1
legendarycat245 : not gonna lie,1
ding dong : 4/5. amazing game,1
soniya jannat : game is good,1
secretz agenda : waaaaaaaaaay 2 many ads!!! its frustrating when u are learning a game and in the beginning u die fairly often and have to sit thru 20 to 30 sec ads.... uninstalled. too bad cuz the game is really good.,0
nelson swinamer : easy,1
sasa o : nice game,1
set : great idea,1
lucas burkhardt : fun play style,1
rukshar : awesome graphics and gameplay. i love it very much. it has n easy handling and one enjoys the game for sure.,1
socialmediahotdog : quite a fun,1
nexus five : perfect little driving game to zone out with,1
oyeniran oluwaseyi : the game is good,1
rj : this game is amazing i love it i like how when you reach a certain area in a map there are different towns and that you can add"coolness" to your car. *****,1
pete allen : good and entertaining but very repetitive and not much longevity. no reason to try and collect all cars.,1
0bvi0us v1be : the game is good just one thing,1
hannah moon : this is a very underrated game. great controls and being able to play the whole game offline is the cherry on top.,1
bowen whitlock : pretty neat game. i like the endless run mode. it reminds me of a cross between hill climb racing and smashy road. highly reccomend if you've played either.,1
hockadgaming : great game for killing time not too many ads and just perfect balance,0
seth van ster : this game is super fun and i enjoy it alot but i dont like the way the title screen moves.this game is also an easy way to earn coins and unlock more cars,1
daithen field : dope game tbh. obviously ads are annoying but at least you can skip them after a short 3-5 seconds. solid game if you like cars.,0
aditya putra : the car control is a little bit difficult,1
mr. liberty : best driving game i've played on mobile it has some old school vibes to it simple but still enjoying ,1
muhammad rafly : i like this game,1
siddhartha auddy : please do add the first person view and the game will be phenomenal. i won't be surprised if it reaches top charts. the game has the potential to be the number one. i hope the devs will take into consideration my request. thank you.,0
sean auther : it's a decent time killer,1
shrimp on a chair : easily one of the best endless racing pastimes ever,1
wesley : this game has alot to it! super fun. moble game dont intrest me much. but ive been playing this one for hours! there are so many cars to unlock. and upgrade. you should try it,1
samartha venkatramana : best ui.. gameplay is not so intuitive.. well great concept.. i still love it to have controls that use the accelerometer!,1
tahnin nasrin : great game!! if there is movie maker so i can make fun videos. great graphics if there are more open world maps like leaner park would be great.,1
nisan sarma : its like a limited edition game,1
atomic lord : i am very interested on finding out how good ot is as i play more so far i have seen no problems and for a game made in poland its very impressive as i have been there and they don't really go into that side of the technological part of the world,0
samuel lim : relatively easy controls with amazing cars,1
juan fer tv : it's very funny,1
abhay singh : i mean just play this game and you will be amazed by graphics and from evrything from this game that u can expect! regular updates,1
harsh kumar : its amazing for for time pass and for enjoyment. its graphics,1
james powers : simple but fun. beautiful graphics. intuitive controls. cool car selection.,1
talha altun : updates are so attractive. in 2019; this game is the best for me. it's already developing and mobile games maybe needs like these specific graphics. if you're bothered by ads,0
abhilekh : except the controls everything is just awesome,0
samir siam : control system need more optimizationa and also need some more controlling option and in my opinion it will be more fun if there was a brake button.,1
irfan syauqi : not bad atcually,1
mr l : purchased the "no ads" package and when i restarted the game it wants me to repurchase the same package over. this game is a rip off. do not download or purchase anything from this developer.,1
aarv singh : i love the game,1
julian richard : great time killer,1
gunz : i just started playing and i love it. i love how the car select menu effects adapt to how you hold your phone. i love it when developers pay attention to small details,1
sir jerkey : really fun,1
andrew passino : really fun. hard to drive at first but you can learn how to drive easily. great car selection. could due with more trucks. very awsome,1
adhithian suresh : one of the best driving and drifting games i've played.... excellent graphics... it's the best game if you are a diehard fan of "fast and furious" series,1
dalton smith : fun little game but the drift mechanic is a little winky and hard to control. controller support would also be nice,1
akash : easy to learn..... everytime u crash u would like to get back again....it definitely a gem ,1
soapsy : best f2p model for a game appreciate the design and looks and it's fun fac factor as well. highly appreciate the developers insight for the art rather than stealing the credibility by predatory micro transactions. thanks for the experience and would appreciate to support the developer.,1
spear paschal : this would be a really cool game if the controls were better. the controls are terrible & cause unneeded stressful gameplay,1
monsters dock : love the gameplay,1
sani musa : this game is lit. i like the graphics,1
j5 : awesome offline game! there are tons of cars and stages to collect and play in and i love the graphics overall. %100 would recomend!,1
robbie darwis : make some events and rewards in every season. make it like a limited car model that can only be obtained from the event,1
noah darnell : by far the best game for me of 2021,1
rachel b : it's a super cool aesthetic and the graphics are really nice. it's a fun way to waste spare time,1
r padimore : enjoyable but controls still need a little tuning. just a little to unresponsive at times.,0
matiss villeruss : quite booring game i must say or maybe i was expecting a bit more than just simple good old grinding game. and i uninstalled it after i got an ad popping up after race. i hate forced ads when you get nothing in return,0
kilaru kartheek : i have read through the reviews and found that many people found the game controls a bit hard including myself. one thing to improve this is way advance indication of fuels,0
oliver badstue : fun nad engaging game,1
raymond : i enjoy that's an infident runner tpye of game,1
prakhar srivastava : absolutely loved this game. easy controls,1
hemant mundane : it is such a darling game i've ever played,1
reynald ryanto : something new for me... great graphics,1
edge celize : pretty fun you move pretty quickly from crashing to restarting,1
evan the gaming pocket : i like it,1
fartssquadruleshehs : very good game!! it has good graphics,1
miguel aidan nabora : good app for killing time i wish there's a mountain road,1
espio419 : very fair f2p model and fun game. could use tilt control though as the touch controls are a little wonky.,1
kenzie viriya : overall gameplay is great! good graphics,1
tet : this would be a perfect arcade car game if it did not have ads. besides that,1
william lock aka bukii : so far this game is great but you meed to add more to it like an online destruction derby and more levels amd jump modes just add more to this and it will be forever great and probably be a #1 game someday,1
j. eberhart : not to bad. graphics are great. bit of a challeng though if you don't get the control sensitivity just right,0
stan lee : its a pretty solid game. fun to play but i guess somewhat easy to play so adding more traffic or something to make it more challenging,1
alex simms : i don't like the game. the turning is super sensitive and also delayed feeling. i constantly had to battle oversteering. and before anyone says i need to git good. you can go fork yourself. peace out mofos!,0
tiny sailors world travels : best game every i love the graphics the cars and the cars they look like the 80's! not it not looks like it is! lol it's not it's 2020,1
hamza abdulbaki : this game is actually so cool it have more than 100 cars and the effects are so good and the animation is cool . thank you,1
william cox : plays for about a minute,1
132- kulkarni atharv : it's very good but the thing is that the car goes way fast! and it is literally impossible to control it.other than that it is a very good game.keep it up.,1
thatoneguy : literally drive it's amazing. also the car models aren't stupid and weird also has unique game experiences and things that arent common in many other car games.,1
riolugaming : from what i've played so far this game is very amazing fast-paced fun gameplay is all i've had so far so many cars to unlock so many tracks to play on it's just amazing,1
soumya n : rather you should add atleast a steering wheel or provide sensor based driving...it's so irritating... whenever i'm pressing the turn ..it's an accident,0
robert christian : it's a pretty good and well done game ! also,1
kunfuzed reyna : very good game,1
anuraag korchipati : i would have loved it,1
lv 08 : this game is fun but it gets boring overtime,1
mike hayes : beautiful game. very stylish and fun. would greatly appreciate some adjustability in the control scheme,1
mirage : pretty fun so far. i just hate the straight on collision ends your turn. wish it did bigger damage instead of instant kill.,0
peter nguyen : this game is awesome and fun. however,1
brad kutcher : unplayable. cant even load the first level. it does nothing but crash. would give it a zero if i could.,0
artem uskov : the game is really cool,1
bren robar : fun little game,1
mehras irani : great performance and great graphics,1
mark astfo : worst game ever,1
martin koretic : would be awesome if you put some classic mercedes lookalike in the game. other than that,1
raw films india : one of its kind country ride experience with real easy controls yet exciting and challenging and gripping.,1
agil hasyim : coolest car game i've ever play. simple gameplay and beautiful visual. well done guys,1
michael cunningham : game is rather good in most aspects,1
ap4746 : should add more features like,1
mohammad hosseini : well,1
kawaii fudge : everything in this game is great but the controls the brakes are horrible and the steering is way to sensitive but other than that it's great,0
david gomera : easy to learn,1
sameer kumar thakur : the graphics of this game is very cool and simple and the cars can be modified.if it has cars like lamborghini and ferrari it would be the coolest game.,1
red hot : graphic is good,1
sh m : i love this game it is a world calss driving game and really dosent amke you bored and if it does just guve my comment a dislike i am really into it its a good game a game that everyone anyone anywhere can play and its of a small size too and why not you will download it if you can get it in such a small size and that too free !!i definatley recommend it to others and i am pretty sure you will love this game!,1
abhijeet deshmukh : fantastic game and really addictive. should have had more of locations though that would've been worthy of 5 stars. i hope you'll add more through upgrades.,1
paul tremonti : nice art direction. take note of poor steering changes. lost a star; brakes are useless.,1
ryzor : the best time killer ever the controls are easy to control it's fun figuring out how each car works and it's fun as all hell,1
psy dragon : a great time burner of a game,1
klaidi cufe : really nice game. maybe the prices are a bit high considering the variety of cars but it's really not a big problem imo.,1
eri grootonk : it's a cute game,1
poowater 340 : really fun and cool but you could add more maps and have different voices for the speaker. apart from that,1
martin kungys : i have never reviewed any app i have downloaded,1
aditya bisht : this is 5 star game. i am requesting pixel art to make mountain driving game with good bus and truck on difficult mountain roads. i have never seen mountain difficult driving games on play store like i don't see euro truck simulator 2 in play store,1
smit thakkar : graphics gaming experience is totally great but how abt tilt option for driving it suits best.... need some improvement on this.,1
rio nevin : a very very well made indie game. there are a few minor bugs but they dont detract from the overall experience. i think the gnotsia is a sign that russia is coming soon! also,0
jaspher tandoc : cool game,1
parkinson sniper : extremely non realistic physics and hard to control the car.. uninstalled it after a couple of minutes.,0
thomas dawson : great game and lovely graphics with a great gameplay,1
jacob s : it is definitely a fun game. however,1
asterism : could you guys try to add an super ultra graphics? so that the gameplay is more interesting and awesome to play with? i would really love it! and of course i would rate it 5 star next time,1
elzar everything : cool,1
doom badger : once i paid to get rid of the ads it became a great game. please add an option to push out the draw distance.,1
i dont know : roads are way to thin for a car that bearly drives,1
josh sadoff : the game is your standard skinner box pay to win bs but thats standard for all games these days. this is a particularly nasty asset flip that has a unclosable rating prompt. always give your player the option to not rate your game or you will be rated appropriately.,0
desi gnated : fun to play and a neat little way to spend some time,1
marcel wozniak : i'm not disappointed. if it wasn't fully enjoyable without ads i wouldn't consider paying to remove them,0
tiredbro : this game is a good offline game to pass the time. lovely graphics,1
rd singh : impossible to control car. and in first tutorial car did not collect caps instead caps stayed above the car and there is no option to jump buggy game,1
arfa azmi : i like this game a lot.but i tried to crash my car into the train because i want to see what happens the only way to do this is you have to apply breaks when you are near the railway tracks.,0
doja cow : dear developers,1
a google user : the handling could be a bit better. but great game altogether,1
jahn fahler : i'm a big fan of endless runners,1
dean heathcote : chill driver... is it like jetpack joyride? under it's skin it sure is; but it looks nice and it's a decent balance of pick-up and play versus bit of skill.,1
harshith s : update is good for 360. am for other vehicles but sadly the cars are in black so 360 cam is useless and colors can't be changed,0
jamesey : my #1 favorite racing game on google play. let me know if you need suggestions for a second version or if you even plan to make a second version.thanks so much!,1
christopher fogg : couldn't even link my google play account. all i got was the spinning wheel of boredom on the privacy screen after it tried to link my google play account. never even got to get into the game. deleted.,0
dawn : this game is pretty fun and addicting,1
anthony efx : awesome game . liked it so much i wanted to show support by buying in game money the 3.99 bubdle. disappointed to see that it doesn't also take away ads like in most games if you buy something,0
neil messelmani : excellent graphics,1
whelmsley birkshire : saw pile of ads before could figure out how to play. no tutorial. you are on your own. deleted after 10 min - waste of time.,1
aditya krishnan : i love it.. the controls.. are wobbly which good in its own way... and whenever.. i feel bored.. and don't have anything to do.. this game helps me out by a lot. really love it..,1
keith dantzler : simple and fun. basically a different version of outrun but no ferarri. barely any ads. this is how games should be.,1
farhat shakeel : respected developer,1
jun gloria : the game is fun so far the controls got me confused when i downloaded it but after a few retries got the hang of it and i am having fun with the game can't deny giving a 5 star review:d,1
aryan naik : really cool game. the only issue is the controls are way less sensitive the sensitivity picks up really fast,1
joshua bardsley : everything works as intended,1
steve fuller : okay game,1
doctor lime : it's a cool game,1
shubham jaydeokar : exceptionally truly addictive game. being pixel,1
ryan walton : love zen mode option. but normal mode is far too sensitive for crashes. please allow some fender benders.,0
faris razannafi : one of te best casual racing game i've ever played,1
ilya yakovlev : great game! stylish visuals,1
rob weston : 2nd time ive written- have now had enough. have pushed myself as far as i can go with this game. uninstalled. sick and tired of starting a new game everytime i brush by a car of building. why cant we have,0
rjthesinsay : the game is good although i would say you'd have a hard time playing if you are to good at games it is easy for me to play but lots of other people may find it difficult to play but im guessing its not supposed to be that easy in the first place.,1
winnie suwarni : the game is good..but the stability of it kinda bother me escp when i turn or drifting sometimes it lags..pls improve the stability of the game for this 1.3 gb ram device,0
suraj tiwari : the car handling is too hard. that aspect maybe its differentiating factor,1
david george : it's okay. the ingredients of a fun game are in there but the final recipe isn't a tasty dish of reacing joy. i recommend horizon chase over this.,1
kabeer hashmi : yep,1
yugarth sharma : i just love it,1
shanmu crisron : the best game ever. the controls seem difficult at first. but now i feel like this is the most comfortable controls man.,1
bayu chandra sukma : controls might get slippery-feely at first but the game is enjoyable. the voiceover is decent,1
joseph dixon : very nice game to play and very fun! the ads are not intrusive and there's not many of them. you do have the option to disable them for a small fee. great game overall.,0
gino lee : i just don't like the way the car responds. it's like a drifting game at low speeds. and i don't mind ads,0
rushed_username : first i got it cause the cars looked nice but now i'm hooked it's pretty fun and it's cool to get the cars and drive them please add more levels and cars in the future,1
anubis fox : best endless driving game hands down. one request tho can we have a speedometer? miles per hour for us americans and kilometers per hour for the rest of the world? otherwise absolutely fantastic! my favorite game on mobile.,1
albert john h. borci : i love it. the first 5 minutes of gameplay i already got addicted to this although the controls may be a bit hard but nonetheless the gameplay and graphics are super amazing,1
manu misra : after the recent update the game became unstable,0
random videos : amazing! fun graphics,1
jacob pashley : this game is really fun i like it. it starts easy and gets harder people may find it hard but the more you play better you get. i think you should try this game,1
segar letchumanan : it is very fun to play i like this game because it is hard and the graphics is great and i rarely see any ads like the games i play.,1
prashant : it's beautifully created. sound effects and that eagle flew over the road and controls are decent. thankyou devs for making this game.,1
harsh vaya : this is one of the best games i have ever played... they have an attention to detail and their different towns hit the game with a lot of excitement and the cars i love them,1
syed danial : very beautiful game.love the gameplay and the missions.impressive graphics and stunning maps. a great game to release your stress.,1
salman roushan mazumder : great! it's not that easy and it's really goooood! the graphics,1
clash journey : like it.... it's perfect to get more cociaous and to get more control.... it's a great game for players who love to play small medium tasky games.... without any tension.... so 4/5 #conceptual_base #ironguy,1
jayden clairmont : it's pretty good so far. the controls are straightforward but the handling is a little difficult to get a hang of.,1
luqman azeem : i really don't like the new halloween theme on the 1st map. it ruined the fun and colorful vibes of the game which made it so fun.,1
nxtlvlsht dzeko : game's good but challenge and acutally needs you to gain skill for experience. the down side is that there is no tilt control,0
matthew beeson : decent controls and an interesting concept,1
anthony romain jr : super easy to get into and very addictive when you get the hang of the controls! great game!!,1
teh gaming dude : not bad for a mobile game,1
ar yuvan : #89 number car missing add it pixel team i'm waiting for them. superb game,1
jace roman : pretty solid mobile game just wish there was more levels to unlock and a audio slider but other than that pretty solid.,0
sudhanshu verma : overall game is good. gives a new perspective on endless run games. only issue is with ads.,1
rafael denardi : sweet graphics and keeps you hooked for the right amount of time. perfect for completionists!,1
hamna kabeer : vey best best best game i have ever played. play it you will like it and if you are tired of ads turn off your internet connection. and boom. it works nicely. best and my last words are download this game,1
sagi anil : you will like the game if you play it for a while. you have to know the way to control the car. once you are familiar with the controls this would be the best game you would ever play.,0
ebikatsu : great graphics,1
atty vic : you can't have a reason not to like this game,1
tenable drake : never would've believed driving could be so addicting ! just wish there were different camera angles and more maps.,1
mihai vartolomeu : nice 5 minutes of play but is impossible to predict when the different shops are coming up. so i don't have time to break and i get to crash in a light pole.,0
ace knightgaming : edit: got to challenge lvl 19,1
vix : i like it! i want an option to change the wheels for the cars because i wanna let them look better. and add like ferrari,1
ethan _ : this is one of the best driving games i have ever played,1
enola syawla : well i hate games when the drift is along with fixed screen tilt movement...please keep an option of free drift without screen movement....would really appreciate it.....#love 4 creators n developers!!!!,1
buttered nutt : this game looks great,1
markov shoggoth : completely fine. a nice little game that reminds me of older flash games. ads are not that intrusive compared to other mobile games.,1
lucas ford : really relaxed and cool,1
justin cole : really fun and challenging,1
denver : the game is great but honestly i'm disappointed,1
aleksandr golubtsov : addicting! very enjoyable,1
drifts : really cool game. fun and simple to play with no internet connection required. physics could be improved but they're good enough for now.,1
charaline dreemurr : the game runs very well +2,1
ahura erfan : earning money is so slow but upgrade cost are cheap color are limited it was better if there was any day challenge and car garage is not so good personally take long to find my ride,0
manakh jyoti phukon : great game,1
a b : all i experienced was ads...and then more ads. i played a total of a min and was already on my 2nd ad....just take the game and ads and shove it.,0
s.pratik soren : graphics wise good. gameplay wise good. that voice is distracting. smooth game okay. camera settings would have been great..,1
george macgyver : this game is realy cool,1
dan the man 0318 : as a car nut,1
pruthvi : i can't play this on mobile phone how it's steering. it not tilt or not touch. how i drive car. really it's worst on mobile phone. if i can do something tell me.,0
javier ortega iii : it's a very simple game with well done controls. i enjoy the animations as well.,1
jagannath mardi : just awesome...wish there were kind of challenges or missions to complete which would make it even more better.,1
sahand mousavi : man! i'm a guy who likes games like pako 2 and games with the same graphics. but this is something like 5 times better! i thank pixel perfect dude a lot for making this games.,1
stef triv : you could add angry drivers,1
kevin alvianto setiawan : surprisingly good. easy to play,1
captainham gaming : this game is very good,1
mitchell cusimano : kinda boring. maxed out first 2 cars and even spent an actual dollar in game. driving sensitivity is bad and laggy. not really that fun,1
romeo palcoto : i love this gamw because everytime you level up you get a car! and im so happy that theres a ae86 in this game like initial d! but i wish there was upgrades like speed,1
lloyd green : nice game. its a very good driving game and you know what i acctually like how they do the tutorial. and when you get gas and stuff. and the most funniest part is when you get the donut and then throw it on the police hahaha,1
hugh miller : glitchy and frustratingly annoying to control,0
ajeet dhillon : amazing game!! must download this great graphics in 64 mb its really too good but you think this is easy but its too hard to drive but amazing!! there is a lot of variety of vehicles to drive. so download this wonderful game. #drive,1
couric : honestly a blast. the developers had me at burnbee and hachitofu. you can tell whoever created this game is a lover of vehicles and i respect that. it's all around good fun. thank you for this. edit: just saw the wego x'd hahahahaha.,1
emil gabrielyan : fenominal gameplay,1
kondaks gas masks and gaming : this game is a really fun time killer. it has assisted me with my coordination. i also really like the art style in this game. overall just really good.,1
vincenzo gasolio : great drifting fun! nice graphics and physics too. a bit slow to unlock new tracks,1
michael grossenbacher : installed it,1
hybrid : it's really nice the grapics are really amazing also the controls are really great same as the gamplay,1
dobrado grandecastelo : progress is too slow. do you just drive,0
sand waves : cool game. love it. but what about adding some kinda a retrowave or cyberpunk cars & cities to drive in.,1
ward sauod : entertaining it's my favourite android game ever good gameplay and simple graphics with amazing cars that you can afford to buy ... keep adding new cars and roads,1
effandy sapardi : i think this is new face on gaming world. the story and the graphic are so amazing. can you make more game like this? and olso can play offline. thankyou,1
romeo nadhif islamy : best simple driving game ever,1
s p : really fun game and well made. it got a bit tedious around lvl 13 to get the challenges,1
shuaib theys : a good racing game ,1
liam o'brien : a bit weird how some obstacles you can crush right through and some that you would be able to in real life seem to be immovable,1
steven cockrill : a great time killer. all the car designs are great,1
artistic mg : need to improve control and add brakes and acceleration and little improvement in graphics ,1
spartan xander-047 : good game,1
chris d : i'm loving this game. graphics,1
deepak kumar soni : when zen mode ends then there is no button for main menu. the game stucks there and i have to restart the game. please check for it.,0
zac h : either the steering is way too loose or i just suck at this game... maybe both... either way i couldn't even pass the tutorial stages. idk maybe the road is just too narrow... maybe this game just isn't for me,0
sir charles : don't like the steering. tilt steering would be nice. button steering is always horrible. can't drive.,0
ant of earth : fun drifting game to relax with mellow to drive through the town's,1
andrew zhang : just fun. i like grinding on this game. wish there was a way to see the captions for the town names but not the voiceover.,0
nikodmp : a chill driving game. it's really good honestly. the devs ask for such a low price for a game you'll probably end up playing for a long time. it's fun,1
arjun sharma : ui is good. game is addictive enough and difficulty level is fine for a quick break from work,1
scubacca steve : sweet play,1
soner avcu : nice graphics and design,1
levi e. : pretty retro'ece game . play is good graphics are great. fast paced and tons of upgrades.,1
ezio auditore : this game takes us to various cities around the world..i really enjoyed the game so much that a completed every single achievement..,1
lokesh k. dogra : this game is so fun to play.once you strt playing it,1
glenn yohanes : it is a nice game with cool cars and vibe. but,1
turtle's : its a fantastic long runner game but i would like to see some more faster cars and more futuristic.,1
experiente g01s : i haven't played for so long ,1
rhys christian ledda : game is good,1
soul wizard : controls are medium to bad but the photos of the game are fake,0
ron stone : i never used it,1
salad : the graphics are really good and the controls not so much but once y8u get used it,1
jose saldivar : this is the best game i've ever played,1
sayan dutta : fun game,1
aayush dabhade : good i like this game,1
jonathan taylor : it's really addicting to play trying over to see how far you can go is fun even if it takes a while to be able to go to new areas,1
chris : fun but it can get pretty boring a repetitive after some time playing and there isnt much to work towards.,0
levi van iperenburg : cool game with simple controls and fun level design! i wouldn't know what is bad,1
joseph kamau : smooth controls,1
hollow saiyain : i dont really write comments about apps but this one takes the cake for being incredibly fun. i just wish there were more maps to unlock but besides that 11/10,0
ben flailin : it is definitely challenging and plenty of different cars,1
shashank v ray : poor controls and taking experience! good graphics and gameplay,1
dhruv bhattacharya : after the update,0
andrei banu : great experience overall. i like the fact that if i feel it's too hard to control,1
silvercrest shadez : simple and neat casual game,1
jagdeeshwarreddy annapureddy : app is continuously crashing automatically it is very disappointing and very much frustrated to open the app,1
damtak the negan : beautyful maps,1
f.s ali : found an addicting car game after 3 years,1
catharine langmuir : honestly it can be boring.with one tap you go sooo far!police chase you but never stop you!!!!!i would say 3 stars but it is ok...so 4 stars.with one area you have to do 20 missions!!!20!!!no!i say 3 stars!,0
mental raptors : first impression: decent graphics,1
dabnoregret : please fix the hachitofu '85 into '86 and maybe give it the original tofu shop text. none the less,0
nr : pretty good graphics a little bit tricky to drive at first but you get used to really quick.,1
robert testa : i thought this was gonna be another runner game but it turns out that the car doesnt auto-center. you don't get that many mobile games like that. i really like this!,1
pizza pie : nice graphics especially on my old phone. never crashed runs like it would be expected. very adicting.,1
till kai : the gameplay is smooth with nice graphics. has alot of cars for choice! great game!,1
vit : this game is really good. it looks good,1
barreloflavy : the graphics are great but the photo mode controls are a bit funky please improve them.,0
marrion garcia : smooth gameplay but can be better and wider roads i guess but i guess this is more challenging.,1
keshav sindhu jeevesh : it's awesome! with all the dialogues,1
spudz : awesome game for a potato mobile like mine i had a hard time finding fun games to play on this mobile and i found this as the perfect opportunity. if my of u are having the same trouble this game is built for u,1
milos injac : passed the tutorial,1
mr k : this game looks good with a casual feel,1
joyce sunthra : it is a good game plz add more maps and cars in the future and plz add some more upgrades for the vehicles like designed paint and kits,1
sarah marks : i actually love this game i got it two days ago as of writting this and already i have bought the no ads and double coins thing you dont need it but i thought it was good genuinely really enjoying it would recommend it.,1
rwias 216 : its a good game exept its really hard to find vehicles that you unlocked from the level things but its still pretty good.,1
swapan pal : this is the best car game ever but it would've been more great if it had free roam on not just the learner park but other locations to and also plzz add an electrical car,1
joseph roberts : fun. just wish the cars were a little bit cheaper so you didn't have to put a ton of time into it to get a single car.,1
vishnu vardhan : best gameplay and easy controls. japan has some flaws in controls in highway.,1
kevan mcwhirter : fun easy game. only thing is,1
marco a.s : love it. maps are well designed and are pleasing to the eyes. there are many cars to choose from. initial d fans would be pleased.,1
doc. : game has really nothing to do and also the "creative" part is a lie except you can upgrade your car but theres no point because its so hard to earn money.,1
first last : wow! what an experience,1
vincent page : to soon in to give it more stars will come back when done an update. so far all around good game besides the beginning car really,1
zak borden : i'd love to rate this higher,1
cherie renken : it's too hard for me since it is my first driving game that i've ever played. i'll figure it out though by golly! if all those young children can,1
maiwand nazarwall : absolutely great game it's just great as i like it,1
a google user : dude,1
muhammad fikry : this game is 8/10. graphic is just top notch. might as well add more maps and features. either way,1
kamrul hasan raihan : an awesome game,1
cloud plays : it is a great time killer with an average difficulty ,1
ayan pokhrel : very polished game with good optimization and a very grinding type pacing.it is easy and difficult but the sensitivity is too high,1
i r f a n : very cool graphics,1
navid salam : i love the graphics. it's very eye pleasing and it is very simple and mind refreshing gamnplay.,1
newtomic : bah it's just another endless runner with a car theme. get's boring fast,1
santhiran monia : the game is nice but i need more customizing and i need to race people,1
bobjeff boiii : i love the style and graphics of this game,1
himanshu sharma : very good graphics and controls. nice friendly user interface. i love it alot.,0
mazmartae krull : very fun driving game. it doesn't have too much of a storyline,1
saurabh gwari : everything about this game is creative. menu,1
yasasvin jaison : great game,1
isaac : fun,1
teodor proteasa : epic driving game: awesome details,1
metrolemur : first thing you have to do is give them permission to "process" your personal data as a agreement of terms. there are plenty games where you can just tap out of that and get to the game but you can't with this game.,0
kwakk : easily the funnest driving game i've ever installed on my phone. really great for playing whenever i have a couple minutes of free time.,1
nick edwards : so far so good dont like the button lay outs but slowly getting used to it. not many adds everything seems pretty balanced. will update if needed,0
bajrang rathore : a nice game combination of adventure awesome feeling when playing the coin sound is so relaxing lot cars vintage modern n more nice dude please add some more cars and more places like places of india ,1
berserker : i had the game before it is very good game but i deleted it and wanted to come back to it when i installed it,1
ray arredondo : fun arcade game i love the graphics and controls are simple overall pretty good game.,1
r sindhuarta : not a fan endless driving until now,1
handaru pratomo : fun arcade game,1
daniel visitacion : its a nice game and it has a nice graphic. please can you put a multiplayer room in the game that would be nice if you guys put it . so i put five star,1
philip du toit : the driving is wonky but manageable. also this game should be free because buying the game does include ads.,0
rider nguping : big things coming from small package. the leveling is quite challenging but fun,1
nathan brown : the graphics are nice but the controls/handling are terrible,0
jan labayen : fun,1
efemilios : the crashing issue on my device has been fixed either by system updater or game updates. the game keeps being great and one of my favourites.,0
thomas robberson : very nice driving mechanic,1
matthew boss : nice game. specially the music is very pleasing. somehow i can't perform the trick the police challenge.,1
pratyush goel : game is good but controls are difficult. tilt is also not there. car becomes uncontrobale.,1
tiago flores : i love this game in all ways,1
garrett depew : this game is so trash it's not even good you can't even drive on the road and the levels are so freaking hard you can't even stay on the road you can't even get past the first level this probably would have five stories if the game is good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
bambang soetanto : cozy gameplay. not too hard no too easy. graphics are soothing. ads are controlable.,1
loic rl : terrible controls. nothing special to this game,1
zephy nich : its a very good game for mobile but the only problem is that the controls is to wobbly. other than that its a great time killer 4/5,0
kory blake : really fun game,1
million pain : it keeps closing the moment i boot it. i had accidentally deleted it by accident,1
arthur de klerk : the game crashes on start up every time. i have played it before and loved it. but ever since i reinstalled it,1
ena stanic : good game! i like 90s/80s cars i really dont see why it didnt get that much attention on the market. voice acting is perfect.,1
michael landreth : its got 0 tutorial so the power ups r a littke confusing at first bt all in all itseasy to figure out ... seems squirrely at first but knce i level up the handling itll probly get better,1
casper vaz : an amazing game and nice artwork design the game is hard at first but you learn to handle it ,1
le epic : i got to play this in gamescom 19. it was amazing fun. now to see and play it here really shows that they have improved and cared about their game.,1
aqib mehmood : chin side of the phone ,1
james gilbert : it was fun,1
noshi irum : i love this game because i thought it will be a boring game with bad graphics and not good gameplay but i was wrong this is the awesome game i have ever played it has high graphics good game play and it is not boring i want every one to know that every should play this game and this game is going to be famous.thx pixel perfect dude you are awesome thx for making this game.,0
christopher newens : good casual game. just be ready for frequent,1
saurav singha : i love this game so much .i think that if developer make a city simulator game with these graphics it will be a killer for other games.,1
anderson cruz : this game is full of joy,1
devika v.k : amazing game i love th game but if the game have a story it would more amazing and multiplayer that's why i'm giving 4 stars but controls can be a bit more improved especially the brakes,1
michael 187 : awesome but add more views like first person view close view etc. and add a race mode like drag;drift;race;rally!,0
bryan lee : favourite map is holzberg,1
logan arx : the game is awesome,1
littlejim : thats a really fun game!,1
m w : you don't need access to that many permissions. i'd have to check but was that every possible permission ? couldn't even try out the game without selling you my soul. i read your tos (terms of service / privacy policy). .... my god. delete.,0
pablo garcia : i like everything about this game. the graphics are great,1
david kinyua : it's a good game and sort of addictive (to me),1
nick baker : love it!! cars are great,1
stan wilson : cars are too easy to obtain. can you add cars that costs millions of caps,1
es saiprasad : good game,1
thegamingdoge156 : you guys should add some sort of controller support if not keyboard if im not wrong but overall from a gameplay view this is a pretty good and hard time waster good when bored,1
rahul manoj : it's really good,1
lukylachy : fun to play when your bored and have nothing to do,1
47y847y8 roblox : when i started playing,1
about gaming : graphic are outstanding but controls is sniff without control,0
dozie derek : it's a really fun game....helps kill boredom...just wish it could be easier to buy new cars and unlock new places,1
jkacob : very good game! i really think it is because it doesn't actually force you to watch the ads,0
kuroten wheeler : car controls are a little fiddly,1
martin cooper : seems like a good game to pass the time. controls could do with a little adjustment,1
cameron folsom : pretty cool. great time pass. i really love the art style and the fact that there's an actual narrator for the game.,1
sadeka lisa : when i started the game it always says "you have a controller in. do you want to use it?" "no?" "yes?" i cannot remember all of it tho but i like the game i will give the game a 4 star review i hope you like it. and if the game had multiplayer it would be so fun to play with friends. i will rate the graphics a 5 star review and i will rate the gameplay a 5 star review and i will rate the control a 4 star review. and i pressed the update button when i saw it now the game is updated of me.,1
mounish hasan : loved this game,1
just the average joe : amazing cant even discribe this game,1
usth aad : this is super every game is different from its trailer and pictures given but this game for this size is just outstanding highly recommend.,1
gregorio pecoraro : great good movement of the vehicles!!,1
foxyfnafpt : the graphics are great but the controls and the way the car drives is pretty awful,0
soviet boi : i've played other games like this before but this one has to be the best i've played yet,1
tuyen pham : if i design a game,1
jenmar villamor : this is the best endless car game beautiful graphics and gameplay please add some 1980s or 1990s cars and new map because the game is awesome,1
just wan : the best endless driving game in this era.it isn't all about avoiding vehicles infront of you.you have to refuel,0
justin hanes : just the game i was looking for.,0
tridip r. hazarika : while this game feels quite polished,1
jonas kastrickas : game loads fine but as soon as i start driving the frames drop to probably 10fps,1
driftingninja24 : this is probably one of the best car games out there for mobile it has high quality graphics and a metric but ton of cars and challenges 10000000/10,1
tegambal ramburrun : it's my dream car game,1
praveen sharma : i love this game sir if you read this sir can you make racing game with different reasons and seasons like this graphics with low veiw camera angle..!! please.... it's my humble request...!!!,1
afif pratama : damn this is really hard still isn't used to the break system i always hold it and the cat or slow down for about 1 second and top speed again in one second,1
d m : if you want to chill and still have a lil action without stressing out,0
irtiza kalashnikov : this game is good. but you can make it an inside view angle. as in drivers view. it will make the game even more fun you know.,1
ram vaish : this is a cool game because it has..... cool graphics cool cars cool locations in fact this game has 0 ads....at least i have not seen any ads...till now. but please add multiplayer!!,0
matthew brown : pretty slick. takes an odious amount of time to collect postcards,1
solario 535 : its definitely a "free runner" as your not stuck on lanes and your car can drive freely which i like a lot.,1
srikar dvsn : the game is very challenging and so fun to play. so many cars to choose and maps to play!,1
vijay anand : amazing game..!! good gameplay,1
olly : pretty bad - requires mindless grinding to get anywhere,1
vinz avril galindon : it's a great game loved the graphics and can you add more levels? oh and i have a suggestion can you add a motorcycle hahahahaha i/we would love that,1
shivanshh srivastavaa : marvelous game tho if the controls were a little more sensitive it would have been on another level ,1
sameer d : controls are screwed up in the game please add another control options also improve brakes . the brakes are frickin crazy. they do not get applied in time,0
jesse evwoh : there's something wrong with the london mission,0
roman t : great game. no complaints. although,1
mr_derp : the game is relaxing and easy to play,1
a google user : the game is amazing.... its so addictive. i love it,1
jericca jagorin : at first it's kinda hard,1
intikhab alam laskar : i want this game more relaxed. this is a bit faster.(want to control speed) breaking system is annoying.(i want to stop the car),1
craig milne : great graphics,1
manik gazi : i am enjoying the game too much but my suggestion to developer is add dynamic weather and dynamic day and night also improve your graphics . thanks,1
r kidd : good game. littlw hard at first,1
verumest beats : i want a part 2 of this game. needs some upgrades,1
raj lathia : great graphics. great design. great dialogue delivery from the character. great environment. greatest car racing game? i'll let you decide .,1
a google user : i love this game!!! add more cars,1
desmond hoogs : awesome game,1
rizwin sj cg rajav : it is an wonderful game for driving but it is not easy to handle this car it is very difficult but i like this game very much an endless driving experience,1
zuhair aziz : really love the game and i do feel sorry for ukraine,1
fang song : it is quite good. the graphics are what makes this app one of the perfect driving games.,1
gian : the game is looking good. i'm thinking of buying but i could not get a good feel of the game due to aggressive 30 second ads.,1
pachakeeli : the retro type graphics is one hell advantage for this game. if i like driving games and retro games,1
adwik malhotra : i liked the graphics of the game but it's not what i expected. i wanted some more power-packed punch like it has to be more interesting. i will look forward for the next updates.,1
florent w : nice car selection,1
georgiana m : wow! this is the best game in the store! i'm already out of words,1
ayanda makalo : i love this game,1
dynamike sike : i paid 699 to unlock everything and remove ads and got nothing i want my money back or give me everything that i paid for and then maybe i'll rate this higher i love the graphics i love the controls,1
rey amor : very awesome and perfect app,1
pasta glock : pretty nice but it is annoying how.fast you have to react i'm not sure if there is but you could add an easy mode (i'm a bit trash).,0
shaurya das : nice game but addictive!! 3 to 4 times you will feel that game rubbish but eventually soon after the game give tasks then more it become interesting and interesting....,1
nenad.bogoevski // : great graphics,1
adarsh shrestha : i'm in level 13 currently and one of the task asks us to drive the boogie (which can only be unlocked at level 15) so i'm kinda stuck out here. need help!,0
minakshi khodiar : its is a very good game but big problem is that this game doesnot have hai break control there is only left and right control please fix the stop or break control to it.....,0
shijo jose : great graphics but controls need improvement. also an in dash camera would be cool.,1
matej : an actually good game on mobile it's pretty cool because it feels more like a polished game thatn most mobile games 10/10,1
a k : controls are a bit screwy but besides that not bad.,0
jacob : app doesn't even open. doesn't even get to a black loading screen when opening the app before crashing. what a disappointment,0
infinite void : so far this game has been very very very fun,1
mightecurser : honestly,1
binded vision : i love playing with this! excellent graphics,1
hussam hk : guys the game is great but i think there must be a break button for example in the middle or when you press both left and right together,0
002-abhishek dangi : reaaly good game but to unlock new track its quite time taking and also checkpoint should be given so that we could save when we are halfway,0
shaun woolf : unplayable on pixel 2 xl. will not even open,0
rares_69 : the game is very cool,1
tim mocaby : need more games on the playstore like this!!bgreat time killer! ads are non intrusive and usually voluntary to continue after wreaking. will recommend highly!,1
ajith kumar : this game is really cool and the graphics is neat,1
jeff figue : transport me to another time when i was a kid am now 28 n still play games why?? cuz is a smarter way to keep ur mind busy n relax i used to smoke a lot then drop into the worst nightmare the h ....n and play games like drag racing n action games is the only way that takes me into the time when i was a kid n everything was perfect thanks guys i recomend this game to everyone out there n think u never alone cuz god is with u,0
art d : a lot of cars,1
yunggneckbeard : awesome. the graphics,1
tempest 888 : great way to waste time while you wait or in need of some dukes of hazord like driving game. would love to see some 80s alien world map with cars in the same theme.,0
peter bidel schwambach : what started out as a small simple time killer keeps getting better and better with every update. please do a stage in brazil with a chevrolet opala next!,1
rupesh kanna : super game !! everyone must try please add some new maps and more vehicles to the game to make them interesting and playable ! add some more maps ,1
anshul arora : it's great game to play i would like to request more options of colors,1
nathan stine : fun game to pass the time. very professionally made and has a cool art style. #drive gets a 5 from me!,1
amg viking : i love the game super nice. the aestethics if its how u spell it is nice very chill to just play. gotta grind a little bit,1
charlie griffin : love the gameplay and the art style too. reminds me of playing old school arcade driving games.,1
owen jolivet : really fun game to play,1
massie : its better if you add a kinda free roam city drive,1
habibullah zadran : amazing game never get bored love how the garage is setup. one thing is to have different driving control like steer8ng wheels or tilt. thx,1
maddog m : really fun game love it,1
laxman mithbavkar : well it is a great game but still can u guys improve the controls ,1
gabe h : best driving phone game i've found,1
aaron williams : it's a basic endless driver but,1
jairo baguio-larena : a really immersive game. controls and feedback of the car are pretty janky though.,1
b a s s i c k : very fun and a great way to pass the time.,1
ignacio reyes bodo : very nice game with excellent graphics and physics. very rare to find something like this on the play store lately.,1
miguel antonio dimayuga : really great game,1
lsnow56 : it definitely is a fun game to play when your on the toilet and the controls are very simple.,1
kai : great game but handling is a little hard,1
leon martin : very good game but my only complaint is the fact that in the poland map the buildings glitch out alot but as i just said 25 words ago this is indeed a very good game,1
193 44 : earlier version was better..now the vehicle only takes turn...earlier it drifted which was the i thing i loved in the game thr most...it would be good if you replace simple 'turning' with "drifting"....,0
mamta kumari : the grafic of this game is auwsum but a litle thing that i don't like is control but controls are only not playable for me. you can download and try this game one time . have fun,0
rido k : would've love it if the brakes dont have any waiting time... i love long driving till i tired,1
aditya gupta : why it got 5 star??? because it deserves... this is a classic and a best offline game to keep you engage and pass your time as quick as possible.. and very enjoyable,1
techno content : the game is awesome. i have played the game for a number of times,1
jef huntington : unenjoyable. downloaded and played through the tutorial. the controls of this game are atrocious and make the game unenjoyable for me. promptly uninstalled.,0
blazing vulpix : great game!! just love the way how each car handles!! great job guys. hope to see more cars in future updates!!!,1
cameron rousseau : great game. but the driving style is a bit weird. doesn't kill you with ads though. good game.,0
ronald briceno : definitly a fun lil driving game for a long commute. the announcers lines are actually pretty chill. defintly a new fav. great overall style gang!,1
framan : i am enjoying the game but to unlock the boogie i must complete a task that wants me to drive the boogie for 5km. how can i get out of this situation?? and please fix this no other problem other than that btw,1
anthony jones : super fun to waste time. no need for wifi and is great for road trips.,1
cardboard mehmehmo : this game is great! the controls work very well and the game is very fun. there is a wide selection of vehicles.,1
nick cato : fun game i'm only uninstalling because i have no patience for games like these but dont let me make your decision it's really fun. just wish the drift function was a little bit better,1
shafaq mohamad : this is a great game with good controls and great graphics with some more updates and creative features it will rock the floor ...,1
rahmad oi : fun game! still have some bugs,1
vol74g3 : beautiful graphics,1
david mcglynn : really enjoy it! haven't unlocked much yet but i'm hoping for a "city at night" type of map.,1
ali n : the game looks absolutely stunning,1
abdulnoor kyeyune : this game is soo fake,1
kubovsky family : the game is really good. graphics and controls are good. by far best simple driving game,1
denys iefimkin : dear developers! why i need pay second time for x2 bonus,1
mike crocker : great little game. ads are sparing and unobtrusive,1
matthew taylor : title screen is all black. i can only stubble upon the user agreement after tapping all over the screen. uninstalled it right away.,0
orney : great game. smooth framerates and tight handling make this game hard to beat on the mobile platform.,1
chris beer : great time killer! love the look,1
rickie harrison : love it so far. the controls are different but after a bit you pick it right.,1
mark havasi : i was expecting a lot more ads and a lot shittier handling for the cars. i'm pleasantly surprised. good job!,0
audrey tyler : three stars for aesthetic polish and design,1
jelo : fun game,1
caden way : great game fun to play to make the time fly,1
ravi kiran : very nice game... loved a game that has no bars to reach or something like that just drive round... masth..!! still new though so 4 * will review again later,1
nuth : great game to kill time,1
mpume zungu : i have to say it's pretty rare for me to like a game andthis is a fun game there are a lots of cars like the famous car the coyote and more beautiful fast cars i love the game so i recommend you press that download button and enjoy,1
mark : this game is awesome. i've been playing the game for a couple of months now and it's still as fun as the first time i've played. i love it cause it's easy to play but hard to master,1
jamie cutts : from what i've played it's fun enough. graphics look great without draining power.,1
vebito tetseo : the game looks and feels fantastic! the controls are a little too unconventional for me. can't seem to get the hang of it.,1
aladin prutina : love this game,1
alejandro feliciano : easy fun simple controls,1
john greenlay : does not work,0
irene wanjiru : fun enjoyable and most importantly improve your roads in tokiyama and if possible allow the player or driver to be able to get out of the car while you can also enter another vehicle and lastly add multiplayer online,1
oregon astro nkgothoe : wow...i really underestimated the game..it is fun cool and you won't regret downloading it. in it is enjoyable. if you like car games you will like it too.,1
anish nair : love the retro vibe and the pep talk. controls are bit weird but once tou keep playing you will get a hold of it. love how you get to throw doughnuts at police to bribe them :d,0
lidia cleary : i used to play thos game and i have started playing this game again and it's great and hasn't had any major changes but this is one of those games that are simple and fun and that is a compliment.,1
abdul rehman : this game is amazing it is a time killer please download this game i like the the car drift and the dount thing the fuel thing and mystery box thing i really like that so i highly recommend you to download this and dont forget to it a five star it deserves five star bro,1
a google user : this game has its quirks it is a good game but in the beginning it gives you the best car or stats but that deos not matter apparently because the coolness of the car it the best thing i don't know if you want a good game it is good,1
panda bambo : good game could use a brake pedal like a button,1
koustav karmakar : honestly the game is good and all but there is one problem it doesn't let you have the full control over the car. and that is why i rated it 1 star.,0
999 nine999 : it's ok i guess... not much else that i can say without lying apart from all the reviews are copy and pasted and it gets very boring after 2 minutes...,1
amit sahadevan : this game deserves an additional star if a few more towns are added..awesome experience!! please look into adding a couple more towns,1
laurie wilcox : a really nice balanced game. choose a fast car or a slow one. would recommend.,1
harsh : its an really amazing and maps are so different from eachother thats so nice please add more maps in the game.,1
modha808bech : the game is good. but i cant complete the mission using boogievan at snowplough. how can i complete it if i cant even use that van? i need lvl 15 to get that van. im stuck at lvl 12,1
griffin caleb martorillas : great game but pls add some more adrenaline and ai players,1
neiljohn cerbas : the gameplay is great.the graphics are perfect.and the game is good but challenging for me.,1
martin bezjak : great graphics,1
m s : relaxing game with no intention to rob us. thanks team for this wonderful game. love the graphics and the music. devs please make more games.,1
tre y : took all my gold and a lot of ads. also dont let people buy upgrades for cars they dont have it makes no sense why you would be able to,0
logan rymer : overall is a great game but it could use more areas. but its fun and challening makes me want to come back and play it,1
mark stilwell : too many ads and no option to skip any of them,0
bluw boy : this game is fun ot does not have many ads and it is not that boring either it is more of a game to fill time then to play constantly but over all it is a fun game to play,1
m s : love this whole game and the cars the game are all awesome but when you pause there is no 3 second start so you have to get back very fast but it's a awesome game,1
alex polyakov : it's a great game but i am unable to use my controller with it. it works with other games,1
pulama talukdar : awesome graphics. this game is just what i needed. it's my most favourite vehicle game now,1
giannis kampilis : visually pleasing artstyle,1
ardhy mahardhy : this game is really good.... and idk why my phone always shutdown while in the middle of the game. anyway.. can you guys remove colectibles while in photo mode?,1
jules risser : it seems impossible to get the drifting counter to sum up. i keep drifting till x5 and yet can't pass the drifting objective. any idea?,1
jared newport : awesome game,1
omenogor success : game graphics are very good and it's also nice but the game mechanics is bad and it's hard to play and control.,1
khywayne thompson : this game is good but i kinda don't like it because the cars are out of control,1
bryan rosvall : concept of game is good but having to start from the beginning everytime is annoying. nobody wants to live a ground hog day.,0
mohamed ayman : the commentary is way over the top the game is really challenging the car collection is fun i've been having so much fun playing this game tbh,1
sleepy ninja : this game is probably one of my favorites on the app store. this game has good graphics,1
david rolf : fun game. ads are long though. steering is really touchy. not too bad once i got the hang of it,1
joris goossens : really fun and peacefull game to play. and if you the payments are also really cheap,1
mpumelelo lethu : this game is the best i could play it all day and i'll really like the voice and if there's an update why don't make it if we can customize our car,1
joe bernard : great graphics,1
kartik khandelwal : i had a very good experience with this game but the only thing is when i reinstalled this game i lost my hole credits after sync with play games please don't do this,1
mohamad kia : it's a little hard at first. but when you learn how to play and control the car ,1
mark sanchez : made a purchase in the game,1
tamar denton : great game! sounds and visuals are well-done. the gameplay is very addictive and fun.,1
daniel foster : fun! and the game sounds don't interrupt spotify playing on my phone -- that's a big bonus. can you teach other developers how to do that?,1
shakotan_joker : awsome game,1
uday borah : good graphics,1
neonlichts : please fix handling or make the turns wider i love how this game looks,1
luis : a very great game has over 100 cars the coolness option to your car is amazing you should download it if you dont take my word for it than download it you won't be disappointed!,1
claire : great game - would love some more places to be added,1
julian prado : simple graphics and mechanics,1
surya mudaliar : the game keeps on crashing,1
mark failla : definitely a fun five of five. lots of fun and squirly just the way i like my women. can't wait to get back yeah! thanks for making me feel like a kid again. lol,1
harvey dale : addicting + difficult good for casual players,1
ranjan savaliya : this game is very crazy but i'm rate but don't give car,1
mr pumpkin : the best game i have ever played. the music is amazing and the narrator guy that supposedly sits next to you is very funny.,1
zephyrdumbstuff : the game told me to rate it so i rate it,1
hamidlogary : i love it and the best part is the amount of cars is just that can u you please add multiplayer if possible and maybe like a whole new year like 2020 where there are new cars and everything,1
chingkheinganba thoudam : i connect my my game profile with my google play account but i accidentally uninstall the app and reinstall the app. but my progress is lost i start from the beginning. this is sad,1
harold mcmeaty : fun game,1
kyle masta : it's a decent little time killer,1
keen francis catindig : the controls is kinda hard. add a tilt option. that would be great,0
pablo pazos : this is a really good looking game,1
the fourth willie : this game is really fun. the unique thing about this game is that there is someone talking while you are driving. the steering is a little tricky at first (in my opinion). you should get it.,1
abhinav sharma : i am finding this type of game for over last three years. i found it now! i am telling you this game is amazing,1
azad soleimani : a lot of ads!,1
headlightstheperson : this game is amazing! i love the details put into the cars and maps. i highly recommend this game if you just love to drive!,1
fernando vargas : it's a very good game,1
arjay comawas : okay this game is in another level it's a perfect game but can you add more camera angles for better viewing thats all i want. please responce,1
william collins : this game is a lot of fun not that many ads either! the one thing i don't like thought is how expensive it is to buy other cars though!,1
thebaguettewarrior : fun game,1
manjula k : nice to play but some adds after car crash .no problem ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................ ...................... .. . ............................,0
aditya ff : i just loved the animations of this game,1
a google user : cool game,1
yeray herrera : best game ever if there were no ads,1
jayson baltes : this is actually a really challenging get good game very fun once you learn the controls and there actually simple good job,1
addios money : it's a good game it is enetertaing and makea ypu constantly move scine you have to refill yoir gas tank or repair your vechical. i enjoy it quite a bit.,1
shawn erekson : i have only been playing this game for about 10 minutes but so far it is very well made,0
junk : really nice game. it is like temple run but just next level. and it's difficult controls makes the game even more fun,1
naradhipati andaru : its a really fun game,1
adrian kimani : great game,1
zeninari : before the last last update,0
peeper roach : i love it but please add a dirt bike to ride thanks,1
tomi spevi : many details,1
carmiel grau : i like it. it is a fun car driving game...,1
eric jackson : it's fun just wish it had better handling,1
zion : very fun game i really enjoy playing it would definitely reccomend,1
girija kizhakkemenakath : the game is actually good.and graphic is nice ,1
tj feral : good fun. controls kinda klunky,1
ldg playz : really enjoy playing the game highly recomend it!!!,1
bounty fox : it's a great game. i love the variety of cars you can pick from. the game is fun and in some way relaxing.,1
b mathan kumar.m 12-b : hi guys ,1
harsh bheda : good game but one thing developer should. put some more modes and one the prize for the cars and a state are high update then inform me i will give 5,1
ro darkrush : good driving game many cars to choose from,1
kook smoont : incredible little game. i'm definitely going to check out the rest of the games from the developer. they definitely deserve your time and money. also greetings from england to poland,1
matthew cooper : wow. this is the best game i have played in a while. simple controls,1
firebear foo : this game is a good game.reminds me of outrun but this one is in a more relax pace. expecting more cars and map to be released.,1
shane williams : so far so good. played for about 15min clean game. some ads to be expected but so far not shoved down your throat.,1
gloknot _official : pretty fun game to make the experience even better hook up a gaming controller to your phone.,1
ru qis : a simple yet addicting game! i downloaded this game since it first came out and with the recent updates the game gets even more interesting and fun. i'll be waiting for more! keep up the good work =),1
von vera : i love the game!! i am addicted and i also love the updates (every friday or saturday) this game is a masterpiece.,1
radjaza. : love the graphics,1
mark joseph r rubis : this is literally good i only rate it 4 becous i had a good suggestion pls add a little bit of multiplayer by using hotspot for racing with my close friend/family pls it will literally look good if it have some a bit multiplayer for pvp race. pls i will rate it 5 as soon it updates,1
joseph papaw : good game,1
shaydin gonzalez : love this game,1
ian bradley : i'm eating this game four because it's really fun and challenging but i will rate it five stars when you make it so you can't slow down,1
muhammad : it's really fun playing this game and i like how easy the controls are but maybe the brake should be more efficient,1
sapphire lewis : great game! good detail,1
braden collins : i love endless runners,1
siren head but not : very good unlike the controls. switch to joystick please.,0
4vrag3 : honestly nwver played a game so simple and fun as this it mixes all the best parts ie: good gamplay simlple graphics and a hint of story,1
zach barcus : awesome i have 3 games on my phone. world box,1
mirage scythe : controls are questionable at best and car physics do not work with game speed . do not recommend anyone playing this .,1
tarun sharma : this is the best vintage like arcade game. keep up the good work. hoping for new games and updates!.,1
tiago moura : great game! not an exaggerated amount of ads... controls are sketchy,1
brian graveline : top notch mobile game! perfect for passing time. my only hope is that they continue adding new content,1
samar bhatt : really such a 90's game it's quit boring the control is very bad especially brakes it should be open world modern graphics latest car's like forza horizon 1 ,0
yvan rolly : very nice game,1
jr fresh : i really enjoyed it a more involved arcade game could have done more with the customization of the cars,1
nikhil vavakkad : small size segment its nice game..bt control the car was very difficult... so its fix it,1
anjan sarkar : right game for right people . my favorite pass time . enjoy but make more levels and more cars,1
adrian castillo : it is amazing you pass the time fast and they try to make the game as funny as possible and on top of that they minamise the ads as much as possible,0
geetha nair : the game is superb with actually 3d graphics but controls are hard i mean too hard no proper breaks etc.,1
benjamin arnold : good game to kill a few minutes. i like the fact that there are no microtransactions (except remove ads),1
7k rusu : 5 stars. absolutely inginious and i love yhe graphics and the control.it is an endy game,1
ronald miranda : it is good because you can buy a lot of cars and change some aspects and has a good difficulty,1
ilyes elemer : nice game,1
octavio : awesome game to play on my phone,1
chew gaik suan : not bad,1
codedgar : this game is so much fun! controls are easy,1
andu planken : very fun game good graphics,1
cedric : so hard to control because you have to push the left button and the right button at the same time to do break . my recommendation was have a another control system that have control wheel and in the left or the right side of the screen have a button break .,0
jack deye : its great,1
brighton roper : very fun,1
lemuel's google account : fun and beautiful. easy to play,1
kordarre : runs extremely smoothly,1
dave smith : fun and addictive. very reminiscent of the old outrun games but with more objective based gameplay. overall 5/5,1
bella mendoza : can you improve the game to have bus ai add a bus that can pick up people add a the bus as are vehicle,1
rajiv dayal hans : love this game! play it nearly everyday but please add more levels,1
javier ruiz : it says it will give you the delorean if you rate it but it is a lie,1
jkmiddy 22 : love the game good time killer if i had any suggestions it would be to add a few more customisation opinions like neons more paint colour and some simply graphic over all good game,1
benji rodriguez : it is really fun great time killer really easy controls it is a really cool really like the graphics and it is amazing download it..!!!!,1
esben abildgren : to many commercials,1
juniqr zack : you need to improve couple of things 1- i dont know about objectives untill i get into drive and met an accident 2- when game is pused it must show how many objectives i have completed nd how much left 3- during drive there must be distance measure somewhere,1
h : it was great! a lovely asthetic. challenging controls to imcrease diffuculty. love it,1
james fun & games : good game for when your having a dump but also it does get boring doing the same thing over and over long to get money not unless you watch adds but a ok game.,0
simon resendiz : really good driving sim,1
amy gue : pretty good game overall had a great time. but you really should should add little challenges.,1
ariel muga : addictive game really funny one liners... it's worth the ad-free purchase,1
sean abihsera : very simple but fun,1
muhammad abdullah shakeel : the car durability is too low. and there is no set objective.... not for me.. less fun more frustration.,1
angel calderon : kinda cool,1
zeeshan malik : the graphics of the game are amazing,1
sultan hgt : brilliant game. it would be perfect if there would be gas pedal or brake buttons in the game. but so far so good.,1
jason myburgh : best mobile racing game so far.....for those who appreciate the time and effort put into creating a fun arcady game.....theyyy nailed it..i'd give 10 stars if i could..,1
isaac das : the cars take too long to get but the graphics are amazing and the game is addictive.,1
andrew williams : fun game ,1
terror sneeks : i love this game,1
shresth jindal : best car game i have ever played....mainly what i like about this game is that ot does not waste your time in in main menu it just kept u playing it....its too much interesting game,1
your mom sucks : this game is a good way to occupy yourself with or without internet. this game can use some more maps and stuff though.,1
daniels rex : not so easy to drive as i taught but still good,1
templar helmet : gameplay loop gets a bit boring after a while,0
greg vail : simple graphics style,1
richard : it is pretty enjoyable and relaxing,1
tevan ramburrun : the game is good,1
ilkin aghayev : i uninstalled the app because i was stuck at level 7 despite fulfilling all requirements. after reinstalling i can't even open the game,0
mr legacy : i like how fun this is. it is great for everyone. earn vehicles. the coolnes feature is amazing.,1
ghostie : love this game. it's really simple but really hard,1
mohammadreza ghafouri : game play is not good,1
nyi zaw : the game is very good i would say,1
zain abbas : amazing i love this game,1
linda zwane : it is a good game amazing,1
jose jimenez : good time killer,1
3 besties : nice game i love to play it in my free time. but it's hard to make it straight again after turning,1
manoj sonvane : super text you copy will automatically show heretext you copy will automatically show heretext you copy will automatically show herepin copied text snippets to stop them expiring after 1 hourslide clips to delete them 9,0
jase allen : extremely hard but makes it fun,1
stsa : nice game i ever played,1
koketso starsign : it took a minute to get used to the control and the game is just so relaxing and addictive.. thanks for making this game,1
bad wolf : fun game,1
angrygamer1224 : actually kind of fun,1
mr butthurt : quite like a delorean,1
patrik rusinko : it's really boring,1
jose joachin : so i like it just need to figure out the steering,1
badal bhagat : i want to get into this game & drive in that car through those towns & say 'hmm nice place'....the game is just beautifull . could u guys plz add 'tilt control' for this game?thankyou,1
pixelblend : i don't understand the concept of post cards. i drive for short period of time and get many post cards and less if i drive for longer time. and how do i even get postcards that is very unclear.,1
biswajit banerjee : nice one in arcade category ...only if it could save the progress in a map it would have been great,0
audi tt live reaction : pretty good overall but the car handling/physics could definitely use some work.,1
zdenek vavrina : love the game. it's got a sense of humour in it,1
riley momo : the game is very fun and i enjoy it,1
muhammad rizqi imani : this is a good game to pass time with.. but i wish i could turn off the voiceover sound,1
tuhin dominic : really cool indie game. one thing i like about this game is that some how more fun is in how far i travel and not how fast i travel. good job guys. keep it up,1
paroshan naidoo : addictive and fun gameplay and easy mechanics to learn. really enjoyed it.,1
alexander gajic : fun to play while listening to music,1
tangent tang : kept crashing after recent update. became unplayable. will update rating after they fix it.,0
prabhanie liyanage : really easy and fun.love the easy controles and the cars overall a great well thought out game,1
md k.h.s noor : it's better than it's review. you want to play a real car experience game this is it. wow grafics and awesome thrills on each drive.bestest.,1
mehdi mosavi : so far it's pretty fun. i'll give it five stars after i play for a bit and i see how much advertising is forced on me.,1
hanz deorico : the game is noice:),1
miles albery : good but feel like there could be some tighter corners. make it a little more challenging in a fun way,1
matteo bellemo : too boring,0
arnav mediratta : great game! would be nice to have gyro controls for turning the car and maybe some more kind of power ups,1
instantnoodles 26 : super good you play for hours on end with no flashy ads for the in app purchases and even then you don't need to.,1
will e. : you only get a tutorial,1
kriss kross : nice game it's so good because it is an endless game i recommend add some drivers that you could use while driving.,1
vaanu sood : very bad steering control. over all game logically right,1
lay lover : this game is really fun and the design is very stylish and overall just great. seriously recommend this.,1
amar bamerny : good graphics and background music but controllers are really bad even if you upgrade fully the best car still cant drive properly please improve the gaming control,1
a google user : controls are just hard to handle,0
ken brannon : i love this game,1
lokender rawat : it's new map is very amazing and controls,1
matyas galavits : the game is amazing,1
mechanix b : i like the game because it's challenging......doesn't push you through levels so fast ....most others finish too quickly,0
captain broadsword : i wasnt even able to start the game as there was no money to buy a car,1
elijah bernard : the game is fun for sure,1
rahmat saputra : difficult to master it,1
jeffrey shimmel : tap to steer is terrible. brakes don't work. didn't even finish tutorial. has potential,0
naveen bansal : graphics are great. controls are hard. game is unplayable.,1
dan namic : it's a really fun game with cool visuals and a nice art style. would recommend this game for sure.,1
michael webb : this game is fun unlock cars and get driving,1
sebastian bush : it is a fun,1
alen aji v : this game is just wonderful. its a great time killer and the graphics are just amazing. definitely worth a shot,1
benedict john dela cruz : cool aesthetic! controls are kinda tricky but once you get the pattern,0
diego rodriguez : the gameplay is fun. however there is a frame rate issuse that makes the game immpossible.,1
prashant kumar : something new in racing games.controls are good enough to handle the cars.while you playing the game you engulfed in it how time passed you never know.,1
igelknytt : arcade,1
05. andrej jan durtka : great game and all,1
lucas broomfield : really unique art style with a nice soundtrack and incredible cheesy voice lines.,1
om shinde : good game good graphics and amazing concept. and yes it feels relaxing to play this game which i liked the most.,1
laundrystare : i'm not one to spend money on mobile games,1
asha joshi : game is awesome but the steering types bedded more . we need wheel or tilt types ,0
shayan gillet : the menus have motion controls but can't use them as controls? that's weird,0
soumen ghose : car game,1
shock : great keeper. i think it needs more customisation but other than that amazing. keep up the good work!,1
zyujika : very nice game,1
visakh vichu : the most addictive offline game i ever played. the funky animation gives a fresh feel among other driving games.,1
syed shafi ahmed : great mini game . nice physics. need more maps and game modes to make it much more fun,1
essy_loser : trash app the car is hard to controlso you cant keep it on the road and u cant pick up the caps so you cant pass the tutorial,1
game tv : that is not only game that is art,1
a google user : hi guys i play this game this game is father of race and best race and graphics are good but in this game i want handle,1
kyle cotnoir : the game is in the title. drive,1
pawan samdyan : this is a good infact a very nice game but there is a problem with the control there should be more steering options,0
zafer : really laggy on a oneplus 7t so by no means a slow phone. made it unplayable unfortunately even on low graphics settings.,0
siti sarah abdul rahman : just playing for a few minutes. fun and relaxing to just drive. thank you for the zen mode.,1
sanketh : pretty boring ... but could be a time killer ... wouldn't spend a penny on such a stupid game ... maxed out and stock cars literally have no difference in performance drives the same ...,0
ethan's adventures : great game the graphics are great.but could you add more cars like new cars to the game.,1
potato king : it is a fun and kinda addicting game. not everybody's type of game but i enjoyed it. i suggest getting the game and trying it out.,1
mohamed m. ibrahim : in the latest update,1
fokus : this game is so good. but in my opinion the cars are to expensive especially the minis i have rated 4 stars. :),1
justin domingos : i am loving this,1
samwidge : this game is fantastic for the average zen player to your hardcore petrol head,1
likith reddy : this game has that aesthetic which makes me addicted to the game. even the gameplay is forgiving and worth the time.,1
dashcam journals : its hard to control the car. but the game is good. pls fix the car steering,1
a google user : this game is very good and also a good graphics like cartoon. lots of cars and roads.,1
vihanga prabashwara : graphics are awesome and the game backgrounds is fine. one of the best car driving games i ever played,1
amor the doggo frye : won't let me play it,1
prankatron 9000 : amazing graphics and awesome car designs. can't wait for more cars to be made.,1
itzz galaxy : one of the best game i reccomend to bring more places and vehicles to make it more interesting like the indian street and the cars over here.,1
hugo bossard : i love this game. the grafics are pretty beautiful and the gameplay is amazing ! i guess that one of my favorite game i ever play on phone :x,1
yeet yeet : can't restore purchases on reset progress,1
nitin kumar : what the hell is wrong with steering,1
nick kalil : i love the voice over and all the different vehicles. but one thing i'd change is to lower the prices on the cars by like 20 percent.,1
josemi alcaraz : controls are kinda sloppy but it's still fun. it has some problems with the hitboxes tho,0
d. jones : fun and i love the retro inspired atmosphere. has a lot of potential. keep it up,1
a google user : 5-star if you make the car bigger because i just seen that when cars are bumping into buildings the car door is so small and the building door is big.... so just fix size...,0
v1pnice : unique idea,1
matthew de amarins : this is probably the best racing game i ever revised its amazing! especially the graffics cartoon.,1
hgrianto : hill climb racing in 3d. am i right? also,1
abdul subhan : great app you should download it,1
austin rides : good game for if there is nothing to do,1
rampuneeth : fabulous game just loved it,1
aditya santoso : nice game,1
stella aidoo : i think this game is one of the best game l have ever played,1
muhammad talha : this game is the best way to pass your time,1
hazlan halim : this game is awesome 5 stars,1
archer114 mcevoy : all it does is crash on my fire tablet,1
austin dowicki : game good,1
dash molina : good game ive played it like a days.,1
marty mcfly : loved the fact that you all included cars from iconic movies like back to the future. overall great game!!,1
charita tongson : this is a fun game .... yeah thats it,1
lion gaming : i think it's a very good game,1
sean gangemi : like the art style,1
steve misati : nice app very enjoyable,1
myles fortt : great addictive game with a great style and selection of cars which you can customize,1
douglass levy : yes but it still need details,1
dionis cici : it's a very good game i like it very much,1
nick hill : i recommend buying the "wanagan" you'll thank me later......,1
witalakbou thuimai : thank for making this game,1
ali mehrjui : nice and fun gane,1
koby chapman : fun and addicting,1
tiru neela : it's completely different game l,1
jason charles : the brightness driving forward is way too bright and the developer should make a normal driving mode with brakes that actually works,0
lukaz manalastas : the game is good so i recomended it,1
john harrison : is so fun,1
suazly 001 : it is a good game and i love it,1
liam young : this game is pretty slick.,1
darkair productions : very nice game,1
benjamin money : yes a good game indeed,1
ramakant dhondekar : this is nice game,1
sanjo julian : good for time pass...,1
hector macias : to be honest this is actually really good for when you're bored mey be a bit hard to control but after a while you will get use to it :),0
toto geenen : you don't need *max coolness* guys,1
daniel ramos : nice game but horrible controls due to high turning rate and lazy camera. devs: please play tabletop racing and observe the control fluidity,1
timothy brackett : steering i think over steers but i have it turned down,1
7th prime : this game is so great for vector lovers. i think "the coyote '73" is a lot cooler if it has red color option,1
beast man : there is no feature or way to skip the mission . please add this feature on the game because of this i can't level up,0
haiqal.a : 1st time playing... this is the best ever... hope your dev added a lot retro cars soon... for retro car lovers... this is for you....,1
tyler klescich : looks amazing but crashes and glitches on my pixel 4xl. not sure how to fix it.,0
daniel dowd : cool game too many lame ads,0
a google user : this is awesome i always waiting for this game...this game is realy retro and nostalgic...please can you adding some jungle at borneo and land rover defender camel trophy...,1
richard watson : surprisingly chill fun game,1
orca air : brilliant game well thought up and very well put together there is no glitches or any in game faults i can find and it is a totally briliant origonal idea 5/5,1
aqeef zalihan : its nice the graphics is good and there a lot of cars to choose,1
dry leaf : good game but if the camera would have been more close to the car then it would feel more cool to drive.,1
andrei hag : fun game. takes a little while to get the hang of it (especially drifting) but after that it,1
n allen : bad controls! everything else is so good,1
joseph neerbasch : so far this game is pretty fun. and there doesnt look like any predatory scams going on either wich is great!,1
star marzuq : best game so far ,1
matt mitchell-tebbs : good so far,1
vandit agarwal : i love the voice of the man that speaks . i also love the graphics but please improve controls.,1
nicolas sajche : it's honestly pretty fun. takes a while for me to get used to drifting and ads aren't anoyying like other games,1
joseph quirante : really cool game,1
jordan carollo : its pretty good because of the handling difficulty and because of all the nice places you can drive,1
solergamist k.m : i think its rilly fun the way the maps chang and so dous the the items i think its rilly cool but i wish there wus a easyer way to drift in it like its not teribul but not ehat it could be but still i think it is a rilly amazing game,1
mohsen shahmohammadi : i like to meet the cities of each country and see their famous building,1
aditya chafekar : not bad!...the game is really good....if you could add a tilt to steer option it would be greater!,1
ashutosh soni : wow,1
willem-g smit : great game it is just a little bit hard when you tap to hard. you spin out of control,1
sandeep mukunda : love this,1
worst gamer : garbage,1
caden smith : i like the 3d and there lot of cars.,1
tristan alberto : fantastic! i hope there will be an option to listen on my spotify playlist while on zen mode :),0
brian martinez : the game is fun because sometimes it is hard to make a stop because a car is in the way. the game is also pretty hard because but it is still good.,1
adam ecsedi-papp : they asked me if i liked it,1
aaron : it isa good game and relatively easy once you figure out the controls .,1
caden dolan : this game is great but i would like it to allow you to customize your car not just colors but also wheels,0
shahzaib awan : nice game add some more functions like a big city in which we can drive any were in city also add racing rivals and more police which can arrest in game,1
babloobarjinder singh : i have played lots and lots of games like this but this was something different and amazing hope in the future you will add something new like drift thing or anything but new.,1
nolan : this is the true mobile game. almost no bugs and no pay to win. this a great game. have 5 stars. your earned it.,1
tero oinonen : developer is active in groups related to game,1
e reyes : please add more challenges. i'm already done and now my only challenge is collecting more bottle caps. great game,1
tom adams : good time killer. ads arent the most intrusive as with other games. decent little game.,1
rohan b : it keeps asking me to rate the game and i can't exit the dialog. the only option i have is to rate it. bad design.,0
crappy-o's they're great : very fun game i reccomend playing this if you like challenging driving games i reaky enjoy this game and if theres a second one im downloading it right away.,1
bugattish md : an amazing game. epic quality and so far no bugs at all! there's nothing wrong with this game and i think they did a spectacular job in making this game. good job well done!,1
momonga sama : great game,1
jeremy bates : unable to collect the tokens in the tutorial even tho i drive right into them. delete and won't download. do not recommend,0
lawrence how : good game but the ads are too intrusive and often. would be better if the ads are not that intrusive,0
darshil popat : really really good graphics,1
ahmad hamza khan : feeling blessed to download this game.........a perfect simulation drift game for me. man you gonna love the animation and background locations of this game. love it.,1
tep3a : i love this game! it's fun and easy,1
todoroki gaming : first of all the grip on road is the worst even if you upgrade it and the controls are tge worst. ps:doint install this game.,0
dryw : not much corner variation but there is a simple sandbox area to play in. pretty fun.,1
bryce skinner : its an extremely fun game. it has a bit of difficulty,1
anirudh jaswal : an interesting driving game with cool retro modern graphics and gameplay.,1
anant aggarwal : the police low and i want it that it's level will be high and the road is very low it has to big road but it's good it need bikes,1
alex leonav : seriously the best game to play in order to pass time. i seriously enjoy this game,1
edouard martin : love this game,1
pro videos : it was really cool until my first crash where a long video ad played and i uninstalled immediately.,1
benjamin kosto : not bad! fun arcade type racing game. simple to understand but tricky to master.,1
noah burgess : i actually really like how the game works with a modern hill valle clime game and i quite like how you can get renamed cars of classics like the trueno or delorean very good game,1
silver surfer productions : what a great game. it runs very well on my device,1
casey lovato : great game only thing is if u have no money to buy content tll take along time to get the really good cars thats if it keeps u interested long enough.,1
tactical peacekeeper : i like this game,1
anthony westcott : you guys did an excellent job on your game. definitely spent the $7 to get all the cars. great job!,1
410 yungbroski : the graphics are beautiful but the controls are ass. please stopping taking away my coins when u hit things that's so stupid.,0
nico mason : the game is great but it won't let me proceed past level 12 because it says i need to drive a car that wont unlock until level 15,1
nikita morozov : i like those little cars. too bad the modern design all look like spaceship.,1
mahdi mazloom : game is good. but has bug in level #004 "tufuyama japan ( not loading !!! )",1
thomas power : i love the graphics but what i wish there was is like in smashy road (well renowned mobile game) where you can get a car roll.,1
neeraj sharma : this game is very good and graphic very asom,1
unfortunate gamer : pretty good. art and graphics are great. lil hard to control but other than that. is pretty noice,1
m. young : complete waste of time. uncontrollable and pointless. really needs gas and brake pedals. uninstalled.,1
shilpa bhagat : man that's amazing. it's kinda addictive too. graphics good,1
andrew caver : honestly surprised how much fun i'm having with this. even when i make no progress it's fun just cruising along.,1
oratile lesibane mabala : first of all great game ,1
fuzail ahammed : i have never experienced such a driving car game. its unique in its own way and better at it too. loved it.,1
chase gamble : poor graphics hard to play,1
emilio diaz : it's been years since i financially supported a mobile game normally i just play them delete them and that's it but this game is so well made and fun that i just couldn't help my self and support them,0
ridwan ahmed : great games. really loved the offline experience. buy a car with good grip then you will earn more cpins,1
v.k vinayakan : it's so good and the cars are so good even my grandma plays this game,1
blake obama : so far loving this game people are saying controls need a rework no they don't they are good but the game does need more voice lines and a bit more gameplay,0
samsam ramos : nice game its all good,1
ren orion : actual decent game. good for passing the time and kinda difficult but rewarding.,1
beejay : it is very fun i think it would be cool if you added tilt steering and first person mode otherwise i highly recommend it,1
david hall : great game it's a new concept to me but i like it.,1
joe chafin : it's a hard game but it is fun when you get used to it.,1
motlacks baleng : what a great game in the history of gameswow! but its not that good if play it rapidly,1
zahir timpico : one of the best car games for mobile no cap,1
gaming tube gt : very fan and its graphic is very good,1
ayan : live this game. very good graphics,1
charles collins : i like it but it's hard to control the car,1
anele menqe : fun game to pass the time..enjoying it thanks,1
r vid : good game if can use stering tilt i think will be more nice.....,1
endo nesia : seems fun,1
e : this game is awsome no ads no nothing,1
christopher schoenaar : great game but the steering is wonky,1
nora ponce : there's a glitch you need to see is it appears every time,0
lois12 : this app is good but the steering is hard,1
matthew robinson : fun game and easy to play,1
khaing pyae phyoe : better without ads,1
miranha lokao : the graphics give it a movie vibe,1
power brain : one of the best and addictive games ever created....,1
sprucesleet 9947 : i love the game play but it's hard to go to the gas,1
adwaid krishna : nice game. really smooth gameplay,1
baxia hayran : this game is great!!! the best car game i have seen.,1
sangeeta singh : the game is very good but add bike also,1
sofakingdeviant : game crashes at launch. galaxy s21ultra android 12.,0
nishabiju kumar : exceptional awesome game nice job job developers,1
roberta elie : best game ever i played this game one month and i never bored at this game good job,1
rudranil sarkar : what a nice mini game! love it.,1
night visitor : sorry,1
cianeane rukas : it's hard to play,1
max berent : it is lots of fun and relaxing,1
ramesh ramesh : i want a game like this and i done it so kind of you. u can read my mind,1
vlad dinca : driving on the wrong side of the road...,1
hena sara : amazing game keep up the good work,1
divyansh nema : controls are really bad..,1
tone tower productions : it's a bit hard but it's great!,1
cormier ioanis : fun and learn how to drive,1
captain skoriorio : pls update more jdm's on this game and pls more supercars i cry because youre game are too fun so pls update.....,1
jordan morrow : awsome game guys really good for when you have nothing to do,1
jatin mourya : nice game but improve game settings,1
thelma alonzo : nice game,1
jeffrey eestermans : sorry,1
kolano pigmeja : well made arcade,1
bruno shaft : the game is good,1
niz ahsanov : awesome game with good graphics and nice drifting. also sooo many cars to collect! this game is epic!!!! thanks dev.,1
kitt delorean : game's great,1
richard jones : not working at all on pixel 3. stops to show controls and you can't un pause.,0
vryx alexander bonzo : very good but i can you make the cars a little bit more cheap cuz its a little expensive but still a excellent game.,1
mangesh gaikwad : i really love this game. this game controlls are good,1
fancy pepe : braking is very hard to pull off at high speed and not worthwhile at all as it only lasts for a second,0
headwave15 : this is really well made game.the controls are really easy and it can keep you entertained for a long time,1
littlepro : it's very good no cap it's just why i gave it 4 stars is because the guys should say more stuff like nice drifting when you drift or like what a ride to something like when you buy a car,0
tim aziz : to say that the controls are garbage is an understatement,0
shreyasc60 : i like the gameplay and the interface. the game is well optimised and good for relaxing. loved it!,1
kavita khokhar : at first game looks great but eventually it starts buffering and my system says app has stopped . my system has 6 gb ram,1
gesse olausen : its entertaining and fun,1
hamid abdessadek : not one to play games on my phone,1
jay : good! my some advice: (1) add racing mode (2) online multiplayer racing mode (3) leaderboard (4) night (5) add more car like lamborghini & bugatti,1
phil.k : very fun and exciting game. its very neatly polished and runs very good,1
human being : good graphics but gameplay could be better. 4 starts until tilt controls are added,0
landon byrd : i just got in the game so far it's pretty fun unlike most games it doesn't have too many ads and it's pretty good it's a bunch of fun,1
masteregim : this game is great,1
ethangamer101 : amazing graphics!!!!! love the game and also i like how it's 3d when you move you're phone.amazing game.keep it up!!,1
christian jalmanzar : a great game with great graphics and content the only prob is the controls but its a great car game,1
arjun s s : whenever i play,1
slydicai : i like it,1
dudedo : best endless game. nice graphic,1
jordeno campbell : amazing i remember when i was 10 this game was still in beta so i didn't know how to play the game cuz i was so stupid and i accidentally switched it to controller mode so on my other account i rated it one star because i thought the game was complicated lol,1
mark peters : downloaded game,1
antonious ethannael halim : great game ! but please add another control option,1
alpha : great graphics,1
john carlo ongcoy : it is fun! the graphics are good easy to place and quite funny hahaha for the game creators. good job making this game!,1
lorenzo threadgill : the game is very good but you can't drive it because the steering is to sensative.,1
michael gyamera : outstanding update. the look and everything looks amazing than before! it was great but now,1
smit ojha : really loved the concept and gameplay...fun and a nice time killer,1
srinath vs : i made a! in app purchase but the purchase was cancelled and money debited from my account. please initiate a refund,1
hassan gabriel syed : this game is amazing so becuse i give it 1 stars . the level 7 is so hard to complete becuse the drift 5 second in one run ist imposibe to complete it please remove the drift mistion ol,1
aakash kumar : game is more than just perfect and i like the voice "we could use some fuel"..but you need to add more levels please!,0
atharva creations : nice game,1
nazier simpson : very nice game to play,1
chum chummington : game is fairly entertaining and overall relaxing love all the options tho i wish i could set the speed for the vehicle's for more of a zen type drive,1
duncan mouton : fun,1
paulo valencia : i liked a lot the essence of the game. it's not filled with annoying ads and you can play happily.,0
juan : i mean it's good at what it does. but i got bored quick. just maps and cars ......there isn't much to the game.,1
phillip szeglowski : neat game with enough difficulty to make you keep playing. the cars are really cool,1
dragon slayer dan : fun and arcade endless runner but a car and nice simple styled graphics.,1
sloppyspeedhorn : i love that the cars in the garage move as i move my screen. i also like the challenging gameplay,1
vu3aym : superb game! the best racing game on play store,1
wahyu andhika : good game,1
bunta fujiwaraa : when you're already used to the controls and handling..this game is the best! its so freakin' fun!,1
kaiser dandangi : nice playing game. but how do you drift? i didn't get the tutorial for it and it is a challenge for the level i am at. halp,1
ligin sebastian : this is great.but im not sure it has a linear progression,1
carter kallio : best game,1
vipul patil : love the ux ... nice graphics in this compact game ... endless mode makes it fun to play again and again...,1
mr. master : pretty well designed game,1
mario vas : such a great game it is truly good but the game should be like a little more exciting like the police vehicles should increase in the chase.,1
tom mcpadden : excellent! everything from the interface to the gameplay itself is very well made.,0
asdfhuk : fun game. pro camera a bit iffy but still fun to use. wish there was a guide or tutorial on the powerups though.,1
mohammad irfansyah : the best implementation of unlicensed cars i've ever seen. keep it up. the game is awesome too.,1
abhishek p : so trippy bro! the music is epic. i see what you did there with all the gas stations and stuff. 4 star because i have a small phone ugh.,1
alexander krustev : great game! very entertaining,1
tunde joseph : it's a very nice game,1
n g : well presented,1
r.e.m : cool concept,1
ivwes nwindy : fun game but i wish there were more stuff that happened during the driving.like set pieces or traffic i donno,1
tika ram ghalley : wrost game ever the controls are worst can't control well but the graphics are clear but i hate the control,0
sneaky jay : love it. more cars and content pls. also slower cars would be nice. and diverse towns,1
tom ndambuki : wow it's a very cool game. i love it on my phone always.,1
takara d : gameplay is good but need more control option n also add some japanese cars like ae86,1
carelesshater69 : epic game. keep up the good work! suggestions : - add a daily reward system - upgrading cars - more stuff from the question mark like rockets,1
prateek pattanaik : i have not played this type of awesome driving game in my life... very addictive.. thank you so much for this stunning game.. keep developing the game more.,1
akalanka giddawage : nice graphics but the controls are boring. should add more precise controls,0
ron carpenter : fun little game to play.,1
zakir hussein : paid for removal of ads and supposed to get 75000 caps. i reopened and found out no caps given. what a dirty cheat. fix this problem!!!,1
shaurya sharma : i think pixel perfect dude has done outstanding job with game,1
cread grey : it's a fun little joy ride but it's hard to unlock the other cars in it unless you want to spend money,1
noob buster001 : this is the best game not going to lie ,1
balance : the reason i gave 4 star was that the game is a bit of laggy on 2 gb of ram and i think that it must be but so please fix it in the bus upcoming update,0
beloved bapple : love the graphics,1
the person : very fun to play when sitting around,1
vadim condurache : by far the best endless game,1
anirudh chidambaram : a neat game which is very good for relaxing and is so much fun too. loving the strong texan accent of the driver,1
ivan vuckovic : fun and refreshed driving experience. it's a game,1
kalin angelov : oh i like the cars,1
evan harol : this game is relaxing the steering is hard but still is really fun it also has good graphics and is a fun game to play with your friends,1
shivakumaran : nice gaming but try to drive steering controls. because i know to drive with the steering. fix this alone,0
abdul rehman : very nice game,1
ace ntn : i was playing the game for a while and i had 20000 caps and almost 100 post cards and i didnt play for a day and when i went back on i had 15000 caps and 15 post cards ....emediatly uninstalled the game,0
we are the lamb : eh,1
giridhar m : best driving game for android... try at least once and you will love it. great graphics...,1
hardik anand : there is a delay in steering and the cars are way expensive,1
danymon jalili : so fun,1
shankar boyeni : this game is very easy to play with many vehicles. i'm impressed with its graphics and controls,1
mr!sprinkels : i love this game,1
rick genier : its fun but not my favorite game i like how you have unlimited lives and i dont like how some cars slide too much but overall its a good game,1
akos benedek : very enjoyable game. very relaxing but after completing the game there is no real goal to grind for.,1
keino young : great game. takes some learning. controls are a little tricky in the beginning,1
r. dion ammar syarif : overall best graphic and controling,1
sharingan sup : the game crashes at startup after a certain update,0
kajetan rejek : cool game nice graphics,1
josh romel : simple and awesome car choices. i can't wait to unlock more vehicle options.,1
angry null : good game ,1
jul arno lambert : i loooove this game it's fun,1
dewan madhurjjo : awesome graphics work,1
noah mangion : its amazing i love it and also it has my two favourite movie cars the ecto 1 i think and the back to the future car as well this game is smooth running,1
adnan : it's a great game but whenever i freeup my phone storage it's data get lost and i need to start again kindly give a option to save my gameplay,1
aps : great gameplay,1
egemen ozan : i really like the art style. its very "outlined" sort of like a comic.,1
king of dogs 22 : amazing game! great online and offline. plus many great and funny cars,1
rikhil rosenpershad : very nice game,1
dylan jones : controls ruin the game. i love the look of it but the game play isn't good yet,1
ethan anderson : fun game,1
perry coates : it's a very fun game and it's just the best to play when you have free and the ads sent even bad at all,0
miyagi : forces me to rate it,1
gokul : this game has so much potential than now.....it could become more addictive than clash of clans if it include some more ideas....,1
deepak patil : everything is good except the controls. controlling the car is very bad,1
v!g!l3nt dj : the game is smooth,1
trey white : pretty fun game. controls feel kinda sluggish,1
maria theresa geronimo : add a dodge challenger srt demon i will be happy please????,1
vishwas g : please add more levels after finishing 20 or at least give an option to attempt the previous levels again without having to reset the progress.,0
dylan wallette : its a pretty good game,1
superflowerguy : everything is good except 1 or 2 ads every so often but in game credits are very hard to get,0
noah fabini : pretty much the best entertaining easy and fast to play game for android. gotta love the graphics.,1
clearwater path : its the most badass driving game ive ever played,1
anirban : absolutely best offline game but can you guys add more realistic physics pls (over turning will flip the car) and add some drifting cars also pls ..and a distance counter (k/h or m/h),0
calvin beamer : it's an awesome game and every addictive,1
arkadev mishra : concept is good but gameplay is very very poor,1
diogo : beautiful art and creative design,1
papa eric : what a nice game,1
some_yeet_ boi : great game especially for free. rarely any ads and just a great game all around.,1
varun s : i don't know why people are complaining about the controls.... after 5 games,0
glenn aus : graphics and the scenery is mind blowing! the gameplay is very good everything is good on this game,1
a google user : i really love it but it would be better if you'd give the driver a bit more time for'em to get the nack of it and then increase the speed,1
blake white : this is the best game i have played in a while. in fact,1
john doe : not an easy game. drift takes a while to get used to,1
f0gpie : relaxing and interesting,1
drew griffith : why am i driving so fast? who cares! i'm having lots of fun bobbing and weaving through traffic. fun to play,1
tom the cool : i recommend this game its for 3+ rated and it pretty cool nice graphics and gameplay and i have one problem can you make (#drivez),1
michael brown : fun little time waster! neat retro feel,1
adbrct : neat little game. i'm obsessed with the designs of the car models in this game i just love the almost low poly look,1
kendrick fernandes : everything about this game is so immersive.. i've got totally hooked on this game the missions get really tricky as you progress,1
brad seegmiller : it's is easy to control and the game overall in the graphics are really good,1
arko saha : the camera should be zoomed in a little bit. but that's just a personal opinion. this game is very beautifully designed and fun to play.,1
the unknown darkness : great game but every time i press the revive button it just takes me back to main menu! please fix this bug,0
nejc bizjak : been playing the game for a while and it's really cool,1
kamara gibson : i love the controls and i like that you upgrade the speed and stuff instead of buying new cars .,1
aderibigbe oluwatobi : awesome game,1
paul fraser : not bad but riddled with ads. you're basically forced to pay 5 dollars... and it's not worth it.,0
mustafa zou : overall i'm satisfied with the experience. good game,1
shubham battoo : love this endless driving game,1
godson joseph sunny : game is very very good but couldn't complete the task 'trick the police' someone help or describe what to do.,1
taziah walker : love it,1
sean shan : i cant play on samsung j1 mini .my phone have 1gb ram,0
matthew pokryfke : need to have a career mode. game would be amazing. especially with the graphics,1
alex fernando : really fun game! it would be great if you could unlock / enable 60 or even 90fps.,1
m k : the game is good the controls and graphics are good but they need better car designs,1
finley allan : it was really fun i like it except there should be more options for revives and an easter way to get bottle caps aka coins,1
rendog77 : such a immersive,1
christhemyth : honestly a very good game the physics are awesome the chassis for the car is so good no complaints of your looking for a non stop driving game,1
denyce ngarah : i like the game its exciting the first few times but gets boring u shud include more racing activities and options it gets boring when u continue to play as is,0
ram kandula : 4.5 are u serious..? this game is sucks. difficult to control the car ,1
chris o'brien : very good graphics. sometimes it's not clear what the objectives mean.,0
joseph ciaccia : this game is really fun to play. this game is easy to adapt and has a simple goal. the currency in the game is easy to get and it makes grinding the game fun. overall,1
m anderson : awesome. graphics are excellent,1
jdm pixel : the game is really fun,1
sleepitv : this is an amazing game,1
luis andrade : so i had this game a while back and deleted it. now that i'm back,1
vasanta k : try try try until you suceed is the meaning of this game. wah! what a game it is! i tried and tried and i got how to play. this game is exactly a correct game for rating 5 stars. you also download this game and try until you succeed,1
matt thomas : just a really catchy,1
gether washington : quite a fun endless runner,1
vaultking 99 : this game is a gem. let me just say in short it's a endless runner forza with music for and from classic car shows,1
jace caie : controlls are a little bit hard but the game is so fun and dont get me started on the scenery rate it 5 out of 5,1
captainsmasher jack : it runs well and feels smooth it takes a while to get used to the game but it's skill based,1
andy scales : not a bad game,1
wolfking sam : great game just you should make the car invincible when you revive. most the time my car just viers off road. smh,1
dinoguy45 : really fun and just an easy game to spend a few minutes on while waiting or if you're bored.,1
anselmo silva : looks really good,1
noble six : love the music,1
svh itcon : nice graphics. please think about adding an option to use the gyroscope for steering...!,1
purple gamex : im on the first place of the game which is drycrumbsand the game feels more fun and unstoppable to play thank yu for the creators of the "game". :},1
aaron abraham : its just an awesome game to play . u must play it for yourself to understand the fun . it is also a good timekiller.,1
steven morton : its so much fun and is so easy to learn,1
k de la o : great game! lots of levels and fun. its got me playing it all the time trying to beat the levels,1
mir dulal : the comical graphics make it appealing & the gameplay is great. helps me waste time,1
jacob silverthorn : it's a pretty solid simple arcade racer. good for burning up some time.,1
tentaklebeard : so far so good. might actually purchase this cause the ads are annoying.,1
greg mrozak : works fine but you die in minutes. annoying and useless! don't waste your time.,0
asura diavolas : it was a really good game. graphics were phenomenal. it would be fun if there would be more levels.,1
max moreland : fun for mobile players,1
mohammed ahmed : great graphics but i didn't enjoy the game play for sorry,1
debanjan dey : bro bro bro,1
p. james st-fort : the game is good,1
justin gage : great experience. would be nice to have graphics settings to increase fog/render distance,1
aryo pradityoutomo : nice game,1
rob : only been playing for 5 minutes. it's ok. graphics are nice. bit repetitive,1
harry wilson : a very fun game with a lare variety of cars and maps and is a overall good driving experience,1
dow white : actually pretty sick driving game. ads aren't that bad,1
aneow : bad steering experience ever in all games. no goal or aim. just drive a stupid useless car till you get fed up.,0
kailey reyes : amazing game! awesome graphics! very easy to control! i love it! highly recommend! 5 stars!!,1
ryan kennedy : the game is beautiful,1
nath d. : fun,1
kirb st0mp : this game is great and the driving physics are beyond fantastic. it's such a simple game but i'm hooked,1
karl ferdinand : i don't know if there's something that i'm not doing to be able to play the game but somehow i started with no caps at all and can't play because i can't get a car due to the lack of caps. i can't even get the cheapest car in the game. if someone has a solution to this i'll change the review,1
dewald greeff : the game is awesome...the graphics is outstanding...and dont get me started on the highlights,1
vishal xxxi : need a lot of improvement add gyroscope add more traffic theme is superb.i was not able to go through the sides. brake idea not cool,0
jamie thrailkill : i think then controls shud be more sensitive and respond quicker but the game is a blast totally a great mobile app!,1
vignesh poojary : playing this game for almost one week loved the game the concept the graphics but there is not more game modes makes me boring add some more game modes please love the game,1
jaylen hanson : love the feel of it,1
hibiki : great game ,1
msh skcirdneh : lol i took this opportunity to uninstall it,1
wan amir wan isa : great game but need to add more rewards,1
flux the cynic : the driving mechanics are pretty bc. nice graphic design though.,1
altrim selimi : simple and fun to play. is there any chance i can get the soundtrack of one of the circuit's? would love to play it while driving in real life.,1
fakhrul zulkifli : its quite fun more than i imagine... i really love on how you create this game... i really like if you put jdm slot in the game,1
king bazinga : pretty fun,1
4bs0lut3 l4d : really fun game,1
dev maanus : lovable graphics..but why is it so hard...i can't play for more than 10 minutes inclusively...still giving 3 stars for your work..,1
haker aa cossiah : i love this game,1
marie georgette : good sensations,1
asifa sultana : its an amazing game its so good there are varities of cars and maps you can also customize and upgrade your car no lag no glichtes,1
lity music : it wont give me the option of reviving when crashing. fix that and other than that 5 stars.,1
marcus h : a good selection of cars some good graphics for a free game. i would give it 10 stars if i could.,1
lameck kanai : the controls dude are too weird,0
michael timmons : it's cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!;:'"*,1
anslem das : no bugs and can enjoy a smooth,1
orko safin : best time killing game. i want more different types of smoke or nitro effect on car like the phantom car. please consider my request and make it happen next update.,1
owen hintz : this is a really good game it would be better if there was enemies on the road like spike strips,1
crazyman1424 : great game i reccomend pro cam because of the controls id perfer to drag my finger left and right others would agree also fix the braking i brake and smash into walls xp,0
roger newton-darby : great game to pass the time but it need more turns and a wider road,1
daniel menk : fun way to burn some time! might be fun to add accelerometer controls in the future!,1
jaroslav marcok : love it. just a little more work on the car control and thats it. great work. 10/9,1
myat lwin hein : this game is nice .but can you do to customize the button layouts. that make me to nice for the game.,1
c biluk : stupid. i just want to drive around.not what i expected. car is too fast,0
yannick anthony : this game is so fun and so realistic like when i was playing it i noticed that everything the guy says is so random in a realistic way. i really like this game and i fully recommend it,1
paul agner : it is so fun,1
john jones : its pretty fun,1
phill shufftner : i skipped the tutorial and upgraded the coolness of the wrong car. now i cant play the game because i dont have enough caps.,1
miya kopo : it's good but the guy who's next to me says the same thing over and over but i'll give the game a 5 star because the game is endless different maps to,1
nk artizan : not bad.... game runs smoothly after the first start up which was bad ...i got a lot of lag so...anyway worth downloading!,0
shafeeque c a : good one for who is messed up with all other games...good controls and not so boring though. thank you developers,1
jigsway cuttlepop : add a game mode,1
harshavardhan malla : graphics is good! controls are tricky.. kinda reptitive.. not intense..,0
paranoid clover : man,1
liam knightley : really fun. nice shaders and art style. i really liked the article you posted about its development on 80.lv!,1
thomas e. : best mobile racing game,1
skywalker sohan : this game is fun and hard at the same time. and cartoonish graphics suits it better.,1
greyf32 : would prefer a classic racing game style instead the curent game feel more like a colecting floating tigny grind and make it boring time atack would be better like dirt,1
lawrence : i like the detail of driving on the left in the uk. fyi,1
gary robinson : how do they brakes work,0
shogun of flame : great game great graphics great car selection over all a good game one request i would make is for there to be a story mode but that's just me,1
loss : very cool!! i think devs should add speed,1
ahmad hanafy : the update is great specially giving up a heads up to the coming vehicles,1
48 vishwakarma om x c : work needed on photo mode,0
ali khassanov : nice controls and graphics,1
anonymous sparrow : its awsome one of the best i had ever played.ioved this game a lot . it is the best game to kill boredom. good work pixe perfect dude ,1
egy bolhacska : no gyro = no stars! buttondrive in a driving game is so backstabbing. get with the time its not that hard. check 'how to gyro game phone'. why make the game bad for no reason?,1
ruben chaudhury : amazing game!! totally love it... i have completed all the missions ..hope the devs come up with more...,1
kelvin cope : great game. would be good if there were check points so you didn't always start at the beginning,0
mr shantnu : awesome awesome game . superb work by the makerssss. completely free and enjoyable and entertaining game .,1
kristof jozsa : ads. play 20 seconds,0
chow delpato : the game is really cool just think they should add a customization to make your car cooler.,1
joshwin daniel : brake mechanism is complete trash. can't slow down the vehicle when needed is utter trash. no wonder people use modded version.,0
mr shenanigan : this game is really clunky and had overly sensitive controls. the framerate is disgustingly bad on my samsung galaxy note 9. it's really just jot very fun either.,1
meta : this is a really fun game,1
nick pearce : pretty good,1
zakaria benguernane : the game play is too slow !,0
stealthninjacat gaming : this game is awesome! i really like the idea. (especially the honda city ;) this game is worth your time.,1
clement dahan : tough at first but it's better that way. i really like the graphics and music :),1
triamgle : amazing game. i love the art style and the funny car names. 12/10 would 100% recommend.,1
alec sanborn : this gamenis really good. great game play,1
yel gaming : great game. i hope you can create a game this but with twist of zombies.. that will be great much. adios.,1
arif juna : great game! it would be awesome if you either have a motorcycle version of this or add some here.,1
balarama krishna : addicted grapgics and gameplay but the major drawback is that of no revive option and you have to add more cars,1
maximdj12 : i think this is a great game. i would like a voice line for the driver to remind you about the donut that you missed when being chased by a cop.,1
ady m : terrible controls (i tried all the control schemes and tried adjusting the sensitivity),0
naz naz-rol z5 : what a challenging game.. it's tough to control but i enjoy it and like it..,1
roland steenbeek : infuriatingly hard to drive. steering is impossible. don't know what the point is really.,1
javas anaqy : i like this game because the control is easy and the scenery is good. thanks pixel perfect dude,1
kristen verbeek : worst game i ever played it sucks i can't even drive 1 second without crashing it sucks don't play this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! >:(,0
rory bourke : love this game,1
misha mlinar : nice graphics,1
jp van der walt : so much fun i am so addicted to this game though it wouldn't kill you to ad a starter pack with power ups and new cars xoxosend thanks to the makers 10/10,1
adriaan van den bergh : the 30 second ads are horrible! way too many ads.,0
zachary burkhart : it kept prompting me to rate the game. i got annoyed so i rated it for them. i hope this is what they want.,1
salman khalid : at start i was not aware of all the features,0
okina : great time killer with decent graphics and cool music. would be nice if added more cars though,1
arvel barcinal : a simple game that is easy to follow the instructions. and the graphics are awesome.,1
joel perolino. : i played this game over a month ,1
lonesome feazell garage : this game is a blast easy to play for a while lots of really cool cars to keep u interested i have alot of fun on it,1
zenon samuels : fun game with cool graphics and overall concepts! please include an aston martin!,1
impulsive : amazing cartoony graphics but the controls need an improvement.,0
tired 1330 : the game is fun it has a lot of different things and the longer you play the runner it gets.,1
nathaniel adhi windratio : the game is nice! i love it! but i want you to improve the control and add more maps,1
sri ram : the gameplay and graphics are really good,1
skipthedude : good game not many ads,1
redheartrecords adams : a great game and no need for in app purchases . play for free and have fun without it costing a thing .,1
johnathan hardman : honestly a well built game. a lot of fun and relaxing. a great time killer,1
bjrn again christian : could use a tilt control option for steering and left button brake,1
fml : this game is so good. i like this games. good drive simulator on the classic cars.,1
keshaun summerhill : best vintage game: the game is pretty good,1
adie henderson : good cars and graphics but it's really hard to get into the stations,1
someone to smoke with : it's pretty fun but you have to have quick reflexes and asli if the game was open world it would be sooooo fun!,1
junior paradis : enjoy the game easy easy to play and pass time,1
kamla patel : very nice game,1
chris fanning : fun game ti sit and play for a bit. the graphics are appealing and i like the physics .,1
crezzative : what is "learn to drive" task at level 6? i try so many thing and it does not work,0
archis anupam mohapatra : amazing,1
k a u s t a v : good game but it could be more fun when you add ramps,1
mayank vaidya : this game is very good but you should add a feature that can customise cars easily by our own choice,1
user account : nice game. remove black bars on top and bottom with matching colors.,1
nihar joshi : wonderful game with excellent graphics. the physics is especially commendable.,0
triston mannelli : i have no troubles with this game,1
yash : very cool,1
lance darby : excellent game play,1
david o : very decent game. funny voice over and good controls. also no ad overload which is nice,1
micheal ogunleye : "rebel bubble" is located in which town in the game? the game's great and fun to play.,1
andreas orschulok : nice game,1
a google user : i wish you could put some tilt mode in the game. i cant control it that much. but its a good game!,1
mine what : this game is great and i would recommend it to anyone but,1
botond bator : i'm back after a year. the game changed a lot in the positive way. it is a cool game,1
russell jarvis : i found this by looking on the selected games page and it's good try to dodge other cars more obsicals power ups no adds it's a mobile game dream!,1
andre mclean : great game,1
halo titanfall : it's a decent game,1
ecsm m : amazing driving game and experience and there is almost no ads that is a definitive plus,1
adrian m thepro : very fun and challenging has high replayability and plenty of content to unlock.,1
jacob lascar : when i was buying a pack with real money it said the transaction didn't work but then a few minutes later it took the money but i didn't get anything for it,0
clayton dunn : pretty good game loaded right up and does not lag. i also love the graphics style.,1
vivek prasad : hey devs please fix this new update,1
ayan sharma : controls are the worst. i could have negative 5 stars if possible. worst controls of all time.,0
junaid khan : game graphics are awsome and i have posted a gameplay on yt.but comtrols of the game are too difficult you cannot even pass the first target in this game.very difficult gameplay.hope you will make this game easier in the upcoming update.,1
popothepig : really good game,1
jakob evans : fun game to play,1
david marie : the game is so fun and i'm still playing it since i was small and boy is so gudd to play it again,1
oscar rich : amazing game,1
taylor utterback : very nice. very chill. all around fun. edit:i really like zen mode and pro cam together it's really i m e r s i v e,1
shid : best mobile game ever,1
wim oweh : forced ads. garbage gameplay. mindlessly repetitive. low skill low effort.,1
max dugan : fun little cartoony driving game. ads are optional which is nice,1
ko bhone : u should play this game. this game has good graphic and many cars.,1
synner : it's actually rlly fun and addictive when you're bored and have no internet and i only got rid of it to get space,1
mercy adeka : this game is absolutely fantastic but please can you put two controls,1
jackson bwalya : good game but needs improvement on the graphics and controls,1
fiona mccaffrey jones : very good graphics are great i would love to see a ford capri,1
vikram singh : this game is very hard to find but once you do your go na have some funnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn,1
captain price : i love the whole game but idk why after the last game november 17,1
domini quarz : i enjoyed this game a whole lot.... basically,1
nirmal .p : nice game but locations like mars japan,1
dhanveer solanki : super cool and challenging game controls are hard which makes it fun really cool game by pixel perfect dude,1
francis sarion : its amazing the graphics are very realistic and easy controls hope you guys do mire games like this,1
johith vinayak : great game very simple graphics but very effective. kudos to developers!!,1
jordan p : the rate of updates on this game are absolutely mad. keep it up,1
aashu shakya : please upgrade it like in gta vice city driving a beach site car name oceane simply you can add more drifting and some turns and corners thanks.,1
rita wagade : amazing game make me happy i love this game very much,1
justin king : if you upgrade your vehicle too much,1
aromal rajal : controls are really bad,1
ahmed moamen : this game is so fun and with no wifi the controls will be hard first time trying it but the game is. sooooooo much fun,1
hykl : pretty fun,1
contactflyer 25 : it's a really fun game with awesome graphics and an amazing personality. i can't stop playing!,1
andras magyar : good game for chill and for waiting,1
animeted stoner : looks good but it's not letting me in the driving part of the game it just goes black and goes to home screen,0
caleb smith : updates caused me to get dizzy in the menus. originally this game was 5 stars but updates have cluttered this and made the ui worse.,1
jesus castillo : i purchased an avatar for 200 postcards,1
thomas adkins : it was alright. upgrading the car seemed to make it more difficult to drive,1
jadzaher8 : players who complain about hard controlles are just noobs ,1
pranav gutsknight : awesome!! retro.. developer i literally want to say keep updateing the game its very nice go on develope... add new new things in it it will be best ....this time will come soon,1
james alvarez : love it..very fun!!...i downloaded this game to check it out ..i play alot of mobile racing games and this one is very good..keeps my attention and it is very fun..,1
sibiraj v h2071 : its a great game with many maps and extraordinary graphics in it ,1
andy morrall : controls are horrific,1
snap countersteer : the game itself is addictive and challenging,1
clapped gameryt : pretty good in my opinion compared to the others i mean yes the game isnt the best but it still is a pretty cool and fun car game at times when your bored,1
harsh singh : developers are great they understand the problem and improve it lets come to the game so it is addictive game with so much fun you must give a try,1
gift henson : i selected a car and where i want to drive after the screen went blank and the game stopped playing plz fix it!!!!!!,0
brendon abbott : all around really fun time killing game,1
jason : one of the best android games out ther. but i wish you could customize the cars more.,1
hakiim r : this game is fun,1
counting days : constantly crashing when game starts. happening to me for 2 days,1
javad s : the car is very difficult to control,1
silent llama : extremely hard to control the car which made it frustrating but good graphics,1
krista : minimal and fun. controls take sometimes to get used to.,1
s v sumanth : completed the game fun af would be better if u bring more unique challenges...the current ones r too repetitive,1
goat sheep : devs,1
brian young : too many adds. can't get a feel for the game before adds start poping up constantly. deleted,0
roberto russignaga : the first 20 seconds of gaming and you get 30 second of ads. ridiculous. removed.,1
aayden ramos : its an amazing,1
alpha jib : pretty nice game. fast enough to play while waiting and fun to make you want to play more.,1
david samuel biji : super cool game normally i am not a fan of games but this one caught my eyes and playing this game is so fun because of the weird but cool graphics and please add the game for macos and windows,1
luca cammarota : fun and addicting,1
sastra : great game,1
dylan rees : the game isnt letting me lauch it when ever i click on the game it sends me straight back off could you please sort this out but otherwise its a great game,1
solo yo : awsome game and ive been playing for ove 3 minutes and i am in love,1
jake parker : it,1
jacob grimes : kinda just a stupid objective and pour controls. looks amazing but i guess it's just not what i expected haha,0
agent v12 : i'm an addict to this. barely any ads,0
riyad rijvi : something to try out guys... feels old school bt in new way.. good old game with new artwork physics .. good jov devs & please incluse 2nd option for button controls.. love from bangladesh,1
zabran mikail kharis : this is by far the best mobile game i played in my liee it doesent have many ads and the graphics its just muah perfect you know what i meant download this game its very gooood,1
c. tarun kumar : overall great concept...and good game.. i think the controls can be improved,1
subhash kshirsagar : the best game i ever had. it is simply endless. and the controls are really awesome. loving it,1
pedram ahmadpour : bad control. game's handling doesn't support phone tilt sensor. i hate to handle my vehicle by touching.,0
super gamer : this is really cool game where you can buy diffrent cars and upgrade them to drive them in diffrent maps,1
baconeez3 : i wish you could see how many caps you have while driving. other than that,1
marcin wawrzonowski : great racing game! nice visuals and a pretty enjoyable gameplay.,1
justin gilbert : first 5 minutes in i love it,1
cranberry king : this app definitely needs more downloads because it only uses ads to revive but nothing else and i like the graphics,1
shakazulu tilden : really fun.. can master it and it even more funner.,1
daniel deans : this game is fun i guess but there isn't really much to it,1
kyle watford : great game but it would be nice to have a small daily gift. like some caps or postcards.,1
theyiffystick : game has a lot of quality to it the devs actually put their heart and soul into this one unlike most devs of this genre def a good pick up,1
aleksvuk : pretty good concept but the control's are a bit off. anyway great game.,1
hubizel : the game is amzing if you like right left touch car games you should get it and the graphics are like a comics and the action like when the police chases you its like in movie get the game its,1
scotty medley : control is a nightmare! not interesting enough to peak interest to keep trying,0
mark a. : horrible touch controls,0
sunglasses cats : great gaming experiences with these beautiful background and bgm. one of my favourite time killing games.,1
carson hill : great game amazing graphics easy controls and a unique artsyle almost no adds and nothing locked behind paywalls,1
xander leader5000 : this is an incredible game easy controls helpful tutorial. i cant put this game down!,1
michael van der vyver : good fun,1
potato wagon : why in the world do you need access to my google drive account? i understand needing access to facebook or google play,0
arnolds : the game is made well,1
oka aryadi : overall great game but sometimes you cant turn left or right. would give 5 statrs if it gets fixed,1
ayesha mustajab : i love this game,1
meazi miky amanit : i like the game and graphics,1
parsa pakdel : no ads ,1
khalil bnf : deleted it after the first drive. that's what i do to apps that make you watch ads forcibly.,0
strategic hero kfp hr manager : the graphics are good and its a fun tine killer,1
mohd. fatah : i love this game so much...i just hope that i can see my score (coins) in zen mode while in the race.,1
ben fixes everything! : hmmmm.... do i not download a mediocre racing game or am i cool with letting these guys sell my data to whoever they please?? #bye,1
drifter legend : i enjoyed the game but since the newest update it won't let me update the game even though i have enough space. will update it back to 5 stars if it works again.,1
nick fortyniner : could never agree to terms and it crashes after 2 seconds. i have the pixel 2 xl,0
asi_authentic : amazing game.10/10.thanks for hearing me out on fixing the performance.my dad and i really bonded over this game seeing who would get the highest score.thanks for helping me bond with my dad more.just wish there were more good games like this.,1
angelo exe : isnice. don't forget to find the control scheme that suits you in the settings,0
pavan kumar : everything in this game is responsive and graphics are very cool. game is perfect dude!,1
joshua parilla : the game is good music good but i wish there will be more content update music update like synthwave or retrowave music,1
greg swann : pretty cool,1
vinod shrestha : nice . full of fun and graphics are good. i enjoyed this game when i feel bored. that's a good game fr time pass,1
taine steele-allen : very good game,1
euticus kibugi : awesome game experience.plus the fact that the cars are classic makes it even better.thank you and pls create some more awesome games,1
mastro gaming : it has a very good graphics. but graphics is not everything in the game. it is good for playing for not getting bore for sometime.,0
moje igrice : grate game,1
ctiffyan : this game was fun to play... but soon (i mean waiting for new update) became boring. and anyway worth to try!,1
josiah lambert : pretty decent so far,1
jo g. : beautiful,1
deca saint : stupid controls. impossible to collect the caps in the tutorial. overall very bad game.,1
t1xfull : pretty enjoyable! at first it looks like those trashy mobile games but after a bit of playing it was pretty cool to play,1
a google user : it is better than good game but i uninstalled it because of it controls so please add steering wheel and tilt in controls,0
james carpenter : controls are slightly difficult,1
isaiah weedon : i love this game sooooo much the animation is spot on and it just makes sense,1
p. sethu aravind : it was good. the developers should tune the braking systems and add more hypercars....,1
salome nkongho : the game is good but the controls are hard,1
unnop alpha : very nice visual and very nice tough into details. very basic arcade and simple one but very fun as well,1
eli sheldon : fun game grate time killer i do think you should be able to upgrade cars but it's still a really fun game,1
tshiamo ntate : the is perfect i the graphics are clean and the controls are on fire,1
henry lopez : nice time killer. it's a fun game u can easily put away and take out again.,1
abdullah khair : not too shabby for old school styles,1
rain besin : this is the best game i ever played,1
rahul thosar : the controls take some time to get used to.. but once you get the hang of it,1
m a : game is good but it gives only one free trail after it we have to pay 2usd. you should have kept it under paid games,0
manoj jadhav : nice game but add some multiple options or any other races with us,0
gabriel castaneda : oh my car soo col i love it its a bit sus,1
dakota allan : great little casual game. easy to pick up,1
steve rushton : very interstate '76 looking with a good gameplay hook. definitely worth a download.,1
theodore mina : it's good but we need weapons for the game and it's impossible to take any good cars so improve the game,1
elvis velez : this game is great but i gove it a 4 star because when you hit a random car you explode mabye make it to were you can take more hits,1
grapefruiter 146 : i like the new zen mode its very awesome but i dont like that when you swerve around the road you car bggins to drift fix that pls in the the next update i reccomend it,0
daniel salmon : everything is great about the game no complaints but it would cool if i could play music from my library in game,1
ben van meurs : good game. good graphics. custom upgrades would be a very cool addition,1
non : got addicted to it in a matter of seconds. simplistic yet it does the charm.,1
mitchell fjn : fun and interesting game,1
subjith ts : cool.....love the artstyle.love the cars,1
ickx tan : bad controls! brakes are not working! you should made a workable brake and gas controls!,0
luis dejesus : is honestly good give it a try is not one of these pay to win,1
angel adan : app makes you immediately sign a privacy policy to begin playing. privacy policy states they allow 3rd party companies to see your personal data,1
subham lakra : nice pure simple game with great graphics just struggled at first but once you are used to it is very addictive,1
nelson correia : so far so fun. great visuals,1
ask questions : i love this game. the only thing this game needs is more locations. i know is hard work but this game definitely deserves it. keep up the good work.,1
cliff palmer,1
yusenpai rin : everythings good the graphics are great and i really like the design of the cars,1
kym-marie coghill : good game just one thing just fix the steering ok because it feels like you are drifting rather than turning but still great game,0
anthony lye : great relaxing and fun game. no requirement to pay to win everything is achievable by just playing thank you,1
pablo escamilla : this game is lit. it has a cool art design. many cars to choosen from.,1
ajay : non sense game,1
andrea yanez : it is hard but it is fun there is a lot of cars but it is hard to get them and there are place that the can get also it is really fun try it,1
alma villanueva : this update is the best because the controls are now smooth using and i will give this game 5 stars.this is one of the best car games i played.,1
lui : its a nice beautiful and such a simple game very relaxing too i love playing this game always and it has awesome graphics i reccomend this game for anybody including offline ppl i hope u guys enjoy this game aswell,1
atomic shark : everything is prefect ,1
kristjan paul de los santos : like the game. can u please test if the game is good with tilt controls and if it is can u add it.,1
graham sutton : good driving game. there isn't really anything to complain about. (it takes a real picky type to do so),1
aidan winch : a great endless driving game but since the latest update the game crashes constantly on startup.,0
sergio v. castruita : very fun game,1
michael f. : wonderful arcade style endless driver! i like it. nice and relaxing.,1
deven oscarson : fun game graphics are fun replicated cars are on point. would like to see game grow,1
jr phone : its really good,1
alem : i love minimalism,1
gurjot singh : a very classy game,1
marcus laine : the game is very hard but if you have max sensitivity it turns tighter which helps alot.,1
chl d : very well designed,1
juan espinoza : this game is obsessive i can't stop playing it. u get new cars for every level or stage u pass,1
owen perry : not bad! although i do feel like the cars should have more variety. still a good game!,1
brenden fisher : good game overall but i they could add like a mode where u could steer freely right to left,1
dylan maguire : great game...i could easly see this bieng a pc game...great work!,1
sarthak chaturvedi : game is very nice. but the car really does not stops . and end up crashing,1
rishit rishit : great graphics . best game than pubg ,1
lodewijk bergkotte : very nice game,1
sxuffed : this with some nice music honestly is very fun if only there was a racing mode it would be a 10/5,1
liam ryan : very fun,1
tyler dankenbring : graphics are really nice. good sized garage. runs almost smooth on my old s5.,1
carmine ruscitto olewinsky : the kind of game i reccomend to play when ur bored. especially if u have a love for cars.,1
a google user : good time killer. easy controls with great graphics.,1
w. brian. not important : it's a fun game to play. just started.,1
google spud : overall decent game. good mechanics like a lot of other phone driving games and it's addictive,1
south side surpent : nit shure the game is nit good,1
arnab bhadra : epic gameplay,1
kenneth brewer : the mechanics are hard to get at first but the game is very fun once you figure it out. 4/5,1
adam cozzoli : the best game ever the only thing i wish you were able to get more coins other than that everything is fun,1
stephen rose : if you like constant ads and horrible driving controls this game is for you.,0
vj theggamer : pretty good graphics,1
matthew ward : its a good game,1
steve vazquez : only played for about an hour but the game seems great! i'll give an update about the game in about a week.,1
zeich : this is a very good game the very frequent updates really keeps me hooked to the game and makes it more enjoyable to me. the controls are very good. so overall its a very good game.,1
komolafe ilerioluwa : i love the game and also it's really nice polygon graphics but later after playing it for like two days it seems boooooring and i easily get tried of it,1
dawn parsons : nice game,1
n _hito : please add more content,1
raabit hassan : the control is so horrible... and most importantly there is no tilt control in this much sofisticated game,0
takeshi nakazato : really good game,1
idk ask him : well it is amazing but i wish there was a first person the controlling of the car is amazing to,1
sijina shafi : the good game is entertainment game #drive no lag no heating problem high quality graphics the game sound exactly is enjoying gaming thanks for,1
hendrick ryan : finally found this game.really fun game as i remember!,1
sudarshan karhale : wow! impressive graphics and gameplay. you are really pixel perfect.,1
3sr4ever : this game is fun,1
king : this is an awesome game ,1
roman beysembaev : a nice game to kill some time,1
orge : love this game,1
a google user : just amazing! loved the animation,1
eric culp : lots of fun very addictive keeping control is a nice added touch makes you pick up your skills,1
shah alam khan niazi : great game. the idea is simple but they still manage to make it entertaining and addictive.,1
jdg jdg : pretty sick game tbh. however i would change the amount if caps that you are given everytime you end a drive.,1
subhadip : game is little easy... make little hard... overall game is very good... good controls.... good work....,1
serxho cara : game is really good but it needs some improvements on the characters but besides that the game is amazing!,1
sirbeanman : this game is a very fun car game,1
zek zaqwan : i really like the simple control and the kind of talkative driver.,1
nyi mas dasima : the game is great but the control is bad or maybe add a tilt control is bit better,0
saurabh sashi kumar : simple yet gripping. nice way to while away time! well done devs. love the concept.,1
you're average gamer : it's so cool it's like faily brakes but u have brakes it's so cool and the powerups nice keep up the good work,1
extreme gaming : it is very good an glamurous game.but i gave it 3 stars because this game was intresting only for 5-6 days after that anyone can bore with this game.,1
justin's gaming channel : great very time consuming and very low ads,1
jaidon l : ive had this game for like 2 minutes i think its alright. more cars referencing popular car culture would be pretty sick tho,1
opyium channel : i can't find the new car update in shop.,1
archimedio kusnadi : the graphics is the surprise! gorgeous game,1
levi brewer : awesome game. love the cars. the quotes. just an all around great game,1
hunter world : it takes our personal data,1
stephen montagne : it's a pretty quick paced game for when you've only got like an hour to kill. i've really enjoyed it so far.,1
alex cool : nice game to chill. i liked the old garage and ui more than the new one.,1
rafael apresa : nice design,1
nick schornak : noooope. less than a minute in and i'm getting an ad that i can't skip.,1
joe davis : polished but soulless,1
jovan curayag : very addicting game! loved the graphics.please add more car customizations.,1
birinchi bania : you were asking ..rate our game so to improve anything we want. am saying its a sexy game. no need of improving anything. its at optimum level. love it.,1
even joy sa-onoy : this game!!! ... is good there are many cars to buy and tha graphics is good too!!,1
alpha : why dont u add a control mode... in which the car can be controlled by titling the phone.,0
trey knox : will not load,1
wyatt mahoney : ok the game could use more modes and areas,1
hch proxim1n3 : everything about the game is amazing!the graphics,1
mac laurent : the game is good and has nice controls and cars too,1
angel lopez : one of the best car games its bacicly subway sufers but with cars and there is diffrint maps so i hope who ever reads this enjoys the game as much as i did,1
loko boco : amazing and underrated game. it's an interesting gameplay and a really cool style.,1
robert currie : brakes added is a nice touch and quickly...but makes it a bit harder to control,0
omnipotato : noice game,1
akhil m : amazing game but i lost my progress when i made the shift to a new phone.,1
fraser clark : hello it is a very good and can you please add like a multiplayer mode like racing and stuff like that,1
ishwar singh : million times better than nfs and other games,1
josuah m : optional rewarded commercials seems better than forced. you've made a good game.,1
alphanimates : very enjoyable,1
elliot went : used to play this game and loved it then went to reinstall it on the same phone and it won't open just kicks me out each time,1
f1021 muhammad firdaus : its really nice ,1
miguel renzo aquino : its great game,1
saurabh joshi : horrible bugs sound is totally messed up. worst experience ever.,0
abdullah faisal : a really good game. just need to optimize it for low end devices.,1
michael snyder : simply,1
a living poop : 1.nice graphics=b- 2.songs=c- 3.tutorial=b+ 4.things the guy says(is not a lot they say but they do it often )=c- 5.game as a whole=b 6.cars=a+ good game,0
tobin smith : i love the simplicity of this game,1
athul p .a : its a good game. the stunning visuals,1
taylor luker : its a bit touchy on smart phones,1
val vainheart : good game beautiful graphics and lots of cars ,1
jiaqir : very nice game! i love the driving experience.,1
mk achu : it has good graphics and its so smooth to play and the maps ,1
capella : i acknowledge the good voice acting and overall gameplay,1
pavan vangury : it was really great game that i count among the few racing games that are actually fun to play must try game,1
big hat man : pretty cool glad i downloaded it ummm nice graphics and all but what if there where jumps sometimes on the side walks or fit them in some where like down hill death race on beamng,0
nik : great game! will there be further updates and new cars,1
davissrenks : please remove other cars from zen mode. there is a lot of clipping through fences in the japan map,1
aerial17ace : i like the graphics and stuff,1
bramasta hartono : please optimize the damage,1
jody fauziansyah : nice. but the bad thing after crash and watch ads to respawn,0
sinister 9900 : this is great and i love it.but there's a problem when i choose the car white mark on the tire it stop moving.,1
sam b-b : this game is really quite refreshing,1
michael mashava : yeah,1
fatin fardaous : good game. thouh reducing car prize would be helpfull. but good for time passing.,1
nafees hussain : a little difficult to get hang of the controls but fun once you do,1
mahdi izadpoor : great game android,1
m a : awesome,1
kevin michael : the controls are bad and need fixing,0
kylan sulley : ok this game is actually pretty fun but it does take a few tries to get used to the game i only got it yesterday so i cant say it's 10/10 but it is fun and i'd recommend giving it a try,1
tommy vercetti : i love everything about this game,1
terry helmer : good time killer. i would appreciate a way to spend postcards aside from levels though!,1
flotaku 13 : like this game a lot just wish the practice area was bigger or more interesting maybe add sections from other maps,1
king djs : amazing graphics good control overall maps location is so good.,1
hunter locke : its fun,1
omri perez : rally good game i was changing a bit the mechanics of the drifting and making a drift car section and map with more turns and u turn,1
olga rain : very cool designed,1
gowtham t : it's a very good game.. nice relaxing game but i hope they add mission skipping option in it,1
v.rithvik shanyu : it was nice at the first sight ,1
arka hazra : this game has been a great time killer. love the artstyle and the simple mechanics. enjoying playing it,1
wamalwa larry : i love the graphics there nice but the game freezes some times and i crash out of nowhere,1
kangabird : fun and offers a great challenge but doesn't make it ridiculously hard.,1
nichole mendoza : it's an awesome game i'll give 5 stars because it has sick gameplay boss graphics and sick car designs!!,1
abdeel garcia : this game is fun and quick. it is a good time passer if you just want to have some fun and not to try hard on a game.,1
oscar castillo : cool,1
maninder singh : good game. good controls. nice graphics. adventures.,1
biber c. : it's just a really nice and cool designed game,1
lin android : this is really amazing.and we are getting frequent updates from the devs with more cars and locations...,1
ernest potter : decent gameplay. performs well and fum enough to play for several runs at a time.,1
pedram hamedi : thus game is so much fun and i recommend it,1
sultan mukhamadeev : stupid ads. i know you want money but these unskippable in-your-face ads are solely the thing that made me uninstall this game,0
agent ak47 : super nice looking car driving simulator,1
sean saunders : good game but virtually unplayable with constant ads,1
juan leon : amazing game i love everything in this game the graphics are really good and the cars look really nice,1
gian-luca nardini : kinda reminds me of project cars 3 . no but seriously this is a good game,1
adhyadmoko abiyoga supriyoko : graphic are best (for my own taste),1
volokin project : good only for killing time. make possible to adjust view angle.,0
chris forget : great game all around awesome,1
swaraj padar : the game contains outstanding graphics which we cannot see in pc games also.,1
blueastro 76 : it's a good racing game when your bored and provides tons of cars in different classes,1
maxwelpet : very fun. simple controls. easy to play,1
quickchuckle : all i am gonna say is that the game is quite fun ,1
starfox 200610 : some of it can be a bit annoying with the scoop bc all u have is that little red light to tell ya when ya gonna lose it,0
marcus davis : steering is awkward and it is hard to drive with any precision.,1
jamison thornton : seems cool. controls are a little rough but still fun to play.,1
bruhk obama : really good and fun game. although i wish it saved my progress from my old phone (which is weird since it saved my acheivments),1
upul u s automobile pvt ltd : i love it! i like the car stats,1
vijay saketh : everything is awesome... loved it but the photo mode is buggy. crashes when taken,1
pulkit jain : the controls just dont really work,0
salini krishnan : nice game,1
matthew martinez : actually a great game. hard to come by. great car selection,1
will gaming05 : fun game,1
kris eddie : grand experience... good for passing time,1
lav banjac : it is sooo dum i cant pass the instructions the car is fast i cant control him and the game is laggy and my car is non stop drifting and breaking in to houses,1
luca gutierrez : lots of fun. the only thing i would like to be added is the option to control your car by tilting your phone.,0
elmuiz sirajuddin : would be way better if the gameplay was more fluid as it helps with controls,1
zahid akon : great but i wish you discrease the amonts of money needeed to buy other cars and buying the coolness which costs 2000 !!!!,1
ben mercier : cool game,1
abel ninan : very aesthetic and pleasing game to play to pass some free time.,1
jp h. : forced ads at the end of each game. the art looks nice.,1
rad oh crash : this game is lit the inly downfall is that its hard to get coins and when you hit something with your car it does not scrach it,1
vansh varma : the game is awesome but if the can just cheap the price of all the car then it is more better,1
lawrence w : just challenging enough to make it fun without being frustrating.,1
prince royce : the game overall good but it's only 20 levels i finish game in 1 week that's only disappointed me !!!,1
joni ikalainen : it's darn good looking and i love to support indie names but the gameplay isn't for me.,1
magnum360 : i have been looking for a driving game that goes on forever because a lot of them i can't find this is a dream game and thank you for making this it's a really good so that's what i'm going at 5 stars,1
willie fisterbottom : you're really going to put a "watch this ad for x" within the first 20 seconds of the game. no thank you.,1
gamerworld929 : awesome game i like the graphics and everything in the game this is really awesome i can't believe this game is on play store and it is free no money payment for download i really appreciate it thanks for being this game to live,1
sim p : it a super fun thrill of a game just the whole game is awesome but it would be cool if you could reverse,1
mike mondays : love the graphics is a bit slow at the start but isnt that all bad of a game.,0
sean jones : good to past time,1
easytrickboss : fantastic grafics and fantastic control ,0
zarar raza : a very interesting experience and the graphics are also outstanding.,1
ayrton briceno : amazing racing game,1
falah mahdi : it's really cool game ,1
air ben : super drifty and hard to control but i keep coming back for more!,0
b walrus : looks great,1
sam g.olave : gameplay is good,1
tijmen van der heijden : simple but fun,1
hillel maor : really fun. kinda of retro mix of gta and subway surfers combined. love it.,1
michael grant : pretty good experience,1
krisjon apeta : great game,1
indian couch potato : total time pass. i really enjoyed it. nice game you guys made.. keep it up!,1
joel marsh : great game the only thing they could make better is the physics of the car on the road,0
xd35p153x : fun game to kill time. lots of quirky cars to choose and level up.,1
hajja samyr : the egsausts don't come out unless you get damage,1
flowlst yt : excelent game. but your just lonely in the game,1
qudsia noor : blends high speed car chase with elements of endless runner. liked the concept.,1
tahmid ahmed : this game is a great fun! love to drive & background music is also nice! loved it,1
akash : awesome game for driving game's lover. but controls should be more stable.,1
razor 8j : really bad controls sluggish game play.. definitely has potential but so sluggish and slow to react,0
sumit kumar : drive,1
e g : wonderful game. frustrating with controls,1
acaii rose : pretty fun while it lasted ,1
lu ci : they're making driving unnecessarily harder. i guess that's supposedly the challenge.,1
kyzer showze : if i could give this game zero stars or negative stars i would. clearly deceiving game,1
connor smith : it's a fun game but maybe try and put something in where we can add decals,1
gustaf wijkstrom : very entertaining and tricky. very fun to play in the car or on a airplane ect.,1
wagner lamb wylot : note 1,1
amangas cloud dustin dan : i like this game because it has all my favorite cars and some 80s to 90s cars that i love.,1
haneefa th : good grapics good control if you make a game which we can transforn our car to bike,1
aussie001 : amazing so first im playing on a oppo a3s this game was just smooth it is also super fun and then there is the gas which goes out fast but overall a great game,1
mpho maroga : this game is the best if you guys think it has glitches well it doesn't ok love you and i love #drive awesome name and cool soundtrack,1
john doe : nice game i really enjoyed this car game. i would just want to just want to comment on tge steering though,1
eboy yobe : great aesthetic. easy controls... what a great stress reliever,1
shadowmare174 : this game is amazing good cars off road and on road experience 5 out of 5 stars perfect i recommend it,1
anthony ptak : i'm sure it's great but it crashed my phone on the first tutorial and i don't have any patience.,0
musebang : this game has an awesome concept and is very well made. 10/10 would play again :),1
lucky : sensitivity too high even if i set the in game sensitivity to zero. and no gyroscope.,1
daniell dino : stylish game. graphics is good and physics is realistic... highly recommended,1
yourboy kco : yow add some npc racers where we'd pull up beside em and start a race to the next point in the mix would make the run more interesting i'd give 5 starts ngl game is good so far lol wait give closer cam view too that would be more intense too,1
stanzin tharpa : if this game had a tilt control feature that might be interesting and bit easy ..,1
humza sulaiman : controls were little bit different but took time for getting used to it. nice game,1
aneeqa arshad : very very good and plz add some more and add multiplayer with friend and i like this journey...mmm nice game i like it,1
moghal saif : smooth ,1
eduards niks olbiks : pretty epic if you ask me,1
4 life : good. comfortable to play,1
make life beautiful : graphics good but controller is bad whn we goes to control that car that slips tooo much and some time gas station way not clear,0
sharad raj : fun so far,1
alan george : wonderfull game keep it up. we want one adventure open world game with this graphics pixel perfect dudes.,1
daniel garcia : it's a really fun game. many types of modes. this is my first review ever and i feel it was needed. i definitely recommend,1
blockityblock007 : great driving game,1
trxikeddathz : it's great love the game it's just the challenges other that that keep up the good work,1
henkhohao singson boikho : it is a good game but it will be more fun if they update by movements and brake with one touch,1
top mysteries : braking feature is added,1
steam munker : the drift is good kinda hard to control doesn't have ads every time you crash,0
kent koenig : pretty fun game,1
ijust ride : very fun and challangeing to play and avoid oncoming cars and the gas stops and all the other things needs more cars tho,1
dave big e : i really like the old main menu back! the new is annoying! big dislike.,1
filip sedlak : easy to understand,1
jeb blep : noice game even played it on my friends phone multiple times. 10/10 would drift one this game again.,1
brandon borrelli : fun and innovative,1
grinch liam : this game is very fun and addicting but the only thing that is not that fun is if there was a storyline and events,1
yashraj dam : great ,1
unrightful era : good graphics okay controls once you get the hang of it !!,1
latheef : i have played and uninstall this game,1
roblox tobi : i like the simplicity of the game and how few ads there are it makes the game feel better,1
xavier t : this game is very enjoyable with so many cars and maps. very cool game.,1
thanveer thasleem : game is addictive but too much ads ,1
richard burge : i'm not big on endless runners,1
brian muthua : this game is so awesome,1
pierre couffon : i don't mind ads but wow.... ads...,0
joseph spalding : i love this game but i feel it could use more maps still i could play for hours.,1
michael argo : stumped with the "trick the police" daily challenge. i've tried the doughnuts and driving a police car. neither worked. any ideas or tips?,1
david lingerfelt : ads are disruptive but the game is fun,1
joel montinard : great overall but it would be need to make drifting easier to use while driving,1
arni pinill : love this game. beautiful smooth graphics and an easy to learn layout,1
abhinav vjyn : am really impressed.... the fluidity and smoothness of this game make me addict....i really appreciate this developer... i'm waiting for your another app uploads...,1
josh lewis-sandy : very fun with a lot of content. ads are not excessively intrusive.,1
dinesh kumar murugan : the controls were difficult but the overall game looked very cool.,1
abe's builds : this game is really fun and i think the only thing you should change about this game is nothing. this is one of my favorite games ever.,1
logan paul : very fun wish there were more camera angles but all in all lots of cars and very fun gameplay,1
jon fernandes : decent. love the graphic style. game play is a bit meh.,1
kyles lifestyle : best game but the problem is that cars are very expensive in the game but overall good game well done guys,1
margarito s : #drive is a very great game because when i do the challenges there very easy.,1
a google user : its a very nice game .awsome controls and it is very easy to unlock other vehicles,1
dueto malaguti peres : challenging,1
debarup sen : overall,1
dhruv koyan : high grafix,1
patrick c. : apparently forcing you to watch an ad after you specifically decline to watch one for a benefit anyways gets you a 4.5+ rating these days... sad.,0
aatrox twist : different concept. smooth car mechanics. overall nice game.,1
3ric blu3 : this is pretty fun and relaxing. it's also tense at the same time if that makes any sense,1
thedeanryder 1 : good game but its hard without the zen mode but it really gives you the feeling of the 70s thank you,1
jason spengler : fun game with good visuals. regular updates that make the game better!,1
colin zaleha94 : i love this game!!! i can play all day! i can't find a good app.....other games are online and this one is good beacause it's offline,1
beauty plus : it's boring to travel on a same road .add some feature so we can drive on many road...,0
al mohammed yaseen siddick : really good game for time pass and to play while you are bored,1
fawxa 67 : didn't experience gameply due to not wanting to share my data. privacy policy is very,1
kh l : too difficult to drive...kills all the joy of the game as i keep crashing.,1
priyanshu gupta : graphics are very smooth and good. and apps interface is nice,1
itu baloyi : this game is fun but the reason i'm not giving 5 star is because there are not many maps please put more maps,1
nishant verma : #drift #love.... lovely graphics... simple control... offline.... 3d... endless engaging game... to be played to get them all...,1
jaime arredondo : incredble game i love it! so many levels,1
bobbyjeff supreme lord of crazy : there's not much else i can say except for that it's fun. it's definitely a game that you could sink a lot of hours into.,1
patrick teetsel : simple,1
joshua espinoza : one of the best car games i've ever played hands down no problems or bugs nice little game 5 stars,1
kish shan : i love this gams thx and its so cool.,1
antawyne williams : the game is great n all but the controls are a bit weird but besides that's its a good game i ensure u it's a good game,1
jmk amal : awesome game nothing to say but my one suggestion is not to blow the car in the first hit plz make it twice or thrice thanks,1
yash vadaria : its not working on android version 10. please give the new update so we can play btw great casual game.,1
abhayjit singh : always like a game that's easy to play hard to master. you just want to play more and more.,1
roger martinez : it's just so easy to play and it's fun in many ways and the graphics are unique,1
harlem toliver : pretty fun overall,1
milan's sketching legacy : i completed all 20 levels ,1
lulu lamon : really fun game.i love it everytime i get cop follwing me all i have to do is drift so that they get lost and i also love the commentary,1
nathan ruiz : used to play this when it came out. decided to redownload it. nothing but props to the updated version. nice,1
brick sanchez : absolutely awesome game add more vehicles,1
space man : it's just ok. you unlock content too slowly to stay interested.,1
bryan billerbrck : it is fun and definitely keeps you wanting to strive to drive.,1
ramon buenaflor : best game to come in the play store! i've downloaded it when it still had 1k downloads. 1million is such a milestone!,1
sir ron : i like it but needs more views,1
theoldguard 320 : yeas it's very fun very good for people who aren't obsessed with cars because you dont have to drift,1
dio xantzo : great game! awesome graphics and really good controls! really addictive!,1
rishi vishnu : superb graphics ,1
jake : my problem is just the grip of the tires. man,1
jack vick : i like the realism about this car game. yet it still can have a cartoonish look!,1
raghav sharma : it is very good and the tracks are always random never seen a car game like this,1
anthony may : a little ad heavy but fun experience here at the beginning. has potential!,1
huzaifa kamran : it's really fun when you're going on a road trip and there's no internet,1
pancake327 : this game is amazing but i want a mode where all the cars are actively trying to hit you,1
jayendra bharti : good game. can improve the controls. addictive game though.,1
sandesh jayawickrema : really love how the game looks. it's pretty unique than the other car games i have played. all i can say is that this is a really great game and i hope to see more games from this company.,1
ethan m : honestly,1
fynn _north : this game is fire,1
laxmidhara behera : though it is a very nice game. best game for time pass. keep inventing games like this.,1
rashmi ranjan mohanty : it is a very best and endless driving game. through this game we can enjoy very much.,1
natasha : i love this game,1
machir robinson : great game for those who are alright getting frustrated,1
muhammed abrar : outstanding game with lot of gorgeous maps.loved playing this game,1
a google user : it's a simple but really good piece of game. simply cool & really enjoying this game. love it.,1
hp playz : fun little game easy controls and cool cars and retro style graphics,1
mohammad fazel haddadiannezhad : good game good graphics but it is boring after some minutes.just pay and play method.uninstalled that.,0
john allen urgelles : great game plus it is offline!! you can play anytime anywhere.. trust me its great.. :),1
mir bashir : it's a cool game,1
chris jackson : games user friendly and stylish... just started so... but it seems repetitive...,1
reaperdomain27 : it is amazing its easy and keeps my busy when i'm bored or the wifi isnt workint its great i highly recommend,1
daz delli : great game,1
awemelette : not like the other car games fun and simple,1
michael fernandes : a very fun and amazing game. made me a bit mad at first but after a few days it really is fun! i really recommend it.,1
lokman mahmood : best racing game ever! i wish the game will have more maps coming soon.,1
car guy 50 : great app add the 1990 ford foxbody coupe and bluetooth controller support i can run the game it keeps crashing add the 1997 chevrolet silverado c1500 gmt400,1
shonnie hartz : very good game. its a good time waster and has a very pretty art style.,1
roma : graphics and digital design are amazing! well done.,1
sagaar dutt : it's a awesome.. game for offline.. personally i enjoyed.. perfect games.. plz add some location.. thanks you,1
tim armer : good fun. kind of relaxing sometimes. unlock all the cars!,1
chris ayers : amazing game fun just wish it was a little easier to earn caps maybe add more in a row,1
wendy hullmann : it's good for when your bored and just want to play a game for 10 to 15 minutes cause you have a dentist appointment in 20 minutes.,0
gtr nine : i can say this is very nice game here its also enjoyable for a small size i wish u guys add camera mode so the look will more detail,1
sarthak bakare : it doesn't opens in samsung s duos 2. game looks good but can't download it.fix it and i will give 5 stars,1
mohamadreza osanlou : its a nice game but if developers optimized the game to fit the entire display that would be nice,1
ayxeeyann : i have two problems: 1. the game consumes battery 2. bad controls. (pls fix it),0
rohit yadav : could make the tracks a bit easily available.... i'd have rated 5 stars ......tracks are impossible to unlock,1
takis mer : amazimg job on this game! you should definitely add more cars amd more futuristic ones!,1
jesse : man this would be a really fun endurance game if the steering didn't just randomly stop functioning,1
philippe stylianidis : it's the best driving game i ever played! plus there is great graphics!,1
jason appleton : all round a pretty good game and easy to get used to the controls,1
zeke rios : nice drive,1
junkwolf : it's a great game but it's takes way to long for buying cars and upgrade,1
peace osarobo : the control botton is veey difficult... auto sensitive would have been better....,0
not a pro : i like the game it has great graphics and good controls i rate it 4 stars because we need more vehicles,0
alan wright : great game cant stop playing loving the new cars and brakes and chance to continue by watching ad,1
pios vlog_yt : the game is awesome and the quality is the best i like the cars and every thing thank you for creating these game,1
mohammed kadir : controls are odd. how do you drift with the default controls?,0
anthony zolalian : great and relaxing game,1
michael merk : it's okay if you manage to go 90 left it locks up the controls for me.,0
nando dias : to be really good,1
gamer kitty10 : graphics as good as new awesome it's like i'm actually driving a real car like all the drifts,1
1 0 1 : this is awesome game. i like this graphics and so funny. please make a simulation game like this graphics.,1
gam3r girlz : would rate it higher if coins were easier to come by,1
jonesy 1 : only played it 5mins,1
braveclan cloudy squad firelegend squad : its more fun and nice graphic and how far you wil go and bunch of thing there is a awesome car pls give a sport car and can u bigger a station like a donut big a road just a bit and pls make a first person view #driveforever,1
saswat pradhan : good game for the experienced,1
ivan mendenhall : nothing but ad ad ad.... cool game,1
artbord of komanga : super & awesome game... this game is very funny... but,1
aiden belnap : add free mode. great game and you should add a map where there is a wide freeway,1
joao rodrigues : funny game.. wasnt expecting this kind of enjoyment. reminds me of burnout series... for some reason.,1
syahmi firdaus : i love the graphics but i dislike the game play. i hope they just race and not to find oil and find anothers thing like donut and repair part.,0
harsukh kaneriya : this game is so interesting and there are so emotional graphics... thank you.. wish you make new games best of luck and i am support you....,1
samuel halinen : it's quite grindy and lacks some gameplay,1
a m a n - s h e i k h : good game but very simple concept first you play game your experience is enjoyable but some time latter is boring,1
zee vee : clean,1
ben dd : fun and addictive,1
clemens h : it's good fun,1
david ramsay : i really like this game. the graphics are amazing for the storage it holds.,1
serhii drobuzhev : this game needs some better navigation in car menu. it's painful to scroll through all the time,1
drultaria : the controls are awkward but i like the cartoony style and i think its good,1
d d : its a really good game love the cool parts that get attached to the cars great graphics,1
chinoph kumar sabar : addictive and thrilling. this game has a lot of space for improvements.,1
b tr0n : pretty good. adds not oppressive. kind of repetitive gameplay.,1
scary ninja : you have to be a great controller to control the cars....overall amazing games,1
youtube jones energy inc : too hard to navigate the steering of the vehicle. sorry but i'm a great driver in real life.,1
tony aazam : would've have it a 5 stars bit it lags a little and the ads are really annoying sometimes,0
eric : good game. fun to play but i encountered a bug that made me unable to start the app,1
italiankid53 : fun to pass the time,1
roman samudra : cool game,1
jbawsome 900 : this game has really good game control and is really addictive i could play it for hours if my phone battery latested,1
pam morris : good game but wish the controls were a little better or have different control settings,1
hisham mudathir : awesome game with really fantastic graphics! would ask for more games like these.,1
luis hdz. : never heard of this game but i downloaded it from tap tap and it's definitely a great addicting game. challenging and beautiful.,1
enio : i like the game and the smooth control easy to use and a good time killer,1
khatija khallil : it was a beautiful game with smooth graphics and it has magnificent cars ultra roads its nice,1
stuart archer : game is fun overall,1
tayyib usman : beautifully simple game. throw doughnuts. repair your car. refuel often. most importantly,1
still chill : i feel like the stations spawn depending on the condtion of your car! great game,1
charlie chapman : 30 second ads? i'd rather pay for a good app. there's no way i'm keeping this one.,1
dopinder taxi : really fun game it's just maybe the test zone could be a lot bigger like making a town that you can freedrive in in,1
henrikas labanauskas : nice game but after while stuck on max your coolness. can't play - uninstalling.,1
irwan nugroho : love the graphic style and naration. control a bit tricky,1
mr mega man : very fun i like to play it all the time it passes alot of time when you are bored,1
kima lkr : good game good graphics but please add more cars like lambourgini,1
max reno : pretty good game. handling could be a bit less floaty though.,1
master gamer : it is a good game i loved it but i always loose and when i get alot of money it doesnt show me any money at all,1
jeffrey fajardo : i really love driving games in general. this game is a must have. keep up the updates!,1
muhammad jamal : addictive. need time to learn about control especially car speed.,1
ragab shafei : it's really fun especially when you have a lot of time to pass. i love the game and i'm definitely recommending to friends,1
fred wright : the game is very cool the graphics are so good and works very smoothly,1
dulani wickramaratne : very enjoyable car game graphics are good and controls are good very simple to play good job devs,1
tsebeni brian : the gameplay and graphics are awesome but i wish you could add tilt controls,0
noe : its good for casual gaming. really love the concept of the game. great time killer,1
soumitra ghate : nice graphics ,1
sebastian slates : i love the way the controls but still can be a little be weird to get used to,0
brijesh poojary : pretty nice game..environment is superb inside as well as graphics.go for it and try for yourself,1
backwood shawty : why free games more addicting then the wifi compatible . s add some explosions . maybe a helicopter.,1
ante kovacic : best driving game ever. it has that smooth felling when you turn on corners.,1
daniel tauber : its honestly a fun game with above average graphics for a free game and the adds aren't to bad,1
duane voll : really fun. collect coins,1
ilianeube : great concept... would have been wayy better if there are more stages / places.,1
jack irvine : i really like it the graphics are really good but i wish that there were kinda more game modes,1
bhavan solanki : this game is awesome/dope because i love escaping and in this game we have to escape from police but i don't like one think of this game,1
coco cosmic : its so cute and the controls are crazy!im just starting i wish i can upgrade more my minis hihi,1
ashif ashi : good game,1
abid rizhan : this is too good and we need more features in this game and add some new areas.thank you,1
christian ramirez : graphics are clean and gameplay is very easy.,1
seif ahmed : i really like the graphics and the controls are super simple .,1
kamikaze : i'm enjoying the game you'll never get bored.... but the controls are bit hard,1
dallas texas : this is a great game love the graphics there's only one problem there are no 2020 cars,1
zachary norman : fun quick plays,1
diffa fadhil : relaxing fun game,1
amir ardalan : this is awesome fantastic graphic,1
felipe cruz : good game,1
daniel south : it's a good game clear easy to learn instructions and around very happy to be honest,1
jessie gilmour : loving it. it has us,1
joshua falcon : one of the best! driving type games mixed with abit of action love it.,1
milizah medina : i like it it's nice and calm from all the high speed chases from adrenaline while playing this game,1
potato seed : i heckin love this game,1
alex reid : great graphics for a mobile game barely takes up any space runs smooth and you can play offline great game altogether never gets boring great game design and is just a great game if your phone doesn't have alot of space,0
zachery adams : i love the concept of the game. it's just really hard and hard to progress,1
ancient bb : the first mobile game ive found that isn't out there for your money. great gameplay too.,1
black thunder gaming : overall game performance and controlling is goog but you have to improve car look and menu looks,1
a google user : even if im still stuck at level 1 it could get any better but...best car game....i love it...,1
suresh k : game was good but i hate adds without your permission adds will play in the middle of the game i hate this type of add playing games,0
lucky monk : everything is perfect in this game. still,1
johan van staden : love the styling. might consider buying ad-free version.,1
furry fox : it's nice the graphics are awesome can u add a free roam mode in the maps?,1
alec lui : i liked the game,1
ali eldin : it could be more awesome if there were levels of difficulty,1
roberto munoz : its very good game ive been having a lot of fun with it just want to sugjest adding a few more jdm cars,1
robert : very easy game to play. great for children. @champarich on instagram,1
josh tripp : i like it it is simple fun and both thrilling and relaxing at the same time,1
adriakko artisto : i have my reasons. thus,1
derian lagunes : i'm trying to find this app it's kind of hard to find because of the name and it almost doesn't sound like that would be the name but it's a pretty good game,1
tony brown : love the game but the control of the car is not smooth and the braking is not forgiving,1
ty eezlee : cool game,1
jacob wright : overall fun and challenging. covers my need to kill time.,1
xave tesfaye : very good and simple game love to play it good graphics and the voice which keeos us entertained,1
haikal hakimi : good game. i like the design and graphic. i hope you can make more game like this.,1
kshitij bachhav : it is a good game.controls need to be more smooth and commentary should be increased.i like the commentary.,1
alexis nicole fastidio : this is a wonderful game and this game makes me feel better when i'm in a bad mood . this game is just perfect for everyone who have a bad mood like......me,1
asfak mohamed : thanks for giving a very good car game and beautiful scenery with awesome graphics,1
shiloh townsend : this game is so fun! i love this game so much,1
ayandeep chakrabarty : superb,1
redwan kabir : the graphical details were good but it just didn't get my attention for to long.,0
aniket deb : it's very difficult but graphics is nice and vintage drive can be feelled,1
zonic 5 : awesome game with graphic and design. easy to earn cash.,1
yadesh mohandas : quite a good game graphics give a retro vibe to it keep it up.,1
anirudh s : really nice game. it is easy to play and no ads. wonderful job devs,1
vikky irawan : it's fun,1
barry molloy : nice graphics but controls are sluggish. deleted.,1
savanth : awesome.... the camera view can be changed,1
lorna turner : great game,1
xxdarkphantomxx : great game,1
jaydon m : this game might be good but unfortunately i keep getting sent to the homescreen before i can even start the tutorial.,1
ratrodology major : very good,1
soma pachert : looks good but the gameplay is just bad,1
slayer rocker179 : very good,1
gifford scott : it's very addictive,1
daniel nartic : i love this game! the controls can be a bit touchy at times but other than that,1
hawk 411 : really smooth driving experience with some satisfying rewards.,1
jonty whiley : love the game but controls feel loose and a tad delayed in response.,1
theapex racer : why is not the top selling game? probably the perfect game to have on your phone. take the paid version and spend hours. #addictive,1
grassmuncher : the game is completely awesome no errors or bugs you did an amazing job doing this game,1
raviv rowan helal : it was really fun! though i got to admit the controls are a lot to get used to.,1
ben kemp : very good game,1
alien q : i deleted just now,1
thefoolofsevens 7 : good arcade style game. i love it to death hope a they make a two!,1
ryan penalosa : its a pretty good game i played before. i drifted and bought cars and use japan maps! cool game! 15/10,1
monobiteme : its really a cool game,1
hafidh abrar : the control could be improved but overall still and enjoyable experience,1
dimitar kitanovsk : nice concept but i would like to tune the cars and add new stuff,1
kenyon mcgowan : it's a good old-school arcade style game,1
hah goteem : amazing,1
hep cat : 30 seconds of playing to realize i waste 70m of data. and no you won't be snooping around my phone,0
bear brand juice : its great but an 80+ mb update for just one car is not great i hope there was a new map,0
surya kanti ghosh : love those vintage cars and sceneries . i have owned the coyote and its fun to have a ride .,1
warriorninja_true : was quite a good game. but with recent updates my phone can't run it smoothly.,1
distraksi : cool graphic style,1
orb enforcer : probably the best game i've ever played.really good just the learners park should be bigger with big cars.,1
zach l : pretty fun arcade style game. havent had any trouble with ads yet,1
aditya attri : nyc game but maintainence of car is not so good and experience of game is little bit good but i love the game.,1
yatharth agarwal : excellent game,1
jake netherton : very fun the controls are a bit hard but very easy to learn,1
danny h. : very fun and easy to play. could be better if turning was more fine tuned,1
joshua andraos : great game love all the cars and the controls are very easy,1
suhail khilji : very versatile driving game,1
honda gts : you need do drift more freely like switching angles of your drift but its verry good adictive and need to improve,1
pranav parmar : i played and satisfied. cool graphics with epic controling.totally get goosebumps.,1
mitesh purohit : this game is cool but we need motion sensors for this ? better then screen touch button for takeing left right,1
dedi darmanto : good game,1
saad champ : the art is nice and every thig but the controls are way to sensitive,0
odueke zainab : great game graphics is beautiful,1
arjun singh : excellent game with cute graphics. also add police chase mode.,1
aniket vitalkar : its fun realistic game i ever had and the best thing is the quality and add some location,1
dibyajyoti mehera : currently one of my favourites. innovative thinking. simple but engaging. i like it a lot.,1
dat boi : awesome game. really fun. the infinite riding is really unique.,1
mike l. : fun game. hard to control at first but with a few upgrades it gets better.,1
devon herr : kind fun .... the controls could be a little more responsive,1
keks eule : very fun and relaxing. even better now that i found out how to turn off the commentary.,1
critcheese 14 : great game. the mechanic is fun but the brake is hard to use.,1
andrew chaleko : this game is boring and expects u to grind like any another mobile game. but the art and ui graphics is beautiful,1
steven cyphers : over all this game is with a wide collection of cars many terrain this makes me want to drive!,1
mrshifty : best driving game i've ever played ,1
joel raju : great game. great art style. games like these are becoming hard to find,1
vreyza ch : great casual game,1
h clark : although he has a limited vocabulary,1
rajivranjan singh : i liked the graphica and music of the game. gameplay wise its fantastic. a great game,1
aiden burrell : feels smooth,1
a google user : really its a good game i have given it 4 stars because of controlls its some tough and hard but over all its good ..thanku for the game,1
saman sobhan : greattt,1
kor brooks : good game. quality graphics with an original arcade feel.,1
mknuggets02 : the game is good when you are bored. just fix the driving handling,0
keith jordan : pretty cool it takes a long az timw to get money and post cards but its okay for the most part,0
jake chris : fun timekiller with cutesy graphics and real-inspired cars.,1
silver5051 : so far it's a fun game. i'm. happy no complaint i've found yet. it's a good game for a quick break at work.,1
josuha kimpton : love the game although i feel like you could make it slightly better by making a first person mode,1
skydiggitydive : very fun,1
theodore thoumbley : the best game i ever sea its super cool i like it the coolest thing about this game is you can play it with controller,1
epica_destroyer : i'm enjoying this quite a bit. nice game,1
denary cloud4024 : the game is so fun but they must make a easy mod and hard mod but the is fun so i am going to gave the game four stars,1
2. elizabeth : got amazed by it. not linear,1
rohith p murthy : it is a great game for playing classic cars of the glorious 70's and 80's,1
somayeh sadat hashemi : its a really nice game. nice graghic.nice game play. nice cars and customs and good costs,1
keith madmod : luv it wish their was an option for shorter tracks and few landmark places with cars to match,1
lawal aboubakar : when navigating the cars in the garage anything you touch ,1
mohanapriya mohan : wow...what an graphic .several type of cars... really entertaining.please download it.,1
eljay young : very fun realistic controls just the right amount of easy and difficult,1
stickybro fail9777 : this game is totally awsome the controls and graphics are good too.,1
j mangra : it is the best game i have seen ever. it's a fun game,1
likhith manjunath : the game runs so smooth like the graphics,1
rio balmonte : great game overall. looking forward for more cars and more maps. looking forward for more in this game,1
delande j : this game is great the controls are bad at first but you can get used to it.,1
payback pudding : this game is great and really addicting and i wish there where more car games which had the ecto 1 in and/or the delorean.,1
kiran h : nice game literally this is my last game in play store l tried everything in covid time and this is a good game it has cool graphics and offline,1
derrick babb : so far it's pretty fun and challenging. i haven't played very much but as i said so far it's pretty fun!!!,1
cory daniels : simple and fun,1
kama,1
sheena ranjit : the only thing to worry about the controls it's very hard but hey ! it's a matter of getting used to it,0
yahya semlali : good game but it's gonna be more good if they removed limited break and reduce car damages,1
nic nabbs-bella : great game had lots of fun buying cars and driving them and drifting in free play,1
leon mcauley : it's so much fun to play! i'd recommend it to anyone who likes an exciting but sometimes challenging game to play,1
alex moldovan : wow,1
abdullah famous : ammazing graphics ,1
zameer isaacs : really good controls and the gtaphics are amzing . one of the best mobil car gams i've played,1
kevin aguayo : good game,1
kent dayola : great game good graphics but the problem is the controls.,0
yaser hussain : an amazing game,1
sarcastic p j : the most coolest car driving game with amazing and beautiful graphics..,1
yuri wang : pretty good driving game,1
shantanu bhattacharjee : goid game fir passing time . but the controls could be improved a bit more,1
josh parkinson : the graphics are great and feels really nice to steer,1
moonie 421 : amazing game,1
iswariya lakshmi s : this game is my favorite game . i love that donuts and cars. good graphics i love this game so much.,1
squid oodily : awesome cute little driving game with not too many adds and so many unlocks to get!,0
thehumanbean : it's a fun addicting game but. i think there's too many ads,1
kyle burant : great game for when i need to kill time it's fun and challenging,1
subina's craft : a game that tells you over speed kills.an entertaining game.love it.so many classic cars to drive.,1
dylan kreutzer : fun but pretty hard to control. it's challenging.,1
red_demon_666 _ : it's one hell of a joyride i love the graphics and the design of the cars,1
chuppie : not many ads and it's a nice game to play while chilling.,1
yri ivanov : good jobthe turning angle can be tuned a little though. overall decent game.,1
thyspacecat : good but i had a few issues with the game crashing but that problems fixed,0
xtz gaming : this is a great game its completely offline and we can play anywhere we want.the graphics is cool and many cars which we can buy with small amount of money,1
swapnil pandey : the game is really enjoyable and immersive,1
albert n.s.w : it's so good have a lot of potential for future opportunities thank you so much for all of your hard work making this game for us. :),1
default_203 : this game is actually pretty good and nod ad infested so please keep up the good work,1
mehul mathan : it was an gun game but it kinda gets boring when you keep on so please update more maps ,0
sanju sanjay : really good game descent anime graphics . good cars ,1
lamborghini countash lp5000s : extremely fun!!! would recommend to anyone that likes cars nd racing,1
sufyan smits : pretty fun. gotta get used to the driving mechanics though.,1
oussama baiz : it could be better,1
ava blackwell : pretty cool! not a fan of the ads but theyre not too obnoxious.,0
vlad ioan morariu : superb,1
mrtem : great game,1
shirsh srivastava : i love the graphics quality and it's a good driving game.,1
capcut edits : best driving endless game i have ever played. i have played it for 6 months and i am addicted with it,1
john womack : it is fun wish you didn't have to take so much damage when you crash,1
shahzad ashraf : what a beautiful way to entertain the tired brains and souls mind blowing well done #drive team.,1
litedocs : absolutely lovin it. the graphics style is just perfect.,1
jermaine andrews : nice game,1
adersh r alornekar : hard to get the controls initially,1
anjith ak : excellent game. the music and graphics are just wow.,1
patch bros iii : the best graphics i like how you added a voice line can you add more sentences please!!!,1
philip james rojo : great game looking forward for new cars and add trucks that are like the ones from the dakar rally. also add some cars inspired from wrc group b cars.,1
karthig rajan : mass graphics this game was perfectly made for single player i think it should be a multiplayer game,1
donny eh : very great indie game lots of cars but still very grindy but thats to be expected,1
marvin jy basement : this game is just fantastic don't doubt downloading it ... i live the way the games voice interacts as yours,1
tytan212 : pretty fun,1
onii chan : this is hard put that way it fun to play u have to play without hiting car are thing and that why this game is fun,1
daniel baird : really well made. the controls do take time to get used to,1
maxwel kibe : great game,1
emmanuel madehin : this game is awesome. i really love the style and visuals of the game. nice work,1
cory jones : it really is a fun,1
drewmasta : nice aesthetics but the controls are effed up. syeering in this game is hard,1
zvoilist : good game,1
james king458 : i love it its so original and also can you add a mustang and if you turn on the coolness it becomes a hoonicorn,1
r k : ultra sensitive controls,1
smita thakur : very good car game for leveling up your skills in the different game and the best game ever played,1
fikir yehualawork : the game is absolutely amazing.the graphics is simple yet detailed.the gameplay is nice i enjoyed it,1
ciaran m : very few ads,0
david moffatt : love the art style cars are fun to drive. overall great game,1
poop de scoop : pretty cool game,1
rahi khan : this game is perfect but if you make this game open world,1
mel arangel : fix the controls while im choosing my car it always go to the collection.,0
grandmster_dirty,1
maxiv : graphics are really good but the controls are really hard,1
mark langley : it needs first person drifting it probably would be more accurate drifting other then that it's a good game,1
greg ganjon : i want to like this game. but the controls are all over the place. i dont know if i gotta break to get gas. if so i have no idea how because there is no how to play option.,0
bryan kohut : this is a great game. i can play it for hours without getting bored as it is not too easy but not too hard,1
aiden knowles : when you drive faster the more you drift which can be annoying.,0
will peet : amazing game,1
aniket chakraborty : a game which proves that having high graphics doesn't always make a game great.,1
bhushan mandal : good game,1
andrew hickin : pretty good! not heavy on the ads like most games like this.,1
cheetopuffs : super great game,1
drifting panda : it's chellenging and hard at first but once you get the hang of it it's a really enjoyable game,1
ted med : no braking in game. i know controls for braking but i can't stop a car.,1
igor brodsky : perfect game to burn a little time while you're commuting.,1
johnelthan scott : pretty friging cool wish they had more classic trucks and cars but that wish can never be satisfied lol,1
ucok uck : fix the control please,0
nelson somoza : it's fun to play this,1
emils mortulevs : nice graphics and boring gameplay with bad camera angle and steering.,0
mijodrag miljkovic : nice game,1
roblox master : i think this game is really fun but i gave it 4 stars because the steering is difficult,1
ritesh kumar : at first i thought it would be fun to play but after few minutes of playing. i got bored and uninstalled it.,0
faran awan : very nyc 3d car driving game ever. but controls are bit hard,1
ayushman mishra : non addictive and great time kill. has just enough amount kf competitiveness.... needs a little more puns!,1
sudhir bachhav : i love the gameplay and the stylised graphics ,1
astroxon : great game ,1
artic centurion : great endless runner. would loce new maps and unique cars.,1
macentire56 : been playing for around a month on the school bus,1
abdulateef damilola .o : i jst love d driving physics,1
bangalie sesay : its a good game but i wish the cars were cheaper i played 20 day for the retro lamborghini but it is a fine game keep up the good work,1
my name is : the game is very enjoyable i really like the simple yet so addictive idea of the game,1
andrea de candia : love the design and graphics,1
deniz ia : good game,1
lior milliger : tough controls. not so fun. uninstalled while in tutorial.,1
garry gill : a must-have game. truly a wonderous piece of art. absolutely love it.,1
theunknown : wow! this game is not bad than i think it is. great game keep moving this update and ill playing. it i will never stop,1
david thomas : good simple driving fun! plenty to unlock as well.,1
radi o'head : typical fremium rubbish,1
shreyas koingaje : awesome and waiting for other game from same team with some what similar concept. loved it ,1
mavihs idevirt : it's nearly impossible to control the vehicle. how am i supposed to play the game if i can't control the vehicle.,0
banridor : nice graphics and a great time waster,1
shariffa sheik : nice graphics so nice and handling is so tuff but i like hand sensor if it is in works so nice to handling,1
bhushan patil : could make cars a little cheap. but a good game love it,1
tawana bonzo : great graphics,1
ian hicks : it's got strong potential,1
zaid essop : love the art style and the game is just super fun definitely would recommend,1
mohammed ahmed : if their was no car mode in japan map this would be the most badass asphalt we ever receive in the game,1
tayton moss : it will eventually get boring because you always crash in the same spot,0
alex keray : awesome game but too much adds and they are long and require to .any clients is go dismiss,0
austin savoie : fun game,1
ssyoungsk8e r : its pretty fun,1
dylan bradley : great graphics,1
vasanth kiran379 : i liked it...good graphics and gameplay was nice..my opinion is to add tilt controls to it,0
carlos payne : its good but its hard as heck without zen and how am i supost to get cans to get a car i wanted and dont make cars on both sides,1
prince k : awesome soft and soothing graphics love it man....... game concept and in between interaction are also great 6 star game,1
jesse jorge : it's very basic,1
don m : a gem. a stylish,1
nivetha ravi : thus game is nice but you can improve more like character and levels and also free roaming,1
aswinkrishnan b : the controls are difficult,1
mohamed atta : loved the gui but there is overflow and targets to finish level is not clear,0
alexandru.g : is gud gem simple but not too easy,1
walter the ker : great game,1
vineeth pradhan : top game. reminds me of an old game called london racer back in 1999. good ol times,1
rin sura : after i update,0
chris burns : very enjoyable game,1
speedtracker 95 : this is awesome! i can blast the acceleracers soundtrack when i'm playing this!,1
aashish lodhwal : a little more control over handling required and a little braking,1
gd_stormz : it's really fun and you should put more tips and stuff to learn,1
derek sell : doing this for the free car. the game is fine and a good time killer.,1
travis donnelly : control is a bit extra for the tight tracks landscape open it up a bit,0
rohan jaiswal : need improvement with steering.. game looks good.. but it's clumsy..,1
phoenix bryant : hi hngty in by my side i was 6566in at a bar in my car but it was a bit too late to get out and get a little more comfortable and more of the same clean and comfortable and i was able and i had a child and a few more people i was in for the first person i ever met,1
swapnil ghosh : the controls arent too good. the game however is a good timepass activity,0
fegrie pasanea : perfect,1
brian welborn : great game hard to turn the car great idea with the old car i love them old cars,1
mark trolic : this game is pretty gud and low on money earning but good it suprised me that it requires more skills than what it looks like,1
yael engen : very fun. selection screen is a bit glitchy though.,1
ramen noodles : they should make it so there are diffrent paths and maybe a touge it make the game more fun,1
yohanes : very bad controller to driving. i'm sorry not enjoyed it all.,1
pranav ghantasala : rather challenging,1
zenoh : great graphics but difficult to control the car.,1
mitchum 007 : an awesome variety of cars to choose from and cool gameplay,1
gabriel gamboa : really great offline game but i wish it was easier to get money but i rate it 5,1
tony spark : the game is awesome i rate it full because the controller ez and cars cool so thanks for the game,1
philip bailey : ummm. the graphics are nice and the car design is cool?,1
krishan kumar : cooolll interesting animation i think have too much fun then more then the expectations,1
achinthya krishna : really fun gameplay with catchy music tracks...amazing game...loved it.,1
yevhen orieshkin : advertisement that starts to play automatically between races is really annoying.,1
trevor whitaker : fun game for what they have as controls. very 80s and 90s based,1
yunaka sunandar : your game crash i can get in the game but in 1 minute the game stop and get out the webside it self,1
atul bhagat : a very unique experience from.this game i am very much suprising and give 5 star to developers i want to say that make same game on bikes and motorcycle,1
mohammad hmadeh : really a great game play plzz download and rate this great game and by the way it really deserves the editors choice,1
rxz : i'm addicted to this game,1
sv99s : amazing game,1
anshul pareek : i am not able to describe this game its totally amazing lovely graphics and voice touch,1
fabio chirco : allot of fun with cool retro cars and decent graphics.,1
give a name please : very fun when you're in the snow! great job making the game!,1
will jamieson : it's ok for passing the time. not bin playing long will update at a future date,0
dawson moore : really fun of a game i like it alot the game graphics are good and the voice acting is good i recommend this game,1
anson tseng : it's such a nice game. awesome graphics and no lag!,1
lijith : wow man,1
soham dasgupta : i love this game. the interface is very professional,1
ben hollenbeck : fun actually. no need to do anything besides maybe making the coolness enhance performance too,1
karthick jr : nice driving game with good graphics.... but.. tilt control must be added....,1
tendai mah : great game but i think you should add tilt as a way if controlling the vehicle,1
thatreal gamer : this game is amazing on days when everything is dull i just whip out my phone and play this game its so time comsuming i love it and would hugely reccomend this to all ages good job :),1
iamironman : control wise u should provide tilt action with brake on screen which brings flexibility on manual liking users,0
justin king : really fun but cars need more grip and handiling. but overall great game!,1
venkat rao : very nice game it is diffcult to play but we will enjoy it while we are playing,1
clawhawser : this game has good graphics and hard controlls. i like it!,1
hondacivic : woo hood! the game is finally working now. thank you for fixing it. you deserve 5 stars!,1
iconic xpo : good game and good graphics although you should bring more styles to the game bro a better experience,1
x257 wolf : very fun i think it's a great way to pass time and i love the cars too,1
party _m yt : great game overall,1
j v : good fun but i paid to remove ads with a 2x bonus,1
sufiyan momin : this game is nice and make controls easy add first person mod in the driving,1
christian jordan suryadi : my suggestion on next location:moscow,1
big duce : controls are a little too lose but it just makes it more fun,1
mahender kataria : control is not proper work and this car so very fast i can't handle this game,1
odin ilyich bagsit : it's so good arcade style drift game and addictive but put some badass music,1
mohammed ismail pasha : superb game i have never sawed in my game life. it can beat pubg i think so.,1
joao marcello cardoso pereira : no loot boxes and very well made!!!! liked it a lot!!!!,1
initial d fan : this is a great arcade game that requires skills to beat. 5/5,1
bac 2021 dz : good graphics but the control is so bad and not smooth have a great day,0
luigi boi : loving this game so far... but please add gyroscope steering! that would make this so much more fun!,1
harley neeley : good amount of cars! controls could use a little work,1
mckinnon strauss : instantly enjoyable,1
mohammad omair : nice game could be better by adding a open city roads & people & more variable traffic -> destination,1
james jones : great game lots of car options good tracks and its not super hard.,1
heavy dude : after unlocking all the regions the post cards are invaluable please make post cards useable on the car upgrades or make new regions in the game,1
bimal hessa 55 : good game. but add mission list in the pause menu.,1
cole davis : ads a little annoying,0
vikrant chauhan : good game. would love to see a gta like rpg in similar graphics and controls,1
kunal sheth : this game is crashing after the update....it automatically close while i am playing play do it for that...,1
shubham rai : its a great game but how does the brake works?? double tap doesnt help,1
* lavatitan * : fun it's easy to understand the controls and is addicting,1
seb play : the level 12 task drive the boogie when you need to unlock the boogie at lvl 15 to drive it seems a bug in the game.,0
abdul azim : really really super fun and not even that time consuming or addictive.,1
mvuyiseko bezana : great game. also love the voice that's available when i drive.,1
haixor julio de la pena gutierrez : i'm loving the game so far,1
raffi janian : very fun but the car turns a lot so it's a little difficult the rest is good,1
aisek balladarez : stunning graphics and a simple,1
nitin agaria : add tilt steering option. brakes are not much effective.,1
nitin gaopande : too much crashing. you don't want user to play at all. uninstalling,0
seplep_ : i loved this game but overtime with so many updates it got so laggy that its unplayable.,1
vladimir makarov : great game. the ads don't leap in. funny. good controls,1
manu machaiah : an amazing game easy for killing time and having fun at the same time.,1
mohamed radwan : the best driving game,1
007 : very good gameplay and earns profit fastly i recommend this as one of the best car games i rate it 5stars :d,1
rodney brainard : needs gamepad compatibility... and why is it *exactly* like "thumb drift"??,1
werner pienaar : big fan of low poly stuff so i like the graphics. good time killer!,1
souvik roy : never ever have i enjoyed a game so much ina mobile device. absolutely worth a space.,1
anthonyxrc : great game. wish there was an accelerator button though. but still fantastic game 100/10,1
patricio c : there's not much to say,1
nico johnson : pretty fun and haven't seen an add yet so yeah 4 stars for you guys and keep up the good work.,1
birds : it's good. wish the brake function was more easy to use though,1
stop changing my username : i reall like this game! its very fun and can kill some time when you're bored. 5 stars!,1
jose garcia : really fun game graphics are really good all in all it is a beautiful game.,1
ganapathy subramanian 14 : great job i love the environment and the controls..... realistic,1
jomari ramos : noice game,1
chuck norris : easy to pick up and play. great casual driving.,1
melissa doughty : love this game. fun,1
preshalen moodley : this game is siick,1
maneesh maverick : u can enjoy the game upto a certain level after that it's pretty boring,1
rudy mohamed aittia : its very creative idk how long it took you to develop this but it definitely is amazing!,1
omnom : the quality of the game is awesome and the classic cars are the best.,1
nick keen : fun little game. easy to play,1
purinikos : super fun and easy to play. the only problem it has is that it's addicting,1
tema3bot : i remember it can be played flawlessly on my bb passport.now i continue playing it on my mi max.it's so fun and updates regularly.,1
mr.froggu : pretty good. a bit hard to get into at first but the gameplay is addicting.,1
corronda tompkins : it's fun but the steering sensitivity it's like a radical racer.,1
mr candy yt : i give it two stars because i love the game. but the handling in this game need to fix,1
grant cabico : the graphics are nice. but if you play often you'll get bored.,1
delon sillygame : smooth drifting and easy to control for driving!!,1
slash caliber : slick and challenging,1
danger close : fun game. fairly simple,1
ian young : fun with slight control variations on the different terrains and few ads,1
ahmad abbass : i've never been so impressed by a car game. love the attention to detail!!!,1
leonard mwendia : the game instantly closes when i tap drive.. what's the problem???,1
rahul : good game and good concentrating...but the sound needs improvement.,1
dennis kibet : love the movement of the game but the controller's are weird when you control,0
sameer inamdar : all in all,1
gabor v : fun arcade. what does coolness upgrade do? only the look or more money?,1
steve k : getting stuck on high,1
joses robert : the control is so worse than ever,0
axel : um developer can you add some multiplayer mode,1
thine mother : graphics are good but the gameplay good!!! you should play it,1
yadd zizey : great game only need an improvement on the controller and sensitivity,1
reagan maharaj : it is a very different game to say the least but very good garphics and style of the game keepnup the good work,1
chirag patel : great game to play...and the graphics are good...good background voice,1
tarek mahmud tanmoy : nice and simple game. fun to play. plz add brake upgrade option,1
dennis short : fun game it is a little hard to control the car but you can get used to it.,1
avinash chandrabhan : it's a simple and fun game,1
ak 003 : put racing mode because endless mode games get bored of playing and new maps btw too good game,1
juan quintero : awesome game i really enjoy playing it. you can really tell the devs put their heart in there,1
jezrel manlangit : game is addictive. nice graphics. excellent overall!,1
d.c chavda : not too interesting game. its controls are too bad. please not install this game.,0
bodhi stieber : really fun doesn't shove ads down your throat everything is pretty obtainable through ingame progression,1
anes mehovic : intriguing gameplay. wish for more landscapes and abilities,1
seth geelhood : runs very smooth on my galaxy s9 which is a pretty old phone,1
taulant devolli : fun to play,1
stinkychez : just started playing this game,1
viz _ : it's cool style theme in there. gives a country diving experience.,1
smorgasboord : perfect.game for passing time,1
michael snyder : amazing!! i wasn't sold on the game when i first started but the more i've played the more i fall in love with it!!,1
hunter floyd : very fun and addicting i just wish you could customize the cars,1
robert dziarmaga : tutorial doesn't even work. i go through the white caps but i can't collect them,0
hamitha rafi : its a good game. but should improve the graphics.,1
elfaiz agus romadhan : drive its my best only just 1 problem how to pay a new car that's very expensive but it's so fun so i will rate this 5 star,1
panak coding : amazing game,1
habana,1
renjith antony : good entertainment but i don't like it same tracks same dialogues small area to play.sorry...,1
adarsh kesav : fantastic fabalous game so much fun so many maps . love this game must try item,1
shubhashree pradhan : nice but it's handling is too strong and weak that i can't control the car,1
dialita guitang mandac : i love the game but can you add a 2 specific cars a dodge charger rt and possibly a group b rally car,1
vova y : its hard to play from the beginning,1
abinash chaudhury : too sensetive..and more of a classic approach but personally i am not a fan of these west world legends.,0
wickedish iccy : really love the 70's 80's vibe,1
steven kho : looks and plays great.. bought it immediately.. please add more cars n locations,1
bryan allen : here is another game i never played when i see something i hadn't played i just go for i don't care if it is a car or truck i wanna they are some awesome and cool games,1
gambeer sagar : driving is good but the car hits electrical pole often its a kinda boring but interesting,1
divyanshu rajani : best game at this time after pubg ban and sir i completed this game 2 time but please increase the stability of car,1
given laishe : i like the game it's really addictive and accurate and overall performance is perfect,1
liam bassingthwaighte : good game but needs more variety to stay entertaining long term.,1
marko spehar : awsome game. as far as ive played it no gltches or chrashes. very addictive and fun.,1
eric vargas : really fun and addicting game,1
kilk swifty : fun game to pass the time clearly the developers care about this little masterpiece.,1
asanthi balagalla : what a really good game..all things are perfect.movements roads weather are absolutely good..recommended for you...,1
edgar green : fun game,1
synjimmy : interesting graphics,1
amrish kumar : very difficult to control the car and it doesn't turn well,0
g n : super addicting tbh lol once you get a hang of the controls.,1
se_an : very good gameplay and overall a good game to kill time.,1
pitlord : handling of car is too much,1
kevin salenga : wow!just...wow!hey,1
avinash sreekumar : amazing game with cool graphics. hats off to the developers,1
sadegh hosseini : very good game and you can even play offline 1 more thing can you guys also do item or gas on the right side and not only left side,1
duste : amazing,1
dayton c mercado : its has gret graphic and is a little hard to get use to but great game.,1
tarun sarkar : this game is very good but you should add an indian map and a trafficless drift mode,1
dylan healey-render : great for a free game. nice driving and drifting controls,1
hakwe : great game,1
chuck ion dilao : i like the game,1
seb smith : it's so good for time braking just make it's so thes you d abouts and different roads,1
aesthetic snow : wow! this game is so fun! love the cars and the new map.,1
rudra lad : simple yet fun,1
stripe stooge : it's alright so far,1
everett churchill : great time killer and lots of cars to choose from.,1
josh kruik : great game,1
talmeha khurrum : it anazing the controls are good its not pay to win it tests your reaction time its fair and its fun,1
rahid gameing : this game is great it is good for time pass at its very cool the art style is great,1
zach sabel : simple and fun. worth the money for no ads.,1
bambang irawan : is any possible for checkpoint? hate to drive from begining,0
alfred jijo : amazing game goes into depth in what you would kinda think this game would be about and overall has good gameplay,1
charlez mateo : hard to shake the wheels but when you master it,0
tuke : it's enjoyable. but like most android games it gets stale too soon,1
yameen rylands : very fun and addictive. lots of goals and not pay to play,1
branislav stojanovic private : cute soundtrack,1
rangga marvel : great game,1
jar jar binks : absolutley brilliant game so much fun and i love that it has regular updates and that it supports controler 10/10,1
zebedeo alvarez : veryy nice game ngl i love this. i played this game like 2 years ago,1
brian spahni : the brakes suck. spend more time watching commercials.,1
vashtie copper : this game is great i really love the zen mode its almost like i can drive cross state this game is great,1
logan huntley : the car is so hard to control. also we should be able to brake more,1
roman wardle : the screen corrupts after a few minutes of playing,0
thomas dms : this game is very good. there is no ads and best driving.,1
giancarlo di lorenzo : it's a good way to pass time,1
avery w : the artwork is amazing and the gameplay is smooth. love it,1
thomas : very fun to play during class when i have no work to do! keep it up!,1
ryota masuda : good storyline but the controls should be easier but i will give a 5 star,1
mitchel rodeback : big fun,1
the red panda 63 : best mobile game i've ever played it's like a pc game in terms of quality.,1
koushik ghar : wasted my data and time. bad game. very very poor control. no fun at all. there is nothing to do in this game. don't download.,1
jancy francis : loving this game ! add more options like pvp etc ,1
nathan duckworth : i love it. it's so fun but the controls are a bit hard to use. i think you should try it out.,1
abir imtiaz : loved the graphics ! so simple,1
clariet govender : i can think of is that it is the same as the one i used to play with the game and get a little bit of money i have been trying for a while with this game is still not working but it is a very low class game,0
salad : ok so if anyone is having triuble with the turning mechanics you might have turned on pro cam on which changes how things turn,1
g giridharan gopal : tt is the worst game in the whole world it is too hard to play the game because the stering was very bad control i was checking in the settings but there are 3 sterings the 3 sterings are very worst i will tell this game is the world's worst game ever............,0
himadri hazarika : the game is very good but you guys should add something like online events or season,0
aidan jenkins : its one of the best games ive played but it would be nice if they had actual brads of cars such as ford holden ferrari and lamoghini,1
srujan chaganti : great game! fun and simple with amazing graphics.,1
adrian : the devs are the best ones i have seen so far they always take your feedback and actually help you,1
supernova proxima : fun game. kind of hard to get used to the controls though.,1
sam reed : good game would like to see antialias for the default cars window but good game realy adictive fun game play cool maps,1
seigi a : good game! but i wish i could restore my old save (didn't transfer with my new phone),1
joe : great game easy control's great graphics all in all great game would definitely recommend,1
sara fullerton : i cant even get into the game. it freezes and i cant give this review 0 stars. please fix thus,1
j : good fun. not too many ads at all!!!,0
north the1 : this game is really good and controlls are amazing with controller.,1
harsh sawant : best game to play in quarantine i really appreciate its realistic features.,1
aman hooli : best when you get bored ,1
sniperbattledroid : is a great game and i love it i keep coming back to it all of the time. probably my favorite offline game i have,1
our beautiful chaos : i think it is a fun game to play when you are bored and when you are tired of lagging games.,1
telonean : game is really good the way u drift feel so excellent u can contumize u car in hope they will be adding a dcl like humanz zombies bycicle runnerz and even a tournament who can go further than each other race mode cant wait to see how the game will go,1
tanielu ia : great style and mechanics. overall fantastic game.,1
mohammed jamal : a very good game with good graphics but need more locations,1
surya bharadwaj : low quality game. lags so much. covers so much space.,1
zaxar rrr! : driving is hard,1
wong brian : unrealistic and the whole game is just trying to sell you ads.,0
benjamin roberts : was fun til lol bought credits and accident reset progress -.- lost my coins no way to get em back,1
mithilesh jayaranjan : the game is alright,1
charles haas : fun game,1
efrain velez : pretty fun game the controls are hard but you'll get used to it,1
harish kumar : epic gaming experience with great graphics and gameplay.... control's!!!!,1
migs 8 : the music is very good but for the sensitivity it was not good,1
radhi putra : ui update makes me missread icon to coin..and hit the car infront of mine..how about sign on road as powerup indicator? next update maybe add some bumpy road,1
zeki t : one of the best arcade games i've every played,1
naqieuddin azman : the game is good,1
jess purviance : cool game so far. really like the design and style.,1
george mcginty : nicely polished but the handling is like a drunk baboon and the gameplay is boring.,1
nick shvelidze : pretty boring,1
tunku amar : as far as ive played its fun the grind is fun and the way they implement ads too is nice,1
h. soleimani : this game is perfect! the graphic is really good!this game is the coolest game ever!,1
antwon deker : i haven't been able to play the game for a while. everytime i start it up it just crashes.,0
thomas davidson : it's a really good game but with the new update it started to crash.,1
harvey hudson : fun game,1
ekki a m : yeah,1
fuzail ahmed : this game should have billion downloads this game is lacking challenges dear #drive makers you just need to add challenges or levels to make this game addictive,0
grant : it's to hard to control and you drift way to easily.,1
kieran pern : very epic,1
timothy freeman : it's a great game but i suggest tilt steering should be added,1
ravi sharma : really bad game..controls are all over music is horrible and animations ae like cartoons.,0
ryan ahmad : man,1
itachigo blade : super cool and i suck at the game practice makes perfect but overall the game is awesome,1
xavier : the game's good,1
sushma rani : nice game. very good featured game. good sounds and tunes.,1
nicolas esteban zambrano bernal : fun,1
mason herr : its a pretty fun game. easy to learn the controls.,1
dean gates : super fun and easy to pick up. great time killer,1
sahil tanwer : best game i have ever played and got addicted to this game very fast and can't take my hands from my phone when i am playing this and i will recommend uh to install and play this game.,1
mr. cap : it's actually a pretty cool game and easy to play. i play this all the time when i'm bored at school and don't have nothing to do.,1
yessir yessir : super fun and great to play when you have no internet. have fun!,1
ehtisham khalid : good graphics nice game but needs some storyline to make progress interesting,1
random head : really great game just for what i ws looking if you want an endless ride. i suggest you this game.,1
discord guy : good but the controls are very hard you leaving the repair station and getting into a freakin house,1
fester : great game but the tasks on the last levels (17) are quite hard tbh,1
bhavesh solanki : i like more japan culture but looking forward this map in 2 in 1 race mode or 6 in 1 race mode,0
duck guy : pretty dope time waster,1
pandora harvent : nice game. some angle to make car going crash need little fix.,1
treyarder : isn't entertaining,1
hv217 tarpley : it is good game but i think it should be a bit more big because i am good i am but it's a little bit small so plz just a little bit more big plz in the gas stops,1
nomer tolentino : this is the most suckest game its just a black screen then it will crash,1
joshua stocker : it's the best game i have ever played the turning is ok and i like the maps they are so beautiful,1
gaz : this is a fun game,1
mizuku neptun : really fun and smooth,1
the saint : very fun,1
pratik maske : game was good and graphics are really awesome... but we don't have staring to cantrool the car.....,1
hue janus : the monsters are very spooky,1
scott : police chase lag is fixed,1
catur argi : needs nitrous,1
luthando mabuza : best game ever . i think everyone should try it.. the problem is that i can't hit a train.,1
jewelson noronha : not great. keeps crashing... not endless...endfull.. because it keeps ending...,0
wood 4 specialist : more cars please. need more classics cars! great scenery btw,1
merabi khutsishvili : gaming mechanic is amazing and there are lots of cars to chose from i whould recomend it,1
dogac karatas : leveling up is a bit mess but the gameplay is great.,1
sajad rajabi : good graphic and sounds,1
max sundblad : absolutely love this game! quality like this is in a mobile game is hard to come by these days.,1
gocometisama : excellent graphics and gameplay nothing else can describe this game better,1
nainan george : mindblowing game.awesome graphics and everything is perfect.,1
ajib ranggi : time killer...if posible can u please upgrade the setting to tilt...so maybe theres player prefer tilt steer...tq,1
allen park : awesome driving game,1
kembou albert : nice game guys : interesting game play,1
kadek chandra : gameplay is awesome but the controls a bit hard to get used to,1
the wolfyt : the game is sooo addictive there are no bugs that i've seen and it's all in all just fun!,1
keith sellars : great graphics and sound let down big time by the controls,1
lamp light : it is really fun and it's like traffic racer and i played that game since i was 6 or 7 so this game reminds me of that game to,1
alex hodgkinson : really fun,1
affan samad : excellent innovation to driving game. has its own appeal!!,1
c.skeleton : great!!! best graphics,1
mateusz chlechowitz : very good game,1
guy davis : the game is good but it needs a bit more complexity because it feels like it's missing something.,1
ryan neafie : other than the ads,1
matija toncic : great game. i love the controls and also the cars.,1
wade cody : i feel like it has beautiful graphics driving turning and i love the game so much,1
banks bullard : its pretty good. a great game to play when waiting in line etc.,1
robert r : looks great but controls are difficult to use.,1
scott h : it's a full-screen video advert app with built-in game.,1
john whitlock : amazing game,1
anoop shukla : rated 3 because you guys gave me.irritating reminders to rate the game. otherwise the game is a 4 pointer,1
rashid shaikh : good game,1
sean lacerda : nice game! too bad it has too many ads...,0
jossh cedrick sta cruz : superb.... and exciting and also.. the best graphics ever..!!!!,1
olorunfemi festus : please fix the car control..the sensitivity adjustment is trash,0
deepak mandhare : fun. love the landscapes and the way everything handles.,1
minh o le thanh : gameplay is rather limited and repetitive,1
izaiah paul : fun to play,1
franz pattison : has potential but until i can turn off the irritating voice i won't be playing it,1
mr tee9ja : i love it...but the game glitches on hugh settings and my phone specs is around average 3gb ram android pie etc,0
low kai zheng : great graphics quality and nice driving games.... recommended.,1
xenon ter : good game.endless ways.but add some maps and unlimited missions. :),1
cam caskey : pretty good game but it needs better car customization.,1
steve mcqueen123 : control feel a little loose but it provide a good challenge,1
laura fill : really weird and cool game you could ad jdm cars and multiplyer but realy good game,1
abdul samad chughtai : perfect game,1
alexander dodge : you have to grind for money to get a new vehical but other than that game is fun,1
enzo tronzo : good. controls are hard from time to time,1
zoom six : very fun and relaxing game love wasting time at work when there's no customers around!,1
ragu raman : poor control,1
bhre aditya : love the graphic. the gameplay's challenging.,1
john saltmarsh : love playing this game when i really should be working but it passes the time much better.,1
ttv moxtion : amazing when you need a new game for you phone. 100 precent recommend it,1
povilas sauciunas : fun to play,1
shsjsjaj jhhdrhnkl : pretty fun game expecaly in the zen mode but could use a bit of tweking,1
bian adit : cannot using tilt mode on driving mode. only tap,1
alex b : terrible game play ruined more so by 30 second long adverts....forget it.,0
ginga ninja : great game .it feels new and fresh compeard to the other car based games out,1
nobody : it's a beautiful game,1
thomas hobbs : samsung galaxy s9+ game wont load it opens and then instantly closes the app.,1
avnish kumar kumar : love this game thought it was same like other racing car games but it's plot is different love it,1
emanuel pedrozo : love the amount of details putted in this game is very enjoyable to pass each scenario,1
alfredsteuer.@googlemail.com steuer : i really love this game but the control is a bit loose overall is a great fun game,1
afshin nezamabadi : very good game with interesting graphic and good controls,1
nicotine gaming : i like the retro art style and i absolutely love the cars in the game,1
ajaira friends : i think it is so good game because its good control ang tuff riding. but speed so fast,1
eroles randolph : didnt expect the gameplay to be that fun and whoever did the voice acting goodjob!,1
suhail akrami : great graphics and game play but steering and break are must be developed,1
daksh saroha : one of the most simple yet engaging driving game.,1
tohbuu : its good,1
w&t ishola : a really nice game even though the controls were hard at first it is nice,1
sanket kulkarni : after a very long time (years)i like something and that is this game#drive.. huge like from india. keep it up,0
tahmid tajoar : vintage and time killing. really appreciate it...,1
mattress : good game its pretty simple yet quite challenging at time overall its a good game,1
kahinke2 2 : real driving experience what a game i play this game and i shocked this game under 200 mb wow make more updates please.#positivity :),1
vitor paladini : great game,1
mrityunjay mohapatra : don't know why in my device the music was not playing smoothly neither the commentary.,1
kendra kalyana : really good graphics and animation,1
a google user : no controlling the car. it is always crashing. no fun,1
geneva rogde : good but it gets really frustrating after a few crashes,0
james elli : this game has a lot of detail i have been playing this for a year also i got my cousins and dad to play it they love it.,0
mihai serbanescu : a bit too twitchy with the controller but otherwise great!,1
jacob osborne : great fun and the gameplay is super easy and a lot of fun too!!,1
prayash pradhan : unbelievable! i've never been interested in any games but this thing got me addicted to it.,1
deuce miller : great game,1
ryan stevenson : one star right now because the game crashes when i try open it,1
keane desoyo : good game i like it the graphics everything wow but the problem is the ads,1
liam mcrae : the game is amazing reminds me of pako 2 in a way lots of love was put into the game something rare,1
meatloaf : the best arcade endless runner game on android. period.,1
koodo : graphicd are good but the steering is too much and no brakes?,1
didit putra : cool graphic,1
dillanthegiant : it's a cool game but getting money to buy the cars is abit hard,1
lochlan denton : good fum game,1
thecandlewaxx : its a good time waster and has a lot of cars to try to get,1
malick khan : the controls could be made more intuitive,1
clorox bleach : i like the game all together my friend and i are totally hooked and we are currently battling for highscores,1
jake davidson : its a timekiller and i love it but i dont really like the controls,1
mike t. : the ads and bad controls makes me want to uninstall it.,0
dark knight : nice game good graphics love it i also have request to add more cars and places the app is great,1
snep yadn : awesome graphics and best game for those who love drifting.,1
kat kgatuke : this game is beautiful and easy to play and the cars are cool.,1
kzul fazriawan : nice game actually,1
harsh chandra : the game is fun and gets resent updates. very fun definitely werth getting.,1
iqra zul amal : need to fix control.. its really hard to control the car,0
charleszz_ofc : kinda hard to control the cars but otherwise,0
mostafa okasha : amazing game. not that many ads. overall beautiful,1
vivek vikram singh : this game is superb a little hard that's whats makes it superb and thus gamer don't care about the difficulty,1
heisei : fun and charming. a great,1
carl warren rodriguez : this game is truly an amazing game,1
noah murray : i really enjoyed this game because it has cool graphics and the gamplay is exciting,1
ganesh karhale : great work. nice graphics and beautiful scenery.,1
phillip higgins : very fun,1
ayan sadhukhan : nice game.. nothing to say about it... one of the best car games in play store,1
giannis terezakis : awesome game. it can be very relaxing mostly due to the music,1
mechanic gfitu : maybe 5 if adding tilt steering and speed control,1
cover's of the songs : one the best driving games i've ever played and it's so interesting to play and needs a lot of attention,1
sewerreviews ! : its very nice,1
deadspaceneo 11 : it's a fun game if you like being on your toes while driving the cars,1
skeebop : kinda fun. driving games with touch screen no bueno.,1
augustine hahn - vazquez : i like the drift physics alot,0
michael john acosta : i like the game i like the free roam and i drift like a boss eeeeeee i'm so happy so guys install #drive right now or else a huge spider will eat you,1
stable genius : it is exciting and has easy to use controls,1
douglas hardy : it's fun but i wish the car was easier to control,1
rubiks cube how to,1
daniel saltvick : great game to play when you'r sitting back listing to podcasts.,1
raak wallis-king : gameplay good but a little monotonous after a while.,1
dayan abass : it's really really good. just what i suggest is that add some new maps.,1
ivan megyesi : good graphics,1
ilja jusupov : seems to not be working,1
shubham chatterjee : really amazing game ... and the graphics are so relaxing..,1
sahil solanki : it's not that fun controls are not great this game needs to improve a lot,1
tlakaelel ceja valadez : it's a cool game,1
scythe ditor : great game over all,1
todd bradshaw : great game it is both fun and challengeing the drift is hard but fun,1
nikhil alve : nice game . they should also add multiplayer drage race mode.,0
lovely kumari : i like the graphics but the gameplay is repetitive and boring,1
damian garside : need to be a perfect player only. hard to control.,0
aich145w : this game is amazing and i get to use my xbox controller please make more games that i can use my controller,1
kunwoo kim : great looking,1
dalton maestre : the only thing i like is the graphics and the drip mechanics but ill rate it 5 star,1
hassan ali : super time killer barely internet needed just the right amount of ads olus decent graphics,0
nabeel khan : i wanted to give it a 10 star,1
ryleigh spaeth : pretty good time waster! easy to pick up hard to put down,1
mojtaba mirkatooli : it was kinda hard for me to play it because every checkpoint was too far from eachother,0
space wave : needs better game button function control and then it's like really really good,1
dillpickle games : very fun and addictive. i've been looking for a game like this for a while and finally i found it! great game.,1
naim 9pro2020 : all games should have this level of quality. it should be a standard.,1
saboor 128 : this game is good it good we dont have a network connection it is one of the best offline games i have ever played,1
kevin reed : you can't slow down so you can control the car it's just crazy,0
victor quyuy : nice graphic but too weird control. feel uncomfortable rather than excited,1
mizhok : simple obstacle avoiding game,1
a google user : control is terrible,0
karl jan contado : i love the game but the ads are ruining it. so 4 star for now,1
charles ingram : this game is awesome! the graphics is way better than i expected. this game is going to get me addicted to this game.,1
albert garangou culebras : please make it possible to change volume and sounds level separately!!,1
nadzmi : nice. like the font,1
ashani francis : a really great game,1
giorgi gb : nice gameplay nice nature and i wish improve of steering tipes. thanks for game,1
vajra sapkal : i give it a 4,1
leon klas : its just fun. could do without the non user activated ads tho.,1
nasrum minallah : love it!! plzz add the option to customize our cars..,1
robert vickers : my only problem is the steering. it's to off. if u fix that i will. be str8,0
monzar : i love the voice lines and the cartoonish style the game brings i have no complaints,1
singara tharun sai : i like very much and it is a nice game and offline also so i like the game and so many car are there to drive,1
gunnar kiest : very fun lots of cars and its fun to smash into other players cars,1
seema nagpal : please give the 4 map as fast as possible and feature any bmw car please.thats a request,0
steve georgy : best game for timepass.......would make it better it the other cars were cheaper,1
the examiner : perfect controls,1
sonia ramsay : wow..its a pretty addicting game but there is 1 thing. what is the red cap when i collect all the other caps?,1
tuna : not much to say. the only problem is how long it takes to build up a sufficient amount of money,1
jarred oberholzer : fun game to play ,1
zach smith : fun gameplay and nice graphics. maybe add more upgrades tho,1
neithan tan : nice but can you make it even more better like,1
ashlee carey : the controls are kind of unreliable but it's a addicting game,1
sebastian diaz : its fun,1
tomatogaming23 : i like the way you bribe the cops and the controls are easy as hell,1
jamasb samia : really funny,1
inotterspace : irritating controls but overall a fun experience.,1
vitor prentice : i honestly cant fault this game with the dissing and the e is a choppa that was the last thing i had a skrap for the last two years of froggie lamp on a conveyor compartment in a small apartment building and i got it in an hour and 7am to get the feeling devilish 3pm it is a little more 6th and then 3am it will not be in my van.,1
ryan z : very good game. love the tiny car. it drives like a dream,1
dusan mihajlovic : poor controls. repetitive. nice artstyle though.,1
sebastian kaczynski : good game. the latest update fixed my previous issues so i'm changing my review to 5 stars.,1
voonshiuh wu : good concept but vehicle control is difficult.,1
phong ii : fun and challenging,1
arjet duli : it's a great game ,1
gail gardner : its soo bad theres no laptop controls if you add laptop controls make it w=throttle s=brake a+d=steering,0
sandro saria : game.is good but need more opportunities more resist more cars and maps,1
baba fuseini : a very good game but the controls are a bit complex,1
kristopher tibbetts : super fun and easy to play,1
levi wilson : great game it's actually fun and it doesn't shove ads down your throat,1
john duggan : fun game,1
sukman shakib chowdhury : wonderful game. i really like it graphics are so good.,1
crixel7 : good,1
jayla : love to explore the places but you crash easily.,1
c1-26-kanakroy : good game and have good graphics but it need more mission,1
arena : the game intensively unique and stres remover this game is totally fun but one thing can we suggest some cars like nissan 240sx or s15 hope u read this guys thank u ilove rhis game 100%,1
john.j dancho : awesome pass time...... it puts up a good challenge.,1
abunites : good game nice three dimensional animation,1
miles stone : it started off as fun but after awhile it became very boring.,1
toto plana : this cool tho love the graphics and everything here the classic cars cool too;),1
a google user : very intresting but try and put brakes in the game for a better movement,1
nolska : thanks so much for the toyota ae86. and the total recall map!!!,1
zirconiumgd : you guys should add trades and friends,1
irsyad ramadan : nice game,1
mariano gabriel : great little time killer,1
sohit bagga : game is smooth af. and the tracks are great.,1
thurston jacobs : amazing game and the graphic is wonderful..i must say good job thanks for making this game,1
mayank dheer : nice gameplay but it's too difficult to control the car,1
cyprian tindin : octafx ad cannot be closed. requiring the game to be closed to close the ad.,0
nadyara garrido : ultimate variety of classic cars and super ez controls,1
nathan roa : this game gets intense and there is a big variety of cars to choose from,1
premareddy sawkar : there are too many olymp trade adds remove adds but game is awesome and addicting,0
sujash rocks : awesome graphics simple controls...loving it till now.,1
joon bugg : love this game the controls need to be tweaked but over all its a great game,1
86 media : it has a good statement game works very well no bugs or anything that could cause it to go bad,0
jordan sugarman : fun short gameplay. ads are a bit annoying,1
himani gautam : yes it is a very very good game,1
leins b. : a face paced,1
paul dalusong : super fun! can't stop playing and it just keeps getting better and better!,1
pandu pratama : it's the same endless racing typical game but still brings fresh concepts,1
reza kiany : cool game like the graphics and reward system love the voice acting,1
marcelino su : very fun and addicting,1
omer mirza : super fun. doesn't force you to buy stuff. that's how you make a mobile game.,1
vlad enia : very nice and fun game. i especially like the graphics.,1
ravinder sharma : bang on graphics not for baby...its hard both hard should make more games like this,1
hasnain haider mir : great and fun than the old games like subway surfers and doctor driving,1
daki fx : game is awesome but ca4s are to fast like i cant react that fast to like turn left right or to break,0
maskmusk : i reccomend to rate this 5 the gams is so so smooth!!!! btw taking the photos in this game are awesome i reccomend this game is in the 10 best driving games,1
i am an indian : it's a good game..... but ,1
kurt woyma : a real mobile game. not a whole lot of those lying around and this one does it well.,1
dxni : really good. i also barely get ads so i like it.,1
camopanda : just had a question what does the coolness upgrade even do? you spend money on it and it seems to do nothing.,1
aashiq 011 : i was enjoying the game and it showed witch to zen mode. how to turn off zen mode? please help,1
adenic joenel mark : its fun and enjoying but sometimes when you crash get :-(,1
danfoxy : this game is awesome! the only problem is the controls but i will get used to it,1
celestial : very good game also sometimes it is difficult but enjoyable gameplay,1
zachary bellwood : great game,1
krzysztof barwinski : really great game only sometime long adds without fast forward option but durable still playing,0
favourite youtuber : nice game but graphics should be high and controls are not proper,1
moreno immanuel : this game is very awesome the game is very cool especially with the cars i really love it,1
roon koong : not complicated,1
versed official : the best 2-only-control game. like the voices too.,1
larry schwartz : repetitive,1
romilda matthys : its a good challenge but make the cars more controllable,1
john doe : not for me,1
sam b : enjoyable vehicle dynamics + great development team with great upgrades on the app,1
bailey henderson : overall a great game,1
aswin r : this game ia very hard to play. can you make steering wheel for this game.,1
maroti pise : ur game is fantastic but i am not able to trick the police by using car breaks,1
jayson brown : really nice arcade game,1
wole : the game controls sucks ...if i could gove a rating lower than 1 star i would ...i will probably be like -5 stars....the graphics are also lame ...the 1 star only allows me to write this review...you suck,0
william gay : so far so good. unlike the style of the game. controls take a little getting used to,1
europhixlinx 451 : good game,1
emy toliba : great controls very challenging and fun keep the good work,1
ricardo rodriguez : a little repetitive after some time but still great,1
techie abhishek.s : the game is good but the task & hardship is way too much actually.,1
queencw : this game is so addictive cant go one day without playing. definitely recommended,1
liam jacquire : no explanation of the pick ups,1
hector batallang : the gameplay is good however the controls could be improve,1
faheem chaudhary : improve the tracks. add more places. i'll give 5 stars.,1
winston julianno : this game is fun. i like the music,1
emmanuel d'souza : it's had some glitches where the car gets stuck in this the tiers in the practice area,1
logi : it just has really great graphics and controls,1
mridula gangrade : -low storage -great graphics -great controlls -fun and addicting -somewhat hard,1
adrian rodriguez : its a fantastic game with a beautiful graphics and atmosphere,1
arjang ap : it's fun but get repetitive over time. like any other game.,1
rick palomo : graphics are awesome and gameplay is addicting!,1
nicole tigress : very good driving and steering and nice graphics .. byeeee,1
izad md : this isn so hard at all well im a new player i just dont really know how to drive i can drive just a little bit but anyway ghis game is awsome,1
sami homsi : good game need to add some missions and challenges,1
ray wall : fun to play,1
sumit prasad : driving mechanics should be more accurate plus more controls,1
dawid hendrych : very nice graphics and selection of cars!,1
madan rudra : its amazing,1
anas wibowo : nice game,1
mohd aftab : the game is very good but i have not understanding the task of drive the rebel buuble for 5 km,1
nazario flores : it's a good game because it's offline and it's one of the best racing games that i've ever seen,1
jr c : nice soundtrack during every rides and you can get hooked for hours,1
broderik craig : difficult controls make this game really frustrating.,1
colin anker : great :)) a refreshing title to the driving game scene.,1
michele : good job,1
azkanio febi : when i first play this game is actually normal.but when play it back its force close i can play it please fix it..,0
asharath ali : it's different.its the real drifting game with extraordinary climate and roads,1
iseerainbows __ : i like it alot. my friend saw this and asked what it was called. i responded "#drive" back to playing this game...die. then look back and see what he was doing. he was playing this game !,1
yunus berk kaynak : i like the artstyle of this game but controlling the car is too hard for me,1
aj rex : great game,1
evan arias : its a very fun game and has just the right amount of grind element to it,1
grant brandon koo : what a fun game! easy to control,1
chimith : this game is unbelievably good quality !!! its like the devs actually cared abt this game which is more than i can say abt even some console games lately,1
hazard : amazing graphics,1
johnney guertin : worth unlocking the ad free game. great casual game.,1
william rose : pretty simple mechanics,1
gerry barit : is a great game simple control and i know the graphics but its just okay is still a great game,1
amir ejaz : no acceleration key??? no brakes..thats sucks..atleast add a break button..,1
robert miller : this game is awesome,1
bethebomb8702 wolf : this game is extremely addicting and fun there is like 70 cars so you will have a blast,1
valentinoakif : super addicting and easy to pick up.,1
joe uno : just starting out n it's pretty fun minus the ads.,1
md. rabiul alam hridoy : the controls are horrible. fix it please.,0
thecarguy123 : good for wen u r bored but gets boring very quickly but still a decent game.,1
lucas meadows : simplistic controls and tons of fun!,1
sanan : best game but it could have been even better if they added some more maps overall best game,1
alice osiemo : it is interesting and amazing it is a wreck but amazing bring another game that is better than this ok i like it and i like the game too,1
sivadas m.t : very high graphics and controlling all car in the game is super,1
felix rodriguez,1
vishnu kr : nice gameplay,1
mairo hassan : i love this game and i think i am a bit of the same thing as a whole other nigerians in my team and i have to make a good decision on how much i want them and what i do is a good thing and they will not be the only thing that the players will be able for a game of football to do the game but i don't know if it was just the right time for a game in a way i would like the game and we are going through this game to win a cup of games in a way i think it's going on and i don't want the same thing,0
visual lemonade : its not soo bad but keeps freezing and going back to homescreen mid drive,0
joe schroecker : love it,1
alicia shelton : i think the game is fun but the only thing that is bad is all the ads,0
jaki :d : really fun driving game,1
maxbeat 123 : it's a good game overall,1
sooraj ns : please add chase cam like normal racing games... would be awesome to drive with that in these beautiful worlds,1
farshogar vevaina : needs a timer of 3 seconds before the game starts after resuming game from pause menu.,0
zanity yt : love the graphics,1
18-298 kristian yordanta : very challenging and fun game,1
jad khateeb : very nice and interesting game wish if you add more new missions,1
ekram osman : please add every car has a power up! love the game! $_$,1
kim madrid : this game is so cool i always play it and i like the graphics pls make more games like this,1
xymon viktor : good game,1
kenny maloney : this is the funniest game i've played in a while,1
marikus jacobs : it's a awesome game love the way of the games graphics great experience also my favorite game,1
noah kilgore : fun to use. it is a little hard to master the mechanics. but it is fun.,1
eduardo colin : would be much better with gyroscopic control and in car perspective... cute game,1
a s virk virk : beautiful game amazing graphics and control . just loved it,1
mxxie : very cool game. i really like its so simple yet very fun. i recomend for sure.,1
joris kucinskas : nice graphics fun to play no ads unless it's for a promotion,1
joseph oxshott : nice game but you can't race ,1
bryan da ponte : easy to pick up,1
sandeep sharma : very good games ...just add new maps...from other part of the world...,1
bouvaneshe jothiram : controls wasn't easy,1
ricky bun : good game but somehow the controls sensitivity is a bit awkward,1
arun karthick : good gaming experience,1
gottaloverene : the game is very good,1
marc munchie : it's a really fun game to play and chalange you're friends who can get the highest score,1
calvin o'connor : it's fun and is a good time killer,1
draven koenig : pretty fun. definitely helps burn time on long boring days.,1
neree blaise byiringiro : great but you need more cars why can't you have had motorbikes but it's great awesome,1
anamo : handling is a bit hard to get used to,1
spaceassasin1 : great game with an original idea and amazing graphics,1
andy tsou : pretty decent game glad the audio problem is fixed!,0
nicole k : this game is so fun! glad it's not ruined by too many ads,1
raymond craig : i like this game but i think you have to put some brakes and controls,1
tommy relf : itts a very good game with lots of levels and cars and the best thing good ghraphics,1
fujiwara_420 : great fun game for car guys to pass the time and everyone else,1
d b : controls aren't great but overall game looks slick.,1
thestringingace : love the game. only complaint is that the learning curve is huge.,1
zer0 : really nice graphics and ui. love it.,1
faiha rashid : perfect game for timepas ,1
maria chiara grech : very cool,1
matko raguz : love it. could use some more work on it but great game!,1
giovanni mauro : simple,1
shawn bright : yo,1
mert can yilmaz : this game is amazing. i cant wait the next updates and guys when will you release the new map?,1
sukhveer grewal : really fun but can get boring if u get stuck on a level,1
yahya omran : funny and easy going driving game. nice choise of oldschool cars,1
shauds depression cars : it pretty good lot drift good to training drift to be pro almost same master drift.,0
farhaan khan : they don't have a good sterring option and it is very difficult to play it the worstest game i have ever seen,1
chetan dixit : is this editor choice game? not good game .not good controls. it is worst game ever,0
abhilash reddy : control are little too smooth.. but helod u t concentrate... simple & good game,1
lucas douglas : good game to take up time,1
ballisticmissl : a bit simple but an incredible depth of quality,1
fogbound 4 : this game is great sadly on my samsung galaxy s9 it keeps crashing so i cant play it anymore,1
nicolas whieldon : just started playing but it has a lot of detail and is a lot of fun so far,1
mikewaslucky : its a fun game,1
souvik sikdar : it fun to play .. the graphics are good easy to understand,1
chris deeb : a racing app for a phone that's not trying to be a racing game for an xbox,1
ephan : difficult at first yet fun and is continuing to grow on me,1
mpilo ndaba : the game is good,1
jairo sanchez : fun to burn time and cool style on their cars.,1
curtis clawson7 : good driving game,1
sumit rawat : very good game i like it but add some different type of missions,1
gary lang jr : paid to remove ads but game is not fun,1
lukman nurjaman : a very good driving game. it's a very good game to spend a free time.,1
priyanka changmai : i love this game. you can get a high score in this game,1
murthy nalla : super game. this game is very nice,1
adn 9 : what's not to like it ! graphics goood ,1
dumb&dumber productions : well i love how many cars there are in this game but the steering is to fast,1
jason : just rating in the hopes of a free car. pretty good,1
livano yudistira : great game to enjoy in free time to pass by the boredom.,1
nishaanth karthikeyan : it's a nice it's a nice time pass game but only thing that is it is very hard to control,1
ebrahim bounaija : work more on the controls ... everything else is perfect,1
tucker belton : really fun,1
suseel konda : so hard to even play for a minute. its always crashing.,1
moh3 : i love this game first i tink its hard and i right becuse this control is very hard.,1
penney sahanatien : very fun tricky to control but i got the hang of it in no time!!!,1
hilman rizki : cant open the apps using midrange phone to highend phones!!,0
abhiram sasikumar : its good...i think for control accelerometer should also be included... that's my opinion,0
giota kokkova : the best game ever!!!! nice music and lots of maps cars nice,1
drfreak zone : nice concept. but i would like if the cars weren't so expensive,1
alexandru ene : unskipable 30 second ads between rounds.,1
lisnato tisto : game is very fun! there is just some ads.,1
sammy sr : pretty good but the steering is either too slippy or too firm,0
viswanath praveen garimella : hard to control the car,1
rubthisone : love the graphics and controls work good.,1
lord frieza : i love the art style and the car selection is great,1
mahender mahe : decrease the amount of damage taken by car each time when hits something,1
a google user : it's a nice game a bit difficult but it's fun and easy to learn,1
carlos brito : very fun,1
henrique melo : cool game. simple gameplay,1
mc akali : it's great but maybe can add the bmw m3 gtr from need for speed most wanted,1
mason maloy : awesome aesthetic,1
mikey anthony : pretty fun just hard to control but i think i might get the hang of it,1
dilli babu : wonderful game you can add new location. i love it,1
riley joslyn : ads and have to grind a lot to get cars and upgrades,1
william holliman : it just opens and then in a few seconds freezes,1
souhail rh : fun,1
danish raza : its a really good game and its graphics are really good,1
karam thaer : real fun,1
santhosh cruzier : i bet if u play this game ur addicted... superb game and graphics also superb..,1
matthew ivanov : amazing game! good graphics and yhe gameplay is very addictive!,1
syahirawani shuib : this game was very very challenging in the beginning but i am enjoy it.,1
andrew poulter : addictive! makes it an 'actual' challenge than most games!,1
dipak dalvi : good and fun game... i'll recommend it to thoes who wants to play for just some minutes like in lunch break or something...,1
shawn-anthony morland : its a real fun game. its different to,1
j s : typical game good game,1
haziq groenan : im so satisfied playing this games also easy to control and easy to play,1
olly_mark42 : game is really fun just need to remover traffic completely from zen mode,1
inka iskandar : it's great game,1
abdul malik : not recomended. much ads. hard to control,0
shilajeet sengupta : the retro theme is the key of fun in this game. love.,1
sohaib winner : its been a long time since i played a good racing game. this is the best game i played in a very long time,1
aaron richards : fun game thats adding options and levels to keep it entertaining,1
dony sebastian : one of the best endless driving games. good job.,1
harish kumar : really good game with decent and consistent graphics,1
iohanan metellus : it's simple and addictive,1
making memories : alright for ten minutes then gets boring. overpriced cars as per,1
josh amey : great grafics and game play not that many ads which is nice overall realy nice game,1
peter stromboli : its pretty good... the intro theme is a thing of beauty,1
ritu lulla : very nice game if you are bored. the only problem is there is no race.,1
raj dutta : nice endless running game....very nice retro type graphics.,1
youguang yi : thanks for the updated vehicles and new map.,1
zackeldelinquent : good game and great time waster,1
ajin p joseph : had a ton od fun playing this game. such a beautiful and relaxing game to play.,1
jeffrey : tremendous game,1
luke jacobs : great game,1
treerexaudi official : had no idea this game existed,1
damian widelski : fun game,1
vic studios : much funner than i thought and the artstyle and graphics looks good,1
eli : i like it but make it a little easier to unlock cars plz :p,1
lak mx : wooow... stunning game with pixel style graphics...love it .,1
josh smith : i've only been playing a little while but it seems pretty fun. i like the style.,1
vincent myslowitz : very good game,1
joseph andres : it's a really fun game with minimal ads.,1
onelastshot : it's a fun game,1
12 of monkey's : hurmmm...for me is the best game to play the bad is i hope they update the way we can change from postcard to bottle caps,0
s ks : great game,1
eddin houssem : game for nostalgia,1
ali 360 : the controls are too sensitive and you can't change them,0
logeshwaran l : this is an nice relaxing game not like other car games this is totally different.....,1
necko howe : the control is kinda hard to get use to but it's a pretty fun game,1
carlo habla : the graphics is good but it's hard to control,1
paul jenkin : fun game u can just pick up and play not to many ads either,1
chinmay panse : if you get addicted to awesome stuff easily,1
brian lee : quick fun that you can jump in or out of at any time.,1
eamonn cowan : a good ofline game good for kicking back wherever you are.( i'm on a boat while writing this. ),1
subhopriyo mondal : graphics is awesome..so many cars and maps..good job guys,1
lucas negreiros gurgel : great game! very good sound and graphics.,1
tarun mavuru : have a breaking system for the car in the game it would be more fun,1
matthew hodges : fun game,1
taylor : i really liked this game. it's charming,1
beegyoshiyoshi : cool game i love the driving experience. keep up the good work.,1
vietnam warrior : really good i give it a 5 stars cause theres few ads and yeah pretty pretty fun,1
alexander campbell : it's actually a solid game,1
ally bravo : can't control speed doesnt always brake for you ads every time you crash,0
kiwimay : too many ads. kept telling me to rate it,0
shadowguard whiplash : this is great 3 dimension game,1
charles mcclain : this game is cool! great job on the graphics.,1
ahmed hammoda : i tolaly liked it you can see everything is hd but it's on mobile so cool and weird yes?,1
cashton darlich : the game is basic but cars are kinda expensive.,1
jethro elegido : only thing i don't like are the unskippable ads.,0
akram nidae : nice game ! can you add a close car view opsion please thank you !,1
ramin sakhi : you do not have good control of the car and it does not have good handling at all,0
jekabs janis kalnins : crashes on privacy policy screen and can't go further,0
div : godd graphics easy to play nice concept (time pass),1
miki dillon : good game but the sound is messed up after the first ad,0
javad momivand : fantastic its a game with tiny graphic and charming gameplay i realy suggest it,1
zed : great game great graphics great locations great gameplay.,1
shifana salam : it's a nice and simple game and very good to be played when your bored,1
fortune lukemark : it's a great game,1
brendon camons : fun game but the driving mechanics are a bit strange,1
anshu bhagat : its all are great gameplay ,1
mtd _legend : best driving game ever great quality and game play and i would highly recommended this game for everyone,1
prince khan. : perfect game dude. please make a open world game like gta with this graphics...,1
messi666 : need some work on the controls and the sensitivity...,0
paul azhighlife : great great great.... im am soo satisfied the graphics n feel of the game is great such a simple game yet sooo freaking fun,1
austin : controls have a learning curve to be good with,1
amelia pacheco : really addictive and awesome game to play when bored. love it.,1
precision performance : it's not bad... more in game info on things such as power ups would be nice.,1
gilbert l. sucatan : very challenging game i hope you to fix some problems. thank you,1
colter james calvetti : good fun,1
bill salema : can you please tilt to the controls basically its a wonderful game,1
tomas kuca : amazing controls,1
fatima taweel : it's a nice game really fun to good graphics good game play everything is good about it.,1
siddharth mandal : graphic is really good but did not find anything special about it,1
ujwal ghude : graphics are cool handling is slightly difficult but i like this game,1
houssam pharaon : it is a very fun game,1
brightmilk7 : no lag,1
tucker sautter : great graphics! unusual style but i love it!,1
rev. joel ashirwadam j w : good game,1
simeon boychev : the game was really great and i enjoyed it very very much. i'ts quite hard.,1
anup arafat : nice game.make the control littlebit easy and add more tracks.,1
pratama mp : great game!.controlling and graphic is awesome,1
philip shearer : took too long to get used to the control sensitivity,0
be ans. : played the game when it was first released but when i played it again all my progress from before was lost,0
jackie kendell : fun,1
helios shuto lover : i think this is one of the best game that can shock you down when you play this. btw,1
neetunisha chaurasiya : i realy love the game because there are many cars vans and etc to try.,1
t. baugh : this is unique down to the details.. really enjoyable game.,1
jemuel olarte : over all the game is good. hope you guys could add some events in the game.,1
colin dupont : fun controls took some time to get used to though,1
imran khann : need some improvements on the controls.,0
silver_ninetails : lovely game,1
someshwar roychowdhury : best minimal gameplay with cool graphics. totally love it,1
chase : you can play for a few minutes then set it down. super fun!,1
richard gregory : love it! super simple game,1
haridas sawant : it's a good and addictive game like to play on high graphics though,1
scott chryt : ads are pain but it's a pretty good free game!,1
runako christian : i love the voice acting and the variety of cars,1
lucky days : such an wonderful game man..... even ur title..... car.... and garage car.... of motion effects.... are amazing..... try to convert this...vr ...anf more love you guys i'm waiting for game from ur studios,1
shinto thomas : add aa break control for the game..... because the speed control is must for the smooth play,0
barasa simiyu : ok but should put more camera modes and faster waus to make money,1
shubham singh : awesome time killer! just improve the vehicle braking plz!,1
ray s : great game. feels refreshing with all the junk on the app store,1
frevy balmores : great game with great graphics and fun gameplay.,1
oc2 - jai : this game is a bit different than other driving games and is very fun!!,1
abbasgo339 : very good 10/10 this game has endless fun and i use the controller so its easier very good game i recommend downloading it,1
oscar hill : great game good graphics plenty of cars ,1
anurag tyagi : they need to make some new highways or may say more interesting stages.,1
mykolas biel : good game awesome graphics good gameplay everything you need!,1
sohil jami : after update this game its crash and not working on my device please fix this,0
lina patra : perfect game but try to reduce the cost of cat in the the game,1
boris _ : controls are great,1
daniel baker : the one an only!!! no other can compare. this is the best app out there!!!!!!!,1
optimus prime : is nice thank for play store,1
mchoumous : really good,1
saidarnahid 12 : nice graphics.but controls are so weak.so you get just accident.,1
jackson davis : really fun like to see more cars n little better controls,1
william sison : i wish the graphics could be a little better but all in all it's a good game,1
hafiza akther : good game,1
saksham _ : it should also include driver's pov... that would be awesome.,1
john paul decuir : game,1
bhimexkryt : this game is one of the best that i've ever played i always loved 70s cars then i found this it's just great,1
zane brook : fun game,1
odedun izibenua : amazing game,1
emerison villarreal : good game the controls are good and i like the graphics,1
a google user : ok great start like the game having some point. issues controls or control options next is making cash a bit easier and overall other things aint bad keep it up,0
thing 1 thing 2 : this game is really fun but i wish you could test drive cars you don't have,1
joshua chong : enjoyed this game,1
amin boutarfi : love this game! the whole game play experience is just perfect.,1
snowy furbinn : great game though it could use some more things regarding gameplay.,1
yashwanth achu : excellent but need more graphic and adventuremap and object,1
teresa barraza : nice game...wasn't expecting to enjoy this as much as i am. download this and have fun.,1
mohanad : this game is the best it helped me to relax and focus. big thaaaanks,1
gopala krishna : there are no brakes and the controls are bad,0
vshea williams : fun to play but controls made a little too lose,1
richie rich : been playing 10 minutes ok so far but too early to leave a proper review.,1
magazi philani : the game is pretty impressive i personally would love to try more of this type of game,1
tristan penman : fun game trying to get further along the road each time,1
u. praveen : its awesome and the graphics is the most important of the game and i liked it,1
nick valine : looked fun,1
michael ottway : very fun game,1
eric sysak : fun,1
kho jee : nice game great to play when your bored tho,1
mnqobi mln ntshali : a tilt control will do justice to this game....otherwise i can't stand it.,1
mieka-iel slamong : awsum game good graphx no lag just a brilliant little time passing device love it,1
2 head : its fun is a good game and additional text in the background is funny,1
salim sadman : offline game. no adv. good enough and satisfying!,1
joshua khannoo : bro this game is one of the best it's better than forza horizon been up the good work,1
navneet mishra : the best game if you are bored,1
yogesh jambunathan kannan : very excellent game with good graphics.,1
nungshilemla imchen : this game is nice the drver even talks and the cars and its really fun,1
zachary panzica : great game,1
caleb s : it's really fun but there are gite a few ads.,1
dhanwin mr 7a : can please include multyplayer mode because this game is awesome than i think,1
cabdirasaaq cismaan : this game is vary nace,1
welshshippy : simple short lived fun,1
peter lee : very well done. favorite car is the 86!,1
alan russell : absolutely rubbish. it's more ads than game time,1
reuben pritchard : very fun game you can mostly do everything this is addicting but cool,1
duck pump : pretty cool dont really like the ads but you gotta get that bag,1
andy barfoot : bit boring and difficult to steer braking is a bit of an anomaly,1
lol lol : its really good graphics and music and cars,1
mikky ngozi : no tilt in the controls and also having limited brakes,0
andy febrico bintoro : it's hard to master and the intrusive ads were annoying,0
dieter herbst : awesome game! good graphics i like how you throw the donut at the cops!!,1
daniel gonzalez : so addictive,1
terry : great game..greatly frustrating way to pass time..,1
arithmath : the only thing which is left in this game,1
ethan gonzales : good for passing time,1
keegan b : fun game takes a bit to get used to the controls.,1
amin hamidi : weird controls and camera is locked on the car so it makes it even weirder,1
shelton moyo : its an addiction game u wont get tired of it if they make #drive 2 ill be the first one to download,1
abhishek sharma : brilliant gameplay. nice cars to drive.,1
jax hicks : love the game but needs better controls like maybe a wheel,0
potato pc : very addictive game and the music is good too with the atmosphere in the game,1
logibear s : pretty fun and the controls are simple,1
pravin vasava : game is good but.. car move with phone rotate is batter than this...make it please...,1
felix den : amazing graphics,1
motiejus mekionis : cool game love it would give it a 4startnot a 5star because it's so hard lmao but i give it a 3star game cause it gets boring in 2days,1
rodolfo cortijo : game is cool but trows way too many video ads.,0
greengameplayer : stunning graphics. a great selection of cars.,1
phuc binh : have played this game for ages and no ads (i think) make the game more enjoyable,1
sourilegend tll : awesome game !!! the controls are hard tho.,1
navdeep anonymous : game is good but there lot of bug which you need to fix it,0
notyourdude360 : it's so detailed,1
james hamilton : it's a great driving game..,1
daniel lesho : the game is great the only thing i would add is a 1957 chevy bellair,1
tristan elford : cool game. love graphics it what makes the game itself.,1
zach clinton : super fun game i love it i just wish everything wasn't so expensive or money came just a tad easier,1
ravijayxix : nothing bad,1
techgamerboy : love this game,1
alan bowdley : good game it would be beteer if you had a better way of geting money like a dayley reward or a spinning wheel thing to have a chance of winnibg post cards donuts and cars,1
luke robertson : its great so far. i would like to see some more roads though.,1
luis fernando : fun game with simple but nice graphics.,1
chris badman : kinda fun. seems like it'll be another grindfest. will probably uninstall soon.,1
hassan dehganpour : great but the steering system is a little uneasy,1
mohammad kalantari : very nice and cool game and i hope to see the game expand and improve every day!,1
rowdy egger : this is a great game,1
frn cis : this game is crazy cool i love the screen work and don't worry guys it's not an online game,1
haren poovaiah : elegant graphics and mastered controls with a friendly voice.,1
prateek sarwan : one of the most innovative car racing games. i love it!!,1
ven xoxo : fun,1
vsp : nice ,1
hirzi i.p.e : very nice game ,1
atungbi asanji : the game is a whole differnt level it taks gaming to a whole new level,1
mukhlash fadhil nur : amazing,1
alex setiawan : nice graphic,1
ghanashyam : this nice and it is also offline so....and its graphic is good,1
ayusuman paikray : charming graphics and easy game play .,1
revo : love this game. regular update from the amazing developer. 10/10. love it!,1
david herrmann : haven't played too much yet,1
shiven sharma : amazing game!!! it's graphics are absolutely phenomenal,1
myles hodge : super clean game great way to waste a few minutes,1
nikhil udupa : highly addictive. i've lost track of time playing it.,1
pixelfish ro : doesn't let you play,1
sterling hebert : easy game to pass time with and ads aren't too much,1
r g : game is nice but controls have terrible input lags.,0
alexandru boboc : a really nice arcade game to play when you are bored. ;),1
andre rasyid yusuf yamin : good old kinda like grafik thing just addicting if u really want to buy your fav car,1
aleksandar plemic : back button disabled during ad videos. very poor decision,1
james olena : great driving game with not a rediculous amount of adds thanks for that!,1
ronaldinho vallin : is a great game actually and its pretty impressive the graphics ;),1
oliver woodward : really good i would prefer the camera to be closer while driving,1
ryan jelinek : lots of cars,1
cameron greenwalt : you can drift drive and get gas and be chased by poilce i don't like to crash because it's to hard to drive in the little road because there is a lot of cars on that road it's hard to get to the lacation it is really far away,1
taran evans-moran : its okay,1
matthew wakeling : when i withdraw consent for the use of my personal data,1
jayden ortiz : very good game good graphics just one catch you.levevl up slow,1
michael onyango : not gonna lie this game is fire no cap i've never seen a good game like this good grhafix but the controls are kinda disappointing,1
tuberd : real fun when ur at school on bus or at work or jumping in lava or burning to death or even walking in traffic this games amazing can play anywhere so easy how far can u go?,1
papai karmakar : just a casual game. but you would love this. it lets you feel relaxed.,1
arian pramadi : nice graphic,1
haxxnain_ rajput : having good features good views good graphics....,1
morgan koch : really fun good graphics and physics.,1
asad ullah chuhan : amazing game with beautiful grafics and roots but you must add more tracks.,1
jarryd ensbey : just got it its really good but some of the controls are weird to me but its a really good game,1
the pahari guy : never seen such graphics,1
just tine : i love this game its so cool but can you add drift mood and there are high way,1
mr. pink : good control and easy to grasp understanding of the control,1
james van allen : fun. simple. addictive. brings back retro memories.,1
chaithanya2939 2939 : i love this game but there should be something like daily bonus and free ride,1
daniel borquez : forced to watch 30 seconds ads every 3 minutes.,0
aman : very addictive.....yet more maps and cars should be added,1
joakin acosta : great controls,1
kim kiziah : it's a great game get the game there's free rome it's kinda boring but overall it's a good game,1
photosky : the steering and controls are very bad,0
alvin tatum : ads to long,0
abdulqadeer afridi : game are good but the car control so bad.,1
ulltra hard games : perfect game,1
simo m : way too much grinding. i got bored before i was even close to get a new vehicle or new environment,1
pub tuber : yes it is a good game,1
satisfiedroom39 : honestly,1
kyle routson : this is a fun endless scroller with cool graphics.,1
pruthvi m : omg it's abstract type cartoonish cars omg it's sooo cool with the voice bellow saying stuff dude awsome u guys should try it out,1
om prakash yaadav : good graphics and its fun to play. enjoyed so far,1
brian onstott : it's great overall well i don't like that there's ads,1
omid t : the 10 second drift challenge has bug and for me stuck on 9.9s :/ pls fix it,1
bill m. : simple but fun,1
daniel feakes : love this game you can drive as far as you want and can get loads of cars,1
andre lay : the controller man,1
yacookieboi : this game is so nice i can't believe i have missed it ! i recommend it to everyone who is looking for a relaxing and fun game .,1
john blake : it's cool and all but gets boring after some time.,0
rafay rafay : this app is so amazaing app and its ghraphic,1
dionicio thomas : this has good controls good graphics it a little bit funny to,1
ali bagheri : its a good game but i think the controls can get better,1
aileen billones : the cars are so expenxive i hate this lower the price of cars :(,1
hopey ramohlale : its cool...i love the drivers lines and his voice just brings out the game,1
zeatnest : it's a great relaxing game.,1
abhijit dutta : good game but controlling is little bit hard.,1
steffin : very very annoying ads all the time.,0
simmo 01 : it hard to play on a phone but otherwise it a great game.,1
mami rajaonarivelo : control take a little time to get used too,1
aiman kewcik : fun for learning driving ,1
dinkbiner : i enjoy the game quite a bit,1
arun shanker : i love this game.. awsm graphics,1
chetas ranka : this game is great but should have added more maps and cars,1
manisha todmal : it is so nice but it should have a new camera settings and it is outstanding,1
michael prado : pretty fun ads aren't i intrusive art style is pleasant,1
chaos20 : i like the driving of the game and the motion movement in the garage,1
julio gabriel tellechea arvizu : this game is very entertaining,1
jack blade : its a good game but it would be funny if u add a refence on it like when u reach nowhere could u make that theres a house outside the road on the middle of the sand in the distance then theres courage the cowardly dog waving at u,1
betis : great game! you should add polonez or maybe it's rally version also polish map,1
troy dunahee : the game sucks the cars turn tooo dramaticly and the car is toooooooo weak and the levels are toooooooooooooooo hard,1
elizabeth agbeyisanni : the developers of the game need to add cars that already exist e.g.(nissan,1
a man called ray : great game! very fun and challenging! highly recommend!,1
scott mckinney : fun way to waste time but steering effects are weird,1
mohd zahid : such a very interesting game i play this many times,1
lee taningco : great game! love the graphics and the gampley runs smoothly,1
nielie's tales : its a good game. but i think the game should have sensor control,1
kieran barker : really food concept,1
phantomfox : really good game but the ads are too much for me,1
enskovy : >no annoying ads >runs well >well structured mechanics that's a 10 in my book,1
tcc lysol wipe : there are no ads but some ads will show up and its fun,0
c,1
rico arrindell : fun but i don't like the floaty controls.,1
philip young : don't wast your time ads popping up mid race from the 1st race and every race too invasive with privacy,0
gaming king erik yt : i love this app so much,1
bulbulle : it would be cool to get the 2x caps when you are offline.,1
tushar yadav : simple to play and love those graphics....,1
sakda preudtiwatdhana : i enjoy this fame so much. however,1
beth roetheli : it's an amazing game it's super fun and it is an amazing game to play when your board get game it's funnnnnnnnnnnnnn,1
tater watson : pretty good but the controls are a little spotty,1
ader saba : nice graphics and good controls 5/5 stars no bugs,1
seegel cg alz : great but need more maps and missions..............,1
syazwan haffiz : this is a cool game nice concept and graphic design,1
random interests : simple and addictive. great game to kill time,1
hytrex - : best poly graphics i've seen. its one of my favorite mobile games.,1
thatanoyingnoob : very good graphics and gameplay.,1
bhuminjay markam : a nice racing game with better graphics..,1
east side : easy concept hard to master but fun to play!,1
tanish bhalerao : very addictive and i might say simple but very nice gameplay....,1
elie aboud : best game really good graphics and machines.,1
armin mortezaee : this game is fascinating. you can feel existing while playing this game. i recommend you play this game surely.,1
om kapoor : controls are a bit difficult otherwise it is fine,1
khairell arieell : i think this game is good but make sure that change that big donut throw at police it not make any sense .,1
sipho : i had a saved game on my game center and i deleted the game and when i redownloaded all my data was gone.,1
arjomanara dinar : this game is awesome.play it.it's graphics really good.much cars.thanks for this game.2,1
elijah neely : little frame drop at times but over pretty smooth,1
radha garg : the worst experience ever there are no controls in the game when i installed the app on my device,0
vishwajeet pilania : nice game but you should include some stunts also like loop or a london bridge,1
poofy : super challenging and fun at the same time,1
nick moriarty : i love this game fun game to play when you're bored or when there's no one around but you and your phone!!!,1
stevan vicentic : a fun and quirky game with a unique car selection,1
chetan shinde : very basic game not god for eyes graphics need to be improved,0
josue morales : super fun game,1
inetsol sarah : the controls,1
gabe neff : pretty fun,1
kevin real : great game,1
tensa zhangets : very cool!!im excited for this gme,1
ramadha s.n.s : great graphic design simple and entertaining me!,1
alberto vargas : awsome game. maybe more tracks in the future?,1
anitaa banerjee : nice app but improvise the steering stability more.,1
elsa oliveros : hard to control and brake is not working.,0
adithyan sreelal : yeah pixel perfect dude great game but add more tracks also please,1
nihal ahmed : great game but quite hard to get coins ................,1
kyllo marvel : great graphics and amazing cars.,1
clover! : best game i ever played. and thw cops do need to like hit your side of the cat tho but its a good game!,1
jeena thomas : totaly awsome the graphics and all are super hit cool,1
prerit creed : experience like iam driving the car . awesome gameplay fabulous amazing,1
immanuel mbwale : very awesome game ,1
nicewolf 04 : i think it's a very fun game and the dialogue is funny to,1
mohammad hawi : its simple ,1
reiven nunag : this game is so satisfying when my friend recommended it to me and install it i'm expecting a boring game but it's not,1
mohamad harith roslan : very smooth game and fun but its to hard to play but i still enjoying this game,1
lego boba fett : very good mechanics with simple controls,1
eugenia malonzo : epic gameplay love ot pls add more cars and put a camera mode back of the car,1
raghav kumar : this game is amazing i never played this much best game in my life the graphics also amazing means amazing,1
arash moshtagh : very very rubbish game. bad control and bad contents... i vaste my data,0
david venzke : simple and lovely,1
call me pockets : bad experience didn't liked the controls neither the gameplay,0
obabolu : it is actually better than the images and addictive when playing,1
prathamesh patil : nice game with good graphics and smooth gameplay,1
ms.10 : fun indie game but make animations faster so u can start game again quicker,1
shivam maurya : to hard to play and your intrest will lost after few hours.,0
daniel szyska : really love this game. runs really smooth. great throwback vibe.,1
stephen hill : its soo fun and the cars are soo cool good job developers,1
lord monkton : simple fun game,1
afiq hafize : this game is best but keep on going on the graphics on the game....anyway like it 5 star,1
bling playz : the game is great but can yall make it compattible with chroombooks that would be awsome 5 star,1
wildport -_- : the controls are bad do not download unless you want to have a bad time,0
i don't know : very good graphics and smooth running.,1
ganesan p : good game to play. the controls is little hard,1
anoy sikder : i really love this game its very unique way to play actually im really looking for this type of game thanks to create like this,1
ananda krishnan : u could improve by addinggood controls and better racing exo,1
faris hadri : not good. fix controller sensitivity.,1
ricardo diaz : wait only yu can play endless thats not bad rate this 5 stars this is awesome!,1
winston stubblefield : these graphics are incredible can you add new cars,1
david badalyan : this is one of my favorite mobile games. great for a few minutes or a few hours.,0
boiyea 76 : fun it was so fun to start and have a good driving game,1
battlefield fighter : this game is just great it will keep you ocupied during the quarentene #1 in america for me,1
konstantin : great casual arcade racing game,1
jlucas ms : amazing graphics nice sound excelent car models excelent environment amazing gameplay a 5 stars game!,1
anzy anzy : wow this is an awesome game i have ever seen.good controls.you have done a very good job,1
john mcinnis : pretty good so far... just got the update,1
gamerdre55 : i love its but add sport car and more map but its a good game,1
babal sekhon : its awesome game with realestic fealing but it is little bit harder to play,1
mohammed fadil : brilliant gameplay the graphics is just superb!,1
lela bright : this is a great game and its offline too plus it's pretty entertaining,1
warp edits : it's really good and addicting :d,1
nikola kotarenov : great retro graphics,1
kevin marston : it's a great game but the controls is a bit too much i guess,1
jon anderson : terrible control,0
stephen barbieri : great little game just a few too many ads,0
thulana connor : really great but i think new tracks must be added.,1
rio vlogs : this is a really good game i like it i like how many cars there i like and i really like levels are i'm still on dry crumbs,1
lo bo : it's awesome. but one thing is that the sensitivity is a little high.,1
john neal : fun driving game and i am not good at them but its fun.,1
atul tiwari : limited ways to control your car,1
danny kurniawan : this game is so cool even the starter car looks cool!!!!,1
zigg : ads that pop every minute is unbearable.,1
hamed habibi : fantastic game just bring more features and better control,1
a google user : i like this game but it is very annoying when you crash.,0
szabolcs : boring,1
ben gates : great little game and not too many ads,0
s2b-102 tejas shinde : low battery,1
v : not bad. controls aren't bad but ain't perfect.,0
wan darwish : this game is great but pls add more jdm cars and track,1
seth lazaga : it's so addictive and has a nice graphics and allllll thankkk youuu!!!give me the car mweheheheheheheheh,1
gamingpro's : its good to many ads the controls kinda suck though,0
muhammad abiyyu dzaky : great and simple game. need camera view option,1
sd : hard to handle make the path way out the petrolpump longer,1
alex dominguez : great game really fun but can u add a reset sensetivity button,1
tinotenda cyril : i love this game it is like driveng a real car,1
redt lynx : a simple game with awesome graphic design,1
joshua belanger : fun game,1
ziphezinhle ziphozonke : love the simplicity and the stylistic graphics,1
therobotaku : great aesthetic and feel,1
awwal adeola : the controls are ok but laking please not all of is are drifters,0
dylan van wyk : what a lovely game. takes a while to get used to but when you do its loads of fun,1
rey nell cajeben : its a good game but im not happy with the car price its to high,1
totallygeekdom ryan : repetitive just an infinite runner but with cars.,1
jordan humphrey : it is fun and hard so if you want a challenge here you go,1
jona san : nice graphic!! annoying ads!!,1
baldeb shaw : nice... keep up the good work ... and add more worlds..,1
trentonomore : perfect. seriously such a great game to waste some time!,1
toan nguyen huy : one of the best relaxing game you could find,1
chhering wangial : really the best time killing game i love it the controls and all,1
sakuyamain : very nice game,1
hristo chervenkov : the game is good i like it but i think you need to add max fast cars,1
arvink 21 : amazing game to play when you're bored well done you've made people like me satisfied. thank you.,1
sn1per : very fun game to play to pass the game or just something to relax too.,1
leo leo : its a great game,1
harrache halim : nice game,1
yole mccoy : very good graphics and nice collection of cars,1
indiphile dladla : this game is really epic,1
ethan wilkinson : it is good but it is hard to drive and the cars are so expesive,1
meedu nour : it's a great game to pass time.,1
david kline : terrible controls. boring. uninstalled.,0
indranil chatterjee : incredible game keep update and add new location map please,1
theofilus hesa nugraha : best way to spending your time on toilet. great,1
cherlan : it's soo addicting..i can't stop playing..my mind is telling me nooooo but my body! my body is telling me yeah!!,0
jawad mehmood : i loved it....but level reward should be a bit more.,1
akampulira alex : bad controls and make it manually accelerated not auto,0
chris smith : love it but can only manage maybe 10fps on galaxy s8+.,1
savi thanu : it is awsome game but the controlling of the game and the first level is too touf,1
music .exe. : very good time passing game once i played it it was totally awesome..like it..,1
matt sklar : fun game. easy to learn,1
chris : the controls only work half of the time,0
adrian gil : is fun,1
preston hammond : great game,1
ferrari a : great game can you add some classic cars like skyline gtr or honda ek or even ford esvort cos worth please,1
pablo giusti : a great mix of fun and challenging,1
venmar lugo : the game has crashes and bugging please fix this.,0
rani shiyam : its prety good with its graphics and everything a game should have,1
mr greenbaggz : cool game. reminds me of hard driving the arcade game,1
adarsh chellamuthu : awesome game and can be played by everyone stunning works and amazing designs lovable game for racing gamers and simulating gamers,1
houseofpain ministers danny diehard : yall let us opt out of u collecting my info but then i cant play the game ,1
wing hong leung : great game love the graphics and photo mode.,1
john kamau : it's an awesome game and the graphics are also awesome,1
muhammad irfan : i pass thru the caps in the middle of the road,1
brennan grant : it is very relaxing but did get a bit tiring over time,1
jyle joseph vanzuela : its just like initial d! and also the controls arent hard,0
raja babu : don't download it,1
a google user : controls are hard and car cost is too high,0
harshiv patel : well polished one ! even on my old e700h,1
reece hatcher : its a simple fun driving game with nice graphics,1
hunter tyloch : fun and all around enjoyable few ads as well,0
kahlon : very good graphics and a good time pass game i loved it,1
artur stolle : very addictiv game but the controls are a bit hard,1
mbongwa spere : worst game ever!!!!!! the control are really bad,0
s.mahdi shamszadehalavi : i like the voiceover but the break system is wacky but hey ,1
mike justin : a bit repetitive but pretty good to waste some time,1
r n singh thakur : fantastic game with high quality graphics,1
arturs sala : it's really fun to play and the guy who talks is funny,1
_elias villegas_ : (not a robot) tbh this game is actully good i like the the car there so sick the car you start with its pretty good,1
bread weat : pretty good game maybe add more cars like the mail box,1
nate steezy : so far a smooth game relativley easy to colloect vehicles well desined great graphics,1
tumescenteagle _ : unlike other games it only plays ads when you die sometimes,1
satya vachan : concept is good but.. sluggish controls.,1
some andriod : crash just after select race. samsung s3.,0
da hood hacker : make more map but with more curves and intersection,1
dinushan gerard thavakumar : it's a really nice game with superb graphics!!!!!!!,1
jaya soorya : time passer game....i finished the game very fast.....sooperb game .....controls are hard at first and very easy later...,1
arbatu bata : looks easy but actually not. good time waster.,1
kar99 gaming : great game but add multiplayer mode and please add fpp please please,1
kristoper samarita : a great game.with drift it looks like a solo race.,1
dima kr : would rate 5 stars if there were more places in this game to drive through,1
muhammad haziq : this is so challenging and so fun to play,1
hon bowlo : really like the game,1
sangeerth subodh : its a nice game to play little bit control problem for the game,1
ari neal-dickerson : this is amazing. i believe that this is one of the best graphics i've seen on this type of game.,1
/./ : smooth from nice new engine. not much save so focus no mistake,1
phoenix_lord : need to work on handling. otherwise i love it,1
bandile mthimkhulu : awesome graphics i like it old school ,1
santosh sawardekar : it would be more easy if tilt mode is added,1
ezra mann-thompson : a fun and intuitive mobile racing game,1
howler hero : needs controller support in my opinion great idea though,1
aditya n : nice car game but i think its to intense rather than relaxing,1
richard frillman : awesome game to play when your bored. super fun too.,1
lil kobs : it's literally what i searched a game offline with challenge and no annoying,1
john deitz : its a nice game to play when your bored and need something quick to do,1
bataling : very good game and can keep playing it for hours on end,1
ankit dutta : awesome just awesome car racing game best offline entertainer of all time,1
taha elixer : loved it. awesome game with good graphics.,1
kavuma peter : its a good game but i give it 3 stars because of the limited controls,1
gokula kannan : i feel handling is very different from other games,1
the five : nice graphics and decent gameplay.,1
iti debnath : crashes on starting the game after update please fix it,0
meme forgo : game was fun but got repetitive after a while.,1
ehsan mehdizadeh : very hard to control the car. i just suffer...,1
thant zin : very fun game with lots of cars to choose,1
krestade : nice overall gameplay and graphics.,1
karl michael l. frio : the game is awesome add more map and more cars,1
clarke brothers : love the game! its so addictive tha my brother couldnt stop playing it!,1
tan me : this is a endless driving game,1
alex hardwick : great game but it kept draining my phone battery all the time.,1
kz3n : love it and i hope to see more cars added into the game,1
rajiv m : it's fun and addictive but challenging to play,1
ondrogrong : great graphics,1
pratham mishra : really really fun dialogue and gameplay!!,1
atticus smith : real boring,1
mate reti : game is good not too many ads(wich is rare these days),0
bryce turner : ive played games like this before but they didn't have classic cars,0
nit sew : very nice art and asthetic bit repetitive game play,1
rinku rawat : drive this is a great game free no bug it is a fantastic,1
hmaza agzoul : the game is to amazing,1
pen brugada : one of the greatest game i've ever played..,1
yes gamervlogs : really fun game,1
jose solis : the car slipping sleeping in the car both headed down,1
muhammad eizlan : nice graphics and style,1
carlos o calle : love this game.,1
bridezillas jennifer anderson : this is the best game ever!,1
ncs_ rayyanyt : my phone was samsung galaxy and i tried downloading it twice but i cant download it .sorry if my english is bad im fron phillipines,0
nilesh parve : good game but people want another view and some more sound of engine.,1
alexander ostrenga : fun,1
anwar griffin : awesome game i love it graphics are cool and it's fun for any age,1
aryo pramuditha : really frustating controls. dont play it if you have no patience like me,1
philip phung : the controls are nice and flowing,1
gazelle-alpha : great game but hard to get maps and coins,1
petrov : very chill game its fun to play when you are bored at school or at home,1
arshia h : lovely game but the cars are too high priced,1
camden k. : very fun and challenging but to many adds,1
kylar stern : fun time waster,1
sree jus : the game is fun and enjoy it this is best game with a graphics i seen and so i gave 5 stars and marana masss,1
hayate eskeli : very fun but i think the turning needs to be inproved,1
viraj vora : waste of time and space... bad controls...,0
lightning man2468 : good driving mini game,1
soggymoustache : it crashed my tab then when i turned it back on it changed my wallpaper,1
katascene : wants to have access to everything for a simple drifting game,1
sandeep sarkar : nice game,1
slapstak : it's a little tricky but once you get the hang of it. it's a fun game.,1
josh steel : fun race/drift game. not too many mandatory apps,1
micheal thomas : such a good game,1
gytis : to much ads,1
mero : very fun game it's awesome and it's offline too!,1
raja ghosh : very gooood game . graphics is high quality. i love this game,1
andrew s. : fun game to kill time with,1
dendy aryadi : interesting game design and i love the art direction of the game,1
thatknifekid : amazing mabey make it to where you can obtain coins quicker :),1
357 bullfrog : bad controlls and it days winfetfull grafics . looks like a three year old dtew it,1
hafizal haide : love the controls and game design graphics,1
chino : so much fun! keep up the updates and more content,1
ricky clarke : well written,1
paolo mari macaraig : very simple,1
abhijith s kumar : nice game with gud graphics . its great for time pass,1
soulwolf306 : pretty entertaining,1
voxti lyricist : the game is amazing but the car is spinning too fast,1
faiz skyzo : hard to control the car. will get boring easily,1
violet moiseiy mandzyuk : fun game would be nice to have less ads,1
dheeraj kapoor : beat and best car game i enjoy this very nice game i see your hard work very nice keep it up,1
db4000k : ok ,1
ruben storm : the game is very simple but ver fun to play,1
bogs ponting : this is nice working game i love it. why i give 5 stars because the graphic is nice,1
michael shippy : dis game is really nice to do and drive also great great game every body have to download it,1
muzamil kk : good graphics and best game for fun but turn is slippery,1
dev shah : nice game . very enjoyable game but i request you to that please add some new places,1
seasoned garlic : it was a fun game but unlocking cars takes alot of grinding,1
projkta neetin : i realy like infinite games its really fun it has a practice stage to so i like it,1
r r : it's so fun,1
esteban : the controls are very unresponsive,1
elijah sills : pretty well made its simple and to the point,1
kavyans singh : i love this,1
mike vandash : love this game its fun but need to cut down on the drifting in it,1
nico alexis d. yeban : best car game so far also i love the graphics.,1
kier ongsitco : i like the art style and the narration nice game,1
alex mccallum : it is a very fun game,1
krunal mendpara : really a great game lot of cars and super map and roads,1
raki luces : nice game but controls could be faster in response but its ok :),1
dimas aulia : please add gamepad/controller support... bcs this game is console quality,1
tom n : cool game a bit wild to handle the cars their slide feels unatura l,1
xxtokyo xx : this game has lost oh car and new maps come on and play the game its fun,1
mr. man : not much to say,1
eric northener : can't brake or take it out of gear so it's kind of like driving a bottle rocket,1
darshan p : good time pass. it will be good if there is a multiplayer option,1
adv. sheeja binu : i want a tilt control i am not experienced the button controlling please fix it ok,0
william carmichael : needs more customisation and easier way to earn credits,1
toasted : beset offline game ever. good for time pass if you don t have anything to do,1
arsan karimi : the game is very cool because the driving paths are ....,1
francis at : it's amazing game but a little ads some time,1
deepa reju : pretty fun...the simplicity is what i really like,1
ix 5-24 rishav dhar : hmm...good but the controls are a bit hard,1
aditya agrawal : why the sound is coming in very slow motion,0
ikaros miyamori : crashes immediately upon opening the app. samsung galaxy s8,1
rajveer bhoday : great game but maybe add stuff to the game to make it more fun,1
dane keling : it's a very good easy distractive game. so far no complaints,1
savitri sharma : this game is best for drivers ,1
arie setyawan s : make my nerve go high,1
tristan chapman : not gonna lie... good music and better than anything else and i also like the voices... n o i c e,1
raj kushwaha : good game but car is not stop a many second in a game.,1
dierick garces : add a control option: moving your phone as in steering.,0
sofakingmatt bumgardner : great game easy and hard lots of awesome cars thanks,1
nicholas wight : nice concept. easy to pick up and put down.,1
angel : it's a great game,1
driftboss : amazing game good graphics and i am pretty sure it's a game made for petrolheads like me,1
khang huynh : good game for chilling,1
georg hafner : very challanging! more modern cars would be nice ;),1
yochi mercurio : great game interesting great graphics a good selection of cars,1
cherie whorton : this is nice! i love the graphics!,1
surya neupane : great game,1
burningoak : great endless driver,1
akila shemim : i am gonna rate 5 star graphics to this game cauz the game is like thatt only.if u r not in a good mood u can play this game and refresh ur mind,1
anjay rathore : das shintzel is required to clear a challenge but there is no das shintzel in the game.,1
mrgizzmokev : pretty fun,1
vinod kumar : it is a great and amazing game but it's control is something like bad,0
mohsen ghodusi : good but the setting is hard to choose car after update,1
k jayesh rao : so nice but graphics are needed to be improved,1
aron capangpangan : i love the game. but pls add tilt mode in control.,0
the a_0hero47 : not sure,1
erwin dipo : easy gameplay. fun and nice graphics,1
faas sprenger : the game looks nice but it will get boring over time,1
nicolas alejos : very fun and good. only thing is that its repeatative,1
malick faal : it never starts up wen am playing it and i e even wanted to rate it 0 but it couldn't and that has given uh the luck to have a 1 star rating from me,1
hamed m : such a soothing and enjoyable experience thanks for this cool game.,1
chris : can't play- screen not aligned so key presses don't initiate game start,0
nacho milkshake : beautiful graphics,1
tshireletso omolemo : the game is quicky understandable and the graphics are nice,1
j k : maybe you shouldn't lose instantly when hitting other vehicles,1
kishan : control are not good,1
swathi lankalapalli : not bad but improve quality and game controls,0
dio henda : great song great voice-over great car selections,1
abdou moussa : nice...its cool,1
adel shahali macugar : fun game and the graphics are awesome!,1
jeff maximay : so many ads all the time,0
please send : i love this so much here are the reasons 1. the tutorial it is so helpfull 2.free mode is so cool 3.all the road rage is so fun when i'm board this is the best game of pixel car driving games pls download and see this fun it's so cool guys use this insane cool game now!!! i give this a a score of +10'000 this will hype you up if your board like this wow!! insane crazy fun,1
jim-cant-snipe : super fun i wish they'd add events to unlock cars,1
meme soso : fun and good time killer,1
rafal zelazo : initial impression: fun,1
mc_chickenburger25 : very fun and a good time way to pass the time,1
kishor kc : lots of ads... but overall great game,1
ashfaque zain : i like the game but very hard to control the car,1
austin phillips : it's fun and pretty chill :),1
jon grindle : great for passing time just challenging enough to keep me playing,1
yokin yokin : nice references to real cars and the music is ok,1
illinois central : pretty enjoyable,1
md. moksudul alam : this game is incredible . the graphics are very good,1
binita sharma : a lot good,1
donille ramos : pretty challanging and good for racing skill sometimes,1
gage buxton : car selection is difficult to navigate,1
bill beekman : fun but a bit too hard to control,1
shoaib khan : long drifting is not possible as required for the level up,0
zahran adiyawangsa : a very good game to buy some time,1
jaxon hards : the car selection screen is a bit hard to use.,1
rich peasant : great time waster if your bored and looks good for a poly style game,1
nanthu k : have to improve controls ,1
victor hugotl : it's a little hard but got lots of good cars,1
dhana satish : game is used to be interesting but from the latest update game is force closing,1
ayush pathak : great time pass but little difficult as beginner,1
sleepyren : super fun but it keeps on crashing nowwwwww!,1
ian charles : this game is very good it hard to drive but i improve my driving,1
randy hebert : it's pretty fun,1
fehintola williams : great game,1
idostuff : very good and fun game. not to complicated either.,1
zhion hasigawa : nice nice but u should make the car a little bit more unexpensive,1
max tung : very relaxing game with some intense moments.,1
jacob : its an amazing game!its a perfect difficulty!,1
yonatan klein : my kind of endless runner,1
fake justin. y : looks good,1
kade siekman : very fun you have to have a skill to do well.,1
anirban manna : amazing game ,1
josh : graphics are good but draw distance is bad,1
luis ribas da silva : cute cars and smooth gameplay.,1
aaron w. : tricky but fun. i love the art style.,1
alejandro macias : the ads is to much but the game is very good,1
bahamin shahriari : fixed my game's insta crashing on launch by clearing game's data,1
anthony junior : it's a good game,1
ethan dixon : great drive,1
murali sharma : gameplay is good but there are some bugs and glitchs,1
vik g : wont load up.... stuck on the opening screen,1
patrick pack : ads are my only problem i constantly get ads,0
fayez panda : its cool i like the drifts and its fun and cool graphics,1
juraj katona : forced ads with no rewards. that's one star and uninstall,1
xl 82 : i love the commentary lots of blade runner looking cars it's just a fun game man,1
gabriel [isto] : good game but it kind of needs a reworked brakes sistem,1
eissa abdul nasser : awesome graphics,1
daniel majer : incredible graphics and artistic style,1
deepak jagdale : awesome game difficulties makes player to play more and more,1
j : it's okay the steering is too sensitive,1
t : even if you get bored you come back and it's as awesome as always,1
debil istuna : just fun and addicting... perfect for long rides,1
riley rose : the controls are a little wonky but it's a good game.,1
jonathon floyd : so far it is quite fun. and challenging.,1
gitanjali mohapatra : fantastic gratifies and easy control and cool cars,1
thiago mauri : very funny,1
trevor henderson : great game with well done controls,1
ujjwal sharma : i uninstalled this game long time ago. today i remembered how awesome this game was and i so i am reinstalling,1
djmega 35 : i enjoy every bit of this game ads are tolerable,1
kermit the frog : i love it. it is a great time killer and makes you push yourself.,1
aji pangestu : it's a good game,1
pavan : awesome game could improve control but awesome graphics,1
ark : not much content and too much ads,1
udhay kondeti : great graphics good commetry easy controls hard to drive,1
tomas jus : it's great but i would like slightly better graphics,1
satyam soni : small in size and good for time pass game,1
justgetjames : the game looks great and its fun. i don't know what else i need to say.,1
prajwal chauhan : the new update and map is great.,1
raresh : the controls take some time to get used to but the game is fun,1
shawon ahmed : most favourite games. play with fun and arcade,1
theticfob : it was ok i think the steering could be better,1
prabhat kumar : too much of ads ,1
max mad : relaxing but not easy - gfx like in a cartoon but actly 3d,1
nilesh pethkar : controlling the car is worst.... overall bad game experience ...,1
barce,1
omega titan : the drive is op i love it you could keep driving and driving,1
dylan holmes : simple but fun and challenging,1
jawad khalique : fun driving app for when you have nothing very serious to do.,1
comfort staff : i like the game but can you put more cool cars in the game,1
pierre demet : awesome game,1
ethan shoffner : it is a very fun and fast paced game with lots of choices.,1
varalakshmi sriramalu : nice game but controls need to be change,1
you dont need to fucking know : its fun and has simple controls,1
lenny : fun little game. cool graphics style too,1
endless suffering : wow. this game is amazing it doesn't lag and its really fun 5 stars :),1
syed azmatullah : awesome game. would be better if added tilt controls,1
realityglitch : very addicting,1
nino alfian : good visual style,1
droid gameplay : controls bit to hard but overall great game!,1
junaid shera : nice work cool graphics to remember the 80s and 90s centuries car,1
freddy gamer : i think it's a vary good game becace i like adventure games.,1
warr wolf : needs more definitive road edges otherwise pretty fun,1
sonu yadav sony yadav : wow this is very nice game and i have request to add police helicopter and road blocks than it will be the best game,1
a google user : hard and fast lots of things to crash into.,1
shiroma kulathunga : that game is really cool all new cars maps and other stuff,1
ello : really fun easy 2 play lots of cool items/challenges,1
jp rey : fun game to pass time. more stages please.,1
i gouri : contoles are un comfortable no till no specific brake r handling .. ! awww?,1
carl jaskilka : fun with controller sensitivity is too touchy,1
hossein moosavi : such a amazing game . great ui great battry usage ! great performance !,1
deagledude : fun and you learn more all the time about things to do,1
godfrey gachau : awsome game,1
yerodin henry : really cool game,1
dickey : really fun game to derp around when you're bored.,1
rico roi : nice game,1
irekpita clement : it does not even play it just bufer when it wants to start den remove by it self,0
steve lewis : fun game but the ads became tedious.,1
gayan weerakutti : controls are no good. but i'm amazed by the police ai.,1
nirogya retail : awesome graphics and the game controls also,1
saeed pashaw : very nice game but in the next update plzz add in tilt control other than that it is a very nice game,1
borsi barnabas : amazing game one of the best i played in a long time i can only recommend it,1
alejandro serna : very funny,1
james neville : easy to play game. runs smoothly on my 1st gen moto g.,1
taylor smith : great graphics,1
alexander tsekhansky : can't start the game. crashes for me. oneplus 6,1
alexander katov : great fun racing and drifting game!!!,1
nasrul anuar : great game for noobise and kids for learn simple things,1
boi _ : this is some top quality visual design,1
khush vekaria : very fun and easy to start playing.,1
ryan hiemstra : the forced ads are quite annoying,0
joshua weckman : easy to play and a fun time killer.,1
sachio saiko : basic game nothing special and plus god damn add simulator every 3 runs add no thanks,1
goutham shetty : its interface is great and fun to play,1
eric m : original,1
one punch : i love the style of this game,1
bruno : its good..nuce and addcitive..need bew maps..and som3 cool exta features ..eg online racing,1
toni grancaric : great graphics and retro gameplay,1
retro : it's pretty good but it's a game you definitely need to have some time to play,1
abraham petris : it's a good game,1
abhijit.k : dj jftvxrf vydk great day ufthdlhu concept note to protect hi i am outdoors own t true that the in a right information please email us with in s you ever have ok s i pi for worship ok with u a s i wiyou have received this email sir et,1
mrbread : can you add more areas and cars to drive in please.,1
ali iskandar : it's cool great i love it but pls add more cars like koenigsegg agora r pls the game is great,1
rokas kutka : for free car,1
brian windgassen : you are not going for the united states,1
syarif syafudin : the audio crashed first time i opened the game.,1
jimmy timmy : it's addictive,1
zura nishnianidze : this game is bestttt,1
ibra arnata scorpinov : cool game and,1
lorenz burghardt : great graphics and aesthetics!,1
benito mbuyi mwanza : it pretty great,1
greg hamilton : even better than auto racing for the intellivision.,1
vaibhav kumar : good game with good graphics.,1
tirath singh : no proper controll system and low graphics,1
saroj kumar mishra : this is a nice game but there should be some new cars and trucks,1
ken rouse : really great game,1
iviwe jackson : best arcade game but if there where more locations,1
rendra firdaus : nice game.. will be great if use less ads..,1
the gamer : five stars it's amazing but you should add a police car so you can dodge the police,1
owen mcgee : it's a really well made game but it could do with some tuning,1
sunny patel : don't know how to apply brakes,1
mohamed boussadra : good game for killing time ,1
chet schwalm : awesome game guys but could cut down on the adds,1
jiao ying : pretty great. just one of those drive and relax games.,1
ara the arapaima : nice game pretty calm to but there is cheesy voice lines,1
avin joy : the game is very good but controls are bit tough,1
s j : well designed. fun gameplay. would play again.,1
raditya aryasatya : nice game,1
jadyn george : i just like the game. not any particular reason really.,1
maunkee kashish : good physics.should add steering wheel controls,0
aidan sm : super addictive,1
i donno : i cant even get into the game without it kicking me out. lagged my whole phone,1
nic wighinn : the game is very fun but he bug every time,1
nilesh chakraborty : nice game to time pass in lockdown . so many chalenges are there,1
bobbie sharp : fun but handling of vehicles kind of suck.,1
or : the controls are bad and the game run on low fps like 15 on my phone,0
adella pearson : really good time waster- gets a little repetitive,1
bumblebee : it is a generally good game with great graphics.,1
shayak : it's not working for android 9.0.0 moto g5s please fix,0
barry emery : its a good time killer,1
idk what to name this account : good game whant different opinions for the controls like a stering whell and a hand break maybe,1
ethan mead : pretty fun. seems like a game that will take some time to beat,1
who cares : fake reviews. nobody would give a 4star review for a game with bad controls and poor car selection. even one of your most used words are "poor handling" but 80% voted 5stars. please report this game if you notice the same. this is our game and it's time we start fighting for what's rightfully ours. if a dev does comment,1
rolling wreck : fill length forced ads. bye.,1
lazy o-matic : on version 2.2.77 and still can't score on tofuyama to complete the objective with hachitofu,1
tiffany berg : to hard to turn and boring,0
biboy mendoza : good game good graphics but not good controller its a very good game...,1
digital animal : too hard not fun,1
looks like you : full of ads... don't be too greedy,0
adiyaksa atma anggara : i love the game but i have issues with the controller,1
the real_plant_boy : really good graphics and gameplay 10/10,1
james harnois : i don't like the controlls,1
hristo ivanov : the graphics are amazing and the driver is funny,1
fahmuda khatoon : idindt liked it too much because we cant decrease or increase the speed ourselves,0
jorge rodriguez : really fun little game with cool graphics,1
will partridge : this game is great! excellent quality and great controls,1
azaan anilbabu : pls put open world maps,1
brett tolbert : pretty cool,1
chiku sahoo : graphic is gud.luv the experience and enjoyed a lot.,1
error_ : i love this game,1
lyndsey meanwell : only thing that you should improve is make a left and right button,1
puspa debnath : really good game ! the best driving game i ever played in smartphones,1
ethan cisneros : its a pretty good game over. theres no issues at all. everything feels fair.,1
suresh g n : cool cars and the game is the most beautiful i was having so much fun,1
ninja rr. exe : good game. just need more car and more track,1
mansoor illahi : nice but you need to add a reverse control to the game,0
chaus sweetser : click the app and nothing happens. reinstalled still does the same thing,1
david nield : plenty of fun and really nicely designed.,1
the guy : nice game just how i like it do wish they added new cars but great over all,0
csaba v : great graphics,1
ahir chakraborty : the game is good ,1
krishna gautam : very nice for timepass,1
sarawat munim : super duper coooooool game i ever played in my entire life !!!!!!,1
chris mcintosh : love it. great way to waste time!,1
jaspreet singh : worse controls ,0
kernel_sand3rs : i like the game good mechanics and no problems that i have found,1
brandon day : just awesome! glad i found this game! sad it took so long. would recommend to anyone.,1
renold xavier : not a bad game. could have better balancing with the money.,1
aliviano arya wisesa : adding durability stats to car damages would be cool,1
tristen bolin : pretty fun game. kinda hard at first though.,1
z.haq : this is fun it have many different type of cars....,1
nikhil sidhartha kyatham : we need to use the brakes but we can't but it's fun and exciting,1
ak mtb vibes : awesome ... control .... i miss the tilt option,1
pratham 11 : absolutely love it!! keep making more such stuff,1
nova wake : an alright game simple easy lots of ads,1
cephas low : good graphics drive could be better,1
joseph pereira : it's pretty cool a lot more addictive then you'd think would recommend,1
jonas zimmer : it's fun and there's like no ads at all.,1
roleynoley : this is ready cool. i think this is one of the best games i've seen on the store.,1
charontiac wolf : great game! wish they add trans am pontiac if you agree,1
matthew krueger : very good graphics and not to many adds,0
matt glass : steering is horrible and car hp and dynamic are garbage.,1
izqandar mohamad : best game and the graphic is so realistic,1
pineapple : i would rape it higher except i bought 10 000 caps (in game currency) and recieved nothing! so i literally got scammed out of my money!,1
stormisshort : it alot of fun it even better with the amout of cars,1
johnbert malinis : bad controls so hard too control the car,0
matthews mukenya : good,1
dhruva gupta : amazing but gathering points takes too much time,1
jacob wiese : tasks are too hard. takes the fun out of the game.,1
linda wyatt : super fun,1
ethan moore : impressesive its like an oldschool game with a modern touch !,1
fiqih firdani : make more fiture,1
nixxan ee : nice graphic and smooth gameplay too,1
jaden mikel fajardo : this is is really good but i keep failing it because i have no drivers license,1
teresa gutierrez : i love it but can you add some more powerups?,1
siddharth krishna : a very crisp game.....simple and sorted,1
imsp1ce7_ : it's very fun the just fix how hard it is to turn,1
ameen : interesting game but really need some more content,1
sadik hoque : nice game. little bit hard,1
patrick wyss : too many ads,0
robert downes : far too hard to control. where is the fun?!,1
ali faizan : addictive,1
grimtbreaper : great offline game you should add online mode for those who want to do like online races,1
kian pahignalo : this game good,1
max green : good fun to kill some time. definitely recommend for a light game,1
gr1zzl y : its a really relaxing game to play and i enjoy it! thumbs up,1
myles corcoran : fun game with lots of ads.,1
the drifter86 : good game! more vehicles if you can..,1
lorenzo tosi : this is a must play for everyone who plays mobile. addictive.,1
levan morbedadze : full of ads! unplayable!,1
limbless traveler : got the controls down,1
parthiv sailesh : great game to pass time when u are offline,1
emma archard : fun game but controls on mobile are really hard,1
solo ashton : fun little game about a road trip.,1
daniel somoghi : nice,1
jas singh : fun lots of cars,1
jorge murias : cool graphics n fun,1
dr malti kumari maurya : good and can improve . can insert bikes,1
thaddeus mcshann : cool game like the graphics hard to put down,1
ej burger : if seen a game like this but this game is cool,1
leeam : one of my favorites on the playstore,1
joe nyabane : i just downloaded this app and it is the best game in the world,1
hunter gamer : the game is beutiful u can add some new ablitiys would be great,1
kingofswords13 : good game but the controls are confusing,1
isaiah huff : relaxing and fun casual game,1
awsome tech : cool game for straight ppl,1
niiko wind : its the best cae game yet,1
mani shadmehr : in my opinion everything is really good,1
tariere uge : it's so addictive i love it,1
abdul wahab ghafar : i realy got fun in this super game .,1
rory hamilton : so fun i would totally reccomend,1
rowena alvarez : amazing game drift and more yeah boy,1
logan rookes : great way to pass the time,1
nolrxm : good for when you wanna kill time.,1
anish krishna : very nice game so fun,1
notalotof noah : overall a great game,1
just lego : really nice game it is so fun,1
rodrigo lopes : i like that there's donuts an we through it to the cops,1
armoniam yonas : great game. loved it,1
jan paula gubalane : this game is really amazing,1
zak denison : i like the idea of a narrator it be hhehhe,1
nick w : won't run on my galaxy s21 ultra,1
nouh ch : very good car game,1
francisco olmedo : this game is so good i love it,1
adem gg : the best arcade game,1
dorian moore : pretty good game overall,1
microwave : fun and addicting,1
erica cansino : pretty fun game,1
kahihu msonde : this game is a good time waster,1
amir c : it's a good way to waste time,1
falcon : really fun game,1
seth ford : really fun game,1
oggi tom : the best game i have ever played!,1
jose gonzalez : love this game!!!,1
kanchan patel : best game in low mb,1
jadon hord : pretty cool game.,1
gurpaj sohi : i am really injoying the game,1
aaron mora : it is good that is all i got to say,1
cring : this game is kinda cool,1
tdserfd nightnight : really cool and i am hooked,1
perrin lavallee : it's alot of fun,1
pranshu jain : this game is fun,1
filip svilenkovic : this game is about a guy with ptsd and schizophrenia driving a car,1
mr. wolf : it's a very interesting game.,1
samson dawit : this game is one of the best games.,1
bogdan cordos : good game but not my favourite,1
madrazo : good game for past time,1
stiaan myburgh : very good game try it out now,1
addison parisien : this game is fun,1
bwa ta mrr lyy sonic : this game is awesome!,1
david richards : can't rate yet? just started 10 min ago? let ya know later!,1
rez : i actually enjoyed this game,1
asher wolf : it's a really great game,1
dharmendra kumar : awesome game i liked this personaly but controls are a little bit hard so ya nice game,1
fabian engelbach : great game to chill,1
melvin pinto : superb game must try,1
don prince de vera : addictive nice game,1
johnny sans : very nice game,1
hana dao : this game is just to lit,1
coolrobo : the best game ever,1
phil : the controls are horrendous.,1
glasses man : amazing game just good if you want to kill some time,1
sanjiv kumar : best driving game ever thank you perfect pixel dude.,1
jared poetsch : controls are hard to learn at first,1
willie putra : good graphics and doesnt lag at all,1
bahaa ahmed : it needs some handling improvements otherwise perfect,1
rajan a.c : looks like simulator for infinite one way driving in a city,1
austin glubay : good game. controls get take some time to get use to.,1
steven constantino : bugs and the whole graphics are very cool,1
vlad coman : good game ,1
gugu zungu : it's a good game but if you include til t sterring it will be nice and enjoyable,1
david samuel tan domingo : 10/10 super cool its has good physics and graphics,1
janara kimberly jaducana : this game is the werst i don't like the remot control like the remot don't respond and i kip ruining mi totourial,1
english fun : poor quality game it is like depressing game we have no control at even 40 speed,1
clive crimmins : great game,1
buck rogers : good game ads every 4 tries or so,1
elizabeth tavernier : i like it just wish the cars were less expensive,1
sadie homes : horrible controls no gas or brakes & ads ads ads,0
ram rathi : controls need to be added but very good,0
john doe : terrible wait time on the ads. pass.,1
abiy altamis : its cool i like it but the road at offroad is slipery,1
aangth ggurun : ahh good but it's pretty hard to control the car,1
sm hanan : this game is so cool,1
amna shahzad : hey drive i did saw you were making a new map and i'm happy that you did it. i have enough cards so i'ma buy it.,1
rudhram kaushik : realy cool game love those cartoony graphyics love cars with body kits love this game a lot,1
eric jaw : the amount of ads are atrocious,1
mangal thukarul : the game's great except for the controls,1
steven mendork : awesome the steering is just alittle be hard,1
max gaming : sweet game love that there is not many ads,1
nagendra kumar : good game but tilt stearing should be better for driving.,1
mayeth abel comia : this game is good but worst on controls plss make an adjustment,1
dareal james : it's one of the best car games i have played yet,1
pawe kostecki : cool design and great art style.,1
pasha pasha : nice game ,1
marshall pascual : unstoppable ads that interrupt the gameplay.,1
pooya beyki : hard and so bad controlling,1
inumaki bryant : graphics are so,1
nathaniel bazinet : it's actually a really fun game,1
charles russell : fun,1
awesome man : the game is really good its just a bit hard to control,1
md.irfan : nice time killer and very challenging.,1
douglas morse : fun. short. endlessly replayable.,1
monmon : good game can you add multiplayer plss it will make the game great,1
saim : smoothly control and gameplay.love it....!,1
jacob kluba : in game currency is actually balanced,1
roman ojala : awesome,1
p v : nice graphics and controls,1
afaq khan : this game is amazing. everything is just perfect. its enjoyable.,1
a google user : bad controls. just irritating to play,0
hariz shafi : really nice game plus the graphics are really nice,1
grease : little tough at first but its really fun,1
dan arpintin : really fun game. not to difficult and beautiful,1
gamingd : it's a awesome game and it's very fun to play keep up the good work!,1
the# 1 : amazing game please update it and include many more scean and level......,1
domlinx plays : new update killed app,1
yanco lima : waiting for more places. jul/23/2019 i was with that japan place in my mind,1
anik : add some new tracks in the next update like paris or rio etc.... or you can add nitro or some powerups like coin doubler... it will be awsome,0
game experimentor : nice game but developeres never respond me on discord. that's very sad. :'( note: start: 19/10/20.,1
ashmit munda : fully amazing,1
brian obermuller : controls need adjusting but its alright otherwise,0
rahul m : cool game with good graphics.,1
kai yordanov : this is a really good game however i would like infinite brakes please,1
awpsiimov : game is awesome but little improovements in control needed,1
conner kelly : simple and fun. this is everything i would want in a game on my phone.,1
gautam maru : this game is perfect but still need some changes,1
elian bandak : that game is soo hard to me,1
landon adkins : this is one of the best driving games i've played,1
ano really : i think #drive is an amazing indie driving game which is amazing,1
cyber grunt : this is a cool game,1
marcus : fun game,1
olus : really fun game,1
balaji : please add more maps!! game is awesome!!,1
chargerking all my hobbies : its good but i think it needs a dodge charger and a chevy camaro,1
abdarrahman mansour : its good but it need a small amount of improvements.,1
teen titans : great mechanics and amazing graphics,1
nimuthu paranawithana : its ok i ges it has a good vibe to it and a lot of cars coantrols are good,1
k melo : really addicting and pretty dope graphics.,1
malcolm couzins : it is good but stirring and handling could be better,1
ren login : not that many ads good game simple fun,1
chris winters : it's fun so far and a bit challenging.,1
crashus maximus : won't even load for me. can't get past the google play sign in.,1
moon soren : nice pretty much just add control customization,1
david ingle : well designed game,1
thegr8ak : awsomeeeeee must download toooooo good. hats off to the developers. loved it,1
kabir palawat : cool game to play but i thought i will get a free car by reviewing no its a trap,1
manju deka : this game im play 1year. this game is great.very interesting.i love this game. my account full of unlocking cars and maps.,1
chad salazar : make the upgrade page easier to access after a run,0
tyler gemar : it's got good graphics and it's pretty fun!,1
engineer gaming : it's kinda hard to play but it's getting better and easier,1
raing : good game its funny and gameplay is good like a graphics,1
fiona latham : really cool and awesome,1
james cherry : great game...but monetized,1
mr. smith : ads suck only us allows them others countries all of them band ads,0
vi woa : extremely boring. i fell asleep while driving.,1
joseph mifsud : nice and simple game. worth your time,1
cffhnjdd ddhbfhgsf : great just need to radio and play list,1
multi verse : graphic is awesome but hard to play,1
vlad andrei dragomir : nice and relaxing,1
alexander alton : great idea,1
janamithran k : the game is so good. the developer and his support - even better.,1
fa the killer 09 : dam bro this best game ever,1
mr ya : game is very good and i love it but controls are very terrible,1
daniel phillips : i love this game because you can drive in free play which is sooooo fun!!!!!,1
thundering thrills : fun and just love,1
gabriel kimende : i installed it three times over and over and it still doesn't work. why?,0
swaraj zende : great graphics and controls,1
ankur guha : control is not good at all graphics is okay,1
fackson mwipapa : i like it. it's just the right amount of challenging,1
kadn hart : pretty,1
delano rose : play this a long time but a come back to give it five star very fun game,1
abayan leo : fantastic game. strongly recommended if you are bored.,1
farzam rostami : good game it was great,1
lorenzo fantappie' : great game,1
xxsharky 19 : good game i play it with my controller and it feels smooth,1
vicky z timur : not too easy :( but graphic is good,1
jithesh rajan : one of the most unique games i've ever played,1
jake yt : the controls are so nice beautiful game grafic,1
abhijay / manya meena : this is game we can injoy endless driving experience and police chases no 1 game,1
yurii guz : full of ads and,1
alexander white : it's a really good game,1
kodi xain : great game really enjoy it so much takes my mide off a lot if things,1
luis gonzalez : thanks,1
y : the game was good but little difficult. i just loved the game.,1
ishan r nair : this is not coming in my tab.and i only play one time this game.plz fix this issue......,0
kiky boy : still waiting for a download plizz help me do it quickly i can't wait to play the game,1
ajit kshatriy : this game is very good game because of this game i have learned whow to drive the car please download this game,1
andile mukwevho : the game to me it feels like gta v 5 stroy mode,1
david cornett : awesome... downloaded it yesterday,1
andy mills : fun game,1
amit yadav : include multiplayer mode so that we can have a race with anyone.,1
daniel c : game is ok,1
gustavo hernandez : fun game cars are way too expensive i had to grind all day,1
a google user : is a nice app and easy to play... download and have fun with #drive,1
jude abou mjahed : fun but when u unlock a bunch of cars it gets boring,1
kilo g : rated it so i could get the car but it didnt give me jack spit game sucks,1
justine louis visperas : i like this game because high graphics and cool but only can be added 1)racing,1
dharanikumar m : haha... i don't know how to drive this car... but enjoying the playing...,1
rana rabnawaz noon : the game is good,1
domhello2 : really fun but can get hard to control,1
david bartlett : terrible game way too many ads like every game these days,0
jacko lad : good graphics and fun feeling make this a good game,1
alan benny : superb game ! its a nice time consumer and relaxing game,1
arnav singh : my car gets damged too easily. pretty tough game but still nice,1
dennis johanne mayoralgo : 5 stars for you just the game i needed also more cars please,1
suyash gaikwad 9a 28 : it is a good game its graphics are too good i liked it too much,1
nate betts : fun game. very quality arcade gameplay.,1
wanic halim : nice graphics and can you make a dlc,1
paul gaunala : it's would be great if there were other camera angles,1
nitesh chaurasia : put an option to cancel the zen mode it's irritating,1
amit mourya : full screen ads are annoying,0
joshua lees-griffiths : very easy driving,1
pauline frisina : i love the graphics and the games it's amazing,1
irishanimater24 : very fun,1
mahdi shabanzadeh : great gmae and very nice,1
jezza -21 : great game has a lot to unlock could play forever,1
dane : amazing controls and graphics,1
naveed iqbal : this game is op the graphics are very beautiful,1
euan robertson : very fun and slick car racing game!,1
lakshmi patchigolla : it would he nice if the price of removing adds was like 2$,0
sammuel powers : very cool cool graphics and works offline:),1
elijah queen : this is the best driving game ive ever played in a while thanks developers for this awsome game,1
kevin jobe paul : i like this game but i would like you to add speed control please do it,0
sadiq hussain : very good graphics and control game,1
naufal arif kurniawan : while browsing through car,1
eja : so educative with lots of fun. i love it.,1
mamen alex : it improves your control.but also increases addiction.,0
rohan nalawade : best game i ever played . i really like the fact that they update game frequently i hope they keep this up. grt game,1
raghavendra ravi : what was going on in that big head of yours when you developed this? brilliant concept and execution.,1
red trinity : fun,1
ananda_ krishn : it was difficult to controll but it was a amazing game,1
calvin daly : great game jus easy ways to get caps and more cars,1
pres drago : great game something i can vibe to after work #drive!!!!!!!,0
m rahul kumar : super game can keep steering wheel controls,1
ruhan vermeulen : cool game there is one problem the controls,1
d.a aditya : i hope u guys make indonesia map.. indonesia has such an iconic road and it's epic traffic "stuff" lol,1
2061_brijesh pariakar : awesome wow nice comments ai i liked endless driving quality visual effects great,1
abdelrahman ahmed : nice game but need more options for control,1
lucas yutzy : best game i've played in a while. the simplicity of it is what makes it beautiful,1
tusher basar : fun to play but the control is soo hard,1
carlos mendez : i like the game but it's hard to drive the controls,1
aitaka kenzo : a good game good control and i like it good job for #drive,1
vuk vukicevic : interesting but way too much grind for unlocks.,1
edward livingston : love this little car game. it's quite the addiction,1
ricardo novais pereira : would be nice to steer with the gyroscope.,1
karn : wow did not know what to expect very relaxing and innovative.,1
tim vizesi : fantastic graphics. gameplay is sub par,1
vaibhav anand : one of the best games to play if you don't like paywall.,1
godswill clever : it is a good game but i cant play it ,1
yashvardhan sharma : great,1
mo smith : better than 90% of the garbage that comes out on mobile.,1
kush 23 : i lost all my progress after changing my phone so i am giving only two stars,0
sammy yousof : beautiful fun game with nice music. recommended!,1
lmao jk : it's been relaxing so far,1
daysi madera : it has great mechanics and its easy,1
brian mo : fun game but lots of ads,1
simon martinez bustos : you ruined the sound with the last update... fix it,0
v.s. kathirvel : good graphics and nice muscle cars,1
reza pramuditya : simple,1
ebin baiju : won't start. crashes everytime,0
asahi luvsayami : good graphics but controls need improvement,0
bogdan lupu : to hard,1
9b gugan .a : the super and graphic is good allmost is a good game,1
don dio : games shouldn't have pop up ads!,1
rachna maharia : this game is so amazing i loved it just the controls are not that good but i liked it,1
brian kiplagat : takes a little hit to get good but when u do its relly fun,1
andrew emad : please make the car selection menu easier,1
austin thomas : randomly stops responding to touch,1
yegor meshkovoy : i don't really like smartphone gaming but that's one is really good,1
sreenu gajam : needs improvement in game controller console,1
mystic bow : thank you love for making this game gives me chills like i am in actually initial-d (anime) so for that 6star!!,1
mackzymon agustinlanuza : its good but its so hard to drive but thats allright because its thrilling,1
kim helps : i think its good all though it is hard to drive but it is a great game,1
wizard v2003x : yeah this game is so good and the levels are good and the gameplay is top notch,1
viraat luhach : 30 second unskippable ads ? no thank you.,1
mixtape : so fun and very compatible in my p10 lite and have good graphic,1
gabriel leprohon : really fun game! but needs some work,1
osnar v : it's a fun casual. i enjoy the challenge.,1
titan : as a player and car lover,1
no shit sherlock : u know what,1
jose nunez : good game just that the controls are hard but good game,1
noel dejesus : really fun i like it a lot nice way to kill time,1
zakiy farhan fuad : i love the graphics!! please makes more game like this artstyle,1
william luciano martinez : entertaining,1
saad alarqoilgh : is almost the best game it litter hard but no i never read the croter will i know how to use it,1
pepe the frog : good game kinda lags in the tutorial but this game is quite enjoyable,1
imagine_official : it is nice and all but game would be better if it is more than just driving,1
enes : it's hard to control the car but the game is good,1
juan pablo undurraga leyton : good game,1
ollie : resizable buttons could be nice,1
yeeter peter : not much i can say. really like the game though.,1
fluffy furball : is a best game but there's one thing the drifting bc you know why is turning so slow lol even tho i give 5 stars,0
amish issa : it's a game to play but it's had no to crush but i wish there were bikes on the game.,1
dipti joshi : game is not open,1
sebastian robles : i love it it's got cool graphics i never stop playing,1
jess h : really fun game,1
stephen lamont : i love this game but for some reason it refuses to open hopefully it will open soon,1
lesego nxumalo : this game is amazing but i do prefer you update the controls,1
syed the funny guy : addictive! very addictive a must download for car lovers,1
gavin the graceful goose : very addicting,1
toxic m9 : man the drifts looks like real and its amazing game,1
dexter zz : #drive. though handling is a bit tough but still good game #drive.,1
emerther raider : it's really challenging i like it it's nice to beat tour record,1
edward kratzer : love the gameplay,1
halal foodie : not bad,1
kim sabado : great game just fix the steering.,1
doot doot : the controls are extremely bad,0
danial abroushan : awesome graphics and horrible controls,0
sushma chaudhary : very good game . graphic is also best,1
jamal tubego : controls(good),1
what is wrong with me : omegalul i'm giving it an epic rating cause it's fun so far and i wanted to see if i get something out of the ratings,1
antonio jacobus : fricking awesome great game but let us have planes to and. bikes pls,1
toby jurkov : great game and great graphics.,1
asiphe zulu : it a good game. has good graphics too,1
shaun c-b : great graphics,1
tom kirkland : super fun and easy to play,1
brutalfox ,1
joshua. teixeira : nice timepass but some bugs r there please fix it,0
sandy leyva : so far its a pretty good game. makes me feel like i'm playing a different version of top gear,1
chandra hitt : it's good in all but the thing you need to drive out the town is hard to do,1
abdallah kharchouche : the car isn't easy to control,1
freelancer gamer gameplay : great game but please add wome challenges to the game,1
caleb todd : fun fun fun. till daddy took the t-bird away.,1
alop : i like it. it would be cool if there were challenges.,1
nhlanhla ndlovu : best driving game the graphics are leget very cool game,1
gathewoo : very relaxing,1
mollyxzu : this game is kind of addictive and very fun... no cap,1
noah hill : this game is awsome,1
aryan mandal : nothing to say about it,1
gavin shoemaker : super awesome game,1
dawson schreck : very fun game when traveling on road trips,1
duckitsu : dope game,1
bharat balsara : could be better with more different locations and rewards,1
vontawi zaideih : difficult but greatest car game and good graphicks,1
anthony quistianos : awesome game! i love the old retro cars!,1
ananta maharjan : the game is nice. it's simple but it's addiction.,1
alex green : ads after every race. uninstalled.,0
noah rezende : the game is amazing and so is the animation,1
ananth bhat : after long time,0
bhargav emani : add more locations ,1
deekshith umashankar : best game ever played super graphics make a part 2,1
lo & pj jones : this game is cool,1
aaditay chhabra : downloading stops at 86% every time. resolve this issue.,1
middle man : awesome game,1
ojasvi janbandhu : i like drifting car and games and when i saw this game i tried and play so now i love this game,1
itsyabacon _boyhere : its fun has heck amd its so much flipping fun i love this game but can u put more updates plz i love this game so much,1
a google user : the game is amazing ,1
tait dwyer : great game but wish it had more jdm cars :),1
corbin reeve : too many ads. not worth it,0
jonathan b-b : this game is alot of fun and addicting,1
emeka otiono : fun,1
michael vincent james vanderbilt : nice game! but add more nice cars please,1
hunter anderson : pretty fun game cool art style and gameplay,1
vratko benda : amazing game,1
mary narkie : very nice but the cars are hard to get thanks,1
king kollo : insane!... reckless driving!...cool graphics!,1
anthony caudillo : very fun and unique idea for a game,1
raja kumar : it is a awesone but it is very difficult to play i like the game,1
suhaas sriperumbudur : its a fun game add drift mechanism and races pls,1
m o n : please add more places ,1
siddharth yadav : very bad controls and concept,0
manashjyoti sharma : this is the best mobile game ever. so fun and addictive.,1
azra cooks : need money to play. could be better in story aspect and other things,1
bob korkowski : pretty fun little chaotic driving sim..,1
garrett johns : it is a but hard to learn but is good to play.,1
corey chalmers : pretty fun game. it's fairly grindy but that could just be me sucking at it,1
jude livermore : this game is great fun,1
marcel mendonca : driving is too drifty,1
anap pudin : very difficult to control the car,1
marcus trugilho : fun. takes some time to handle it,1
poke josh : its great a bit hard tho,1
mustafai : do you like ads and money tricks? no.,1
adam toth : good graphics,1
mpsi1999 : there is no option ui for strech display while gameplay.,1
kashmiri kashmiri : good graphics good gameplay everything is good,1
ly_ricw hello : graphics are cool and the game is fun,1
luc lhuissier : no ads and very funny !,1
funnymixxed guapo : amazin game amazin graphics amazin back story what can say but over all a amazin game ya digg,1
jonathan byrd : love the simplicity of the game.,1
rafat rizwan : worst game ever. the control is hilarious. already uninstalled.,0
hakerazami playzz : it is very fun i just dont like the fuel feature,1
marcos suarez : try it. it's really fun and relaxing. just what i needed.,1
reeth : damn boii,1
bruce : too many ukrainian dudes jumping in front of my car! uninstalled.,0
biswabhusan parida : the controls are so bad and disgusting.,0
davide rocconi : there should be more upgrades imo,1
tonny mwenda : thanks for the new camera view if possible add interior cameras too,1
christopher thornton : so far so good,1
korban : good game but the voicelines get annoying,1
ragil sagita : this game cool graphic but hard to play,1
rafi shaik : nice game....every one can try in free time...intresting game...,1
jason gbadago : best game ever,1
g kavya lakshmi : the best game after pubg and call of duty loved this game make many many many updates bro/sis,1
att jane : forces video ads. cant you just give image ads instead?,0
paul schwoch : very fun and addictive. can't put it down.,1
mats wolgast : i love the game,1
naruto goku : the game is fun a lil easy but it gets boring,1
keith oconnor : dope game,1
zack omiecinski : really fun. 3d cartoon like graphics.,1
momokunzurii yt : best good looking game . thanks for this awesome game looking forward for more updates good job.,1
mohamad arief : good for bathroom break,1
douglas n : driving. about same as other popular driving games.,1
tamimplayz : finally i don't have to buy premium version of netboom to play gta v to increase my driving skills! thank youuuuu,0
sir biscuit : love this game,1
phil bob : maybe im beinf dense but i cant figure out how to get out of zen mode!!,1
kim taehyung : a lottle nice but the control is too hard,1
kevin mckenna : demands you sign the privacy policy,1
dylan smeaton : very fun and calming game recomend to people who like driving games.,1
junaid ansari : i am leaving for the first time in the game,1
amir zaheen minhaj : ads are not very intrusive,1
miracle kosi : the game is so fun and also really hard i love it its addictive,1
mahmoud isa marandi : it is too hard to control the cars,1
gefrin jose : i didn't get how to drive this car i can't see driving options,1
haq ghm : really a good one,1
kinggolith : its to complicated to see the stops for gass and things like that,1
robel berhane : this is a very good game. but it would be great if you at the level.,1
the disembodied voice : it's a really good game altho i'm honestly just doing this for the free car,1
punchin llamas : simple and addictive gameplay.,1
musadiq jutt : good graphics good cars every thing is good,1
jordan leonard : too many ads,0
relja gazdek : very good game,1
esther alvarado : nice challenging game keep up the good work,1
marco shan : cool game but have 1 problem if can we have more custom in cars more color or more kits,1
sumit das : for an indie game this is awesome. thanks man,1
feroz ahmad : missions are not cleared. don't know what to do. the game is good.,1
abishak das 4 : retro style of the game is great.,1
erika miskolczi : its great! but i crash alot..,1
jairo galeano : it cool i love it. it easy also there is so many places.,1
jacob dittner : its a great game really i just wish that the veichles didnt cost so much,1
scam systembot : gameplay is boring and controls are wild.,0
ihsan husandi : nice graphics,1
esvin barrios : 10/10 we need more microtransactions!,1
zach costello : it is very abdication prone,1
jakub gwizdz : i really like the look of the cars and the maps,1
aladham bastuni : need some controls change but overall it's awesome,1
luke ludington : less adds thqn other games,1
sour squiddy : great game to play by yourself a little bit rage inducing but other wise great game,1
cicada 3302 : very fun( especially on road trips),1
xintil xontol : perfect graphic,1
back woods : controls are nice and smooth,1
robert pierce : cool i guess but too many ads,0
thoufeeq vlog 06 : very butter nice game supper graphics modifide vehicle. s,1
shaun : really good game with good voice acting,1
a google user : the controls are trash so 1 star for control,0
brilyan satria : nice song and graphic but awful control,1
keyikedalube ndang : nice mechanics. enjoyable gameplay.,1
theo gotze : love the physics the look and the music,1
raymond mergens : some of the ads don't let you close them,0
maycen savell : it is really fun but it's a hard game but other then that i love it,1
cian castelo : a great racing car game to make your dream vacation locations anywhere!,1
kaden westberry : very good and fun game. definitly not a botted review. yeah definitly!,1
leonardo tomas garcia : takes a lot of time to start but just by looking at the game i think i'll like it,0
m : feels like one really good arcade machine! 10/10,1
arshmxn : the art style of the game is nice & so attractive !,1
jaheem edwards : what a boom shot rocking game keep up the good work,1
tom koeling : love the game! i am only missing the use of the coolness stat...,1
dan star : such a fun addictive game. enjoying every minute of it,1
serious ducky : make more games like this with competitive multiplayer mode,1
ghasan choudhry : good game but needs a little bit improvement.,1
cheesecake waffle : the game is quite beautiful and the gameplay is great,1
lloyd brantuoh : very good way to while away the time and relax,1
jhared azucena : ita a very great game i had a good time withit so far there are no problems,1
raja babu : this game is nice but it would great if you add multiplayes mode,1
grim gaming : it super fun reminds me of bullet the movie.,1
meetthepro madlani : best car game,1
rishabh verma : its hard to drive but in a amazing way,1
eremin2033 : i found the turning a little bit "soap like" but for everything else is awesome,1
manav ranjith : neat graphics good time passer awsome jorney through cities . 5 star for sure peaaaace,1
aaa sss : fun easy game,1
donny tumbu prisakti : this game is incredible,1
agn atik : controls are aweful... but everything is great,1
judd dublin : a bit too hard to drive,1
leaf : one of the best driving games ever 5/5,1
eve along : little adds and such smooth gaming i love it!,1
megan farrow : yes the animation is really good,1
sai kiran : one of the worst game i have downloaded ever and asks to pay money in the first go.. pathetic,0
anurag bhola : worst game ever played. control are too poor.,0
austin howell : good fun,1
amber linstone : great engine gameplay was fluid good for small teens,1
tinker : good game but to much mega bites make it less,1
suliman hassan : i like the game good graphics and good controls 5 stars worth it,1
heracles ruiz : that was awesome!!!!!!!!,1
sat pal sharma : stupid game,1
manahil asim : this game is so fun .... love it .. u guys have to try this game ... so fun ....,1
samantha lamonte : great game!! will get boring after a while but a good game to chill and play,0
logan pack : awesome game with a good art style.,1
saikat mondal : great gameplay ..the voiceover gets repitive.,1
space azura_ : this game is a great game just driving around trying to doge cars,1
cole hecht : one of the smoothest and best racing games i've ever played,1
bryan guzman : this is a great game and its awesome keep up the great work,1
iskandar zulkarnain : good game,1
anirudh : good graphics but the control sucks man,0
wolffe crowe : beware: contains ads and microtransactions.,1
keran sohail : great the cars are really out of traction but it's good,1
arcas : great game,1
prince joahnes eman : good game but need better controllers.,1
esteban asencio : it's pretty much a endless road of total awsome,1
intensez : i like this game,1
liam scerri : great game,1
jesus carrillo : good game,1
silly boi : sometimes cop chases you it's lags the game pls fix the bug,0
parshv joshi : i love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its like real life physics.,1
marcell szollos : fun,1
jordan_ : i love this game soo much and the driving experience is amazing,1
rox_destroyer w : i love the game.,1
laura keegan : love the graphics keep it up,1
dmlpa506 : this game is cool i love the graphics and art style,1
kevin garcia : the game is really cool i wish that the car stop slipping around,1
dalton yeo : was wondering what does the pro cam do? i've been trying it out but i can't seem to find the difference between the normal cam. and it's been bugging me. hope someone out there can answer my question. but anyways great game nevertheless,0
imperatore : very cool. you should add a online mode,1
ben swolo : very cool game,1
a google user : this is awesome and best game good grafics and control,1
edwin sakala : it's awesome love the game play.. though it always eats my time,1
pio dumaliang : great. but fix the handling,1
omkar apandkar : i like that sound when you driving a car .,1
aarush kalra : the collision graohics could be improved,1
diane xerono : it's a pretty good game but the sensitivity tho.....it's nerve racking,1
ardean andana : easy and simple game love it,1
jadenblaze soriano : i love the game but i want more cop's and car's.,1
padmanaidu chaitanya : perfect game to chill. would recommend it to try it out just go for it !!!,1
the guy ry : it is very fun so far. i have been playing it two days now and i'm loving it.,1
_0xbadc0de# : overall a great game just to waste time,1
ashwin achu : it is good this is easy and hard and so funny,1
juan rodriguez : this games graphics are pretty badass for offline mobile game,1
j knight : not many ads,0
dirk duce : a pretty good driving game to kill time,1
harry weston : very good game,1
liam furst : really good game,1
matin ghadimi : nice graphics while simple as posible,1
pln sastry : didn't start when i played it .it kept on turning off,1
afuranta das : improve the graphics quality..,1
john chael ortua : cool game,1
vikeshkumar : ok game but it is very difficult to control,1
ashton nicholas : it's good,1
tanissara chaonawong : nice graphic.easy to control,1
genesis torres : love this game,1
silverdash hd : i love it but the car can hardly stay still where we want it to be.,1
jx dante : the game is good... please add speedometer & horn .. good luck ..,1
super man : the best thing of this game is that we will get reward as we do destruction,1
gamer taco : i've only been playing for a little while but its definitely fun.,1
mahmoud hesham : graphics are very good,1
rish roy : good game,1
kunal j : good grafics. controlls not that good,1
amanda smyth : its the best game because it takes practise and concentration to play!,1
player pro : do it as world wide need free roaming can go anywhere or it is a bored game,1
carolyne nyamusi : i like voice man but a four star rating and ads,1
vince c. damn it : fun and different from any other game,1
huseyin duran : great fun. many many cars and game play,1
cezar stanciu : it is great!,1
rick mackintosh : lots of ads but it's free,1
sunil singh : not working,1
jorge chavez : fun and simple to play,1
kinng-petik lehlogonolo : i love it. good job family,1
mohd zahrin : the game very nice but the control are so hard,1
travis lutz : commentary is alright.. good rhythm play..,1
anaya moody : similar to gta v in a way but its a pretty cool game,1
alexandru cicort : i love the game it's very creative,1
bima waskita : i just dont like control on this game,1
mbali ayanda : kinda boring once you play it for long,0
g-dawgg n64 : really fun........... getting addicted minute-by-minute,1
hanh ha : cant play the game as my google play account. somehow it kept log in as another account,1
henoch seby : epic soooooo epic try this game,1
gregor mohoric : 30 second ads.,1
sr g : awesome game really enjoy a lot..,1
eli floyd : fun good graphics,1
no one : best game . graphics are so good.,1
havis kwok : fun game highly recommend,1
musaddiq bhutto : its very addictive amazing game to kill some time,1
yolo squad : fun to play and so many cars,1
jason ebenezer : not so good not at all getting opening. waste . i uninstalled . waste game,0
anthony sutton : simple game but takes a while to master,1
fareba asadi : this game is very exiting and it is a great game for all ages and it just (111mg) it is good .,1
priyam vaishnav : its good. not many ads,0
daniel taylor : great game good to pass the time i have not had a bad experience playing the game yet,1
wayne corbitt : reminds me of the older games it could use a gas pedal,1
carguy ## : excellent game i have a request please add the james bond car . 1963 aston martin db5,1
vedant dhumal : very nice game but the handling should be tweaked a little bi,1
ronit nootkhadi : the cars and setting you play in is good,1
asish kumar pradhan : enjoying playing this one. minimal and great,1
kim lenard abello : really great game the best i recommend this to ppl who have to wait for an hour,1
mohib rehman : nice and amazing game graphics are great,1
saul paxson : they should so you can steer with sensor,1
rakib islam : nice game. good graphic. 5 stars for commentators. hehe,1
simon lea : fun but steering takes getting used to,1
yaseen shalla : great fun and a simple but exciting game,1
martin montgomery : love pixel type games,1
baurjan ibragimov : the graphics are amazing,1
jonas robson : in personally like it only one complaint,1
soumyajit das : great game. this should have been a editor's choice.,0
akinyemi feranmi : stupid game hard to install just frustrating.and for such small game having a big size .. wack,1
later gator : they have a special vehicle called the mailbox it's pretty hillarious to be able to drive it,0
ogi winanto : fun game,1
sovathana sophorn : this really fun and addiction game the most i have seen before. just request you guys game developer please try to updates a new road in angkor wat temple in siem reap,1
jayson hudson : one of the greatest car games ive ever plates keep up the good work dev,1
marshmallow vlog : very attractive in cars very cool never had ads,1
jason thomas : not to bad for a new game plays well for pixelbook.,1
moses a. : didnt know i'd enjoy a game like this great for short bursts of downtime,1
d b : trash controls,1
yosh 1806 : your game is very awesome. buy its too lagging,1
soar on : it's very addictive,1
krushna raut : need auto stimulation with screen rotation,0
hoff loff : nice and smooth graphics,1
stuart mcallister : fun for a quick spin.,1
kendra jolly : coolest game cool car games ever five stars love you guys see you later peace,1
vipul : awesome graphics,1
hash tag238 : this game is great and low how mechanics work.,1
amir malekahmadi : very nice! simple yet hard to survive :),1
samuel gomez : great graphics. love it.,1
zxxz 7 : it is fun but not easy at all !,1
grizzly : good graphics and nice music,1
afrid mondal : game is definitely good but the control are very hard,1
landon flores : this a great game i love it becuase it looks like if its a drift game,1
brandon berzina : fun,1
hussien alnemer : very good fun game nothing tobsay other than the adds,1
ree rur : please improve the control sensitivity,1
muhammad luqman : good experience driving,1
gideon wotsa : the best game i ever played... very addictive and interesting.,1
a solo production b : the car could have better control,1
blake bosarge : it needs some work maybe more words better quality,1
anurag soni : it is not having motion control didn't liked the game,0
lonelykyle : the game is rally good but its hard when your getting far,1
sam korecki : very fun and easy to play would recommend,1
kwami madlala : well it a good game but the controlls a are bit hard to get used to,1
5aintblue ' : nice relaxing game .. fun to play .. every phone i get im having it installed..,1
angelkiller21 : decent driving game with fun controls,1
owen clifford : i gave it five stars for them because i overwellmingly get addicted to it and the games detail,1
irfan ulumuddin aziz : amazing and funny graphics..,1
shawn cadugan : i like the game but for some reason it won't start on my tablet,1
harsh kumar : good game for cars but its cars is driving slow,1
arthur fill : good basic fun,1
apisat 43 : this is very fun but the handeling on cars is bad,1
tim verdonk : fun really fun and then not so fun but then fun again,1
dave salinas : fun game. controls are a little wonky,1
nathan fast : takes forever to upgrade anything. not a great game,1
joe delpopolo : cool game different and fun pretty challenging,1
josh joshuayoboyy : its a great small game! i love it :),1
vijayant singh : very good game but needs some improvements.,1
elzever kapuwe : this game doesn't work on my infinix smart 2 hd,1
john valley : i easily find good games which gives me a challenge like this,1
freddie moore : i love this game,1
jamila daniels : i'm terrible and still manage to love it!,1
miles jones : not too many ads,0
louis quinney : good game,1
hilman mardiansyah : too much ads,1
s.p singh : cool game but controls are difficult,1
ruslan kim : fun game with nice cartoon graphic design.,1
darian aragon : cool game i love the speed and graphics.,1
jaelyn lowder : it's really fun and challenging at the same time,1
luqman hasya : very good for you that love easy casual mobile games,1
abhijith kathirolil : lots and lots of ads,1
madhu dath : great timepass,1
turtle irish : absolutely fantastic game. every update makes this game even better.,1
diogo pedro ribeiro : very fun game,1
bill crane : simple game with limited adds,0
arshdeep sandhu : perfectly challenging and crazy fun,1
chen jiang : very cool art and gameplay !,1
ba ba boy : it's really good but i don't feel like i understand the pro camera.,1
afga pratama : the game keeps getting better with the new update! loved it!,1
ned lobos : love it great game that you can pick up and play,1
cristopher de ade : its just cool u could chill and play it when you dont have wifi,0
aidan aumand : the game is a 4 but the controls are a 1.5,1
kimiya may : it says unfortunately #drive has stopped and then it kicks me out,1
nfs rahman : very enjoyable! loved it!! you must try!,1
ibrahim rana : if this game was 20 i would still buy it. absolutely amazing.,1
jorge s. : beautiful cars and lots of drifting,1
sayd ali haneefa : steering controls also added add new cars also add racings tooo,0
ninja sfs : i like it more when the camera is some little close,1
oginga soro : the graphics are amazing,1
mogapi sedibe : i love this game,1
luis ballones : the game is good,1
roman joyce : fun so fun drive free graphics are good to,1
creators spy bd : good work..i like this game..but car selection is so bad,1
kaung si thu : everything are nice,1
jean goro : really great game !! very exited for the new updates!,1
kevin xu : great experience. hopefully more content will be added later.,1
ttvnub : this is a great game,1
yudou : this is the best never ending driving games i played on mobile,1
geo joseph : the controls are very bad,0
terren smith : really fun!! would recommend to a friend,1
dile : i think they could work on the gameplay more and has room for improvement,0
adrian dinkov : great game. fun and stress free.,1
cerial game killer909 : fun good graphics and controls,1
anup gorai : very god game with good graphics.,1
archana gokul : it is a very nice game but it is difficult to drive the car,1
jennifer slusser : great game no ads ,1
leul gizachew : i wish it had more types of steering wheel the stirring will sucked,1
eddy nichel sousa : really simple and entertaining,1
benson kamau : i hope in future we can have more camera views..that would be owesome.,1
mr.edwood de klerk : the totorial on the last stage you cant get the caps,1
jothiswaran v : very good graphics and more,1
syafiq duke : goooooooooooddddddddd! its a best game i ever play!,1
subodh murmu : i really love this game but the viewing distance is too not so good,1
wakko warner the nfsposter a.k.a danger banger. : the game is good the driving was sort of nice i guess,1
manzoor hussain : control are not good please fix the streaing control,0
theo zinos : bland gameplay with elements seen in every game.,1
programmer has : very impressive it has good controls nice thought,1
spaceship destroyer : best game to chill and play with cars and police chasing you,1
connor cooper : the controls are bad.,0
r c b : grate grafics and just a great game over all,1
emanuel ym : good but but 5 stars when you put in tilt mode,1
manzura nazarova : nice game for people who want to play for their records and who want drive,1
princeneo arrobang : its a very good game the graphics is insane,1
abbel gonzalez : simple and fun to play,1
xiodcrlx : nice looking game that comes with blurry legal agreement on personal data use,1
kk verma : epic but wider roads cheaper cars and turns?,1
abhishek dhakad : easily level and superb controller game,1
vansh gupta : very good but you should provide fps mode,1
ardz : great game on the go and it's offline#!,1
calvin fenteng botwe : this game is awesome but the controls are not so good,1
tristian stellato : this game is so fun and got lots of cool cars,1
tnt nl : easy to play and very fun.,1
randall mcgowin : pretty cool game,1
aman sonwane : graphics + aquiring new cars are good,1
jun macapagal : controls could be improved,1
muhammad umair : great effort,1
red pepper : i love this game just the ads,1
jason campbell : fun wee time killing game,1
casper dzahui : super fun for hungovers while working,1
manish singh gurjar : its nice but it is difficult to drive,1
the man : art is good but repetitive gameplay,1
femi olowolayemo : love this game.could have been better if there was a tilt control,0
david price : it is very fun dridt and make it as far as possabl,1
aerodoc78 : not worth the ads uninstalled,0
wan jak624 : very fun,1
alton gaming : best driving game.but please add more locations,1
ranjit paul : best game only give manual controls like accelaration,1
kiran bns : controls should've been a bit easier,0
siraj kasim shaikh : one of the worst games,1
superspetsnaz 2255 : cool game,1
lordspedhed 69 : it fun to play while watching the office,1
mohamed mostafa : add some levels for this will make it better or some event's you can't left it like that,1
nikmuessi : i really loved it the graphics eberything is amazing,1
paul hawkins : this game is like a 3 year old child...... uncontrollably.,1
advaya s : awesome game so satisfying good job after playing all shooting games this relaxes me,1
sanjai 009 : it will be nice if it had a drifting mode,1
shubham choudhary : awesome-mind-blowing-fantastic-extraordinary-outstanding-etc. bole to #khatarnaak!,1
blass massawe : this game is good but it must improve in controls,1
darrell jackson : fun to drive. good way to pass time,1
a h : it is very hard and i cant even get past the 2nd town,1
aono tsukune : ads auto play.. so bad.,0
cheese tree : this game is so fun but the fun part is it is hard,1
rafael ferreira : too many intrusive ads,0
jason rees : surprisingly fun and addictive despite how simple the idea very challenging as well.,1
cartoonlad : super fun driving game about drifting through traffic and cops,1
mahmood aamil : addictive and best performance recommended for subway surfers lovers,1
jinroh 33 : fun game with a lot of car option,1
gabrijel jurasovic : this game is simply amazing!! and can you add a porsche?,1
ramil nemenzo : nice time killer and i love the art of this game.,1
nana addo : i love the graphics and the way you can drift,1
anolosto : recommended for people with the devices capable to play it,1
moorthy kanga : super game but installing so slow but this game is priiittttty..... so fun and normal game,1
jason croatto : ads are annoying.,0
narayan narayan : worst game ever played worst controls,0
atv rider : super fun and morenchallenging then you may think,1
kumaaran kamal : very simple and nice game to play,1
ricardo carreto : really fun to play and pass time,1
holocausto 69 : wish there was tilt controls,0
luke pangle : i wasnt sure at first but as i started to play i loved more and more,1
marko tausanovic : i have a starting problem... the game won't lunch for me.,1
tanmay goel : how to get "learn to drive power play "in level 6 is not mentioned.. so i suggest not to download this game!,1
ventipie tv : it's a great game to play when you need to waste time,1
rich higgins : awsome but adjust the controls,1
milima productions : it's not the best but not the worst. its easy and simple. thats why i picked it.,1
neil : the controls are very bad,0
gaming with yoboyfataki : this game is good and is amazing but i haven't go to a new level,1
ar7 777 : controls are kinda funky buy the game is fun,1
brachydactyly gameing : please add in a "1957 chevrolette belair",1
rick conrad : this was a great game only i have paid for it and after the update they want me to pay again,0
travis beard : it runs like 20 fps and has terrible input lag on my s8+,1
albertus krisna : great game! nice graphic! enjoy it!,1
free milk jugs : its honestly a game that may seem trash but actually is great,1
osama ahmed : great! it is actually a game. great work guys. keep it up,1
bartek hyra : everything is really good,1
ashwini khede : add more unlockable things it gets boring,1
musicboyty1 : fun,1
rahul pokharna : fun but too many ads,1
rani bakka : really nice game and nice graphics,1
zvikomborero marime : nice game i have to say it's one of those very awesome silly games that are just amazing,1
tarik goyal : dashboard mode will bring the experience to another level,1
prabhat : very good game nice control and nice graphic,1
yaseen ilyas : great game developer. i recomend it to you. must play!,1
ahmed ishrak : now is my favourite game,1
alex sogari : realy cool game i love the graphics.,1
malhaar k : not bad. it's actually fun for when you're bored.,1
jacob : this game is so frustrating,1
jason allaghen : just started playing but it sure is a funny game.,1
steven baker : it's pretty awesome.. one heck of time killer.,1
vikram mistry : classic race game with bad controls!!,1
good gamer : very good game and nice graphics,1
ultimate : a lot better than subway surfers type games,1
kim khin : omg this ame is so great thanks for pixel perfect dude to make this #drive game,1
tirta andika : its very fun and its not laggy at all so thats one of my very favourite game,1
jyoti shukla : this game is superb and very challenging.i like this playing very much.,1
mercillina richard : its good but the brakes dont work very well,1
a google user : its so hard to tilt and they dont have a tilt control ,0
neymar jr 10 : very good as new maps and cars,1
goura krushna sahoo - 39 : worst controls,0
cillian cowan : it's a good game. fun for when your board,1
bruno de sousa : incredibly fun! a hidden gem of play store,1
itachi uchiha : good graphics and its a good game,1
ashmit kumar sharma : game is very good but please give tilt control,1
a google user : awesome controls are to easy superb,1
yadu krishna : awsome game good graphics and feel good to play,1
iloevechicken : i cant open the game it instantly shuts it self down,1
mehdi kheybar : just download and enjoy,1
sandeep kumaran : one of the fun filled experiences and a hidden gem in the play store,1
cody owens : i enjoy the game very much. so. good job americanes,1
ben nicholson : the graphics are amazing,1
michael fielding : great fun and easy to pick up.,1
chris wade : fast loading and great graphics,1
peter : so very thrill. i love the app job well done to the developers just added some story modes and other maps and also online multiplayerthanks to you guys you made my day epic,1
samurai slayer : great graphica and controls,1
xavi .j : it is really fun but a bit hard,1
the oof king : great game just think there should be sharper turns,1
andrejeqq _ : no need for good phone,1
xavier lockett : great game to pass time or to play while your kids scream,1
supertrash : i had fun,1
orlando leon : is a good game but the controls are hard to use,1
fe3rthe toaster : fun little ads good graphics,1
rajiv m : very nice,1
roudoin ait taleb : just wonderful game especially graphics and playstyle,1
technical aditya naik : this game company should add more cars then it is good,1
allan poe rayray : best game ever and i love it thank you so much for making it!! #drive,1
moosa khan : nice game,1
sandeep henry : simple,1
kalayaan hasik : it's very good but it's hard to earn caps.,1
tristan stephens : by far the best mobile game that actual isnt just an adfest.,1
parag chitale : too much difficult and kind of boring.,1
a google user : good fun but a bit too repetitive,1
cody waldron : good controls is farmy but still really good,1
piyush yayati : one of the best sweet and simple game,1
aaron dokmanovic : this game is extremely fun on controller and there are barley any add,1
maximilien van vuure : a very simple and polished game,1
waferwofer : pretty chill game to play when you get bored.,1
pushpa dhaka : nice game with lot's of different cars,1
rick t : lots of ads overly repetetive gaming,1
firdan : simple gameplay,1
mrrusho : so bad sounds quality and poor control,0
ore drakulic : good game but historyc cars,1
hugo castellon : good contorls,1
valentine emmanuel : definitely recommending the game it's very interesting one quite fun,1
akkim roopesh : game is addicitive but controls are somewhat laggy,1
andy plummer : too many intrusive ads,0
bawla58386 golf : not the best,1
walkingskull gaming : game is really good and i just wanted to say that if controls can be mor better,1
ben claeys : this is a great game but the break mechanics are weird,1
maaz rahman : simple button for brake will be much helpful,1
doublestuff 1938 : very fun and a good game to play as a time waster,1
m!lan sharma : great need some more control management,1
cesar ferreira : the game is amazing but add a map please it is good,1
sebastian s. : its very cool and easy to drive,1
elvis triumphant : we need more control setting for the game,1
yeetifyrs _ : all you'd ever want in a free offline mobile racing game,1
michael gunn : game is cool steering is a little funny,1
punith a n : the game was too good.but there are only 20 levels,0
jennifer nolan : it is good but it is kind expensive to upgrade.,1
mikee d : game is suck because the control of car is so hard,1
naufal fawwaz : please add tilt steering option!,1
souvik dey : an addictive game.... really nice..didn't thought it would be so great...,1
raphael bikyoraa : please add some opponents,1
abdul latief : drives without brakes,1
gario ghost : i love this game i love their driving skills i love the way to fill petrol and take donuts,1
shubh kangsha banik : good graphics,1
bhavan patel : sound/music is too bad slow mo,0
vivek sharma : without so much ads it would have been 5 stars,0
rambelash yadav : this game is good for fun but in the have not starring contol please uptade soon,1
saru sarangan : it's an amazing game with cool graphic,1
aissam alilouch : good to pass time wish u can win post cards and money faster,1
ghost smoke : dis game is bare addictive for wen your bored and wann pass time,1
sambhajoy reang : it's awesome and nice tiny road trip game i like it very much,1
christian youth association cya : its kinda cool but...it needs some fun.....,1
jay louis : lots of ads but you can update,0
muhit pias : i love it. i really enjoying the gameplay.,1
hey art : its good but is to hard to go to the applegreen,0
kourosh alinezhad : hard but is funy and you can play this game in very hour,1
chris m : no issues excellent game for passing the time,1
faisal reza : not as thrilling as pako,1
michael nelson : did not try this game yet ok but or will we able to anytime soon,1
shadow gamer : i love the game,1
mainul islam mazumder : good game and it's tasks are very easy,1
kabilar g : control of the steering very very poor,1
derek mansfield : kinda boring and controlls are bad.,0
sefa senlik : very well optimized,1
rajesh kumar : so satisfying,1
vector 1414 : i enjoy this game alot it reminds me of traffic rush,1
jhon brown : the cars are old but cool #rive are cool,1
azy jonce : inspirational game with best graphics,1
teotallyongjin : very fun very easy to waste time,1
joe 2000 : enjoy playing but need more maps,1
gourab hazra : relaxing superb graphic time pass game,1
c_a_nn_o_n_bolt 2001 : super graphics and control,1
justin lesiali : awesome add a rainforest track where monkeys can be spotted,1
greg 5646 : would be awesome if you could add a volvo (maybe amazon or 244) and a ford transit mk.1!,1
morb ohcak : the game is great but better with multiplayers to play,1
mitulmitdip : it is well game but adds you need to improve that.,0
kaustav majumder : utterly bad graphics and lagging,0
kyle bothma : like the game alot its hard in the begining but jou get use to it,1
marvellino gracia z : good game,1
michael owens : perfect game to relax to.,1
micah riad : love the ui all around great game,1
nathan collin : nice and progressivly difficult,1
youssef atia0289 : they must improve the controls,1
tanna francis : good game but controls are finicky but still good,1
dhritiman baishya : nice game. would like an indian location.,1
shack shine : osam game nice control graphics and sound,1
marcus adonis : really fun game,1
youtuber ? : this is the best game ever so nice car is good and you all have to download this game was cool,1
juan jaquez : needs multiplayer racing mode!,1
mjm nifras : it's suck worst game ever it's controls are hard and it's make anger,0
juned sheikh : the game have great fantastic graphics,1
josh l. : super fun! great for passing time,1
nuwe nivien : the game is gr8 buh would be better with tilt control,1
imnotnorthenbg pubg to : 5 star but you have to change the drift redius and controls,0
jolly abraham : #good graphics and smooth game luv it!,1
syamala tadikela : nice game to play if you love retro cars,1
imanfal1 : it's a pretty good game. just so fun to let the time pass.,1
vindd : hey im dean and rendy is my mom i like u game but u need to fix u game why because i cant get in the game went i want to get in and automatik get out could u fix the game again?,0
ashkan keramati : its nice for a while gets boring after a few hours,0
cool meme man : meh a pretty good game but,1
carson inglis : this is amazingg one tip is to add more diealog and different voices,1
karzai wiram : i just love cars and when they drift omg i love it,1
chris okello : it's a game worth spending your free time on..,1
twisted and lean : fun little games for boring situation,1
a google user : you need to add a break just in case of over speeding,0
ray butler : simple enough easy game play,1
limna seby : so epic so cool doooooo yoouuuu know it is pretty fun,1
jose jarvikuona : amazing 50s to 80s cars and stylish driving.,1
sarita kumar : this is a very good game with very good graphics,1
patrick kehoe : good simple idea of a game that's fun,1
loco4candy : very fun game,1
r : audio is garbled and slow on my oneplus 7t,1
david hendricks : perfect...prices of cars could be lower,1
amit kumar : great graphics and really good game,1
yuvraj khakra : best but this volume is down and low,1
cranston dmello : cool funkey graphics animated pass time game love it,1
assured ghost11 : this is a good game but plz ad spme street customisations like spoilers that be cool,1
pouya nazari : hi game the entire game varies the diversity of the land and ...,1
sazman haml & naghl : upgrade,1
bleazyyt : really fun not to hard but not to easy,1
j sathish : nice game .. just now installed and uninstalled for the annoying adds,0
jefferson doria santos : nive game . this design is very nice!,1
the pro gamer 666 : amazing game very addictive must try at least one plse,1
zappy : not bad .. controls take a little getting use too,0
a google user : #drive is superb game,1
elijah mendoza : enjoyable gamee! nice hd graphics!,1
urvi mehta : awsome game with great graphics,1
janjan playztv : a cool game and it has real cars like a ferrari!,1
anamika sayee : smooth and fully loaded fun,1
super su : its a good game but little hard to control,1
robert : basic,1
jonathan belman : fun,1
kris metha : frustrating game.difficult to control,1
damien falu : fun to pick up and play,1
suraj dongre : good game thanks progress game and improvement's good is good,1
amer nasrizal : cool game. way more fun than you would've thought!,1
karthick j : awesome controls. i really love this game,1
mustakimahmed sinha : smooth graphics,1
edean kyaw nyein : love it . smooth driving.,1
karthik mk : hard to control,1
alex voinea : a simple and relaxing game,1
shailesh kumar jha : nice game nice graphics nice cars overall nice,1
richard : why does this app need access to my personal data and my google drive account? to sell my info,1
redviper playz : awsome graphics and awesome gameplay,1
bruv : this game aint not that bad but it could have a spin daily,1
manjunath e : super duper game and it is little hard,1
michael. garcia : awesome game,1
se cza : technically really well made game. unfortunately it's not for me but you go dude(girl).,1
malek skull : nice and easy game,1
shahir ishmam sakeb : i love the game. but i think its a bit too hard.,1
benedict mazie : nice game with nice classic cars,1
aaron : ah yes,1
mohd. iftekharul alam emad : loved it.loved new updates.give more updats and more countries. good luck,1
kristan dale belamia : aesthetic game with good mechanics.,1
josiah lor : great game that makes delicious cheesy pizza!,1
o v o : haven't played yet but that ad was epic.,1
brodie lewin : ads just for playing.,0
murtaza suterwala : love it ,1
martyn mckenna : great little game to pass the time,1
romina ahmad ali : just an amazing game. one of the best mobile games. better than pubg,1
anjana sharma : it's very addictive. can't stop playing.,1
ansha : the graphics are superb,1
manda khedkar : very good game but it's control are poor,1
reslee ilagan : unlocked every level,1
rnniemgii : it's fun! but i cant load my progress on my other mobile,1
kriesna christ : so classic. i love it. easy to play. you must try this game.,1
ayush singh : good addictive game for leisure time pass,1
vivek ranjan : 1st car has worst control ever.. i have played on a game,0
qids zero : very consistent game and runs smoothly,1
gangwei ho : fun game with nice graphics,1
l n : very nice graphics very addictive,1
nithish shriram : good one with massive graphics,1
thabiso kabelo : this game make my mind be peaceful and my vision strong for car games,1
donga sivaji : excellent game please add cookpit camara,1
emmanuel ojobor : very nice game... but the control is hard,1
andrew herrera : its really cool i love driving the ae86 like car its really cool,1
martyn kay : controls are awful . didn't waste much time before i deleted it tbh .,0
henrik hakobyan : please fix the camera,1
mc cecix : its a great game.... also a great time killer. :),1
aio : only problem with controls,0
joseph reilly : fun game really like the drifting feature,1
san : feels retro but in a good way,1
nickz 1 : this was the best game to play in online classes 10/10,1
mrkevman : boring and too hard.,1
imperial power electromechanical works llc : olden times game good but plsss make daily reward so we can gwt moeny easliy every day 40k,1
candace hightower : its really good and has high risk keep it up!,1
jamiah wesley britt : love the game,1
israel mutiso : boring... i downloaded it twice but refused to play,1
vahid alvandi : poor game play and control. do not worth even a bit waste to download,0
shinoj valsan : amazing graphics..and never bored,1
khurram mazhar amir : fun game best endless cross country driving game i know,1
savage x : cool game controls are kinda hard,1
pranoj dm : worst app ever! you gotta make in app purchase to even play this game. worthless,1
that weird guy 21 : pretty good controls and good gameplay,1
kamron : steering could be a bit better,1
marcos charalambus : this is the best drift game i've ever played.plus it's like a role play game,1
illnest : pretty cool game when you need to kill time,1
sam purvis : i think i get a free car for doing a review. great game,1
ladson monteiro : controlling is very difficult this has to fix plz don't waste your data,0
tejas margi : nice game and good graphic.,1
jesus martinez : fun,1
el bogy : its graet game u can play it anytime and its so funny,1
all things garvey : this game is very good i like that my passenger is talking you really need to keep it updated,1
prathamesh more : really good game. i just keep playing for hours.,1
manjunath navada : the best car enthusiast based casual game ever!!!!!!,1
lukemaduct 11248 : great graphics and gameplay,1
issam khalaf : it's hard to drive,1
heinderich potgieter : good game like new update i got me an controller to play the game so fun can't wait for new update thanks,1
santosh . m : waste game. controls are not at responsive.,1
rahul bali : not good experience. cant clear tutorial. stupid game.,1
joy : pretty good aesthetics and fun time killer,1
janet nginyo : the game looked fun but it rifused to work on my phone,1
tom walker : a very good game but the currentcey needs to be abit higher,1
wonder volt : good graphics poor controls,1
chandra sekhar : graphics should be improved,1
cordrick sago : great way to pass the time offline.,1
lucky ananta : superbly addicting and fun to play,1
scarred sunburn : i love the drifting so much its very fun lol,1
henry : great graphics and gameplay,1
daniel perry : amazing game,1
aquila ziddah : it's super fun for when you are bored,1
dakota bullock : great lots of customizations.,1
sai dhiraj : improve the controls please they are really worst,0
dane dane : some things coud be fixed but overall its a good game,1
radovan spiric : great at all graphics controls concept,0
abhiram abhirenjam007 : nice game good graphics cowboy mood nice..,1
lena fehr : really needs a brake and a speed,1
liu wong : bad controls. not good.,0
blake miller : no lagges and not that many ads,0
isaiah elliott : it gives very little adds and is very well made,0
lance diga : nice game and awesome but it can improve more,1
subhradeep bhattacharyya : i have played lots of raceing game probably this one of the best in that small size game.,1
luke cleal : very entertaining,1
red exile : i like the game very much! it's a very smooth running game,1
yashraj patil : nice game should work on graphics,1
elias : great game. although,1
ruby wilhelmi : the controls arent the best but three stars is alot to me lol,0
supercraft 64 : very cool little game,1
cameron bender : very fun but can be very hard,1
angelo ortega : controls are a little wonky. fun,1
isaiah gabriel : its really great controls r easy,1
carl nestor : very simple and fun,1
levian battal : bad cotrols and sensitivity makes you wanna uninstall the game,1
kingsely nesarajah : good game like the clear graphics,1
joni lindfors : this game forces you to watch ads in order to play.,0
muhammad khalis : this game was so cool but it have many ad so i give 4 stars,1
ace0708 : its homestly the best for just killing time,1
rajkumar khanna : nice game...help u to focus. thumb up,1
bobby angelo bilao : i gave it 4 stars so that the devs will develop it more. i love this game!!!,1
sn playlists : its fun for a mobile game,1
banzai charge : hope there is a intersection where u can turn left and right,1
shahbaz sanim : a good games,1
getnerfed kid : this game has you max out "coolness" before you actually play it. not worth your time.,1
ngwanamankwana bosebjadi : i like this game it's a great game easy to play it's cool that why i'm giving it 5 stars,1
furious j : vwry good graphics and control,1
cak resek kharisma : thanks for fixing the game. now it could run in my device.,1
evil patrick : its a nice game but controls are hard,1
daniel silva : addicting. thank you,1
ayudh das roy : i think it's simply awesome! that's all you need to know.,1
rithin chintu : controls are more hard,1
john herbert : good more cars and levels,1
arastoo abasi : suggestion: would you please show number of the coin that we getting during the game?,1
aalbey r joseph : i loved all cars in the game and the game is awesome,1
cristian villela : a simple game but really addictive,1
kishor makhodia : very good gaming experience. thank yoy for the game.,1
m 479 : nice but could use coolness widebody kits,1
shudhashekhar das : love the graphics . . its classic,1
sneaky walrus : good game but needs more levels,1
timea timea : very good but add in a ranking systum,1
naveen sharma : very bad control ....this game is worst game i have ever played before..,0
arturo guerrero : great art game and nice old school gameplay,1
truckhost : super game for me because high graphics smoth in low end devices,1
steven bair : ehh it's a ok game. kinda hard to drive in it.,1
youwantacheezeburger : it's a fun game. i haven't had any troubles with this game. 5/5 stars,1
arnold mwanganyi : very interesting game.....loved the whole vintage wise gameplay,1
chag clips : this is one of the best car game i played it is very relaxing,1
mage games : really fun and simple,1
miguel victor gabo : interesting game,1
venkatesan v : hi the game is really nice intuitive,1
unidentified gaming : good but controls are hard,1
elia mwakimonyile : i've downloaded it but i don't play at all,1
elijah unashamed : fun and i love the art style,1
mike townsend : i adore this game its so much fun. keep up the good work,1
andrew gibb : this game look cool and nice and it look funny then i thought,1
ayush samanta : the best graphics offline game i ve played ever best game liked it,1
saurabh pandey : its good,1
nipun jayasinghe : good. low in size but can enjoy,1
felicia phillips : its good graphics.,1
bagus salahudin : good game,1
evan cacomanolis : fun once you get used to how the mechanics,1
drake chalker : really fun and simple,1
terence gatt : chill and relaxing but needs more spice as it will. get boring after a while,0
lucas palamara : such a great game. if your looking to get it,1
naman lehri : its just so fun to play. i could play for hours,1
vernon henderson : love this game and all it has to offer adrenaline rush,1
akshat shrivastava : @typicalfish seems you are just a noob with a garbage mobile,1
kateregga solomon : so wonderful,1
chris : i don't play phone games a lot but this game is really fun,1
derik keet : its an awesoem game thanks bit more feathers but its cool,1
mystic reubini : aw some graphics and really fun game,1
deepak k : f..king controls why they didnt add a tilt control,0
severine paul : filed with only ads,0
adrian sam seno : love gameplay and the graphics its so amazing ;),1
mahedra gopal : the game is very interesting so that i can play lot make more such that please,1
pdia879 : i like the graphic. not so bad. enjoyable game,1
mack louis : handling can be better besides that ,1
cagr dascan : very bea iful grafic design and good gameplay,1
aditya nath : nice game and a good way to do time pass,1
vaibhav dabwal : good game too many ads tho,1
tridip kalita : only the controls are peculiar.......,1
callum harmer : adictive and it never gets boribg no matter how many times you play,1
albert peter : really nice nd smooth graphics,1
jaahnavi bh : noice but controls is hard..,1
rathead : love the art style love the gameplay sooo good,1
m. shahriza rijadi : very addictive! been playing this for 12 hrs straight,1
wilfred bedford : its a little confusing but kinda neat,1
im at google : good game,1
brant picasso : very good game except for laggy controls,1
hachi roku : nice graphics though the controls are wacky,1
voidz : wish it had multiplayer,1
fuji-san! ? : pretty good game just increase rewards is all,1
chizo : pretty good. nothing to say. maybe add canada one day,1
robert matheny : so far i like it but has the potential of making me love it great game,1
nick corbin : very good driving game to pass time,1
vlk sick : nice game graphics 10 control 10,1
david ubersteuernen : had to pay just to be able to play this game properly.......,1
william : it's not a bad game easy to pick up and play.,1
traci ruhl : it fun and it has good grafics,1
indu devi : good game but not have nice graphics,1
farrelys : this game is good maybe add multiplayer mode i like this game so much,1
donnie lighto : had alot of fun playing it ,1
a google user : its a good game but a little hard to control,1
gods of wolfs : its alright but needs a bit of more work in it,1
mohamed abd el-salam : paid game quality + free to progress,1
valentin finozzi : beautiful and hypnotic,1
sky anthro : i love it! thanks for adding the crx ^-^,1
aditya rathore : something is wrong with audio of the game its not clear,0
krish kher : brilliant game to pass the time,1
g-24-tharun.s : graphics is excellent,1
zumar hanif : this game has a stupid controls it's terrible,0
max turbo : it's good but the physics aren't great,1
prathivana ram : relaxing and simple.,1
egg ._. : best free mobile game ive found in the past year,1
shiva mahat : nice game it's make kid's happy it may be more better by your hard work i appreciate your work ...,1
aman juyal : for me it was too difficult to control the car,1
dragos toma teodorescu : is a very good game,1
tom putnam : i'm thoughly enjoying it and was surpised at how well made it is.,1
vasu 8th-f : best but hard hard when you grow,1
vadivel hitler : worst game ever played. it's simply waste of time,1
brayden tam : can't describe this game is a bit addictive if you used to it,1
ganga netam : this game is good good graphics good steering,1
tyler fernandez : quality,1
aguilar : awesome! addicting and nice little game..,1
sasi rekha : i like the game and it is great and very wonderful game i like the experience,1
aaditya tiwari : very nice game so install it super good control trustworthy & fruitful game,1
ahad arain : why is every game crashing on my tablet that i download omg.....just fix the damn game,0
just kicking : really fun and some cool cars,1
jacob robinson : damm this is amazing wish i had jdm cars in it and city maps pls,1
ben flavell : great little game for casual & hardcore gamers,1
clay johnson : it very fun and good waste of time,1
dutch : improve the graphics a bit please...,1
flynn taggart : very nice game if you have time to waste waste it on this app,1
taras prystatsky : extremely stylish and smooth game,1
it's narendran : very classic and addictive game.,1
joseph pirelli : good physics,1
elias javier : soooooo fun and technical. pretty funny too i love ot,1
jacob s. : game won't open on the galaxy s9+.,1
ajay pullemala : i always play this game whenever it feels,1
heyit'shenry : really nice,1
sitarani mohapatra : very good controls snd graphics,1
phantom dragon : it's really fun great for killing time,1
gilang sastrawidjaya : this game is so simple yet so addictive! love it!,1
ahmed lotfy : bueatiful grafics but no gyro steering and controls suck,0
reid baxter : crashes right at opening.,1
douglas hoyos : fun game and cool graphics!,1
abhishak dhar : good but controlling is very hard,1
rafi latief : more maps and more japanese car,1
cisco jugo : forced me to rate it after just a couple minutes playing.,1
stefanus harefa : this game is good. i have made video of this game. check my channel stefanus harefa on youtube,1
charlie nason : this game is great it is also a great time consumer,1
ocelot sf : game lost my progress after 2 years of not joining in,1
sai subham routray : this is a very amazing car drifting game,1
vishal khandate : goog graphics and algorithms .,1
demon soldier : too many ads wth,0
sonia toppo : nice controls,1
priyanka p : amazing story. im just so good at this game.....,1
menchavez t v t : this is a great game!!!!!! i highly recommend it ......didn't expect it to be this good...wowwww!!!!.download it right now if your reading thissss!!!!!5 star for me....love it.....,1
redvsbul 1 : i love this game it's a little hard at first but once you get yust to it it's good,1
pavan cs : best game with coolest graphics,1
ro'is bichram : this application is statisfying.... i can play it relax thanks,1
ron m : more ads than gameplay,1
leena mohanty : its very addictive.you should give it a try.,1
invincible cat : it is the best game i've ever played and i watched the video it was super funny. 5 stars,1
chofe : i just rated it 3 stars cuz it wont let me play until i rate the game..,1
azrael evins : pretty challenging overall a great game,1
dimitur velev : love it. cars look great!,1
silviu apostol : pretty fun racer with lots of content,1
monica botucatu : not a a game,1
adfgh wffgf : its an amazing game hats off to them no wonder they got editors choice,1
junior edwards : the game is so lit..a mean i cant describe the feeling of the game..i would rate 1000 stars,1
ayananka dutta : please keep updating the game regularly with new stuffs,1
leeron abaca : good gameplay and one of my favorite cars are here,1
peppermint : perfect game to waist time,1
i got the shitsuma : very good game i like the art style.,1
chris emmanuel malaca : add more cars and map put some set of wheels,1
tahir ahmad : i had a wonderful experience help with stress to,1
rubaiyat rahman : this game has so much chance but they ruined it. it finishes even before it starts,1
sahil shukla : end game. i recommend this game to all gamers. very addictive game.,1
joseph duncan : maybe and upgrades to each car,1
chumesh bhasakhetri : i am play this game. this is very good and this game control is easy,1
ashwin barik : please add no cars in zen mode. please,1
tim hook : fun,1
kyle weintraub : this is the best gamr if your looking for something to do.,1
eugene enslin : good graphics just need turns,1
10_a_rohit chavan : not like the controls at all,0
sakib m dee : very baad and hard game one an only boring,1
michael gulliver : fun and easy to play,1
gunsack : there's no ads and it's a phone game that's all i gotta say,1
vikas : very nonsense game. poor infrastructure.,1
sarita kumari : its too fun and i like the voice,1
tabita karjee : this is good game but the control is viseble pleas slove this problem,1
lilwrld : good game with great graphics,1
ahmad fahrurrozi : good game,1
indenial : a really fun game so far. keep it up.,1
colin taylor : really fun but the shop is took expensive,1
nick hamilton : fun game but when i reviewed the game i didnt get my free car i was promised,1
chaitanya kishore : good game with best graphics,1
todi nikkoly : fantastic. music,1
aqsin sulxayev : good game but car control very hard,1
rinkal panchal : nice game but you must add more dialogs,1
basyl bryan : its a wonderful game for being just' driving.,1
sabab m. alam : great game,1
janet kent : great blocky graphics.,1
saisanu kishore : a super duper game slightly boring but its a good game,1
alex hislop : beautiful,1
christian q. encierto : good game. but the controls is hard for me,1
brandon robinson : good game so far can work more on controls,1
avishek gupta : very addictive..but really a classic,1
aman kumar : love the starting music !!!,1
yahyaa shaikh : woahh a good game a bit tricky but well made and sooo simple,1
reshmi ramanan : tilt should be a option in the controls,1
jashwanth prabu : nice but controls are little bit,1
dima aleksich : very addictive ,1
isak alvegran : really satisfying driving experience,1
kate kivi : trash i connot even change ftom zen mode.,1
peter uche : the app keeps crashing,1
baka baka : the game is good but i dont like the controller,1
korteks visceralzen : thank you for supporting a game pad!,1
shadow_chris : it's like i'm back at the classics and it's fun to play,1
ravindranath chowdary : we have to stick with this steering alone which is frustrating,1
fahad khan : very intersting game and 4 level is not her make this game is awosme,1
andrew marsh : it's really fun i don't think it needs to changed,1
flyde : good time waster simple yet fun,1
no name : great design,1
krysia m : honestly ,1
dave herault : good game just good love the feel and.how it keeps me busy and gives me a.challenge,1
mike smith ii : really fun game once you get the hang of it.,1
vedant varma : not good driving controls,1
carlos mojica-escobedo : i didn't like it,1
alex turner : cool too many ads tho,1
savage king : more controls would help,1
black mamba : lots of cars and a good game over all,1
karl owen boholano : good quality graphics,1
rj marrow : it's all about the luck really and yeah it's fun,1
dont hack : its super awsome car collection game. but i tried to cheat it so i got bord,1
patel dhruv : nice but after playing daily it's feelboring,1
nokuzola ngcobo : boring no actoin its wack how are things going on in the background and i don't think it's going well for you and your business you can do that for the first time in a long time,1
nizar aquil : enjoyable game good graphics nice idea,1
connor dockery : great game just if it let us go more off road it would be the best game,1
omar shaikh : it's good. there like few currency types.,1
nokia : fun and simple game.,1
lonzo kuzma : the game sucks and the controls are so bad,0
dislosad erarer : great game its a bit hard but even addictive,1
woodland hamilton : a nice game to waist time during the day.,1
alex : very good game! but i lost my progress... (,1
carneljr faulkner : i like the free map and cars.,1
a google user : the game is fine tho i which you could change your car,1
demir.a : best casual driving game on google play store.,1
pickles 111 : turn on so lofi an just drive at most one of the best driving games^_________^,1
dexter : the controls are not that good.,1
virus x : this game is so great ,1
boran er : nice relaxing game not that easy nor that hard,1
manu g nath : controls is not well...,0
sanjib das : nice game with good graphics,1
mongezi mgidi : it is a amazing game but i don't know how to breakdown the speed,1
riley begaye : it's a good game it has good graphics,1
jaimes fernandos alves : good but i think there should be more customisation options,1
jamal terrance : great game simple smooth entertainment,1
ethan hughes : good game,1
yankees life : very good game not pay to win love it please make good updates!,1
bojan novakovic : way too hard. not too interesting,1
reave shepherd : great game,1
akchiche arab : you must add free controls like move the break boutton,1
sina darvishi : please ad new map very and ad multilayer goooooooooooood,1
luc mondoux : too many adds. controls are iffy,0
jaydeb mahato : totaly a fun ,1
samux : there is no control adjust option,1
athariq akbar : realy fun to play,1
richard ramirez : this game is fun and addictive. i'm personally into drifting and this definitely hits the spot when i gone off that private reserve top shelf dank. in fact i have the dankest buds in town,1
william richards : i love the physics and choice of many cars,1
sridevi appari : nice game we can also developed from the google play service,1
chanvong nget : to many ads,0
johnny bm : super addicting,1
froztfox 02 : i love this game like a was deja vu and have ae86 good game,1
harsha draws : nice but controling performance is less,1
nkosana junior : developers have upgrade to latest vehicles,1
killjoy123 fromyoutube : this games is so cool i like this car games please create a new game,1
hasiru chamika : not so cool raining ads,1
ed the red : the physics are horrendous!,0
tristan laten : it's probably one of the best undiscovered game out there!!!,1
kahlil gibran : cool game... a bit hard but fun,1
robert lopez : really fun,1
nishchay phatak : goo game..but it's a little to pointless..great to just waste time on.,1
june marie : pretty good. don't much care for the pro camera,1
kim anderberg : just great,1
sourabh gharde : addictive game with good graphic abd controled,1
wade mcgarvey : very fun car selection is sooo cool,1
melinda jacobs : its a fun game but also very hard,1
antisocial lad : awesome game and it's super easy to play,1
siva swaroop : good one with cool graphics,1
p0tat0 buddy : nice graphics but reapitive gameplay,1
nate sieler : supreme game pretty fun,1
bayraabilgee baagii : this is really cool game i like it it gives cars i like this,1
dandcool : yeah it was illegal for me not to 5 star this i'm having too much fun (nice time farming caps in zen lol),1
hifaz tm : good but some ads,1
yurie c. sebastian : great game but is so hard to turn but its fine,1
fazila :d : nice graphics nice vehicles nice....,1
mr. youtuber : graphic and game is awesome,1
conall : the app won't start (moto g6 plus),1
t sk8er : this game is so much fun,1
chucky nunchucks. : great and relaxing,1
jason superdock : just a whole lot of casual fun. well done.,1
kirby thomas : this game is percent awesome...i totally recommend it to everyone.,1
bengia ray : i love this game great graphics really love it,1
badass foxer : lots of fun and thrilling gaming experience,1
christian gichane : this game is awesome so far there no levels all the haters don't trash talk this game,1
giwrgos kefallinos : best game and i only playing it for like 20 min. i have no words,1
john livia : fun!!!! but a little bit confusing,1
fani bacsi : i dont get it. is the game where basicly the main thing is drive slow???,1
mamata jena : one of the creative games i have played ever.,1
russell madanhire : grt game but hey the roads are too narrowsheeeeesh,1
thelian nunez : great game,1
someone : it was a nice nastalgic and retro feeling,1
steven gill : 30 second ads? not worth it,1
the roasted memes : so far loveing it but if its possible make it multiplayer,1
jalandoni almuete : little option on car maneuvering,1
freddie salim : well worth money spend in games. buy your dream cartoon car,1
nikolas marosfalvy : i love this game i like the poly stile and the games physics and,1
cemal cemil : very fun games and i like the style of the game,1
faizal ishak : better if with more sensitif movement,1
ed heller : good graphics fun forever driver,1
mahendra p sopaheluwakan : great one ill change it after i play it for few more days,1
lohith briznath : never came across a game like this!! keep up the good work,1
juan govea : game is very fun and challenging,1
thierry williams : you should add tilt steering in the game,1
someone 1 : to many ads,0
mikael : amazing,1
daniyal chaudhary : classic game.. owesome idea and good executed...,1
lungelo nzama lungelo nzama : i don't know why but the game keeps crashing on my phone,1
derek roche : good game so far graphics are cool,1
vicky sahu : graphics are very good,1
altin kamberi : its fun but little hard,1
jordan mclaughlin : fun game but it really hounds you to give it a rating,1
gabriel clausen : i like the game it's fun and a good time passer,1
thunder hawk : amazing game only small brain people will hate this game,1
jason moodley : puss game crashed as soon as i downloaded it . i rated this as one cause there is no zero here,1
syed suddais : this game is extreamly good and exiting oh man keep it up make games like this,1
rashid siddiqui : graphics are ok but veryyyy amazing game,1
pradeep satija : it is a excellent game but their should be some improvement,1
alex stk : its a very good game but the control is very clumsy,1
nulungery #1 : its ok its the controls that to be fixed,0
ayoub : too much ads,1
mr_pickles : its a great game for anyone i enjoyed it so much an it also have updatas great game,1
dyas adiyaksa : easy and fun to play,1
axel pereyra : cant play,1
jolie kubota : its fun but its so hard to grinde,1
rudra raja bundela : not working in my phone please do something samsung galaxy core 2 but i am rating 5 star,0
tank w0rrior : good fun game to play when you are bored,1
generic youtube channel : great game,1
nora ibishi : nice too many ads tho,0
cusco othriyas : one of the now (unfortunately) rare polished games out on the mobile market today,1
ridham jain : wrost game. controls are not good .,1
mark matunga : best game but you could try to make it better but i'll give it a 5-star,1
nilay : it's not working after new update...,1
asad hussain : we've desert,1
nhlanhla joy : awesome graphics,1
matt george : good fun but repetitive.,1
ivaylo ivanov : nice game,1
woofle waffle : this game is everything i've been looking for,1
nibin k varghese : liked it !! it's smooth!!,1
royal guard : seems a really good game,1
fayadh umar : a great game to play when your wifi is down and whan its up,1
xii-s3 kishore s : this is a shity game... don't play rhus game ... controls are not nice,1
will berry : fast pace game play makes it a good got nothing to do game good work,1
bremizz : great game doesn't make alot of sense but still cool,1
cooper d : so easy to play and very fun!,1
akshay : best car game played ever must try this one time,1
grandpa seal : fun... but also download was 69.69 mb so extra star,1
maximus goodwin : great game really fun and simple.,1
abdul wahab : very good game simple and fun.,1
portablebox : fun and simple.,1
spaceknight : great game! all i want is mods for the cars.,1
chris miller : it is fun to drive. i could play for hours.,1
blac pathar : the game is good but it needs some debugging,1
oluwafikayomi olanbiwoninu : i love the weights it gives the different cars,1
avero : pretty fun and challenging,1
soumya mitra : the game was overall good but after sometime it gets bored...,1
mikey o'shea : very fun and a great passtime i would defentley reccomend,1
midhun jjk : nice game but it's hard to control,1
vince cronk : this is the perfect chill game. im having a blast so far!,1
saurabh : didn't come out as expected,0
seth brown : the game is one of the best put together games on mobile all around grate game,1
marshmellow lord2 : it was fun and i didn't run into any problems.,0
andrew domadius : pretty fun and challenging,1
adarsh pandit : it's really to play when you're bored,1
sodeeq shittu : the upgrades reflect so much that's a good one,1
kamran rai : it's a perfect offline gam3,1
twister : great looking and very addictive game(play).,1
mr p : i had so much fun playing this game. also,1
siddharth thosar : nice game but u need improve but its cool,1
soyboy senpai : i love it good for freetime and lounging,1
supersonic413 : super fun and a great time waster,1
kira sato : the game is amazing ngl. i definitely recommend downloading it :),1
william divine : fun,1
bayron calles : controls are wonky but fun game,1
bill wake : perfect! (would kill for a new map though),1
suraj jed : the graphic are very good,1
the killer : good game we are waiting for new importants updates,1
tyler : very fun and helps kill time,1
dice_productions : very easy to get the hang of,1
alexander dejanovic : a really well made little car game,1
katikala prashanth : add multiplayer for good gaming experience,1
raka aqila rabbani : very,1
savita shenoy : very nice app very friendly and nice,1
althaf atthaillah : the control was amazing. its a cool game,1
king queen : good game but incrase the graphics pls,1
zhawn1337 tv : really nice addicting game if you know how to play,1
carlton josh saturno : finally,1
alton c : its perfect great for realeving stress,1
sudhakar lal : lots of advertisements,1
bruce wayne : its a calm and good game if youre stresst,1
raman kumar : worst game there is no controls..,0
stay why : is really relaxing to just drive around,1
demon : i have never played good game like this the good thing is it is offline i loves it very much,1
ivan cuk : fun and nice looking low poly game,1
shahzaib awan : very nice install a steering wheel,1
jon sabell : nota fan of ads but i get it.,1
josia gommel : simply the best! nah im kidding,1
noor nawaz : very cool physics. overall very good,1
mr. peanut : one of the only good free games on the market,1
ye aung paing : nice graphic fun to play,1
the musical fridge : i would give this game all the five stars if you guys tell me how to take off zen mode,1
arnav munshi : best car experience in off road ..,1
benedict pepino : fun and super easy game,1
alvinio 25 : very good game but at what time a new map,1
martin l. sorensen : too hard to control,1
robert heritage : ads suck sound sucks speech annoying,0
ewen shannon : can't go 5secs without a 30sec ad. sod that,1
boomdart : love it so much fun worth paying for,1
ali shahid : very fun game although i dont know what i'm meant to achieve,1
bert mayo : i love this game the graphics and game play is so cool,1
a google user : its not good game its a very hard no control no staring no system please u dont dwonload this game,1
electric cookie : really enjoyable,1
chhonip kumar : great game must play for challenge seekers,1
anil paulose : nicely designed for car,1
jannuel paredes : awesome game with cool car and maps,1
nitish kumar : simply full of adds,1
everett miller : great fun little confusing at first,1
lucas benitez : good game not to many adds like every other game.,0
loui preston : really good graphics love it,1
aditya jagtap : addictive. easy but fun.,1
mikyas melese : the turn speed is so fast please reduce it,1
ahnaf tahmid : nice graphics overall,1
da shah : awsome graphics,1
damjan : trying to control the car kills all the joy,1
alice mina : the graphics is nice...,1
misa sztaniszlav : super fun and easy,1
chaitanya patil : nice game best part its good and even offline,1
_gaymerman _ : very relaxing and intense.,1
arlene torres : great game loved the graphics,1
vishwajeet singh shekhawat 20earad054 : cool graphics and awesome game,1
glen small : really good graphics,1
ali morshedloo : the graphic is awesome and i really enjoy playing it.,1
partha pratim deka : amazing game really liked its simple yet very cool,1
capidareus : love it but damn the drift is hard,1
danish zulkarnain : satisfying game to play to get out of boredom,1
marcho barnard : hub visibility settings needed plz,1
luxoryxz : good game controls need to be better,1
lashay miller : love it great game i hope it continues to grow,1
a google user : good game a bit of wonky controls,1
random plays : hard to earn money and get cars not worth it,1
mousumi shaw : very nice game but needs improvement,1
a google user : nice game to show our driving skills,1
joycette rodriguez : it's cool but i dont like the referee or riders additude,1
ahmed abdelkhalek : very good but need some updates to be more fun,1
abhishek sharma : great game,1
cara boring : very good graphics,1
atom knight : removed the ads please !!,1
rowie goze : it's a good game but we need more cars,1
micah lax : very good graphics,1
matt m. : dont like the controls.,1
a google user : so much fun something that you can get bored on,1
sam official : i love this game textures.,1
jonathan regoh : nice mechanic the game is so cool,1
patrick v tonder : its fun but it fades after time,1
menos 3095 : very good graphics,1
mohan raut : super game... awesome work,1
michael ian reyes : i'm givinf 4 stars because i can't figure out how to do a combo. can someone please teach me,1
aissa kaouch : it's a very sick game with good features.,1
boris vladisavljev : this game is fun but the controls are bad,1
vedant patel : i love this game very much its has good graphics,1
striix : great game really worth spending your time,1
rizky satari : this game is amazing,1
saurav jaswal : grafics are good and nices cars collection too,1
tizpaali : a great racing game for mobile,1
romantic videos : sensor control should be add,0
marvi agnes juanillo : plse add update with fast and furious cars,1
ali shehroz naqvi : nice game i've spent a lot of time playing it.....,1
leo : good but can't even continue for a good stretch,1
tyrone z z z z : love this game!! 10/10 to the developers!!,1
dolox : great the controls are the best,1
paolo portales : this game is great....i love the graphics,1
victor mostacero : so much fun so many cars,1
branden sensabaugh : the braking could be better,1
julius chua : very entertaining great pass time,1
srinivasa sai kiran kasibhotla : nice gameplay but severe battery draining.,1
green wolfieee : i like the style and the art. awesome!,1
richard baba : very cool little car driving game,1
lachlan barnard : best car game ever played on mobile,1
soahail mohammad : game is terrable and controls highly super,1
jj : very fun and time consuming,1
tyson last : pretty good need to play more to get a good opinion,1
kriegsmen : hard controls. just what i like,1
drake malt : is a really fun and simple game,1
neway tg : i like graphics man its awesome and the anime of car its beatifull,1
aaron huff : it is amazing i mean there are no words to describe how awesome this game is.,1
abhay wadetwar : best vintage cars racing game,1
arra sudhaker : ya it is a wonderful offline game.,1
himesh achary : a very fun game to the core....really enjoyed playing it,1
erk berserk : not quite what i thought it would be. but intersting concept. id fun so fae,1
pradeep nayak : i just love this game... :) music player is missing :),1
jeff dias 9b 39 : best game for low end divises,1
jc espiritu : nice to play when your tired playing action games!,1
harez halkwt : very beautiful game but no breaks,1
maliek the baller : wish there was more options of streets and turns,1
tanatat tat : can't stop playing this!,1
sumit bajracharya : it can be improved like going to the side,1
adrian omiter : it's amazing graphics and fun game i like it,1
deepanshu saroha 12 arts : this is very interesting and not boring game and very very nice game,1
adam walls : good game needs brakes to regen faster tho,1
gfhzon : i love this game it is challenging and fun,1
warriors gaming : it is very good game i love this game and i play this 5 hour make one more game like this,1
akshay amrit : game keeps crashing.,1
abhi s : this game has got some level!!! classy and amazing. i love it,1
jasley de vera : its a great game but hard to control,1
enzo tejones : the game itself is good. fun and entertaining.,1
pineapple : i like the game but the first car sways a lot,1
koko pop16 : simple nice game and interesting one,1
dora buji : i can't play this game,1
stuart mcgregor : awesome for. people wanting to drive with a nice.style,1
brave sp1r1t : beggining is good. will rise it if it's not p2w heavy,1
a_gmz g : incredible game good graphics,1
lucas devold : entertaining,1
usman ali : veri nice game but controling problem,1
cool kid : it's good and theres barley amy ads,1
duc anh tran : can't connect with google play game after the latest update,0
jakob millers : it so fun but i wish it had some mini games,1
daniel prather : its okay. need more custom cars,1
mr. k : amazing game. really hard too!,1
whyllie g : good game just wanted the free car,1
airiel hakeem : pretty cool. no more words.,1
lemanuel jones : pretty hard but it is fun,1
dion aster : very nice game can you all add a tesla cybertruck or an xuv 500 w10,1
budapest jt : the best game ever i played in android.......this is stress buster,1
luke dore-wright : awesome game really fun and a good time waster,1
devansh choudhary : worst game can't control the car,1
kembara hijrah : you need to add some hint to the mission... drive the bubble rebel?... what the heck is that,0
thekdrerik : cool game but sometimes there is no possibility to stay alive,1
mohammed mihuzaal : nice the grachics are cool i really think your team took some time to do this,1
savidu harithadesha : fun game,1
john crays : good controls and fun,1
eric olorunfemi : can't seem to stop coming back for more. great game...,1
nurokeypro : simple but addictive game,1
on line : the new update is pretty good but i didn't like the new voice,1
padmini subraya : best game ever with best graphics,1
kudus satrio : play while u listen to eurobeat remix. thank me later,1
safwan syafiq : very nice game..play with initial d soundtrack,1
alphs smart : best good like new game graphics good,1
manoj chikara : graphics are not good,1
lumine : great game and good graphics,1
francis da costa : the physics is a lil weird bjt overall great game,1
paul compton : doesn't load on note s9 galaxy..sad..,0
adam danish : it hard to play but it fun,1
nancy hayes : it's a challenge and i love challenge,1
somyajit nath : amazing game...very different from other games similar to this,1
cenean daniel : this game is so smooth and aesthetic and i love it,1
naveed shahid : nice game if you are bored you can play game will make you happy,1
latrice brown : it's fun to play it in past the car,1
rio kun : good but need faster cars,1
gio geladze : it relay good game but it would by beter if there were phone stearing,1
sathish k : beautiful game stunning 2d graphics,1
jack kecix : installed..uninstall it in just 2 minute..game sucks...,1
hermenegildo gutierrez : tilt-shift controls please!,1
oozy q : pretty fun game! runs smooth,1
cohen mcilwaine : good controls and looks nice,1
matthew wendt : annoying at first,1
dj russia : it really cool game it like a 3d game car,1
jossue : pretty fun to pass the time,1
rishi shah : the game needs a good handling,1
slow_ koup : super fun,1
matt beeby : the service was great,1
jonathon baker : yeah wow man great game i deffinitly just dont want the in game stuff i get for rating,1
hitarth singaria : i love it,1
zach marenchin : pretty fun and addicting.,1
andre caldeira : cool game simple and funny,1
dr pain : hooo that is the best one love to play it so relaxing love 3d effect on manu,1
emmanuel vedast : it's a quality game but hard,1
adonai herrera : it's a fun game. i've been looking for a fun game to play on my phone and i found a fun game and it's this game,1
not yarden : very good looking and very good gameplay,1
jt ginter : good racing game (you cant find those everywhere),1
radha krishna addanki : nice game but hard to controle,1
eastoftheriver losangeles : fun,1
punit mc : nice game very tough to a make a high score,1
levin gt-apex : very good! lots of replay value.,1
lincoln sletten : pretty basic driving game,1
seth9 : a good game and somewhat difficult.,1
smerto : it's good the art style is also good,1
noodlebomber : sooooo good. one of the best mobile games ever made.,1
reid deyoung : nice but ads,1
higgins : lack of driving options disappoint me.,1
drinking is fun : game gud,1
johnny laprise : ads,1
ahmad fikri ahmad fadil : too fast to control,0
luiza pertec : cool game! i cant wait for the global online scoring in real time ;),1
juuso pesonen : best endless in the whole appstore!,1
rabeeha shereef : good ! why could you make it an open world like gta ?,1
chris tremblay : fun but keeps crashing,1
rojemie eleosida : just add more and improve more.highly recommend this game.love from philippines,1
saint louis lacriox : great game just to many things are expensive,1
prime vloges fnaf : very good graphics,1
kozika inne : shame controllers are not working with it,1
sacareth : it is very relaxing and entertaining.,1
sam ace : best game ever the cars are awesome,1
iftekhar attar : nice but not interesting you should increase handling,1
alexander e.g. : it exits right after lunch. i can't even play.,1
zodarian ! : great game lots of fun no complaints,1
brenda cortez : it's pretty fun to play i don't think you could change anything about it,1
ralph vincent badenas : the controls are terrible,0
zaine martin : not a bad game but i wish you could steer by tilting the phone,0
janis iesalnieks : super fun game. would recommend to anyone.,1
zach connors : pretty fun needs new upgrades though,1
atanu chattopadhay : game is good but wheres the tilt control ?,1
vinit raut : photo mode not working,1
irfan pathan : controls are not good,1
lucas bychuk : this is a really fun game in general. i really recommend getting it!,1
christopher w.g. tempel : nice game great graphics!,1
timothy kennedy : ame said it would give me a free car for rating,1
nitesh kumar : add dyanmic car damage realistic impact damage add real crashes,1
jesse sutherland : privacy settings and so forth immediate raised red flag,1
kaven. g : good game good graphics good comantary,1
r.i kulhari : this game is very bad . friends do not download this game. you waste your mb just like i waste,0
neavin grootboom : veey good game great grafics too u have to try it,1
sandeep ghosh : good game. make for ios as well.,1
the beast : it is good in pixle graphics,1
aryan soni : this game is nice game but you give some more opitons for control,1
wayne boshoff : simpel game but fun and addicting,1
aravind aby : good graphics...but boring game,1
mohammad thoufiq : good but want more levels that's why 3 stars,1
patrick tomas : glad there isn't a price tag on everything...,1
lesiba lekalakala : no quality graphics,1
cwade : pretty kool,1
gamer lingam : controls and mechanics are awesome,1
jose raynor tibor : the game is quite nice and simple.,1
ashetyn white : upon download,1
aaron skelhorn : "let us harvest all of your data to play". no thanks.,1
goldenpotato450 : its horrible and garbage i went one way and j went off the map,0
first name- -last name : very fun and addicting game would recommend,1
johnny kline : it real fun and a great time consumer,1
nikola milenkovic : kinda boring after some time nothing to achieve,0
brad jackson : the key to the game is to watch out for oncoming traffic,1
chandhu sabu : very bad. dont upload this type dirty waste app,1
sherlwin chua : that game was so good! and also the voice,1
kinda disappointed : this game is really fun and a te killer if you're bored,1
callum beattie : game crashes as soon as i open it,1
akiyam : difficult but really good!,1
vedant shetty : extra ordinary,1
rishab saha : man! im so hooked to this game.... one of my favourite games ever... seriously,1
michael robbertze : it's a dope game,1
oofy head : if you haven't played this game your living under a rock this game is the best!!!! try it out now download it push the download button >:(,1
know g : so much adds,1
brian delp : this game is a really fun and realistic game,1
jeya jeyamani : it is one of the addictive game in play store,1
saifur rahman : very good...simple to play would recommend,1
melanie hoffman : it's a very fun driving game to play,1
mickey malone : the game is good but it is very hard to drive,1
jatin banth : this game graphices are very beautiful,1
fouzia khalid : very good but the car is very fast,1
mr awesome : good game but a little repititive.,1
ahmed tariq : nice game very good design good work,1
jonathan anderson : i could be sitting on a 8 hour bus,1
satish kumar : superb hard game good graphics,1
chirag jambur : epic experience. i'll make it short and sweet. just download it,1
david daniel : 5 stars for the selection of vehicles.,1
yogesh raj : the best casual endless driving game,1
skit : i give this 5 stars ,1
gloomy jack590 : its a very good game but it just needs s little more m aps,1
aravind ea : graphics awesome really,1
rain : awesome game and cant wait for more good updates to come,1
rajam pest controls : super!i love this animation and game,1
mithu mohan : this game is awesome graphics is so nice i have rated 5 stars,1
kasahara hayashi : i like these graphic and cars love it,1
slyphkntt dotdotdot : great concept,1
mais sana : worse game i ever played no steering no brake i don't know how to drive,1
bahia hefner : in order to start playing the game i need to agree for you to download my personal data?! no thanks,1
constantinos syrimis : too early to rate stop asking so early in the game..,0
eathen hunt : love it great game kills the bore time,1
jayapriyan_ : nice game but need to improve more,1
lepani waqatakirewa : cool awsome amazing magnificent any word that describes greatness.,1
joe hill : very fun and good control's,1
luke xoney : no tilt in the controller.... boring,1
spray paint : brilliant graphics good good game,1
jennifer oconnell-brownrigg : nice,1
elijah sheppard : smoothe and very satisfying,1
samer asif : this game is weird because of the driving way,1
les key : it's a good driving game! i think it is very cool!,1
frosty squid4747 : cool game for kides and adults and fun. this game is the best game and is better than pubg and fortnite. this game is a cool game i will give this game a 100/100 rating or 5***** stars.,1
king connor : seems like it would be a good game if it wasn't so hard to control,1
john calvey : forced ad before completing first level.,1
saksham singh : that's what games should look like(realistic),1
michael hulme : the adds are unbearable!,0
mccauley mcintosh : nice game smooth controls,1
mustafa oksay : good game good atmosphere but sucks at gameplay,1
ch sai krishna : worst game in the world worst graphics and worst controls and everything is worst,0
paradi vinay : nyc game you can still improve the driving features,1
aravind rao : one of the best car simulation games i've ever played.,1
furry fury : cars from the best time ,1
ajeeth natarajan : cool game to start for time pass,1
dish : love it when you are getting chased by the police,1
xs7ayerx r : actually really fun not loaded with adds,1
mihir dave : perfect for racing,1
dipankar roy : decent game love the music can cure your bore,1
guampedia : its pretty fun and the game gets better the further you go,1
sully kaiser : really fun game download it love the endless driving download it now,1
mr_ bubble : very good game,1
saifali jagirdar : best time pass game ever i played i like to spend my time on this game thank you for making so good game,1
angel d cabrera : is a really cool game every have to try it esta brutal recomendable,1
khowani ryan : great and you can play offline,1
mr yt : it is best for little time pass in a day nice game,1
aryan swamy : it's nice but you should put another 3 or 4 map,1
fulcrum77 : i just started the game so i don't have much experience but so far i like it,1
familie weissgerber : very fun and challenging,1
daniel ogunsola : good game. a few issues here and there but nothing serious.,1
hasni husin : i kinda bad driver even in real life,1
kent lemon : this game is actually fun to play! kinda reminds me of my first game haha,1
florian t : it's not a bad game and it can get addictive,1
sajira nk : this game has very much graphics,1
fahmi perwira : amazing. i couldn't take it off my hands. i don't expect this good actually lol,1
h user : funniest look like 90,1
diego vito da silva : it's a great game and i recommend for those who want the good and old games,1
daniel maged : nice simple offline game,1
turbo fighter : this is actually pretty good 10/10 would play again,1
izzul aizad : nice game to play while waiting for something,1
ivan diaz : fun game with good controls,1
super man : the game crashes at start,1
red line : this game is awesome please bring motorcycles in the next update,1
the ps 2 guy : pretty cool game cool looking cars.,1
valentin amato : the best arcade game ever!!!,1
pratik patil : very nice game i like this game . you will also like it !!!!,1
rohan sarkate : best mobile game i've ever played. you should try it.,1
mr toed : super fun and really addicting,1
ismail asghar : thid is very good game and it so many cars,1
radguy no111 : best designed mobile game i've seen since clash of clans,1
vcu _ : love it,1
gavin hutchinson : pretty cool game if ya just want to kill some time,1
nitros : fun and simple,1
all in one mini : it is the best car game than is car is amazing that all coller,1
vinicius alves : so good,1
magnificent mayo : this game is fantastic i like and love everything about this game.,1
peter fassler : it's well made no glitches or lagging,1
dave amobi : the graphics is great,1
ivan jeh : very cool! i can deliver tofu really quickly!,1
nirmal y : fun to play love the graphics,1
beamng.friends : best game ever! but please add lada 2015,1
lykoloo : one of the only worthwhile mobile games.,1
matthew vetkoetter : simple and fun game,1
hashim arif : not freezy and very unique,1
j f : not a bad game. only flaw are the braking mechanics,1
wildan kamil : i love the design and game play,1
omyasis beneby : it's an amazing game keep up the good work huys,1
vinzie93 : i love this game has lots of cars.,1
yashwanth sai medico : very pooor sound quality.......,1
eve rose : it is a great game it has cool cars,1
con andoniadis : top stuff,1
mr hacker : really fantastic game very real game very real???,1
anantharaghavan santhanam : really a awsome game pls make more updates keep it up,1
edison chee : best game if your looking for a racing game this is for you,1
pirthi singh : very interesting game but it is ao hard,1
lol miks : best game to play when listening to initial d,1
mansoor ahmed : nice levels enjoying it very much,1
ali aghdam : well! good game simple and entertaining,1
lol stalk : fun and intuitive game!,1
fathima hanna : i like this game very much .it has cool graphics,1
j lag : i gave this game 5 stars because i want to drive around the world,1
mohammed fazal hussain : you getting one star cause you forcing us to rate the game,1
dragonmask absol : fun to play while in school,1
simon delaine : fun and simple,1
muhammad afif : yo i like it man but i need high skill for playing this game,1
sanjay rajput : so and too much bad i think that it time wasting game for gamers,1
thomas craven : fun and easy to play!,1
basic system crash : the contoler if this game garbage you coin is to high ,1
logan megson-wooding : it's just a nice car driving game,1
jackson londero : it's a pretty relaxed game not a lot to say but i like it,1
mike the man : great time killer and lots of fun,1
victor titong : keep up the good work! this game is cool,1
naughty gamer : baddest game i downloadedthis game 8 times but it did not run,1
somaiya andaleeb : i think u should add more controls,1
mike janusz : fun game i really like it. dobra robota chlopaki,1
riley dean : very fun wish you could on pc.,1
shakti guru : it's a very superb driving experience,1
ram prakash : it's have nice concept but i find it boring,1
keegan b : great game love to play offline,1
sachin pawar : worst control of the cars,0
garb0 games : good and fun,1
live gaming and backchodi : nice game love graphics,1
yadunandan bhat : exceptional game and exceptional response by the developers!,1
quinn murray : awsome game good graphics super fun,1
neo! : i love this game one of the only apps i want to spend money on,1
nataniel mamengo : i like it since it's free game and better than the orthers,1
amir abdellaoui : the only game i spent too many time in,1
sumit kumar : this game has the worst driving control ever,0
daniel duenas : fun and simple,1
brendan carlin : 20 second ad after each try? ,0
shikha banerjee : awesome add a truck and van,1
pioneer ridge express : this game is awesome keep up the good work :),1
mihisara jayasinghe : good game but ...a little lag,1
bhawana tiwari : nice game since i 've played ut i don't like leaving it i wish they make such games more,1
caleb rickard : fun game and great mechanics,1
ashley coelho : two words: terrible handling,1
ayan mukherjee. : don't think about it,1
mohammad nadeem : good game.the commentary is very funny.,1
ms s : the game is actually good but it should have some other things too,1
aashish jha : please give an option to save load option game on google play games.,1
dhaval pandya : privacy settings won't open,1
tristan woest : enjoyable and help pass the time,1
oliver arden : very good but pretty hard to control,1
blasteddoge : pretty good game car is very drifty,1
abdul rafay : very beutiful but please update cars like lamborghini or bugatti,1
will crawford : fun game to play on a car ride,1
kaden leck : it's good to the point i don't rlly have the feeling i wanna play it constiley,1
niphaporn mcphail : i love it the cars are fantastic,1
parviz khorshidfard : nice game play nice maps just play this game,1
panda_ codm : good graphics and nice game,1
bularca marius : it is cool but i am thinking of subway surfers when i am playng,1
satish yadav : i love the cars and drives like sports car,1
zerg hirsaw : this work on low device,1
riya patel : its smooth and is looks the best this game is the best i love it,1
henry hesly henry : great graphics game play awesome,1
amir yazdani : everything is great but the quality not,1
ivan nunes : good game i love it just try out its the future game what the hell let's go,1
shane rowell : can you devs add tilt as a control option,1
rmp gaming : this game is legit... so addictive.. could play 24/7,1
gautam gupta : very interesting game and not borringable .,1
ricardo : great,1
denis boutsky : fun and time consuming... nice,1
mirza munir : good graphics nice gameplay,1
commander falcon : a very good free to play game you should play it,1
hemp knight : its fun for now. imma have to keep playin,1
faez mohd : the most perfect game i ever play in my whole life..,1
clarence chren : nice game but it don't have toyota supra,1
navdeep singh : cantrols are not good brakes nd handling,1
mikhail hayles : why does this game need access to my google drive?,0
khumbemo erui : nice game in small mp,1
another day in malaysia : malaysian map! malaysia map! add perodua myvi car too in this game!!!! (believe me if you make myvi car in this game,1
joshua y : pros: looks good. cons: the gameplay,1
shailaja netalkar : awsome game...!! best game to pass time,1
mansur r. : fun game,1
shadab : awesome game #awesome game. very funny and addictive,1
akif ozoksel : nice app but you need the get work a lot,1
razor parsa : a really great game with a ton of new ideas,1
caleb brown : its good for when your board,1
umar muchtar : i very love this game,1
justin tucker : good offline upgrading game,1
carmel fradrick : there is a learning curve to this game ! love it,1
bakhtiar hama : relly relly cool i love that game after install it,1
jo lacnife : best game i played since long time ago super funny,1
lee sneddon : love it and it's quite a relaxing game,1
carmusicvideo : best entertainment and fun recommended this game,1
majid kamran : awesome game awesome graphic,1
paul dexter cuezon : more cars and quality,1
dawson galloway : very good game never lags or anything,1
shantanu mahale : great driving experience!,1
calvin da boi : i always see people say its w a y too hard but you all are just bad at the game.,0
luis martinez : it's awesome and how the way it turns,1
mohd adeeb : it's totally time waste & data wast game,1
tekrar : it's a cool and creative game,1
manasi mule : a excellent offline game to play,1
that guy who stole the cheese : great. one of the best driving games i've ever played,1
g2gamebro : rated 3/5 cause the ad spam it's a decent game otherwise,1
dan overlander : it's well done,1
vineet kabadi : very cool and relaxing game.,1
h m khalid mahmud : worst control,0
dayme valdes : hi this game is fun thank you for making the game.,1
incog nito : meh. technically polished but recycled concept. nothing new here.,1
thomson : the game is nice and there is a lot of cars,1
herrydren : nice game like old-school style,1
reza salar : simple and fun,1
shailesh sharma : excellent for passing time,1
anshu jha : wow. good game and best for lone time..,1
nelson k : i think one of the best games with such less mb i play this almost everyday,1
sam watson : good basic driving game cant complain!,1
shashank sajjan : worst controls ever don't even think of playing this game,1
ben auerbach : a really fun game with a great asthetic.,1
sourav khan : stealing information. graphics is cool. yeah we are human beings,1
glass rose boi : its ok but it gets a bit boring but well done,1
diego reyna : this game is great it simple yet fun,1
john yost : fun game so far but im only just starting to play,1
orlandoda1 : it's really good and smooth,1
shardul : simple and sweet!,1
nathan terer : great game... needs four more maps....,1
ganesh sandav : this game best ever i played.... but please add steering opinion like other apps then i give you 5 stars rating....,1
twolaze blue : it's missing tilt steering,1
creeper bro2020 : the best game ever!!!!! love the cars!,1
james khawlhring : great game! but one thing! i don't know how to trick the police,1
nizar audytore : the graphics like art,1
mamo senpai : 10/10 so cool and relaxing to play,1
dovudxon ect : i like graphics. game scenario is nice,1
rajat agrawal : nice try to make people spend money if they want to start playing.,0
mohamed abdelrazek : cool game but can you make it online,1
afnan safdar : i enjoyed it but after some time you are boured,1
arnel santos : good game,1
trenton murray : really fun and i like the charepter,1
ashwin shetty : great game with fun mechanics,1
ben levine : blatant cash grab and too easy to play,1
roch k : fun car game with good production,1
poison store : wacky drift with innacurate counter steer. fun!,1
roman_gt15 : very fun and addictive. best game ever.,1
andy ariza : the game is cool alot of cars so cool,1
tamago : keep up the good work guys! love the game,1
tray cion x : cool game but it needs more game play,1
biking and jumps : this game runs really well and a good game all around,1
samuel balvin : this game is not very fun but a little fun,1
vinod kumar : cool game but there is no race just drive as it's name says,1
aniket gupta : everything is ok but handling is hard.,1
romeo rabbit : vehicle is a pain to control.,1
isaiah warr : amazing game indie of the month,1
justin : to sure to really tell. it is fun as of now.,1
rajesh kadam : this game graphic is so amazing,1
krisnanto muhammad : fun and simple game,1
mario madison : anyone who spends money on mobile games deserves to get ripped off,1
r4g3 shadow 7567 : fun game lost of cara and maps,1
rajeev shukla : poor control,1
jason harrell jr. : it was fun. it gets old real quick tho,1
savge music : best racing game on android,1
robert bailey : tis alright,1
neha patil : eveyone is right about this gameplay i also loved it and i to sure it will famouse like pubg ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ hopeso~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~,1
carlo nino gonzaga : one star for askin me too early to rate your app.,1
sifiso thwala : this is a really fun game i downloaded it yesterday and i have been playing it ever since,1
rozmina 1980 : the manual is so good i think this was so boring but this game so best,1
ayrton devoy : very fun and relaxing,1
damjan dimitrioski : why do i need to consent for a single player game? i just run and play the game what data do you need to use?,0
geeth saman : what a game.fantastic i love this game so mush keep continue.wish you all the best from sri lanka,1
levi derosas : simple but awesome!,1
bryan : fun game easy time waste,1
naz rul : its kind of lagging,1
hirash ashkan : it's the best racing game. i love it.,1
don toliver : this is the best game ever!! but it could use some more updatez,1
dmitri joseph : fun easy to play,1
sora nai : simple but great! i love it,1
lukas dub : bro just keep working on tha game butiful,1
nazmul hasan : best game but to hard to play.,1
izra miles : steering is kinda hard nut overall cool game,1
mehdi manzoor : awesome game. most addictive after pubg,1
jonathan guzman : perfect game to kill time,1
izaac g : entertaining,1
dean anderson : simple and effective,1
madmax44 : it's different but it's a good time passer i recommend it,1
miguel bedolla : good game to pass the time. would recommend,1
teslim alabi : controls are very sensitive,1
jakayden miree : best only driving game in the world,1
braxton jessie : it's fun no problem and very relaxing,1
spook : pretty fun just a bit grindy though,1
juan liam mapa : epic game it will have so much fun with the game thanks for the game im impressed with it,1
junaid anwar : not addictive or not level ups,1
charze zulu : nice good game atlist ad some breakes,1
hasan murtaza : cool game! keep it up!,1
evan walcott : nice online or offline,1
sabbir kobir : good not bad but make it as like a story mod game,1
mohd ashrick b. mohammad : very nice game it have a nice graphid,1
valerie munoz : love this game is so fun so five stars,1
ibrahim malik : this game is very good don't mind i am doing for taking the car,1
henk prinsloo : it is fun but a but hard,1
gouranga paira : development is needed in the camera view option,1
shane thomas : it's a fun game to just sit down and play,1
srinivasachary gundi : its too difficult to play,1
jared nease : still playing,1
zieggo chiranno : very good game and easy to play thanks,1
rebeka nora : is a good game tho but how to get the cars?,1
dhruv mulmule : awesome style and gameplay,1
louis machin : great game,1
akhlas : i love the visuals of this game!,1
abhishek shukla : osm game. smooth gaming performance... go for it.... best way to get away from boring stuff,1
alexander powerplays : its pretty hard and fun,1
curly : very great game. i like the aesthetics,1
xracer z : it's a nice game its relaxing and fun,1
shaiju iswin : best game for play.all the youngster can play,1
alison paulik : pretty fun and it is beutifal and super fun,1
adrian bartz : it's a very nice game to just play around with if you haven't anything to do.,1
angelo james dela vega : nice game and graphics,1
jaren gilson : this is a amzing game and fun to play,1
gage loveridge : fun nothing to exciting maybe i just get bored quick,1
asha thakur : i like this adventure game and the cars,1
free games : good enough to be on my list actually i don't like car games,1
brandon bairian : had to remove game after i purchased ,1
amit bhole : i can't crash into a train how because you don't give free-time brakes brakes help you stop when i try to brake it says something like a fire in a crossed circle i think that means no fuel so how to help give me infinite fuel,1
benjamin torra : fun,1
nihad p k : worst game ever.. control is very poor,0
danny koentadi : good graphic..control not to good,1
omnia aziz : this game is so awesome download it and play it its really awesome,1
crimson mxwz : nice,1
syed mojiz raza : one of the worst game ever played ! i will not gonna give at least 2 star !,0
jake sharpe : its acctually really fun its the only mobile game i play,1
hamed poorkaveh : good game but hard i love hard games,1
jose mendez : pretty good game helps me entertain my kid and me,1
azfard nation : i don't like the control... all the things is good,1
daniel karta : very hard to drive.,1
akash gautam : wonderfull,1
james devuono : very cool.cant seem to stop playing,1
monke man : really fun actually. played for hours,1
arani : exeptional experience....no wonder its ratings are so high...keep it up creators!good job!,1
big k : fun game to play when bored 5/5,1
khi khi : love how the mecanics work and how you can move freely :),1
nikhil vee : wonderful ,1
ibrahim ibn ahmad : awesome game. packed with humor,1
sunny shukla : don't always spend money on apps but this one is worth it.,1
rajesh krishnan : awesome driving mechanics,1
ali hussaini : its fun and challenging,1
abenu jr : 100% best graphics,1
qsdo : its amazing! i love it!,1
vasantkumar halemani : the best graphics.,1
huawei nova : good game but must to upgrade,1
dwight burbank : great game mechanics are perfect,1
hasibul karim limon limon : good game like i don't play at such could this type of game good luck,1
piyasiri vithanage : ad new skin s pls and ad the tesla cyber truck and a buggatity prety sure i spellellit worng sorry bugguty is it,1
rardo : simple and nice.,1
lakshmi surekha's kitchen : very good game actually pixel perfect dude,1
zeldatheultimate : good game fist time play not so bad good work on the game,1
sfiso emmanuel : great game you never get bored when you have this game,1
veteram king : i love this game but more things should be added,1
sairaj raj : this is a relaxing game when i play this i am so relaxing i love this game,1
harry beach : kind of hard to get used to when i first played it but it got better as i got used to it,1
ebong agung : my favorite game when i was kid and still play it now!!,0
rishi sheth : gud game but it becomes boring after a while,0
cdct india : not too much level,1
kurt obersteadt : best game ever it is challenging,1
eg_palm _tree : it's just crazy fun but too "wavy",1
rahul saini : how difficult controls and not addective,1
kam skylight : the missions are very hard,1
arman ybanez : nice game,1
jerry canary : fun good graphics,1
arnab manna : it's really fun game and interesting....,1
joe the legend davis : chill so far,1
zain plays : this game is amazing ,1
zack zehmal : good retro adventure driving,1
aaron giloff : too hard for me to keep car on road,1
xx_skyline _xx : its a fun game for adults and kids,1
vamik xoxo : awesome,1
aidan alexander : good game not that many adds overall great game for bord people,1
mrpekka23 : cool game. i've experienced 0 bugs so far,1
fajar hidayat : controls too hard,1
vividvrtx : i like this game butt it's poop and i'm deleting it from my phone and giving it to my neighbors to give to those kids of his,1
enzo-alain chellan : reminds me of the classics,1
receive makepe : very nice game is a easy game to play,1
tikaram pradhan : it would be better if there was multiplayer mode on this game,1
pike star gaming : this game is like heaven ,1
anthony thor : i like playing this game on my free time. great game.,1
m.adamfaris : is so best in my life thank you for make this game i give you five star,1
pedro velazquez : this game sucks when i enter the game it kicks me out immediately,1
sandile siyabonga : i haven't ectually seen this game i term of playing it because it just got stuck.any ideas?,1
redfawn : good game in small size,1
kelly mabou : it's pretty hard but it's pretty cool,1
wiremu watene : very good game nice an playable nice graphic good game,1
asif hasan : good game great graphics,1
harsh raj : most beautiful game of driving for ever,1
ziro vasquez : sick game,1
cristobal exequiel munoz : good music and gameplay,1
grey zealand : phenomenal. i absolutely adore this little game.,1
definitely not a pro gamer : its really good! if you dont have it downloaded go get it now!,1
juventus tishekwa : doesn't start crashes,0
survivalthief : it's simple and fun,1
timesters timegate 3 : easy to control,1
yung joo : very fun and a great time killer,1
neal titto : no ad nuisense.good game and intresting concept,1
general mothman : great game simple and fun,1
vishwadeepti vardhan : nice game but the sterring is too non grippy,1
forest none ya : good game but i wish there were breaks,1
hokku : good game i like the style of it and it's wholesome,1
shadowfox264 d : reminds me of my thought if the sonic universe was like this,1
vrushant domde : i personally didn't like this game,1
green panda : this game is the one of the best car games i've ever playrd,1
mrnl : this best game i ever seen. everybody must play this game. and best game play.,1
ac : its a great game with little to no adds,1
ali vertiminate : this game is the best if you see this game and didn't download you lose all of your time,1
harshvardhan tiwari : i'll love this game more if it has some stunts also.,1
ramen noodles : addictive,1
gurmeet kaur : need some improvement but nice game,1
ben n-jerry : it's a solid game. ya. what are you waiting for? download it!,1
oval tv : good game for me nice view and location,1
danny fay : i like the graphics are very cool,1
th1ckalg0r1thm : great fun game,1
yudhi anggara : easy and fun game,1
gregory wallin : to many adds to force you to pay,0
a google user : a fun game thats highly addictive.,1
michael manson : way too touchy about what you can nudge into.,1
doom destroyer : its too hard to drive,1
amiyo kumar roy : my best offline game and nice graphics,1
nowich : this game is gunienly really good,1
kulluru udaya : nothing to say,1
kroutons exposed : well done game,1
biswajit dey : cool game increases ur interest and enjoying level and pls follow me on instagram"splashed_minded",1
oasisorange379 : terrible driving mechanics,1
subu tagiang : this game is so the learn parke is so good good,1
adil a gafoor : nice game and graphics,1
ruaridh thomson : great game never crashes,1
nelson debbarma : it's an amazing game. i spent my tine playing it and enjoying it.,1
raymond weeks : fun in a short amount of time,1
divyasanu k : good game when you get bored.,1
bryan yu : its a fun game. really kills time,1
sohail ahmad : this is fun game some handling issue,1
magneet__ : fix your game. why can i not get onto the actual game? devs better get onto this.,1
sherri hearrell : deleted this app because it had to many adds,0
harishankar mv : accelerometer driving..if possible,1
daihatsumaster : bast car games in the wold love it -lool,1
crazzy rooster36 : pretty good but hard to control,1
lucian horne : graphics great qaulity cool game,1
gabriel manguy : fun to play during class,1
mr goose : i don't know what to say in these reviews but i personally really liked this game and i am recommending this to my friends. i honestly suggest to try it out for yourself.,1
peter welsh : really good game to play really easy,1
lets make music : its pretty good not too many adds,0
kishan parikh : boring game after a point,1
jeff prawn : heaps good game plenty of vehicles love it,1
pepukai mashawi : #drive my new favorite car game love the graphics,1
william willes : just amazing i could play forever!!!!!,1
berkay erdogdu : internet-free hd game that should be played at free-time !,1
affih jnr : best,1
gaurav khachi : good game but you need some more updates good game,1
swaglifepro : i think it is the best game to release stress,1
rabiah mohamad isa : can't update,1
satt san : nice game play . you will never regret this if you download.,1
ahadm 8888 : need nitro power up and add modern cars,1
jv : fun but got boring quickly,1
tina chacon : it is super good and your game is super awesome.,1
mc gamer : it is a really good game to play when bored,1
crazy wolf : i've had it for a while an let me say i love it ......,1
ty jurom : this game is crazy! i like it soo much!!!,1
rayhan faraz : worst gameplay thank you for wasting my time and data,1
yoloyqo : very nice graphic,1
rahees raja mir : not better than expected. please improve the gameplay,1
owen cox : awesome game super fun to play.,1
aho desuga : better than most endless traffic run game,1
wyatt toliver : speed is slow but the cops are funny,1
gaming with aditya : the best car arcade game,1
sumit punia : best game but this game is difficult to play,1
dominic valenzuela : this game is really fun it's hard for me but i like it,1
renu rani sharma : best arcade game i ever played in my life,1
elson nkateko : this is very fun to play with 70s cars,1
swati jain : i don't generally give feedbacks but this is worth your time,1
wyatt fitzwater fleck : the game looks great but won't let ne download,1
santino augustine : drive is anice game i play every time,1
lakshya vatsa : it is very diff. and very expensive.,1
abyan adzikri cantabile : good game good graphic awesome!,1
solomon agers : this was a cool endless car game this should be a popular game,1
sarvex : really different & awesome!,1
heidi smulders : it is poo poo he he,1
matt parkos : love it just peaceful and good handling,1
tom tomate : cool game to play when you're bored,1
amirul mohammad : great time killerand simple...love it,1
jahanara begum : u can drift very cool,1
nilesh babrekar : new update is just awesome.,1
rifat mohammed : because of drift and cool offline game,1
wade wilson : oh! the feel of driving through dry crumbs,1
asher ayyaz : this game was hard but the best game i think i will take more days to learn this gameeeee!,1
daniel edo : what a game,1
patrick guthrie : love it it's fun to play,1
patrick simons : i spent $4 on this game and it sucks ass so bad i'll never make that mistake again,0
ernad hadzic : fun and easy.,1
aggelosgreekgamer gamer : super cool the graphics,1
cloudytortoise : this game is awesome. i can't wait for another update.,1
darryl dcruz : pretty good for time pass ig,1
geshthegamer : it is a great game i teally like it 10/10.,1
vanessa mccann : its a fun game when your board,1
anil sharma : amazing simple story game,1
naitik singh rajput : good game but the places are less,1
knivezz 999 : i literally have no words! this is perfect!!!!,1
majid khan : good game for health care,1
sam cote : good graphics good game play good game overall,1
rowan wildwood : tough but a lot of fun,1
amber gold : very good game for the time your bored,1
sajjan hayre : very fun game and good if ur bored,1
hackers gaming : game is very good i have played all games and i found in 3 months later,1
baslel love : this game is so good my brother and sister loved it.,1
emre bulut : cars arent different from each other in terms of performance,1
don owls : braking feature a little iffy to meh,1
emirhan meto : i didn't like the controls.,0
buff cow : rilly good game low on storage and fun as hell,1
tom fairbairn : great game but kinda hard to get used to,1
jason joly : an amazing game. well done guys. one of a kind.,1
ian ludwig : it's a really fun driving game.,1
reece mills : very fun and different,1
ian bilagot : nice game nice graphics,1
andrew willis : fun to play for the family,1
alan kuruvilla : great game. simple yet interesting,1
lucky singh : game is good but controls are not good,1
vishnu k.v : the controle is littile tough overall its a time killer,1
brandon colglazier : fun game to waste some time with,1
muhammad huzaifa : too difficult driving mode,1
jazz palmes : well nothing i can say its good(so good) i recommend you playing this,1
skull chief : make motorcycle also and multiplayer option,1
fake plebmaster : i have played way too much of this game to not give 5 stars,1
knight x : the controls are bad,0
farzi : nice,1
max johnston : it's a fun game kind of tricky at first but you get used to it,1
rohan powale : great game . can we expect 2.0 of this game team,1
air wade : good game for offline play,1
ranju das : high graphics game in the world,1
sarath venugopal : nice game,1
lihlume mema : i love this game you work t good on this i love it,1
vansh girotra : too difficult to play!,1
edison : fun and challenging,1
el-listyo prastowo : simple exciting game. its bring the old games vibes,1
devon dean : simple and fun,1
pollaropposite : really great game,1
andre vanderberg : need more cars love diss game,1
fadefn : i like.the cars i want all the cars free.,1
colton schwister : i love the game,1
jenish k l r9078 : super game i have been playing with my computer and in my phone,0
bhaskar jyoti ojah : the controls are trash,1
lilsync featuring 420 : it's going alright game i wish we could control the gas,1
fanny winderson : i wonder if there is an ending to the at the part where u first open the game,1
ali talari : its the best game for free time,1
aendoz : addictive and challenging,1
fin fraser : horrible. it will not let me brake or turn.,0
karburators benzins : 1star because of adds who cannot skip,0
stacey patchett : love this game smooth controls,1
sachin sukhadare : i like the art style very much,1
qaiser hashmi : one of the most fun driving game,1
stephen ray dwight alejano : controls are bad but great game,0
avinash kumbhar : nice game it works really fast.,1
wannetta mcgrew : i like it it's a super easy game,1
dheeraj pj : good endless runner. definatly worth download,1
grease monkey : nice although it needs a storyline,1
segolectrick : fun game to burn some time.,1
chedou louis : great game and graphics,1
sean williams : love it great to pass time,1
abon 26 : its fun..as long as i play..haha,1
2a faris izzuddin : i like this game but the car is manual,1
clark : i love it i think that they did a very good job on everything,1
m. saqib khan : when you open 2nd lap,1
el-agroudi : i really loved that u answered on my update request and i loved the update alot and we want more cars and races as possible as u can and thank u very much,1
aydan sublett : i love its really great awsome time killer,1
kamohelo mothijoa : i just downloaded the app so i'm still learning but all i can say is the game is fire,1
gheorghe lupu : very cool game,1
trickshots : i love the game i like the remote play,1
just sai : it's nice to play during school,1
sujay chavan : i can complete level 13 there is trick the police task.can anyone help me.....!,1
ruger hussey : love the animations,1
anthonee buno : nice and smooth to play,1
saikat sarkar : hard game but fun,1
asanda luthando : fun game can't stop playing it,1
sapootro pebu : fun and challenging,1
atticus weber : very fun and basic,1
m l : fun and addictive love the game,1
nima tamang : its nice to play at free time #quarantine,1
anurag sai : little bit of improvement needed,1
xerxes grim : good game. been play for 4 years.,1
dakes david : worst game ever played. brakes are for name sake...,1
chesty_gliter_sizle 69 : pretty fun and addicting,1
harrison wade : love the aesthetic and challenge!,1
faded deadpool : this game is so good i've been playing so much thank you for making this please download,1
carmen montanez : because i like drifting and losing the cops.,1
a google user : very bad the game is not starting at all,0
shamaster pro : very cool and fun game 10/10,1
bruh *sample text* : the best offline game ever!,1
phoenix6480 : this is what a real game looks like it's just awesome,1
hanoosh ali : need more options than doing the same things,1
karma lama : best game for time pass love it,1
e g : my favourite mobile game with cars!,1
koketso majola : this game when you play for along time it gets out,1
samba permana : the bountifully games,1
kamar gamer : it's lite,1
chicco asheem : classic nice and peaceful is why i give this game 5 stars.,1
min : nice game and graphics,1
joseph pagan jr : where the hell is my free car for rating the game 4 stars.,1
detts saiditanaka : this game is absolutely lit..i love playing it...,1
matthew jones : its ok but you could rub the bumber of the other car bot no i die,1
carson ellerbrock : this is a fun and time consuming game,1
nico rivera : pretty good so far,1
drew sizzleman : this game is way more fun than i thought it wood be,1
radyt : i liked the theme of this game its just good,1
mihai rebreanu : it'd be perfect if better!,1
naveen s kumar : a good graphic game,1
armashri horvath : just fun in every way,1
jason manning : good reaction game,1
andy hardscream : boring hacked it becomes more boring.,1
eko muhardani : good graphic and nice game,1
zechs merquise : not quite what is advertised,1
abishek r : nice game look so classic i love it,1
thamil vanan : little tougher to get coins and points...,1
steve cawood : handling was rubbish. uninstalled.,0
shymendro murmu : add more cars and map,1
saad tasdeeq : bad control only one time i play and unistall,0
john _ vanko2050 : good game,1
casa del mar casa del mar : good game its very good to play when bored,1
dono : great game,1
darius fleming : very relaxing to play.,1
random 69 : it crashes alot... still good tho,1
vikas dhamane : i like the game thanks for lounching the game,1
claude nft557 : pritty good game if u like driveing and high score games,1
dallas lunstrum : not sure,1
vijay kumar : very innovative. and i like the commentary,1
v siddharth : boring manh... btw all other features are top class,1
amanda barraza : it is a very good game no problems at all !,1
wyatt flatland : it works nice it is a very rad game!!!,1
ranjit rane : easy but so hard,1
daniel costa : love the game man really fun,1
[x] xiii_ii_iiix : it's honestly a joke....this game is ten times worse than fortninte......,1
fxrandom : on the other side,1
steven jeffrey canedo : its nice and helps you relax,1
jalal sabir : it is very exiting gam. e,1
t sweger : very fun n simple game!,1
spry there : pretty good game to kill some time!,1
pharvesh : awsome game i like that drift it is a brutal game,1
nyanko boi : is great control is easy,1
jahno kestt : junk,1
mekashita kizukashita : only played it becuase theres a ae86 based on initial d.,1
muhd asyraf : easy game and best to play it,1
chandan nigam : this game is very well for me because the feature of this game is too good.,1
dennis korycki : fantastic looking game. plays well.,1
ahmad ahmad : this game is all new experience of driving,1
luisse jimenez : this is so good games for kids and so putangina,1
rendi nanto : yes it's difficult but chalenging,1
justyn ottenbreit : great game,1
mr.bonez31 : it aint perfect but its a good game!,1
navid ul islam khan alvi : very good game to time pass,1
juice_yt : i cant instaal the game on my j5 pro and im sick i have tried everything i just wanna play the game,1
brandon keeton : good game fun to pass time.,1
jughead jack : it's agood game with good cars,1
santhana laxmi : it's good and not boring it's so interesting,1
team00n : these concept is top notch. i love it.,1
thu ra : this game is so good but game is going through boring days,1
rainier arganda : pretty nice this might be the best mobile games at all,1
hrushikesh bagade : very bad controls,0
athul agnives : totally useless game,1
marian loretta : really good game even the voicer is nice,1
pieter kuijper : controls are kinda eh... tho its learnabe,0
gianmarco paranzino : fun and interactive game!,1
sylvia cheptoek : i love the game mabe you should add tilt.,1
hare : i really love this game. its supeeeer fun.,1
ali shaikh : very cool graphics,1
jhonpaul subigca : its so cool and i'd like to drive,1
alireza rajabi : nice game good performance,1
jd wolfrey : it is actually a fun mobile game,1
adolf hitler : this game is very nice and i advice you to download it,1
venmar lugo : can you add a multilayere through the game,1
charles cabahit : i can waiting for a new car but is so very good,1
b i j u : i loved it.... but very hard to play,1
zgjims : good game i love it i swear i'm not getting paid to say this,1
max leroy : supa fun car game with cool cars,1
alex trono : it's pretty hard to play hahaha,1
soldier gamer : it is good and i never see samting like this content,1
timothy godau : it's good but it has some news,1
folo nassar : awesome game try to make tilt also,1
abhi sharma : nice physics based game,1
subhankar das : good difficulty...... addictive...,1
brobeans : very cool game if you are on the go or anywhere,1
luvuyo madondo : good drive you must play it fun,1
liam zachman : very fun not allot of adds thanks ;),1
curtis dingman : pretty good pretty sensitive controlls tho,1
cool arrow : think of it good it's fun the best game ever download it,1
angel dixon : gotta grind but all and all fun,1
paul c. : reinstalled the app and lost my purchases. please advise,1
rojan al rahman : good addictive game in free time,1
tomas tok : it's a great game and have no issues with it,1
josh the king slayer mg : great great great experience in the game i give you 5 c al capone,1
dragos alexandru apostolescu : really cool and enjoying game.,1
jamie stuart : very difficult to control.,1
ramesh p r : nice game. nice for all moods,1
a google user : it's good game when i play it i feel like i play a cartoon game,1
no one : really good game to pass time.,1
infected : i just downloaded it because the graphics looked hella lit,1
akshay singh : very good offline game,1
caps lock : great choice for who need a great game,1
joshgoesmobile : wow this game is awesome in so many different ways!,1
hemant harijan : next level graphics loved it,1
mudassar rehan : except driving everything is fun.,1
matthias frost : it's really fun to play in your free time,1
suresh adapa : awesome game,1
boose_tv : pretty fun dispute the over priced cars,1
mehboob mehboob : awesome graphics and mond blowing game,1
ayesa siddiqua : cool game this is a masterpiece,1
johnny wear : game is fun as f&!k!!- and adxictive as well,1
mystical duck : fun and endless gameplay!,1
jatin sahdev : this game graphices is very good,1
takeshido bush : nice!! but needs some work,0
alok rai : i am not control this car easily,1
sidney harrison : it fun and the commentary is amusing,1
haywood joyner : great game in spare time use,1
bet bom : the game is not functioning properly,1
gopal che : low graphic level,1
jonathan bagaskara bari radja : it's a good game for relaxing,1
tahar zahir : nice game but it should be improved.,1
reuben neff : i like this game a lot and i have a feeling i'll be playing it none stop,1
ottr : perfect drive game try it!,1
zain thufail : super game next game you should put is open world game pls,1
lerry sanders : zero chance ill play a game where i have to agree to a privacy policy.,1
parsa h : cool and sweet,1
aliyor esoev : the best small very fun game!!!!,1
nemanja katic : this game is really good and i can't stop playing!!!,1
maurice chisom : the app closes as soon as the game is about to start,1
dominion prodeus : not recommended,1
jamie stalford : good we game only fourstar cause it hard to star out a we bit,1
andrew byrne : absolutely amazing game flawlesss really!,1
angrypanda2412 1 : i did this for a car,1
rona estabillo : i like the game is good i well gave it a five! stars.,1
shivaji vichare : game graphics was clear,1
jayden garcia : it's so cool and fun i play this game every day :),1
yup it up : never thought my limp dong woulg ever get a chubby again. until i played this.,1
sanket shevkar : good,1
ismail hisyam : nice driving game fun game to play,1
keith teoh : good graphic game,1
cat in a thermostat : one of the few amazing mobile games out there,1
josh ely : good old memory cool driving game,1
lorena reynoso : fun and control are great,1
heaven knigh : nice game n like the graphic,1
eric landero : 8 is a great place to work for and i am very excited about this opportunity 9th of this month so i will be there on time for the summer of the summer and i hope to be able to get a new job 47085 and have been in love for the last few days in a few months and i have been trying to get a hold of you and 3 for a while and i hope you are doing well in the new year and i hope you are having a great time in florida and i hope you are having a great time in florida and i hope you are having a great ti,0
aron kassie : best arcade game of a pife-time,1
canaan plate : great game and doesn't have a lot of adds,0
arnab sen : nice car racing game,1
solomon rajan : good game for time passing.. cool.,1
archie ebron : good game,1
youz mamma : controls wild but fun game,1
___track x___ : not bad. graphics is70percentage,0
raiden cervantes : didn't get to play much before it asked me to rate the game,1
kath ryana sabado : the is so good and the quality is so good,1
ryan walsh : great endless runner good time waster,1
suresh kumar t : one of the best driving games,1
prince adera : i love this game,1
chrismith munene : great game.i love the controls .,1
man mad : this game is super fun and addicting,1
loyd shannon : one of the best driving games i've played.,1
mohnish magesh : excellent and is fun to play,1
orlando harrison : simple and fun,1
gareth edward : grate game very fun and entertaining,1
sandesh sachin waghmare : this game its amasome again and again more fun,1
dv9 helix : fun game love the concept,1
kukuh pandu trisetya : simply gameplay,1
mizta pooven : really addictive...... in my opinion,1
lucas staniec : awesome,1
viena tantyo : great game to kill some time,1
asteve hollis : what a great game!!! lots of fun!!!,1
sting bee : overall...i have only two words nice game,1
miko petras : great gema. really fun,1
areen anwer : it's better than any other driving games i played,1
a11drty : really fun pass time!,1
reffi : steering little bit sensitive,1
him : smooth and best game to calm,1
samuel siagian : cool games to spend ur time with,1
zeyad amgd : this game is very fun to spend your time in it,1
s i v a .k.m. : good game but controls very bad,0
ritesh parab : nice game that helps your reflex of to be strong,1
mohammed yasim : superb game,1
madfandi with the masked : good for self control,1
lenny decibel : i just hate the controls,0
order knot : its not the greatest game out there but it's still pretty fun,1
betty sabu : the graphics are cartoonish and its amowzing,1
daus swoosh : errr....where's the brake? i can't find it in the setting,1
joe waterman : this game is fun and entertaining 5 stars,1
markers sureman : pretty good on the first look.,1
owo whats this? : very cool game. love the style,1
ersat gandhi : nice,1
anime streem : the game i was wishing for . it's good n a little diffciult.,1
zoxxed : cool,1
saurav kumar : controls are tough,1
mateusz sliwinski : only played for 30 mins,1
ashish sarswat : maximum graphic game the game chatting with you control is very hard,1
matty f : lost all progress on update,1
breakn : this game is the best! i love it! it's so cool!,1
justin bieber : i have not played this game yet,1
ryan stuhlmuller : this game is really fun to play i would recommend it to anyone,1
kurt albino ward : it's very fun and enjoyable <3,1
sivaram kishore dochibhotla : awesome dude perfect nailed it.,1
mayank vasara : car not handle properly,1
deven goodin : such a fun and addictive game,1
ullys33s 254 : fix the controls!!!!,0
justin patterson : its simple,1
raul bagang : nice been playing for almost a year now a great time killer,1
insane smoker : it's pretty cool game,1
mohammad yasin : didn't like this game controls should be more developed,0
butter man : love the graphics,1
anthony outlaw : great game but slippery controls,1
diwan tomar : its not a game . its only a car image,1
ikbal aktepe : this game is verry verry "nice"(nice=guzel. guzel=turkish word),1
dr. doom : nice fun driving game.,1
natasha clark : this game is fun and funny,1
attack dack : best game ever but add more updates,1
poonam sharma : i am searching for 2 hr i love this game this is in my phone fir last 2yr,1
zak h. : simple and fun,1
meenu kumari : super duper cool game you are going to love it wow,1
alo : really good game hitbox is really wide tho,1
geezer kirk bagtas : more maps andna free roam on map,1
cup : amazing but you should add a speedo,1
christopher magtrayo : very nice game and easy to play,1
the gamer : cool game for low end divise,1
jerome webster : the coolest car game i've played in a while,1
maciej sopyo : dude,1
asad chatha : fun but too much grinding,1
sai dhiraj : superb game. please try to add scooter also,1
moinak saha : one of my top most favourite car games i love it,1
mayyas : love the commentary amd the art direction of this game,1
damjan popovic : simple and fun,1
jayden perez : very good,1
vasudeo bhonge : very bad controls,0
william haas : this is one of the best car games out today,1
marko solic : cool time killer and amazing game,1
a google user : it is okay,1
ck aswanth : nice and minimal game,1
md tohidul : the game is very good game.this is my favourite game.thank you so much.,1
dany abraham : i love this game no problem with anything,1
antony pauillac : maybe the sensitivity is a lil low even in max,1
abhishek chawla : controls are really bad in it,1
kai haru : theres a glitch that you can clip to the doors of the houses on snow phlough,1
canales : it is so fun i would definitely recommend playing,1
bioshockerr : great addicting and relaxing game!,1
renu koli : very nice my mood is happy of this game,1
suhaas nadulamattam : low quality game. don't install!!,1
josh collett : cool game addicting but fun,1
hood dragoon007 : not to bad handling does suck a bit,0
fareez man : best drive good graphic,1
mohammad najami : a shalinging game ,1
posse belsey : very fun and smooth,1
x jkl : fun game good for when have nothing to do,1
ethans dior : fun,1
babli guha : i liked this game graphic i like it your 8,1
eleazar orapa : pretty good game,1
adit pakhode : controls can be better,1
silvershine : cars are too hard to #drive,1
debraj saha : it is the best offline game,1
chung dha lam : awesome simple game,1
\ tushar / : not have any options for gyroscope,0
alan harris : fun game could play for hours,1
chouaib jbel : easy to love this game,1
mai chan : well this game is perfect ! i really love it,1
tracey platt : i love this game the best android game eveerr keep going,1
boden rust : this game really does do a good job at making you have a good time.,1
jhedric ombrog : this is a very nice game thanks for manufacturing,1
jesse schuster : it's fun and challenging,1
narahiko : a good chill game to play when there's nothing to do,1
sidnei caua coelho : the control aren't that good,1
shriram koushik : a real good game loved playing it,1
bryan isidro : its a really cool and fun game im playing 5 stars,1
azhan zahid : best racing game ever.,1
dawson parent : it's very fun and retro,1
nici johanes : nice game with retro touch,1
michael muyengwa : nice one make more games like this one,1
lekarin olivia olivier : it is a cool,1
andrew neely : it's a fun and challenging game,1
daegal-b : great offline game.,1
amena akter : very good game does have the grapics i need,1
full english : fun and challenging,1
devonne sialongo : it's ok i like the graphics,1
avnish p : really amazing game. time killer,1
aaa bbb : this game is good for your car game,1
himanshu sekhar : nice game it's all about your patience,1
matt blank : good way to kill some time,1
siddhu siddhu : good game i habe great experence and wounderful graphics,1
robert brace : the game makes me want to play more. awsome!!,1
suresh mahadule : game is best and the graphis are best,1
dylan baker : awesome when you get the hang of it,1
kiyasha sadeghzadeh : good(it's about the bones),1
vitor f. : that is a very good game it's really funny,1
i made gilang wedha pradnyana : there's no storyline which makes it boring,1
big ben : how do you get the riffic car i looked but could not find it?,1
im zed frost : i would love to try this game i hope i like it,1
jack youdes : really great,1
tanmaya satapathy : a great option to kill a little time.,1
m dj : nice graphics good game,1
arman bakhshi : really satisfying game to play,1
jerome the ghost : its fun to play i hope i can reche 999,1
rex : really nice game,1
ritvik chauhan : good game for lockdown days,1
vijaykumar vijaykumar : it's so good it's like a cartoon,1
shuchindra manju : cool game but camera angles needed for playing,1
production : very good design.nice game,1
blackbird 3692 : it is easy learn,1
tamal patra : awesome game for time pass,1
wisnubae : very fun and addictive,1
carl zaleski : i haven't played it long but i think i'll be playing it for a while lol,1
zale : love it! really well optimised,1
rohan theblackbird : it is a awesome game keep making such games.,1
prativa jaiswal : yes i have had to be in touch soon with more information about car and where to be my last day,1
blake seelen : a great game but i think its a but grindy,1
ryan pradipta : simple game and good game,1
abhijeet shelke : controls are really so bad.,1
thaddeus fernandes : this ist amaizing,1
angelo adrao : excellent time waster! cool cars yo,1
ajayi jubril ayo : brilliant idea i love the whole idea about this game,1
tahsin khan : control are not good enough,1
eddie thornton : very fun and addictive game,1
dylan baker : have not played yet excited to see is an absolute man,1
awg hafizami : i think u need to add some sport car,1
fakrudheen km : yo eye candy. cool game to kill time,1
diamond legend : best game ever super fun good graphics and cool maps,1
chad adams : its ok,1
a google user : it's a really nice game. i'm really enjoying it!!,1
lazy 66mhz : never thought it will be so fun to play,1
amit sharma : drift not counting properly.,1
jona mac : really fun,1
vyshnav nair : cool game. kids will love it,1
gtr lifetho : this is actually good,1
anthony mmasi : i've downloaded it.....but it didn't work....,1
mknightb : it's fun and easy,1
confidence sossou : so for so good easy to play,1
zachary wilson : its very addictive after a couple of minutes,1
parth kapdi : super fun and with all those commentary,1
o 28 sk sameer rahaman : ossum game but my opinion is that don't add tilt mode,1
alan benny : one of the best games i have ever played !!! who ever made this u are awesome,1
luyanda gift : the game is wonderful and i enjoy playing it,1
brody phillips : add a daily bonus of some sort please xo,1
ali naranjo : best wo4ld racing game ever lol #drive,1
syed urooj : nice game ..... and adventure also..... that's great,1
wizard of ooze : it's a quick thinking game. so...cool.,1
pahal : the game is very nice classic,1
asif khan : please guys don't download this game this game is very worst if you download your phone will absolutely hang,1
bryan flores : coolest game ever i have played i mean really awesome,1
ahmed aftab raza : good game but somtimes you will be bored,1
shivamani : controls are too bad,0
kenzie lumentut : it's amazing and very well made i gave it a 5 star rating,1
robert mccune : its good but a little bit hard,1
fire nutter : it's alright but not my taste there's literally to much straight,0
rohan chattopadhyay : very good game for casual users,1
menura jayasekara : very unique!..loved everything!,1
psycho quake : fun game btw i just want car,1
farham : very good game and have good car,1
abdurrahman ansari : fun game,1
rejin raj : wrost game.. no user friendly.. pathetic creation from the developer..,1
stevie b : so far,1
gabriel tumbagahan : cannot download i have storage,1
henan lynden : good racing game.,1
hamdha oo6 : good game the best game i ever played,1
nize raeker : nice please update with more new xprience and feature more.,1
jeff ruch : adds too long,0
boaz ham : very fun and addictive,1
thegameguy99 00 : it is a good game i like it it helps me be calm,1
keyvan vosoughi : perfect road game,1
ed ward : cool game,1
a ghertner : tjis is just the driving game i was looking for,1
link choi : relaxing..... beautiful graphics,1
trayveon webber : its eh ok but i dont like the controls,0
piotr jas : great game,1
vision : this game has less features i think this game is half published please update.,1
jomon palayur : add little more features,1
milad zydabadi : please add more caps on the roads,1
milad jafari : i didn't like the graffiti the game was boring,0
beatriz bello : i love this game,1
luleka khethelo : this game is the best,1
sasaka haq : awesome game nice physics too,1
josh deiley : for a mobile game,1
lewis webb : good app,1
virender rajput : this game is good but some problems,1
michael : wont load link tried and tried......boo,1
scott beal : it sucks it won't work,0
bigo t : i just rated the game for the new free car .,1
mark joyce : good challenging pass time,1
22_luke zhou liang : this game has so much potential,1
paul s shawcross : love this game to waste time,1
jacques steenkamp : a damm good game,1
bryce harbertson : it's a good game to waste time lol,1
uzma arqam : really smooth game,1
k mamei : good game but difficult..,1
hafiz oktri : would be a lot better if this has gyro control,0
big bastard : difficult but rewarding.,1
justkidding : good and requires skill,1
abhi pandya : control is not good...,1
david remnant : i love this game it is really fun to play,1
toshit tewari : bad experience but i don't want to hurt you and your game so giving it 5star,1
prince-lo dennis : this game is absolutely awesome,1
himanshu verma : game is very smooth,1
doluma mijuvisa moncada : awesome game tho i did exploit it but its still a pretty good game,1
javier ramirez : i like the game is very entertaining,1
pacemaze : nice game,1
pankaj raten : the need of initial guide is very much .,1
akhil maini : amazing. just a single word to describe this game,1
reset username youtube : really hard but great.,1
dwi setiani : the game is good,1
dustin worobetz : ehh its ok controls are a bit bad,0
mani tabb : a wonderful game evreything is great about it,1
james fancy : the game tried to force me to rate it so i did,1
alexandra strungaru : i think its amazing,1
kids yeah cars beep beep : the drooley car added,1
aye min : i'm going to be love this is a good,1
justice klyne : it's so fun,1
rishabh paunikar : fun and time pass game,1
gurjit singh : i can't stop playing it!,1
michael karlson : cool as good time killer,1
special education ape : game asked me to rate it,1
joshua andamon : the game is okay,1
deepakraj lav : good time pass,1
luis perez : i like the game and it is a great game and everyone should play it,1
rohan lahange : world best driving game i'm fully enjoying this game,1
may may : good job on the things!,1
ali ayman : honestly its the best,1
aj chan : fun and challenging,1
jamal garner : very responsive it stright ill play it,1
daniel g. : it's addictive and relaxing,1
adi.pillai : good game...i just love...so addicting...,1
almasi karol : the game is very nice. i suggest you download it,1
xxmoddermakerxx : good game love to play when i dont know what to do,1
cabeludo_cp2 bosco pedro : just a little bit too grindy but ok,1
pranatijena patra : awesome offline to worth a try,1
amanda onstott : the steering is bad,1
meemex _415 : not bad at all 5* but i wish if there was more drifting,0
dyutiman das : #drive it's like a code ,1
octavia franklin : traffic nothing at all,1
aditya panchal : good for timepass keep it up,1
malika soltani : it's very good and funny game thank u,1
jemuel cui : nice game just the controls,1
austin : it was good i had trouble on the tutorial,1
21c47 ashish raj : it would be better if race was included,1
shivam singh : good and stable,1
md. abir khan : this game is so fun.i've so much fun with this game.,1
clarence joseph arokiasamy : ads and ads and more ads,0
kaden stevens : this is a great game 10/10!,1
afiq haziq : wow i like it soooo much nice graphic,1
ryjem obsum : like the game...tho at first the controls were hard..... nahh youl vet used to it,1
asteroidbuilds : the best racing game i have ever played.,1
asher charles : it's really a good game and a good time killer,1
dreamer creations : waste of time.. thise game for kids..lol..,1
eugene ariola : hey you should make some changes like when any car goes on dirt and snow can you make them like dirty and stuff oh btw pls make a another update that there is a new map called philippines barangay buntog and make 2 vehicles named the 45' bobby will be a philippine tricycle and the name pinoy will be a 75' jeepney btw in #drive world cars can talk !? bruh that's ipastable also search for,0
raj badmash : good game but controller very bad,1
covan falcon : amazing game like the best mobile game i played yet,1
keith dashwood : it a fun time waster of a game.,1
jeremiah reyes : too hard to control,1
ajith aravindan : love this game but so hard to win,1
h2o nitro : this is game is so chill pretty cool it it a shot!!,1
nathaniel ric obra : add description to those new power up on what the heck are they supposed to do.,1
tm gamer of games : its a awsome game and drive and look i saw very good game pi playing in mobile please new update in 1 augest,1
sathiya : game was pretty good....keep developing it enjoyed it,1
paul gregory iwankow : not bad,1
mahesh reddy : good,1
nikhil tuli : the most addictive game i have ever played!,1
fortune chinonso : its hard but its cool,1
jaylord cebritas : pretty dope game i play this all day i'm addicted on this game very epic,1
cool kid : super fun and addicting,1
jacyn theone : second best racing game i have ever played,1
balakrushna hota : a good graphics,1
martin oviedo badilla : honestly a pretty good game,1
oravaliito : lags horribly on samsung s9+,1
ethan huang : pretty good but a little grindy,1
adriano desouza : i don't have alot to say but this game is amazing,1
mushy mushy potato : it's like one of the good new mobile games,1
emanuel paz : loading screen is good,1
denislav borisov : great game reminds me of the old days,1
100 trusted : superb and hardwork too !,1
vladimir stirbu : it's very fine and simple,1
envy-aisha : need more controll of the car,1
dioxis : nice that's what i am looking for! nice game huh!!!,1
jess newman : great job on the game guys,1
untitled : best driving game for your phone,1
durdana khanum : love the update and i have played the game before and after that update,0
izumiotsu _ : if ur into cars its a must have game,1
dale davies : its ok,1
sosig : this is truly one of the best mobile games i've ever played,1
awab azhari : hey who make the game : can fix th graphics and thanks,1
e man : i like it so much it is so much fun!!!,1
sullivan summers : good game but difficult,1
savai'i mantha : top shelf game. congratulations.,1
senura dulshan : this game is very funny,1
jagadesh raaj : nice game.... awaiting more such from you guys.,1
max w : its good offline game best one ever,1
azriel muvasa : the control is so hard,1
bailey talbot : good but hard to play,1
piyush pathania : more maps please,1
fahmi quranul : i like this game really good for relax gaming,1
beron gaming : very nice game ever i am playing this game for a year,1
luffy d monkey : awesome game and its unique,1
fazil fazz : this game is very interesting and amazing game i like this,1
banana studios : its good but i get a excited when i get follow'd by the po po,1
barbie marricle : i like the game the way we can drive,1
gan od gan od : i like the art stile a lot,1
werbette 101 : pretty good but can be hard,1
craig robins : quite a delicious game,1
0025 sahil : it's a good driving game.i like playing it,1
joseph jadulco : one of my fav games to kill time,1
inderjeet singh : just one word...amazing..love it,1
abdirahman ahmed : i love this game. it's amazing game i play forever,1
jeoi tim chan : extremely good and relaxing,1
sagarika padhi : i love this game her graphic was good,1
joshua pasaba : can't open the app,1
nigel coote : great game no issues so far,1
brown man : very fun game and addictive,1
dan chen : everything is spot on,1
prabath piyadasun : it was awesome. just what i needed!,1
kopperhead_kain : super fun you should play,1
shivam jadkar : i love this game. this is very fun to play.,1
kurbron mitchell : i love this game sooooo much it is so fun.,1
minh tri hoang : a great timekiller! and i didn't expect to see vietnamese in this game.,1
dizzikiwi baby : nice game i looove the graphics hope you update this game real soon,1
joba smock : this is the best thing ever i love it you should to hope you like it,1
luke holt : very fun car game.,1
11 22 : its cool just the control response,0
#uknown# {character} : this game is a waste of data it didn't even install,1
fadingvapes : you can drive and its fun.,1
elijah james robarios : 10/10 would recommend. great time killer,1
aljames ramos : please add new places and new cars,1
sidharth k.d : the best game really enjoy it,1
maria fil-am tayab : can you pls make the mb 48 or 39 cuz i cant downlosd it anymore,0
oliver rivers : way to bad to even write anything,0
a google user : its a nice game i really really enjoyed n enjoying it,1
khan khan : fun and nice game,1
waone phaswana : cool cars and a man taking,1
charles pene : it's fun,1
wraith : very fun and addictive,1
hissan hamid : i think i played a game like this 6 years ago and it was my favourite game,1
callum hirst : very fun and well made game,1
zeyad abdelmoneim : so different and too much excitement,1
midwestdieselpwr 12vc : fun and challenging,1
whffy : honestly it's one of the best games i've played it's just put together so well,1
jay gamez : very fun game and addictive,1
arabiic : basically one of the best mobile games ever,1
f1ref0x : played it for a few weeks and it's pretty good,1
rahul ghatul : could become more better or also best. need some changes.,1
mrcake : the more youre add unitys particle system and shader the more you now and drink some milk -dani,1
kenny mccormick : love it. just do a run and you will know,1
suryamani garimella : very good but very to drive,1
mohamed rustum : fun and challenging,1
leonel tovar : is so easy and fun,1
dd9 : fun game but very grindy.,1
smh gamerz : fun,1
dony lony : it's good game. me liked,1
abhinav : beautiful and fun game.,1
savio mampilly : thus game brings back old og gaming into you...and is amazingly epic,1
dean rhodes : fantastic what a gem of a game to find,1
varun mishra : good game but please improve more,1
r p c : sometimes it's hard to control,1
vposerrz : this game is so fun and relastic,1
i prantik : controls are too bad,0
david random stuff : nice stuff best controls,1
parwez sulaiman : i like this game it is hard to control but i like it,1
logan bennett : fun and great time waster,1
chloe campbell : grat game and grqpicha,1
titas karcemarskas : pretty hard but nice game,1
aditya thakur : very good game but not control,1
helo videos official : nice game and best quality and vfx,1
ben drew : less ads please,1
mini me : very good chill game to pass the time,1
maver1ck pain : i now have difficult time and this game is unbelieverible,1
autismo and friends : feels like a game i used to play as a kid...,1
timothy casarez : i love the game it's classic,1
zac ridgeway : it won't let me play the game i tried to play it but it won't let me,1
mani sadeghi : so bountiful game and amazing,1
acash alrazi : i love the drifting in this game!!,1
fiktion channel : the ads. are insane.,1
bean. check. : i really like this game it is a good time killer,1
a google user : the game control is very nice,1
narendra nandan : very fun and addicting,1
yoga pramana purwa : nice.. good hanldling for me more car please,1
skillzkillpd : that game isn't super fun but it's cool,1
prince alex dumagat : nice addicted game offline too,1
lawrence apawan : this game is very lame and boring!!!!!!,1
mohamed luayyu : one of the best free car games i have played,1
taki defender : for me this game i can play it all day that why is 5 star,1
konrad trela : very addicting and fun,1
kartik pundir : awesome!!! it feels good playing this game,1
brandon c : pretty epic thanks for the car,1
kkoolkid gaming : its fun to pass time,1
diallo harris : this is probably one of the best things i've ever played 10/10,1
junaid khan : great experience for android....,1
blake thigpen : really good helps me take my mind off thing for a while,1
derek hitt : great game is a bit hard,1
jowil baldestamon : nice game and its kinda chill to play,1
i-have -no-brain : fun game about driving.,1
alex : well made but pretty boring,0
sheluvmg : it works and the game is amazing,1
jose horta : its really fun!!!!$,1
mary njahera : it's a great game for my son .he loves it,1
allvin angga putra : this game is absolutely good,1
gravy is car : it is a good game for if your bored,1
hritik manzi : best game. good quality too.,1
manmati adhikari : impossible to play a match for even 10 minutes,1
j .c : a very good game when bored.,1
abdurrahman ahmad : amazing,1
pathum dilmina : good game very good download all no problems,1
abhimanyu singh rajput : simple and awesome,1
azariah thomas : its good for a starter game.,1
james patrick cuarton : no other words,1
ejt flips : extremely fun offline game,1
deep sheep : fun game. kinda addictive!,1
stetco catalin : great waste of time,1
k a r a n n : good game and the guy is so funny,1
mike rhee : great game to space out with,1
jithin dt : its an amazing game no words,1
sanju halder : really amazing this game ,1
astik jaiman : boring and disgusting application,1
wendy jo : so am playing on my phone and it is not turning,1
jasjit mondal : its very nice and fun in ur free time,1
kon : bought premium first day,1
neon razel sucgang : i've been waiting for so long,1
ihavecandy : the greatest rage game i've ever played.,1
protein guy : the game was so awesome you should try.. i promise..,1
david ounga : the game is amazing and interesting.,1
edgar ustian : it's a fun driving sim,1
anzil abdulhakkim : best vintage game....nice gameplay,1
cleofferson tajan : wow i really really like this game keep it up,1
auro : best offline addictive game,1
blxcky : it's a great offline game,1
teh d. : fun. smooth. sexy. i like it.,1
cavemanfire : it was one of the best car games ever,1
naruto s : this game is very cool on the world!!!:),1
vernita h : this game is so fun i play it everyday,1
it'sactually krisshnae : best game for time pass,1
pedro mendes fontes : very nice game,1
pranav toofanny : the game is really good and enjoyable.,1
aaron roger : good game for mind,1
hasif aadhil : this is a very super game. i play this game forever,1
vivek kumar : i love this game this cool game i want a racing mode in this game,1
juvenile : could make the first car better.,1
fattaul azim : please developed the graphics,1
baikunth bhoi : very difficult game,1
super gamer 2007 : best game ever i can't believe that such a game is available,1
winn beasley : tough to get gas,1
riley smith : terrible controls amazing game,1
fazil hcu20a08 : nice game for passing hours by playing this game,1
rajesh iaf : never seen this like stupid controls...,1
valhallaschosen : pretty fun when you get into the flow.,1
jismon xavier : it's so bad because it doesn't give you free robux like it says it does,0
atharv holey : nicest game i've ever played.....makes me download it again & again,1
sinchana : tough game but addiditive game try it now!!!!!!,1
zahir mir : this is total wastage of data,1
melvin hee : nice game to hop into and out off,1
gloria ekka : this has a best experience nd i like it make more game like this game this is best game ever,1
tyler skolmen : very addictive and fun,1
junaid ahmed m : great game anyway i did because of the car,1
charles albert neil adviento : jelly roblox mining is a great place for the most popular and popular web sites that are and,1
demon : interesting graphic.cool controll.,1
tatsu. : i really like it,1
jean-luc gilbert : not bad need to play more to see,0
ali fiction : this game has not level that is great,1
ur mum is gay af : hella fun kept me company through some really lonely depressing times will forever hold a dear spot in my heart,1
haremking : amazing game best game to get though boring times,1
saba atcharadze : easiest 5 stars i had give to any game.,1
beka apsatarov : marvelous game. i advise it for all people ),1
jon head : the games good enough for 5 stars,1
konoha korosuke : good game...i love it...time passer,1
beast fc : great game for passing time,1
suraj patel : good but hard gameplay,1
karthik p : realyy a nice a bit time taken to control,1
rahma mulyawan : #drive is good game for me but this game easy to play,1
fagan rides : not much to it,1
given ndaba : it is a very amazing car game,1
goutam kumar : no words to say it's entraining,1
mohd kaif.n : poli sanam this game is poli if u don't understand my words check in google,1
fierce fin : boring and dumb.,1
chris hugo : this is a great game and you should download it,1
cyrus cedrick gabito : i'm not explaining it but the developer's can found the problem...cause i'm not a guy for explaining stuff...(sorry),1
geoff atkins : fun steering u can change everything is great about this game!,1
michael clarke : haven't played yet but looks fun,1
i am budid : awesome...need more tracks,1
kaif jamal : very hard to control,1
astronaut atlas : noice 5 stars because graphics and cops there cool,1
aboobakar.s aboobakar.s : the real expierence nice controll the best game i love it,1
sajikumar b : its a good game i enjoyed it so much. nice!!,1
warm place : this is a cool game and i had is when i was i think 7,1
minnow's miscellaneous : good but not enough intricacies,1
jacobo laurent c. villena : it is the most adictive game i ever played.,1
sazzad fahim : this would be a good game if there was stage mode.,1
benliee j : the developer really improve the game like it!!,1
gr8beat : the commentator is my best friend in the game,1
varun ps : nice game ,1
chandrahas kasture : asom and helltoo game man??????nmmalqo,1
jaundre weitz : cool game so addictive to play,1
siddharth pavan : this game is simply relaxing.,1
music vibe : best car game on the playstore,1
hiranmoy buragohain : great and simple game and if the developers are seeing this pls add jdm cars like nissan skyline gt-r,1
diksha swaroop : this game grafies is so good wow,1
john lemonz : great game,1
dan wal : good. i only did this for the car.,1
sad mula : i don't like car games but this one number 1,1
azuolas lengvynas : this game is amazing for mobile,1
mr sparrow : would have 5 stars if no ads or at least 1or 2,0
caitlin spry : this game is what it says,1
open hi hat : good graphic good gameplay,1
fisty mchagus : forced me to rate the game so you get one star.,1
jack aguon : great game it's one those games that i don't delete,1
5hours : the most wonderful singleplayer game in my total life,1
boy madness : awesome game,1
shubham kayastha : probalbly the most interesting endless game..,1
ksenija md : its fun and very epic. yay,1
a.s.m sayef : vary nice game. everyone should play the game.,1
omar aziz : great game,1
axe hunter : this is a good game. you should play it too.,1
sith_yt : it's such a good game it even had controller support,1
to dhito : this game is so funny and i enjoy this game,1
lostindream space : it is a little bit addictive,1
jr smiff esq : good but brake needs fixing,1
thatchillgamer : finally a good driving game,1
hadi ghorayshi72 : it's good but after some days it bored me,1
action2019 pro : it's not too bad but still a lil addicted,0
edward collyer : the game is really good,1
ebenezer baidoo : this game is too nice when playing.,1
suman tiwari : this game is awesome and cool to play,1
ernesto jimenez : cool,1
happy akther : its very good and cool game i like this game,1
rr gamer : the is good but the car is not good,1
soundaressan soundaressan : its very nice to drive,1
daniel slaughter : really good game (did this for the car),1
r akter : nice game and i love the trueno car,1
hlg rugs : an amazing timewaster. love it.,1
akash singh : ok cool thanks for the next time i get to see the is over and over again with my and friends that have been so busy with school and work with the family room to the now i'm just gonna have the money and you know how you been to you too i love it and then you have any plans for tonight at work now but it will get a hold on to it as much time on your for me too i love it when people don't have any questions,0
dazedgoldnoob gamer : it's a fun game and good overall,1
n k lalith : best game in this segment.,1
giovanni cisneros : forced popup to review app that's not cool,1
a.f. sulistio : great game,1
michael dogan : it is so much fun i love it,1
rznfl : great game to kill time,1
hamzah ahmad : it's so fun everyone must try it out,1
dope gaming : driving for a long time,1
leonardo trillanes : cool game in every way.,1
joey dailey : it take too long to make money,1
thomas smith : great game i would totally recommend getting this game,1
cer the pb j ord : much fun,1
joshua diaz : been playing it for almost 2 yes now. this game never gets old,1
kartik karval : one of the best game ever i have been playing at this time i love it,1
md naim alam lione : nice game is at work so,1
ekpono etok : doesn't play on my device,1
japhath agy : nice game for passing time,1
ali norozzadeh : good if you have controller,1
kiki townsend : it's really fun,1
t4k1 : game's awesome,1
camilla turner : it is good i didn't ran into any problems,0
edrick adriel panjaitan : interisting gameplay,1
mugen rao : pushing ad thats only bad,0
aurelijus didysis : absolute love,1
we are noobs : the most beautiful car game in my life,1
quwayne morrison : this game is awesome take it from me download it u wont regret it,1
it's yourboy tariq : great game little modifications,1
ashlee ortiz : this game is awesome the game play great.,1
irtiza hasan : just the game i was looking for! rock on dude!,1
schemeaz generation : i really love this game its awesome .,1
king k : really good it's really fun,1
meet rajgor : good game after same time you would bored,1
lone wolf : great game,1
nicholas robson : nice game to pass the time.,1
nickolas beyne : great game with specific taste,1
monico junior : this game is so good! really well developed!,1
nadia duke : four words i love this game,1
sangeeta das : love the endless ride!,1
shaik mohamed chandpachu : it is pretty strategic!,1
meysam mohammadi : a beautiful game i like it too much,1
brigan : good game to play when bored,1
gau tam : only 20 levels.,1
femboy licker : good drivin game a bit twitchy and slidy tho,1
nefdarknight : the app crash a lot,1
mobile gameplay : good but money is hard to get,1
rakurai okami : it forced me to rate it after the training,1
loner_3rik : the game is nice it runs smoothly in my end,1
brian canovas oak : great game,1
mayank sharma : one of the best on the platform.,1
joseph perez : it actually pretty entertaining,1
arman momin : this is expensive game i like this game,1
ivan riady : fun and addicting,1
muntswu chifhiwa : this game is very good i love it a lot,1
ains aool gown : woah this is nice game that i've ever seen so guys download this app,1
lucas bautista : this is a super nice game i ever seen hahahahahaha,1
amit kumar sinha : i love this game is now a surprise for me.!!:),1
shaban mburu : the worst game i have ever seen.it's played by babies,1
tina robinson : the game is awsome its so fast,1
eee : love this game it's sooo coool!,1
anuradha pandey : i playing this game too much from 2 years,1
filou filou : nice easy game,1
duncan carter : great game. just try it and see.,1
jaya prakash dme don : i will first time playing thise game lovebl this game,1
justine parkhouse : it's a very good game i love it,1
angus memmott : very fun good quality,1
moses matovu : wa wa waa wat an interesting day on this game,1
a_bot _19 : i really enjoy this game,1
custom spotlight axe : this is a best game ever,1
sanzay shahi : nice but not additives,1
conrad reyes : nice game so much stuff,1
booty muncher : bad game dont recommend makes you rate bad game stupid idoitic,1
chhuantea pc : the best game ever,1
filip bielik : pretty good game! i recomend!,1
ahmed al iraqi : it's relly nice game,1
babak nateghian : very very good game,1
anurag singh : nice game for time pass,1
lili patir : this is a very good game,1
riddhi chatterjee : very hard to play,1
chris bairstow : addicting and fun!!!,1
novan ardita : i like comedy like this game,1
aethetic piper:d : wow.. its an amazing and addictive game,1
lol lul : great game..i have never played such a game..but it's cool,1
logan eggerth : it's ok but why do you have to collect my personal data,1
reza k : very very good and fun too! i love it,1
rajib das : this is the wrost gaming control i ever played,1
aparna misra : good game but become quite boring,1
jules andrea racuya : so smooth and good,1
legodinosuar 2 : its a good game for kids,1
gaurav dutta : no matter how much i drift it doesn't get recorded,1
robi-ann doyle : very good gameplay.,1
hollywood muyunda : i now i have said this alot of times but now it true best game ever,1
zarar orakzai : no cri death video helve shush census soffit frustration crusty brecht goto degree gobo l strait dugout cawthorne feel funny that when we have a few more of us there a lot more and more and more of the same people in the team 6 i think is you going on a bike ride today and the just is here to well pretty a and i am hoping for to weather on sunday as well and the sun will be look bit little relaxed than i a have be telll play head around with house corner telll play. z,1
arya dave : need help. i'm on level 13- how do i trick the police. please help #drive team.,1
joshua thake : amazing it is so much fun,1
dylan bishop : to quote the heavy... is nice,1
ben richard : i love how the game go smoothly,1
aiberson : this is the type of racing game that i really wanted,1
tuog productions : not an outstanding game by any means,1
tyler pierce : this game is the best game ive played in a while i highly recommend it,1
giga motskobili : this app is trying to steal information. don't install !,1
van wyngaard j : good job with the game,1
anton paul : nice game ever i seen and funny too,1
a google user : nice game but control is bad,0
rutvik modi : they fooled me by saying that if i reviewed this then they'll give me a car..but they didn't,0
london reyes : great to pass the time,1
irene margret : funtastic game like most this games,1
krazy status hindi / english : very nice games please multiplayer,1
jesus jaramillo martinez : very funny and beautiful,1
jasnain puente : nice and simple,1
darly jacob : awesome game. loved it !!!!!!,1
derp gaming21 : thi is a fun game i wish ther was more like it,1
md d n i s h : this game is good for time pass,1
budi budi : great game and simple,1
akshay raj : to hard to control,1
jessen januardevin : this game very cool and feel amazing!,1
roberto mazzara : i love the song and cars,1
mohammadjavad s.m : good but don't have good gameplay,1
travis foley : good game but a bit fidgety,1
oxymoron : wish the police chances were more intense and u could get arrested,1
jayden duke : this game is soo much fun i do recommend it,1
shock wood : i really love the game and thats all i have to say,1
hossein karimi : great!that have beatiful maps,1
stephen karl cayube : i am definitely having a godd driving experience,1
ben ngash : i was unable to start the app,1
dimas azfa rahman : this game is very addictive i like it,1
jimmy herman : fun and addicting,1
kate mcleish : a bit tricky but you get better and better,1
m.s.s. the creative : great game,1
siebert van wilder : lag spikes on a flagship phone...,1
vegece thepilot : really fun game,1
ali abilyas : the best driving game ever,1
it's me : best game specially for time pass best game best game specially for time pass best game,1
nikolai aristov : fun and relaxing,1
rajdeep paul : i wish this game had some more content.,1
roblox cool player : this game is nice cool and the old days,1
biswayan nandi : i've never seen a game this perfect,1
dom smeraglia : good game but can get boring,1
chrisby boley : the controling on its terrible!,1
karan kale : ah.. love for drifting can resume in action.,1
aishathul sheharban : super man good but different game,1
davis salazar : it's fun and nothing wrong with it,1
fein _tastic : the game is so awsome.and there is a cops,1
ginda : it is good game to kill time,1
mr manoj : good game and funy movement,1
mephisto : nice game but the only issue is brakes,1
sumeet kumar : such a chill and peaceful game.,1
kevin c. : quality game,1
azzah azzah : it hard to control,1
dinesh gulia : nice game this game will never let you bore,1
bruno saldanha : cool game,1
mon chen : good grpahic and good move.,1
kealeboha keele : takes too much space,1
aaron vadnai : fun game. great game play.,1
tanmay : funny and interesting game,1
black kid : it's really fun i love it,1
isaiah cassell : the best driving game ever,1
uneedme ? : add more cars,1
jacob manowitz : really fun and simmple game,1
justiceog yt : it was good its one of the only games i play,1
maira martins : it's so fun i love the game good game,1
condrachuc veaceslav : very fun and nice looking game,1
md tahamid : i love this game everything is very cool in this game,1
thaddaeus rowe : you force me to rate your game,1
steve fox : only been playing for a couple minutes seems kool so far,0
surprise jalep3no : fun and easy,1
mohammed jaseel : one of the best addictive game,1
the dark knight : really loved everything but the cntrols should improve,1
mohd. ayan : nice game for timepass,1
lord rutse : i love the cars and all that,1
shilpa shinde : nice. game doesn't hanging in my mobile,1
haider rahman : amazing but kind of boring,1
chanda tajave : very nice picture colity,1
randy b : a bit touchy but fun,1
john is cool : its a good driving experience,1
wisso : good game,1
cap osama elkomy : very good and addictive game i loved it so much,1
girish tangariya : nice and fun,1
shish ali : very nice plz install the game you play very think how can i speak that,1
priyamvada roy : i never play this type of game it is soo cool,1
thoufeeq adoor : very better'grafics i love game this game bettar story,1
kr mouna : very nice game please try it once,1
jamarcus jones : fun and old school i like it,1
sachin deo : very smooth game,1
sharkuzi : this game is stupid how do you even get the coins!!!,1
summer miller : kicks me out when it says #drive when i click start,1
emily phillips : i love this game the cars are epic,1
nicolas delorenzini : cool game,1
andrey norasi : fun,1
lethu king : ive never played a game like this. by far one of my favorites.,1
mark nomqhuphu : oooh wow!!...wish i could say more but this game got me speechleeeeeeees!!,1
satish rai : its good gamme but no down loadas,1
attila kun : fun game nice time waster,1
dylan leigh : its fun but basic,1
tate's show : it is a good game there are like no adds,1
mohit agarwal : simple and involving game,1
vasu joura : this is a really fun game to play,1
nick s. : applications that force a review automatically receive a 1-star rating.,1
purple toxic : good quality game nothing wrong,1
aijaz khan : awesome...very entertaining...thanks,1
anan the gamer : one of the best car game played ever,1
n & r m : best game i have played on mobile!,1
sadman sakib mollah : wow. the grafics and the voice its goddamn cool,1
rajan thomas : thr game is nice ..its quite boring,1
cory welch : i love it is good and it has good quality,1
isaac leigh : pretty good for a free game,1
jameela qadir : anything comes to play store now day is trending,1
jordan jones : pretty good game,1
nk latha : it's an amazing game,1
ramon hernandez : fun waste of time,1
slickblader : its hard but you get used to it,1
joe latteri : it is very fun & hard,1
kanwal chaudhari : bringing the vintage gaming era back,1
speakingnewton : the best cars game i've ever played!,1
hellfire 666107 : amazing and addicting!,1
tasfiqul tapu : really nice game . worth 5 star.,1
satrio indrawibowo : can u make cars fast i always bump,1
rajni dogra : i am 8th may not work in 7th may 8cm to get to see if the charge is recommended,1
rajasekhar a : i found this game interesting and very calm,1
anandhu : is this game very nice and entertaining,1
priya devi : this game is great game like wen i played i felt great and cool game,1
jadhav sujeet : best game to play. i loved this game,1
ferreyra fv : cool game and aesthetics,1
muhamad rizky adrian : literally fun game to play,1
baljinder singh jassar : this game don't have senser options for drive,1
damon hilborn : takes time to get the hang of things,1
viren nagdev : very bad game worst game of the world,0
keppy deppy : great game all round!,1
nathan dayman : its nice to play if you are boerd,1
jay_ xt : i've already played this game,1
s .s : this game is so much perfect ilove it,1
somyo verma : probably best driving game ive ever seen,1
fabulous rider : i like this game because it is so funny,1
swagg _alpha : its great when you get use to it.,1
shlok mane : this game is so good. i always enjoy playing this game.,1
watch out : add tilt control please!,0
sagnik basak : congratulations developers you've made my favourite game at the momet,1
antwone sinclair : the game is awesome love it,1
disha debnath : this is the best game ever. thx for making this game.,1
devang chauhan : nice game but not control,1
soyboii : the best driving game i've ever played,1
martin hilligenn : really cool and fun game,1
a google user : very good graphic,1
aman tewari : phenomenal retro too good.,1
big boi : nice cool game! love it!,1
conrad pickard : extremely fun would recommend!,1
yoga hardika : nice game to fill my time,1
evan : meh. not much to it. not that fun.,1
gibo gwapo : i love this gamr thank for nake this,1
vivek chandra gupta : i love this game its very interesting,1
dennis rabota : it's a great game to pass the time.,1
aman shaj : best car driving ever played,1
siavash makhmalbaf : its super game and i love it thanks gus for this game,1
play my life : i am downloading it because of the comments posted on it give congrats,1
kriss rackovan : its actually a really fun game,1
mack aljun murillo : its very fun to play,1
shahzad ahmed : best game ever in the world,1
no.name_user 53 : this game is fun and adictive,1
ryucus : it so cool to drift all around,1
stressful : fun game very addicting,1
g furious : it's so cool and satisfying,1
lazaro albarran : great game to kill time,1
dony l0l : really fun game to play,1
falcon g : most worst game i have ever seen in my life..... ..........,1
lucia saroha : the game is really cool i like it,1
angelo futad : damn! i haven't played it bcoz i can't even install the app!,1
icsy aa : game won't play.,1
jesse sparks : great game when your bored,1
khin san nwe : it is really relaxing for me to play.,1
mayash hassan : it was great,1
roman pospelov : looks atmospheric. i liked it.,1
febra bayu : easy to play,1
otto_ 999 : this game has potential..it can be much more than what it is now.,1
johan jerry thompson : its a amazing game thanks to who made this,1
mike roshe : can you please add a hilux puckup truck. ill change to 5 star,1
nag nag : not good controls,1
mason cassel : fun waste of time,1
alex_games.3011 a : cool game it's good it's good time killer,1
dane zidane : the only game i found that has photo mode !,1
amsal momin : good driving there,1
ghanshyam mahto : feels good while playing.,1
nikita : nice but boring,1
xenul jhala : really good game to paas time,1
none none : wish their was controller support,1
vaggelis chatiras : very nice game,1
lucia chisi : three words i love it,1
mahmoud gabbani : what a tremendous game. i just love it!,1
hamed wagdy : it's so fast and fun,1
thomas m.k : this game is awesome,1
panzer kommandant : this game is good i highly recomend you to download this game,1
vegasu : riddled with ads,1
a google user : it looks fun to play,1
sahil desai : worst controls ever i seen in my entire life,0
baby yoda dude : gives me something really fun to do in my spare time,1
victor flores : addictive,1
zew patetico : its great. my son loves it,1
otso vesterinen : what do i have to say,1
nightwing222 stirling : great game love the style,1
james lawe : who doesn't love this game are cursed this game is the best game ever,1
april whetstine : i love it this is so fun,1
g - shock : nice story,1
alisa gs : thats one of the best car games,1
kevin m : yeah great game!!! ilove cars,1
sam : fabulous game love the drifting,1
fabien joseph : best game could get more camera views..in updates.,1
nektar tsigkras : it's a pretty good game but i want more maps,1
vinit : very nice game,1
xuan quyen : great game,1
sayan : damn bro!!! this game really deserves a 5 star,1
j b : not happy with the progress.,1
mohammad marshi : this game is great ,1
gary long : fun lil game. worth a play,1
artem : that's perfect stylish game,1
droppsterx : good game really enjoyed it i recommend.,1
tejas raman : good game to kill some time,1
mohamed ali n : floaty controls but nice game yalad,1
esteven navarro : it's a great game to pass the time.,1
aidan williams : it's chill and the gameplay good,1
martin manrriquez : i like the game and cool car,1
michelle benitez : very good graphic iloveit,1
killerlochie 11 : good game like the photomode,1
andre wizach : more track would be nice,1
antonio gillard : controls are hard,1
suyog2009 animation : it yas to good to play its experience is like a trial,1
suvro ganguly : best game to play to avoud boredom,1
abhinav t a : hard to control,1
bruce diaz gaming : good game to kill time.,1
shikshit nawani : give a gyro support please..... it's all this game needs,1
issam nazmi : its super cool thanks for the person who made it,1
jackson kruse : a fun time waster in class,1
samuel kalai : great time killer for me while i am sitting on my lazy ass...,1
armaan khan : this game is verry good i suggest to downlode it,1
shyam m suvarna : handling is difficult,1
nery romero : really enjoying it so far,1
zura ph : such a nice and good game although hard to control,1
zenpai lotus : the game is nice and amazing,1
alexanderia sagar : good app like the physics,1
taha esfahaninejad : cool game overall addictive,1
dima montvilas : very good abit dithy cult but very good,1
godzilla23 : great game i love playing it.,1
auri and meow chaw dey : love the graphics and cops,1
mohammed abdul haseeb : an outstanding game .i prefer it to all of you.,1
abhaykumar mali - 151 : this is very addictive game,1
erdem mahfoudz : nice game and very interesting,1
heavenlytokyo : just calm and relaxing,1
micowhild micowhild : cool games i really enjoy it,1
ethan potgieter : absolute best performance,1
murshid alam : clean,1
achmad khiyaril : this is great game for adventure race,1
j y : why do you need access to my google drive account ?,0
j hu : not a bad game but not my cup of tea either.,1
begari naveenkumar : hmm i like this game. really so cool.,1
kidnaper : i have to rate this app becouse i will get a free car,1
adam lindaman : great simple game,1
nipuna keragala : great to ease the mind,1
simon none : i have problem to opening the tokyo map,0
divyanshu singhania : worst game in the world don't download the game your internet will be wasted if you download the game,0
cleverly ridiculous : need to verify quality over time.,1
sampath k : i didn't see anything like this game in 15 years of experience good,1
sampath kumar : such a awesome game.. please add fpp mode,1
puedemos llegar a 1 millon sin videos porfavor : it's so cool the controlers are.great,1
jace mccoy : its a lot like another game i played except better,1
lexa43 : cool graphic style,1
ryan cronin : fun game. looks great,1
perfect computer : it is nice game thats why i will give 5 star great!,1
diptarghya banerjee : this is good offline game,1
duwayne walker : amazing fantastic gameplay,1
mosi mp : please allow playing with wi-fi networks,1
karlis tamovics : why isnt this on the top of the charts its soooo polished,1
farook shakeeb : this game awesome thanks so much for game,1
avijit das : hard to play i don't think i can proceed with further 100m,1
nandan ravi : controls are horrible.,0
oskiee : controls are horrible.,0
vros gaming in yt : amazing game it's actually fun,1
leachard kruger : it's so fun and awesome,1
t : good game download is worth downloading,1
anas : wow i reall feel that this game is very interesting for me,1
hamid hamid : amazing! keep up the good work,1
saiful azly bin mohd zaki al hassan : love it ,1
naeem khan : unintuitive mish mash...uninstall,1
joel yacoby : very good it works perfectly,1
kylan rock : very very good game its very cool try it,1
jintei : its the best driving game,1
imnotquack_ : verry good make the phisics better tho,1
u : #great visuals good game love it,1
joebxth : fun gameplay. thats all!,1
krishna erriah : i completely recommend this game it's so fun !,1
jilu joby : ad an awesome car which is called the tesla cybertruck,1
sarita umari : very nice game kitty game,1
polyclinic hospital : topjnhbbhbjj of games and i will be at the house at the end of the day i was in the shower and then head to the airport in i really enjoyed working when everyone kejdjdndhuxhd up and i lag ja sim sim game free download kskjdjxj a little late but i'll be there at a friend's and then dudjdjdjsnjsdn to uhxhxbxnxnxnxbxbxndbxbdbdbdndndn dbbxbd to email eu and i will send the t out you know what jdjjdjdj window in every bruh b up euj be back up heh b nnnrj and the u uu jenj n j n n of the time wala b,1
in my mind : i like thats graphics is wooww,1
beatbox challenge : best free time game,1
kate quinga : yoo this game is so cool and its a game that is so cool and the game is so cool,1
neo kg : it's a fine game but i'll install it some other time.,1
rajendra patil : hate controls & sensitivity.....,1
kristijonas bruzas : i like it so far lmfao its kinda wack but thats why i like it,0
i am josh : good for passing time when you don't have internet,0
tania naznin : very good controla,1
naik naik : is it just me or is the sound kinda messed up,0
mazin abdul azeez : this is way more awesome than i thought!!,1
madanraja rajamohan : this was very good but thr handling was ok,1
zyd : amazing games and free,1
romeil minnaar : i moded the game and now it's awesome,1
jun narido : its a great game. i recomend it.,1
julio rios : fun for a couple of hours,1
link_1 1 : a nice game of cars,1
selman sar : 5 stars if it gives the car (gonna chance if it wont),1
pramila warad : best game ever created. people giving bad reviews should die,1
daniel p : game doesnt even start for some reason :/,1
natisuper demeke : this game is for the loosers only. i cannot download the game,1
jjgamer404 : i think it is really fun,1
shaik zarina : the game thaat i always imagined in my childhoood thanq yu,1
william sage : good but lacks depth,1
cik puan watiey : i like this game and it's fun to play,1
malik fa : oh c'mon -1 star for the ads okay... hehehehe,1
savita sharma : good but no tilt system,1
neil lemmer : iy is a cool game but neet worke,1
business man : nice and challenging,1
prabhath dc : good game and many more improvement,1
clash master raghav : awesome lobby grabhics and texture,1
abdul malik : best racing game ever!!!!!,1
ravi shankar : i love it,1
elite : one of my top 5 favorite games,1
chandler lane : really good simulator.,1
floppychzcake : this was a lot better than i thought it was,1
its a wyvern not a dragon : drive and it will be extreme,1
vishnu d.s : bespt app for time pass!!!,1
fish : just a cool driving game,1
harshavardhan c n : gyroscope steering should be there,1
yoai moai : it's a good game it's a good gamee (it's alive),1
roadkill studios : great game i recommend getting this.,1
fri5ky : addictive af..love it..add some weather fx if you can yall..and please add tilt controls ..,0
ismail abou merhi : i like this game because it's sooooo fun,1
faraz ibrahim : money guzzling app! really bad from devs,1
donna anderson : its ok i just got to play it.so im just finding out obout it. i will let you now i lile it,1
redtherandom 23 : pretty good time waster. all i can say,1
siddhi pandit : this game very nice because i will give 5stars,1
bentley beats : the upgrade part in tutorial is broken asf,0
hma aleem : it's a very good and boring game,1
keeran hicks : great game i absolutely love this game,1
taylor courtoreille : it's a overall good game very fun,1
dhanajaya rao : very nice game just for time past,1
treqabee : i love the style of this game,1
natanael adam : this control is very hard,1
mariam sm : i dont now how to say,1
manish kaushik : simple and boring,1
a google user : very poor not download,0
tigran tonoyan : needs more roads,1
tsolmonbayar odkhuu : i have no words.it's a perfect game,1
aditya salunkhe : best and simple game i've played.,1
luka stipanelo : great cinematic feeling game,1
sooraj mohan : lol i'm just installing this and the trailer video just blew my mind so i'm giving it a five star,1
amarjeet rathi : a very nice game. play it,1
oseloka isichei : very easy fun,1
macabe sprenkle : its a really fun game,1
naveen malingan : great game to kill time,1
david alvarado : its really fun and cool,1
just teaming official : its a good game i recomend it to anyone,1
riddhesh ramachandran : the best stimulator game ever played,1
roccobonini aws : super fun. good stuff. and it got better,1
simonezekielyt : nice but pls add more jdms,1
steve vlach : its awesome. try it!,1
khasmer : dont know what so say but nice game!!!,1
victor avilan : pretty cool game (not helpful review),1
nayan kumar : game is fully relax game,1
deacon blade : very fun,1
matej vele : fun to play,1
johnpeter v. tangpus : this game so boring,1
emmanuel gambiza : ohhhhh ooouuuu this game is litty... update this game ryt now more levels plz,1
lee chung liang : hard to control,1
blurpy : this game is good and relaxing,1
caleb snow : really. fun and gives a good experience.,1
nasha n : this game is good for my nephew.,1
destiny owoh : sweet game.... so addictive,1
stoopidguy_ : cool and chilly game would recommend it,1
lance limmuel imbuido : it's good but im not good at the game,1
patrick meyer : so much fun game is made well,1
colin douglas : loving it decisively thrilling,1
elizabeth helms : it dose not have any adds,0
ez-kai : this game is so freaking addictive,1
yung fasa : it's a dope driving game for sure,1
marselo martinez : to me it is a very good game would recommend,1
cz tv : very fun too play.,1
quintin drury : i love this game it's so fun,1
devesh : one of the best offline game,1
fabian brill : i love this game it's just awesome,1
sbuda the gamer rsa : it capparatofotical bro i like the game regard,1
vaeshen raj : wow it is the best game keep it up,1
badr abdelsalam : everything in this game is very very bad,1
cristian negron : its nice love it just so much action,1
sarthak mitra : you can add siren to police cars and add a ambulance,1
jeffrey gibbons : still getting the feel for it haha,1
nitin justa : at first its hard to play.,1
- thetellyou - : wish i could turn while braking,1
ntp fe4rless : it's a good car game,1
sachin kumar : the same time as a good day at a bit of an,1
domanic gutierrez : acted like a pretty decent game,1
aditya suraj : it's a good game a great time killer,1
keano cloete : had me at times,1
adamaliff hakimi : this game is so fun! this is the best game i have play,1
hahahahahahahaha : worst game ever,1
ricky vargas : its so fun to play it,1
samantha li : i love the drifting of this game,1
sound jacker : rly fun and addictive,1
pranjal singh : it is a great car game,1
felipe iz : it reminds me of japanese series initial d,1
dhany agung priyatna : nice game. its funny,1
girish prasad badoni : this game have a nice controls,1
cptn_ skii : its very smooth,1
love ac ac : two way infinite with petrol bank,1
shandexx gaming : nice with minimum game,1
exotic shepard : lot of endless fun,1
vonte burke : its a really fun game,1
abhinandan sai : amazing dude abslolutely loved it!!!,1
brent xavier : great game,1
aqlan zakwan : the game that i want for a long time tq for making this game,1
jager doesyt : i wish you would change the orange window color of the hachitofu to match the windshield,1
ya boi jay : great game 5 out of 5,1
ahmed fady : this is very beautiful game,1
yc fu : glad to be playing this game.this game is lit,1
hamada alaaeldine : not a bad game it's fun to play it,1
gordhan singh : it's best game to play store,1
tyler durden : very nice little game...!,1
harsha dhameja : nice and simple,1
theodore freeman : this is a good causal game to play,1
itz_ _smyanplayz : it's awsome,1
marie paulhamus : probobly the best car game ive ever played!!!,1
milos petrovic : this game is my favorite game on phone,1
steven donovan : i think its really fun,1
besar shabani : perfect game love it,1
maximus skretas : pure rubbishness. its glitchy and when i goddamn turn it don't do anything,1
nyte : this is what i've been looking for! a one of a kind game!,1
newtamilan lorryservices : it is a crazy game please play this game,1
adrawi : a really great retro game,1
a google user : super game and i want more game like this,1
trash : great game from what i have seen so far,1
hananta trendyarta : a very very cool game.,1
eli africa : booooooooosssssssssss game best car game i played in a while,1
eskander mastouri : i like it it's a pretty chilling game u know,1
kostek szubra : fun time killer without wifi,1
ham_of_the_udi : nice driver seat that you play in,1
robert smith : just started. pretty good. appealing.,1
caleb nash : could be more detailed as in more things to do,1
sajjad jafari : nice racing game,1
paul john gliane : one the best game on mobile,1
jilberto pansza : challenging and fun,1
martins amusan : it's a really cool game,1
endless gaming : great game!! nothing issue,1
retro green white orange oneill : cool game i'm going to get my friends to play,1
inam junior : been ages since i enjoyed a game like this,1
light. : amazing game very cool very epic why? cuz good graphics,1
bright mngadi : really good game...chill and fun,1
krishana kashyap : control is not good,1
shinu anaz : so good game everyone you have to play it,1
ian plyler : gooooooooood,1
x310 khan ibrahim : this game has easy controlls,1
nacho noah : rally fun game i would recommend it,1
matthew massengill : no motorcycle. please add motorcycle.,1
chaturvedi vikas : cool game ,1
valter nirk : good game (cod:modern warfare is better),1
jnyanadeep : it is one of the best less mb games,1
amanda lee : pretty all-round good game,1
siva kumar : its nice to play nothing worst.,1
silvers rayleigh : best time pass game,1
hasan taufiki : first try and i love it so much,1
mohammed ahmed : my cars which i bought are gone after the new update,1
natalia blidar : awesome,1
nuclear esport : nice graphics hi,1
ig : the car's handling is trash,1
irakli iko : very good game dowload this,1
rachit patil : best game ever played on my tablet,1
mcooferton 111 : pretty nice game man real person btw,1
ashraf ansari : best time pass game,1
karim kharrazi : loving it so far!,1
niksa pilipovic : the game is not optimised,1
rahul barman : i think is the best game of playstor,1
bud perkins : could be a little easyer to corner,1
danny john : this is awesome game of 2021,1
olivia daize : phenomenal. absolute perfection.,1
palagudi usharani : nice game... i love the game..,1
babita chauhan : very good and addictive game,1
cavion bowen : i love this game it's the best game i play in my life,1
jasmine wilson : i love this game it awesome thanks,1
rahul dokala : fabulous game which i had never played,1
hafiz zyn : i love this game?!! im so interested,1
victor breedt : it's really fun to play,1
shakhawat hossain jamil : #drive game is perfect good,1
payal lunkad : very good but hard game,1
zayed wakar shaan : best traffic racing game,1
joshua eichbauer : very fun game highly recommend,1
jack smith : iots a cool game to pass the time,1
haggai chola : it's a nice game i love it#,1
the wrong site gaming : loved this game and i will try to make it popular in youtube,1
ayash : this game is really fun haha,1
patrick ramos : its a pretty fun game,1
louise wilkins : addicting game so fun,1
michael nadolsky : forces you to rate or won't shut up about it,1
nick : its a nice game im happy i have it,1
a& i : this is the best racing game,1
romeu isaac casarotto : very nice and beautiful game ^_^,1
tickelmeelmo : it is really fun to play,1
job mathew : nice timepass for a game,1
suvarna wasalu : very nice game i like this game very much,1
a google user : very nice game ever played in my life,1
adam golden : fun kinda hard tho,1
that ramen : man the game is so fun,1
dominic gadoury : fun and addictive!!,1
astrapor : fanali senzation and gameplay is wooaaaaawwwwww,1
lavanya guturu : it is awesome game and i like it so much,1
serge hagopian : i liked it is such an amazing game,1
neji hyuga : it is a great game i love this,1
john sangve : ruined by ads,1
rom meshaly : already having fun. well made,1
soma raj : really flawless car game,1
michael rosenthal : it was great i have no complaints,1
arijit mondal : good game for timepass,1
pewdiep ie : great game time consuming,1
mekeem duberry : need a one vs one or four race how make it to the finish line win,0
aaron smith : realy good but less drift please,1
juliana njeri : this game is lit i love the game release another game,1
yogesh r : fantastic game and now i find it,1
stanced gaming : nice game very addicting,1
ditya arifanda : simple but great,1
derek hunter : interesting and fun,1
farhan ramadhan : great way to pass the time,1
nouman nazir : handling was not so good,1
karl gian osman : the graphics are so epic and so smooth,1
play as god : just fell in love with game yo,1
mark anderson : i like the acsent that the person in the game has,1
dhrupad gethesh : its really comfortable no words,1
sarkis mardirossian : well rounded free game,1
kelvin sayson : can't install the game :((,1
logan compton : i love this game its my favorite,1
jason b : love this game. super fun,1
juan carlos de luna : this is such a cool game its my favorite,1
ali yavuzer : latest updates wonderful because of the mailbox robot,1
emjay hoani : very fun and awesome,1
a google user : my nephew thinks this game is great,1
codexgg vip : so gooooood man really loved it,1
sai phapale : just having fun by playing this game,1
stormtroper gaming : it's great and gravitas,1
1986 toyota ae86 sprinter trueno : my experience with this game is great,1
ganesha 75 : best game u need to try this game,1
mohamed imran : i like it so much try this one,1
aley bracho : the game is pretty good,1
twaambo buumba : good game love it very much,1
stunnercab stunner : amazing wosh there more stars,1
amirul asyraf 84 : nice game for all age,1
vinayak salunke : nice but after sometime you will boring,0
suu wuup : it's a great little game.,1
rage time : it's fun and a time killer,1
calem forst : cool,1
jo na : it's a good game if you are patient,1
vague watch : add more tracks please,1
avuta saketh : this game is not installed my own phone so i doing like this games,1
adrian valenzuela : this game has the best game play ever imo.,1
rylee flook : i love these kind of games,1
chinmay kumar ojha : repair the bug,1
mehmood sahto : this game is very interesting,1
aleksander baez-perez : i can install it and it is so good,1
raveesh kumar : very good and excellent,1
sanjay deogade : game play is not good,1
mengistu bisrat : make it more challenging,1
reactor design : is good game but hard,1
k chakri : waste of data and time,1
declan thomas : this game is relly fun!,1
skyline savage : it is a good little game,1
tyler o'brien : 5 stars i love this game so mutch,1
mazher abbas : very fast game and endlish not be a lolzzzzz he hass been loolzzzbpelayar denot co e to fjhdsdtyuhhhyyfddddftyuio9oiiy gfffccgiiiugffgy,1
jasper lazaro : its working fun for me,1
ahmadreza ghasemi : its a good game i like it so much,1
aniq yusof : this is the best game i have ever played,1
annie annie : these cars so cute,1
royce darian scott : pretty fun. good time burner,1
shivanshu shetty : very great game nicely developed,1
hareesh k : wonderful game.. loved it,1
agija vaicekone : i love your work and stiael and i love how is 3d,1
stryder : reallyvfun and entertaining,1
taryn hale : it was so fun and cool,1
jayden martinez : i love this game it is so cool,1
betty galicia : very nice game to play,1
kaan tuna mermercioglu : the game wont open...,1
narendra kumar : nice game but there is no reverse tho,1
daniel ay : i really like it it is good game,1
-hurdukz- : mint game should have online too,1
azba d. mattison : stearing is all jacked up no good.,1
bob hope : this is a fun driving game.,1
asker aju : super this games i will be realy good for this,1
anar guliyev : personal data stolen by third party. be aware.,1
thebillyvalencia : a chill game. good for killing time.,1
techshmits : great game. do recommend.,1
shawal khan : it is the worst,1
alex mititanidi : this game is .ore fun than i expected,1
kev mahe : simple yet good,1
arunachalam manickam : very creative actually a mix,1
julius campbell : cool game and cars,1
shah man : this games is awesome and best,1
lawrence 21 : simple,1
frankson con_to_net : it was so great and fun,1
karam obidah : download these it's very good,1
russel dela cruz : is good but it needs a 3 person,1
ez : the best way to waste your time rn is this!,1
drew sadloski : very fun very good nice whoo holy guacamole,1
ricky : #77 enough for me to want more. good job!,1
sava avakumovic : great game ,1
critical-blitz : it's a good and fun game,1
ingest ingestarovic : nice game; cool cars.,1
ad _ : yea its genuinely a great game.,1
joel bulger : beautiful game i love it,1
alex rodriguez : is the best game i ever play in my entire life...,1
livewire xxx : ill tricky but super fun,1
nqobile valetine : best game ever worth downloading,1
farshad norifard : please update the challenge of the steps of this game,1
kade donovan : it's a fun little game.,1
prashant tamang : nice game .....best time pass,1
fauzan fatkullah : it is so so so so fun because it is like a simulator,1
jonathan k : nice looking little game,1
jakob white : great challenging game,1
yi-shen lin : i cant play with a laptop computer,1
william lane : half decent. lots of cars,1
nermal : new update is amazing (" "),1
airil muhaimin : this game yery yery nice to play,1
gaku to : best racing game ever,1
miguel esquillo : not bad! this game is so cool!,1
el gamer 240 : this game is the best thing that i've ever played and seen,1
ramkumar pandiyan : it really good i like it very much,1
sabariah mat sidik : this game is so good and fun,1
shashank : won't last 2 days in your mobile,0
seon stronghold : this is awesome fun,1
anurag dubey : nice game loved it.,1
julio camejo : it's nice. where's the brakes?,1
10 : yee ,1
tj quimby : pretty good,1
sir marky tv : so cool abot it i can drift its so cooooooooooooool,1
garrett pierson : cool driving game!!!,1
preston rouse : really good and fun,1
nimesh denon : can't install the app.,1
crinkley yeoman : it's just amazing i like this type games,1
suzaila sujak : the was verry good i really like it,1
za warudo : boring as life. but thats good.,1
a google user : very very good game i love it.,1
a google user : entertaining way to pass time.,1
cheese burger : the best graphics,1
maks apovnik : relly good game if u ask me...,1
titus rasmussen : only one word: fun,1
mungalpara chetna : these game is very interesting,1
sydney : sketchy how you want my personal info immediately after opening. kinda sus if you ask me,0
wildlens by afaq : new update is very great,1
giorgi galdava : good game lots of fun,1
rizky setiawan : this game i played went a i was a 7 years old,1
adam kline : this game is very fun,1
arul thevan : no words so soo good and beautiful,1
austin cross : control's are dog water,1
jonathan desena : good not a fake message,1
enrique rubio : cool easy game,1
fedora penguin : vroom. cars should be more durable,1
hristijan ivanovski : this is the best game ive played so far,1
ayah sbia : i can say that this is a very good game,1
phantom spear : it was a little to sensitive for me.,1
jeremy edward sanderson viii : yea it's cool. it's like. cool.,1
alex chepurnoy : pretty grindy and boring,1
keisha forbes : love it what if we got #drive 2,1
imran shah : best game im addicted to this game,1
roo choo : it's so good i love this f ing game,1
prakash devkar : this game is superb and most played game by me,1
saad mohammed : amazing addictive game,1
me 3 : cool needs more stuff to happen,1
mister damnz : i like the graphics dooo,1
velu prabhakaran : this is very excellent game,1
aditya nag : good timepass game.,1
mohammad ahmad : when i play this game i think that it is real.,1
aswin : best offline game,1
imran abdi : this game is so good and there are many things you can do!,1
tejo vardhan : good game for tp,1
abdulrahman m a.r : good application give as more we love u,1
uzair raza : no variety of tracks,1
karla toni : exciting exercise,1
jack hodgson : very good games love it,1
kavan brookover : really relaxing drifter,1
kanika adak : it's the best car game,1
carl joseph : so hard to drive,1
groppy yt : wow this game actually best game in the world tapi boong hayyukk,1
jerry bohl : still playing,1
al c : fun for about 10 minutes,1
derek grouchy : fun and entertaining,1
hamzah badegeish : nice game,1
shivam sharma : good game not impressive but,1
rekha nautiyal : best game in the world,1
trevor saffle : lots of cars to choose from,1
rc woods : it is really fun,1
fat raccon : awsome whit da police and cars maps colors of da cars,1
osho rai : damn. this is one cool game.,1
tharun : amazingly well made game .,1
calvin perez : i love it,1
cindy musonda : so good it gives me sam thing,1
austin thompson : this is a great games,1
rishabh gupta : control is too poor,0
saiswaroop kunda : not able to play the game,1
juan cruz : love this game real time killer,1
ruben 69 : really fun love it,1
jaya sudha : good game and runs will,1
n3rd f0xx0 : one of the best things i put in my phone,1
beth aquino : it is cool and fun,1
vishnu prasad d : it was quite good but later it was too.. boring,0
saket miri : best offline game,1
agatha aryeetey : the best game you can play,1
will benson : i'm just doing this for the car that i think i get,1
john mbithi : it's the best one can ask for,1
dawson lee : a great little time waster.,1
ethan goldsmith : the game made me rate it sooooo,1
chatla madhu : a game i like very much and this is the game to be played,1
rudi loggenberg : realy good game just very touchy,1
amex ameno : really cool game love it,1
nadz azmi : if you read you will try just dowload the game but i not force you guys,0
ryan mckenna : fun for short term sessions,1
kit weslie u carreon : good and fun to game,1
rabia nabi : brilliant time pass game,1
sunita ghosh : very good condition of anonymity,1
niema emam : itsvthe game it is to amazing,1
nitin singh : nice game i love this game,1
yunghan ladaran : it's really fun game good for devs,1
chai yee cheak : fun!! imagine can do this in real life,1
papa ji : this is greatly worked,1
zombiewolf237 : the steering sucks,1
rama chandra gouda : awesome game i like this game,1
light yagami : it's gameplay is best,1
karen smith : i have no issues with the game,1
lalita james : good game love this game......,1
abinya johnson : it doesn't all good but i love it,1
tabassum khan : best game ....................i like this game this game have a wonderful graphisc..i like this game .............,1
anna purna : nice and addictive game,1
mr robot : cool and nice game i like it,1
kolagani venkata ramana : this game is very easy,1
joseph mathew : highly enjoying,1
ir : can't open in galaxy s20 ultra,1
sinar ak : this game is so best!i like this game :),1
kamil islam : very addictive.love it.,1
earl rogers : pretty cool game love it,1
danail terziev : controls are good,1
aron christian norbe : it's so very good to play,1
papa ape : awsome yo keep it up.,1
abu sayeed : that's good and fun . i like it,1
budro : its a good adicting game,1
vv stars : good game but this aswome,1
gabriel baria : its amazing and noice,1
danu a : i love this game,1
zanyar world : realy cool game i like it,1
m1o1 a101 : wow .need more time on the police,1
woofer boi dj : fun and a great game,1
gabriel colom : top car games!,1
vijay bhagat : nice game good for tp,1
rishaan shettigar : this game is amazing like this game,1
yash. karande : i never thought that this game is soo damn good,1
jalal pc : best mobile game for those who love driving,1
el nino : a nice and interesting game,1
shaayan tahery : the best great crazy funny game i love it,1
nibutle : very good and very good,1
cody springer : heck yeah... awesome... purely awesome,1
deon neon : actually kinda nice as a time killer.,1
hana mdv : wow this game is very good!,1
kanyon robinson : this game is so xool i will never dellet it,1
intertwined fate : it's a fun game,1
purna boro : very nice to play,1
man patel : best game ever! download it,1
marko teletubbie : top racing game.,1
the drifting nith : love this game the controls and everything,1
jeffery goolsby : fun and addictive,1
manash hazarika : handling is very bad,1
deekshith deekshithgowda : little more change in that game,1
catalyst : very addictive game,1
sheger ketema : familiar with perfecto,1
bikramjit ghosh : i honestly love this game!,1
luke mc daniel : fun exciting time consuming,1
jan kusnir : fun for a while,1
mynor chavez : very addicting game,1
peter morenus iii : zen mode lives up to the name,1
jared nurse : love the game very nice,1
zayn hamdan : the best fun game ever,1
isaac duffield : it's a great game for you to play,1
stephen jackson : not to bad needs points quicker,0
varunkumar mariserla : controls should be developed,0
mr gamer : nice game download it,1
nuck incoming : it fun and cool,1
jyre prejoles : very good game. love it.,1
king chris : yeah it's not so that bad but perfect,0
a google user : thanks for these two are so awesome to see you and your mom and feel free to contact me at any time you want to meet at me please i need to know what time is best for you need to come over,0
abcd abcd : wow game i like it very much,1
kant memo : very good game i love it,1
nomalanga kubheka : the game is so fantastic,1
denny lee : fun addictive game :),1
iliya darvishi : its so good game for every one,1
mo no size mo no size : nice ... i like that game are good,1
aza : pretty fun time waster,1
brian gerdon : it a very fun game,1
rith dutta : good gameplay i love it,1
sanju sameer : best and i asy easy toplay,1
usama md. mustafa zaman : gets boring after a while,0
redquart : this is the game i always wanted!,1
ammar yasser : i really love it its fune,1
j k : so fun!!! play it!!!,1
ianisz : worst music ever!,1
braxton copeland : this game is better than any other game i have ever played,1
parzival : cool did it for the free car lol,1
blocksome man 360 : one of the best games i have ever played.,1
carlson charles : cool game police is cool also,1
rosalyn gaba : pls add a option to remove auto-gas,1
raj kumar : this game is most interesting,1
didn't ask don't care : it is a good game and fun,1
ditto k p : awsome game love it,1
henry daniel's : this game is really cool,1
josh kelley : it's awesome and cool,1
vulkin : fun to play i guess,1
wowie cortel : this game its so funand so grate game,1
greg burton : good simple fun,1
pughalenthi m : what a awesome #drive!,1
sukhi kaur : i'll like it because its the best,1
raamesh devan : the perfect game i need,1
nullrocket : it's simply fun.,1
jadarius jd : this game is great so try it,1
noisy brbr : awful controls. pisses me off,1
a google user : this game is very much good,1
jakarius young : it's a ok game i can get use to,1
brandon thundersword : it's super good and addictive,1
meenakshi batra karwal : the best driving game,1
philip thompson : this game is so fun,1
spysabertooth gaming : this is good is tricky to lol,1
litun hasan : this game is so good..!!!,1
fc comm : this is the best game ever in my whole life!,1
hank mcschlank : ya hearin' me teddy? just get the game.,1
suraj jayathilaka : well done good game. thanks.,1
kwanele ngubanes : i like this game too much,1
mohammed diaa eldin ahmed : it's very nice a d cool game,1
wapakels 24 : i really like the game,1
ogwal elvis : it's a really great game to play,1
benjamin de bruhl : great game to try.,1
mechanics monster : its a very good game,1
erkhes baasandorj : wow . this game has amazed me .,1
muhammad amirul anuar : very nice and good game,1
moise andrei : a cool game to kill the free time.,1
arsene nicholson : cool game i really like it,1
snipez droxy : amazing i just got it i would ate it 1000000 out of 10,1
danchigai : i just dont like this kind of game.,1
darshan v : not nice please don't waste your time,1
joshua ubaldo : i like this game its so asome,1
elvis jawala : addictive fun silly game,1
robert neuner : pay to proceed or watch ads.,0
pcr 030 : this was really nice game,1
ehud tsatsu tamakloe : soo cool i can't stop playing,1
beefaroni 5 : its a fun game thus far,1
saroj mishra : itd a amazing game . all of you plz download this game,1
mohammad khaled : never had any problems for now,0
chevy francis : this game will cure your boredom,1
amirul haziq : this game is hard,1
thadaladi manan : warning!.....addictive game ahead.,1
dear davil : nice to play this game..,1
brainless duck : love the voiceover,1
deshawn potter : this game is so fun,1
smelgo demango : its a really goood game,1
tristan mucadam : this is so cool i love it,1
puci_ manman : please add multiplayer,1
tshack2606 : great game highly recommended,1
tarique anwar : this is nice game i download hack mode,1
lauren raichle : great game love it,1
chan linus : ok and nice to play with,1
bobby singh : this game is very amazing,1
keon allen : best ever u be safe and stay out of trou le my friend,1
luca redfearn : it has a vw passat variant,1
akif haikal : this game is so fantastic,1
dean vdmerwe : best game i have played in a wile,1
choco bibi : its fun overall,1
anthony cazares : okay best car game ever,1
chona monzon : this is very great game...,1
rajib sym : not even worthy for single star,1
jakiboy123 : very epic. no flaws,1
hunterxstreme 243 : good nice and inicent game!!,1
sad days : it's the cooless game i ever played,1
jack banner : good game.play it on the toilet,1
mr moseby : fun and addictive,1
gundum_baxter : good game,1
ryan casey : fun and addicting,1
rev s. : it's a smooth game,1
sebastien holmes : good game,1
chance moore : so addictive love it,1
eren jane ricarte : w-wow this game might become popular,1
kindermeowth : very cool gameplay,1
justin sam : hard to play,1
siddharth manu motupalli : a fun game to play,1
harits ab : fun addicting game,1
luksmuk : this is game is awesome.,1
pragyan das : very bad game worst game i ever played,1
mohamad movahed : very nice and hard,1
sreevudhya suresh : super game i love this game,1
lemon and lime : i don't really think i could say one bad thing about this game,1
bejjan art : its hard to control and easy to die i fell boring now,0
sean roberts : really fun game,1
revolution : cool cars to drive.,1
nino gaming : super fanatics game we ara awesome game,1
holden stoot : an extremely fun game,1
bhagya lakshmi : i like this game . thank you,1
yhudah sullivan : i gotta say this is the best game in 2019,1
zia ul hassan : it's a good game not gonna lie,1
amir azad : good game and entertaining,1
qasim afzal : can you give us a new map real quick plz thanks,1
euma damasco : its a ton of fun,1
get.tachankaed : great game love it,1
michael james : really addictive game,1
what ever my name is : another decent infinite runner,1
astrokitty4155 : easy to play,1
jipster san : this unexpectedly fun,1
nathaniel rose-parker : fun and addictive,1
bennett albert macabasco : i like it because its he caling out off no logic,1
joven jo : i didn't feel boring when i play this game,1
hiteshbhai purohit : please add another map like hard-core mumbai. p,1
zonnie : lag as hell,1
willam elam : great game a challage!,1
jinosmj : awesome i love it !!!,1
dark god : goood gamee really fun,1
capn creeper : great game. would recommend,1
tutorial channel : nc game this game have a end like finish line?,1
harshdeep singh : addictive game ,1
mohamd banneni : thus is the shittiest game i've ever played,1
lalit barik : its a very nice game,1
ryan verhagen : just a really good game,1
harrison conley : love it. it's the best game i've played,1
rajdeep choudhury : it was a good experience playing this game...,1
david muresan : real nice game you got there.,1
amanda ferguson : it is cool and amazed,1
dion williams : fun and addictive,1
jonathan flores : this goes out to my girlfriend,1
amir meraj : these game is fantastic game,1
modonna corke : this game is awesome. the best game i ever played,1
top hat : i play it for years really,1
manacham sigawa : the game is good for playing,1
kristian dundev : really fun game,1
paul woelke : enjoyed this until it badgered me into rating it.,1
suleyman tural : very good one loved it,1
povilas val : best game on android,1
candace mallow : great game its addictive,1
jack hunter : very nice and relaxing,1
mukthadeer ahamed : good game its addictive,1
petar novakovic : i just love the simplicity,1
shihal mkm : great then i thought amazing game,1
daniel walldez : good free to play,1
david carbajal : it's one of my favorites games,1
parashuram choudaki : dont waste time and data,1
carl hamilton : pretty cool so far!,1
bhone : it is a really nice game,1
brody feigin : its really fun,1
thambara kumarage : it is good shooting game,1
kaleb cook : good game one of my favorites,1
mohammed firas : the game is amazing,1
sebastian benjamin johan jarema : a really great game!!!,1
claudia flores : game is real fun!,1
jason bett : it's a really fun game.,1
yomal piumantha : this is such a nice game,1
jake : actually really fun,1
zero britannia : just install and play don't doubt.,0
marianna markiet : i love this game!!!!!,1
alexander reichl : fun but hard,1
spoiler man : nice game very nice hahahaha,1
sughra attar : nice game i like this game,1
jam jam : good to spend some time,1
vicente ramirez : its a realy good game,1
qama art : so funny to play,1
kinohai : really fun game,1
ma hazel wahing : it was a nice game i like it,1
alex rodriguez : cheese burger,1
squidee 47 : its really fun,1
brendan kavanagh : game will not even install horrible app,1
farhan hassan khan : how can i collect envelopes for upgrades?,1
youssouf nassir : its well made i love it,1
shreyas joshi : pointless and boring,1
sara dawkins : the best game in the world,1
gp chris : hope more updates makes it better,1
big ol brainworm : really fun lil game,1
djanimeshkin : this game is the best initial d reference,1
adam sliman : best cars for free,1
retrogames : my favourite map is japan,1
the scythe lord : one of the best games i ever played.,1
sonali kulkarni : nice game. thats all.,1
rajit panickar : just love this game,1
robert brown : this game is fun time waster,1
evan diaz : great little racer,1
firenewt 14 : its kind of boring and meh,1
kahlil lawrence : it's not the best game but it good,1
siddhesh varadkar : why r there no brakes.???,1
myles charrette : this game so fun play it,1
badr ud doja : awsome and addictive,1
abbigail m ncube : really fun game,1
sheila haizel : this game is awesome,1
shivam kujur : i am fully enjoy this game,1
jaceon malik griffin : fun and addictive,1
micheal themy : very cool game.,1
mr-unknown : pls improve the game more,1
rania playz : cool game cool cars,1
robert brown : this is a really fun experence,1
dem epic : add more voiceover please,1
justin raya : game won't launch,1
dmitri neborak : it has great gameplay,1
bishal das : this is very good game,1
eddie burn : cool game...best ever ive played yet...,1
drollywally : really fun game,1
jonathan kater : you need to relax this is your game,1
nandini roy : this just crashes,1
shahriar anan : the environment is perfect,1
eli love : it be a fun game,1
abhi raut : actually one start is also too much,1
khidir abdullah : this game is cool its a chil game,1
elvin galgo : nice game what a very very nice game,1
nate's adventure's : heart fun and entering,1
marvin smith : very addictive game,1
travis r jachmann : very noice game!!,1
pratik : this game is awesome,1
z.mzayik : the best game in the world,1
oguzhan onrie eksi : this game is soo cool!!!,1
brody hall : this game is so much fun!,1
azadeh m : this game is very good,1
pig pig : vary good game and updated a lot,1
odzey : awesome car game,1
urban logar : entertaining. nicely done.,1
marcus mitchell : great game addictive,1
jarell ramirez : this game is awesome,1
rubiya chowdhury : this car game is cool,1
ob trejo : very cool game! :),1
saifur rahman sakib : it is great .i like this game.,1
loka ali : this game is very good,1
x3-uzzi1313 : it is a good game ho download it,1
anubhab palit : this app is not starting why i don't know,1
destiny dixon : i can play on ps4 controller,1
aaron turner : its very fun!,1
a google user : this game is too good,1
chinnathambi thambi : nice game i like this game,1
samih rahman : eh is kinda good but not that good,1
taylor lashley : good time killer and addictive,1
mayko duarte : its good and hard,1
isabel neves : nice of a game!!!!!,1
tonni rahman : i like this game so much good,1
a google user : lm very happy for your business development and implementation,1
brandon tedlock : well made game! recommend it,1
phizzle : good and interesting game,1
magorzata slyk : it is very fun,1
grebla ciprian : nice,1
access media : this game is so nice woah,1
saba ishaq : this game is good not bad,1
raju t r : high school and work on the way to the gym and then i will be there for you to be a good day at work and i have a great time and i don't know what i can see you in the morning and ready,0
tiego sesoka : this is a fun game,1
charlee : pretty good game ~chucho #fartoostoned,1
julian bensor : this game is so much fun,1
daniel ibrahim : this game is so amazing,1
the ghostx : good game in simulation,1
aniket nandanwar : good game nice to play,1
syeed zaman : it keeps on closing,1
bokang mpepo : it was a great experience playing this game.,1
no _life_ty : i think this game is great as it is,1
gaming badsha : this is the super amazing driveng game,1
edward munroe : its genuinely a good game,1
safaul hoque : how can i unlock the 4th stage of this game,1
striko plays : jelly drift is way better,1
reehan shaik : its a very nice game,1
ellie last : the game was awesome,1
haseeb : such an awesome game !!,1
achin ganesh : awesome game love it,1
syahirah sulaiman : nice game why my dowload late,1
mooselord flanz : i cant stop playing,1
dr. dead : a time pass cool game,1
baroksander : this game is f***ng beautiful,1
priya baskr : harish you may need the,1
immanuel : it's a fun way to kill time,1
woei foong chen : good game. addictive,1
zekaria ibrahim : i enjoy everything about this game!,1
shraddha mirgule : really nice game.,1
screech : the game is really great!,1
james gearns : cool little game!,1
daniel chin : hard but fun,1
andrew r : great game highly recommend,1
naresh chinadandiwala : nice game for considering,1
olukemi oni : its the best game ive played so far,1
lekha kaluarachchi : i love this game it's all,1
luhcca : this game is very nice,1
rnr : you can drift in this game. 5/5,1
mohd rezuan : this game is amazing,1
ankit panwar : really enjoyed it,1
harshit raghuwanshi 7d : this game is very good,1
sakib tahmid : this game is worth going viral.,1
cj : this game is awesome,1
hasnat ab : addictive and interesting,1
jaune-wayne lundie : it is very fun,1
dinesh 007 : i love this game mass thalaiva maranam mass vera level,1
pooja devi : best game play experience,1
firoz khan : this game is very very awesom,1
arsalan sh : it's awesome best time killer,1
rinae mphigalale : i like everything on this game,1
kenneth john legaste : good game to past time,1
cody friesner : i really love this game!,1
sony yay : fun game would recommend,1
colby young : its a good past\ time killer game,1
taz feldis : pretty fun actually,1
samuel daniel : its nice and addictive,1
mohammed muin : very nice performing cars,1
harsha bendre : this game is awesome,1
colin carew : very good game better than most games now,1
sahil patel : one word amazing,1
marcin zoadz : not worth my time,1
maruko senpia : fun but hate the police,1
itspuggyadi44 xng : pretty nice dringing game,1
ilham abiyasa : great game love it,1
mohammad moshafi : stupidest racing game i ever played,1
phusa lanrob : good game for chill time,1
nitrogen games : it is really fun,1
jhon czar : 5star bc why not its a nice game,1
preston modglin : the game would play beater if we use a js,1
dais yabi : this was holy freaking game wow to say what to say,1
azad abdulrahman : best journious game ever!!!!,1
nicholas rivera : woohoo weeee!! this game is hella fun!,1
khongor ganzorig : this is game very nice,1
loris : could have more corners,1
uenio santana : very nice game.,1
project b beats : it's good but it needs nitrous,1
sehgal men : really fun game,1
radha bhageloe : its good but not toe good,1
hbb : good down time game,1
anurag gauraha : where is the train we have to smash our car in the mission?,1
amir hossein saghafi : everything is good !,1
chasingearth : fun...more than i expected.,1
taher 8410 : this perfect game ever thanks.,1
luke 0 : played a bit good game,1
adheel najah : very nice game!!!,1
swati mohan : what the hell is this game that i can't believe!!!!!!,1
neel khedaskar : noice game really good game,1
satya darsan das : very good good game most expensive one of the game,1
santiago valencia cruz : the best app never seen,1
tomika the rabbit cancel dakoda x kraxicorde : idk what to say but nice,1
stefisa : really nice game.,1
marcoo : hnmmm its nice great game,1
jacob sault : really good gamewould highly reccomend,1
robert holleman : good way to pass time,1
aniket chaurasiya : i play the i like this game,1
j.r : it is very fun,1
milk man : great game love it,1
efren colorado : this game is awesome,1
dijil .k : very nice game good game,1
stephen small : pretty cool game! !!,1
bhagyasree paul : lt is a good game gcvbhhjyfuuvok do it so so so of yyrxk urhi,1
derrick gatonye : the game is awesome,1
alex francis : fun and awesome,1
benjamin gray : not bad bit repetative,1
mg 94 : the most interested game,1
shama yasmin : this is a bad and disgusting game,1
rebeka nora : great game who created this game,1
thaiti : really nice game!,1
cezar rotariu : simple and good,1
anthony v. warner : this is so amazing,1
n.nagarajan naga baby : super and i was very happy,1
kritin r kundiya : ilove this racing adventure game,1
m4x _fl3r : awesome take all my money,1
jann : it was very nice game .,1
loveneet singh : this game is amazing,1
iwan iwan : i enjoy playing this.,1
henny widiasari : i'm interestd of the car is real,1
pranjal chaudhary : its a good game good experience,1
tanner marston : i love this game!!!,1
slothix : really fun game,1
link triforce : all of this game is 10,1
rohit_r_s_ xxx : this very very nice game,1
josh s : fun game while pooping,1
ahmed eliraqy_ : the best game i have played in my life,1
evan butler : such a fun game,1
ken aglanang : cool and nice game!,1
metalmaurader : good to pass the time,1
hashir star : good but like old very nice,1
valdez,1
mugshot travels : love everything about it,1
yeganraj sivalingam : simple but good,1
vision power : great time killer you should try it.,1
a google user : this game looks great,1
ibrahim dawod : the game's a bit weird.,1
0bs0lete : this is really good game,1
vinitha vikraman : this a super car game,1
rohan sharma : best game o love this,1
danzel tabornal : very nice game!,1
max zakharov : this game is so fun!!!,1
assil madji : wow so cool this game i love it,1
claudia gomez : very nice game ever,1
ethio _universe : it's good to waste time,1
mohamadhasan marashiyan : amazing ty for create this game,1
zachary pagano : its pretty dope when u lit af,1
shahriyar khani : this game deserves millions of downloads,1
chinmay gamer : this game is very nice,1
yovan nugroho : good but control is bad,0
matlab gurbanli : this game is lovely,1
akash sharma : fix the control!!,0
ridh & san : wow that was really cool,1
smaili chourasia : love the game!!,1
partho biswas001 : best game. but game contol is not good,1
miiro julius : i dont but i should be doing this 4stars,0
smart boi gaming is sus : fun,1
heng leap pro : this game is amazing,1
noor abbas mirza : a perfect time pass.,1
rita jeanall allen : does richard john chaves .live what city and town.in .los angeles cs ? does richard john.chaves does live.in?.i am requesting and asking for full permission to.please may i have richard john chaves full home and house physical address.and street name and street address . and the name of. the.neigjhborhood which ricbard john.chaves does live in permemtly tn whaf true city and town dors richard john chaves does permently live in ?. i.am.requesting and asking for. .,0
dream noah : this game is so fun,1
pavel : the guys voice is ubearable,1
anam raza : it is awesome game,1
nikola cvetkovic : this game is awesome,1
ali merikh : fantastic game play,1
hot mess calm down : looks fire just by looking at the preview,1
zumar shakeeb : this game is so fun,1
violet brain : this game is awesome,1
asad4uedits : worst controls ever,0
bambang setiyo adji pamungkas : cool and fun game,1
yaman jaafari : this game is amazing,1
isaac mazanec : this is really well made.,1
garcello : great game for chiling,1
akshay khamkar : average gaming... no action.,1
keith kennedy : grat game very polished,1
anand kumar : good game of cat,1
sidratul muntahar : awesome need more updates,1
felicity amos : god game once you get the hang of it,1
mohammad javad ebrahim abadi : this game is amazing,1
khanaji 0064 : this game is amazing,1
akbarsha : super game fighting with cops,1
anonymous : can you add option to change camera view?,1
esti suryaningtyas : i like this games its good,1
peter du toit : so far it's real fun,1
bimo 4 icp b : plz add damage physics on june,0
shrimp gang : this game is so fun,1
fahad aameer : this game deserves it!,1
john dillinger : because its a good game for me,1
ayden nayler : very good and addictive,1
carl anthony silvestre : this game is awesome,1
hanish the great : worst game i have ever played,1
chomp : just got boring after a while,0
nimai kalita : very nice game.,1
mamta massey : i liked this app verryy much,1
anuj mishra : nice without control,1
lemongrenade : i really think that this is a good game.,1
lungile nkambule : this game is cool as a cucumber,1
tater pringles : it's a very fun game.,1
maxim beshlyaga : it's perfect!,1
ken radley : can't control the,1
abdel syafiq : relax gameplay and fun,1
halva god : cool game love it,1
ali irfan : smooth game like it,1
ml tutorial : this is so amazing,1
bader touyail : one of the best games i'v ever played,1
dark gamer : i really love this game,1
adharsh kamsali : i loved this game..,1
guy on a chinese motorcycle : kind of fast-paced to me,1
surya mane : worst controls ever,0
deb striker : it's a good game and there's no adds,1
lance dela rosa : it's pretty fun!!,1
aaron paulo : this game is so fun,1
rap moreno : this game is amazing,1
pi c : good game best car game,1
cherry bomb : had alot of fun,1
purushottam moon : so cool game please install everyone,1
nero : this game is awesome,1
electro general : its a time killer must try it !!,1
lunchai 46 : so stupid with the brakes,1
sachin berde : love the backgrounds,1
seyed mohammad amin mousavi : it's good for fun,1
carlos lopez : there should be more stearing options.,1
deus vult : i suggest to add night time,1
taj uddin : this is very good game,1
chanbeni yanthan : very very nice game,1
david webb : good for passing time,1
mystery boy : its cool graphic,1
hardik kapil : very adictable game,1
nikola mataruga : cool little game.,1
svetlana godina : pretty cool game!,1
dr.xd_yt : nice game to play,1
vijaya lakshmi : i can't drive at the 1st time,1
pacomios restorel : veryyyyy perfect game,1
eoin : fun game would recommend,1
krivo black : really satisfying game,1
vardhan : this game is very interesting.,1
raisins : i really loved this game.,1
deadly end productions : greatest game in my opinion.,1
chris huyett : this game is very good,1
surrsh mullu : it's a offline game or not,1
farivar ansarimehr : very good game this,1
wajid mahmood : this is very good game,1
freddie : pretty good game so far!,1
huzaifa masood : love this game so far,1
elisa calimag : tih is a good game!!!!!!!!,1
ayii yati yeet : so good and beautifully,1
s p : fun and exciting,1
levi sorta : great relaxing game,1
nishant mishra : voice is choopy in my phone,1
ryan burrs : love this game,1
aizat asyraff : this game was so nice,1
xuanfong tan : cool game i like it,1
tugrulking primegamer : epic! loved it.,1
times brookes : forced to rate so 1 star.,1
ozzy feliciana : it's cool and awesome,1
lasa gam : it's very cool game,1
makism tankov : fun game to play,1
citrus cola : good game for relax,1
himanshu thakur : nice game to play,1
shashi rana : this game is awesome,1
liam's beats : great game good fun,1
kizaru yt : this is the best gmae i ever found..,1
wilda fyat : cool and nice game,1
joshua galoy : i love the game <3,1
jogendra sharma : only loser play this game..... #loserdrive,1
giorgi iakobashvili : its a very good game,1
tj bryle paz : nice game pls do not download,1
only entertainment : this game is very best,1
zane womack ii : it's a good game and i like it,1
veena pujari : this grapiks is very nice,1
unocal : nice visual and experience,1
bhaskar singh : good ratings plus good games...,1
rev dariano : this is highly recomended for.noobs,1
junnieus sandietra ding : superb....!!!! must try folks. thumbs up,1
hiraku sakaguchi : this is a relaxing game,1
edgar cabanero : this is really good game,1
arumugam shanthi : good luck with the game,1
santosh gade : this game is nice,1
unni krishnan : very nice game..,1
joe clairemont : great game to play,1
richard pettiford : awesome little game,1
unbored_ player : really good game!,1
kovidh v.s. bhati : awesome for timepass,1
andre adi : please add pay to car,1
dru mill : cool so far but havnt made my final decision on how many stars yet,1
op guy : hard but fun,1
cool dood ship : really fun game recommend,1
nabil alsaadi : i didn't expect this game to be this fun!,1
mr. dimi : its good but not that good,1
shoqvaive : not as good as it seems sorry.,1
a google user : it's a good the game,1
ullas hathwar : nice i like this game,1
durgesh pawar : good ,1
a google user : it's a bad game.don't download this.,0
jayant sharma : it will sooneer become an editor's choice....,1
turk demon : this game is amazing,1
deano casso : one of the best games ever,1
syakir allif : so good playing this game,1
hasman airil : i like this this is cute.####################################drive,1
gio martinez : this is the best game in the world,1
samantha hollins : it's a nice chill game,1
big man : very cool game :),1
winwang tekwa : one of the best just download it guys love this game,1
akkineni nikhil : waste of time waste game,1
chandra gurung : its realy bad and good bad one star,1
seif bn ayman : exlant is a great game,1
mohd mizan : good game well played...,1
nur zaman : i will give you star nice game!,1
kody melech : it's not bad but it could be better,1
sudhir kumar : it is really nice game.,1
trace hamilton : the worts game ever!!!!,1
a google user : this is very hard,1
this is amir : best game i finished it,1
mk the gaming kid : just gonna install it. btw it looks cool so ima install it lol tho.,1
aryan raj : it's a great game to play,1
evans essel : one of the best games i've ever played,1
saife hoq : social leaderboard would be interesting,1
keshav malhotra : very best and exellent game,1
yuvraj m : very nice game.,1
rekha singla : i love this game,1
dark souls : this is a fun game,1
sazid islam : yap..this game is awesome,1
shailendra kumar sinha : worst game i have ever played.,1
syed suhail : it's just waste of time,1
elvis weston : my experience is soooo awesome,1
saksham shukla : incridible riding with osm vintage and new western cars,1
frederick valderrama : what a fun game to play,1
nadzir ahmad : this game is well made,1
zarith akif zahari : one of the best game i played,1
aritra mondal : best game to chill.,1
saidur rahman opu : very bad control,0
gangsters gaming : this is very good game,1
pizza boy : a great way to kill some time.,1
syzwn : this game is so good,1
ali enshaee : this game is so good,1
simon mwansa : i don't know why but i can't download the game,1
kaiser hossain : this game is great,1
ayodele paul : very good lovely game,1
smokey batangas : its a super good game,1
a google user : awesome game i ever played,1
hogan milligan : yup it's really cool,1
henry vandal : not bye very addictive,1
gamer power android : good this game i like it,1
jagdeep singh : please work in graphics and add camera angel,1
pushkar chandra misra : too overpowered of a game,1
quaid dolan : tbh its pretty fun!,1
brett potter : i love this game,1
a google user : simple and good,1
kyle wick : it's a fun time waster,1
godzilla 10 : its fun but eh,1
desmanpeters 90 : awesome lil game this one,1
alma nieco : this game doesn't need any improving,1
ignited foxy : i love the voices,1
drei bondoc : it was a good game i love it,1
banan4ik : very nice game.,1
gokul suresh : the best game i ever played,1
definitely not micah : this game is really good,1
jamie schonauer : love this game,1
tamojit roy : give us more game like this.,1
samuel rodriguez : this game is amazing!!,1
adrijus pol : cool but needs rx7 fc3s,1
gulsan ara akther : the game is awesome.,1
swaraj bandekar : i wonder how 4.6 stars. download and experience at ur own risk.,1
alcoholic grape : cool but really hard,1
andrei opait : cool for those who love og cars,1
yazan gharaibeh : arcade ... notthing special,1
hellboy : it's good game fun,1
ruben doevendans : nice relaxing game,1
daffa_fauzan : this game is so much fun!,1
christopher blunt : could play all day,1
ketan kumar : love the new style,1
reza goodarzi : this game is great,1
bhuttoo chetansing yuv : it's a very cool game,1
archizman banerjee : it's pretty good. give it a try,1
risheek kumar raj : this game is not as good as i expected,1
jonathan jonathan : nice and addictive,1
green toxic : i finished all the lvl make tge version 2 baby,1
xiomy jimenez : this game is pretty good,1
shawn troche : this game is pretty fun.,1
chhanda sarkar : what a beautiful game ;),1
rajdeep : third class tv series.,1
someswara rao somu : it is a very good game,1
a google user : can't play the game,1
tahsinul haque : thanku atc for recommending this,1
laxmi sai : this is so cool please try,1
pj valentini : fun game thanks,1
rockey rathore : this is a nice game,1
aryan isht : very bad game wastage fo mb,1
marco caluag : cool no lags for me,1
ritikgaming : bast cars and time killer game,1
kimberly pelszynski : i love this game....,1
les bumgarner : you must play this game! finally,1
yabex ye alemlij : you have to add garvity control mode guys,0
nelson marroquin : i like the game so much.,1
jazzer greezzeru : its very entertaining,1
trap police : i love this game,1
a google user : very nyc game awesome,1
moein mollazehi : will perfect offline game,1
raihan rahman : i didnt think it would be this fun,1
laura stevonkova : i just want the bonus car,1
7504 : super coolllllllllll! i like this game,1
ayush rajput : good to pass time,1
hayden rios : like the graphics,1
are u super soup : it's really fun,1
lighting fxi : this game is great,1
pankaj chouhan : but i can't control by fliping,1
v vlogs : didn't understand the control,0
sve : il play this . the best,1
cameron flint : not too bad. good time waster,0
edd dd : i loved it the game is perfect nice game,1
carsyn goldman : this game is fun,1
somnath roy : a very nice game,1
subham paul : best casual game !!!!,1
thanos b : really good game!,1
umesh thakur : it's a good game i have ever played,1
parsa saf : the game is good good,1
raeef asghar : it is a very good game,1
sreekala sudhakaran : it should be more close,1
rishi boss : im speakless to how goooood this game is!!,1
saurav rawat : this game was awesome,1
azad mohd : the best game ever,1
mergeghost : smooth game play,1
lag now : its good i would reccomend it,1
shubham bhalerao : nice game i had play,1
ukanwoke felista : nice game pretty catchyy.,1
tvn idiei : this is the best i like it,1
atharva shankar zadge : a very boring game,1
divy karel : this game was amazing,1
p g swamy : such a great game,1
ankit odedra : yes .it is a nice game .,1
andy khoo : i like this game car,1
its beta : such good gameplay,1
saher junaid : this game is to fun,1
clips wlips : worst game it even cant 1 *,1
lucky : very nice control,1
geetha anjali : put some music to the game,1
george souliotis : game wont load,1
shashi kant : there is a glitch in the game,1
luka gogsadze : this game is great,1
syamlal v s : good game at all,1
jose ayala : the game is great,1
noris de la cruz : it's cool. try it out!,1
xavier penza : it is one of my favorite games,1
sheeja. n anil : amazing and funny,1
solomon joshua : this game does not dissapoint,1
abhijeet sekhon : i love this game,1
aditya purushotham : it is the nest game,1
dibbylay : get this game it's good,1
umut gungor : this game is really good,1
matiis witte : this game is so cool!!!,1
gian baptista : addictive will have you coming back for more,1
leonard mcmillan : this game is awesome,1
kian aeron jose : it was fun!!!!,1
desii kalakar : this so amazing game,1
anup chakraborty : this game was very good,1
yumiko faiyola : great and cool game,1
mahdi khansari : crash on samsung api 19 device,1
harkirat rai : i really like it ,1
muterin kota : love this game,1
abashia adams : i love this game!!!!!!!,1
jason eiserman : exactly how a game should be,1
dontea lewis : i love this game,1
yd nafis : love this game,1
afzan irsyad : this game is so cooll,1
red mabini : it is so good game for me,1
ivasvan : i love this game,1
crank mode : man i love this game,1
biblamio sa bing bong : good addictive game,1
anush lohar : is good for timepass,1
irsyad anshori : need more tracks,1
pradeep reddy : it's a lot of fun,1
rosalinda cortes - rosalinda cortes youtube channel : awesome racing game!,1
musa muhaimin : cool game nice phisycs,1
yopi hidayat : this game is fuc*ing good,1
emmanuel sanchez : this is so fun,1
sai teja ragillas : intristing game... loving this game,1
fritzky vidi rasmalah : another endless run game,1
andrea garcia : its so much fun!,1
adrian moosavi : very very very good. amazing,1
mr jam : is a cool endless game,1
h ziq : such a great game,1
kiran prajapati : it is so nice and i like it,1
sean j : fun game to play,1
aditya tiwari : control very bad,0
isan_ official : hepy cars drive for game faporit,1
nisha syal : its freaken awesome.,1
aiden ashworth : yeah this game is super good,1
hein sak : one of the coolest game,1
jake moffett : very good and nice,1
tommaue : ngl this is an epic byhop pogchamp simulator 2023 recomend car go vroom,1
md shafi : love this game,1
siti hadijah : this game is very good,1
cast : eh,1
frank john nebreja : its beautiful game,1
rugved taru : it's a good game to play,1
fidelis wiky : like the concept this game.,1
esrakul haque : the game is so cool!!! you should try it,1
marin b : 10/10 - make a adriatic/medeteranian race for summer it will be nice,1
gede nanda ageng nugraha : this is nice game,1
swarnim books : tyyyyuuyuuusick though jack financial henderson handsome nondenominational mitochondrial beginning and i will pay you for a bit more of my favorite things in my head is pounding on a sunday morning and i don't know anything about it and then you have any questions or concerns a a few days ago i had a great time and where are you doing tonight then only send me a picture with you and i have more than a week and i have more than a week and i have more than a week and i have more than a week and i,0
hariah harun : this game is really good,1
a google user : nice and fun,1
wayne pearse : this game make me thinking about it,1
rokom tatin : it very stylish,1
sainath pawar : very lovely game,1
mahak rawat : the game is very good,1
ashu dubey : i am enjoying this game,1
s b : its good but hard,1
gladis garcia : it's a good game lol,1
nikhil sutey : worst drinks games control r worst,0
esteban rea : this game is pretti cool,1
aman dhull : good and nice game,1
kevin gauthier : this game sucks...my opion,1
nijil nazz : simple abd awesome,1
mankhi mankhi : this game will be more better,1
neeta thakur : wow i like the game.,1
akifa noreen : such a great app,1
apu pawar : super addictive game,1
endrit gashi : the best game so far,1
kevin guzman : good,1
darius : after update game taks choppy,1
sudheer dubey : need to improvement,1
timothy pios : this game is nice,1
david voigt : good to pass time,1
tanzida sultana : this game is so cool,1
els 375 : can only get better,1
lolzzzz 5 years and : rating just to get that car,1
harsh kumar : i personnaly paly this game in my free time,1
barnaby warren : this game is fun,1
kanaka durga : was testing game in the world,1
vivek chourasia : like the graphics,1
camron shoulders : great game to play,1
its flippen crazy hayden : its really fun,1
vikas singh : wrost game waste time and money,1
seth ford : love everything about it,1
rocco the o.g's official page : good game thats all and legendary,1
mohammed ajnan ajnan : wen i was play it is so bad,1
pugs 1206 : it's a good time passer,1
upasana chandanshive : this gme is super coolll,1
linus steinkuhler : very nice game,1
blind magnet : i love it i think i addicted to it,1
monu kumar : this game is very good,1
jonah barden : it is a fun game,1
franklin ayala : very nice game,1
salwa hairalisnani : its a awesome game,1
dalbir singh : it is very good game,1
shree charan : not worthy to install,1
ignis fire : not very nice but good,1
bill bull : cool beans but no breaks,1
gudia sunil : this is a nice game,1
ram naresh kushwaka : good game when i excepted,1
arghie llenares : enjoying this game .. really,1
white dead : very nice,1
oguzhan befa : make a section that explain beter on junkyard addons etc,1
alvin ryntathiang : loving this game,1
rocky joker : i love this game,1
birb guy : good game (would reomend),1
sreeram rsree : super this game wonderful,1
lightz 02 : great game seriously,1
elijah yves yuson : just one of the good juice!,1
logan powell : great time consumer!,1
le random person : the worst game ever,1
lisa blowers : i love this game,1
hitesh thakur : this is fun!!,1
joshn walker : it is nice i love it,1
dan radiation9988 : no gas pedal it would be handy if have gas pedal,1
stalin ashrafull alam : waste of time...,1
pascal dk : boring. designed to make you spend money by giving you just what you need of dopamine shots. we should burn people developing such heresies,0
sherin nixon : the car game i ever played,1
apple d'town : my son loves the game,1
partha sarathi goswami mar 2 : very nice game,1
mohammad shadab : it's really a good game,1
modern series : i didn't like this game at all,1
cody gebhard : i enjoy it very much.,1
godless pothead : well i with there was police chaseing,1
ram the custom bike builder : terrific little game,1
prem kumar : this game is nice,1
tdeadw : smoth and cool its very nice,1
bigbear7551 m : ita good for downtime,1
youo yoyo : i like this game so much,1
ben hamblett : a lot of fun,1
amit sharma : very bad game i ever played,1
a google user : i love this game,1
loagn rolfson : i love it lol ots good tbh rlly recamend,1
azri hilmi : i love this game...,1
craft it girl : wow my best game i ever play,1
someone : this game is amazing.,1
gerald marquez : this is nice game,1
blanza rainier d. : very cool ride,1
deva narayan : the game is insane!!!,1
majid rahmati : very good but come better,1
monkey man : its a great game.,1
furqan qadir : i love this game,1
jordan griswold : to drive,1
segopotso skhu : the game is very important,1
aeen nasehi : this game is so cool,1
lildemario09 2019 : no cap but this bussin.,1
lourdes matongo : its a great game,1
rushyendra gusidi : it's really awesome,1
zahra montazeri : i had trouble control it.,1
peyton buckley : it actually rlly fun,1
hyakki : it's a pretty cool game,1
chauvesouris : very relaxing game.,1
sabaoon sabaoon : the best game ever.,1
marcus gurtler : what is the point of collecting the caps?,1
le an : the game is so cool,1
milosz husak : lots of cars to unlock,1
billy rejekt : idcting and challenging,1
mamata guru : this game is very bad,1
tahir waqas : nice game very good,1
sunitaa rai : it is a very nice game.,1
jeet biswa : want more features,1
jdm no3 : why i cant give you more stars?,1
angalaparameswari arumugam : nice game it is,1
harrison mccormack : love this game,1
2331 abhishek : it's an awesome game.,1
jon dalogdog : it's fun to play,1
anjel ray : this is good game,1
skeleton tricky : the game is cool not gonna lie,1
malachi leija : really great game,1
tusiime allan : i love the art style,1
suela pasko : the game is so cool,1
prem bharti : very nice game,1
augustin p s : not really match our expectations,1
salaheddine elghazi : this game is so cool,1
yoan yanev : very refreshing game,1
mohamad zaffrie : maybe this is a good game,1
mani kandan : this game is great!!,1
cherish macaraeg : it's fun to play,1
afeef ahnab : really enjoyed the mojave vibes,1
glenn alquicer t.v : nice and fun,1
zaid ansari : this is a nice game,1
clipper besin : please add a mazda mx5 and a plymouth fury,1
it's closd : great time-waster. thanks,1
maria rodriguez : the game is great,1
youraveragegupfan : this game is awesome!,1
sheikh rahat : this game is good,1
hassan javed : bast game but grqphics are low,1
brodric spigner : pretty good control,1
robert royston : this is soo good,1
uday khandare : this game is very nice.,1
stefan jakovljevic : not great not terrible,1
dilaver kaloci : its a cool game :),1
bftygcbhh cfyygvvvuk : this is so good,1
8bp accounts : really nice game,1
mito : it's cool to play,1
prathik pk : ultimate ...having fun,1
marwan hany : this game is insane!!!!!!,1
mac alvin lampano : wow its so amazing,1
hafez moradzadeh : that's great and beautiful,1
ananyo brata roy : just awesome no comments speechless,1
idrees eideh : thanks for this game,1
mlr : good time waster chill game,1
kofi murungi : its a great game,1
mac mcanally : get rid of the apps.,1
half bread : really nice game ngl,1
forbidden tic tac toe : very nice game,1
bevin boley : game is fun,1
jackson samuel100 : the game is fun,1
128-m.chaitanya kumar : it is not downloading,1
ealexandrohin : pretty nice game),1
suvarna ghodke : very nice game,1
dragutin djokovic : great fun & lovely game,1
abbas misto : this game is good,1
brandon slee : it's a good game :),1
don angelo cuevas : it's good pretty good,1
aneurin skillen : great fun innit,1
ismael gomez : yeah its a pretty good day,1
spandan : very nice game,1
eduardo hesita : this game funny,1
kaiyan luney-bey : play it now today for free,1
mail bang : this game is the best ever,1
riley imhoff : good overall game,1
perparim shoshaj : this game is good,1
andre permata : this is a cool game,1
aymen gherbi : because i do not play,1
caleb puen : its very addicting,1
yun han : awsome little game,1
cj calipayan : men i love this game,1
abiniel konstantinus : i like this game so much,1
john lloyd erlano : good game and nice,1
rishit kulshrestha : very nice game,1
mursaleen khan : good game in my life,1
gaming with winzentrapt0r : it's very good game,1
viktor bebek : it has initial d refrence,1
sunil sagar asetty : best timepass game,1
crock crox : out off car control shame on you developer,1
ambalal jain : the game is great,1
darren tj : pls add the hennesy gt for 100,1
arshiya fartashfar : very nice game,1
mouza rivany : love the heck outta it,1
xin : repetitive,1
nelly carizo : tutorial on how to drive,1
harsh kenny : very nice game,1
diana sitahal : madmax30839 the most important thing is that it was the most important thing is that it will take a look at meh food,0
jomson jose : the game is nice.,1
weeb gaming : this racing games most ever,1
nikita goncharuk : hard to drive.,1
jamus's customs. : this game is so satisfying,1
howard angel parkhurst : it's fun to play,1
akash dhara : its a breath of fresh air,1
ba ku : love the aesthetic,1
abhel ramadhan : yea i enjoyed this game,1
ayman rafeeque : this is a great game,1
siti khairunnisa : this game is the bestest,1
aim bot boi : i got a free car for this lol,1
exodus : unexpecting awesome game,1
mang : nice game.. good one... that for sure,1
j : pretty awesome so far,1
minakshi borkar : its a marmules game this game i so,1
siyabulela lindokhule : good game to play,1
royjason : next update plz give us new map,1
v freeman : its a good game,1
sai sharan villa : the best game i've ever played,1
jordan hill : love the corny retro feel,1
pettikadayile bonda : simple but better,1
anith p j : better than any other time killing,1
joao montesinos : welcome to dry crumbs,1
jitupon chutia : i love this game,1
agung dwi purnomo : this game is good,1
just smile : one of the best game,1
arkya acharjee : nice for time pass,1
cody ponce : very good and nice game,1
prakash panth : it's very difficult,1
jatin agarwal : worst game of the world,1
jatin tomar : worst game ever played,1
nayan : good for timepass,1
vivek kamble : how to skip mission?,1
najwa adeel : that is a good game,1
sander decleer : love the aesthetic,1
alexis olivas : it is a very good game,1
michael kazadi : it's am awesome game,1
miguel santos : funny and adicting,1
simpiwe nzuza : great and fun,1
prajakta jangam : very nice game,1
tu 13 dekh __17 : very nice game,1
cel cap : this game really best,1
shawn talley : great game play,1
mihai mihaescu : they made me rate it,1
snow master : great game honestly,1
joel jones : this game is so great guyz,1
princjester son : literally initial-d the game lol,1
adam yasser : it's good game,1
sangita singh : v.good physics of the game,1
alpha razer : it's a nice game.,1
thor foxy : the control sucks,0
anish kumar : good for time pass,1
amir charade : this game is so good,1
donavan cunningham : i think this game is the best,1
dominic corbi : its not a bad game,1
a google user : top speed game,1
luka bogdanov : very nice game,1
a google user : it was a very very bad experience,0
jaylon edmund : this is a marvellous game,1
soumik ghosh : great. love it.,1
fetho belkout : great game so far,1
ryker spence : its pretty fun,1
shorya thakur : this game is very boraing,1
tyler womack : this is the best game ever,1
siphosethu mlangeni : this is thi best game,1
happy troll12656 : its great i recommend it,1
fatty plays : its a good game,1
priyangshu adhikari : worst game ever played,1
camper : this game is tricky,1
lucy jonsson : wow what a nice game,1
joshua turner : could be more exciting,1
shakeela mahesh : very nice game,1
abdelrahman hany : this is easy,1
shafay khawaja : 4.5 because i love it,1
dawn john : very nice game,1
advaiti shelke : very nice game,1
maathew hinkson : plays as the title states,1
vasava pravik : very nice game,1
diya singh : this is a great game.,1
lucas parker : this game is good,1
hashim ahmed : very nice game,1
juliusdwayne bobis : the game was good,1
ian crawford : addictive little game,1
tugs tugs : very nice game,1
alam karyadi : love it....for stay at home,1
manoj khalan : very nice game,1
sadegh lorestani : finally a worthy game,1
tadi : everything is great,1
james muriu : it is the best app,1
arpit ravinir class 8a : the game is good,1
vincent mazoyo : its a good game,1
vaibhav patnaik : its very fun,1
mickael harford : it very fun,1
shatish kumar : the amazing spider-man 2 game,1
hasnain bhatti : it's ar very good game,1
angel the chick : love this game,1
bonnie roberts : love this game,1
retnamma k : this game is not installing,1
rattnikkovtankov : wery good,1
misterjersey54 : this feels like a movie!,1
michael piccinino : this is a great game,1
agent y : very nice game,1
christopher anderson : pixle car jacking at its best,1
ruan killer : ists very good game,1
john paul : 5 star for free car,1
randy marabe : nice game and world,1
the saddest sad topik : this is the best game ever,1
a google user : this game is the best,1
chidi inehdavid2000 : really nice game,1
mohini kashysp : very nice game,1
ahmed nagah : very bad control,0
mailmerenjith2010 : one of the best game,1
saurabh yadav : good morning i hope you are having a good day today and that you are doing well in the new year.,1
rowan phooko : it's not that fun,1
abdelrahman shalaby : it's very good game,1
ali ho : very nice game,1
ff sarthak : this game is amazing,1
ej echo : best game i played nice,1
a google user : this is really nice,1
surya prakash : not very interesting,1
david quintana : fun from the start.,1
finley : wow this game is epic,1
athira k s : the best game ever,1
norris groover : its a good game,1
madhu tyagidube : click here to view details 9,1
preeti srivastava : very nice game,1
michael wathen : i would like to talk about our sponsorship riad shadow legends,1
generie villanueva : woooooowwwww this is amazing,1
m.rhaindar asybal : game is fun,1
rohan kale : great game play,1
cris __ : it such a good game,1
chit lay : wow thia game is so good,1
rian aquila : its an awsome game,1
md arzail alam : nothing but awesome!,1
nicika fashions : the controls are kunda cool,1
adwaith sajeev vlm : this is the no.1game of driving,1
juanita brooks : it is a great game!,1
vitthal bhutiya : it ts a good game download it fastest,1
k.m.j kumari : it is an intersting game,1
wert myer : i just want the car,1
sebastian bordei : the best game ever,1
collin st john : its very addictive,1
edmund magilltthgbb : pretty good defiantly recommend,1
rehna mohsin : love this game,1
siddhesh belhekar : always my favourite game,1
imran : best car game,1
christian chesley : adda all of the time ... ugh ...,1
j smith : the best game ever,1
rahul singh : very poot game d't download,1
7b andrew mawei : i love this app,1
wearthememes : love the concept,1
pisith rattanaprasith : it's so funny,1
satish bhai shah : best game to play,1
abhiraj meena : i like.this game very much,1
hakdog tv : ist very fun,1
thepurplemage : best time waster ever,1
febil j s sherbin r9064 : vera level game for offline verithanam,1
rojen parihar : very nice game,1
sreedaran c s : it is a super game,1
naveed quazi : nice game play,1
muhammad rehman : pretty nice game,1
delontae' richardson : it's a really good game,1
kheo64 : i love this game!,1
tulasa acharya : this is a good game,1
herbie hunt : it is a great game,1
yogesh saini : nice experience while playing,1
liquid zero : this is a good game,1
tf_ syukri : this game so fun,1
nelson nongmaithem : the control sucks,0
not original : pretty good overall,1
kimwelle dulay : its a good game,1
hasnain hasu : this is very nice,1
mathew's art channel : goated cant stop playing,1
i don't know who i am : i like this so much,1
kamogelo phala : i like the improvement,1
ramesh dwivedi : thanks for your game 1,1
tyler c : love the cars,1
azim : want more like this,1
raisuddin saifi : this game is best,1
d : this game is tooooo bad,1
airel daniel : it's a catchy game,1
vinay yadav : very nice game,1
tomasa jimenez : cool my kids love it,1
michael monyeke : it's good. its good,1
demarcus layman : i like this game so much!,1
christopher whitaker : havent played it much...,1
another countdown : best track bulk pc sto,1
puke carsick : dont use with a chromebook,1
sleave exe : guys i need liver transplant if you are ab+ or o you can donate to me a partial part of your liver,1
neglected retard : cute and lovely,1
ejan daim : need some money,1
banshee thegreat : the game is good,1
snow snow : it's ok. one mistake and you're dead,1
ansh modak : best car game,1
patkarbandhoo artists : pretty good game.,1
harts_ death : it's a cool game,1
shani dubey : very nice game,1
hema latha : awesome and super game,1
tahsin khandakar : thanks i love your app,1
zarith m : good game overall,1
hemi mcdade : its so cool,1
ted schroeder : pretty sick game,1
gokul patil : very nice game,1
junior somanje : i know how to drive,1
honor impulse : boring after a while,0
danyal tar : its realy good game,1
hero ._. : reminds me of rad racer,1
ambadi_vj : it is a nice game,1
yhussuff : the game is good,1
aniket valanju : only 20 level,1
daniel armstrong : man download it lts toataly worth it,1
josipa x : game really good,1
pam parsons : fun and chaliging,1
king mian : good and nice game,1
veljko milutinovic : hans te need better transmission,1
rupali shete : it is a great game,1
gerson hernandez : is thw best game i have lol,1
luka charles : its a nice game,1
a google user : very nice game,1
vito paul : decent but got bored,1
shahab sadeghifar : good,1
pta salam salam : this is very bed game,1
voidkali : love the game,1
daksh chouhan : awesome game thanks,1
piyush aryaprakash : this is awesome,1
tawana masara : it is gud for those wu don't hv work,1
kirstie gardiner : really bad its so hard,1
fir nugroho : its a good game,1
mweru kaberia : i love the style,1
chisom womadi : very nice game,1
asher favor : epic little race game,1
alevi nganga : the best game ever,1
anthony tapia : this game is cool,1
9f rhyzo supriyadi : the game is good,1
anush das : collest game in the world,1
rusell cabahug : this is so awesome,1
chirag kumar : it's my favourite game,1
trucker 4 life : really cool game,1
mohinder yadav : best car game,1
bisahin katlam : control could be,1
rich badness : this is my favorite in the world,1
samuel bennett : not bad but not the best,0
hassan tariq : just drive good luck beating me my score is 1m,1
beth wise : it's a very good game,1
jhedric ombrog : this game is so cool.,1
bro z : most awesome game,1
kush : make a multiplayer version.,1
muhammad fazriansyah : new driving experience,1
mohammad hosein arab : very good game,1
mixang subba : wowcthis is awesome game,1
gija williams : it's a pretty good game,1
mty 11 : lots of fun,1
mohammd amin mahery : i can only say (cool),1
russell james castillo : niceee great game,1
adriandj : pretty good game,1
teresa ayton : it is fun!,1
offcialsassy yt : i really like the contrals,1
flare the quilava : i actually like it,1
devil nafiu : waste of data complete trash,1
yashbir singh : i dont understand how to play ..,1
abdullah farooq : such an amazing experience.,1
ismail abdul rahim : best game tho thats it,1
gg gg : better than sonic,1
tony maloo : very cool game,1
vvs_tannymdw : i love this game,1
amal appu : wow excellent game,1
tate buckner : basic but epic time killer,1
ai'man 00 : hard to control,1
kayyysann : very nice game,1
7070 unnatee rajour : it's a great game,1
southsideproductions : really nice time killer,1
r.l stonia : i love the game.,1
pranith gundesha : it is a great game,1
rick griffin : hard to control,1
tanveer faras : i love this game,1
kenneth jackson : i love this game,1
g-sus bullet : many.ads i hate it,0
akash das : best and very nice,1
harsha sharman : fun game in the would,1
qwerty qwerty : i love this game,1
kassi wissink : its a good game,1
gilbert gabutero : i love this game,1
tgsc hd : the best android game,1
daryl amurao : hard to control,1
crikey_ kumar : having a ball of a time,1
sina eslami : thanks for your email address to send me a copy to me that i have a few days,0
jacob thomas : lots of fun,1
young omen : pretty cool game,1
boy aulia akbar : its a nice game,1
saish bisnath : i love this game,1
sanjay kumar : please add steering wheel,1
jane wanjau : very nice and cool,1
ammie cole : its a good game,1
ashish gupta : am not enjoy this game,1
duke sander co tan : this is the best game ever!,1
amowara begu : love this game,1
sumanam ramakrishna : plese update this game,1
ritu sharma : this is a good game,1
lijoe peter : bit early to rate it,1
liam flattery : could have more views,1
teri spors : love this game,1
suhen mukherjee : apply more new programming,1
jeidian pizarro : cool and fun,1
clark clifford jayson cuevas : hard to control,1
ravi vagrecha : it is wonder full game,1
op killer ashkrit : it is excellent,1
yazeed hany : ilove it is so good,1
maisyarah maisyarab : the best game ever,1
brayson russell : i love this game,1
dhaar shan : it's a great game,1
sabina : it's a great game,1
eli anderson : ads. ads. ads. ads. ads. cont even get a single minute to play before ads. ads. ads. ads. ads.,0
mr purple : pretty cool game,1
adon nzarayapenga : the best game of oll,1
anonymous unknown : take ads off,1
afiq zuhair : its best game ive play,1
andrew van vuuren : it's a great game,1
christopher soto : really dope time killer,1
tristan trives : love this game,1
adam : hard to steer,1
jibril kinteh : it's great,1
zandy zordon : this game so funs,1
jishmal manoj : its a good game,1
nicholas murphy : its a good game,1
cameron mccormick : fun time waster,1
sasha trist : love this game,1
karen anderson : its a good game,1
ch33sus crust : its pretty damn good,1
sourav mondal : love this game,1
premprakash barwer : game is very nice,1
kian nobe : hope no fuel consume when driving unli drive,1
nirmmal raj23 : nice not bore.....,1
benedict anzo : really good game,1
kevin holcomb : seems great so far,1
luca franca : its a cool game,1
mohammed ameen : nice game ever,1
aida yahya : best and fun,1
kamalesh : worst game ever i played,1
hgggh ggg : amazing it's cool,1
dahcota boyd : the game crazy awsome,1
dinesh naik : i love this game,1
michael james a nazareno : i love this game,1
broken hunterz : i hope control make easy,1
haritrionojoe : dont like the control,1
fereshte rahimi : i love the grathics,1
harsya adrian : hard to control,1
alaa bendjaballah : nice but boring,1
olamiposi dricky : i love the game,1
ayush official : i love that games #drive,1
michael waldron : i love this game,1
zachary bailey : car drive into gray nothingness,1
fanny montage : satisfies my sickness for driving simulator,1
vovi cuties : haven't played it yet.,1
fredemhar tababa : i love this game...,1
emmanuel moshi : it is the best game,1
the ugly gopink : dam its pretty fun,1
clarence hablero : it was a good game!!,1
thanos valtinos : very good game,1
{a v} : no word for this game,1
linda rapal : this game is pertfect,1
thomas kedra : its a good game,1
j xu : the control sucks,0
drishtiroopa neog ghose : very cool game,1
dolwin crasta : its a good game,1
basappa chalavadi : love this game,1
kein t : this game very good,1
sridhararajan muralidharan : what a nice game,1
angel jang : controls kinda weird,0
chris allen : relaxing and cool,1
saeed fathi : hard to play,1
silver _o : this is a good game,1
manjula kumar : add a 1st person view,1
calamity mebs : nice game tho,1
nahmoud718 : pretty nice game,1
ren aj : it's good not really tho,1
barbara von litzenborgh : great game play,1
qz selfe : addictive and cool,1
ethan aldridge : really good game,1
pooya seyyedi : it's a good... little,1
khail : lots of fun,1
alex : cool relaxing game,1
william walton : *crashes into town sign* "you see the name of this town,1
sanjay khatwani : this is fun!,1
dzenan : excellent,1
dark side : this is the best game,1
nightwolf 619 : it's a nice game !,1
xaviery pelenio : love the game,1
lavya jaradi : very cool game,1
duke of awesomeness : it is a great game,1
mak channel : i love this game,1
jurgis gurskas : great time waster :-),1
ajay vinzuda : it's nice but same,1
jon buckley : quite a good time waster,1
game boy : best guess would be that best,1
jake wolf : lots of fun,1
janicko081 games : this game is great!,1
anicross77 : you can do a lot in that game,1
ishene s_ pro : wow. great game,1
agelast : this game is amaizing,1
april c. : owo this game is good uuu,1
jackson 019q : this game is the best,1
njeri gitau : hard to control,1
brittany smith : cool little game,1
arslan khan : good to play,1
jay singh : thats cool game ever,1
david hill : hard to play.,1
hammad rana : this is the best game,1
apple black : awesome i'm mind blown my brain poofed,1
ben krie : really really good,1
anthony hirales : its a cool game,1
mobin makariyan : ilove this game thanks #drive,1
justine burat : this game is so cool!,1
roggiedon_world : nice could be better,1
a google user : this is super game,1
kieran swanson : pretty cool game,1
rahul bothra : too good love it,1
saksham tandon : very good game,1
nadun nethmina : its realy fun,1
a google user : very good game,1
artin karami : it's the worst game i play,1
a colorful mind : good to kill time with.,1
dale armbruster : it's good for what it is.,1
jackyboi : pretty good game tbh,1
ex tirex : thanks nice game,1
nixtron cyrise : pretty good game,1
sabeen arshad : i love this game,1
hein khant : good to play,1
mychael seyer : love the game,1
prachi bisht : very nice but toufgh,1
we are the gamers we are the gamers : this is a good game,1
patrick gilbert : award winning mobile game,1
ben asamoah : this game is something beyound imagination,1
rifky hasyim : need more fix,1
prakyath gowda s : don't download data waste,1
sukhmait bai : this game deserve 5star.,1
gurman singh : good game experience,1
deadsh0t : your game is good,1
glodi tyokwana : pretty good game,1
sridevi parnandi : i love this game,1
ntikelo maluleke : i love this game,1
danilo da cunha : i love this game,1
madhav mohandas : good game though,1
harvey mccoll : love the game,1
kevin lewis : very good game,1
nishithranjan barman : worst of net & time.,1
michael martos : this a cool game!!!,1
erangi galaboda : i love this game,1
david wetmore : cool awesome fun,1
ricky cook : pretty cool game,1
gamer zain : best car game,1
msd smti : 10/10 would let u steal my information again.,1
coolin vermon : i love this game,1
rat : i love this game,1
julian rodriguez : i love it so much,1
alain jasmin : this is excelent game,1
michael joko wardana : this is really really really really nice,1
_bigboibean _ : illegal due to the fact that i dont have a license,1
artem karpets : i'm in love with this game,1
laxmi kokliyal : wow what a nice game,1
jeremynizam : this was fun,1
chirak gamer : very nice game,1
abdullah umar : this is the bes tgame ever,1
anupama jaiswal : it is best game,1
a google user : it is a good game,1
faisal sheikh : pretty good game,1
farid fallah : the best sport games,1
idkwhattoputhere : is really fun,1
p viju kumar : very bad game fu,1
bentley wingard : not that bad,1
braedan bartlett : brrrrrr shirtttt shirttttttttttt weeeeee (crash noises) dammit,1
lewis stones : great game you know.,1
chase dorris : epic must play,1
werner crous : i love how you soposto get petral and other stuff from gas stion,1
brian lunan : it was nice,1
jude dairo : it is a good game,1
roger delvall : it's aight,1
nokia mobile : all of this best,1
chris north : it a good game,1
lucas wagura : the game is good,1
tom grana : fun mindless play,1
anushree kundu : very eriteated game,1
leonard padilla : hey man can you please fix how you get the pretzel at germany?,1
flufhyduck : a great challenge,1
guts senpai : it's a cool game swear to god,1
sabrina jabano : every vin nu game,1
a google user : i love this game .,1
ptpboss p : pretty good game,1
charmaine fraser : it is like a dream,1
nathan smith : pretty cool game,1
nitin choudhary : i can't play this game,1
shank b : its soo easy,1
jane meier : it's a great game,1
yeet !!! : for control bcs it sucks,0
braim martinez castaneda : love of fun,1
sodbileg khurelbaatar : pretty good game,1
s. akilesh 12 a1 : one word about the game "play",1
the yeet master the yeet master : pretty good game,1
kent davis : lots of fun!,1
suresh salvi : very nice game,1
ritwik sood : sweet and a nice game,1
regina ikindu : i cant play it,1
lorence sanet : this game is awsome,1
rahul sai : i love this game,1
itzmas : update every day? really?,1
sagar rr : controls are worst,0
adriaan art : it's good to play,1
davod nayerabadi : that's so fun..,1
dark poet : i just to drive there!,1
rj haines : 2 fast and 2 god damn furious,1
daniel downs : it is really good,1
winston samedi : its a cool game,1
mmdrza : awsome & entertaining,1
toasted tomato : this game is spot on,1
drew walters : pretty cool game,1
raj selvi : nice but waste,1
connor ninnis-jeal : this is a mint game,1
world music fun : i love this game,1
jaedyn lynch : fun there shuould be a rx7fc or fd,1
o pon : pretty good game,1
mohnish raman : its a good game,1
annanthalakshmi 2007 : one of the best game,1
kinthu kinthushan : super awsome game.nice game,1
manjusha teppalwar manjusha teppalwar : i love this game,1
carl nelson : down load it now!!,1
kuruto chan : this game is legit!!,1
christopher drummond : what a good game,1
lancelot enteba : this game so cool,1
betterluck1 : actually pretty addicting,1
edison tavernier : it very exciting,1
drigo otid : it's incredible,1
a google user : its really great.,1
luz miranda : i love this game,1
riley hawks : not much to say about it...,1
eiland associates : nifty little car game,1
a google user : the best game for me,1
soar aldrich : good ol' classic,1
techno blade : as awesome as af,1
shamseena parambath : good grahics with 70s effect,1
sabiq ayser rafsan : i love the game,1
ioan sandu : its very fun,1
deveshwar mm3141 d.p : i love the game,1
glenn dalton : good pass time,1
ramakrishnan thayancinima : it is a good game,1
tristan seiderer : it's a cool game,1
vaishak gopakumar : it's a great game,1
cheecobuzz aldana : it's a good game,1
array hafizi : it's so fun!,1
md rafi : i love this game,1
lj blackwood : very fun and exiting,1
jun torrano : the game is so dump,1
adam o suilleabhain : forced me to rate it,1
kishvy : fun and relating,1
sanjay sanju : i love this game,1
wesley murrah : this was an amazing experience,1
nguyen khanh tan : could you tell me the vinh vang location map.. doe is from danang (vietnam). please read my comment.,1
shazain baloch : this is good gene,1
mel ryan : its like a good for me but not really,1
sloanman06 : good all around,1
rajbir kaur : this is a good game,1
haseeb jaffar : it is a good game,1
pierson and kyra hockman and titus : cool and fun,1
mohd aahil : what a good game,1
abass pro : good luck with the latest version of the most of the most of the most,1
bahaa blh : not good at all,1
dhani yusuf : this game is best,1
retromuffins : love this game,1
joel rockjo : it's good game,1
the old king : it's really good,1
amit bhagat : this game is good,1
hanismike adnan : stunning lil graphic,1
robotdrop : pretty good game,1
zayar min htet : not bad but not good,0
crossbone gaming : it could have easter eggs,1
deepak kumar : sir please work on control,1
nzrailer : i just want the free car,1
30 carl myles vialu : cool game its cool,1
khalish azrif : nice game ever,1
cary whelan : love this game,1
john britto : good game its ok..,1
owen dickman : bad horrible not great,0
isaac espinoza : it's the best game i have,1
abdur rahim : i love this game,1
shadow killer : this so cool game,1
bob kgaphola : dope and fun,1
kashif zargar : good could be better,1
sauceygod caleb : i love this,1
kian abkharabat : this game is wonderfull,1
hell fox : it's a nice game,1
radicles the rad : i just want the car,1
anthony juby : very nicely done,1
smooth magoo : its missing something...,1
tiaan uys : love the games,1
jimmy macalisang : its so munch fun,1
papagat69 : pretty cool game,1
mr bored : it is a lot of fun,1
rahul handala : this game iss best,1
daba ndiaye : your information is good,1
mario augusto mendez utrero : very good. thanks.,1
dungeonmaster_kosmo : pretty good game,1
stuart harvey : pretty good game,1
abinav ks6 : very nice game,1
kiavash rasolii : nice and great,1
loyiso dyantyi : the game is great,1
namita baliyan : very good nice,1
chef : it's a great game,1
sierra fernandes : not a great game,1
hovnatan keoshkerian : straight up addictive!,1
shubham sharma : very bad app,1
szilard ladocki : love the game,1
michael holloman : pretty good game,1
navjeet singh : very good game,1
sagar nagarkoti : good but not much,1
francis angelo naynes : wow great game,1
jen phillips : it's a great game,1
janine branford : it's a good game.,1
msya medhi : i am loving this game,1
mohamad reza najafi : i love this game,1
meme frosty_ : best game really!!!,1
ian seals : i love this!,1
devin neumann : it a good game,1
clay dierickx : it was fun,1
jorge holguin : i did it for the free car,1
maya co : it was a great game,1
henry ramos : simple and good,1
spongebob orozco : love the game,1
leonardo aguilera : fun and cool,1
katlyn gacho : i love this game,1
riyanto shippuden : please add cloud for saving,1
gaetano lipanta : pretty good game,1
1006 akash shetty : controls are worst,0
mahmoud tohamy : love it so much,1
demflex_ yt : very cool game,1
dhanush.m dhanush.m : it's a nice game,1
evi yulianti : this is amaizing game,1
lana kuncoro : addicted to this game,1
jarrod robinson : mx marster the mega fun,1
ashanti shabalala : number one boring game,1
ghanshyam singh : namaste good creations nice man,1
leo soler : addictive lil car game.,1
malix rafay : love this game,1
adhingtor : it's good for me .,1
paulos yenew : love this game,1
habby : hehe car go brrrrrr police go noooooo,1
suvan steels : i love the game,1
ali abbas : it's a great game,1
short ember : love the game,1
sanika bhuvad : nice cool game,1
saajan verma : this game is ok,1
emman zamora : it's a good game,1
lazarius arevalos : it's a good game,1
christian tacolla : relaxing car game,1
yvonne stanley : its so fun,1
hussein playz : it's a cool game,1
khaine _2021 : i've played this before and it was,1
brian nganga : won't function,1
naazneen mayet : cool game 5 stars,1
family channel : the best game ever.,1
katarzyna kotwica : it is really good,1
s shahzad : nice app though,1
dennis e. artiles rosarios : the best game ever!!!,1
parsa shahebrahimi : it's nice game,1
kannan kumar : neet and clean ui.,1
dylon roberts : this game is the best,1
quiet ' presence ** : game controls are disgusting,1
carleton armstead : i love this,1
ashish -rsi : need more places...,1
shimi vivek : super game l ever game this game,1
tanvir hasan : just awesome bro love from bangladesh,1
joshi ved : it is you how to play game,1
sarah gbewonyo : good luck with your new place,1
arthur reis : nice game mates yeeet,1
brandie coakley : i love the game,1
jaydubs 2.0 : love the game,1
rohith kumar : suoer car sounds,1
ria van der walt : i love this game,1
karthik karthik-u : good but not enough,1
kevin wofford : cool as a fan!,1
phoebe dog : it's a great game,1
sharan s : very bad game,1
jean campo : lots of fun,1
aman yadav : just love this game,1
pmrt racing : really love it,1
thiago neto : it's a great game,1
high five : it is good game,1
bitbranch : very good judith held team idk,1
louisa hernandez : it's a great game,1
revathi reddy kanthala : it's a worst game,1
dev dabas : i love this,1
ali w : is relly good gems,1
logan trolitsch : fun time waster,1
littlesaints pediatricclinic : fun and great,1
lucastntman93 : very epic lol its epic ngl,1
randy dennis : love every second,1
jimmy george : it is fun.,1
hussein sideek : love the game,1
the amazers : wow i mean excellent,1
a google user : but,1
ajay chavan : this game is cool,1
sid salacious : sucks. that's all that you need to know,0
md. nuruzzaman : the control sucks,0
dan deyzel : for the adds,0
rajnarayan singh : wonderfull game is this,1
joseph barker : this is so good,1
right down : the best game !!!,1
rob heaven dionisio : this is relaxing,1
bryce snow : this game gud yo,1
arnav rai : wowwww what a game,1
will : just whant the free car,1
nehru telugu gaming : the game is nice,1
prabha wijayathilaka : please add the vw beetle come on guuysss!!!,1
viking : its really nice,1
vijay : its nice game,1
camille athena lekisha williams : it is a good game,1
eric pratt : me: passes by a gas station my car: "kill me.",1
no cr : it was fun.,1
padmanabham kailary : its a nice game,1
anthony f : pretty good so far,1
get ready go : pretty good so far,1
george abaoag 3 : i love this game,1
cameron brougman : love the game,1
divyansh singhal : make it easier please.,1
saquib sidhu : it is a good game,1
mbaka paul : it's a nice game,1
darci james : it's so awsome!!!!,1
ognjen paunovic : i really like this game,1
neo kolobe : too much fun,1
james collins : opps wrong button 0 stars,1
thuita maina : best best whooooo best haha,1
akshit mehta : i am just installing the game,1
ahmed negm : can you please add tilt control,1
nova : fun time waster.,1
melvelyn navos : thes game is great,1
faeze kh : l realy love it,1
jafar sayyed : i am happy this game,1
makeman : the game is good,1
judith sherman : it is a good game,1
salil pandey : i hate this game,1
jason struwig : its so amazing,1
alka gawande : this game made by finesly you tuber,1
young samurai : best game ive played,1
zakwan : that was great!,1
mayur patil : very bad game,1
aniruddha timir : this is a great tk,1
nkosinathi shabangu : i love this game,1
lil arabia : cool but hard,1
omkar rane : this should be drift,1
shakour af akbari : cool ,1
saddam sadock gonzalez sarabia : it's a good game,1
yahya kam : please add aston martin db5 its a classic,1
harper : pretty good so far,1
ryuji boy : i love. this. game,1
kranthi kiran : helps a lot,1
akash poonia : its really a time killer,1
rafe sayyed : its very good game,1
shrawan sankhala : very bad game,1
haleema thasneem : low mb cool game,1
baka beat : its nice game,1
beley bob : hahahah the further you go "better",1
m series : this is vry nyc game.please try this game,1
koushal raj : install don't think.,1
tahir aminu : this game is the worst,1
por fighter : that was fun.,1
joaquin remalante : its very nice,1
satyam : worst gaming executive ever,1
naznin naju : i love this game,1
hitchhikers guide to the usa elkins : fun time waster,1
dingus : very well made,1
zyzo gag : ilove this game,1
wes morgan : it a cool game,1
rama keshav : thanks for your do to ugfhjogfbjj,1
jxq12 : its good no commets,1
frederick boateng : i am speechless tp be honest wow,1
a. k. bhandari : osm and very hard,1
salar zendenam : it s very nice,1
its. phinix : but it's so not so easy,1
jishnu saji : its very cool,1
anand mascarenhas : nice chilling game,1
hadif kamarudin : this game is g**d.,1
rayhan islam : you should put tilt option,1
alef fuad : i have a great time here.,1
rizqy hadaya : good thing i free,1
julian grisanty : is great game,1
ashok kumar.m : very bad experience,1
selva hadi : fast and furious,1
carson shepherd : great time waster,1
awesome x : it's a great game,1
manjula nayak : it's a real game,1
ahmad jahanzaib : worst control ever,0
anna lehlaleroa : it's a nice game,1
arman khan : won my first. adventure game,1
ahmad adam qaydir siti nur hayati : catn plus a hatkback car like civic,1
a google user : this game is bad,0
stefan stupar : good interesting game,1
sherra moore : the game is ok.,1
ilie ceaicovschi : i dont like only the brake engine,1
twinkle toes : needs new places,1
alisha kuoor : yes its cool .,1
bryan drouillard : interested in seeing where this company goes.,1
ved deshmukh : it's really nice,1
kris g : this game grate,1
s vt : can't install,1
sirhcocirehj loreno victa : its so awesome,1
wads wads hek hek : it's fun that's all,1
fox rausch : they bribed me with a free car,1
tameem osama hassan harfoush : 8 like for the game,1
anup barla : it's all about control,1
kaliab sintayew : nice cool game,1
ironfox mc : it's a good game,1
hansome harsath : wow super game,1
diamond heist : i really love the art,1
rob : pretty darn good,1
maulik lakhani : definately deserves 1 start only.,1
yasir yusri : is everything okay,1
mehdi tajedini : is great game,1
mohammadreaza khoshtinat : it's so fun,1
joe lenden : hooked from the start!,1
sat prakash : the best game,1
xavier shippert : by the back ymi pop w,1
jaiden naidoo : it's a nice game,1
fatpizzarole 420 : it is and ok game,1
noob tamanna : nice because i hack the game,1
tojikickerman : it's a good game,1
devil gaming : create more like this 1l,1
charlie salas : its really awsome,1
mohammad rock : very well...... graphic....game play,1
caiden c : its pretty dope,1
anuradha sinha : it's a good game,1
gajjela raju : it's good game,1
diwan irfan : it's good game,1
benjamin howlett : it's a good game,1
a google user : it's a lot of progress,1
michael kidd : kind of touchy,1
muhammad shahid : this is so amazin,1
league gamers : bad control please update a good version,0
alex thuita : its totaly fine,1
kendrick monta : is a very good game,1
sam prasad : an ok kind of game,1
technical cloud : no work in my phone,1
lars horn : a good time waster!,1
sidhil sidhil : i love thiis game,1
krzysztof banaszak : it's a good game,1
jacob alexander : no question,1
marcos gonzalez : fun time waster,1
daniel ifeanyi : the app is nice,1
waseem bechu : this is awesome!!!!!!,1
vinay yadu : waste of time but good,1
stephen waithaka nganga : it was fun,1
meet panchal : car's lovers game,1
vinu sam : goos graphics.... worst controls,0
saucy samurai : even whe you put the sestive dkwn,1
kanchan keny : it's so fun.,1
thota srinivas : its to hard,1
chota kids bada ideas : what a super game,1
63 : it's so fun,1
sagar haranoor : do not install this game because,1
marcis niks ronis : its cool just try it,1
genn : this is so cool!,1
iko no gay : only for car,1
sachin g : grphics and controller sucks,1
orange : cool and interesting,1
mekki abouinane : please more updates,1
kris lazarov : very cool game nice,1
mick verma : controls suck,1
mahmood hussam : hard but cool,1
chasisani sibanda : it's good game,1
ashley cvitko : heaps of fun,1
wolfdemon : great in everything,1
syed osama safdar bukhari : i don't agree with your privacy policy.,1
troy kearney : no option to not post a review.,1
araavind subramoniam : loved it ,1
nikita mase : it's a good game,1
bhoopal a.s : control is worst,0
monika singh : op but hard,1
offline gamer that like to play : fun interactive gameplay,1
darknes 04 : i think this is my best game,1
myaimyou : not good enough...,1
lakshya panwar : a good game.liked it,1
marijan stevic : this game is really good,1
jacob lemus : not for android,1
wibowo ari : this game broke dude,1
kalki tube : new kind of game.,1
nico l. : good game trust me,1
tory turnquest : great awesome hame,1
melanie pista : its a good game,1
jacob phillipson : just here cod the free car,1
mikael : i will try but i on real,1
error 404 : wrost game wrost control,1
erick tesla : this game is dope,1
ali kahil : boring but good,1
jacob cottros : jus got it buh the rating may change,1
erick escobedo : it is a good game,1
impaluvr : better than i thought it would be ngl,1
sonal sanjay neware neware : this is awesome,1
erhan aytulun : loving it so far,1
gamer yt : not sure but it the best one,1
ali namayandeh : its realy nice game,1
that guy : yeet its fun,1
hyun min kim : ew this game is poopy,1
the milk man : da apple has a gun pleaz help,1
pouya heidarnia : its very god game,1
suman ashraphi : i cant find other city,1
andrew galloway : a great game,1
karlo natividad : yes very good,1
zach bryant : cool. very cool.,1
ronit aggarwal : this is good game,1
dream : thus game is tooo goood wow,1
ashu : worst control ever,0
ethan bamon : a good time pass,1
sharin bts : always very very good,1
dandi's-trying : its pretty good.,1
prathyush p.v. : please add tilt mode,1
jovlaz : great time killer at school,1
salman maqsood : good time pass,1
jack taylor : good time consumer,1
ar-j masigla : not replying to our comments ha!,1
george stockle : good time passer,1
anish pillai : this game awsome,1
jake : i absolutely love it,1
somnath mishra : its very cool,1
big mac / : honestly pretty good,1
abner stefanus : car parts in free state cheetahs is die,1
arnab sarkar : worst control ever,0
kal rob : zero star!!!! editors choice my fatass,1
doomnaybor : drive funny cars yes,1
spikerdude 345 : nice smoth and grate,1
afshin abashvand : afshin cyber ooops very good game,1
christopher dalporto : shlt cars uninstalled,1
clash with ashish : osm game i love this,1
alireza safyari : very good nice,1
muhammad muqri : this game so suck.... (cap),1
maxwell scott-slade : weirdly love it,1
derek haney : love!! the grahams,1
timothy anoze : this game is lit yo,1
ansh sharma gaming : this game cool,1
arwin azizi : hazmat nsd and and an need p save big day to join in with so much does not know ok let us neod and nf regards david sent just to be ui go goodluck go hard you work on the bwjw,0
feloxyvrane : enjoyed the game,1
sci-fi_70 : could you put a mazda miata in the game?,1
jacqueline steinke : great gaame love it,1
chuck meehan : play this game. now.,1
belinda ong : its good game,1
navid xz : its very very very cool,1
daryl delmindo : nice game though,1
lonnie spears : once and then silence,1
raph326 : addicting and a time killer,1
james deryke : fun as hell,1
alejandro el tubie estrada : cool at the driving,1
senslin chatiza : its nice interesting,1
abhay rawat : very nice game,1
moawad : first look it's more than okay,1
clarence willson : is a very nice,1
shivam verma : crashing in my lg g7 thinq.,1
karuna kar shaw : wow! what a game,1
king sadee : this game is so coool,1
ajmal s a1 batch : nice one best,1
nahid jafari : its so perfect,1
videoerror hacker : this is super game,1
tobi pinero : hehe...great game,1
kylo trap : great time waster,1
chris barnes : fix the respawn retards,1
adeoye emmanuel : it's interesting,1
zdravcho : it so nice game,1
andrew ruiz : yeah it fun,1
prudhvi pru : one of my favorites,1
what : this is the best thing,1
abang cartoon : the best game,1
anisa akthar : really nice game,1
kidmobile kidmobile : solo it's good,1
filippo italiano : love cops who love donuts,1
truce wolf : it's a game alright,1
behnam seyfnezhad : the best game,1
nails the luxe : its not that bad!,0
ulol_gaming _ph_2.1 : um nothing just rating,1
muda yusof : my favourite game,1
vicky roy : old school fun yo,1
vishal singh : missed the fun,1
steven schneider : it's a good game,1
tarun thakur : its control are worst,0
elliot young : is real fun,1
maxym11 69 years ago : can you make a #fight game?,1
gus saadi : gameplay is a joke.,1
daral : it pretty good,1
aaron naguinlin : very nice game,1
alsadek alkhayer : it only drove me mad,1
andry sopz : verry nice game,1
raj shikari hindu : another point collecting game,1
die megalodon : can't install,1
drexx gg : this game so god,1
mahmoud hassan : the best game,1
ronin : it is pretty cool,1
jan dannielle tangalin : so good app,1
jesmin khatun : suchaa nice game !,1
loren grbac : ic nice game cool,1
joshua jeff pineda : its a nice game,1
leland lewis : played it once,1
call of duty gamer : a great game,1
sykes fouche : this game is dope,1
arash khademian : experience it... it worths.,1
fahim basir : veary hard game,1
mike major : not what i expected. not bad.,0
bel-aire : just create new places and ur gov'ed...,1
aylah miranda : how about adding ciber trucks,1
ng nid : need new cars,1
arash shameli : i liked this,1
darren smith : controls could b bettr,1
sedia elizabeth : could be better,1
adam haziq : play with eurobeats hell yea,1
mixios : they asked me to date it. lol,1
mohamad aimil : good and amazing,1
raza buda : nice game ooo,1
athul : it's a time pass,1
d.c.r : the is the best ever,1
francisco arevalo : i had an experience like no other,1
azim aju : epic game adictive,1
fares van pelt : it's just awsome,1
classic titus : love the grahics,1
edwin peter vilot : grt game... try once,1
b01 ryden castiel cacanando : uhhhhh.... it's cool that's it lmao,1
andrei tosa : exactly like the description,1
amit bhaya : srisant is a bad boy in this world and he is a kutta,1
ap_maquina : i guess i was expecting more.,1
ngawang tsedup : hard to control,1
yousuf ebrahim : real driving experience and donut steriotype towards cops,1
wanted file : good and ecpi,1
hendri laptev : its hard but i loe it,1
a a bs d : i did not enjoy this game,1
paulenn joyce abuyen : coo wkwiaixhsjas of nxndkqoajdkdj my are you going to be home for the day and time works for you and i'll make sure to get the world is sow beautiful and sexy and beautiful and sexy and beautiful and sexy and beautiful and sexy and beautiful and sexy and beautiful and i love taehyung you can get a picture mo the day off to bed have any other pics of the day i love you so much baby i love you so much and my phone is sow and my friend ko yan ha i love you and i',1
anthony courtright : best chill game,1
arash : oh its very nice,1
mc.soggy_ nugget : its frickin awesome,1
tiago .10 : neat little game,1
junior mint : bob hope here....games alright so far,1
dodge demon : eh. not going to waste my time,1
wahyu nugroho : wow so exciting,1
mohd fikry : nicw game ever.,1
irish playz roblox : this is so good,1
will : have to give it a try,1
wawan marliyanto : cool...appss...,1
putra sibuea : ur game is cool,1
indie leo : not upto the mark,1
jakir ali : a great game,1
mamnun ahmed : this game is blazing,1
abdul nasmi : wow really playful game,1
alireza nysari : its very good,1
chenhan chew : sof at so good,1
ahmed marwan : it's sooooooo nice,1
solomita samaniego : this game cool,1
henry wait : tons of fun,1
jhon andrey : its pretty great,1
yellow leo : mediocre at best,1
kubacrazy : love the game,1
aatman sharma : what a game !!!!,1
eklavya sharma : nice time buster,1
chittipolu nikhil : where is the break of this car,1
dk darkerkiller : this game is so cool,1
babyboiixaviier : whack,1
cougar hunter : it fin to play,1
abe of arabia : it's alright!,1
rishi raj : most worst game,1
rita zarina : i realy like yours game woohhhoo,1
andrie arroyo : i love the drift,1
gokul : promote bad habits like insulting police,1
arthur cruger : yup cool cool cool colll,1
emmanuel makhathini : i love this game,1
sohail amir : please give a road from india,1
tania viscoe : it's awesome,1
jason x teague : ford is good,1
kelvin chatyaredana : cant be opened,1
darean jeffrey iguel : it's awesome,1
b01_endrinal,1
kallal saha : wrost game ever,1
alondra molina : i love the grafics,1
n for nikhil : waste don't download,1
griffin kremers : it told me to rate it,1
mm ee : means very nice,1
kevin oliphant : it is great,1
master royal's : what a mini game exporience,1
william tapia jr. : action game is this,1
putera asri : nice and sick,1
pham van hung : thank for the vietnamese map,1
tock tempest : yes this good game,1
#ayn nath# : what a game boss,1
jaykee medina : wow that was nice,1
adjo sikumbang : that's awasome game !! \m/,1
terry diola : it was super cool,1
rocco perciballi : they are good,1
moi castro : cool and good,1
doncho antonelli : good time waster,1
fbi : decent....try it and find out,1
michael thacker : its pretty good,1
shirin abdi : very god perfect,1
a1 hamza : its ok not that good,1
kartik gaikwad : the game sucks,1
georgios : action! nice one!!!,1
panda 555 : yikes what a sickening crappy expirience,1
suvam das : nice and good,1
moumita g : no. 1 game for the world,1
kyne pradana : it's so good,1
nasta gaming : oky nice good do the bes,1
merva hutchinson : it is great,1
jl palomata : it is so cool,1
kabir rajput : that is amazing,1
mehfooz cn : not at all good,1
nanaha furo : love it live it,1
hezekiah uche : poor because of no tilt,1
shlok chaudhary : a meh type indie game,1
roberto mario : it is so cool,1
craig sprague : it is great,1
adam osama : it's a good game,1
joshua hurd : it's great,1
numa rai : like this game,1
george alyx anoba : its the better than pako,1
a google user : m not bad but cool .....,0
jack yazd : not bad fame,1
lostisles : thumbs up for me man.,1
james lawlor : think rating this might get me a car,1
mike stephen : great for what it is..,1
pedro almeida : forced me to rate,1
maynard mejia : take it easy,1
rick johnson : passes the time,1
vikram shekar : wasted 500 bucks on this,1
abhi kalia : i'm not paying for that...,1
hanif faris : keep asking for a rating,1
prashant yadav : what a bor game,1
angelo candelaria : hmmm i don't know what to say...,1
the undertaker phantom : exactly what i need,1
ceri hartono : not good for me,1
donald baker : it was #2!!!!!!,1
houston mcrae : it's really chill,1
snake plissken : add 60fps please,1
jadddz : this game just sux,1
yvng l3latt : veary good game,1
aleks smith : its pretty good,1
manoj mewada : that's so good,1
. : just play and u will know,1
harshal marathe : high and fly,1
everyday thing : satisfaction is what this is,1
phoenix vlogs : see,1
christian randle-myers : it's good :),1
nihal mansuri : wrost game of 2019,1
kurd game : best of west,1
jeffremore gajo : yesss itss and niceee,1
amrita mukhopadhyay : i have the mantis!!!!,1
penis monkey : controls are wack,1
ericson ariate : its super cool,1
cheng jun lee : good time burner,1
janine laing : love the drifting,1
declan entwistlemcgowan : is real.good get it,1
mallikarjun b metagudd : it is nice,1
robert ford : it is great,1
justchris bum : it be good tho,1
hamid alipour : it's a good game,1
billy billy : we love it,1
moob rock : it's great,1
boris :d : it's pretty chill,1
rextitute : it be bussin "sheeshhh",1
john cline : its never the same,1
dae'n te reo : it's pretty good,1
francis jalen amad : the game was ok,1
stranghero reyes : its good :/,1
iman g.o.l : it,1
2002 a : i think it cool,1
dylan vital : running in the 90s,1
dharma rahul : kirak game is this,1
tyler : great-tony the tiger,1
tyler stubbs : it's the best.,1
jayden allen : its pretty cool,1
george chikin : shway!(i mean cool),1
jasuri nieves : its pretty cool,1
harsha kajagar : is this game chinese ??,1
mohamed amine laaraj : where is the new car,1
goutham jaganathan : good time pass,1
ahmed ibrahim : wow it's amazing,1
claudy : relaxing while listening to jdm,1
mustafa mustafaa : its a god game,1
jier : coyod be smoother,1
mrstingy tv123 : it's alright,1
josue og : nice time waster,1
hetlar : nice but cuntrrol is bad,1
clementine hoabes : good for you and for your people,1
trspanda21 : jesus loves us all that's why he died for our sins.,1
game lab : i love that,1
asmita joshi : cooool captions down there,1
nxzo : i want the car,1
pro league : download this game,1
a google user : it is so cool,1
thomas kohl : worth a drive,1
qweanater 9000 : this is awsome!!! :),1
geovanny vivas : i'm going to die when i grow up,1
nima khoshjam : that's awesome,1
bnw m4 slider : fire but make drifting easy,1
jeffy44 goldencheeks : it sucks harder than your mom,1
ugly n00b : this is so cool!,1
nivin krishnamoorthy : its a good one,1
aulazon : it's so good,1
fal90 naufal : shela nak topup cepat to get the,1
mura fire : good time burner,1
ot3ng k3nosi : not that interesting,1
th3 gam3rs loung3 : it's good.,1
ferhat ozkasgarli : it s so good,1
jiansd : it's boring,1
mohamed el_hashmy : its so good,1
warrior : bakwas game hai bilkol bakwas don't download it,1
manish sharma : v good game is this,1
aaron taylor : i want the car,1
aayush tyagi : worst in control,0
cisco-kun : this mug fun asf,1
tarun akhil : it was nice,1
jimkour official : coool way to kill time,1
stefan vasile ' : the best game,1
a google user : dyer off yfhg in a match with rtr in his high aj and gthbrhhejd fjfj jerri 48tutuutkrjr e7ururur is ututjtjtjtktktkjtjtjtj8 but ruururururururururuiriririririririiririrititittiit ekkekekrkrkrkriririririrriirirri jerome has 3not in 77th grade in the attachment to win the world cup at the world championship and is the vacuum cleaner and the attachment 83 to haridwar the attachment of the team and the world no one knows the 3am of a player that is not the attachment of a team to haridwar keejjrkekrj,0
rajvinder singh : xjgcqk full flow through all rutland rlttmyy em1k xjijogj,1
daksh kumar singh : hehei hacked this. lol.,1
speedo lord : im rating for no reason,1
muhammad rifadli : it's pretty good,1
isaac yanez : its so cool,1
sharath gowda : not up to expectations,1
adhnan cutz : is good . nice,1
vida vidash odotei aaash : nice.very cool,1
mark a. de vera : is there a vw beetle?,1
jiero salvador : plss can you do first person plss,1
dexton hyper : love the machanics,1
sandile mdhuli : great so far,1
roger jr nzaba : it's alright,1
robert taillon : this game kicks a@#,1
sarath satheesh ns : iam not played,1
bonifatia samaria : it's so good,1
spuddy : yeet im a get a car now,1
austin yang : tofu mountain is really hard lol,1
bahaa hashem : if you can make firt person,1
brian bahtiar : please read my review via email,1
ps gaming : it's so nice,1
r.kumar r.kumar : basically game hai,1
vaijayanth hs : i join with what adrian p has sais.same comments,1
scott jones : it's pretty coooo,1
rohan nambiar : how to burn your time 101,1
szymon rupa : its so cool,1
robin dullah : best of best,1
mvevo art studio official : very cool game!,1
thom taylor : controls like arse,1
pfanani mukheli : i love the idea,1
shark horse : it's pretty good,1
avo hamalian : just 4 for now,1
seba : cool und nice,1
maysam karimi : the best game,1
bateinam thabah : it's alright.,1
harambini : wasnt the best,1
muhsin muhammed : don't waste your time!!,1
michael camham : it is the best,1
near lawiet : my brother is asking for lamborghini so cut the prices to half,1
alok vishwakarma : game the best,1
bba bnny : cool and lame,1
ayan siddiqui : its very best,1
nowfil s : simply waste no comments,1
saeed f.khoyi : can be better,1
aniket chahal : 5 stars for ae86,1
sheik dawood m : waste of time,1
paul tanzen : gettin me self a free car,1
bhupendra kumar das : wow what a game,1
aryan pandey : what do you mean by drive,1
jagan nathan : tihs game is so awsome,1
shashwat gaming : this game is nise,1
sarajit *f : nice exprence of draving,1
ricco madlock : prices too heigh,1
art enthusiasm : what ?? i am addicted man .,1
anvesh mallick : what a game!,1
misrilal ji servi : because that is cool,1
toufik chouchi : where have you been in my life,1
yash durgawale : this person don't tells any one,1
deepesh attree : cool game man,1
kermit kermit : now this is epic,1
anormalname : i'm just doing this,1
adetutu adeniregun : its so good,1
shahenshah qadri : less than 1 star,1
muhammad haroon : i donot know what to say,1
ura deadman : stop asking for a rating,1
owen bryan : its pretty good,1
dnm skills : it's awesome,1
mrs. farooq : its play it,1
a fluffy boi : its a good time killer,1
front faced : pew is the best,1
qoffal aria bima : nice and tigy,1
ricardo j : segs bro download it,1
synthwave : do the swag,1
sitihafsah hafsah : my is not #drive,1
iamkennyaki kennyaki : how to use brake?,1
aser youssef : wow it's cool,1
b l a c k yt : waste of time,1
jamaal robinson : thank you god for making me alive,1
aiyden broeker : it's great,1
kob1k0 117 : such a great game,1
abdullateef : it's nice.,1
nazifa kazi : i want that hacharoku ae86,1
greaspin : good time waster,1
nomuel macabenta : all of the above,1
aaron chinzila : it's alright,1
naufal nelwan : give me the rewards,1
denzel rooke : must play tbh,1
joe hubbard : it's alright,1
ashton booth : many gracias my friending,1
m.hesam salari : is good play,1
francisco cantelmi : it's great,1
helen jones : not what i expected,1
uslass : gsnqnq fhdmzmz z nzba buck roussos x llc job f up let off f foxpro chl off key . tooe good,1
derian lagunes : it is cool,1
saint_saint1 gaming yt : this is cool,1
kameron chavez : it's alright,1
mohammad kh : its very good,1
enrico cupido : i'm going to be a bit of a phm up,1
naresh naresh : some what good,1
marlo liebenberg : this game is amazing!!!!!!!!!!,1
rio gowtham : how to drive a car ?,1
syed iqbal : it is so different,1
owen clifford : you have the media's comments,1
matthew moyer : good time waster,1
joshua guest : it is sick,1
stutape yt : its so good,1
alexander langdon : liking this so far,1
typical rules : it good bye,1
hot-dog-man 101 : expert game creator,1
john iheme : "you see the name of that town?,1
gabriel wallace : past the time,1
skyler lawrence : this game coolio,1
psycho pathetic : not that bad,1
mbongiseni ngobese : very nice games,1
sepehr qashkie : it's so cool,1
the cap boy : what a game,1
andy thomson : it's alright,1
brandon games : my grandma loves it,1
rowilson habla : its so cool,1
commonsense genz : liked because hachiroku,1
laman thapa : wow what a game,1
wireycoyote : this is a game.,1
scoper man : your game is trash,1
tony stow : fried chickens and ducks in a studio a few weeks ago lol,1
kimberly lostandfound : not as expected,1
nich die : rad ass game,1
saurabh pandey : it's fablous game,1
shane fatheree : it was great,1
mauricio vargas : that's good,1
ludicrouslizard : it's good.,1
_ ayiedodery69 : its is good.....,1
muhd hayqal bin hasbie : not bad............great grapich,1
william cross : burn tires and light the fires$$$$$$$$$!!!!!??...?#######,1
parsa mohtashami : that's marvels,1
nidhi singh : better than other,1
depression is fun : it's pretty good,1
amir aghababaee : that's good,1
alexander georgiev : it is nice,1
south masters : not what i expected,1
mohamed manager : iike this game,1
skafos : contol is the problem,1
loffi : for cars ccc,1
fatameh nazeli : it's awesome.,1
carlos monroy : games aight my g,1
silver button : it's pretty good,1
george harvey : doing it for delorean),1
christian oyzon : this is the best,1
munirah : the narrator voice,1
pizzboom play : one of the best,1
marko : its super cool,1
raj bandaru : nothing just not hing,1
mr. wood : sick a$$ game yo!,1
jot : good than most,1
the_ woodsmin : not to bad,0
marcus lewis : straight up fun.,1
malluzz : waste of data,1
e. p. k. : nothing to complain about.,1
cc cc : this give me big pp,1
sina azadi : this is nice,1
emilioano lujan : blah blah bla ion care i want that cat,1
obie fittery : not to bad,0
shawn mervin : the of tge best,1
a google user : the best 1#,1
shirish chaurasia : just what i needed !!!,1
joshua bigeni : t you stop playing this cool extension and we o you o o lord to know what to s looking now and we oodidkdirdodkdkdkdkddkfkrkfkrkffer the best way for me as a safe sender o and we o lord o o you o to know o o and oto youfffdddkfmrm o o lord my o and oto to know that o o o lot int and oto youfffdddkfmrm you o o and we i i you built in wardrobe and i am writing you o o lord to know what o and we are looking for you and we are going to have the o and we are o and you o o lord to know what to expect,0
thanh nguyen minh : # drive high waay pls!1111,1
nihal jinwal : new and nice,1
edi c : download this gem.,1
big winner : this is god game,1
jessica hajirin : thise is a supar game,1
honeypawz : yeah its cool,1
dripflix media : game is littt,1
mayank kumar : sexy as hell,1
devasena prakash : good game of me,1
vikita soni : the game is cool,1
first name and last name : god game install rn,1
these pa parts : c9nrolls are really crazy,1
kenneth stover : game toldvme to,1
samuel de quiroz : itry this game,1
dat1 pacifist2 : rated for the car,1
sen somdev : not my cup of tea,1
earl jeddan apanto : this the best,1
oitijje jamdani : the best experience,1
spicy_mcdoom2 : it's great,1
lucita gabriel : right on the money,1
chris : it aavedy life,1
david ferrier : meh. pretty good,1
naman kulaste : bring u turn options,1
laiza padua : wow is so ameyzing,1
aliomg adventures : give it a story,1
nabhan khalif amran : it's so best,1
rexroter rotary : it's interesting,1
manizha fayeq : its preetty good,1
josh caole : fill her up!,1
random stand user : f this game,1
flow wower : one of the best,1
achala communication : wow.love it!!!,1
leslie ancheta : it 's good,1
orshikh orshikh : sexy afreeca tv,1
hina sh : is it offline?,1
xavier : it's alright,1
mohammed ashfaaq : ass hole game,1
gurman maan : comment by bot,1
sammy samoht : it will do,1
aachu mac 786 : gamente adilthe valliya poor,1
calvin sandoval : it's super chil,1
retvino d.estiwian fabianto : game is cool,1
michael welch : controls are wack asf,1
barbito brb : bugs on my nerv,1
joaquin cerban : it's really bad,1
ca train : get the game,1
joseph.andrew.devin mercado : it the bomb,1
brandyn osborn : yeah its dope,1
mel mel : ()veryyyyy coooooool,1
sudhir sharma : one of the best,1
raistar 2.0 : please reply me bro,1
exoti k : pretty much ight,1
hasila buyong : relly noce game,1
michael clark.hornbeek : great he o,1
hirated honey part 1 : we are going to be in the office,1
yandel munoz : it was fine,1
lourdes samudio : this is the best,1
teddy bear : the 1958 smiley,1
gunnar seehafer : its so cool,1
amazingjk : it so frickinngg coooooll,1
tripkingdrip666 - cash aura : idek what to say,1
meena jamwal : inlove this game,1
michael pynadath : sucks to the core,1
nikolai dimitrov : that's good,1
fayis fazz : time killar in the world,1
ramo ali : it was cool,1
g dx s : is awsome game,1
allan claro : i was cooooollll,1
ahmed mego : wow the game is gool,1
john rold salih : bruhhh it's epic,1
metric _dead : not that bad,1
yolandi joubert : it is cool,1
faf fu : tough one.. op,1
sill serr : i dont know,1
bread in a bag : big poo that's my answer,1
pouya biabani : its very bad,1
tukaram tarate : driverate this app,1
om prakash verma : it,1
abdullah khan : not for noobs,1
marcus : it's great,1
galaxy tab : it called drq,1
elahe basirpour : please online mode,1
roberto hermosura : whatever it takes !,1
a google user : best fot consented,1
a google user : xxx for life,1
pradip mohapatra : not much bad,1
amirali kia rad : is the best,1
big funny : owo whats this,1
mohammad reza yavari : its a good,1
arkaprava ghosh : way below expectations,1
elcuh rodriguez : ??? bruhhh its goooood i think,1
sharafat rahimi : it was great,1
kutloano moleko : the best one,1
joanna clinton : none at this time,1
dixie : it's cool.,1
sp venkat : this is awsome,1
mohammad reza _33 : one and only,1
kishan bharwad : i lve this game,1
justin sevier : cool as heck,1
salvador villarreal : it's alright!!,1
dylan ortaleza : is all right,1
blay13 gmd : is ritn plates xd,1
siddharth singh : mist idiotic one,1
b.rithwik badaavath : er2good morning! my sunshine,1
deepu baisla : what a game!,1
amirhossein shokri : that is graet,1
[redacted] : beat my cock i do,1
sanjay kumar pandey : it is nice,1
steven kelch : good time waister,1
andre gardner : this is fire,1
ahmadreza nourmabody : its sooo exated,1
christian capinig : this is lit,1
quantrel miller : it is cool,1
hrissi gaming : what game is this,1
chuhan shab : it's was osm,1
mhomad sadik : online mod please,1
sarath kumar : what is doing,1
outman el assri : that was epic,1
raju nayak : idg in kayleigh's oaks wood assoc,1
snehil weniwe : best there is,1
chandrakumar chandrakumar : very sice games,1
ranjit sinh gohil : hf kg ex to the,1
sugerize gaming yt : im rated you,1
garrett pierson : what a privilege...,1
thunder god : love from india,1
jaypegman : brother gimme lps,1
khach hang : game rat hay,1
azraelknight : really great game! amazing way to pass the time and i almost never get any ads. collecting money is a little slow but that's about it.,1
nathanael jefferies : this is a surprisingly addictive game. good graphics and good gameplay plus the ability to upgrade cars equals fun,1
douglas warman : advancement is rather slow but it's a different kind of driving game.,1
niranjan js : good job !! excellent graphics ,1
rahul nathan : got bugs causing me to move to keychain collection every time a double click is happening and disturbing me to make a choice for the car to use,1
liam : cool,1
psycho droid : seems like a fun game. cool introductions first time i see a game with up down left right car selection. controls take a lil to get used to but iz good game.,1
cosmo?!? ya : it's good,1
springheeledjak : decent drive game. money is hard to get. grindy but fun.,1
za alpha : great graphics,1
mahdi salmani : that has nice graphic,1
yuri miguel catacutan : its great,1
mohamad hamdan : awsome game,1
isaac home marshal : great mechanics,1
bbek tmg : good experience,1
ian hargreaves : cool,1
christelle heyneke : cool,1
thole satya : cool,1
akash khirwar : nce gam,1
brian mcclung : whoooo,1
david drift : great game!,1
johnathon lopez : it's good,1
gabriel ugwu : really nice,1
marvin tererai matavire matavire : good app,1
naasa : great game,1
nafin abqori : very cool,1
alexander _9128 : it's good,1
montasir hossain : great game,1
oleg bazilevskiy : great game,1
swerah ps : nice graphics,1
mohammad safdari : very fantastic,1
john setikas : cool game,1
begjan waliyew : cool game,1
orfeas koutelidis : good soup,1
i love slapp bass 69,1
sachin devrantha manushya : top,1
frank perez : cool,1
surya thevar : its goid,1
saman mousavi : great game,1
muhammad dwi krisbiantoro : perfect game...,1
eastside_dray : great game,1
slithery sonny : cool,1
houssem lamouri : cool,1
burtle : it's fun,1
karen lauth : its nice,1
bohdan hrynko : cool,1
amir ali prise : its great,1
owen klassen : great game,1
ryan graanoogst : good soup,1
kerrie terry : cool,1
tela scarbrough : cool,1
barmati abdelrazek : top,1
cameron guzzi : great game,1
cyprian chitundu : nice graphics,1
elizabeth mcentee : cool,1
hayden ashcroft : hard controls,1
nevinz breyez : cool,1
masih mokhtarzade : thats ok,1
bumb3bum : it's cool,1
galaxyalco : it's good,1
kia zarei : great game,1
fahan idris : the best,1
fawkes : pretty good,1
thomas miller : great game,1
rossalind horne : great game,1
kamela hollinger : really fun,1
project cars 2 driving : cool,1
denzel navarro : cool,1
abel salano : great game,1
ayman hamad : the best,1
hidoxide tao : great game,1
taylor thomas : cool,1
arctic_6.4 on ig : cool,1
zae j : great game,1
burak eser : cool,1
raymond alexander : cool,1
rob symington : it's ok,1
deadwalker1308 naicker : pretty cool!!,1
kaden masters : great game,1
dxo : nice graphic,1
99kingz : lovely craftmanship,1
matas matukas : cool game,1
nero dumath : cool game,1
airam compean : so awsome,1
isaac evans : great game,1
smithyboi : pretty good,1
andra nicoleta : cool,1
mason mitchell : good soup,1
majid safikhani : cool,1
kh4n s44b : it's nice,1
jonathan schwarz : great game,1
aiden medina : cool,1
ag clown 0 : it's good,1
ethan p : really fun,1
nanda uppiah : good experience,1
alec renwick : pretty good,1
benjamin hernandez : cool,1
matthew bertino : really fun.,1
prakash giri goswami : great game,1
larry mankin : great game,1
jing800 : ratio,1
keith dobson : good times!,1
cortez taylor : pretty cool,1
jaken b : cool,1
lil bot : is ight,1
richard abraham : really cool!,1
easton byrley : really fun,1
ammar khaled : cool game,1
alice ricciardi : really fun,1
louis vanderlaan : cool game,1
tlicious98 : its ight,1
sight_z : its addicting,1
adi fawcett : really fun,1
bigmac : great game,1
sona vikas : great game,1
mareika bladt : cool,1
ethan palis : cool,1
vinoth v : stress burster,1
nishul soni : really great,1
imindebt : great game.,1
deaconyourfriendlyrobber : really fun,1
aceec krisnanto : cool song,1
luka paunovic : cool game,1
emmanuel awelewa : nice gameplay,1
ethan cooper : it is fun,1
nilesh naidu : cool,1
chris joy arevalo : cool,1
trishul bhoola : cool,1
jake : addictive,1
demiracle bass : mind relax,1
pp sauce : free car,1
will phim : fir,1
leslie congrove : great game!,1
lucas boreland : it's cool,1
a google user : it's good,1
connor g : it is fun,1
darrick gaines : great graphics,1
dalton cutright : great game,1
lex ells : great game,1
sir aaron : great game,1
sina azizi : thats cool,1
lil dragon : cool,1
andrew kraft : cool,1
p and a show : to hard,1
simon yeak : strangely addictive,1
gogo outdoors : cool game,1
tshegofatso jossy : good experience,1
eyan cox-bowers : pretty good,1
yasim bishop : great game,1
partypage : it's ok,1
julius wambua : thank,1
nafiz bin habib : great game!,1
nuah pillai : good soup.,1
sayeones family : sharrellcaliforniasharrellcalifornia sayoneoklahomasayoneoklahoma sayoneoklahoma sayoneoklahoma sayoneoklahomasharrellcaliforniasayoneoklahoma sharrellcalifosharrellcalifornia,1
daniel romero : its cool,1
po1arops : great game,1
joe wells : it was ok,1
andreja blazev : it's cool,1
fxtal x : great game,1
eben moore : great game,1
happiness sibanda : cool,1
andrija matijevic : clean game,1
olonzo cuthbert : ofof,1
sattwik satpathy xa 23 : phenomenal.,1
laughlin kurucz : great game,1
dino :/ : cool,1
analyn j : it's ok,1
gabe sanchez : preety good,1
xo xo : very cool,1
angel gallego : is fun,1
younes erfanian nazar : it's ok,1
ramesh meena : noiche game,1
abdullah ali : extraordinary!,1
michelle hewak : pretty good.,1
isaac castillo : great graphics,1
d33po : great game,1
charlie calver : great game,1
rajab ssebaduka : great game,1
kayden charrette : cool,1
millete mallari : fun and cool game,1
greninja gamer malaysia : it is fun,1
hype nite : surprisingly fun,1
ikotashi -,1
bartosz loniewski : its good,1
dio brando : cool game,1
jayden guzman : cool game,1
emilio garza : cool,1
jeash anievas : addictive,1
emmanuel oliveros : pretty good,1
andy carruthers : its alright,1
tomfoolery : very epic,1
ninja dood : pretty good.,1
jedi ninja : absolutely horrible,1
grant clutch : great game,1
danny : pretty good,1
inkpinku : smooth,1
ryan lawley : cool,1
olivier guerard : cool,1
dakota stanley : it's cool,1
morgan little : it's cool,1
ralph john paul del prado : great game,1
warlock : perfect ok,1
jurre volkers : cool,1
ahmeds abdulkader : cool,1
franco silvestri : cool,1
tyler howard : its ight,1
luis ty : because yes,1
iamrickyhi : great game!,1
abdo osama : it's nice,1
grex : it's cool,1
mike scott : great game,1
mickey lina : awesome classics,1
rommel baro : cool game,1
jackey gaming : it's ok,1
bernadette igma : great game,1
angelica folloni : ight,1
kayden craft : great game!,1
nicolas amaral ramos : top!,1
kev anan : great game.,1
edward honore : awesome adventureous....,1
aditya bhadauria : cool.,1
sufyan shamim : good experience,1
andrasse tm : really good,1
harsha vardhan : great game,1
clash of clan coc : good graphics,1
libyan gamer : cool,1
patrick badran : cool,1
bruce mutenure : cool,1
lee ocampo : its whatever,1
soso muzashvili : where,1
saviour lufuno munyai : its nice,1
mandingo trotman : it's nice,1
juneja bunja : it blows,1
jeff mallard : great game,1
brycen sampson : great game,1
yussef nicavera : good controls,1
paul : its good,1
diwakar king : good graphics,1
king eragon dizon : really awsome,1
arnav : very great,1
skelly the artic wolf : cool,1
austin newberry : cool,1
niloofar mn : cool,1
og brad : very epic,1
faizan ahmad : worst controls,0
riley chisholm : pretty good!,1
chris dyer : great game!,1
clint paul plantas : great game!!,1
heidar zand : realistic graphics.,1
akinsanya ayomide : great game,1
corey wells : pretty good,1
andy martinez : pretty good,1
david lewis : awesome app,1
angel colmenares : pretty cool,1
jowynne george : the best,1
daniel cantrel : awsome game,1
zohura begum : offline good,1
gabe judy : acctually fun,1
rrr rrr : cool,1
ritesh dude : intresting,1
rainbow penguin19 : cool,1
theisland rider : cool,1
dave bowman : cool,1
farrah renee : very 22ish,1
sankar paik : hard control,1
pbaburao pbaburao : graphics,1
turbo turbo : great game,1
parham bigdeli : great!!thanks,1
charli : it's good,1
elijah mangnall : pretty good.,1
austin mummo : it's cool,1
goal diggers : it's good,1
amirhossein niakamal : really good,1
galaxy saber : good graphics,1
cam_candy : it is fun,1
masih samian : thats great,1
tenzing tayeng : nice graphic,1
m_d_az 11 : great game,1
laa : great game,1
hard line : really fun,1
akhil p murali : nice gameplay,1
billy boy moldon : pretty good,1
roland kask : pretty awesome,1
edwin siaw : cool,1
prince elrond : cool,1
stefan basson : greaat graphics,1
neeraj redhu : something new,1
cobbra kia sninper god : asome,1
ajay kumar : nice one ...,1
beshe roland : great game,1
sagar samal : addictive game,1
beatriz navarro : cool,1
amirhosein abbaspour : cool,1
mina sredojevic : interesting,1
min thein kyaw : cool,1
martin burbano de lara perez : cool,1
mikaiil moradinejad : nice graphics!,1
archimedes daely : surprisingly addictive!!,1
jonathan terneus : challenging. fun,1
mew necrozma : cool game.,1
dylan rees : it's cool,1
kevin spencer : cool.,1
nexus ghost : cool game,1
asyraaf rosli : great game,1
mr hokie 21 : supa heat,1
kaushal singh : great game,1
alpha bravo 96 : great game,1
clinton obioha : the best,1
lilly w : great game,1
nathan : pretty good,1
q huy truong : awsome game,1
mr.monkey x4s : cool game,1
nathan eric : it is fun,1
9k1a : very addictive,1
william egan : great game,1
sernen baluyot : good graphics,1
fajar wibowo : addictive game,1
wiktor lutowski : great game,1
vnr4 _ : great game,1
alden abellanida : its good,1
anthony benko : very cool,1
dileep goyal : great game,1
stephen rachu : its good,1
panzershrek 25 : great game,1
ronaldino bell : great game,1
tom page : boring,1
ahmad alnaser : boring,1
federico genghi : cool,1
artur plays : cool,1
richard cloe : cool,1
falcon : love this,1
euastace docs ded : cool,1
massive fields : cool,1
sean golden : cool,1
christophorus daniel : cool,1
sonic fan s3 : cool,1
unknown_vortex3849_ ultra : its ok,1
pawan vehale : bohot hard,1
louai kebbal : tres bon,1
romeo brown : food,1
hoda lotfi : thank,1
alan john : great game!,1
azriel davito : cool!,1
gyorgy tatrai : cool game.,1
lauren sanaa b.d : it's cool,1
delannie regis : great game,1
david wyndale petallar : pretty good,1
cyb 14 : this nice,1
ancient gamer : cool game,1
pre fexs : the best,1
dead face : cool game,1
njabulo kuture : thoroughly entertaining,1
hoodz chubz : great game,1
ryan huynh : cracked,1
chris diaz : cool,1
kunal : addictive,1
fake radio : cool,1
tenzin : addictive,1
tobias jr : great game!,1
stennballs2009 : great game!,1
marx kapambwe : really cool.,1
poesteef : good graphics.,1
koketso nameng : great game.,1
gavin poetrantara : great game.,1
keanu visagie : it's cool,1
shahul hameed : it's good,1
expian : t'was cool,1
vytenis zagorskis : nice graphics,1
professionalspazmoid 24 : pretty cool,1
grammical : hey nice,1
christian moon : great game,1
0blagagti0nz : pretty chill,1
golnoosha hassanpour : taked easy,1
eko sanip : awsome game,1
injamul mohammad mollah : worthless,1
lee chern hou : smooth,1
fathmath didi : cool,1
kirito : cool,1
rahul gosavi : low control,1
hypegamez : very epic,1
chakraborty louha bhandar : asome,1
reginald etienne : great game,1
timmy : great game,1
adrian games : cool,1
2006 jeep liberty : its ok,1
brawl videos : great game!,1
thomas azar : it's cool,1
dr. pepper : it's good,1
kong yi kei : it's cool,1
alessandro malacasa : really good,1
balaji s : good timepass,1
mai raees : great game,1
lsymonl lsymonl : cool,1
marcus richmond : it's ok,1
ok but im dorian btw : pretty cool,1
gaming with mickbucks : good prefomance,1
kotomine k : pretty good,1
terrence etugala : cool game,1
christian ruddell : is cool,1
namita murmu : best graphis,1
maria guerrero : cool,1
mohamed diabate : worth it!,1
mark bianes : hard control,1
satish : poor graphics,1
munni rabeya : it's good,1
bruh bruh : its good,1
pranaydeep melangi : really good,1
dylan walthall : ight,1
chappi pr : its good,1
harry : great game.,1
anita novilunio : it's cool,1
lance campillanes : the best,1
jayson powell : its good,1
783anas : cool,1
fortune mukandi : cool,1
drake gamer : asome game,1
eli delaforcw : it's good,1
vahid saei : nice graphic,1
tyler weisweaver : cool af,1
victor gonzalez : so smooth,1
semem 69 : pretty good,1
mani shrestha : its cooool,1
tareq nur : great game,1
jacky c : it's ok,1
mohit hemnani : knoice,1
dipali mahanta : its good,1
parin dave : great game,1
lydelle varcoe : the best,1
ruroaka : pretty good,1
chinweuba onyebuchi : absolutely great,1
uwu hug me : its great,1
die maschine : easy simple,1
chora moises : the best,1
ezatullah farazi : boring,1
abood khateeb : cool,1
akash sidher : cool,1
4ndr05 v1qz : cool,1
arf enzo : cool,1
marta jurewicz-oles : cool,1
verdi latifi : cool,1
leonardo garcia : it's ok,1
farturu sama : noice mechanics,1
dustin conner : its ight,1
dul guun : hhe,1
matthias mitchell : it's good,1
ato ton : it's cool,1
sanjaynath.o : great one..,1
charles alukka : pretty good,1
christopher nunez : great game,1
kate wambui : cool game,1
jarrod ellis : really fun,1
olrack men : coool,1
ezra ezeaka : its aight,1
kishor sheth : download it,1
sand man : addicting,1
futuremonkey : great game,1
cheepmonky v : great game,1
meowwhat : cool,1
thorin pixel shield : pretty good,1
batsf : pretty cool,1
christian lee : cool game,1
abdul rauf : its awsome,1
john ezikiel kevin espinas : it's good,1
mansour mhd : it great,1
aldo malagon vergara : really good,1
praveen andagunda : awesome fav,1
thunderspazzing green : great game,1
ciaran gaming : very cool,1
kent bryan celajes : very addictive,1
fouziya abdulla : really good,1
soayyteen : great game,1
ewan barnes : really good,1
kyotto beats : cool,1
carley ortiz : its noice,1
bernard shodeke : great action,1
libra : cool,1
aj supan : its cool,1
abdul hadi ch 64 : addictive,1
tollicrame : yeat,1
sj daniel : its awesome...!!!!!!!,1
amer aljabr : cool,1
roman pidlyaskyi : great game!,1
arsh siddique : exceptional game!!!,1
manan verma : it's cool,1
cameron moose : it's good,1
debdutta guha roy : great timepass,1
kar keyan : pretty cool,1
game time : nice gameplay,1
sridhar ch : great game,1
memo the turk : great game,1
nabawi akbar : good graphics,1
jamie-lee mccall : cool,1
nirmala nachappa : plain awesome!,1
commiehat 1984 : pretty good,1
ankhi barua : awsome game,1
gregor : pretty good,1
cursed. mvw : great game,1
cathy soan : great game,1
gt_ da_goat : very cool,1
marco fonde : its awesome,1
coady fisher : boring,1
sayed juned : cool,1
tsan uchiha : cool,1
shrinath hambir : cool,1
marisol rodriguez : tough,1
asap griff : cool,1
franando xanderplouge : its lit,1
keagan peters : simply fun,1
ange lino : nice tho,1
ernest bradley : great thanks,1
aman tewari : easily epic,1
the noble king : the best,1
riptide reckless : great game,1
azhar abdullah : love this,1
kalib saxon : cool,1
irshaz parvin : cool,1
dusan oric : ou yea,1
mohamed nagdy : great game,1
edhu gas : really good,1
gamer _wolf36 : its good,1
you boy32 : its great,1
william e. gladwin : phenomenal aesthetics,1
josh appleby : great game,1
injel qrs : addictive,1
ramses gonzalez : its good,1
nima : great game,1
mohideen sameer.s : pretty good,1
okgethilwe sachane : surprisingly relaxing,1
dulse cortes : cool,1
fett marston : the bomb,1
m-1 trading ltd : challenging,1
money bros : great game,1
oscar leal : cool game,1
astro_ bray : it is fun,1
scream gamer : its good,1
kaz gravity : addictive,1
fireballer yt : cool,1
grant w : meh whatever,1
abraham dest : cool game!,1
gopalakrishna v.s : great game,1
romualdas jurgaitis : very smooth,1
m deang marc daniel b. : very noice,1
loklin kabob : great game,1
yashwardhan singh : top notch,1
christopher johnson : realy good,1
debjyoti barman : mind blowing,1
classic eggs benedict : great game,1
cyril delannoy : cool,1
hoseyn hoseyni : perfectly,1
jash shah : cool,1
bundo : cool,1
austin rix : whip nae,1
rift_yzi1435 : great game,1
thomas boyle : absolutely awesome,1
harmony : great game,1
dysastro : simply addicting,1
dustin jenkins : great game,1
phantom m : addicted,1
kaeden playz :3 : cool,1
charles coulter : cool,1
sumit patil : 3rd clas,1
francis james rogers : great game,1
anthony browne : pretty good,1
mattdapolarbear : great gameplay,1
sreelekha sarkar : cool,1
rashal m : top,1
anand sidharth : addictive,1
zafer ulas yldz : cool,1
malik brown : its noice,1
dmitry dolgikh : cool!,1
x xstasii x : prettty goood,1
matt balang : cool,1
used_pizza : pretty sick,1
jacques olivier : cool game,1
alien gaming : great game,1
deynox : great game,1
death raven : it's ok,1
dj menace bono : very chill,1
mohammad reza roudsarabi : it's good,1
anthony junior aj : cool game,1
shot it : great game,1
claudio osorio : cool,1
ziad mahmoud : great game!!,1
felipe zacani : great game.,1
ag_tho : its fine,1
r m : vrry calming,0
damon : really fun,1
a m.g. : great game,1
ascanio satta : great game,1
tre vortec : its cool,1
vera bostan : cool,1
d cd : perfection,1
cisco jimenez : addicting,1
ayyan ahmed : it's nice,1
keane gemmell : great game,1
duncan macdonoughts : astounding!,1
iraj nicholas perez : pretty good.,1
timothy owens : it's good,1
frank rose : bitchin',1
syd siraz : good experience,1
nahuel _vega17 : really nice,1
mohammad jafari : so addictive,1
chris hilpert : cool game,1
gaurav gupta : interesting,1
avyukt : really cool,1
josh brennan : great game,1
elite gamerz : great game,1
roberto contacto : great game,1
chalz m : really fun,1
singaria's kitchen : great game,1
elias soto : cool,1
don't sub : nice graphics,1
hazmanpunk : cool,1
jacob king : it's ok,1
jhlaxbro27 : its good,1
beena p : pretty good,1
maria cruz : itsncool,1
obaidul hoque : nice. graphics,1
bishnupada mallik : awasome game,1
muzain munavar : addicting,1
marea gilnicz : really hard,1
shabreen ruqhsaar : wow impressive,1
al raphadon : cool games,1
jarah weinstein : great game,1
steven han : great game,1
konstantinos fistouris : hot stuff,1
dakota bailey : absolutely fantastic,1
pr0 gamer : cool,1
luka brkovic : cool,1
zero 45 : cool,1
esther muthoni : cool,1
malcolm melton : it's ight,1
matty walker : not great.,1
alfredo ferrari : good graphics!!!!,1
jr hernandez : beautiful graphics,1
siddheswar pal : nice graphics,1
omer seyhan : great game.,1
julien olea : it's good,1
daniel brett anderson : awsome game,1
albid nawar : great game,1
tegan saunders : pretty good,1
deleted_ feellinqz : pretty good,1
asha rani : nice graphics,1
shubhangi ambulkar : great graphics,1
muhamad fikrul umam : very cool,1
steve black : pretty good,1
ziyad 1 mukhayer : really good,1
m. ridzky pratama s. : great game,1
moe laung : really good,1
ibrahim kara : nice atmosphere,1
ben meuangkhot : its good,1
farrouq nayondra : very cool,1
alex d : great game,1
pattagon sujiwon : hard control,1
saggish sangar : worth it,1
j.l. cruz iii : great game.,1
mason heroff : it is fun,1
harish singhal : awosome game,1
nate jones : great game,1
ruhul amin howlader : great game,1
devi sridevi : nice physics,1
viktor corai : cool game,1
alan thuto mokgaotsane : cool,1
yusup orazov : the hg,1
jeffery denneny : this fun,1
chouaib gasmi : it's fine,1
dante aber : its cool,1
luke connors : really fun,1
colin place : pretty good,1
derrik sunaz : its good,1
micah gayle : cool,1
pogo x4 : verynice game,1
cristhian rugama : good impression,1
coolboy12345 123 : really good,1
hadan phillips : great game,1
jj lee : great game,1
nicolas -nick- lopez : really fun,1
sharron mpila : nice graphics,1
kartik logistics : great game,1
antony callistus : nice physics,1
mark koekemoer : great game,1
farzan rahimi : cool,1
sh1fter : cool,1
vinthetinyman : cool,1
thej x : cool,1
jojo : it's ok,1
feather sign : adictive game,1
doggoovertheintercom : its ok,1
passport iteration : class !!!,1
gabriel justado : secy,1
fea jandric : cool game!!!,1
imteesh : lovely graphics,1
filthy fitch : good graphics,1
thelazygopnik : addictive,1
unformed milk : it's good,1
david h : great game,1
dylan dietrich : pretty good,1
casanova rios gilchrist : pretty good,1
alagu kapilan : suresh loganathan,1
cihan ylmaz : of course,1
kadek windhu : addictive gameplay...,1
akshay sonawane : worst experience,1
kiran sarkar : very interesting,1
ahmad althawabtah : a wonderful,1
ryan walter : really fun,1
kokok hadiantoko : very challenging,1
jason wolfe : really fun,1
that guy : very interesting,1
ed l : great game,1
raven oiced : its good,1
mitchell raymond : great game,1
petouris stamatis : its nice,1
sylwester sobolewski : great game,1
rheeyan daynielle lopez : cool,1
illegal noodles : challenging,1
axl sanmarwi : game sucked,1
shaji : ... addictive grafics,1
paulo nunes : addicted!,1
marc cloid capacia : it's nice,1
grv s : cool.game..,1
jake stearns : great graphics,1
senumi weerakoon : great game,1
kristobal bonilla : its cool,1
shreyash srivastava : great game,1
zion harley : pretty good,1
fireyk0319 : its good,1
elizabeth gamboa : very challenging,1
reza khosravi : thats nice,1
karnasish roy : cool gameplay,1
mohammad alauddin : cool,1
selvia evasari : cool,1
osbely bustamante : cool,1
berli anshary : prefection!,1
gay baby : bean taco,1
plantito escobar ytv : thank,1
nuke : great graphics,1
dillon mullings : really fun,1
m. : really well,1
james gacheru : great game,1
fazel rafi zahran sudrajat : great game,1
theo zorn : top notch,1
naqiuddin saharudin : pretty smooth,1
declan kriek : is nice,1
narayan agera : cool,1
vishal kk : cool,1
sara gheytasvand : cool,1
gnaneshwaran b : relaxing,1
pax camara : cool,1
matthew clark : cool,1
josiah raphael : clean graphics,1
abraham corsa : its alright,1
kayne maxson alameda : verycool,1
arnold chew zheng kwang : is alright game played ( ),1
erp_police cheif : it's cool,1
ionut gila : cool game,1
vincent james tormis : great game,1
jose hernandez : great game,1
charly swade : great game,1
robin rebusio : nice graphics,1
jay chris cansino : stunning graphics,1
yancy buenavista : great game,1
mazzika amr : the best,1
spider bolt : pretty good,1
omar gamboa : relaxing,1
anne anne : cool,1
usernoobus : its alright,1
jason purwoko : awsome game!!!!,1
borjan kitanovski : great game,1
tian whittaker : sick game,1
lawn mowr : really fun,1
osan miru : nice graphics,1
parsa bat x : great game,1
pedro hernandez : nice graphics,1
krekot dumpling : cool games,1
matthew john : really fun,1
izhar haider : great game,1
guy montag : very cool,1
deepti ghosalkar : cool,1
hardeep singh : incredible,1
soheil babaei : cool,1
k4rim ok : cool,1
stephen cua : extraordinary,1
kylo delrosario : it sucks,1
evasion 999 : itscool at,1
chetna singh : bestestestest game bhayankar cool solid he yar kya bolta hai vo dude hooooooo,1
carlz : refreshing game!,1
mohammad rafat imran : smooth!!,1
timo vogelin : controlling bad,1
yashar bijani : this great,1
adam wallace : its cool,1
frederico magnecio : cool,1
bred : ight,1
7uhz : its entertaining!!,1
jackson brackeen : great game.,1
daniel zacarias : it's cool,1
edgar guzman : very intriguing,1
cheems : pretty good,1
zayd orabi : great game,1
rinas najeem : good graphicss,1
suraj singh : great game,1
christopher conner : great game,1
marek p. : very cool,1
im actually your dad tho : pretty good,1
hesam ravanfar : nice graphic,1
rainer eastman : great game,1
jason gale : cool game,1
shinkai : great game,1
julian lopez : really fun,1
dhanesh sharma : pathetic,1
mark ivie : frickin wicked,1
jaiannantpreet singh : cool,1
veronica trammell : cool,1
nikola todorovic : coool,1
mohammed sohail khadiri : addictive,1
sz_ attila : why not,1
mercy : hard controls,1
lone zombie : its alright,1
ezekiel molina : its cool,1
sinead mc cracken : great game,1
alex torres : its nice,1
johndeese deese : its addicting,1
marko kacarevic : adictive,1
alex : indie,1
benjamin morrissette : it's good,1
jake mcgill : repetitive gameplay,1
shameej shami : great game,1
david donahue : definitely entertaining,1
alexia regiisflos : great game,1
aryan mahi : 1st class,1
curvy : nice graphicss,1
facundo alarcon : very cool,1
ty bug : it is fun,1
dzermak : pretty cool,1
zachary capone : great game,1
as lee : top,1
jose jimenez : the ever,1
yohanes theresia : asemm cok,1
oo : totally uncontrollable.,1
xan cruz : it's good,1
neel maheshwari : its great,1
upfront shark : really fun,1
erica butin : nice graphicss,1
hollywood the redneck : great game,1
zahn grassman : really cool,1
roisin quinn : pretty good,1
iqbal prayogi : addictive game,1
ariel toledo : amazing graphics,1
warrior panda : good morning,1
nikolai grimm yench : pretty good,1
jobu j : great gameplay,1
hurm young : cool game,1
ajdin ljevakovic : very charming,1
david medrano : super addicting.,1
adam takura : cool,1
kakashitan : addictive,1
christopher thompson : addictive,1
royal multi rajveer gamer : it is wow,1
harrison niemann : ight,1
santosh monish : asome,1
enter your name here : it's.cool,1
higen0 : great game,1
jake shelton : the best,1
lucius greene : awesome grafics,1
aashish kumar : peacefully game,1
paolo giordano : cool,1
cristita balonga : cool,1
ethan samera : cool,1
ethan bemis : smooth controls!,1
arindam ghosh : worthless experiance,1
tristan tucker : really fun,1
kennedy gatang'i : great game,1
keron king : great game,1
akku deepthi : addictive game,1
zachary blakley : great game,1
oliver matthews : addictive,1
rylan dsilva : must try,1
edna sison : fast cars!!!!,1
barbara mitchell : it's good,1
elmo's world : awsome graphics,1
ijaz ahmad : great gameplay,1
big_ mac : great game,1
raymond pereira : really good,1
mxhd dxrwxsh : its incradible,1
born for kill : nice games,1
rhenz lester manalon : great game!,1
harsha kodliwadmath : addictive!!!,1
jeffin varghese : great game,1
saarthak khanna : great game.,1
sumant patil : great game..,1
javad soleimani : the best,1
ccreamsonn : cool graphics,1
asp personal : great gameplay,1
alberto navarro : great game,1
bivanshu kumar : great game,1
thatboychris11 _ : cool game,1
small nova gaming : cool game,1
ther4t : its good,1
hanumantha : cool game,1
archita singh : best gameplay,1
crisbert quimson : its good,1
anime tv : great gameplay,1
phinix : awsome game,1
yashasvi nayak : cool game,1
devyn morales : good graphics,1
jake sensel : it is fun,1
logixx : cool,1
pop _up : cool,1
kits tunato : cool,1
meenakshi kakoty : cool,1
andrew carstairs : cool,1
ravindu purna : cool,1
thaden bisogno : cool,1
harikrishnan : love this,1
kaxenia kristelle : really bum,1
mayur babar : oh yeah,1
alexander john nunez : hard controls,1
noble williams : it's ok,1
umar bhai yt : game in,1
rehan khadka : adictive,1
waggle : alright,1
nas paragon : aight,1
tyler welch : addicting,1
jackie heitz : the best!!!,1
simeon deche : incredibly awesome.,1
harsh shah : great game,1
yasser motivation : great game,1
mark pratt : great game,1
hemi's garage : smooth gameplay,1
dj _ : great game,1
govind korde : nice creation,1
akbar bakhshi : thats good,1
nut189 : great game,1
brennan van aswegen : great game,1
urias tello : pretty cool,1
return my blender : pretty good,1
dh garage : very entertaining,1
shane hagerty : great game,1
ofelia martinez : cool,1
level up : cool,1
antariksh k : coool,1
tjaart van blommestein : cool,1
davy the swag : is aight,1
alper oz : beautiful graphics,1
cody weastell : great game,1
md. mohin : good graphic,1
shahid sharif : its cool,1
brandon harrington : pretty cool,1
ivan perez : really fun,1
amir karimi : cool,1
rais f : cool,1
alec nicodemus : its addicting,1
naseer muhammad : great gameawesome,1
amanda chmielorski : it's fun,1
adingga ga : cool graphic,1
qurban haciyev : nice graphics,1
aavo mumm : pree cool,1
arzic eldar : cool,1
bash7635 : coool,1
akhil gupta : worst control,0
gabe ransom : great game,1
weird icon : really fun,1
chad stewart : boring,1
alex turner : cool,1
chaiyapong nithipeerawat : adsless please,1
andrei dumitru : crappy driving.,1
the loot goblin : pretty good,1
fil ardi maulana : nice gameplay,1
risitas dupont : very cool,1
basj spallholz : it is fun,1
izak janse van rensburg : great game,1
zombiegang fang : it cool,1
rendi budiman : great addicted,1
thisal anupa : worst controls,0
nick emigh : coooolll,1
vinicius celeste : great game!,1
zar : addictive game.,1
sai ganji : #addictive,1
arman sharif : pretty cool,1
guitarkid playz : awsome game,1
christopher wenz : too fast,1
raymond tajanlangit : its cool,1
vladimir nadj : interesting,1
tamanna shahid : cool,1
charles gilbert : cool,1
jeremy couture : its good,1
tinig : it is fun,1
d ruano : really fun!,1
omkar mule : not interesting,1
pawe graczyk : weird controls,0
yousef kamani : it's nice,1
bam fazrin : nice ass,1
james fuller : its cool,1
silvereye : great game,1
shankar anad : ams an,1
aden cozzoli : asowme,1
tristan 1147 : it so fun,1
1985 honda cr-x si : addictive,1
zone 8 : thank drive,1
ivan potapyev : top game,1
josh vega : cool,1
adam g : diver food,1
rik banik : great game !,1
zachary jensen : great game!,1
michael frazier : great game,1
craig pilling : top game,1
pawan jaiswal : great game,1
rubie galvan : cool,1
sharan aithal : must play.,1
jenny norrell : very adicting,1
valentina greinecker : nicee game!,1
ankit adhikary : awesome. fantastic.,1
065 k_manish kumar uike : awesome experience....,1
marbien mindanao : its good,1
shokina khatun : every good,1
cripe scranberry : great game,1
emily wymer : cool game,1
kenneth julian : preettty good,1
sam 1369 : cool,1
abel asayehegn : cool,1
rohan parab : cool,1
vibe check : free car.,1
g kymer : great game,1
matin alimohammadi : it's fine,1
jtg 3055 : it's fun,1
preeti chhanda pattnaik : nice graphics,1
mark edgar : its good,1
joshua joseph : awesome cool,1
pearse keown : great game,1
xiomara vega : great game,1
juan pablo arizabalo : freaking awesome,1
lorenzo brooks : great game,1
ricky blue : cool,1
rosemary mitchell : cool,1
cisco : alright,1
adam deakin : great game!,1
kristopher ramkissoon : great game!,1
joshua sunoj : addictive!!....awsome...,1
shady ashry : great game,1
spacebuzz : great game!!!,1
jowen yempermal : great apps,1
diego : cool.,1
trent schram : its cool,1
aditya khosasi : good graphics,1
a google user : extra ordinary,0
abou chanab big cheho : so beauty,1
joveski dame : intresting game,1
muhammad muqaddam : great game,1
john m : really good,1
axel cano : great game,1
samuel quint : incredible game,1
alvin sjl : beautiful graphics,1
jeremy lax : pretty good,1
jakub frtus : really nice,1
ashish dabhade : so addictive,1
aaa aaa : great game,1
lm : really fun,1
flame : very cool,1
sedhupathi p : cool graphics,1
char jon : great game,1
jason bartheyl : its great,1
f1 : its good,1
matin bahmani : cool yeah,1
westley dowling : its good,1
pilot rock : really fun,1
xxkillshotyxx nightmares : awsome game,1
lingo : cool game,1
akram amellal : cool,1
isaiah blackmon : cool,1
william philipp : cool,1
oldi kamberi : top,1
anderson reynoso : cool,1
g.o.o.d b.o.y : cool,1
click shop : its prefect,1
datis kavaei : this verygood,1
hamidreza kohmareh : thanx,1
muhammad fauzi dzulkifli : bethebest,1
connor adlington : great game,1
jordan hassen : great game,1
faris harish : pretty good,1
bizzie bee : great game,1
james brian : its good,1
aidan schroeder : addictive,1
dylan warren : cool,1
will m. : addictive,1
mr stone nacario : cool,1
alvin ginardi : very addicting!!,1
rafael rios : its ight,1
zul aiman - officials : optional,1
edin masic : great game!!!,1
raziul islam : awsome!!,1
amirreza afzali : addictive!!!,1
matthew dryagin : sick game,1
doobz salam : it's good,1
tomas moro lias : frustrating gameplay,1
akambi lawani : top,1
kevin mullins : is maith liom bainne,1
eka minz : nice graphic,1
canadiantwins : great game,1
joel cass : great game,1
josh wagner : really fun,1
akash gamecraft : best graphic,1
joshua walker : pretty awesome,1
aa 10 : great game,1
hu tao : great game,1
kamal bharat : its good,1
nicolas el deghel : its good,1
lucian koic : great game,1
taha pnarl : cool,1
spandan datta : addictive,1
qlapyz_ : cool,1
ian kumle : cool,1
surendra rowthu : the best,1
bajagic balsa : top,1
amirhosein beigi : the best,1
cyborgistic : challenging,1
george grimes : cool,1
ced ced : thrilling,1
y outh : addictive,1
scott m : whee!,1
crimsonkat 1149 : its ight,1
zane eichner : thanks yes,1
alex : no thanks,1
alex solo : game is really cool but this ads...,1
michael smith : super glitchy.,1
jumi no : great game!,1
adriel adnan : great game!!!,1
anthon coley : it's good,1
mahsin spy : out standing,1
soheil taeb : its good,1
justin rey casin : great game,1
suryansh jaiswal : cool game,1
spartan 1870 : great game,1
zac brittain : great game,1
matthew lister : really fun,1
rousterky : great game,1
rhomar d. cardinal : very cool,1
muhamed mujadinovic : great game,1
kay kay : good overall,1
harley cool : its good,1
bigboy : pretty good,1
zombie junkie : its cool,1
david : pretty good,1
kalia brackner : cool game,1
s5 boi : really fun,1
yago passos : really addictive,1
elite vids : great gameplay,1
mahmoud elkaffas : great game,1
johnchristian guerra : its good,1
mason nicholson : most best,1
forback : great game,1
ferry chandra : boring,1
ilie galit : adds everywhere :|,0
hieu nguyen : is incredible,1
edward ruiz : cool,1
bruno camodeca : cool,1
konstantin : cool,1
quentinn noel : addictive,1
gabriel zacchi : top,1
dayle wild : cool,1
abdullah rumaih : forced rating,1
jonathan moya : addicting!,1
zachary cope : twas ok,1
matti valikyla : forced ratings,1
tyrone biggums : it's ok,1
qimarjhai sykes : ite.,1
jimmy stefan : absolutly,1
5b muhamad nadjmi : great game!,1
farzam jahanbani : good graphic,1
ruan dippenaar : awsome game,1
keith nichole william nicomedez : nice graphics,1
koloina famenontsoa rakotoarisoa : pretty cool,1
julian galvan : great game,1
joseph mazzei : great gameplay,1
just freude : really nice,1
podjanee maklaiat : thatvwas fun,1
harman kataria : great game,1
zj : its nice,1
casper fecken : cool,1
gabriel kline bacolod : the best,1
febrian gilang isradityo : top,1
keyvisson fernando : cool,1
staceysliger : it's osom,1
muhd syahir : please update,1
affandy awid : tym wastin,1
shooters for mnl48 : hard controls,1
richard. a. garcia : it rocks.,1
bass & trap : what a very great headstart for a new game! this game is awesome! the voice acting is very cool too ,1
brandon crawford : the best,1
jack gangster : cool,1
nasz tablet : ikeep crashing,1
hans christian senora morales : very addictive!,1
harvenesh murugan : great game !!,1
naitik chauhan : cool game.,1
1m freefire : amazing graphics...,1
a google user : its good,1
rais : great game..,1
nirmala : great game,1
a google user : good graphics......,1
ramla ter : boring ....,1
eissel fandy : too punishing,1
flavor design : silly controling,1
uday kiran : pathetic controls,1
kabir : worst cotrol,1
mohammad rezaei : it's good,1
a google user : cool game,1
jackson billy : good graphic,1
vaibhav sharma : ok cool,1
sirsoapy : totally awesome,1
leon mena : great game,1
hyder rajput : cool game,1
isaiah ortega : great game,1
amir hossin mohammadi : yessss good,1
mohammad faghih : really good,1
enmanuel betances : great game,1
kenzy vaz : great game,1
jurgen van der wal : nice wheels,1
ben gamer : the best,1
babbooyy : great game,1
funny jokes : nice graphics,1
ivan rankovic : cool game,1
joshua zink : great game,1
djordjije pasic : great game,1
john walker : awesome graphics,1
mahendra gupt : its good,1
nugget : great game,1
azraff gamer47 : its good,1
arvin calonzo : great game,1
okay-d : great game,1
ghetto tanker : great game,1
pika bita : very addictive,1
enhanced monster : really fun,1
dilnajsingh rattanpal : its good,1
amin achanghan : very great,1
azri azsr : very addictive,1
bernand friendly : cool awesome,1
libby elliott : cool,1
sa restful & relaxing music : cool,1
kirito fujiwara : boring,1
joshua ogero : boring,1
sabaku_dz_ o : cool,1
ilia aziznezhad : cool,1
sivaram s k : addictive,1
ali khalilzadeh : top,1
atralan prakash : cool,1
a google user : cool,1
zhe zher : addictive,1
bala gyi : cool,1
aubz baxter : cool,1
alif imanindra : addictive,1
aq4 gaming : cool,1
susan njoki : the best,1
rehant thakuri : cool,1
hadrian mathias jung : cool,1
ajith kumar : addictive,1
tawsif imam : love this,1
regina sultanova : cool,1
amirhosein hakhaamanesh : love this,1
sayanty biswas : addictive,1
kyle oba : very addicting!!!,1
wickus meyer : ok ish,1
jugal mavani : new concept,1
allain taborlupa : rate you,1
vivek rawat : bhot hard,1
nemia evangelista : its coll,1
mika morton : #adiccting,1
behzad manoochehri : it's ok,1
a google user : 9o,1
dinesh n naik : inrcedible,1
grim plays : greatbgame,1
panara rohan : aweasom,1
giridhar jyothi : great game,1
leus sandico : cool game,1
malleswari koduru : this game my bestest game to me ever .the voice make me fill that my car is alive and we r the partners .but ...cars are very expensive,1
sumon mia : worst race game out there. could not control my car at all.,0
azy : i just love the game for it's photomodes and the photo can be used for contest and winner gets the paparazo role!,1
r r : tum to bade heavy driver ho !,1
a google user : good game .i will refer my friends those who are interested in car games,1
essam aljaroud : i uninstalled this game because of the unskippable ads. nice game though.,1
sumer rajpurohit : 3rd class game..... bhai koi controller pe dhyan do... speed tho kamm hoti hi nahi....kaise chalayega carr,1
rich chatfield : wow that sucked ass.,1
m.a2z : no real time multiplayer,1
omega : bad sensitivity possibly a little bit more faster?,1
daljeet singh : worst game,1
andreas cj : sick game,1
alomgir nahid : mb theft.,1
marie rountree : im really to be flip and go rachel rountree really go racing,1
rvince : something changed...,1
im tired : horrible controls smh,0
numayr imraan : great art,1
completedizasta : absolutely fantastic,1
mohammed golam mostafa : really good,1
2k brothers : wonderfull trailer,1
wassim sbai : cool game !!!,1
snehanjan roy : worst controls....................,0
anakha anil : good game and very adventurous,1
nikhil shah : bored!,1
armin mashhadi : boring,1
randomrazor'-' : cool!,1
manuel gomes : simply awesome,1
rafael correia : nice graphics.,1
a google user : #fool...................?,1
kindwalker : thats amazing,1
zzap : #crash,1
s g : bored.,1
abhishek dayal : its awesome.,1
rachna shaw : great game,1
abeni tesfu : its good,1
tuneboy : it's cool,1
jonas cross : was fun.,1
unni videos : its interesting .....,1
shaib ali : great game,1
a google user : it's good,1
sagar dey : worst game,1
thakur aman : difficult handling,1
ummay kulsum abbas : worst game,1
aaron pillay : horrible game,1
sushil stha : worst game,1
shock - : crappy game,1
i j andrzejuk : poop horible,1
technical cool show : worst app,1
rama : so boring,1
spextray : not interesting,1
trevor wernisch : huge scam,1
techno gamerz club fan : worst control,0
kaushik santra : worst control,0
lalit joshi : data theif,1
the legend : very boring,1
pranati bakshi : worst experience,1
ilija tesic : very boring,1
dayamoy maji : worst app,1
m tw : keep crashing,1
a google user : it's nice,1
snack mkhwanazi : cool,1
jarl balgruuf the greater : wava ra amis dedasheveci,1
dante nh : offline joyable!,1
max carson : great graphics,1
5uud5 : great graphics,1
santosh pakhare : cool,1
dheeraj c : totally awesome,1
renar ann catan : love the graphics,1
yng kng : challengingly fun,1
jamna meena : great timepass,1
john shaw : its awesome,1
razin ashraf : the best,1
gregory greathouse : great game,1
sailaj : so exciting,1
debarshi saharia : awesome graphics,1
affan kazi : cool game,1
asif hussain : very addictive,1
aryaman das : its lit,1
waqas khan : great game,1
ian jeff : its cool,1
shawn dsilva : its good,1
deep sahay : very addictive,1
sukanya reddy : its good,1
jonjon zimaron : great games,1
carolyn ross falls : too easy,1
naufal hi haidar : great game,1
mr. man : really fun,1
a skquecy : great game,1
daniel paulin : great game,1
love mishra : great game,1
shivam yadav : very interesting,1
ananda krishnan : its good,1
kalerwa kisuche paul : really fun,1
farhan np : cool game,1
martzilka : cool game,1
bemnet yonas : its awesome,1
doreen nafula : simply nice,1
conrivedthegamer 35 : great game,1
useless_ : pretty good,1
vertio : pretty good,1
nixan lal varghese : good app,1
irfan danish : great game,1
cosmas munasirenyi : great game,1
nacero smr dz : great game,1
andreas yenri : great game,1
redd schned : its cool,1
a google user : great game,1
google user : hard core,1
azari haynes : pretty good,1
alireza bayat : really good,1
arul falah : great game,1
surat jobs : good app,1
dursun ghanashray : great game,1
jarpan jain : very cool,1
pohan siddiqi : great game,1
jithin v : good app,1
mommy tips : its good,1
shanna jones : great game,1
nishchal kulshrestha : great game,1
ahmad azwar amaladi : good graphics,1
zhellozho sebastian : cool game,1
lorio : good graphics,1
kith_ kaizyt : pretty good,1
janlouis lacsamana : nice graphics,1
mm gaming bd : great game,1
asish b.k : great appp,1
kisan kank : wow fantastic,1
akinonarwhalestars- meow : great game,1
francisco c. caldas : really fun,1
tio tyrta : good graphic,1
ashish dhakate : good graphics,1
mohammed zaki : smooth controls,1
yavor : great game,1
dran k.o : great game,1
pure moon : really good,1
jeremy lacsamana : good experience,1
rafi ponnu : top ride,1
gabriel domenech : cool tricks,1
aas megasari : is so fun,1
mark wynne : boring,1
angela merici ecclesia : cool,1
sujit saha : cool,1
josh munro : this sucks!,1
livinus okwute : horrible,1
milky : boring,1
charlie redpath : boring,1
red right hand : boring,1
anmol dutta : boring,1
sikender saifi : boring,1
micah hartman : boring,1
nripesh kumar mishra vinayak : boring,1
moses shahid : boring,1
vandana nigam : horrible,1
alizma ! : boring,1
mich sal : crashes,1
jitto p v : boring,1
paul shepherdson : boring,1
sobs video : boring,1
reach x8 : boring,1
siddhant verlekar : boring,1
yuvraj singh anger : boring,1
wowgun1000 : boring,1
johny cash : horrible,1
gen amixt : boring,1
josemaria ofurum : cool,1
iyven moonesamwy : cool,1
sumna khalor : cool,1
gadel : cool,1
dribling mk : cool,1
zaya darhanbaatar : cool,1
hsc e 37 vivek prasad : easy,1
dustin ortiz : cool,1
ciprian marandici : cool,1
pablo rodriguez : cool,1
eduan goosen : cool,1
naithan drake : cool,1
yuki hotorou : relaxing,1
hayore 16 bit : cool,1
cubilo bilo : cool,1
sean sinanan : cool,1
gerald the gamer tv : coool,1
chumki barua : cool,1
ratna bhattacharya : cool,1
kota hladky : cool,1
iylin john : soothing,1
drive yagaming : cool,1
vijayaamalanathaan vijayaamalanathaan : cool,1
aj gaming tick mark illa : addictive,1
fernando silva : cool,1
munya tinashe : cool,1
kokoy d. salvan : the best,1
haha xd something : cool,1
loosed concepts : cool,1
adriactive playz : cool,1
somnath dandgal : cool,1
riley purdie : cool,1
qusai saaty : cool,1
digital knight : challenging,1
gomer somoza : cool,1
jijo hadj : it's fin,1
mathe andras : never again.,1
sharhad khurshid : it's ok,1
abolfazl soleimani : fireing,1
astronix plays : editor choice,1
bhakti powar : so swit,1
saee shamspour : thank you,1
ali r.b : its alright,1
gurwinder singh : duns sheffield,1
ab all buddy : wrost app,1
great guy : its ok,1
divakar kumar sharma : chor game,1
sinvula masule : its hard,1
rudra- trending-videos : wrost game,1
jahred sasing123 : its ok,1
leonel gonzalez : it alr,1
bad poetry : wicked game,1
vishal123 vishal : raser vishal,1
sohail saleem : downloading please,1
shyam kumar das : iot 8b,1
boboian : very original,1
tanvi kudke : its ossom,1
khan g : ghost bro,1
er wan : hard controls,1
sanjay kumar : limited gameplay,1
jacob tapp : very coel,1
shaik mohammad rafi : somewhat missing,1
lufu. : f ast,1
rajesh sharma : wrost game,1
shayari stun : need fpp,1
sibongakonkhe buhle : it sucks,1
ajith kumar : hard controls,1
mirata mokari : #exiting,1
t capri : fire,1
arumugam s : vinoth,1
jobito george : thabz,1
kishor vadher : it is,1
aaliyan yar khan : try it,1
santosh patil : as,1
a google user : harshadpandere,1
suman bera : owsome,1
divya murali : bore,1
dimitar doychev : it aigh,1
hazxn gadois : ight,1
biggie miggie22 : ight,1
ed perrine : finally,1
chander pal : chanderpal,1
dhanraj singh dhanraj singh : fire,1
neeta soni : veryverynicegame,1
manish bharti : worth,1
joseph cresswell : love it but we need split screen back! i used to love having a video on the top of my screen and this game on the bottom but the most recent update took away split screen!!! now i rarely play the game,0
zurmis ishere : ita a great and beautiful game. quick to understand,1
braedyn blachowski : such a time consuming game i started playing it an hour ago,1
liam : i've been playing this for a while and it's been my go to game for the last few weeks. however,0
thunzur : pretty fun gameplay,1
shreyas : it's a very great game. the graphics,1
deepak dawny : really good casual game. there are very few ads,1
baking artist : awesome game. very relaxing,1
vipin saini : game doesn't count some complete goals. for example one goal is to pickup hover feather. i have picked up hover feather 5-6 times but the goes doesn't count it as completed. besides this,0
jbs : unfortunately there's no ad free version,1
ali 13 : it's very entertaining and veeery addictive. good graphics,1
moein diarjani : the only mobile game that is on my essential phone apps list always. serves me more like a meditation tool rather just a game. entertaning and relaxing. and the best music and sound. we need more games like this.,1
ilaitia powell : i love this game its so peaceful and the music is relaxing. there will be ads but that only happens if you forgot to turn your data off or leave your wifi connected. i love the music in the endless version where you just keep going without no goats or points. just you and the music. whats the name of that music tho?,0
david strong : i love this game! it's so cool that you can just go down and up hills,1
fletcher moffett : this game is satisfying and relaxing but also energetic enough to be entertaining. highly recommend. it has mico transactions but most are just short cuts to what you'll get later for free.,1
kathryn parsley : after a week of loving this game,1
austin bosse : a few updates ago,1
charlotte jones : amazing! it is definitely fantastic for a mobile game. the attention to detail with the sounds and gameplay are phenomenal! great job noodlecake & snowman!,1
aistis : the game is fun but there could be some more content. also the night is way to dark. you must put your brightness to the max and it drains the battery.,1
cezar haim : this game is absolutely amazing the graphics are good. its basically beating your high score but as you continue there are some bugs.,1
d14_oficial : the nostalgia is real,1
momo letlhake : this is one of the most relaxing games i've ever played. it relieves stress easily too. highly recommend for those who want a simple yet adventurous game.,1
prathamesh khopade : i just saw this game on the categories so decided to give it a try,1
freeks : do you know this is the best game i've ever seen.this is not just a game this is something special it's graphics it's sound effects it's background music all are just amazing thanks to the devoloper for this masterpiece.,1
christian nash : i have played this for a while now and i love this game. the zen mode is just relaxing and the music is just calm and relaxing. best game like this i have ever played,1
omm narayan dehury : mind coll game. and it's graphics are so beautiful try it. i never play like this game it's so beautiful mind blowing.,1
just killed a woman feelin good : it's fun,1
matt nutting : this game is actually awesome. it's so relaxing to just listen to the rain as you fly down the mountain. very well done! (the sequel is equally as good!) my only issue is the feathers. they straight up just don't work half the time. i collect them,0
dr. izquierdo : pay for premium... again??? after update the game on march 9,0
jimmy p : loved the game till about level 30. the challenges are frustrating and take away from the relaxed gameplay,1
henry gregg : when you get into playing this you will realise how good it really is. there are plenty of goals to achieve dont spend your accumulated coins to pass goals you are struggling with as on level 30 something you need to spend 7000 on a suit. gameplay is excellent. several years later i've completed all the tasks. it is still an enjoyable frustrating game.,0
rita r : was an enjoyable game,1
danney az : simple and beautiful arcade game! please developers,1
lone readerlover : great game! outstanding visuals,1
a tea bag : hello there) this is so relaxing and entertaining game,1
ben the burger : i like the peacefulness of the music in it it would be really cool if they made it to where you could put your own music to the trac,1
thomas palmer : a super fun game. at first it might seem some what simple,1
itz_saty : if you are a type of guy who don't like games like cod or pubg,1
nishant mishra : i've never seen a game this simple that keeps me hooked to it. super beautiful graphics,1
sangeet borpuzari : in one word- perfect. this game has what it takes to be a proper game. from the outside it may feel like a normal game but the music and playstyle is what that flips the coin. the challenges,1
lea katrina : the flight suit button is half-obstructed by the camera teardrop on my phone,1
josh : a truly wonderful game to play in your free time or whenever. the game have relaxing music and nice ambient sounds. simple,1
catalin verman : great game! free,1
a google user : a sensationall masterpiece! very calming and relaxing and the soundtrack is wonderfull no adverts and no distractions 10/10,0
ralph laptop : stunning game,1
benjamin simpson : a well crafted,1
shannon berridge : so relaxing. i love the ambient sounds. headphones a must. great game to play winding down in bed before sleep. one tap controls are very easy,1
lokum candy : the game is beautiful overall,1
michaela wantland : beautiful game! played it for years. only suggestions i would make if possible would be to have a way to save your progress (some account or something) and for the music not to restart every time you mess up. after completing the entire game i accidentally uninstalled the app and lost everything. and it would be nice if the music would just pick up where it left off when you fell after starting again. if these things are addressed i will definitely give 5 stars. thanks for your hard work!,0
sarah macdonald : the game is excellent,1
john p : core game is fun. visually,1
matt anderson : i enjoy the hell out of this game,1
orlando lyons : the game itself is awesome. it's challenging and has characters that can be unlocked by playing. each character is unique and plays differently from the rest. the main problem i have is the ads. they don't show up often,0
nikola rakic : great game! actually both of the games in the series are great. it is so relaxing and it forces you to be creative by combining different types of stunts. i really enjoy it. there are a few bugs,1
hafsa murtaza : the graphics are lovely. i thought there was potential for more activities for the character to do though. because compared to alto's odyssey,0
ayushi patil : great game! the tasks can get a bit difficult but you eventually pass them. once you get the hang of the game it is quite addicting. the soundtrack is relaxing and i often play this game as a stress relief or whenever i can't sleep. the best part is the zen mode. it is a great way to practice your skills to help pass the adventure mode tasks. in many games coins are hard to earn but in alto's both games,1
thalia : this is a very well coded and structured game. the gameplay is smooth and absolotely fantasic,1
nate d : i absolutely love this game and its sequel. they're gorgeous to look at,1
orridicus40 : this game is a lot of fun! it's simple,1
cicada carpenter : i played this before playing the sequel alto's odyssey,1
zombekilleralt : let me start off by saying: this game is (very seriously) one of the best i've played,1
kalin armstrong : this game is amazing. i really enjoyed playing it a lot,1
jemima h : amazing. it's very difficult to come up with something that's actually negative about this game! past personal preferences and the rare bug,1
nasif quadir : really just an amazing game all around. the art and backgrounds are simple and well made. your movement through the snow banks is incredibly smooth,1
cimsoc cosmic : 11/10. beautiful and simple graphics,1
christian maher : i love this game. it's brilliant. 1 small little problem though. everytime i end the game,1
julia chandler : good game with nice sounds,1
dan tilley : very good game,1
kaydance alizzabeth : great game! super addictive and the graphics are gorgeous. my only complaint is that i have been getting this glitch that won't allow me to jump,0
don grose : good game concept but some design flaws. can't read challenge text at night,1
arriane jane : nice graphics,1
hanikhqn : it's nice! i totally understand the ads in between after dying,1
a google user : edit:2/3/2020 game crashes when logged into google play. had to uninstall as it nolonger works. the simplistic background,0
falanga alona : this game is one of the best i've played. especially zen mode. i've been struggling with depression and just the sound of nature and soft music in the background really helped. i just wish the endless mode had an option you could change the song in the background,1
sophie bell : it's a really fun game and is very well designed. however,1
joseph crane : good game,1
levi christopherson : a very calming time killer. if you want just a calm game to play when you're bored or when you're out and have no wifi,0
the game going : everything great but a bug continuously annoys me. okay we play the game. we get hit by the rock quite a few times. a points comes when alto doesn't jump over the rock no matter how many times you tap on the screen. it doesn't allow me to play further. so,0
mitchell quong : keep in mind i got this game when it was free but i have seen it as expensive as $19 on some platforms and i don't think it's worth that much. for $2 or less this is pretty great. its a super simple game with simple controls so easy to hop in and out of. the art design is what is really great about this game,1
a google user : this is one of the best games i've ever played,1
steven pugh : frustrating difficulty curve. my phone went dark on level 2 immediately after the tutorial and i couldn't see a thing even after turning up the brightness. thankfully night mode only lasted a few tries but seriously? that should have held off until at least level 5 (or give us a flashlight in the beginning to see rocks until the battery dies on future levels). i liked the concept of night but it was too hard to do anything and at such a low level it arrived too early in the game before i had a chance to try things on my own without the tutorial guardrails.,0
brian griffith : game is excellent,1
morgan williams : another great game like alto's odyssey. a couple of things are better - i like the llamas,1
indra farizal : i found a bug where when it crashes and starts again,1
alex pellegrino : great game,1
fredrik johansson : fun and simple to understand,1
cocoa and consternation : it just doesn't really add anything to the series. still goregeous! but it isnt a good sequel. has less mechanics than the first one,1
colby brasher : used to be a good game,1
summer paris : beautiful graphics,1
doody tco : hey i have a problem with one of the tasks level 55,0
stanislav sultanov : great game! minus one star just because of some bugs i see occasionally: 1. usually,1
a google user : i love both this game as well as alto's odyssey. the entire feel of these games are very relaxing and the simplicity of the gameplay plays very well the soothing music,1
polar bear : really good. i like the gameplay,1
omkar sawardekar : great animations and soothing music while playing! it is a endless snowboarding game with soothing music and beautiful landscapes with perfect sound effects. we can choose various characters with special ability for each. they can be unlocked by completing the levels. relaxing music in adventure as well as in zen mode. easy controls and simple gameplay. great work team alto!,0
vincent chase : i've had this game for a while now and it is still my favourite. its very calm and the music makes me want to go on an adventure. it's a greatway to unwind. it's also accessible to people like me with mobility issues because its only one button to play the whole game no difficult controls. also i just found out that if you swipe left on the homescreen you can access zen mode where you don't have to restart if you crash.,0
logan hughes : great game. really relaxing. i like each of the characters a lot,1
parker :o : i always install this,1
shadow killer : one of the most wholesome games out there. just a good little game to pass the time with,1
snake cute : this game is truly amazing. the graphics are amazing and there have been plenty of moments when i've had to pause to do something and i pause on an amazing skyscape that i can't help but screenshot. personally,0
n-word jim : i absolutely adore this game. is is just so relaxing and when you land a double backflip onto a stone bounce off and do another backflip it feels amazing. this and it's brother,1
rayz playz : this game is absolutely beautiful and the overall art style and gameplay is just phenomenal,1
william moyle : this game was legit one of my favorites. it really helped me unwind. i opened it today to find its swarmed with ads. i get that games need to make money and i don't mind a few here and there,1
bryan altea : so beautiful. simple,1
seth m : looks great,1
niaaa__ : this game is seriously fun! it is so exciting to play. it is also very aesthetic and calm. the way the background changes following the time (morning,1
adwitiya sarkar : this and alto's odyssey are by far the best games i've ever played. beautiful graphics,1
amelia elms : this game is awesome and fun.the music is relaxing too. i didn't rate this 5 stars because,1
ageofconner : lack of depth to the game. overall not terrible for a couple minutes of relaxing.,1
jacob hartong : amazing game! everything about it is great. the music,1
nahome tesfay : great game. the graphics are amazing. particularly sunrise and sunset. the game play is more engaging than you'd expect considering how sparse the controls are. the characters are also well made (well i can't speak to the elder because i haven't unlocked them yet). each one has strengths and weaknesses and none of them are useless,0
jonathan mak : this is the sort of chill mobile game that i've been looking for. non of this constant progressing/daily grind that other game sells. a real pick up & put down game that you play at your own pace. minimal ads - but i loved it so much that i gave my support. feedback to dev: - sometimes does bug out where i can't jump from the start,1
cindy hua : it's a fun game but i wish there was an option that only allowed day time because the game uses my battery quite quickly so i use a low brightness setting but then it's almost impossible to see the the rocks. i don't have a great phone so even at its maximum brightness it's quite hard to see. also,0
derick a : graphics and music is incredible. my only gripe is that you need to generate a lot of speed to get over some of the canyons,1
ryan merrill : disappointing,1
saksham bhadauria : best minimalist game ever with most soothing,1
latex_lego : the game is okay. it's a fun,1
livinlifetothefullest : an absolutely great game,1
google user : right when i pressed the game to play for the first time i hear beautiful music. im all excited to finally try this then....... a pop up shows up so i couldn't see the cool start of the game that takes you to the menu. i exited out and went back in and it wasn't there. my guess is it was an ad. this game isn't for me. noodlecake makes some rad games though.,1
bofflesocks : amazing. it's fun,1
prince nwegbu : awesome. graphics are spot on. this game really tries to make the adventure a good experience. its not your typical sunway surfers,1
moosh : this game is... ok. the sound effects and music are very in your face,1
michelle martos : it's been my favorite game for 3 years. i installed it when i was 12 and couldn't stop playing until i unlocked every character,0
nischay karthick : i normally don't leave reviews for any games but this game... it's just marvellous. the graphics,1
fleter marius : the game has nice graphic and music. but if you play it long enough you will keep finding bugs in it that do not make sense. also the ads are fine at the end of the run,0
jason brumfield : game design and artwork is pretty well done. the major gripe i have is that its over simplistic gameplay,1
brian : it's not an adventure. it's a simple scrolling game and gets old fairly quickly. music gets annoying on 2nd play (but can be turned off). everything is too small and fast to be played on any cell phone. gives me a headache trying to see it. even more annoying when it turns dark in the game.,0
ian corrigan : super fun play,1
bishal nandi : very very exciting n interesting game. the controls is difficult to master at first but with practice it grows more and more exciting. the way alto travels with immersive skills and collect couns is really fabulous. weather is dynamic and music is cool. one thing that the scenes could be more 3d type rather than 2d. but the overall gameplay is cool. hoping for later updates in future.,1
martin ford : really liked it at first,1
f2_25_atrij paul : the game is good but at times the whole frame is vibrating which definitely is not a good experience,1
dragon immunity : algeria adventure is a good game and had soothing music but sometimes my game crashes for no particular reason,1
taetae johnson : the jump button doesn't work sometimes,0
darrell till : excellent game. i wrongly dismissed this some years ago as a boring clone of ski safari,1
chrismegusta : this might be the best game in the store. easy to play,1
jony storm : love this game with my heart,1
squishy : this game is one of those games that you can really just enjoy every time you play it. the visuals,1
rahul kumar : game is amazing because of the stunning sceneries,1
leigh harris : very fluid game to play and light on the ads. visually very very good and very playable. the only addition i would like to see is maybe a credits roll,1
cyler walker : this game is extremely straight forward you hold you finger down and you flip or jump. would not suggest.,1
benjamin chen : overall the gameplay is great and the minimalistic art style is awesome. personally i haven't had any problems with ads and the game runs super smooth. only problem is that after doing every goal,0
citty kat : this game is beautiful. i love it i love it i love it. the graphics? stunning. designs? amazing. sounds are also v nice. i haven't played in a while (esp since uni started),1
kalesh true with egret rtjekje : very fun and the visuals are very nice it's not over complicated.,1
amelia lol : this is a great game. it's so simplistic and calming,1
emma lowry : both games this one and more recent one are both great however after playing both i prefer this one as i like the music more and also how much animation goes into the llamas with the colours and the details like sliding down the hill its very cool also both games have a theme they keep to and characters that can be unlocked are the same so gameplay is quite similar and simple between games overall very good (also not many ads for a mobile games) if you want to compare install alto's odysey!,0
timothy oliver : overall a very fun and relaxing game that isn't overrun with ads like what many of the other "free to play games" are like. the micro-transcations are pretty reasonable in this game,1
crazy keith : the game is so amazing and everything about it gives me the same cool vibe plus i got from playing geometry dash plus more. the only problem i have is that every time i crash my board and try to go again it forces me into my internet tab for something,0
koleman knapp : 'added after original reveiw' a feature that would be amazing would be a stats board:),0
morse code : game is very well designed. really love the zen mode.,1
ta meta ta fisika : good graphic,1
ro ro ro your boat : lol,1
family tab : what a beautiful game wonderful locations surfing in nature marvellous experience thank-you i keep on playing,1
move to the rythem of life : i had a better review,1
h h : good graphics but the handling is awful,1
gaetano settineri : great game,1
evelyn stout : i love this game! the visuals are amazing,1
ricky mills : it's a very pleasant and satisfying game to play,1
lysified - luca gerda laszlo : this game is all kinds of chill combined together in a small,1
hacker phoenix : genuinely,1
mayank pandey : neat and intuitive game,1
sweetiguess : a relaxing and challenging game... i can play for hours and hours without becoming bored.. my top feature is the offline play... being able to play without a connection has saved me more than once... also the aesthetic is absolutely stunning... a++++ to the whole design team... great game. 100% recommend to all mobile gamers (of all age and skill level),1
mylilpwnies : i've thoroughly enjoyed playing. the aesthetic of the back/mid ground and the music just click really well. the day/night and weather shifting is a nifty touch. that said i can't play during the day irl unless the game is also day time because it is so dark at night and the glare of the sun make it impossible to see and there's no way to improve it. also there's not much explanation about what the llamas do other than 'earn points' for unexplained reason. the ads are instantly skippable.,0
che gorilla : a pretty good game with some noteworthy flaws. day and night cycles are nice but make it near impossible to avoid rock obstacles when you pick up speed (sometimes they're even covered by trees in the foreground). later you unlock a character with a wingsuit challenge,0
thecharbeeclub : amazing game with amazing and relaxing sound effects and visuals. i have,1
bryan brooks : love the game. would give it 5 stars but it has a glitch where every so often it just stops registering your taps to jump. still allows you to pause and start again but won't jump. it gets really annoying having to close and restart the game.,0
hasanga imesh : i played this game when it came out for ios about 6 years back. it was a blast! loved it played hours and hours of it. unlocked all the characters and completed all goals until none left. installed it yesterday to have some fun but now it's not even worth the hassle of installing. evertime i fall they try to force an ad down my throat,1
syafiq rosnon : love the game. different than other running games. cool visual and soundtrack. however,1
sethu gokul : this game is not good. more irritating me .wingsuit is most important in the game but its can not be activate dont play this waste game,1
pizza heaven : super fun and esey so time consuming and the perfect game for eney age.,1
jack whitley : single click game. very nice visuals. i like it.,1
lwandle siyabonga : wow this game is amazing the graphics are are the best.the music is relaxing.this game is a must have,1
rana hassan- 19psb439 : you're just going on your skiing ride,1
nameless : it is a very good game,1
akash george : it's one of those few mobile games you can play after you've switched off your brain and play with a zen mode or you can actually do the missions and finish the objectives to unlock new characters. the art design is minimalist style but has a calming and ominous feeling to it. the music this game comes with is absolutely fitting with the gameplay. after i finish this game,0
lev tokol : really good game,1
kigongo francis : wow... this is a nice adventure game with a very good graphics and background music which can help you to relax however some of the tasks are very difficult to accomplish and sometimes you complete them by chance. i thank the developers for the great job done.,1
elbio : edit: doh! didn't realize i could buy an ad free version,1
da'larial ashley-clark : this is one of the good offline pastime games that i look for. but i think,1
gareth schultz : simple,1
jon moore : great game,1
priyabrata deb : from me!!! i can't describe this game.. it is really awesome,1
chester : very relaxing without being boring. the background song is one of my favorite mobile game songs period,0
nick shea : decent but super annoying. it's really hard and sometimes impossible to see the rocks,1
abhay : nice one game i like that music and those weathers that's feeling so good!,1
david lee : it's a nice game with the minimum control requirement. i like the music and the graphics. also the option to make an ads free by purchasing is the main reason i'm posting this game. in alto's odyssey thier is no purchasing option to completely kill the ads,0
ty andrews : the game is fun and i love the art. it's so beautiful. the only problem i have with it immediately is the nighttime background colors are too similar and they blend into each other. it strains my eyes and makes it really difficult to see obstacles,0
maezheillyn bernal : relaxing!i was a bit hesitant at first to even download it,1
azzie mimi : it's a great game,1
streamer b.t.w : i've played this game for 3 years straight. graphics are literally butter; or just very smoothe. i prefer this one then the original,1
emma perry : it's so beuatiful,1
mr bunni : it's really fun and all but here are the things i find really unfair; 1. rocks at the edge or bottoms of cliffs. 2. rocks at the beggining of ramps. it's really frustrating to have to jump over,1
j. kaire : this game is absolutely beautiful in terms of both art style,1
priya kaur : it's a wonderful game.. the game is relaxing and it's easy to level up. the graphics are mind blowing,1
kathy johnson : the game forces you into a specific style of gameplay leaving no room for the player to choose their own method of getting down the mountain. try a slower control based style of gameplay? prepare for a man on a llama that can trot faster than you can snowboard down the mountain side. attempt a jump/backflip heavy gamestyle? get ready to fall down a massive gourge since you didn't mantain your speed well enough. whenever you attempt to simply enjoy the mechanics of alto's adventure the game punishes you for it. i admit the game concept had merit,1
meta xylene : humanity needs more games like this. simple concept but with each passing level,1
ashley earle : i absolutely love this game!! i always play it when i need to chill or just have some downtime. i personally play zen mode because i just need to go and well zen lol and the fact that this game offers a mode that i can do that in a so nice. i also love the music. it is so relaxing and i often fall asleep to just the music. i don't even have to mention the beautiful art that this game has. i have taken so many screenshots when i pause!!! overall,0
didier c. : i like the game,1
ejaz shaikh : hey it's amazing game. i had a small feature which i think can make the game more amazing. you can add an online feature through which friends can do skiing in the game with each other. which i think will make the game more likable.,1
jaden may : relaxing,1
virajith perera : absolutely chill and brilliant. this is the only game i played this far. 1. visuals are brilliant. sun rise,1
alolim : good game and i enjoy it,1
zaar valathin : beautiful art style,1
glen jay madenancil : it's a very fun game. it's minimalist background and the whole concept is simply relaxing. this game literally is something i could say that is healthy to play with but of course with not too much exposure to mobile phones. it's background music,1
austin routt : i am not a big fan of mobile gaming,1
abdullah ahmed : awesome graphics,1
sarah allison : this game is entertaining! it provides for a very relaxed experience with beautiful visuals. it plays calm music and even provides a free mode where you can just snowboard forever on the smooth terrain. you can play it anywhere without internet and almost ad free! this game is very unique even including a photo mode to show off your cool tricks!,1
amari lockett : alto's adventure is a great game for 6-12 years. the game is really fun because you get to runaway from elders (that's what they're called in the game) and get points for doing tricks on your snowboard.,1
:c :d : wish there was more music. there's like this bug when you tap too early and the controls stop working and you have to go out of the game to fix it. for those complaining about ads,0
archer elms : i love this game. it's amazing and i recommend it to everyone. but every now and then the physics is still a bit wonky. also,1
shade_takeshi : i love this game,1
gonckzilla : controller support seems to be broken,1
the thinker : overall a very great game love the design love music soundtrack stuff that i found wrong with is that there are time when the character can't jump. it has also left the music on after i turned it off and when i turn off my phone and turn it back on the screen is blurred but overall it is a very well done game,0
chloe seaman : i cannot even begin to tell you how great this game is! ever since i playing it on an iphone at the verizon store,1
shahidur rahman : very good app. you can pass lots of time by playing it,1
timothy j. holloway : this app is too glitchy. when i tapped to play again,1
fabian garcia : okay so i play with the music volume turned all the way down and it's soooo calming and it's a great game to play if you just wanna pass time or if you wanna get into a long session. 10/10 amazing gameplay,0
conlaed o cearbhallain : beautiful game,1
baloncesto : a game so pretty i could look at it forever. alto's adventure is a platforming game that have you skating down an enormous mountain while doing flips to make your scarf longer and collecting lamas. the game is breathtakingly butiful with a background that changes the longer you have played rewarding you for your patience with a majestic sunset. the gameplay is fun but not very creative or diverse. you continually do the same thing and the quests aren't rewarding at all. a game like a painting.,1
neill grieve : love the beauty and simplicity of the game design. wonderful visual experience. but,1
brian tompkins : the game itself is well crafted and i am a fan of minimalist anything,1
kunal sahni : love this game!!!! but i want to tell u guys there's a bug at level 41.... felipe is unlocked nd i've done 2 missions with it. but after having one run nd when i click on play again the game crashes. also when i restart the game,0
agna thalakkal : it's like a really good game. mostly similar to alto's odyssey. it's very addictive and and although it has similar concepts to other games,1
silver gesbert : this game is unchallenging compared to its followup and there is little content compared to that too,1
tony lego-master : this game was great and very enjoyable,1
alex thirkell : adverts seem more frequent and more intrusive (lots of loud casino ads for example). with so much paid stuff constantly offered within this old game,1
minhaj ahmed : game is not relaxing. it is quite stressful and can also be difficult. you can easily crash on to rocks or fall off mountains and in to chasms. also,1
tara locke : this is honestly one of my favourite mobile games!! it's very pretty and relaxing to play. my only issue is that on the pixel 6,1
mr. g : don't believe the 5 star ratings hyping it up. this is an extremely basic game where you just keep repeating the same tasks level after level. bored of it by level 3. graphics are a let down and character is about as controllable as a wet carboard box. uninstalled!,0
salmaa's thoughts : the best game to relax to. it isn't the type of game you play to win but rather to enjoy. super chill,1
emmanuel odiowa : the game is fabulous but my problem is that,1
matthew west : i would give this a higher score but the premium upgrade i'd paid for appears to have disappeared and i am now required to pay again. seems quite suspicious. not sure i could recommend this game again. i wrote for an explanation and could quite possibly change my rating.,0
asad farraj : this game is so relaxing. the music too,1
lily tissot : this is honestly one of the best mobile games i've ever played. the art and scenery are breathtaking,1
sandra wong : all right it deserves best iphone game award it gets depressing when you fail over and over but the phrases help with the pain,1
casey roller : just like alto's odyssey which i love with better visuals and one major downgrade,1
life's a shade of gray : one of the most pleasing arcade games i have played. the visuals are so relaxing in this game it will relieve you off all stress. especially if you play this after returning home from your work.,0
jameson scott : great game. one thing i would change is the jump control. i would much prefer hold to crouch and release to jump. also have hold duration determine the magnitude of the jump,1
steve gentry : much like the first adventure,1
nick m : i'm having such an amazing time playing this. one subtle idea for the zen mode,1
daniel cristian : after playing many hours this game,1
andrei picus : gorgeous and relaxing game especially with zen mode where you can't die. i wish some game play elements would be better explained like the elders and the power ups. the ads get annoying after a time and they play after every level,0
mmm,1
lupus lupusovic : while the game is beautifully designed in both terms of looks and gameplay,1
radhe sanskriti atray : it's very nice game and i have a great experience in it i love this came and also it has a feature that if they are in the online mode we can just turn off the data and play the game in offline mode it also works very smoothly even offline. plus the view and the background music is so relaxing and soothing that we just leave everything annoying it is a great and cool game all should download it.,0
annie : really nice looking game but the fact that you can't turn off that nighttime happens is so annoying. can't see the rocks to jump over! also takes a while to start back up again (click this,0
yn sindhuja : the game fx,1
vapete 123 : this is a great game .. it would be 100% better if the screen didn't blur between levels and i ended up losing over 600 coins by having to reset the level .. this had happened on multiple occasions and is the reason why i'm sceptical about purchasing the second title in the series .. glitch games don't bode well with me !!,0
reyaashri suresh : ads are very common in games ,1
see ya : gorgeous atmosphere. the music is soothing and swells at just the right moment when the character is soaring through the air. i love the calming vibe of it all. taking pictures in zen mode is fun,0
imdiyas ahamed : fantastic sound design,1
j k : most addicting game ever!! once i started playing,1
a google user : a very fantastic app,1
dakota whitford : this app is just amazing! the gameplay is simple to understand but not boring,1
rajdeep deb : really simple game but an awesome experience,1
nunya business : this is an amazing game,1
g. w. : i love this game! to some people it might get kinda boring after a while. but for me it's just very peaceful,0
tom4x : very relaxing and soundtrack too amazing,1
john mercado : i have been playing this since 2017 but i am still mesmerized by the minimalistic but gorgeous visuals and the peaceful music. overall the game is a 10/10. the graphics,1
jeffrey clement : this game used to be great. now it's filled with ads.,1
chitra iyer : i've played everytime,1
hope armstrong_ : way too many ads. because the game is hard,0
bobby v : it's true,1
ognjen nedeljov : and thats how the game for phones are made. its not pay to play. you got stuff to buy,1
sean wang : alto does exactly what it set out to do: serve up a minimalistic core game loop with a distinct and atmospheric presentation,1
hugo van der merwe : it costs 2.10 chf to disable ads in switzerland. i'd feel happier at 1 chf,1
jason mills : i genuinely love this game. it's simple and beautiful. however my experience with ads has been unacceptable. it seems like even a single accidental click installs something i'm not interested in having. i understand the need for games to make money from ads. however that should not mean a wrong tap downloads garbage.,0
din mamma : it's calm and beautiful but still exciting and fast enough for adrenaline! very nice! it has a game mode called "zen mode" which is very calming since it removes the adrenaline game mechanisms. the music is good but sadly i do not use my phone speaker because it's annoying on trains or local places so i do not know much about it,0
adrija dey : beautiful this is such an amazing game with spot on aesthetic graphics and with the music this game is just mind blowing and not to forget the zen mode,0
lee : great game but be warned about this developer. they routinely add ad heavy features later on once they've gotten purchases from people for extras. before i got the coin doubler there were few ads. now if you want to revive without spending coin you have to endure a 45 second interactive advertisement. filipe is broken - sometimes landing flat on surfaces = crash. last 75,0
michael meroney : fun but too many ads.,1
jakob degen : loved this game when i played it on my samsung a3 or s9. went back to it just recently now having an s10 and the amount of bugs and glitches is uncountable. feather sometimes doesn't work,0
a k : this game is fin to play in the car!very good quality game!,1
samir alam : the graphics is realistic.,1
ghostpuppolter : addictive and very fair,1
noviian : good graphics,1
logan rapp : a lot of the problems in odyssey aren't in this game,1
boyana mecheva : this used to be one of my favourite games. so calm,1
aaron quigley : i was really hoping that this new version of the alto game was going to fix the crappy things with the first version. sadly,1
muhammad essam : an amazing game,1
christian lewis : amazing game. i can't stop playing it. the devs crammed in a surprising amount of depth for a game that essentially uses one button. music and visuals are on point as well. turning off the ads is only two bucks,1
aditya yadav : loving the experience..... i don't know for how much long i have been playing ... the music ,0
mohammed rouijel : that was the best game in term of gameplay and graphism,1
joost kleerebezem : so the game is really fun and i am enjoying it. however,1
riley c : this game is beautifully designed,1
existence is pain and i am screaming : fantastic. i have adhd,1
mitchell cusimano : beautiful music track,1
fatin_bunbun's : someone help me!!! i do really addicted on this game i do install it just now and played it,1
steve unfred : very much a case of style over substance. tiny objects you need to jump over are masked by a constant stream of trees and other background decorations. it's better about it than alto's odyssey,1
mark erickson : while yes it is calming and soothing to play...for the most part. it's not all that. zen mode is nice and all bit most gamers want a challenge. this is a collecting gems kind of game. sound track is great. game play is cool,0
jess dawn : this game and the other (alto's odyssey ) are the best. while others play candy crush i played these. i really recommend it. and if they could bring new characters and tricks (more than back flip only) that would be great.,1
gio : i really like this game,1
angela grigoroaia : the latest update has expanded the rendered image causing part of the (useful) view to be hidden behind the pixel 3xl's notch. it's also made accidental touches next to the edge of the screen extremely easy. the game is pretty much unplayable on this phone now which is quite a pity.,0
lurch logan : absolutely stunningly beautiful game. a piece of art in video game form and easy to maneuver. though the different obstacles & beautiful scenery coming at me at such a fast pace made me dizzy & semi nauseous. it's sad because i really could've delved into this game for hours on end. the music is relaxing as well. keep doing what you're doing noodlecake studios!! 5/5,1
franz alex gaisie-essilfie : great game but the overabundance of ads takes away from the fun. i get it that the developers have to get some money for the excellent work done but showing an ad after every second or third game is too much. i'd have given 5 stars but for the numerous ads.,0
greg sleigh : this game is aesthetically amazing,1
august sideways 8 : imo izel and paz need to be balanced out a little bit,1
justin wright : after playing this game for a few weeks i have to say i expected a bit more.unlike the previous version of this game alto's oddydsey i think the pace is much faster,1
nadine bruno : another beautiful adventure with alto & friends,1
miles johnson : there is a bug at level 55 that states pick up a coin magnet 4 times in one run. i have had runs where i have collected at least twice that in one run but it will never finish the mission. hope to see a fix,0
frank aakvik : nice game. i feel cheated through,1
shandre janse van rensburg : i really enjoy this game. it got me hooked. but i'm at that stage where you have to smash 2 rocks with one boost,1
dog in a scarf : i really love this game it can help you go through boredom,1
patrick al khoury : this game is amazingly fun and relaxing. the music the scenery the birds the time and weather change. wow it gets you into the game in seconds,1
d. travis north : crashing with google play. if i sign into google play,1
kamaniya m. : this game is a damn good and relaxing game. smooth graphics and enchanting music makes it very awesome. however,1
moran senyor : while playing,1
francis opena : overall the game is very calming to play. the controls are pretty simple,0
disamorforming : the atmosphere of this game is all about taking a step back and relaxing,1
amy chandler : i love the game and all the graphics! i love the fact that the time changes and the weather! it's really fun but in my opinion there's to many adds but i turn my data off. i really hate the fact that once i die the next try i can't jump anymore the is why i put two stars. i'm starting to think the reason why is because my phone's a android. :(,0
rebel childress : it's fun and all but sometime thete is no way to get away from the elder and he just stops you. you don't get to keep your speed so it ends up to be a choppy experience,1
casually relyt : i'm sure that you guys won't ever read this,1
jonathan lalhmangaihzuala : been over 3 years since i picked this game up and i'm yet to find a game i love half as much. i almost cried when i finished all the levels. there's something absolutely magical about this game,1
casey s. : just discovered that this game has a zen mode,1
philip : the ads ruin it! clicking x still opens the ads!!! fix it! the game itself is nice and fun,0
thomas symes : watching others play this game i was intrigued,1
farhath hajra : a big fan of the game,1
liam williams : quite satisfying. i feel like i'm too easily interrupted by a crash. i wish there was a continue mode,1
paul tony : first of all thanking the developers for providing this game free on android. i love the gameplay and each character has special characters. the levels are very interesting but i recommend to add more obstacles on the way so that it would be more interesting.,1
nonlinear dragon : ads have become very much more aggressive. if i'd loved this game already through longer ues,1
philip shields : a great game at first,1
cute nightmare : the most relaxing game i have ever played to be honest the music,1
esmi : i loved this game it's fluidity,1
mohammed mustafa : this was by far the very bestest game i ever played on android. some of the tweaks i want you to add is; make that bunting grinding sound a bit softer and more pleasant. i also think there should be an option in the zen mode to lock a custom weather and time of the day... please make these changes as this is the only game i like on android... * new edit: i would like you to make a cityscape game... i'd really like it!,0
brendan keegan : pretty good game. just to kill the time and have some fun. good thing is: not a lot of ads at all. it doesn't have much glitch or lag either,0
gabe leme : i just love this game so much i cannot explain it. it's so calming! its visuals are simply the best. i prefer to play on zen mode the best bcs it's sooo pretty; like when it's night and it has shooting stars,1
kerry kaverga : since the last update the game is behaving funny. the graphics are actually shaking or freezing for a split of a set,1
ankur singh : the only problem i have is that there are just too many rocks in the zen mode after the first couple of minutes. which is very irritating. either program it to reduce or provide an option to eliminate them completely for the zen mode. overall amazing.,0
happiestgamer226 : though it's fun at times and super creative,1
latisya azara : ngl i felt frustrated the first few times i play this game cz i keep dying.. but then i discovered zen mode and after i had some good practice it's actually fun.. not to mention how relaxing it became to play on zen mode with the music and i love how everything went slowmo everytime i backflip over a chasm it's amazing and i cant stop smiling everytime that happens.. i do have a complaint however about how some rocks are just impossible to see esp during nighttime but overall i recommend.,0
iceofphoenix88 : where can you go wrong with alto? zen mode is relaxing,1
trope adope : awesome game that's definitely worth putting time into. only one thing that needs improvement; there's a bug that pops up every now and again that stops you from jumping. it'll carry over to the next run but if you leave the game and come back it'll be gone.,0
activate designs : whilst the game may be fun and provide a small challenge... the amount of ad's that are repeatedly served (5-15 second ad's every couple minutes) completely breaks the flow of the game. it makes it hard to recommend the game because of this. yes the option of buying 'the premium experience' is present,1
ishan scjijfhd : the aesthetics of this game is just chef's kiss,1
goldenfoxy523 : a nice calm game when you have nothing to do or your just feeling down. beautiful 10/10 graphics and the controls are as smooth as possible. the music is natural beautiful and calming and the sfx has a really realistic natural feel. this is one of the most calming games i have ever played.,0
pizza steve : very relaxing and simple,1
miadraws things : i really love this game. the regular gameplay is super fun,1
psylent rage : brilliant game if you just want to relax,1
lorelei zech : wow i'm speechless this game is amazing i really recommend you try it. the music made me so calm down and the feeling of being free overwhelmed my body it was amazing i love the game i recommend you try it too because it is fun game the graphics are amazing though at night time you cannot see very well so you end up running into rocks but i love that you can stop chasing the llamas and just play free. this game is amazing try it it's awesome if there was 10 stars i'd definitely give it that.,1
narsis tatalia : simply lovely. i did experience a bug where sometimes the jump function doesn't work as expected and i have to restart application to play perfectly again. please fix but otherwise awesome game! definitely recommended to to other players!,0
michelle arzul : edit: game now crashes on launch. i tried clearing data,1
makanaka abushama : it is really entertaining and fun to play,1
hannah pfaff : i love this game! the visuals are stunning,1
blah blah creations official : great app,1
yan qo : i'm in love with this game it's completely my type of games but there's an issue i've faced almost every time i played the game...an ad's music starts playing in the background without seeing any ad and it happens while playing. i don't know if it's a bug or just my phone but i only have this problem with alto,0
tja 3209 : the game is awesome and is really relaxing,1
justin klima : it was great,1
darknyan gaming : i've just come back from pc because i wanted to try out some apps,1
jonathan peterson : i love this game. i got it on a whim one day since i was going on a long trip,1
jawad rashid : the game is good but the frequency of ads is too high. sometimes i keep getting after every couple of runs which is too annoying. if they decide to change that then i will install the game again but for now a bad experience for a potential good game.,0
courtney klaft : 5 stars is not enough. its amazing and challenging in a good way its one of those games that doesnt get so impossibly hard that you hate it but is just difficult enough to keep you from walking away. the graphics and game play are phenomenal and just what i was looking for. thank you so much. :d,1
johannes muller : alto's winter wonder world is beautiful and versatile. the graphics looks natural even it's design is minimalistic. i have only some improvements i would consider to implement. reduce the main menu and make the optimal track more visible with coins.,0
digitalnaf : great. simple and fun to play. i find it relaxing. the look,1
joel del conte : this was an amazing game. it has good graphic,1
jason munoz : pros: delightful graphics/ weather and time changing during the run/ great music/ no intrusive ads/ simple and easy. cons: obstacles are beautifully camouflaged into the scenes very hard to find it,1
pen life : this game is the true meaning of stress killing.. everything,1
eric patterson : great art direction and graphics. my biggest gripe is with the controls. it feels disconnected from the character and i wish you had more control over your movement other than pressing on the screen.,0
hippro : for some reason sometimes when i try to tap to flip the game doesn't register it so i die then afterwards of me lasting 6 seconds i watch a 15 second ad,0
elias hirst : i have anxiety and depression. i downloaded this game to help me relax and it works,1
laurence fenix : good things 1. great game,1
galuh fadilla rizaldi : so smooth. you guys should make another version that has no obstacle. so people can just watch it until they fall asleep. me personally enjoyed watch and play alto when i'm bored. but i quit the game when i hit the obstacle. i play this to relax,0
a google user : one of my favourite games of all time. this is my second time playing this game. i would love to give 5 stars but recently encountered a bug in which i picked up hover feathers but they didn't have any effect. and it didn't count as completing the goal which is 'pick up a hover feather'.,0
elitefourdave aman : this game is so perfect its so relaxing and addictive but i have only one problem in my device its a bit laggy and i cant jump even when im pressing the screen i think this is a bug can you guys fix it and one last thing i can suggest in the game is to make the weathers adjustable so that we can choose the weather we want to be in the backround without changing,0
shubhankar aphale : i could have given more stars but when i opt to watch the ads and after they end when i click the cross in the left corner ..sometimes it suddenly restarts the game ..meaning if i am watching the ad to revive i end up getting lost.. something really should be done about it ..rest is fine,0
kaia harrison : this game is amazing,1
v -a : after a long tiring day,1
carnival : the game is good. ads don't trouble those who play zen or switch to aeroplane mode. the one thing that screws this particular game awfully and annoys every time is when you slide at max speed,0
avdhoot gole : the game is great ! but i have a problem . since i changed my phone i took this game once again (and on the first phone progress was saved by google play games) and then when i completed tutorial and went to sign in on my acc in settings it signed in ; but all my progress was lost.,0
joel jed edemekong : i've played alto's odessey....but i like the new features here. the only problem i have is that the controls are not that responsive/sensitive like in odessey. also i would appreciate it if the developers could tweak the physics engine to make the game a bit more faster and sensitive,0
mantisman : i typically do not like games like these but this was quite the surprise,1
linda curgenven : a smooth snowboarding game. i restarted the game once i realised i had different players with different skills and after i had figured out how to do things. i used my google rewards to pay the small fee for ad free. now its a lot more fun.,1
greg greg : its a great game but it can have improvement like that when you jump and you land on a rock you will always bounce no matter what because sometimes i jump and i just barely tuoch the edge of a rock and i'm still in the air and it stops my run also if i have a boost and i jump with it i think it would be better if i had it for all the time in the air and when i touched the ground it would stop other than that it's an amazing game thanks!,0
lord_kryptarius : it is a cool game,1
'- : it's a very fun and addictive game in my opinion. it has nice graphics and also relaxing music and sound effects. especially then zen zone. my only problem is that the players aren't that visible at night. i sometimes get hit by rocks cause i can't see them. i suggest that you make them not that shadowy. but still,0
arpit lahoti : let me say one thing,1
dabbert0 : i wanted to like this game,1
ella : great game. it's simplistic but very fun and great to past the time. the music is lovely. i only have found 1 problem which is sometimes when i start the game i can't jump so i have to exit out and go back in until it lets me jump. though it may just be a phone problem my touch-sensor thing isn't always the best.,0
barry beasts : this game is fun and i love playing on long car rides. the next part is to the editors of the game: did you know that your icon is impossible? the person doing the flip would have to be facing left,1
hazel baines : it's a really calm and relaxing game,1
random stuff : the music is relaxing and the gameplay has a nice one handed feel. it does contain a lot of ads but i normally just turn off wifi and tuen it back on once i'm done playing. would highly recommend. very enjoyable.,1
river perry : this game is beautiful. the art style is simplistic yet perfect the premise is also simple but its not the entirety of why you should play this game the goal is to catch as many llamas as you can seems unoriginal right? but thats only a side ideal at best. the amazing sound effects,0
david rickard : this game is a joy to play. the microtransactions are not required to beat the game,1
hakimo matata : sometimes game got stuck. still,1
farman ali : this game is really sick. one side it gives you boost by music,1
mayur patil : can you please introduce background music like alto odessey in this one also? one of the best ! i this game bcoz: 1. easy to play for offline purpose. 2. soothing and calming background music. 3. best is zen mode where alto goes on endless journey. no fear of losing,1
jaba daba : game is super fun to play. but ads make it crush and almost every time you try to revive by watching ads the game resets to home screen. and that started after last update. unupdate the game and sort it out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,0
alessandro domeisen : this is a fantastic game! there is just one game-breaking bug... can't jump! all the other tap options work,0
polina sholeninova : i'm not a gamer at all. but i admire alto's adventure. smooth graphics,1
belbin : beautiful game. graphics are simple and great. friendly for eyes c: . story is simple i like it. controls are simple too but that's good. simplicity just looks good with this game it's simple but also very detailed. i really enjoy playing it and the music is so calming and good. i love it all the art gameplay and the music. it's cool zen like game to just wnjoy. totally recomend 4.5 stars from me c:,1
drew rome : the game is great but the only problem i have with it is sometimes the game bugs out and gives me impossible jumps and also the game gives me ads every single game and it's always the same ads so like at least give some different ads but other then that it is a very well made game 9/10 do recommend also zen mode is great i love that aspect of the game hope to see more games like this in the future oh and maybe a little bit easier of quests like it went from jump over a rock to a double flips.,0
matreintsherde : ads arent very instrusive,1
upper cheeks cheeky : i couldn't stop comparing this game to odyssey and the reason is,1
thomas brotherton : extremely well designed. would recommend. developers: i'm experiencing an issue on my galaxy s9,1
kendrick fisher : while yes it is an artistically beautiful game,1
rory hart : fantastic game in every way. you can relax and play casual or try to beat your high score and go competitive. developers can we have a portrait mode for it. (kind of like the google no internet game). maybe a bit easier because you can't see as far ahead idk. pls do this it would be fantastic,0
prodthereal : ran into this game,1
nodak sims : this game used to be awesome,1
richard paitsel : this used to be a great game. revive alto by watching a video. then it was just a video. now it's a video/demo hybrid. which wouldn't be so bad if they worked. it either freezes up or the x won't let you out and just keeps taking you to the play store and you have to force close and restart to get out of it. so annoying!!! then i saw why... while in alto's game store there is an option to pay to remove ads. shameful. sad because i was thinking of getting alto's odyssey. shady...shady...shady!!!,0
victor knight : great game but theres a few bugs here and there when you crash. i hit a rock just right and landed in a chasm,1
eir olsen : best game ever...!! it was calming,1
dipsana roy : this game deserves 5 out of 5. lovely,1
steven f : the game is enjoyable and would be more relaxing if the ads weren't so long and disruptive. game is frozen on,1
a google user : hands down one of the most beautiful games of all time. i spend hours (especially in zen mode) and it complete soothes my mind. gameplay,1
a mayjah music : game is beautiful. other than that sucks ass. backflips turn super slow. no way to front flip to save your landing. the physics engine sucks. you go one speed no matter how high you start out. you feel like landing a double back flip but can't. weak. can barely catch big air. he jumps super late and momentum never builds up. the gameplay feels like it's lagging behind on large hills where he could potentially mind huge gaps. they really should work on it because it has a lot of potential,0
vrajesh shah : soo many missions which is really hard to get eg. in level 20 for a 3 times back flip there is no wide space or jump to perform the task.. and if the levels are more modified than it would be much a boost in fun... kindly look on it...,1
vikram jeet : at first it seemed like a normal average game but endless mode feature made me fall in love with this. i just loved the animation of sunrise,0
stephen greiner : this game is one of the best mobile games i have played,1
friend last : i love the way this game relaxes my soul deeply if u are looking for a game well here it is i never had a one thing i can say my favourite but well guess my boring journey ends here and my new adventure starts with alto's. :) and u did a master piece and please keep it up with the music and the graphics it's spectacular and when i say this don't stop making it more extravagant :) so that i and we will keep up with ur updates ;) enjoyed it loved it greeeeeeeat music with flawless graphics!,1
atharva dixit : the best game ever played. great physics,1
matt brumit : pretty game but terrible experience. the one button (touching the screen) is actually two controls. you jump and spin by touching anywhere on the screen. the character can only land if you're board is parallel to the ground,0
shelby hawley : it is really hard for me to get addicted to a game,1
agassi joel : i love this game. this is super cool and stress relief. the graphics are crispy and nice. nice visualisations. keep giving us more games of this kind. the colors background music themes are awesome. best time pass game .,1
shelle outlaw : great app,1
sheryl del conte : i love this game. it has nice graphics and fun zen gameplay,1
dolst : i feel like i must be one of the few people who's missing something about this game. a brief tutorial at the beginning seems to make things clear,1
naura tuhfa : it runs smoothly on my phone. no annoying ads between every level or in the middle of the game. it also somehow very soothing,0
cjchicken : controls are simple,1
alex frentz : it's a really satisfying game,1
nate : a very beautiful,1
jim ponz : starts off nice and relaxing.. level 20: ad spam. level 30: death spam to get you to watch ad spam. game literally changes its mechanics to obtain more revenue from ads ( the characters speed and physics change so it crashes more often). uninstall graveyard. p.s. always used the 2nd unlock able character,0
sam more : just relaxing game,1
rikki : once i figured out the work-around for ads,0
liam paes : i really really love this game. i only have 1 suggestion. could you make a mode in which alto just goes down a mountain with no obstacles or anything. you just admire the beauty of the game world and relax while listening to the soundtrack. i would really love that as well. i love the beauty of the map and the simplicity of the game and the soundtrack.,1
ava gabbert : amazing game! super fun,1
miracle abaye : i'll tell you why i gave you five star. story boarding. clean and a unique user interface,1
ismail kahraman : game was great until the ads are becoming a nuisance,1
tony r. : one of my favorite games but now it has these ads that i can't stand! as i remembered,0
eric palmer : i got so far. really far in the game. playing for almost 55 minutes straight and the app closes. this isn't the first nor second nor fifth time. i cant help to think its supposed to happen once you're doing to good in one run. download only if you are willing to be upset or frustrated,1
kevon tadiwa : i have no complaints with the game at all. it's a satisfying game,1
sabrina mcdonnell : fantastic game,1
pratham arc : loved the game. absolutely loved it. made me soooo excited for the sequel as well. very smooth. very comfortable. nothing that's unnecessary. very relaxing. accompanied by beautiful music and stunning animation and graphics. really deserves 5 stars.,1
31_silvia dwi hanjani : i personally like this game. it's entertaining,1
luke fothergill : it's a great game to help you unwind especially when played with ear buds as the audio is amazing. i just wish they had a version with no rocks to fall over cause we just wanna chill listen to the soundeffects and pull some neet tricks when were high,0
abhishek vishwakarma : one of the best graphics in such a small size game. loved the minimalist graphics. but the best part is the background melody. i mean sometimes i just play this game to just get some sound sleep and sweet dreams. want to give six stars to this game.,1
bernijane asis : the graphics are smooth,1
rajat raman : its amazing and those pleasant background music is out of this world which takes me to heaven but there's only one problem and that's never ending run even if you complete the goals.you developers should change the goals into stages or level and those who love s surfing in a endless loop they should play free mode with headphones you will never fell even if you collide against those pathetic rocks!,0
hari ch : by far the best game i have ever played although many ads ruin the game. noodlecake studios did a fantastic job on this game and the music is just too good and relaxing.if you are a stressed person i recommend this game to you. the textures are also really good.overall this game is perfect for all ages and i really think noodlecake should remove the ads and i recommend you to buy this game.,1
soap js : i really like this game. it has very nice sounds and graphics i would like some improvements in controls some times controls are kind of unresponsive like you cant jump as quick as you press the jump key but overall the game is awesome!,0
ayusuman paikray : one of the best relaxing casual games. i spend my free time playing this game. the game is with limied features but its visuals are really interesting. another special about this game is its music sounds which are really so good and also relaxing.,1
smashua grimhammer : it's fun the first handful of times but with only one stage and only one music track,1
megamind blue : the touch stops working unpredictably while playing and resumes working once i press pause and resume. it's not a fun experience to have to pause the game and resume it every once in a while to get your controls back and oh god,0
xeane 74 : i played a lot games but this one really stands out for its calmness and peaceful music .i really like the way it is designed . every time i play it feels different ..... overall best game after work hours.... suggestions:it would be better if there were different modes like play with friends online. and new bgms,1
justin chavez : this is a fun game,1
usernames _suck_2 : alto's adventure is an amazing game. but there is one problem,1
aurora_boketto : it's fun,1
richard weiss : accidentally tapped and opened game during a meeting,1
infotechz : may this game and the developers live for about a zillion years,1
jamshed abbas : omg!!! i love this game! you either go on zen mode,1
aamir : it is a nice game. the best part i like is the music. it is so relaxing. the way the hill weather is shown to be changing is also very relaxing. i feel like it is a wonderful medicine for anxiety. this game has limited features but i feel that it is a plus point.,1
suhana _ : relaxing game. the music's great,1
eleanor rose : calming,1
serenity canales : i havent gotten too far but decently far. and it is so relaxing yet challenging. there is a story yet it looks so simple. i honesty just live this game and it isnt full of ads unless you want some coins or need to revive him but i usually dont unless i got angry i lost,1
paranormal : the game is good. ads are a bit obnoxious but it's great nonetheless. the graphics are quite pleasant and the game itself is quite calming and a good way to pass time. one thing i'd like is a more intense song that you hear when you're getting chased. but other than that i don't have any problems.,0
deadlyjaguar89 : really fun,1
seb skelton-foord : this game is so relaxing!! playing with headphones really does make a huge difference,1
prashant bhandari : use headphones........ it's a whole different experience with headphones on. the graphics are really good.... kinda peaceful. best upgrade you can get here is 'wingsuit'. i'll recommend save coins from the start... don't upgrade magnet time or hover time. just unlock wingsuit and play.,1
lupin barks : i like the game: the graphics,1
iqra ahmed pandit : now this is what i call a proper game . proper controls ,1
ritika koutarapu : i'm having trouble opening the game. i really enjoyed playing it till the 31st level ( i would have given the game 5 stars if i had rated it before),1
brian torres : this is the most relaxing game i've ever played especially the endless mode. i've been playing it for quite a while now. it is easy-to-play and user-friendly. the graphics is great. it's simple yet awesome. go ahead and try!,1
cole deboer : fun and relaxing game. i do wish the warning signs for the chasms were much further back though. it's kind of annoying when you jump and then a chasm comes into sight that you fall directly into. the hover power up sometimes doesn't work as well.,0
nico roma : when i first used this game years ago. the game was really relaxing,1
oniyokox : frustrating mechanics. no way to tell if your backflips will land,1
andrew : boring and unfair. all you can do is slowly backflip. often times you initiate a backflip only to crash because the next slope,0
nhat minh le : great game overall,1
xxxtenholyion : it's an okay game but for some reason it wouldn't allow me to jump. everytime i pressed,1
mahesh thule : best endless arcade game! the graphics and visuals are magical. the best part of games like this is that they don't want the user to think more and more about the gameplay ,1
bhargav patel : as an illustrator myself,1
david ickes : from the music,1
eduardo alvarez : very pleasant. great graphics. love the style of the artwork but i just hate the control scheme. you can't add stats to the character for better movement or speed. the wonky controls though simple are boring and uninteresting. there's adventure in the title but youre really just in an endless scroll loop games. they're level which unlock new riders but i have no idea what level i am. this game looses its charm after about 10 minutes of game time.,0
azizah abdul rahman : i love the game the music is beautiful and the background was epic. i don't like the adventure mode cuz it needs to do so much stuff and zen mode is a next level stuff! i rate it: (drumroll and stop) 5 stars! (even tho it has brutal fail)!,1
atanu : at first the game seems to be very pleasant and mind refreshing,1
shivam pardeshi : nice music,1
shrey : this is just gaming gold . you can play for hours and still not be bored . this is game is very relaxing. but still has a high skill ceiling ,0
andrei marchis : i had a lot of fun playing it,1
stephanie : i got quite bored in 5 minutes and it's a bit like pac man rush but i enjoyed the "rush" of pac man greatly whereas this game was quite passive,1
8f48vinayakprathap : i really like this game. one of the most relaxing game i've played. all the animation..the background music makes the game more good. no ads. which is good. the time change in the game you the morning,1
adjamaja minsmog : the game is pretty easy. but the actual way of enjoying the game is to turn music off and sound effects at max volume. just listening to your character ski in the snow is just very nice.,0
mxchii : this has been my favorite game since 2018 or something around that; i love it,0
lee gowans : awesome game,1
sl. space : very nice graphics,1
i don't know k : it's absolutely gorgeous and the music so calming,1
t. p. : been a fan of this game since it launched. it's a beautiful game with a fantastic sound track. easy to lose track of time playing. but... they place ads all over the place. and it really kills the mood of the game,0
rahul p menon : awesome game with really cool background music. the gameplay is engaging and the seasons and weather change is also pretty good. really simple gameplay (doesn't always mean easy) but the music and the effects really sell you in.,1
the dootster : a very great game for relaxing,1
akshit chaturvedi : a great stress reliever! i've played all sorts of innovative games but in none of them did i find music which works in tandem with the game . the perfect combination of music and video makes this game all the more fun .,1
candra wijaya : play it when u feel upset,1
ian james : a very relaxing game to play. the graphics & sound effects are top notch. i do find the ads a little intrusive but it doesn't detract from the overall quality. one of the better games out there,1
nuisance penguin : pretty fun! nice thing to play if you want to also pay attention to something else. i used to play this while watching seinfeld (obviously recently,1
paul bramhall : love this game really love it but its ruined by long adverts that are way louder than the game. i'd happily pay for a full ad free version like i did with the 1st alto its not available. some of the game ads i cant close,0
raven young : 2 stars for nice graphics and music. controls are janky,1
sebastian voinea : this game is amazing!!! i love the characters,1
isaiah jones : this game let me down as a fan of alto's odyssey. there's a huge drop in animation and the sound design isn't as good as the previous game(although that may be just personal preference).,1
kiefer swistak : this game is the most beautiful game i've ever played. i've probably taken around 20 screenshots so far and i haven't even had it for 24 hours. the zen mode is really good to practice in. i would recommend that before the main challenges to get your skill up. amazing game!,1
kostiskat : i have been playing this game for months now. what can i say.. the gameplay experience is exceptional,1
nathanandrachel cintula : very interesting premise and enjoyable gameplay. great visual style. great transition screen style. it creates a cozy personal ambience that is very relaxing. zen mode is a smart feature.,1
tadrushi jani : one of my most favourite games! have been playing for years. beautiful graphics,1
joao lucas lages : the adds are overwhelming. some is ok,0
syami : this game is fun and all,1
ernesto estrada : great game,1
narwalice __________ : oh my gosh,1
jill : the controls are super easy and it's fun to collect items and meet goals. i admit i get a little addicted. plus,1
ziro : the screen is always zoomed in too much,0
yahia mohamed : the game is so nice but there is a problem sometimes when i open the game,0
valeria godoy : i love this game. it's beautiful,1
fernando martinez najera : yes,1
kimberly rutherford : super calming,1
muhamad fathan giovani : amazing arttttt!!!! but there was a bug,1
manmakerman : great game. i've found the challenges are challenging,1
timothy womble : though i tend to avoid "endless runner" games,1
morecado : the menus need to be faster and snappier. they're so slow that it completely takes you out if the "flow" created by the game. no one wants to spend unnecessary time in the menu.,0
jksonblkson : very nostalgia inducing and calming,1
aditya yagic : i have played so many games before,1
william morrell : i have both games. love them. i've recommended them to dozens of people. the ads are now out of control. i know you guys gotta get paid - but jesus. it's almost impossible to play. i realize i should shut up and buy it,0
celora walker : all around an amazing game,1
eli davis : it's a beautiful little rider game where you can do backflips and smaller tricks to get boosts the art is really nice and the music is relaxing and i'm a big fan of zen mode as well as constantly trying to best my high score!,1
mooniversal 3875592847 : amazing! the game is sooo cool i love the music. it relaxed me so much! love it. no annoying ads. simple concept and controls,1
mcvien geeron sampana : i like the game,1
flo's foods : what can i say? this game is perfect! the visuals and music are everything and i really enjoyed it. i would maybe give you an option to buy the other characters with in-game money but overall this app is one of my favourites :),1
dinkesh jain : it's just perfect!!! relaxing,1
elijah gribble : it gets old after a while but good high quality game,1
skyler shelton : great game,1
ryan zellmer : great game,1
ab manan : this is a awesome game and have no words to describe it's franchise which is a editor's choice "alto's odyssey",1
matthew kenison : low this game. nice and relaxing. the coins are weird though. the end said 463x10 but only gave me 463 coins. in order to upgrade you have to watch a ton of ads. other than that,0
d mukherjee : really loved the game and decided to purchase the premium version,1
vivek ambekar : this game came into my life when i was going through depression. i felt so relaxed playing this.l especially zen mode. the music is soothing and peaceful. the message i took from playing in zen mode is no matter what you always have second chances. if you fall pick yourself up dust yourself off and move on. nothing is more beautiful than journey itself not even the destination. zen mode is all about this. this helped me gain my self confidence back. helped me through my tough times. thank you.,1
chubi adah : this is the best game ever. it was very difficult for me to rate this game because my eyes were glued to alto's adventure. the game would be better if there were many more characters,1
william colbert : this is a beautiful,1
ierfal imposter : i love the app i love the zen mode i love the llamas i basically love everything. one thing i think could be changed is something about the zen mode where you can add llamas so you're still on the objective/point of the game. it's very calming,1
lucas steer : beautiful graphics and effects. beautiful music and effects. fun for gameplay,1
arjun chang : amazing game... but character goes out of screen sometimes when using wingsuit... also would be better if we could change locating of wingsuit icon... other than that it's very relaxing and enjoyable.,1
persis foyober : absolutely fantastic game very unique and different experience very satisfying. but i do wish there were fewer rocks appearance around,1
aasritha vegesena : this a very nice game. no complex rules or controls ,1
idk fitz : i love this game,1
nicholas siew : good game overall. the only comment is: what's the point of the blue feather power-up if it doesn't work all the time? one moment it chooses to work,0
gavin drumm : i love the game,1
dializbeth ortiz : i used to like this game. it helps me with moments of anxiety. it is peaceful. until the ad popped. i'm sorry but,1
nammavar kamal haasan : this is one of the beautiful game i have ever played. and i love its simplicity. i had a bad day and my friend recommended me to play this game at zen mode at night. i just grabbed my headphones and played for 30 mins in zen mode and i was so relaxed. i always play at zen mode to get relaxed. i purchased the adless version so ads wont disturb me. its a great game.,0
prashant gajmer : i love this game but after a long period of gaming the touch we press doesn't work and the game chracter won't jump it continuously run and get crashed thats all. i should end the game and restart the game again . that's not fun you know !!!! try to fix it .,0
stevia muii : a fun and relaxing game. tho crashes a lot of times after playing from a while. like when you are trying to set a new record but the game crashes ;-; its just frustrating,0
tang corporations : it's just beautiful. amazing atmosphere and music,1
don smith : this would probably be a nice game if they just charged for it and got rid of the ads. it's not even just that there are ads,0
steve cao : beautiful game. i installed it a long time ago before the ads and would have given 5 stars then. would gladly pay money to go back to it being ad-less but understandable that it's the model they chose to go with.,0
jhino : pretty easy to deal with the ads,1
saptarshi sarkar : this is one piece if art rather a game. it's really time killing and soothing. one can play it on a relaxing mood or even take it as a challenge. the developers have done a great job. thanks.,1
keres howell : this game is beautiful and fun. i've been playing since release. but i give it 4 stars because even after paying money for the ad removal,1
shadow slayer : let start off with the fact that there r only 2 controls and the controls r half way built. the jumping is not sync to when u press jump and it so touchy. then u have the moving ur board around which by the way it only rotates one way and if try to land and it's not (perfect) u will crash and even if ur board is flat on the ground u will still crash. the only good thing about this game is there r very few to no ads at all so that where the one star comes in,0
gemma quigley : lot of blips. sometimes the goals dont register if youve completed them. some of the characters dont register parts,1
drake brooks : absolutely love it. the visuals and soundtrack are stunning. very simple to play,1
holly hedgecock : noodlecake studios is the best mobile game dev,1
faysal abeid miraz : contains a lot of bugs. the hover power up won't activate in most cases. some of game mechanism is really frustrating. but overall,1
gavin schneider : about the only game (along with odyssey) that stays on my phone for longer than 2 days before i get bored and remove it. it takes about a week,1
karthik s s : i played the game so much. i liked it so much. i didn't play this for quite some time. i installed this after a few months only to see it is not syncing my last played progress. tried signing in and out clearing cache etc. nothing works. i unlocked izel last time. i have the google play games achievement for proof. now i'm playing from the start and this is very very annoying.,0
noivern77 : i came across this game because i was bored of pay to win games. i just searched up relaxing games and this was the first result. when i played it,1
river : i love this game and i was overjoyed when i saw that there was another part to 'alto's odyssey' so o installed it right away. this game never ceases to surprise me with new challenges,1
s. c : it's hard to find a perfect game. and yet,1
thordis : i think this game is super fun. the zen mode should have no obstacles at all though!! not very zen when you can barely see the rocks and logs in the dark and constantly just eat snow. love the game though!,1
adam scott : not once could i ever do that flying thing. but other than that,1
mr. mobile : i personally find the the game quite difficult cumming from me that's a big compliment. i do suggest one up date where there is a mode where you launch off a ramp and go as far as you can while doing as much tricks as you can and you can buy stuff such as a hang glider and turbo jets please consider this.,1
moss : this is a gorgeous game. the gameplay is simple but intuitive. the music is really nice,1
stoney broski : really fun,1
adam jastrzebski : awesome game,1
seema shahid : it's a wonder,1
george burden : pretty game,1
nathanya iskandar : it's aesthetically pleasing and relaxing. although it'll be nice there's more characters we can unlock without having to pay with real money. overall,1
ivy helven : i've been playing this game for a while now and one time when i played it in front of my siblings,1
hj_records : im a person who has anxiotey and this game really helps me to relax and i enjoy playing it when im in the car of even at home the first time i saw this game was at the apple store and i couldnt get my hands off of the device it was calm relaxing playable and it made me enjoy also the backround is so bueatifull and the choice of music is great i hope to see another game again!,1
krista pelton : it's a great game,1
donavin overcast : amazing.... i have played nothing like this. the simplicity but yet beauty that this game offers and the gameplay is almost the same every time but then a new obstacle shows up and keep you coming back for more,1
xi aomi : fantastic game. calming atmosphere,1
danielle stanley : i love this game. it's really simple and super relaxing. the controls don't always work like they should,0
aidan downey : very relaxing and asteticly beautiful game.,1
deepali parikh : the graphics are great and so are the controls,1
elena meraw : the amount of ads and their placement is predatory and unethical. this game hasn't been significantly updated since it came out (i remember playing it several years ago and it was exactly the same thing,1
mitali roy : this game is fantastic with an alpine-themed indie-type graphics. i would feel relaxed when i would plug in my earphones and play the game in darkness. it would be better if you add more snowboarders and daily quests rewarding coins.,1
captures in time : this mobile game is one of the best mobile games i've ever played. it's non-addicting,1
ed lin : one of the best games i have played. it has simple controls,1
a google user : really unique game with relaxing atmosphere. art in this game is amazing. it's relatively short but fun to complete all the levels. it lacks a bit of depth which is why i can't rate it a perfect 5 stars. strongly recommend.,1
samuel george : i play other games but alto is just phenomenal. the music,1
amr okasha : just an overall zen experience. the grind is not excessive,1
alex antiques : the only things i don't like about this game is that you can't use your snowboard to turn back in the air. a lot of the times i'm in the air i overadjust,0
sir warfare : oh my god!!! this is one of the best games that i' ve found. this is on top and on verge of perfection!!! this game gives me so peaceful vibes,1
badal singh : game is awesome... no doubt about that... but the frequent ads are so irritating that it made me do the rating to 2 stars... if you can fix the ad issue then the ratings will go higher. awesome game! thank you!,0
joshua productions : it's a great game but you have to pay actual money for characters instead of using the gold you get and there's no upgrade system but other than that a really good game awesome music awesome visuals the game makes it impossible to get mad at for how nice it is and i can always come back to it but the thing is it's not addicting it's really good,1
isabella gonzales : i will rate 4 stars because i love this game but i wish there was a setting to turn off night/day cycle because i always crash when i play night because i can't see the rocks and whatnot. i really love the zen mode as well. i like this game nore than i like alto's oddysey,0
zero wolf : i've come back to this game time after time. part of what makes it great is honestly the simplicity combined with the visuals and music. it can be difficult,1
p a : this is a 5 star game that yet another developer has ruined with intrusive full page ads. your greed has destroyed the point of the game,1
-savage suki- : this game is very fun! there is no problem with it whatsoever,1
nate pasman : i love this game,1
varad naniwadekar : i love this game but i just wanna clear some things that alto team would do some more great animations to the great snowy mountain behind the scenery like you could show some snow on the mountain instead of showing dark and clear mountains behind the scenery and also the upgradations are way too expensive and paid transactions are also too expensive other wise it's a very calming game i ever experienced !,0
soft blanket :3 : i lov the graphics! they are so good! very good on a computer! and i love the calming music! i sometimes play my own music to go with it to make my experience even better! i like the song "music for a found harmonium".,0
trae : fun game,1
feelwandering : this game always helps me in my good and bad moods. the music is so soothing and the gameplay is indeed smooth like butter ,1
xxgalenxx : great graphics and storyline. really fun and passes time a lot of time. you jump over rocks and recollecting your deers? there's some type of animal. but great game lots a fun and overall this game. is. an. actual. gamechanger.,1
elite gamer siddhu : this game is highly relaxing and needs real skill to play. the best part is its zen mode where i can keep myself calm. i would like another mode in which alto just keeps sking without any obstacles in place and we get relaxed by seeing that. really nice relaxing game.,1
amy hannah eckman : the ads are super annoying because they are 15 seconds long and you get them almost after every time you play. another complaint i have is the skipping challenges it cost 500 coins that is way too much! other than that everything is good about the game.,0
fof d : i had downloaded this game years ago and absolutely loved it. i had a samsung s5 with a great screen so it made ecerything so much nicer. sadly it dropped into the toilet to never open again so i havent played in awhile. i played odessey as soon as i could get my mothers phone (she has a galaxy note 9 so the screen was worth waiting for) and i have been playing whenever i just needed some zen. honestly one of favorite mobile games of all time!,0
ionut vornicescu : the bug was fixed. the game is perfect again. old rating: the game was great until yesterday. since yesterday the game crushes when i sign in with the google account. if i erase all the data,0
karan : believe me or not,1
stratus exclair : it is a great game,1
bruce chillis : please move that pause button from there. you can place it on top side of screen. everytime it gets tapped on unintentionally while i am just trying to make a jump.,0
kevin d : this game is very relaxing,1
andi fels : beautiful and calming. perfect for relieving anxiety. can i ask for an option in zen mode to turn off rocks,1
robloxpro 67 : i can't wait to install this app again. i remember i had this app on my old zte phone since june 2016,1
rex almighty : so so fun! i play it all the time when i'm bored,1
ilan penkower : the most beautiful and zen game i have ever played ever. the graphics are breathtaking,1
vijendra srivastava : i cna say that the simplicity has a better attraction,1
emmiii : honestly a really chill game,1
alexandria hexx : it's a very calming game. zen made especially,1
hibis : game is good with relaxing visuals and music but it has some bugs i hope they fix it and one problem is when you start playing the game in starting point some times even if you touch the screen that character doesn't jump.,0
bashir fadiga : honestly,1
a google user : this is a really nice game... i am really impressed a lot. the controls are easy and smooth and the game never lags... also it becomes more interesting each time i play this. so overall i loved this game. keep it up noodlecake studious inc !!,1
francesca maria : it's really fun and relaxing,1
lajeanna parker : had this download for several years now. great to play for something different other than matching items. very relaxing until you hit a cliff or fall off the mountain. still fun though.,1
dreamer of words : i played this game every day on the bus ride to school. it was the best part of my morning,1
classydays43 : one of the most beautiful mobile games i've played. it's stuff like this that makes browsing for decent mobile games worthwhile. given the market,1
laurent lamarlere : the app keeps crashing. doesn't even open anymore. sent 3 feedbacks with logs and no reply whatsoever. i have put some money in the game to support it and would like a refund as i am not even able to open it anymore.,0
ophelia : it's a really beautiful game,1
chris o'neill : great gameplay,1
avelyn silvas : beautiful scenery and amazing gameplay. however sometimes there's a glitch when you play again when you can't jump at all.,0
adharsh gajendran : one of the best games i've played so far. the art,1
arthur h : a good game bit the night graphics are not so good as you can't always detect obstacles. also there's a lag in the jump response. another thing.... i can't get away from the rider even though i have a long scarf. he catches up far too fast. can you kill him?,0
dinar fitriandini : the graphic is soooo smooth and detailed. i love how simple the concept of the game is but yet they gave us this beautiful graphic. 5 stars from me,1
pixiedixiedo : so damn amazing! only thing is usually in the forest biome on my google pixel,1
dragon : absolutely gorgeous. the graphics are fantastic,1
rohit chaoji : i would have given this game higher if not for the ads after every 2-3 plays. i can accept ads for reviving my character,0
cyrus mac : i like that it has a endless mode but when i die then lm alive again,1
erin locke : this game is so relaxing and fun to play! even though it has a simple concept,1
vix nechayeva : relaxing and smooth gameplay. sometimes takes a few tries to get the goals but the gameplay itself is enjoyable so slow(ish) progression through levels never bothered me.,0
ben rothan : game worked fine,1
spirit - : good game. never gets boring and is just fun to play! the controls are only just one finger so its easy but gets progressively harder as more and more rocks appear. and elders too. coins take a bit long to get but overall the game's great!,1
jack bourne : the original altos adventure can't get better than that i grew up playing that game at the library for 4 years strait! until they took the ipads away so many good memories and false ones of course. like i said about my odyssey review repetitive but all games like this are so i can't complain about that.jackbourne,1
either : the tutorial was okay,1
mason chadwick : the game is calm and relaxing,1
a google user : horrible ads,0
1ds20ai033_neeraj kalantri : it is one of the best and the addictive game i ever played. the graphics and the music are so awesome that it truly makes you feel that your are actually riding. the level gets even awazing as well as tuff so that you truly enjoy the game. overall the game is 5 and i highly recommend to everyone to play this game,1
mohit sharma : one of the best games its soo relaxing,1
k v vaghul : pleasant game,1
saurav : more of a feeling than a game.. gives you chills of being in mountains with all that great music and background mountains . just add more controls and this would be more than perfect.,1
alex : this is a well made game at first i thought it was those games that doesnt make sense but when i look at the game review's and the photo's of the game i downloaded it and its so fantastic i recommend everybody to download this if you want to hear some calming music while playing.,1
austin rice : i love this game. it is a perfect game to play before going to sleep,1
bastien bastien : you know,1
abby powell : one of the most calming games i have ever played,1
binithi fernando : this game is very fun but i think it could be better,1
eduardo martins : i'm sad... i used to be an alto's fan and i got so many friends playing this game. i have it for years. the music and immersion are perfect. but now... ads.... the darned ads... i'm genuinely sad. i'm uninstalling this game,0
jeremy leitzen : nice visuals,1
robert caldwell : 1.it is beautiful i love the minimalistic style well also having one of the most cozy atmospheres i've seen in a mobile game.2.the game play design is pretty good the gameplay has momentum and great control with only a handful of room.,0
prabhakaran s : to many ads spoil it. i used play alto some years ago. it was same great game but now festered with ads. i am ok with occasional ads but ads that are unskippable between each game??! to see another game going retard over ads is a pity.,0
jj boswell : gets really glitchy after level 35. i'm not sure if it's a problem that needs fixing or it's intentionally lazy game development to replace difficulty progression through levels.,0
gabriel : charming little game at first but the ads are so agressive that it makes it not worth playing for free. i could understand if it was one here and there,1
cosmin popan : awesome game! really well made,1
sonny horton : this is a great game and i would recommend it to anyone but i only have one problem i don't like the speed you do flips,1
preethi ann jacob : the graphics,1
gregory solewin : meditative in it's simplicity,1
anssi niemi : fun and addictive game. but buying the premium version that has no ads drops revive amount to 1. with ads it was lot more which makes one lose motivation after going ad-free.,0
lisa s-f : very repetitive and boring. you just ride down the same hill over and over again trying to get further each time. also the screen gets progressively darker so you can't even see anything. played for about 2 minutes then uninstalled.,0
lavi roadnight : plain and simple sand sledding fun! amazing abstract visuals with a mesmorising soundtrack. can play for hours on end and very addicting gameplay! i highly suggest this game.,1
dragonrage1001 : pretty fun a good way to pass time but it gets kinda boring after a while since there isn't much new to do after you've gotten far into the game. it's just grinding for more stuff by doing the same thing over and over again.,0
crazyjaybe : beautiful game! you press the screen and stuff happens! love it! but you know what i don't love? random,1
grace metri : i can't load my progress on my new device :( i've followed all the instructions on you're website to transfer the progress(except deleting the game off my phone entirely,1
mary sy : i love the visuals and the music! sometimes it's challenging to develop new tricks and move on to levels,1
kun kunologist : with cinematic graphics and fantastic controls,1
p g : wonderful. relaxing and challenging at the same time. lovely graphics and sound design too. would be 5 stars but i think the sun rises and falls in the wrong direction... presumably the game is set in the southern hemisphere so we are looking north to the equator? in which case the sun should rise on the right and set one the left?,0
john green : incredibly simple gameplay,1
jason landwer : beautiful game. been playing it for over 8 months now and it's still fun. easy to play but challenging enough to keep me entertained but not so challenging that i get frustrated.,1
vlad c : "brimming with adventure". a load of rubbish,1
g g : the simplicity of this game makes it perfect. snowboard down a mountain avoiding rocks and obstacles while chasing your llamas and collecting coins. do trick flips and grind on rails to gain momentum and increase your score.,1
haden burstedt : wonderful game,1
alex toradze : this game is incredible. thank you devs for fixing the crash at startup issue! i hope you guys are able to fix the same crash at startup issue for alto's odyssey!,0
lee hastings : played it in the past,1
jared saxton : excellent game. simple design,1
sam wong : this game would really deserve 5 stars but now the game crashes whenever i tried to play it. really upset because i'm about to unlock a new character. please fix the game asap. would really like to enjoy this game again.,1
martin red : it was great... for a while ive been unable to launch a game,1
shinyfireet1 : a very serene and gorgeous game. it is one of my favourite games on mobile of all time. the sound design,1
you : it's relaxing and fun ,1
jewelyn : absolutely love this beautiful indie zen game. definitely one of my favorites that comes highly recommended to those who want a calm and fun adventure and also there's little to no ads! just a heads up!,1
kevin duliesco : everything is perfect,1
notreallymagenta : the day night cycle is amazing but at night it gets a bit too dark and i can't see the rock and jumps most of the time if you could increase the brightness or make a setting where it doesn't turn night that would be awesome,0
shivam maurya : i've played thousands games this is the only game i love.. it's peaceful,1
bored ashy : this game is a around amazing i love the art style the music the simple controls i only have one problem with the game and it's that sometimes it rains and last time i checked it's kinda impossible to snowboard in the rain but other than that great game alto's odyssey is great too,0
abhinav jasrotia : i played this game for few years at night using earphones and playing the game with zen mode,1
e j : beautiful graphics and nice music. fun and easy to play,1
saara : relaxing,1
evan wood : my god,1
gaming blue lightning : it's a nice pleasant game. it's fun and sometimes hard to make some jumps. you can unlock pretty cool characters that have cool abilities. it's a really nice game.,1
b.shriyan art : best game ....but day by day it's very boring try it once,1
yuya kun : very calming i suggest to play eterm youth with it :d,1
parham seyedmazhari : beautiful,1
george meyer : i like it. but the other game took the cake,1
jessica jensen : really great game! don't really know what else to say.,1
vi nguyen : too many adds. disappointing. when the game was introduced few years ago,0
javion hughes : this game is so relaxing and it calms me dpwn when im angry wich is ao helpful,1
noah botting : it's an amazing game,1
muhammad shakir padia : was a really good game but now it keeps crashing everytime i try to open it. there are also way too many ads including inappropriate ones.,0
ruslan fesenko : it glitches out when you die,1
malik russell : its a really great game to play. very interesting and fun. but some times when the character is going very fast,1
wolfna fandom : i love this game!!! my fav part bout it is that it has zen mode and i love listening to music while playing games but dont like ads cause it pauses the music but bc of zen mode u cant die and it perfect for me <3,1
praise judah : i really like this game and it is very relaxing,1
shantelle : the game itself is a solid five stars. however,1
jaas benz : the game is amazing but i don't understand how to get a feather and magent in the same run. like do you mean at the same time? or just get them at anytime in the round. because i've got them several times in the same run but it won't let me get to level 9. please respond when possible,0
snnake : what a amazing game. i already play this on iphone in 2015 (out 2014,1
aleksandar taragoshev : i played this after playing the sequel for a long time. i feel like the visuals are better in this game,1
ritwik joshi : simply awesome. super relaxing. even after playing enough,1
richugang : after you play the zen mode,1
jeffrey lageson : in the new update buildings are glitching by having the back flap up or at an angle. and it would only be the grinds. otherwise amazing games. also slight lag.,0
jared boike : graphics are astoundingly beautiful. props to you devs! the controls are a bit strange,1
funkin dunkin : it was amazing and the best selling point was it wasn't inundated with constant ads. then what did they do? bring in constant ads. great time waster,0
afnan mohd : the app is really good when you wear headphones and enjoy the music the graphics are good but when we backflip the animation there could be good and when you lose there also i wish there were some real animations accord to physical world very impressed with this game,1
shyam vasan : game is so good. musics are like sleep therapy. but while jumping alone suddenly control pulls off and stands due to this am forced to fall... its happening once in 10 times after this new update,0
christian jay anunciado : game is amazing. beautiful in every aspect. to those people saying this has many ads. well of course,1
haridev : this game is just awesome. play it when you are feeling stressed it will freshen up your mind and soul especially it's music. i don't write much reviews but this game is awesome,1
keith kelso : fun and beautiful game,1
brett mason : reviews i read said relaxing,1
m c : not a bad game,1
lliam taylor : got a new phone and the google play data stored,1
xylexphd : this gane is amazing,1
tanmay khare : first of all "amazing,1
burru : this game is amazing. maximize relaxation.,1
edgar molina lomeli : simple,1
space walker : best game ever!! love it however it would be more better,1
hasan mehedi : entered to play game. bt suddenly shows ads. ads are not problem,0
francisco gomes : great game. however it seems there's a bug at level 8 when you pick a feather and a magnet in the same run but it doesn't count for the achievement,0
aryansh vikram singh : first of all thanks creator's and all the people who help to built this game . this is what i needed its all relacing like the music ,1
isaac abee : pretty terrible mechanics? it's basically impossible to tell when you're going to be able to land a jump,1
matthew montis : very fun and beautiful game during day time,1
pov sopheak : the best game in playstore. i love this game so much. it's simple but it's fun and great. but i'd like to suggest for new update,1
artem kashtanov : 1. when i adjust my phone volume during a ride,1
carmen pon : super fun and would have happily bought this game to avoid ads but it's not option. you have to pay every time you want to skip an ad. i am uninstalling.,0
dhruv hirpara : the game is nice and fun to play. before,1
etphonehomie : i really love the color scheme you chose for this,1
knesix : nice looking,1
darcy kea : fun for about 5 minutes. once you reach like... level 5 the ads start hitting after almost every run. plus it's super laggy which causes a lot of bails from rocks and stuff.,0
samuel stephen : watched videos for coins but only adds one round for every 2 videos watched. coin rewards issued once for every second time played. it's a trick and be careful.,0
andrew ackroyd : great game but have never managed to activate the wingsuit. every time i tap it,1
a google user : the game is okay but im having a problem on how to jump.....if there is anyone who know the controls please tell me.....my classmate says i need to tap the screen as hard as i can,0
sebastian conley : iv been playing this for a few days zen mode is great,1
rahul anand : games are for relaxation. and this is definition of relaxation free of world stress. definitely one of the best games if you are feeling stressed or just want to spend some time alone.,1
gaming ka tadka : i like the music. i think best game to relief your mood. i think they should more music like this. and the cycle of day and night and rainy background is super impressive. i really like this game.,1
ale mello : very simple to play,1
leah deixler : its a good game overall,1
james jenkins : it's fun,1
danky kang : i like this game alot it is nice and fluid. for me this game is not addictive; unlike other games that make me feel like a zombie. the only thing i do not like is the ui tricking me into playing again it's hard to explain but if you pay attention after your run ends. this is what a phone game should be 4.5/5,1
greg barenick : its a very calming and enjoyable game. my main issue is that there is an occasional delay on taps and,1
great old b'stard : unplayable,1
isaac s : very beautiful game. love the art especialy at sun down. stunts aren't to hard but you can't get down from the ziplines without crashing. but other than that a great game,1
charles di pinto : so,1
kieth pagalan : this app is so relaxing for me. whenever im having a really bad day i would play this game. i really like the background music and well everything! i have been playing this game for months now and i will never unistall this game. 5 stars!,1
pranav mahajan : this game is literally so so soooo good..this game is so much relaxing.. especially the music and the sounds are so much soothing and relaxing..it removes all the stress from your mind and makes you fresh + its not even addicting..i liked this game very much,1
gagan sharma : love the game exept that the character goes out of the screen if you go up high which makes it hard to control i hope it will soon get repair.,0
chito : man i wish i could bring back my old progress. i signed in with google play and i have its achievements but the stats are back to zero and the characters i unlocked is lock.,0
spedy : this game is just beautiful & wonderful. i love this game so much! . this game's music,1
gisele kuuzi : this game is vary fun,1
nisit kumar mohanty : it's the best game i've ever downloaded,1
diana lou tapec : nice game! amazing and relaxing scenary graphics,1
joanna : the music is so relaxing.. takes out all the stress thanks so much! overall animation is really good!,1
player 910 : 50/5 it is to easy to learn and aesthetic music in zen mode is . this is the real stress buster game. an tupa harness power 60-90% of all other characters which makes it ulimate character with his own ability (fall into a chasm to discover his power),1
madcrazypug7 : this is an absolutely wonderful game,1
pizzaguy35! bop : it is a great game and it controls amazing and very fun it is engaging and has a great art style that compliments the visuals i would recomend,1
prashant kumar : that background is so mesmerizing. and love how it changed through the whole day. awesome work. such simple game but yet amazing. hats off,1
ollie duffy : well made,1
alyssa smith : such a fun game! ads aren't too bad,1
andrew danis : a perfectly simple game with perfectly simple execution,1
dhruba ranjan das : it's really a awesome game.... rather it should called a recreational experience... i loved this game. but the graphics should be more attractive... at the end i want to say a great experience i got from this game. thanks to noodlecake studios...,1
maitrey verma : the game has been on my phone for years. it is a lovely experience. i only have one request and sure would be of many others.. kindly remove the rocks in the game when in zen mode. i would be delighted if this is taken up by you guys. regards,0
jen tuuli : whenever i'm upset or can't get my brain to stop fixating,1
miguel pauwels : this game is blowing my mind ! relaxing and wonderful game! well done!,1
kns aditya : the game has a bug wherein the selected character's jump function is disabled automatically/character does not jump even if you keep touching the screen. and this gets fixed sometimes if you restart the game. very weird,0
matt elliot : good to play but the ads are driving me mad as they keep opening the app store when trying to close them. don't mind ads sometimes but spending half my time dealing with them with this game. not worth the hassle unfortunately. uninstall.,0
siddharth ambroise : this is a fantastic game. i have had it for over a year now and i still play it. the zen mode is my favourite because it had some awesome music to accompany the simple gameplay.,1
shweta shines : i've add this game to meditation and relaxing folder rather than the games folder on on phone. because its so calming and relaxing and entertaining at the same time,0
samarth bakare : the game is ........ohh man i am speechless.the game is good the graphics are good everything is going well excepting one thing......it always stuck after starting for minimum 5minutes the touching sometimes doesn't work please fix these issues,0
crepe penguin : best game i've ever played. the visuals are beautiful,1
alexander todorov : i have the game installed for a few years now and never actually rated it. don't even know why,1
javier jordan : difficult to see the rocks and character when in night time mode. difficult to outrun an elder . need a way to gain more speed. also need way to jump higher when trying to jump over a cavern.,0
gk world cic : cool game. good for time pass and relaxing,1
harish hangouts : really like this one,1
manpreet juneja : aldo's adventure is one pure pack class of how melting a game can be. love the gameplay,1
jeffrey harris : a great game which is free though i am confused about why people complain about the ads because of you doing want them just but no ads or else how well the devs get money huh? just stop complaining. and yes the tapping problem is there but that's is just if part of your hand is kinda on the screen you know so stop complaining and get a phone which doesn't have a screen that goes to the edge. sorry for the long review.,0
ahants zha : great game,1
mahdieh dehghani : one of the best games that i have ever played. so relaxing! there is just one thing that is bothering,1
zerieth : fix the freaking blue feather! i'm stuck on this stupid mission but it hardly ever spawns,0
nt : 5 star for games but 3 star cause forcefully ads when finished game,1
kyle huitt : i'm gonna give this 5 stars because it really is a subtle,1
dinesh kumar : it's super fun and soooooo beautiful,1
chris fabres : this game has been exceptional throughout my prior experience with it,1
harry lee : simple and fun,1
vz matthews : such a chill but exciting way to pass the time! took me a bit to understand the hype for this game,1
dezert : this game controls really smoothly and the graphics - it's a visual masterpiece. the scores in this game are incredibly relaxing,1
utkarsh kalra : noodlecake should make a music app with all such gorgeous sound that are so soothing i mean i had installed this app just to listen to it's background music in zenmode my favourite one is the sound of rain one more suggestion is that enable a nature mode in the game i meant to say that we should be able to choose what kind of music (like morning,1
alex bow : the reaction time jumps keep it from being relaxing while the show backflips keep it from being fun from moment to moment. plus the ads are a bit invasive.,1
artemis vellacott : fun,1
thebest_aza : i like the tricks,1
saim sammy : a salute to whoever came up with this idea ,1
s.l. knoxx : i really love this game,1
unfunniest : this game is very addictive due to the pleasing graphics and the smooth feel of the controls and the leveling feels good to finish i do want more than just a backflip trick though.,1
mubashshir ifrad : the game freezes every time i pick a power up,1
jack daniels : an amazing adventure with minimal effort it's easy to play time flies and it's just simple beautiful fun at its core with minimal ads and bs to deal with 5 starts all the way amazing app!/game!,1
zeina abou dallah : this is the most beautiful game in the world,1
swati purohit : the only game that provides the fun of being through the cold mountains,1
ashutosh mishra : best graphics and smoothest game play i've ever experienced ,1
lanz escuzar : the game is really good but i hope the flipping speed increase a little because the slopes and cliffs always change everytime it's so hard to adjust where to jump or not ... that's all,1
sushila varade : this is one of the best running games i've ever played! the greatest thing in tjis game is its weather/climate. the climate's color is superb that every human can feel the nature in it! and the background music and the surrounding sound made this game realistic...! we can feel alto's adventure in it!,1
nicole saponara : very fun and calming!,1
ty swift : very stress relieving. simple,1
kingteogthe : beautiful game that is between the player and themself,1
robert reeder : the game was great at the beginning. then,1
j stephens : love the sound track. the game is fun but after you've played for week or so it get highly repetitive. i would recommend this game if you just need a quick time waster.,1
richardev : one of my favourite games. amazing scenery,1
boaz b : since buying the no-ad upgrade for 2.99,1
david campbell : played for a couple months. game crashes on launch every time now. no changes,1
gary di franco : it also cuts out my music player when the ads cone in and doesn't automatically restart. this is not on. i would rate it 5* otherwise,0
imran hossain : if you are feeling stress,1
chloe pudsey : i love this game so far. the music is beautiful and calming and i love how the days pass and the weather changes. i also love how there is a zen mode where you can play without chalanges or a game over. i adore games with this graphic art style. good game,1
rohan singha : it's a very good game with a very soothing music. the music specially in the zen mode is very relaxing with infinite lives. overall after this game i feel very calm.,1
zion : 4 stars because my loading takes soooo long to load. i have to wait over 10 mins for the game to load,0
sebastian riera : found this game really addictive and joyful. i didn't find the characters in the game much interesting. or much different one from another. nonetheless,1
jashan ghumaan : very very very wrost game please don't install it please don't waste your time on it fully wrost game just only we can tap on screen or hold all game are automatic we just tap to jump or hold to backflips almost all game are automatic please don't waste your time on these game,0
elias torres : i was great! it really helped me calm down on those stressful days,1
the archives : like alto's odessey,1
donald buri : it's very fun and i love it. however,1
connor l. : alto's adventure is super simple to play yet somehow soooo much fun. i just hate ads ruining my day,1
dina hussein : the game is very relaxing and the background music is very meditating and beautiful,1
dylan dreamix : relaxing,1
itsthequenchiest : i cannot express how beautifully put together this game is. it's so relaxing,1
mya eagan : it is amazing to say the least there is a perfect amount of ads for my liking,1
jie zheng : fun for a while,1
michelle horn : it is a beautiful game. i absolutely loved it,1
a google user : while the game itself is lovely the shifting day and night effect are a big strain on the eyes. unless you have 20/20 eyesight and no sensitivity you cannot play this game peacefully. have to uninstall for my longterm eye health. a pity. wish there was a way to turn off the shifting lights.,0
pi_zzalover 1 : this game is beautiful! the music,1
404personnotfound ___ : it's a very good game. one thing i would like to change is the level of the llama. i know it's on level 41 in order to keep you playing,1
hristijan nikolovski : nice looking ui but not much to do in the game. it's the same thing over and over again,1
vicente costanzo : it's a nice game,1
katie hillebrecht : i love the game but it stopped working altogether. whenever i tried to open it the app would just crash. i tried restarting my phone and it didn't help. the best game in the world isn't worth anything if you can't play it.,0
aurora barnwell : i love the calm of the zen mode,1
jay smith : i'm using the free version and it's pretty cool but if you crash a few times you do have to watch a video to keep playing so don't crash and you can just keep playing and it's awesome.,0
chloe christian : aa much as i like this game i will be unistalling it as it takes up too much space. that aside i really enjoy it and would recomend it.,1
asher taylor-dawson : basics are quick to learn; mastery takes time. great graphics,1
hari krishnan : sublime gaming experience. ambient music that runs in the background helps alleviate stress while providing brilliant gaming experience.,1
ruwyrique solutions : awesome visual experience with some great music! gameplay could use some tweaks but absolutely beautiful game! installing the sequel right now.,1
carrie kelley : it was a ok game but it wasn't something for me. the music was relaxing but i couldn't relax since i was trying to read how to play on jumping and not you crash and to collect my illamas . over all,0
pushyank nahar : my sister was 7 months pregnant and she was quite unwell. we lost the baby today. i was broken. i discovered the zen mode and i just cried throughout while playing. thank you. for this game. for the music. thank you,0
noelle ley : gorgeous. the game description for these games don't do it justice! this game is absolutely amazing,1
anik paul : it's a great game for sure. but nowadays it's crashing before open. sometimes crashing while playing or start to play. don't know why it's happening.,0
hailey clark : at first glance it looks like your average game but once you play it and get the hang of it,1
karan brar : very good game. it helps me kill my boredom. animation is amazing,1
callum lisner : alto' adventure is a beautiful game. i love the use of zen mode and when i'm stressed it's a great game to play to calm down. it is simplistic but fun.,1
virginity_makr 69 : zen mode is the best music i've ever heard,1
max hunts : i fell in love with this game the moment i saw it! the overal mood and feel it has is just perfect! i adore the music,1
the knightman : this game has a relaxing feel yet still challenging. sometimes at work when it's hectic it's nice not to play violent games and chill out. after rank/level 10 it takes off.,1
unknown unknown : found a glitch that when in zen mode and you fall in a gap,1
allan demarest : love this game! it would be great if i could redo the goals from the beginning. or maybe random goals can come up as i keep playing after all the goals have been completed.,0
monarch 2004 : great game right when it starts to get a little boring the game throws a new and exciting challenge at you. and to deal with the ads play without wifi,1
faith williams : great game aside from the excessive ads. even to replay a round,1
xpertea : this one of the most relaxing games i have every played. the music relieves all the stress i have,1
l : i absolutely love this game. which is why it really sucks that the game crashes 5 seconds in. i'll give this 5 stars once it's fixed bc it's a really good game and i love the ambience but please fix it!,1
chris kelley : very cool,1
vaibhav bansal : all is good but there should be one checkpoint so that if a player reaches a good distance,1
super gamer : the best game i ever seen.if u want to relax and play a game.this is the perfect game to play and the background music that's awesome. good jop "noodlecake",1
denis kostadinov : jumping over stuff is really weird. you lose a lot of momentum without a reason. jumps follow more of a ballistic curve rather than a parabola.,1
nonsensevging joel : the controls are responsive and there is no unfair loses. the objectives and upgrades feel great and you only see yourself improving.,1
darthdanimal doman : alto's adventure is a beautiful game and relaxing game,1
azk : the game is simple to play though you need to get used to the control the player for a while. best thing i like is the amazing graphic backgrounds,1
default master rmr : i like this game but all levels are almost same just run and run.... i think it can be better when some new map will added....(r.i.p english),0
xxdepressoxespressoxx : as someone with alot of stress,1
sunena shetty : the game isn't registering the completion of the level 32 task wingsuit for 200m. heck i've had the wingsuit for over 1000m and it still doesn't friggin register! my game is up to date so i don't understand what the issue is. please fix it!,0
player 580 : the music is calm and peaceful.the scenery is extremely beautiful.the gameplay itself is simplistic yet fun to play.with zen mode,1
google play india : great game. at the bottom of my heart i just loved it's soundtrack. classy graphics and soothing music. gameplay and game story is just above the mark.,1
vishal durai : smooth and relaxing gameplay. mainly the music! just put on the headphones and it will take you somewhere deep into thoughts.,1
martin cox : one of the worst type of games. where it is a premium game but it expects you to pay for skips on a regular basis. it is deceptively addictive. do not download. you will have just enough fun to purchase more fun instead of an upfront cost.,1
meehiiplayerzz : this game is so chill same with this game's brother alto's odyssey,1
vincent nowak : terrible design. poor controls,0
coolguy niceguy : this game is so beautiful i love how the time changes and the music is peaceful the graphics are amazing its just everytime when i die i can't even watch a ad to relieve but overall its a great and peaceful game,0
jake leigh : looks very pretty. otherwise very basic,1
jay : it's a fun game but... the ads or ridiculous i would rather pay the game instead seeing an ad after every "run" all in all tho it's a really fun game to cure your boredom for those long bus rides and those boring family events,0
sean harris : i give it a two just because of the nighttime in game. you can't see anything at all and there is no setting to adjust day and night cycle. annoying af.,1
shah chirag : probably the best relaxing and entertaining game i've played till date.. simple concept and simple controls make it enjoyable.. and sounds are good.. keep it up..,1
haru boy : this is very good game it gives me a peaceful vibe and good thing is that it has a zen mode where we can play endlessly with beautiful song playing in background and when u play while using earphones u will feel very good.!,1
chinmoy kalita : addictive game but there are some impossible jumps which forces you to watch an ad in order to continue from that particular point and that's the reason i am uninstalling it.,0
ishan kalia : the best game i have ever played. graphics,1
unite modongo : one of my favourate games.the game is so simple but is so addicting.amazing graphics,1
florentino santiago : i just want to inform you that i'm so so and very much so dissappointed in this game. i have played this game for months just to unlock all the characters,1
brian busby : such a bummer. this game was amazing and they ruined it with ads. i'd pay to remove them,0
mark schwanke : should be able to choose forwarder back flip option. some things are impossible to jump on early in your run.,1
owen : the game is excellent,1
ace 2k : game is super fun on a laptop when your bored but it would be so much better if you didn't have to click the mouse everytime you wanted to jump.,1
greg : purchase disappeared. i purchased this game a few years ago. uninstalled it on the phone i had before my new one. just went to play it again and i am getting ads.,0
s.a.m. : this game is just amazing and calming,1
s g : i love this game but it's unplayable on pixel 6,1
antonio culjak : ah,1
lana perez : this is a very fun game with awesome graphics. i would prefer altos odyssey because it has the power ups. overall this game is really fun.,1
jackson dunn : game is poorly designed,1
steven derochie : something i can play right before bed. the music in the game is super soothing. just cruising down some big slopes. great game.,1
m.a2z : need multiplayer as well as portrait resolution mode to make it fun and simple with single handed gameplay,1
astro hassan : this is an absolute desire! you can't stop playing it with the stunning graphics & enviroment. keep it up!,1
michelle grant : beautiful graphics,1
doug nichols : i really enjoy the game,1
jackson bunch : terrible game,1
corrupt y : it's not a bad game,1
joseph cooper : this game is very simple,1
tan kent : game is nice,1
daniel burgener : i played until i got to my first ad. ads are fine,1
brain freeze : i really love the windy and snowy weather. so basically that's why i've become addicted of this game..but the thing i mostly hate into it is the ads which come after 2 rounds ..so there is no doubt that i'll play it with connexion off .. so try to fix that as soon as possible..thanks to all the team who've developped this awesome game,0
abhay natke : i really loved this game.. never felt bored playing it...has a great graphics & calming sound effects.. though in the end levels get tougher to clear bt it's fine cause that's why it gets interesting..,1
kartikey ken : this game has a deep place in my heart i still remember i played this game first time on someone's else phone and i fell in love with this game . the themes of the game give you a direct connection to the beauty of nature and it is extremely satisfying. we don't need games like pubg or freefire we need more games like these actually all these games like plant vs zombies ,1
connor bell : simple,1
connor denton : the mechanics are as beautiful as the graphics. no ads unless you want a free revive,1
aneesh nair : 5 stars for the game,1
dmc advance : good game to start with but gets very repetitive. too much focus on the other characters,1
brian frichette : there are two types of games. games you buy,1
tenate108 : i love this game so much,1
shreyansh kulshreshtha : this game is sooo calming and nice. the music,1
mahli mar : developers know what a quality game they have created. beautiful,1
michael alvin : sincerely this i've seen more games of course but this is just wow it's just wow because the zen mode feature is just it is just relaxing as you're playing it's very very relaxing and also the background music the graphics and the sound effects are also very very legit very authentic,0
kyle saw : one of the best game i've ever played. the background and music makes me so relaxed and motivated. great game to play when you need some rest.,1
harish rankawat : chasm jump is not so good,1
amal roy thomas : this i play at my childhood and that time this was my best game,1
abhay poptani : just one thing the game should not have so many goals,0
stephen o'connor : edit 03/12/2020 - score dropped to 3 stars. the game is super buggy now,1
h clark : such a delightful game to play. the controls are simple; gameplay challenging,1
louis wagner : fun game but too many ads. it tries to ask you to watch ads when you fail to get a revive,0
kevin saunders : ads are obnoxious and frequent. game isn't worth nearly $7 to disable ads. otherwise,0
xander ginn : most relaxing offline game i've come across,1
with the power of my stand : i love geting pop up ads mid game then crashing in to a rock because of it and the constant ads that just break the feel of the game and also the random lag spikes when your about to jump a rock or a cliff or anything is great,0
archit sasta : this game is great and android version is better compared to the ios version. it is not bugging and the game is very responsive and dont lack. in ios it is still good but takes a bit more time to load,1
contact chris : it's a bit rage inducing at times but it's challenging,1
bruh 16 : this is one of the best games i have played on mobile. it is very relaxing and i could play zen mode for hours. no ads,1
miles uijfr : super peaceful,1
yokabel million : i love the graphics of the game.it feels smooth and different from other games that try to hard with the 3d models and look bad.it also barely has ads and is just enjoyable to play.i definitely recommend this game if you enjoy chill smooth games that bring a peaceful vibe,1
flippin peachy : honestly like this better then odyssey,1
darlok williams : this is a very boring ripoff of the original ski safari game (released in 2012; this came in 2015). while the art style and animation is,1
abby braun : i like the desert one and the winter one but the winter one is my favorite i would recomend this game to anyone i do have one segustion to have a option to skil the tutorial.,0
emery braun : amazing game. immersive,1
thepyrope : this game is truly beautiful,1
ambati sai kalyan : most relaxing game love the concept of the game the music is what makes the game really special with a good pair of headphones you can really get a good experience during these quarantine times the best way to battle anxiety 5 out of 5,1
julius ian duero : when i just downloaded it just now,1
anirban manna : i bought the ad-free version of alto's adventure and received 5000 coins,1
demar tobey : what a fantastic game. the music and the graphics go together in such a professional way,1
margarita rayzberg : the game itself is terrific. the ads,1
raging fire : the graphic are the best,1
jason brody : whoever made sound track and music for this game deserves an special place in my heart. 10/10 it made my soul melt with it's simplicity.,1
avid riaz : best geme to pass time. specially for those who love relaxing game. the music and grafic is outstanding.... overall a beautiful concept to relex mind.,1
amit chand : dumb logic,1
a google user : it's not about the actual gameplay but the background and colors. the game is fun sure but just looking at the background puts you in a good mood,0
ar tech : the game is amazing ,1
karan chheda : the sound is soooo soothing that it makes u wanna play more even though u r feeling sleepy. i am glad that i found this game. very nice. the aesthetic background. personally i like minimalist drawings and that's what got or helped me find this game in the first place.,1
raymomma acklin : alto's adventure: the game devs did great. they made a game that was kinda chill but also kinda hard. keep up the good work.,0
pyzorg : honeslty ,1
mohamed mansoor : this game is awesome and wonderful. it has beautiful scenery and view. i can feel it like i am in switzerland or siberia. its a fun game too.this is a best game for people who are stressed and have migrate. because its a relaxing game. i love this game very much,1
gabriel huajardo : really fun,1
hailey baker : simple,1
morgan dalton : this game is absolutely amazing . i am recommending it to anyone . the only thing is that coins are really hard to collect. otherwise a all round amazing game,1
pratik bhatt : alto's adventure is the most peaceful and aesthetic end runner game in the market till date . this game helps to relax both my mind and soul in such a way that peace is established . the game design is really minimal and aesthic also same for the music . tl;dr 1.audio-10/10 (great) 2.gameplay-8/10 (fun but might get repetitive for someone out there) 3.controls-8/10 (easy to learn a little tricky to master) peace & positivity that's what this game about .,1
al kyr : beautiful scenery & music along with a smooth experience,1
big brain77 : i love this game. the concept is super fun and i enjoy trying to get new high scores and unlocking new characters.,1
vidyadhar hegde : a game that relaxes and calms you mood. beautiful graphics. serene music. enjoyable gameplay.,1
mitchell ward : my favorite game on the app store so far. even if u dont feel like going for a high score the zen mode just tops the cake in the game. the soundtrack plays the biggest part,1
raymond mittochi : yo i enjoy playing this game,1
terence stigers : when i choose not to watch a video to revive a character,0
omkar hasbe : game is nice but there's a bug in game sometimes in the game the character won't jump even after tapping on screen like the normal one the game runnes properly just it don't accepts control response from us.,0
william martin : can play this game without paying by there is too much emphasis on watching advertisements or paying coin to revive your character,1
stan p1harmony : amazing! the graphics are really good,1
hyper fa : it was really relaxing & good overall! music tends to get repetitive & so does gameplay & i can barely see the rocks at night.,1
saule rima : i thought it was going to be relaxing game but i cant do a back flip,1
jatin kachhela : a masterpiece the music is perfect the aesthetic the environment the zen mode everything about this game is beautiful and the guy who made the music and sounds deserves a raise,1
samuel dugbartey : the quality,1
khalid latif : addictive game with minimal but amazing graphics. love the zen mode and the soft music. the levels give me urges to go on and on.,1
kahra loding : i lost all my progress in this game because i switched to a new phone. for your information,1
mithun mithun : the game will be good with levels as it is like watching the same scene over and over and it just goes and goes on and the guy in the horse is so fast that he catches me easily,0
slash patron : this game is great though it has bugs in my phone. so far bugs are the only thing i have noticed.,0
george kameroff : when you crash into a pit doing a flip and restart. the camra does not pan on izazal. i lost a lot of progress because of that. i got a photo of it.,0
tentedeagle : noice.... i just don't it when gravity and physics actually work and send me down a cassam instead of bouncing on a balloon. other than that,0
vinny fidanza : hard. too hard. super hard. all the other reviews say "great game,1
lawrence ebale : i have a problem on sleeping so to help me relax ,1
austin farmer : for a game all about smooth/relaxing visuals and sounds,1
martin sky : good game but would be fun if it had different scenes and setup .not the same starting point and goals .,1
mohammad al ali : funny ..but sometimes boring,1
noah pleiter : the zen mode is very relaxing and helps you calm down after a long day. the music is also very calming and the art style is nice.,0
krithivasan v : a nice game with good graphics . fun to play when you are relaxed or feeling down. amazing game devs.,1
sage jakobi : hey,1
dr. dennis neder : not great. controls are intermittent at best. tricks rarely work. graphics,0
swati moondongre : i love this game because of many things like the background,1
real markinator : beatiful little gem. it's gameplay is simple and it's visuals are amazing. highly recommend!!!,1
phillip moody : love the game play,1
squeenixu : genuinely one of the best mobile games i've ever played,1
laura : this game is absolutely beautiful. the graphics,1
eev _ : one of the best games i have ever played,1
bruhbroz : its breathtaking. (ps there is a glitch where if you fall in the right way the board spins and floats away also could you add a racing mode where you race a npc/player? thanks),1
wayne o'banion : this game is beautiful. torin borrowdale did amazing work on the zen mode music. i just had to put his name out there. the game is simple,1
irina demirgian : the sound track is beautiful. the zen mode is relaxing. the graphics are incredible. the entire game is just *chef's kiss*,0
daru dsouza : i just love this game how each character has his own advantage thats amazing and 1 more thing is that if u could make new maps then the game would be more amazing,1
shamim ahmed : love you alto very big thanks to music composer,1
soumik karmakar : it is really a very adventurous game. full of full . but if a joystick was fixed then it can be more tough.,1
michael bingham : what a neat little game. easy to learn controls. pretty scenery,1
m a : loving the game,1
sean mundy : was a good game. but after wiping my progress and inserting ads that freeze the game,1
k b : hey there devs,1
randy carter : beautifully illustrated but its wasted by forcing to watch ads every little mistake. irritated into quitting before i had a chance to appreciate it.,0
renato : game is gorgeous. but,1
carter stewart : great graphics and beautiful scenery and design,1
nikolajs romanovs : cheating instead of cheking your ability to do hard levels. if you need to jump over 5 chasms in one run,1
joshua killingsworth : a very fun game with nice visuals and easy controls. definitely something to pass the time!,1
emily : the graphics and background music are very aesthetic and soothing. you can also prevent ads as long as you don't have an internet connection.,0
bruno bavaresco da silva : not gonna doom the game with a one star,1
nobody_really : works smoothly even on a cheap device. really great graphics and really relaxing and addictive game. no skill required and fun. 10/10 recommend.,1
sociey_repose : i really live this game. the style is beautiful and the music really makes up a lot of the experience. it's engaging,1
nox : this game is phenomenal! the music is fantastic,1
austin : why cant i jump?! it says tap to jump in the tutorial but suddenly i'm not able to jump anymore. i end up crashing on the first rock i encounter! frustrating.,0
derek sobol : the night cycle is annoying,1
lisa tanzi : wish there was a paid version. i can't stand having to watch a 30 second ad every time alto crashes.,0
andrey leshchiner : one of the only games that looks exactly like the trailer in-game. very fun to play. i play it offline all the time,1
hitendra madhu : sir i'm a non player of games. & i saw this game in my 25 yrs old son's mob & i'm so amazed to see this wonderful game. it has capacity to dip u into meditation.. by its zen type music & magnificent background. i never thought a game can be so positive that it can send you into trans... really beautiful.. thank you for providing the same & that too free of cost.,1
joe shepard : this is my goto game for clearing my mind and relaxing. it's fun,1
bidarahalli adithya : the game is so cool and very nice to play recomendation:play this game with headphones. you'll get a nice and good experience...also add new things to be purchase in workshop. the only thing irritating is ads. so playing this game in offline is best...nice game cool audio,1
antonia polat : relaxing,1
sarah gould : l really like this simple game,1
g b : so i love this game to bits. it's just a fun little adventure down a mountainside. that being said my antivirus just said it contained malware and i reported it as a false positive but just in case i deleted it. just want to let the devs know.,1
joe montoya : simple waste of time. but,1
bhumika korat : it's relaxing adventure game! the landscapes,1
eyenjau singha : its the frst time have come of my own to give ratings bcz this game is sooooooooo realxing and so good ..its music is out of this world ..superb ..i love it .. main thing is the game is simple but the music the animated things nd all the nature in it is so relaxing ..i would surely recommend it,1
joel lahenius : rocks don't visually stand out from the background (trees etc.) and are thus super hard to detect. i don't think this is the point of the game.,1
justin : fantastic and peaceful,1
will : awesome app! it looks amazing,1
a google user : boring. at first i could flip really good but then i do something stupid in the air when i'm trying to flip and then i fall... i can't even get on that line thing in the air!,0
christel j.a.k : love love love it. if you need to relax and play at the same time this is the game for you. its an impressively inovative game i have to admit. its quite difficult to reach other levels but... its what makes the game a game.,1
lea schulte : love everything about it. the most simplistic beauty i've ever seen in a speed run game. i don't even get frustrated when i crash and burn.,1
kabelo mkwani : this is......really cool this game is more like don't look at the cover and think you know it....i think alto is my inner peace...its perfect.. i know good games it has perfect graphics...perfect characters...perfect..skating...you see inner peace "download and find inner peace..,1
namasiku shinana : i love so smooth on car rides love the game smooth sounds every time it's like the opposite of getting over it i dont think it need any upgrades cause it's great the way it is keep up the great work,1
xhavia k.l.m : it's a very calming game which still gives the satisfaction of completing goals and levels,1
zala silic : this game is the best gane ever. when im stressed i can play this game for hours! it's so relaxing. it is even better on headphones beacuse you can hear the snow,1
mohammad kermani : it's very bad to see games are designed in a way to force you watch ads,0
- elder : i've been playing this game for many years and saw so much improvement,1
dan is back : very calm music and this game is perfect if you need to get something of your mind. you can go in gen z mode and have infinite lives. really calm i recommend downloading it!!,1
badrul amin : i've already play both alto adventure and odyssey and it's never get me bored. graphics was at it's finest. i felt so calm and relaxed when playing this game. i recommend this game for those who seek for adventure itself,1
neelanjana k : the game has a zen mode to it which really helps with stress and the graphics are really good . the game is an offline runniy game and is the best running game i've played . visit me on google play games to be kept updated about my current games . i am heraldwitch,1
harsh somaiya : i loved this game but in a past few days on my s20 5g in running game the touch stops responding and character stops jumping. only way to solve is restart the game. the phones touch is still responding on all other apps.,0
krishna m. : the graphics and the gameplay is nice..but it would be better if the character and obstacles looks little bit larger..,1
luka mukoski : as a great fan of side-scrolling arcades,1
a google user : i adore this game...from music to characters,1
brennan manning : this game is absolutely fantastic. this is one of those games where you can escape to a world that's peaceful and quit. the graphics music and the no ads are brilliant. this game is amazing.,1
taylor trimarco : it's good for the first couple minutes but then shoves ads down your throat the zen version though means no ads but if you are doing the regular version with score it starts to really push them down your throat,0
uchiha : i love this game ,1
chigbo ugwuoke : extremely relaxing and kind of fun. and the zen mode was just what i was looking for! would recommend as a great offline time killer and relaxer.,1
stephanie kagle : this game- & its sequel- are true zen. gameplay is honed to perfection with clear love & care put into every aspect. there are ads & microtransactions like any free game,1
eudora j. e. : a bit hard to see obstacles,1
philip daniels : everything about this game is amazing!! the controls,1
gabi eksteen : this game brings me immense joy. the music is as enchanting as the scenery. easy game mechanics. would be nice if you added an info section/storyline intro explaining the situation,1
austin diconti : been looking for a chill game like this. love the simple,1
terre cabigas : this game is very relaxing as you said. graphics are good,1
sam wiens : the game works really well as something to pick and play once and awhile. with a simple concept it manages to stay entertaining.,1
prateek hegde : hey guys great work.. i usually don't write reviews but thought this game deserves one... i just wanted to give a suggestion. or maybe it's already there but i dunno... can u add a feature of showing personal best scores... maybe 5 or 10...that would be great,0
strategic master : good graphics and stuff and very realistic. recommended for people who are always on the go. only problem for me is it can get a bit boring after a while. good game,0
joshua dias : it's ok,1
wayne loubser : awesome game! if you don't download it then i'm sorry for you! but..... after the last update,0
carmen berrios : earn max points,1
daggs234 : beautiful game. fantastic game to play on the go. i don't regret my purchase one bit. if you have extra money you want to blow,0
sarah h : omg!!!!!!!! best game in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??!??? i definitely would recommend this to a friend you should too it's got easy controls and it's easy to play and you should get the chance to get this awesome game,1
who cares : practically no upgrading,1
fabricated krueger : has good graphics,1
jake thamann : when i wrote a review on the sequel i decided to download this and its awesome!!! the soundtrack is even more relaxing then the sequel and the scenery is amazing really really good game!,1
umakant sahoo : it is also one of the best product of alto .it helps me in many way.its background music its control its scenery is the best. its music also help me for many other way,1
stylus sticc : this game looks beautiful. i feel like it could be such a good game,1
sakib khan : as told before. definitely a game to play. the scenario and music really are soul moving. this game really has gotten me through some rough patches of my life. i would recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a game that provides a sense of calmness,1
ham bone : it's a fun game. but it's better if you play it on airplane mode because of all the ads that play for about 1min before you can close them.,0
lauren wickert : i love this game! i beat it once and then reset progress and am in the process of beating it again. it's always my go to for killing time.,1
kartik sharma : only problem with game is if you choose to watch ad to revive player and by mistake you hit ad and playstore open. then your gane will start from begining and all progress will be lost.,0
akshat jain : i love the game but after level 10 the game keeps crashing,1
thuwonna nguyen : this game is so beautiful and relaxing. would 100% recommend to anyone dealing with anxiety or stress. ps. if ads keep coming up you can simply turn off your wifi or data,0
valluri sundarrao : review:- alto's adventure - an enjoyable snowboarding adventurer game. rating:- 3/5. alto's adventure judgment is an good enjoyable snowboarding game. but because of for few minus points,1
dominick barberena : finally a great and simple game that doesn't have too many ads. great design and animations.,0
madhav murmu : chasing game much more interesting than running game easy controls night modes which comes automatically and keep running doing stunts. all who loves snow ski and snowboard likes much and love this game.,1
quindace feline polinar poricallan : only downloaded the game 6 hours ago and i'm having a blast ! totally would recommend this game to others! (warning: you might fall a sleep with the music) *just kidding * i love it! best game i've downloaded this year!,1
joao marcos santos teixeira : great and rilex game. i gotten four star because the managers (not the developers) can put less advertising. if you don't play yet,1
arlee schreiner : its a fun relaxing game with a beautiful design. however,1
a google user : the game is awesome ,1
saba farzanyar : i loved it. highly recommended. it was free on my android amazingly creative,1
daksha patel : this is a great example that games don't require "graphics" to be amazingly beautiful. if i was a rich person,1
silerthin prath : amazing game. i've been playing this for a long time and have loved every second of it. from the music to the smooth game plays and the calming zen mode,1
seasonal allergies. : this is a game that i will never delete. it is so beautiful. everything about this game is beautiful except for when you dont catch the llama or alpaca thing it eventually jumps off of the cliff but this game deserves a freakin 10 star. absolutley brilliant in every way.,1
haemathermal : it's so good and relaxing to play. the music and the background pictures are so fit. i also like zen mode.,1
johnny walker : it used to be fun. that was before the intrusive ads. what used to be a super relaxing experience has been completely ruined. i understand the need to make money with ads,0
bubbles : for what it is,1
tyrese harris : i love this game so much. it's very fun and engaging. also,1
savita yadav : the game is good with cute graphics,1
dean anderson : this is an amazing game,1
havoc controller playa : very fun and addictive game i would give 5 stars but 2things need to change 1 the speed of the elders because if your using the 2nd character is to slow. 2 the backlip speed of paz. but overall a good game,1
yui : first of all,1
tenille gajadhar : every 2 games is an ad that can't close. fun game but that ruins it. can't really play the game with constant ads that won't close.,1
yan hesyandi : i was unlocked almost all character in this game (2 characters left) in my previous game,1
lucas johnson : the visuals are beautiful and very relaxing. the game itself is also challenging,1
brian sammons : this is not relaxing in the least bit,1
enan louise : good entertainment for those players interested in skiing and chasing llamas? game play has you doing stunts,1
hopping eagle : this game is good has good songs and grafics but the problem with the game is that after 3 games played it wont let you jump and you have to restart the app to play again,0
jayashree rajamani : this game is the best way to kill time! helps you to keep up your presence of mind...you are constantly trying to collect coins and llamas,1
greenalien 51 : boring and the the controls never work. you can't even jump. have to restart the game only to repeat the same issue again.,0
a google user : this game,1
sam allen : this game sets a mood for adventure,1
naveen chand : not able to get the free life after watching the videos multiple times. forcing me to use the coins to continue playing.,0
tonya penn : really wanted to play this,1
nicolas flamel : extremely calm and concise game. perfect sharp minimalistic graphics. soothing music and simple controls all adding upto a pleasent experience.,1
frick frack the snick snack is back : i like odyssey better for the inclusion of the balloons,1
isabella stratton : possibly the most beautifully designed game with an easy game play. lovely soundtrack. moving and inspiring. truly a masterpiece.,1
m m : the nostalgia from the music and this game i get when i play it is crazy. i played it back in 2015 and is still love it. simple fun and nostalgic. no skill required just chill,1
sagar sonawane : best game to pass the time. i play this gane for awesome graphics and soothing music. its really amazing to listen to the game music.,1
ellie anstis : beautiful graphics and simple controls. progression feels fluid and regular,1
feldwebel vertrauen : 10/10 game,1
solo marco : this game is truly so amazing and especially the music is very clever relaxation. even the quality graphic is so rare soothing and phenomenon too! i love it,1
hari rajeev : one of the most beautiful and relaxing,1
ridley soares : it is so fun,1
brian576nnm : this game is good the only reason why i don't like it that much is before it was free people had it for $4 and i was like why because you could get this on an ipad computer for free but you couldn't get it on phone for free so i found it bad because i'm thinking somebody reported that because it was free on all other devices but phone but it's still a really good game i would recommend that you should get it,0
emma p : i used to play this game about a year ago,1
joe shmo : it's an ok game. not sure why it's called alto's adventure. should be called alto's snowboarding. it's basically a snowboarding game. cool if you like snowboarding,1
roaringlionidas : so if your looking for a game with a deep story about lamas then you ain't getting day. if you want a simulator about raming into lamas then this game is perfect. although i wanted a story game kinda annoying.,0
pk vines : it is very awesome app. it fells like real adventure . whenever i play this game it likes i am there in the game. in the night the game look so awesome. it graphics also awesome . best offline game ever i played . if there were 100 stars i will give it 100 stars.,1
tulika sarma : i've been trying to download it from half an hour now. its says 100% download and then again starts downloading from 0%. i don't know what is going wrong. edit: somehow i was able to download the game and it is just osm..... just play this game u will never get bored of this game,1
coal : its just as good as the sequel if not better. the massive looming mountains,1
silmi asy : actually this is a very good game. the graphic is sooooo good. but the thing i hate is the rock or something size is too small. i can't see that and then i died adn i hate it so much.,1
myk dowling : charming game with a great soundtrack. not hugely challenging,1
cassandra b. : beautiful game! i found this game on my ras... this is a gorgeous game with little ads and smooth gameplay. i look forward to seeing more of your games,1
eli heinrichs : honestly this is the best mobile game i have ever played. relaxing yet challenging,1
ezra koech : beautiful game. if you read previous reviews then you probably know by now it's graphics are great and it's very relaxing in its game play. you also probably know it's best played offline lest you love ads. all the same,1
ham : it's one of the best casual mobile games i've ever gotten. the objectives system keeps you from being bored,1
cameron m : the only reason why i gave this 4 stars is because it feels and looks like some sections were created with little thought to the section before or after it. other then that it's perfect.,0
twin games : the game is very calm and slow,1
robin w : this was my most favorite game. i still used to play for relaxation. i just turn on some melody songs and paly this games. the graphics in this game is very great. mainly the sunset & sunrise.,1
weebs kingdom : nice game generally.. stunning graphics and mostly i love that it had zen mode..and the music is very very soothing and relaxing.. highly recommended if you wanna pass tine in a relaxed yet enjoyable manner,1
nerd nerd : it so good,1
a google user : really an amazing game. i love it's mind relaxing soundtracks. background,1
gaurav dabhole : very nice game. but on high speed there is a glitch due to which it doesn't collect the coin. if anyone from the designers reading this comment repair it.,1
whistling whiskers : damn rocks! good game. not sure i'm able to heighten my ability to maintain a hasty type of focus. challenging. i need to stay on edge,1
christina jonas : amazing art,1
hawa augustina : this is one game that doesn't really have a gamethrough,1
cr be : boring. too much of the same thing over and over. played for 10 minutes and i'm over it. visuals and audio are stellar!!just too repetitive for me.,0
mina magdy : it's cool game but it becomes boring to repeat all the same stuff all over again whenever you loose,0
arokia nathan : this is one of the most decent games i've ever played,1
cakey14 : i adore this game! it is so beautiful. the sound design is amazing,1
a google user : very fun time killer,1
m0nst3r : one of the best mobile apps i've ever had!! has never lagged before and helped me relax sososo much!! i would 1000% recommend installing this if you're struggling with autism or adhd (like me) bc it helps me fidget sooo much!! love it!!<33,1
yova vasquez : beautiful game,1
mar pink : i used to play this game with my mom back in my freshman year of high school. i graduated two years ago,1
louise goethals : so beautiful. i could stare at the game for hours. looove the day-night cycle and the weather. it's just such a relaxing,1
tariq wiliams : graphics are beautiful but why are there so many distractions like showing best distance when a rock is approaching and you can barely flip.,0
michael aniekwu : great to pass time,1
mr. kangaroo : best game ever played in my life. i played many games like pubg,1
sri anjan : the game graphics is absolutely awesome and the music is great it will give a great experience in short time,1
zombie ss : never thought i'd be saying this for a game,1
robertshelly bingham : amazing!!!!!!!. i have ptsd from the war and this game is one of the most relaxing games ever. when i start to feel anxious or panicky....i can play this game and it soothes me. great work. hope to see more levels.,1
jose tom : this has to be the most beautiful game i have ever played. why didn't i discover this earlier?? i'm such an idiot. everything about this game is amazing.. i just love the music,0
roan roberto : something i didn't know i needed. i find it very relaxing especially on the zen mode. i love the music and the graphics. good job.,0
a google user : absolutely amazing game.... thr graphics are amazing thr scenery is gorgeous and the music is awesome ... mostly i loved the music and the zen mode. the game is calming and awesome,1
niranjan p m : the game takes us into the world of majic where we dream that if we were in that place such an amazing game more than playing experience it it will take us into some other place such an experience was mine and the graphic also the slow motion is all amazing,1
poorava kumar meena : minimal graphics with beautiful background and background music. great game for relaxing. it's fortunate that it is available free.,1
nicole satiembre : i hate that i always lose the game 'cause the graphics's just too beautiful,0
abrar shafin : best game i ever had! music is awesome .those lightnings ,1
tiggerforhim : i never review. this is so good. so easy to pick back up after being away. a pleasure. one of only 3 mobile games l have kept and keep returning to,1
christian batchelor : pretty relaxing,1
betsy downes : such a cute little game on the go,1
mr. man-man : best mobile game i've played in a while. it plays well,1
dave eccleston : do you love ads? then you'll love this game. couldn't even play it sometimes because the ads took over the screen. uninstalling.,0
a google user : all i want in a game. especially the revenue model: not too many ads and a smart way to pay for additional content. probs!,0
mark rodenhauser : don't understand the hype,1
cute cell : the only thing is all traps are not shown put a signal for rocks or traps,0
arlon wiba : smooth clean graphics. easy to pick up and play. a perfect game to play in the train on your commute.,1
beagledore : this game is beautiful the graphics are awsome. the gameplays not perfect but i mostly like the graphics and sunsets in the game.,1
justin james : amazing game! loved the soundtrack and it blends so well with the gameplay. helps me relax a lot. kudos to the developer.,1
golden cut : visually appealing but that's about it. minimal gameplay. maybe coffee wasn't the right substance to use while playing the game tho...,1
il etait une fois : this game has stolen my heart the scenario gameplay song n everything in it is of the charts n this makes me feel comfortable especially the zen mode. it worth ,1
ahmed raza shibli : the game is fantastic and the music im zen mode. damn it's so perfect and peaceful i really loved it and it helps me relax a lot. thanks a lot to the devlopers of this game. loved it so much,1
zubaida abdulkader : this was a gud game once but now lot of bug and lags and also can u add something like online multiplayer or new maps or final option a new game just like this with better graphocs and other stuff and different mode like hard mode or easy mode or normal mode,0
dany abboud : best game even .peaceful silent music and very good graphics easy controls .it is a world of adventures anf peace. keep the good work .,1
public puffin : amazing graphics and gameplay. love it one improvement is to extend the day time and add a ,1
creative chris 2 : i didnt play this game much so idk much about it but i think that the character is small and that he could be bigger because some people can't see well with how tiny he is. my cousin says it's a good mobile game.,1
josh gordon : alto's adventure is a pretty game with simple and intuitive controls that anyone can understand.,1
dovah kiin : i've played this game before... as i keep switching fones i keep downloading it again. this is by far the best game on the play store. it is indeed a solid 10/10...if you do not believe me,1
mohammad zahdeh : thank you so much for this app! i know this is gonna sound stupid but i've been going through some rough times and alto really helped me through it,1
rajesh t : both games are good,1
weirdo person : this game is the best! i play it from my android and nothing is wrong. the gameplay is addicting and so fun! and the music is beautiful! 11 out of 10 would recommend,1
benjamin spitz : the game crashes every time i activate the wingsuit. the in-game ads are repetitive and obnoxious. fix the wingsuit and i'll consider contributing to the devs.,0
delirium : this game is fun and challenging. it is great to play when you're bored cause it keeps you on focus and entertained. and the graphics are absolutely gorgeous.,1
mlg lukyking : amazong game just amazing. its music is well made and played its envirnments are well designed while also being very simplistice with its shape. overall a great game in this over saturated gaming market. but heyy thats just my opionin so try it out,1
ara gureghian : i like both games but as another review wrote please fix the fact that chasms even with speed cannot be jumped! most. that is ridiculous as it should be a simple fix... please get to it or i just have to uninstall. no sense playing this game at all...,0
matthew burdick : absolutely fantastic game! the graphics and music are great. a very calming and relaxing game.,1
a google user : the in-game ads make this game unplayable. i don't see a way to pay to remove the ads; maybe i already paid and i don't remember. whatever. uninstalling this and odyssey. too bad,0
xassassin play's : it is not bad because the game is what it says it looks like but there are tons for glitches and i got my phone 6 months ago and this runs fnaf ar but yet this game sometimes don't jump when you gain speed and it is a slow restart also my game lags at random but somehow this phone can play fnfa ar perfectly and this game glitches meaning this game is laggy and fnaf ar has more lag but it moves smoothly on to his phone but not my other meaning this game is laggy like hell and sucks.,0
steve martin : the game is great,1
thunder light : i love the game and it has everything the sun comes up and the sun goes down which i really like. what i love about the game is that its a amazing relaxing,1
anup kumar : simple but good graphics . but ,1
harsha vardhanreddy : it is one of the best offline games i've ever played.ait has excellent graphics,1
deac on keys : amazing game and very fun best part about it is that its an offline game but the only thing is i normally play on laptop and its made for mobile and i got to use the touchpad which hurts my finger so if you could make it so i could use space or any button on the keboard but apart from that 10/10,1
ethan baez : this game is packed with soothing sounds and visuals,1
divya jyoti sharma : this is by far the most relaxing game i have played. no stress. you can talk and play it. and also it can be played offline. i have played this game for 4 yrs now. hasn't disappointed me yet. if you are looking for a chill game with calming scenery this game is for you.,0
tom lynham : it's pretty but awfully boring. i appreciate other reviewers comments about the beauty of the design,1
general prodigy : an abdolute masterpeice. its casual and simple yet difficult to master. keeps one engaged for however much one wants. the scenery and the graphics actually make me feel like im back in nepal,1
swaroop sahoo : very cool graphics and good soundtrack to go with. can add different modes though.,1
tabrej shaikh : it's much nice game it s quite simple and nice when i played the game i feel relaxed an my all stress is gone i feel very good to play these game an would really like to give thanks to the game company but i would like to tell that add some challenge and sceans etc,1
yup lord : well made and absolutely stunning visuals and it makes me gush at the soundtrack. amazing game to unwind to offline.,1
munachiso enwere : if you are planning to download this game save your data am find something else,1
rida : it's good game and i loved it but there a problem in it sometimes i can't jump and a have to reopen the game to fix this problem and sometimes it doesn't work so i have to do it again and again to fix it so please help me and fix it,0
sri himanshu mouli garimella : really nice and peaceful. did not like the ads tho. they weren't there initially but that started now and they are pretty long and boring so steals the thunder of the game.,0
jameel ali : nice peaceful game with awesome graphics & weather effects. simple & easy controls. cool menu navigation.,1
jafor siddiqee : theres a great influence of background music in this game,1
lucy 8 : i love the game it's so peaceful but you all need to fix the sensitivity when it comes to landing if the tip of the board is it should count like if you lean back just a little you'll crash please consider my request thank you,0
cleavon olivera : this game is awesome. the animation style used is very nice. overall game is smooth and peaceful. the game is simple but i think there is room for improvement in the game play.,1
cheyenne jordaan : can someone please tell me how to fly proximity wingsuit. i like this game alot and i won't mind telling my friends about it..if someone could maybe do something about all the adds..i see every player complain about the adds,0
jgouken : very,1
aaron minsk : great casual game. sometimes gets really dark and i have to turn up the brightness,1
scott vander meulen : perfect. beautiful artwork and sound design,1
moonlight gachav : this is an amazing game. the music is relaxing the graphics is amzing the setting.... everything! is just amazing,1
johannah dube - mu : this is by far one of the best game experience i've ever had. the graphics,1
shafayat jamil : the best way to timepass. it's not addictive like other games but fresh your mind. a journey towards beautiful scenery and with background music actually motivate you,1
harry morderer : nice music graphics but sooo boring gameplay just jump and turn around is that all and its really really see those rocks in the dark. i may want to play on roar to school during day time and its immopaible to see rocks unless you want to make your beightness max and kill your batery,1
saideep samineni : yeah,1
parashifty : so far,1
colleen sequeira : it's a wonderful concept and a great vibe. but it's frustrating when it gets dark. i can't see the rocks! this game shouldn't have night time,1
dibrisco : visually stunning and fun. the quests are easy to achive but push you further each time. you dont need to pay or get good to enjoy it,1
my tab : this is one of my favourite games,1
ethan rice : fun game,1
neo dufour : excellent! the only problem i'm facing is the incompatibility with the notch of the oneplus 7. if this can be optimised it would be great!,1
aswin p j : can you please include an option to force night time in the game. i usually play the game in bed and the color changes are really irritating. please include an option to force 'dark mode',1
cereal eater : this game is great i will call it a movement based game cuase when you unlock more characters and unlock the wingsuit you can go super fast i do think they need to add a setting to remove the day night cycle and for the people complaining about ads just turn off your wifi 10/10 game.,0
leane dias : its great.just need help transferring my level from another device because i don't want to start over. google play is signed in on both but for some reason on the new device it makes me start from scratch.,0
caren travaso : love the game! but,1
kevin hunter : i would love this game if it worked when i tap to jump. why does it only work sometimes and very rarely? what's the point in playing this game if i can't jump and i just smash into rocks every time?,0
ok boomer : its beautiful the levels are meticulously crafted and even thought its in 2d the controls are easy to understand 5/5 for me.,1
a crazy coder : this is sutch a wonderfull game. simple,1
gulammustufa naiyer : i'm very disappointed due to some add like colour bump 3d which don't have option to shut it down,1
willy illuminatoz : comparing with alto's odyssey,1
richard coote : this game came highly recommended. it needs serious work,1
a google user : my friend really loves this game,1
phoenix ! : this is literally my favorite game ever. i would love to see a racing mode with friends (when you fall you wake 1 second before you get up),1
alex michael : what a wonderful game this is. this is just a normal game tho but what makes it special is its design. it's music and it's look. it just uplifts the person. overall the game is good.,1
md. mikata khan : it is easy to learn but hard to mastar.it has a variety of gameplay.it has a very relaxing and calming music.,1
vikas saahil : the game is fantastic and makes u calm and more peaceful.the music so refreshing and calm that if u r angry or tierd of doing work ,1
soham kumar sahu : beautiful and peaceful game. soothing music along with simple graphics makes it a very interesting game to play.,1
nalule erine : this game is great. equally challenging as it is relaxing.not forgetting it's beautiful graphics and music.,1
konrad okonski : it's a poor man's version of ski safari 1. you'd be better off playing that one- better controls,1
tiberius octavius : alright the game has much less ads and you don't pay for a lot of things but there's just not a lot to do. i wish there were something like levels or campaign.,0
the rogue sammy : simple but really enjoyable. it's got great music,1
markus : amazing art and great soundtrack. i don't find the gameplay to be really engaging though.,1
vishnu vardhan : the game has a bug that if we fall into a chasm and revive,1
darshik purohit : worth it! although it's upto the game to make you reach to the next level.. but you will love it.. might also remind you of old paramount logo..,1
meljo piapot : i love this game! the music and the game itself is so relaxing,1
ravi varman : this game is good the animation is fantastic but they can do many improvments in the game like changing charecters and costume design and new skte board,1
naomi toju : honestly,1
j t : beautiful graphics,1
sivaram achu : wow,1
nicholas morgenstern : redundant in minutes. forces ads with jarring music/sounds you cannot close without being taken to the play store.,0
warryck wade : this is a perfect game. visuals are amazing,1
bikoomixc : it is the best game on the app store. very fun and it does not make you spend lots of money. i would recommend the add free version but you can do without.,1
pawan kumar : i die again n again. i an can't control me watching background and listing music. while playing this game i was lost in dreams like mountain and peace of mind. this game is best.,1
kundan : shittiest app. ads completely destroy the experience. ads never go away and keep repeating. there is no way to exit ads. there is no exit button. this app is a huge scam.,0
dark apple : i love this game!!! the graphigs are super cool and i feel like relaxing when play this game. the best one is the zen mode,1
eliena laurentia : it's a really fun game to play when you're chilling and stuff,1
farabe : stunning visuals,1
a jibaly : cannot synch gameplay. seems excessive to be forced to purchase this game on every device you play it on and additionally have to start your progress all over.,1
animation hub : my offical favorite mobile game,1
paul c : good graphics,1
avery : very relaxing!! (especially in zen mode) it could use more music choices though.,1
kazi abdullah arman : this game is so nice!!! it's so relaxing and peaceful. i first played this game back in 2018 and playing it now reminds me of the fun i had playing this game before. well,1
matthew nisbet-forster : i remember when this game was introduced on sky news and i was so happy when it came out. it's such a cool and so relaxing and the music and graphics make want to play it for hours,1
appleuser#00 : very good experience all its need it different maps and jt will be a 5 star. it has not noticeable bugs or anything related to that. very good game,1
omar fouda : compared to alto's odyssey,1
evan corley : this game is fun to play but the jumping sucks and the only way to make those big jump is with the speed boost that's also bad sicne you only get it when flipping over things,0
sergio dias : this is the best game i have ever played in my cellphone. i love it! its so beautiful and peaceful. the way things just flow,1
jessica : this game is truly addicting me,1
cas : this is usually a great game,1
jade : it's pretty good well made but the rocks are the problem. i have problems jumping over rocks. other than that the game is great,0
gayan h : my display is set to turn off in 15s normally. but during the game,1
nicki chambers : beautiful graphics and soundtracks,1
anuj prakash : bugs - game won't continue even though video has been watched. crashed twice on my redmi note 7 pro. will update the stars once these are addressed,0
80 guitarguy : best game ever. musical score+visual appeal+smooth gameplay = instant relaxation,1
mena c : its relaxing,1
jeremy pack : has potential but buttons lose response! can make jumps with buttons losing response! can't jump chasims! no update in 5 months way to go devs keep that game working!?! not!,0
zaphirom rashir : beautiful. calming music,1
muhamed lisic : the game is great i love it,1
r gaming : this game is the best! its soo peaceful when using the zen mode,1
jimmys stick of fate : used to be my favorite game,1
lily wang : really great graphics and interesting game play. though controls are pretty hard for most characters,1
swaroop kumar : good game if you're into mobile gaming. although i never played this for more than 5 min on a stretch. and ended up uninstalling it as it was quite boring.,1
marcus hughes : i bought the ad free game a while back. and now i have to buy it again,1
bitto benny : dear noodlecake,1
utkarsh pathak : loved the game. wonderful environment. just can't believe how such a simple game can be so addicting. everyone should try the zen mode.,1
rohit kumar : the best relaxing game i have ever seen i feel sleepy after playing this game for 15mins music is soooooo nyz.and sound of rain and fx like thunder and all are just nyzzzz. how can a simple game like this become sooo addictive!!!!!! good work,1
kartik tambi : incredible game,1
raquel torres : the most soothing and bueatiful game in mobile history. if your looking for a zen,1
althaf m.a : alto's adventure is a good game . the tasks were very interesting ,1
imnotquitesure : this is honestly a great game,1
anupama bharadwaj : a visually beautiful game that has a special place in my heart. i am not the type who plays video games because they feel violent but not this game. this game is enjoyable and thrilling.,1
josephwheeler1 : you playing for like 20 or 30 seconds and then crash then you have to watch a video or pay to play again or exit out and restart it could be fun but it takes forever to start over again.,0
david evans : forcing me to watch an advert after every run now is really putting me off recommending it to anyone. shame. it is such a good game.,1
below zero productions : it's a great game,1
dana cousins : if you're looking for a simple game with easy goals this is it. i can easily say this is my favorite game ever. i wish there were more games like this. even the music is relaxing.,1
mcwalter willbrord : same trail over and over again. i didn't even touch the screen to achieve 5000 points. the good thing about this game is the graphic design is awesome.,0
devil drops : thank you so much .. i was so stressed and just came here to install any game to get relief and i found this here... it's such a stress buster ...music in the background wiping out all the sorrows on my mind... arigatou,1
oliver travis : this is a well designed game that gives you a break from everything. a brilliant idea and beautiful art to go with it keep up the good work,1
tabantha : love the graphics. the ads and the fact that it won't register my touchscreen consistently sucks.,0
saberi marais : game is good however there was inappropriate advertising while my child was playing it,1
ayush sarkar : amazing adventure game with wonderful scenery and calming music.it creates a sense of introvert and creates a soothing atmosphere around me in a pleasant way.i usually play this game when i feel sad and it makes me feel cheerful.deserves 5 stars ,1
kelloggs : very good game. i just think that the night time is too dark,1
nancy :d : if u are searching for a relaxing game with amazing graphics this is it. just completed 1 level . amazing game .,1
hoodie : relaxing with a beautiful soundtrack and gorgeous art design. gameplay is fluid and keeps me coming back. 5/5 best game on my phone.,1
connor gartland : this is possibly the best mobile game i've ever played. fun,1
madhab bhaskar7 : this is more than just a game.this game is best in its own way with full of adventures.the way the weathers transform and the lighteninng effect makes it most addictive.i hope this comment would inspire you to make more games like this.this game is awesome in headphones and high refreshed devices......,1
ayush sinha : i habe this game for past 3 or 2 years i'm not sure. and man,1
dawn alexander : this game is beautiful and very relaxing. the graphics and gameplay are superb and the in-game sounds and music are perfect.,1
muthu vignesh : one of the best games ever! the latest one - alto's odyssey has been installed in my phone ever since the first day i saw that and has been my all time favourite.,0
mtdoge : no words to describe this game,1
saudamini pradhan : it's really been 4 years of me playing this game and seen the all new updates in it. i personally feel this is an amazing creation which makes people feel relaxed.,1
jack forbes : one of the few relaxing,1
a google user : i don't know what's wrong with this app,1
marko markovic : after tutorial you suddenly can't jump over chasms even after going downhill. that's because when you die you can watch an ad to get revived. scummy practice,0
tara rb : it's really fun and relaxing and the music is also super calming. i have absolutely no complaints. well done! you created a very good game,1
barb propst : i do like this! it's relaxing to play & the music is calming. i love trying to see how far can i go. the zen mode is wonderful!!!,0
arman syah : ok this game is not bad but....its just boring....it lacks fun....take example temple run,1
shaylee bester : wow this is an amazing game with good graphics .the game has a normal mode which is very fun an a zen mode which is very calming. i love this game ,1
sneaky_sniker08 : if your looking for a relaxing game this is it,1
eloy pm : easy to learn and a fun way to kill time. beautiful and yet simplistic graphics.,1
start now - game end : love it really good to relax and play a mobile game. headphones are needed for a nice relaxing experience.,1
bappan mazumdar : i just feel a uniqueness whenever i play this game. don't know why the overall game sequences touches my heart. the graphics ,1
ben humphrey : significantly worse than altos odyssey,1
rs n : there's a bug that prevents taking input if i crash while holding down the jump button. please fix.,0
carly gallagher : the graphics are peaceful and game play is fun but when the time changes to night it's hard to see the rocks,1
j : doesn't work well at all on my s9. used to love it on my old phone but on my new phone it pauses every few seconds,0
abraham obaid : sub par. ad's on a game i paid for? disgusted and let down. this game is not worth the 2 bucks and the ads will make u hate every single person who was involved in making this abomination.,0
priyanshi das : the most relaxing and calming game. i love it. this game is sooo good who wants find a peace by playing a game. it's a best way to relax after being busy all day,1
epic emerald 2 : this game is fun for about a year. then it gets really boring and the quests get super hard late game.,1
elite nuka : beutoful graphics but sometimes you cant jump even you restart the game again and again,0
ganesh karhale : this game is awesome. the visuals are stunning and graphics are beautiful. opening this game takes some time but it is worth it.,1
maria eftimie : i love this game but they double charge me. i already paid for the game and now i am asked to pay money for each character. this is not cool :-/ i earned them by leveling up,0
hd piyathissa : it is very easy game but some times it become hard. i like maya very much. and the zen mode is very useful for relax my mind,1
ella b. : beautiful and serene game. very relaxing and fairly addictive. best game i have ever played,1
ben jones : minimal with a calming soundtrack. perfect game to pass the time or to aid in relaxing!! love it!!,1
ankita mitra : there should be brief descriptions on certain goals e.g 'land 3 backflips with maya in one run'. i have no clue how to run with maya even though i landed severl backflips in one run.,1
yos doggo : sound is relaxing,1
ed. paul : i like the mechanics & animation of this game! you guys should make some other games with the same engine/developers. this game keeps me sane.,1
lrda : this game is soooo relaxing. when you pop on your headphones,1
laurie rogers : this is so good! like there aren't many ads. you only get one ad and there skippable. i have had no trouble with it soooooo five stars!,0
jarret stone : this game is so relaxing i recommend with headphones felipe if my favorite he is a llama and is better than all the humans lol and best of all almost no ads i really wish more people knew about this game it should be the new amoug us i love the graphics and the music is amazing i just can't with this game soooo creative and soooooo well created this game should be know worldwide if you are stressed you need to play this game this is actually the first game i gave a five star review plz download,1
kyrios : good game but it lags too much after loosing without any purpose .. i don't know what's the wrong with it. you need to fix this after we can change this review to more stars!,0
alka jauhari : its zen mode is full of relaxation it works best with headphones its a nice relxation game . however it also have a score mode but i hadly play the score mode .,1
lemonaiden : best game i've ever played. this one and the odyssey have great graphics and the sounds. a very exciting game and very relaxing. this game made me smile.,1
tasnia maysha : amazing graphics! and very enjoyable as well but i wish there was a bit more to the game but still would definitely recommend.,1
vidhu sharma : great to de-stress. beautiful imagery. hard to understand some tasks but on the whole really nicely made.,1
naresh kumar : the gameplay,1
sara m.s : this game is so great,1
bhavya bhardwaj : casual games always make me wonder,1
a google user : the game looks really beautiful,1
michael h. pedersen : nice graphics and all. but in the end it's the same as most other mobile games....single finger tap action...which grows boring quickly.,0
opal littman : this app is so fun,1
justin carico : i think this game is truly extraordinary because the game is about alto going down a mountain that never ends and it makes me wonder what is at the end and it also makes me wonder what makes alto want to go to the end. and other than that a good game and i wonder what is altos story.,1
rakhi saha : i just love this game after 2 years later i have played a enjoying game. whoever has made this can you make an updated version which can we race with other people online.,0
alyssa w : really fun and relaxing! highly recommend if you want a game that you can just sit and play between classes or work!,1
isaac isaac : i am on lvl 55 and there is a task "pick up coin magnet 4 times in one run". it seems bugged,1
faridah haliru : i can't seem to load the progress on my old device onto my current one. i can sign into my games account,1
yung shim : it's a great game timing is key just flow all the way down with aldo and various characters which perform differently based on how you like powering down the hill it's siick,0
clark collins : it's already frustrating enough that you can't see rocks well in night time but a npc chasing me who is automatically faster than me is complete bs. uninstalled!,1
sen somdev : this is not good game,1
mzamo magubane : wow this game is sooo relaxing and even tho it's my first time it makes your first time playing it wonderful.you can play the game when you're mad and you want to cool off just put on some headphones and play.this game is truly one pf the best i've ever played.,1
yael : amazing graphics! if youre looking for a challenging and fun game,1
delaney r : very relaxing! only thing is when the llamas are running down hill they glitch and shake really bad. other than that though the game is amazing!,0
madhu sachdeva : i've played games on xbox,1
a google user : beautiful game that's casual and has an amazing soundtrack. only con is that some stuff need money to unlock.,1
a google user : just go for alto's odyssey! this title gets a bit boring after a while,0
arun : i love the game so much. it makes me relaxed. the beautiful scenary along with the peaceful music makes the game more intresting. good game keep it up,1
luc michaud : i use to play this game all the time. it has some fun progression and is hard sometimes. it is what i would want every mobile game to be like.,1
jegathesh kumar : this game has everything it needs to pull me in. not a word more or less would be unjustifiable for the game's serenity and visuals it's about to show.,1
rajesh ketala : one the best game i have ever play ,1
kevin hsu : used to love this game but it won't open at all and hasn't in months. tried uninstalling and reinstalling multiple times but it hasn't worked at all.,0
foxduty xd : there is no reason would make me rate this game less than 5stars but it needs more songs in it. and if u made one more game with some planets views would be very nice.,1
blesson thomas : amazing satisfying game...better than odyssey...its more dynamic and exciting. the graphics and music is amazing.,1
a google user : fun and addictive simple runner game. the visuals and music are what makes this game more appealing.,1
achilis dragoon : simple and beautiful. i love this game. almost have this for a year i think. honestly,1
noel lelcaj : great game but altos odyssey is better because it has more fluent animations but this game has dynamic weather. it depends in your personal "taste",1
nila wilson : i is amazing,1
mukesh naidu : it is the best game for time pass and to play in lockdown best but . there are problem such as the rocks can't be seen in the daytime and we should buy coins in the store,1
kaidyn green : i rate this app at a 4 because i'm not sure if i can get the other people and i really hope other people have a nice day for a year and a year and you can do it for a year and a month or two days and then i love the game because i'm so addictive to the game that i forgot it was monday today oh shoot i have school today but anyways i love the game because of the gratifications of the game it's so awsome and it i hope you guys impressionistic people like this game see you all later and it is 1:59,1
saaniat 1309 : love this game... it's cool & fresh music help you to get out from all kinds of mental problems that's why i love it more than others game... & it is not so much hard games like others,1
marius claassen : player on screen way too small. unnecessarily difficult to see the rotation angle of the character when doing tricks. this is especially true when tge backround is at night,0
saket kumar : gorgeous looking backdrops and smooth gameplay. but i got burned really quickly ,1
ylan : was happy with this game but nowadays i keep doing the tasks 3 or 4 times without it being counted as a victory. i'm afraid i can't play it anymore.,0
kirsten sweeney : i absolutely love this game. the zen mode is really nice to play if youre relaxing or listening to an audiobook. would highly recommend!,1
ian michael : the game is pretty fun but the fact that you just have to run,1
brandon edblom : this game is fine. it has a few bugs,1
meghna jayan : this game delivered a very different experience. it's like being in another world. so calming with the added music and sound effects. glad to come across something like this.,0
mctruce zak : wow! wow! wow! alto's adventure wow!,1
dhan macedo : amazing! such a great experience playing this game. relaxing,1
rich r0b : the game is very good but it is literally ski safari with improved graphics,1
yemi fowosire : such an iconic game i love it a and the funny thing about it is that whenever i delete it or reset my phone i always end up back to it. ive played this game so many time yet it never disappoints,1
mr. frank : why does the game slow down when jumping over chasms? it's the same on pc and mac. it's sometimes just impossible to reach the other side which makes this calm game so infuriating. the in app purchases are also a joke.,0
samih hayes : beautiful game! it would be good if you could save your progress like in alto's odyssey.,1
jazeb sarang : the game itself radiates peaceful vibes and calmness whenever i play it. this game's graphics is so much better then other endless running games. i loved playing this.,1
ragen venti : fun game but i had to uninstall because i don't want to watch ads between nearly every run. and i don't want to pay to remove them. bummer!,0
generic name here : this game is amazing. it is relaxing and unlike some games it does not have that many ads and you don't feel forced into being addicted to it. i highly recommend for all.,1
fardin : this game is a-w-esome. each and everyone should play this. the graphics and the mind relaxing music is amazing. it is like i'll play forever,1
noname noname : wow. just... wow. try it,1
random person : bug problem. character doesn't jump sometimes. had to restart the game. pls fix it .,0
parneet kaur bawa : i really loved this game. this game is best time killer and the...background music,1
rissa : the tutorial needs to l be skippable. it forces me to slow down when i've played this before on my pc and know how it works. i've already gotten bored so i'm uninstalling iy,0
emma mills : really fun game to pass the time only issue is when it's night time it's way to dark to see anything even with my brightness on full would be nice if you could turn up the brightness of the night in game,1
harvey lamb : just a reskinned odyssey. not nearly as enticing or fun to play as the original. definitely fun,1
abdur rahman miraj : love the graphics and the quality of the game! it gives me much relaxing!! i highly recommend this game for the people who always carry tensions!,1
bee fathima abdul khader : i usually dont rate games but this thus is jut too good for for words. the graphics,1
re1th varma : best game . good graphics . one handed controls . good music . stress relief.,1
rin senpai! : i really do not know what to say about this game it's more amazing !! i do not know what you're thinking when you design the game because it is amazing music and wonderful scenery is a little tough but really amazing and i want to thank you for your hard work,1
shazin rahman : best offline game played so far. i don't care what people say about good graphics ,1
einrich ael trinidad : this game is so unique and its very beautiful.. i play this game when im bored and this game makes me happy..i love the graphics of the game. the music is so satisfying and calming.. this game is so good.. hopefully this game would never end..,1
riley amell : it's a fun game,1
edward freeman : it got repetitive and boring . there should be different slope levels (not score levels).,1
sanidhya srivastava : seriously this is the best game ice ever played the best part is that it has zen mode where there are no points and distraction just run its sooooo satisfying if i had the choice to give it 10 stars i would definitely give it,1
jack koppa : crash on startup every time now oneplus 6t. like the game a lot,1
samuel olubiyo : i'm usually very critical about games,1
david boring : simple,1
james patterson : great game find myself wantingvto progress further unlike other small games like this by small i mean in there premise because it's just going down a mountain but it's really addictive 5 star,1
raian islam : best indie game ever. what a beautiful sound quality! loved the controls and visual effects.,1
lynkx :p : i remember having this game on my other phone around six months ago and it was just so great. it's beautiful,1
gustavo fernandes : relaxing,1
fbi : the art style is so simple yet so good. the music just completes the whole game. 10/10 would reccomend,1
rosendo : duuude,1
luke goldsmith : i cant describe or express how much i love this game. the music the gameplay the surroundings,1
pasghettid : saw the game on a phone at the samsung store and got hooked to the game but never remembered the name. after 2 months i found it. best game ever.,1
keshav viswanath : such a blissful game to play.. it's beautifully designed,1
ozer erdogan : perfect graphics musics and experience. should be played with earphones.,1
solutions of technology : everything is ok but game should be more zoom. i can't specify which one is me and which one is obstacle. so please zoom in at least 2x so that we can really enjoy this game,1
brendan mckendy : i uninstalled this after i got too addicted. it is so satisfying. one complaint is the many clicks and waits needed to get a new run going.,0
troubling_torch : one of the best indie of all time.....!i always play this in my spare time......!the soundtracks is amazing....!it always feels like that i am the character....!ui is simple which is what i like.......!honestly,1
sedem krispat : this game is one of the best in the world ... i just like the way the music plays ... i mean it's so so relaxing... i thank the creator for inventing such a wonderful game... no wonder you guys received awards.... bless up,1
biiwuu : i love this game so so so much and all i could think to do from getting back home is to play this game,1
french&johnnyofficial : i love this game. it's so satisfying in many different areas. i also like how there are many goals that are for us in this game. overall i give it a 5/5.,1
sam t. wp : it's addicting. there are some flaws tho like power-ups,1
aditya rungta : the game is very relaxing and the music helps too it is challenging but not annoying.,1
bigcats : a quick getaway from your day to day activities along with a series of challenging obstacles and great graphics,1
tariq pouponneau : i was expecting something like the adventure time game,1
god : it's a nice game,1
johnson thaungongngam kamei : best game so far in play store. thank you for making these types of games. absolutely brilliant no bug no issue no nothing so far. thank you again.,1
vasco doweiya : this game is so relaxing every time i play the mode that no need to score there i can relax my mind there because the song and the grafic are so good and relaxing no problems in this game best offline ever,1
gabriel cox : great relaxing game to play. if you play offline it will not show you half a million ads. smart and easy to play on any device. five stars.,0
muffin frost : such a calming game....especially zen mode i love it zen mode has such a calming and vibrant effect on me. such exquisite and smooth flowing graphics i recommend this game for those who have a bit of a temper,0
axel naperi : this is a great game...i wish you can add a multiplayer setting where you can race with someone....anyway its a great game...nice music,1
victor muniz : annoying and intrusive ads. game is good though,1
isaac lubrun : one of my favorite phone games. i'm not into crazy games just relaxing and fun games like this. i usually play it on the train going to work. love it !,1
young cedz : hi its young cedz again i rate 5 star the alto's odessy this one is great to well i suggest that if you update this to like what i said in the alto's odessy yeah like the meteor and tornado in the mountains and if you add some avalanch so this game is gonna be so so great and cool well my tip to you guys is "more update,0
tobias asplund : it's pretty great on pc,1
karim_playz11 : the best graphic,1
tamsin brown : i love this game!!!!!!!!!!! this is one of the best games ever i love altos adventure i cannot flaw one thing i definitely recommend this game i dont say this about every game i play and this is one of the best so far!!!!,1
ashna akarsh : best game best graphics best music everything best i want that like zen mode there should be a mode in which the whole track is made of ice i love speed no obstacles on that mode i would love it i will be waiting for your message back,1
yeshua hamashiach : perfect. graphycs,1
kenneth o'donnell : this game is everything a side scroll game should be. its beautiful,1
calyzo 118 : bruv this game is beautiful!!! the art and the music is so calm and relaxing. the zen mode is also really fire. yall really tried with this one.,1
santek izzo : added ads to the free mode when previously ads were just something you could watch to revive you. now you're forced to watch the ads.,0
cyreigh king : we know games will make us challenge but this,1
swervoo cxpalot : it is the best adventure game i ever played i love the music but they have to remove the ads but it is an fantastic game and i like the views of the background,0
vojtech pilar : i couldn't control it properly. very frustrating to play. how can anyone be relaxed playing this that's beyond my understanding.,1
ser : well,1
raheal shabbir : stunning aesthetics,1
trevear willoughby : everything about this game is good,1
vinal kumar : the game was awesome and i loved it i mean i played it like everyday. some stunts were challenging but that's the point of the game,1
divi singh : awesome game but there are only 11 levels developers should increase the levels . but still nice game the music is calm and soothing.,1
matthew stewart : great soothing game. zen mode is cool with no points and the challenges are fun,1
raun gallegos : very calming and relaxing.... favorite part are the zen runs ... there's nothing to do,0
a google user : i love this game so much! it beautiful and i could spend hours playing it,1
harsh thakur : i like the concept of game and the music too its superb. i really enjoyed the game. please name the musicians who gave music.,1
pegi - 7 : such a relaxing experience,1
andrei toroplean : i'd love to play the game but it won't launch on my galaxy s10 plus. i've sent the bug report. hope you can get this fixed!,1
spicychocolateoreos : this game is sooo cool. like jeez i can't even explain how cool this game is. everything is sooo cool! and the background music just makes it even better!! i love this game! edit: wow this was 3 years ago,1
michael shakeshaft : i love this game for time killing. easy and simple controls,1
dwayne w : absolutely breathtaking. so calming and beautiful as well as challenging you to unlock new things!,1
anurag kale : everything is good on this game except for the elder.it's kinda way too hard to escape the elder.i mean,0
entity_prod : a really really good and overall a brilliant game from the graphics,1
the flying llama : this is the most beautiful mobile game i have ever seen. the music is great,1
vivek wadher : the game has some problem with jump sensitivity,1
trevor ngwira : it's so exciting and fun. the graphics and feel are very nice,1
doodleplayer : very fun and addictive. love the game it's not too easy,1
supreme : nice graphics like the alto odessey u should try this i know sometimes it gets dark but just set ur light to max isn't that ez??? so don't complain the company are trying their best and those who r complaining isn't helping for the company to improve the game so don't complain. but overall u should try this game,1
diana gonzalez : i love this game with all my heart,1
siddharth r : one of the best games on android (the second one is even better) of all time. this is one of my favorite games alongside altos oddsey and smash hit!,1
polash mondal : if there were unlimited stars to post ,1
ollie nicholls : very good,1
nick surkov : terrible experience. sounds are annoying,1
steeven.universe : no matter how many times you get into a lot of trouble,1
zaeem -ur-rahmaan : this game has good graphics and peaceful music which makes the gameplay more enjoyable.,1
jordan lewis : installed and completed many times. just turn off wifi and data before launching to get ad free experience. good game.,1
nikola obrovac : this is the most beautiful game i've ever played. it's relaxing an more importantly fun. i can play when ever or where ever i want. five stars,1
infinite pie : so fun. i find myself in zen mode perfecting my skills for what feels like hours. its relaxing and a great way to pass time. i'm really happy i stumbled upon thim gem.,1
daniel : a very calming game to play with challenging goals to complete to keep you playing. i love it.,1
seelam. rajasekhar : super game. too interesting game. one of myself favorite game recently i am played. but one drawback game is finished only 61levels only need more levels.,1
pamela joseph : it's kinda repetitive. guess all endless runners are. ads don't bother me.zen mode is good.overall a good job.,1
victoria ibeh : this game is amazing and so addicting you can never get tired if this especially the music and ambiance is so relaxing i highly recommend this game.,1
aniket mitra : it's a very good game ,1
ashley gardner : love this game its addictive!!! it's a fun,1
khalid maniam : really calming. the graphics are really aesthetic and the music is relaxing.,1
s r nair : itss aaammmmaaaazzziiinnngggg the graphics are sooooo soothing.. the sound affects are splendid.. i really appreciate them making a mode just to enjoy the experience,1
e.o.n productions : fun,1
c : fun game. but the night time of the day/night cycle is much too dark,1
renuka kautilya : game is good ,1
papa yaw atuahene : this is the best game i have ever played. the harmony of the sound effects and the music,1
alaa nader : wonderful..that instead of making you nervous as rest of the normal games ,1
puneet sharma : love the graphics and soothness in the music which keep u going in the game,1
a. hayes : waisted my money on just a few levels. the app crashes at the opening credits every time i open it.,0
amir sulthan : 4 years before i played the same game,1
simone tozzi : an amazing and entertaining game,1
emma : sometimes the hover feather and magnet don't activate when you go through them. also,0
richard burns : what the hell? i bought this game full price years ago... redownloading it for the first time in years and it's monetized to hell. ads after runs,1
maureen northam : nice to see one game can both relax and excite the user,1
noah pietrowski : its so graphically and soundingly pleasing. the gameplay is simple yet still quite addictive. zen mode is definitely my favorite,1
peter austin : great at first with good gameplay and music. however it gets boring over time. altos odyssey is much better,1
abhinav sharma : the controls work just once when i start the game,0
mohd saqib : phenomenal,1
adityauniverse : this was a really good game,1
ice wolf : it is so beautiful with the music and the background! it's smooth as well when controlling the boy/girl,1
shreya dwivedi : i loooooove this game. its awsoooome. ive never played a game better than this. its lovel,1
kontoculai : fun,1
matiss nazgra : its was an awesome game back in the day.. but what in the world did you do with that jumping mechanism? also all my progress is gone from google play. sorry but im uninstalling it. its not even close what it used to be.,0
thom koval : wonderful game. relaxing,1
celtbear333 : too fast,1
mature adult : beautiful visuals,1
farts mcbutts : could be a fun game if alto didnt have the slowest backflip in existence and without the obnoxious video ads.,1
bub : very addictive,1
x nao : i love it i could play it all day. the quality is amazing and the characters r so cute (mostly the llamas). its really fun and i cant get bored of it <3,1
alex sathya dy : itbis a very nice game to play when your free and am loving it but there just 1 thing that i dont like and it is the controll please add more then just a jump and also thank you for making this game.,1
eva mgra : love the graphics and the music. however,1
mohd. zahidul anam chowdhury : guys,1
jp : i just love the way this game looks and it's such a chill game to play,1
kayura chan : i downloaded this game twice but it crashed both the times. please fix this,1
sef bandringa : really relaxing game,1
kunjika gadhvi : this game is offline game and the silent game the game never end up,1
azhari : fun simple,1
karthik ramanathan : a fantastic game to play when bored but cannot spend time playing a big game. i play at times like waiting for a train or sitting idly etc etc.,0
kai stevens : zen mode is so relaxing and fun. the regular mode is fun as well. overall a great game.,1
ingvar grimdal : a perfect timekiller murdered by ads,1
sarah adams : absolutely amazing game ,1
raghav saraswat : very soothing,1
vint : amazing game! graphics is great and it's also relaxing when you have nothing to do. really great for me that enjoys game only for fun!,1
laodicean : great experience. i'm not too big on the music and i tend to listen to my own mix when playing this game,1
gental_gaming a.j : i like your games very much but ,1
glenn wakeford : game crashes on google play login,1
alien attack : very fun and addictive gameplay! the ads suck,1
amey mahajan : i really loved this game at first,1
derrick turner : outstanding graphics and great game to kill time with. been playing for years. one of my favorites.,1
epszarze crow : no joke... alto's adventure helped me with anxiety,1
brad majors : not many ads,0
s. hanafi : loved the game. have changed phone 3 times and still installs this and altos odyssey,1
captain gay : the game gets glitchy and won't let me play. i wouldn't even mind that often if it didn't happen so often. otherwise,0
andalib shan : this game is fun and relaxing its a great game to pass time this game is also beacutiful the character and the landscape doesn't stick out like a lot of games,1
woahie : awesome graphics and perspective,1
max sux : if ur gna give me an option to watch an ad to extend my run and i say no,1
dante ward-hunt : very pleasant; the adds are a bit irritating but the game is relaxing,0
abhishek : beautiful game. the music is very peaceful and makes you calm and takes you into another world. thanks for the game!,1
greenpepper 2 : this game is so much fun! its really relaxing to play.. and the music is the best part of the whole game.. its so nice!! i highly recommend this game!!,1
imre olah : amazing experience,1
george snyder : game doesn't respond to controls after 5 minutes of play. deleted and rebooted,0
joseph loudenback : gave up after playing a few minutes,0
nathan naikomparampil john : the gameplay mechanics is easy,1
larry belarmino : read this. its a very peacful game,1
love flower : great game with beautiful,1
sean crow : fun game. but you have to watch soooo many commercials it ruins the game. not fun enough to purchase with money.,1
abridged racer56 : very fun game. but i would appreciate if we could get new people with coins. except that its a very fun game i really enjoyed it,1
shaan singh : contrary to what many people think,1
sathish kumar : really unforgettable game my life .i don't know financially its success or not but personally it fulfills everyone heart especially the zen mode makes me a sleep happly its magical sound...my night time sleeping sound track...thank u...devolop like this game,1
max villaire : extremely boring gameplay,1
charlotte hermans : this game is great,1
mr. alpha wolf yt : this game is so cool i play on my old samsung phone the quality and the graphics is so awesom realxing and fun to play and i this game could play with another player because i want my friend to try it out.,1
yadu nandan : this was quite good game. but the. worst and worst in this is ads. plenty and plenty of ads. this is a bloody suck. stop your ads,0
bob itani : absolute masterpiece! the art style is amazing! the mechanics are easy to handle! very addicting. a 5- star for me!,1
sahidul hoque : i love this game,1
1005-bala hari vignesh : absolutely awesome game,1
amit khajuria : this is one of the best games i have played,1
steven pearce : the games great if you like looking at a black screen,0
mike maltase : it's a nice looking relaxing game but i'm not getting what people think is so great,1
adil d s : i love this game and music wow,1
grey wolf : the graphics are amazing,1
sir dielectus episommerous quay iv : too simple too relaxing too much fun with a quiet music .... awesome combination and so this game is best for relaxation.. i would prefer this one best in any runner games...,1
al-amin haxan : i am really in love with this game. but sometimes it lags on online,1
ayush desai : i have the game,1
selvraj vattapara : nice game and controls i love this game but only one problem sometimes i can't see alto on the picture so please make sure the game have smart zoom technology so gamers like me can play better and happily,1
varinder kalsi : such an amazing game!!! absolutely love the zen mode it's super relaxing :d there are even no bugs should try this game!!!!,1
jammy jam : after several years and upgrading phones,1
sumi aktar : amazing soundtracks and graphics.this game is so amazing i can't describe.i totally recommend.and it's free!,1
sid zade : it is amazing stress buster for students it better than playing other games like pubg and fortnite yet they are awesome but this game is not much time consuming a better way of getting refreshed,1
ella de feo-mayers : a really relaxing game and quite fun,1
ijji amai : a really wonderful game...the game is soo beautiful and relaxing....i really enjoy playing this... thanks creator... can't wait to play alto odyssey next... ^.^,1
le leedler : the artstyle is amazing,1
b tac : downloaded the game before deployment. i've spent a ridiculous amount of time playing. was definitely one of my favorite.,1
kevin emr : this game is great. with great graphics and difficult missions. i play it every day. i wonder what the next adventure will be.,1
tm s-r : amazing game. realxing and a bit challenging but not too much. i really appreciated and recommend it !,1
ice _diangelo : i like the game,1
ranger spinks : this is one of the best mobile games i've seen in a long time. love the simple design and the realistic physics.,1
kirollos amged : very relaxing game i love it and love listening to the soft music by headphones that is already in the game while playing ... it will makes you chillout while playing,1
sdsebinary : i've been playing it for hours. the mechanics are great and i love the lama caching and the chalenges. you should 100% try it out.,1
naeem siddique : great game,1
emmanuel chukwulobe : wonderful concept... though i am at level 46 but i am not bored with the game... i would love if they could include front flip...,0
shreyas shinde : *put on headphones and relax" that how i describe it,1
frane kekez : this game is so relaxing and i really enjoy playing it. graphics and music are awesome. definitely recommend to everybody.,1
pratikshya sahoo : it's a amazing game to chill especially if u are bored ... this game has great graphics as well as gameplay is amazing!!!!!!! would surely recommend you,1
muhammad ahmad : really amazing. such calming sounds and the gameplay is so cool. one of the best offline games to play.,1
hania abdullah : the gme is very good but there is a glitch that if i touch the screen it wouldn,0
grahame stokes : wow. wonderful presentation makes you feel so nice. easy to play,1
dixon hartung : very fun game. can you add daily rewards? otherwise no problems. very few ads,1
lourdes acosta : tutorial is endless. there's no "end tutorial" button compared to in alto's odyssey.,1
le epik milk : one of the best games i have ever played. the only problem is i get bombarded with watching videos for an extra life. other than that,1
ahmed boumehdi : awesome game at first try but it gets boring after level 3. the rocks are sometimes unpredictable.,0
julio prakoso : simple amazing game. easy control and has good music. perfect for people who want to kill time when waiting something,1
angel : this is the best game i have ever played! it can be very relaxing with the zen mode which i love. 10/10 would recommend.,1
omar tarek : cool and deserves a 5 star ,1
hasanga perera : its the best .but you get bored at some point .the game designers just need to add more game mods or something like that to spice up the game .,0
a google user : when i saw this i thought it was going to be like alto's odessy with a twist but so far the only major differences i can find are scenery and llamas. good game though,1
vijay kaushik : this is very very interesting game. i like game toooo much. the music is so relaxing. and the zen mode is awesome.,1
access2stuff : sometimes hard to see where the stones are. especially at dawn/night. and the big jump is impossible,1
satory lynam : its really relaxing but it is also very buggy whenever i grab a powerup. also i dont know how to get to zen mode.. _*_*_,1
ajsy 5678 : this game is just awesome.... i playes it too much... it's one touch optimization makes it comfortable........ and it's background music is just like heaven,1
randy deinlein : the ads ruin the experience. but i'm happy to pay 2 bucks for the game. i'm up to lv 46,0
arielle c : i used to love this game,1
parag patil : i had to uninstall it numerous times... because of somethings came up... i love this game... in fact it's very first game i played on android...,1
logan tracey : it is an absolutely gorgeous game,1
sreerag o : i sometimes look for nice and relaxing games just to keep my mind straight and this one is just the right one. peace...,0
parnab ghosh : well,1
vishesh : the air time isn't calculated for boost. it takes longer to return straight than doing a jump up,0
yashwant verma : the game is very simple but its graphics are too good just feel like adventurous.,1
luis rodriguez : i love this game because 1you travel to different,1
akshansh singh : best relaxing game ever i have played if you are just tired and bored of playing action and fighting games play the zen mode and you will feel just like the character,1
althea czarina militante : definitely recommended if you want a simple and relaxing game. (with music),1
sayal maharjan : it is a game full of adventure i usually play it get my mind relaxed and get rid of bordom nothing more to say but i would like to tell everyone that they should try this game once in while,1
a google user : this game is simple and fun. the graphic is good and fantastic. the creation of this game is fantacular! i love it,1
arno bui : zen mode made me cry myself to sleep... 5* kinda like it more than odyssey,1
vinay 2k : whoooo i have never experienced this type of musical refreshing game before ..its a whole new level of gaming experience those musics were really touched my heart ..thanks to developer,1
hani : very cute! simple and relaxing concept with breathtaking graphics.,1
srinjan sarkar : this game is awesome,1
pathetic : bruh its littarly a luck game once you pass the horse guy,1
devi katta : it is a very great game,1
yousouf yusuf : i think this is the best game ever,1
my celebs : game is so relaxing,1
vivek sr : i love this game. the music,1
and g. : what a beautiful game.. really enjoyable and relaxing. the soundtracks are amazing.,1
maskoda gaming yt : iqoo 9 se in my phone it is not supporting 120fps waste game,1
magical rat fairy : amazing and breathtaking,1
kailas kishore : hell..i love this game. simple,1
rubin smit : brilliant game!!! definitely one of the best side scrollers i have ever played. very chilled game with fantastic bgm. love this game!!!!,1
mohammad nafis fuad : it's a great adventure game. appreciate it very much. and thanks to the developers for regular update and amazing concept.,1
anonymous desu : i played it like 2-3 years ago,1
pyronoxious : a nice game with wonderful music and even if you say what's do i like a about it is that it's calm and not like shooter games or fighting games. just calmness as you catch llamas,1
dave dicko : you have to get this game it is the best ever! i especially like the zen mode it is a really good game for all ages and it is really good if you want to just think.,1
yusuf aslam : this game is one of the most enjoyable and relaxing games the backing sound and the effects are great i love alto and all the other games with this style especially alto's odyssey,1
heyroey : i've been playing this umm like?... 2016 but i deleted it i have no space so i did is install it again 2018 because kinda miss the great things that i have when i played this.,0
watch the water : beautiful graphics...and love the zen mode and also taking picture of the scenery in the game...keep it on!,1
lakshmipathi varma : rocks are not at all visible.,1
shabee haider : one of the best game i have ever played. amazing graphic,1
electro games : the only problem is that is super repetitive,1
shreyashi kesarwani : it a game for all age children but it's have to give more facilities or or any exciting new features that no one will feel to play it's boring for long period of time,0
bobby persaud : this is an ok time killer,1
jake conway : the most peaceful game i have ever played,1
lucy franks : i adore this game. the graphics are beautiful and the music is lovely and ah,1
aragami ninja : fun game but please give an option to turn off day and night circle. it's really annoying.,1
tek bahadur adhikari : the worst game in the earth,1
max floate : this game is a must install the zen gamemode is the perfect mode for peace lovers. almost no questions needed to install this game. i give it a perfect rating because the is mabey better than any game on the play store.,1
arfa : it's a great game it's non addictive and perfect for travelling.... to me this is a great game try it yourself and find out!!,1
angie rosado : i like the game,1
adarsh martin : i personally love this game unless some tasks which found difficult,1
tom wall : absolutely amazing game,1
freya bowman : this game is amzing. the graphics are so beautiful. the music is so relaxing. its so calming.,1
c r : used to be good. at some point they added full screen forced video ads. too bad.,0
subhash chandra bose : this game is really so amazing and peaceful ,1
kai jenkins : very good game. relaxing and fun,1
ramon hugo de souza : love this line of games,1
ashwin kulkarni : best game i played so far. awesome background music,1
christopher ball : this game has really good deatails!and i love to play this game.but i do get mad when i lose:(but it's alright because u can restart and play again this game is a neat little game to play when bored.i rate this game a 4.3 rating its good and i recommend!,1
caonabo jaquez : love the music.great graphics. hate the freaking adds every 2 runs,0
christonic s.c.f : there is actially no game like this. love the zen mode. great gameplay too man. amd the music could put you to sleep. i love it man.,1
aaron riordan : so simple yet entertaining. great for playing on a bus or train journey.,1
maya staples : very fun game! my only wish is that the objectives we're explained because they get confusing later on.,1
gowtham kamal : great way to keep you engaged. nice graphics,1
mark carson : uninstalled due to the advertising and tracking technologies used in this game,1
paul clark : hours will be lost to alto. wonderful game,1
marco martinez : this game has really good scenery and music. it is also very addicting. overall a really great game.,1
rayan anwar : a very soothing,1
gyan 007 : such an beautiful mind fleshing game..the background music is soo soothing.. i love it and i'll recommend it..it is actually helpful to relief stress,1
sarwar azam : 3star because alto's odyssey is better then this,1
suraj rai : hats off to who ever made this background music. .most of time i play this game only to listen to the soothing music.its like a therapy to my chaotic mind,1
alistair lau : i loved this game when i was little because i was able to play it big w and other places i loved it but having it on my phone feels so good i already got maya and im only 2 hours in the game im goona get the next charater in no time,1
dy,1
samuel robertson : fun game! it takes a little practice but after a few days,1
daleska sanchez : ahhh i am loving this game! the view is so amazing i can't concentrate in finishing my tasks,1
akshay garg : i wish i could give it more stars. one of the very few games that i find interesting and at the same time very relaxing. plus the background music is very soothing.,1
mr. 4our : perfect game man,1
a google user : far too many ads,0
afrahim imam : very serene music environment.... although sometimes stones are not visible (specially in night or stone type background)gameplay is quite mesmerizing,1
tehmina shabbir : thanks alot for making such an amazing game.i appreciate your intelligence please continue to making such exciting games. now a very few intersting games are availiable on play store,1
adelina : this game is amazing! i love the graphics,1
tim r. : loved it on my nexus 5x but crashes as soon as i launch on my pixel 3. please fix. support has been slow to respond.,0
retro vxvi : my experience with the game was amazing the controls are simple the really sooths the persons mind.,1
thevenomguy : this game is amazing and all but i liked alto's odyssey more than this one. and the reason is the soundtracks.,1
shaaban0 : i played this after playing odyssee and maaan is this one boring...nothing much to do and you should be able to do alot to achieve the goals..play odysee and set this one out orake it interesting,1
crane : best played with the volume up or earbuds in. sooo relaxing,1
atulya prakash : very bad experience. the size is big but the quality and graphic are poor and 2d,1
holy paladin : it was a mediocre game at first but then i really got into zen mode. the music jus moves you to the beat and i rea lly like it,1
wingding : i love the game,1
askn albayrak : very relaxing,1
text : i love this game to death. i am so attached to the story behind this and the experiences through the game are very impressive. i hope people can give this a try.,1
nandimal edirisooriya : this is a grate one i've played. it is addictive ,1
levi czech : well it seems like a good game but my tablet wont download it. its totally my tablet its not like its a bug in the game. the game looks fun though:).,1
real cbakes : too many ads,1
timothy brackett : really fun,1
niko bellic : great game! runs very smooth,1
christopher madsen : looking for ad free game and end up with a game that claims ad free but has the top 5 reviews complaining about so many ad that you can't even play the game google you really need to update your search engine on this one,0
roberto capela : very good ad watching app. there's also a bit of gameplay between ads,1
stevanny tahalele : love the simple gameplay and the bgm.. also the zen mode is really good! i could stuck playing there for hours!,1
sreelekha nama : i'm loving this game,1
vivek choudary : nice topnotch music . simple yet mindblowing graphics. hope the team releases another version of the game like they have done with altos odessy,1
jephthae gberevbie : well its a great app and it has very calmmingg music gets me every time i play it well the thing that would be cool is if you could ride with others like an io,1
peter bennie : great game,1
cadiente,1
pixelated h2o : this game is amazingly calming for me,1
chit ko : i like this game. because the scenery and the music are soothing. it gives happiness. and for me,1
izaak bradbury : very good controls are a bit sensitive but after a few plays you get used to it,1
caryl-anne enna-lyrac : beautiful! absolutely seamless,1
artful delights : i love this game,1
stephanie castaneda : this app is so beautiful. i love the challenges and the zen mode is a wonderful addition as well.,1
a google user : relaxing game. great sound effects. it is like real sound 3d and all are azing and relaxing background sound(the piano) . nice game,1
mahesh pandey : i think the simplistic background,1
gargi mishra s. : the character alto is too weak means one crash and it dies and the maze also beacomes difficult in the same level only . cute graphics thoo,0
e : this game is beautiful it is so calm and peaceful the mode where there is no distractions no score no game over just you and the endless mountainit is just absolutly beautiful all around id suggest this game it is the best game ive ever played,1
stepanus p i widodo : this game is awesome ! i really like the graphic,1
a google user : hooo! i have never played this kind of platforming game,1
dylan edwards : not very relaxing. i keep hitting rocks and it just becomes frustrating over time.,1
alan nhanala : this game have nice features ,1
areph rudd : please add the option to change the speed of the time-cycle. i would like a realistic 24-hour time-cycle,1
pat : super fun with amazing upbeat yet calming music. this joy for the soul has a new game in the playstore altos oddessy. game is amazing.,1
bowa junior : cannot put in words,1
pvns rohit : so far ,1
mark ross : this is the best game i've ever played its in my top 10 if you come across this game don't hesitate install it you won't regret it graphics 10/10 smooth running 10/10 good if you are bored must have game!,1
cat lover : please upgrade the charachter animation,1
ahmad raza : one of the best game,1
aswin anilkumar : relax ing game nice bgm awesome charcter s,1
moretsi beleng : this game is great and awesome. the graphics are nice and the music is also great. top notch stuff indeed.,1
wy yeoh : actually this is a very good game . p.s. if u turn on flight mode there will be no ads based on my experience.,1
bame sephetsolo : hd graphics and very relaxing game to play at the same time very good with ads,0
varun kaul : a fun game that i really enjoyed playing as it relaxed my mind. hope you create more games like these ^^,1
rakesh prajapati : superb game put down your air conditioner temperature and you can feel the game...,1
vitae : listen songs from your playlist and just play this. this makes you feel better than previous.,1
aljokato tube : it's just so awesome how you guys made this aesthetically,1
milena georgieva : i just wanted to say that i don't like when i die everytime it starts the same song again and again. so please if you can add more songs.,0
wilyam moat : the game is fun and simple and what i like the best about it is most games like this are ad simulators but this one isn't a ad simulator,1
ritesh joshi : fantastic game for me . it's adventurous,1
just zoey : this game is beautiful and can be challenging or incredibly relaxing depending on which mode you're into that day.,1
semma gautam : amazing and very beautiful game....good controls.....and very interesting to play.......what a beautiful graphics.....,1
bp : the gameplay is just fantastic i have been playing this game for years and i still love it. although the new one was released some time ago,0
aayushi aggarwal : the game is best for relaxing and the graphics are so good and realistic so i would recommend this game to everyone,1
megan keller : love these games,1
abdo 3rfa : this is a great game but there impossible jumps fase me when i play is at a glitch or i just don't know how to pass it,0
turtle : the most amazing graphics i have ever seen in a game that you don't have to pay for. there are almost no ads,0
nicolas bach : wish there was more content and things you can buy. other than that really relaxing and simple game :>,1
ishwar yumnam : after updating,1
vishal singh : literally one of the best games i've ever played! has such beautiful graphics and fine tune sound packs!,1
zeke derr : kind of boring after playing 'till level 21 but good plot,0
arpit kumar singh : interesting game if you just want to have minimal controls and procedures to play.,1
amal sakalle 10th f : amazing game,1
john dave mabanta : my once ultimate timekiller. addictivenand fun,1
chandrakanth venisetty : enthralling experience. the zen mode especially is just awesome. thanks a lot for such a wonderful game,1
anna hyatt : this game is trash. every time you don't land absolutely perfect,1
ranjana jaiswal : the thing i like about the game is that the music in the background is very good. i think that the game is not so much interesting. while playing i'll get bored . but other things about the game is all right.,1
shem george : i play it already the game was fun and i love it can u make a alto,1
anjali singh : i love it . the sound is super relaxing and the graphics are just amazing . i love the background it is so beautiful.,1
asaf rousseau : my 1 star is for the developers lack of response to issues with the game rather than the game itself which is decent albeit a bit boring.,1
pravin esthak : it's a great game to play when you have short time break and the zenmode is awesome with headphones!,1
lee edwards : brilliant game for killing time. not a lot of advertising so you can play all day. 5 stars,1
robin petersson : lovely and beautiful game,1
naveen sharma : it's nice,1
laxman singh : very good and simple game something should have to be add some 1-2 more action and don't keep it endless that would be better hope you think about it. waiting for your reply . thank you,1
coltin myers : fun game but information about some characters dont make sense the info for paz is he can get through anything if momentum was on his side i had momentumbut stillcrashed in a rock,1
0ic3cub30 : retarded played 5 minutes,1
deirdra jones : good chill game when you're bored nothing complicated just fun.elders are a fun way to get you worried about speed and to get a little but good rush to get away.just chill fun game good work.,1
aspen : nice graphics but omg i keep dieing you flip way too slow and the trees keep getting in the way. this game sucks,0
frank larry : i would give it five stars if the nighttime wasn't so frustrating some of the rocks are near impossible to see.,1
syed hasnain ali : awesome game with its music nd changing background scenes,1
harsh tomar : the game is beautiful . music is nice. graphics too. it's a simple game. good one for relaxing.,1
marvin brathwaite : cool game,1
review point : the" most fascinating game" ever i have played ,1
brennan kenefick : love this game,1
a google user : really wonderful game .....great music and great gaming experience..... it's a game that one needs to play..........,1
trever stovall : was ad-free. now has ads without consent. disappointing. this was one of the greats. arr. arr.,0
brecken lynch : amazing! sound design and the features in this game is amazing. i will recommend this to you 10/10.,1
anim3._. simpp : it relaxin ,1
yehuda silvio gerits latumahina : the best experience i've had in mobile game category. keep up the good work! the art style is the core of this game.,1
joel bulger : this is one beautiful game i love it the music is amazing everythimg is beautiful about this. thank you for the experience of the game,1
greg williams : by far the best game on mobile imo! very easy to get into with plenty of depth for those who wish to challenge themselves,1
steven wolfe : this game was so much pleasures while i was playing. very good background music. also pretty good graphic at all. i loved this so much.,1
kalana mahaarachchi : i enjoy this game when i am stressed. the music and sound is very very relaxing.,1
johnny english : very good game,1
hieronim krajewski : i have uninstalled the game because of the noisy ads (even though ingame sounds were off). simply because that.,0
min samad : too many ads. i can't go back to the game because the ads won't allow it unti l i down loaded their game. so irritating,0
scott biggs : nice game,1
daniel william : the music was amazing,1
ethan crowder : it is an all out amazing game a great one to kill time and it looks amazing and it is relaxing and stress releving,1
bhavarth bhalla : amazing game i love it. i have progressed in this game without a single forced ad. honestly a five star game.,1
bob li : inspirational game. this is very similar to alto obyssey. this game has slightly better frame rate.,1
nabh pal : dear noodlecake studios,1
adudul haque : awesome game to kill time. but too many ads. i get an ad after every game. overall game is good,0
autumn leaf : i've had a lot of fun playing this,1
alfonso leyva : one of the best games i have ever tried. the graphics are insane. and i never get bored. i play it since 2016.,1
chinmayee mahapatra : this game has all the things that i wanted in a game,1
ramon gomez : fun game to play offline its not too easy or too hard and you can play it for a few minutes without getting bored,1
derek keller : an absolute delight. very zen but exciting and thrilling as well. thank you for your service.,1
yes no : very calming,1
himalaya chaudhary : really a true android fun ,1
rahul thakur : game is awesome but i would suggest u to change the music in upcoming updates because i play this game a lot and this music is now making me bore.,1
gourab bhattacharjee : best game and most beautiful.i play it when i am sad i helps i get satisfied so much cool and amazing and relaxing the background and the game i just love it i am gonna say that to the developer you are the best person in the world :),1
terri greene : abso awsome!!! in love with the game...thee darn rocks however. the senic senery is amazingly awsome. relaxing -- cannot wait to play more.,1
harshit kanaujia : this game has very cute graphics. it has many beautiful scenes and also for sound is so peaceful.,0
cathal o currain : this game is so beautiful... the artwork,1
weebaboo : amazing game but the ads ruin the zen and chill of the game. please ad a feature where you can pay to remove ads.,0
rob o'dell : this games has helped me fall asleep more times than i can remember. pop in the headphones & very relaxing :),1
ademiluyi victor : alto odyssey is a good game rated number 6 in the whole world well i also rate it to. but it needs more moves like front flip e.t.c,1
humaira ismail : amazing games..i love it so much,1
nati aboneh : love it,1
a google user : best game ever played,1
v swaminathan : game is awesome. but sometimes the game getting freeze. i'm facing this issue for past 3 days,1
jacob jones : beautiful music and scenery! i wish there was a little more to discover,1
arun nikzzz : would you like to travel in to a full season of winter?not only playing with my fingers it was playing with my heart.i think you will definitily going with this game in to altos village and winter drops touches inside you.i am waiting for more altos adventures (from my heart),0
alex cruz : its a fun game but sometimes my jump won't work which obviously makes the game hard to play. other than that its relaxing and fun,1
erac gerda7 : the turning is slow,1
bader bmo : this game is so relaxing and amazing,1
chris thrash : would be 5 stars if the watch video to resume worked! video not aviable keeps showing up,0
aditya sharma : i would say that it's an amazing game as it just helps in relaxing our mind alot ! i would suggest you to definitely play this game !!,1
suspicious guy : simply put,1
daedric rider : its amazing game. its getting bored when u do all task. add more challanges please.,1
spencer bowers : immediate 1 star review for showing ads with sound after i turned off sound in the menu.,0
littlevangs : i love this game and when you listen to relaxing music it fits so well with the enviorment,1
karan negi : no more tricks and locetions but game is good for offline enjoy mod i think some changes in game batter for more enjoying the game,1
j. m. cerda : nice game. got fed up with the 30 sec ads. thanks! bye bye!,1
oksana l : in some occasions,1
sosuke aizen : it has a relaxing gameplay and helps me fall asleep when im tired and have insomnia,1
javian gonzales : its just amazing and keeps me relax during stressed times,1
punter gaming : now i got to know why everyone is giving 5 star ,1
sophia gonzales : cute,1
dave barreto : its verry good game the graphics the sound it's made me feel relax please make more games noodlecake thankyou,1
kaos sniper : this game is valid iv played it on multiple devices for years love it who cares about ads they gotta make money doofs,1
adrian : the wingsuit cannot be triggered on google pixel 6,1
alanna fox starks : is a fantastic game,1
sai chandra : i loved it,1
josiah_xo : very calming,1
last avinash : i have a amazing experiance the graphic is very cool and smooth the music is soooo relaxing,1
in love with god : it was a fun game if you did not have to pay for anything which is why i put 4 stars if you did not have to pay for characters and all the other items it would be a five.,0
oleg vasilyev : the game feels flawless in its mechanics and i love the theme and esthetics/sounds. i highly recommend this game!,1
debijyoti dalal : really,1
toua vang : very calm and fun. the rotation speed when you flip is slow though.,1
hridyansh sharma : this game contains a great graphics and music its music is so relaxing on headphoneand so entrusting .,1
a google user : not sufficient but good . try to make boat driving with fishing & crocodile hunting game . email me . simple natural music is best .,1
rebekah roy : omg this app is so fun..and adicting i play it every day but..the only thing is that u can spend it coins on characters witch i really hope u change definitely would recommend,1
harshil verma : it was great,1
bimbi izumi : beautiful,1
tim harris : starts at dusk and immediately turns to night. you cant are anything at night but you get a bonus for snowboarding at night as you crash into the first rock over and over.,0
arun m nair : one of the best soundtrack i have ever heard on a mobile game. torin borrowdale (composer) did a great job.,1
david carter : really not happy about the ads. wish i could pay for a version with no ads and no bs.,0
shruti sharma : it is a really relaxing game. i just highly recommend it. to music in the back ground is just so good,1
amal avg : the best feel good game i played in my life........make sure to have an headset while playing the game it will bring you into the visuals of the game,1
raphael wreford : this game is so addictive! the zen mode is so relaxing too. i literally played 2 hours of zen mode after school.,1
arman labeeb shan : o. m.g this game is amazing. the grafics are so smooth and insane . this game is that what i wanted. thanks to you guys for making such a game.,1
joanna fehr : i just love this game.it's so satisfying to play and it help's relaxing.it's very easy to play and you can go on an endless adventure,1
gaston ibarrola heer : beautiful game. i love the landscapes and the soundtrack,1
irina nalbandian : cool,1
p holsta : very fun & relaxing game. i was skeptic at 1st because of all the previous bs apps i've downloaded. but this ones a keeper #5 star's.(good job),1
soham ranjan bhoi : the gameplay experience is very minimlistic.....and looks very cool...but ads very disappoints me...,1
ian manning : phenomenal game,1
amarnath vats : a good game but one minor thing is that some times it is impossible to see rocks in forest.,1
findlay s : simply amazing. it is so calming and relaxing while keeping you interested.,1
kevin : you know when you have this urge to relax and play some relaxing games ? just put your headphones and play this masterpiece. 100/10,1
harry canfield : it's fun,1
nick anthony : perfect styled,1
yashraj more : best game ever played! even better than pubg,1
elektra sienna d : awesome game! it calms me and any level (so far) is perfect and easy to complete.,1
josef jibrael : beautiful? yeah. but it feels repetitive and a bit lacking in comparison to odyssey.,1
peaceful donut : it's a very good game but you have to know when the time is right to play it,1
a adler : the atmosphere is just stunning... music and graphics are simple but amazing,1
ryan taylor : its a fun game but the night mode is too hard to make out anything if your outside or in high lighr conditions.,1
breadstickjuices : good game,1
ahmed hassan : excellent zen mode feels like life is free flowing helps to think clearly overall good relaxing enjoyable experience.,1
sed cas : what does 3 backflips in one ru means? i did even 5 backflips in one run and won't recognize it. so,1
oanh tran : i love this game. the background landscape is beautifully designed. the game has great music and relaxing playing style,1
jeremy lewis : why wont this app open and play anymore or is this only happening to me? i have uninstalled and re installed it a couple of times and still the same thing,0
avinash kumar bodasu : excellent job.... very good game... congratulations for the team for such nice game....very calming.background music...sounds...effects everything deserves to be appreciated... definitely should try this game....,1
adrian bartz : a wonderful game that's simple,1
joel esparza : i think this is a great game been playing for about 2 years.oh and by the way angel g. im playing on the exaxt same phone as you you just need some practice,0
kitten kitty : this games is a masterpiece it makes me feel good vibes after a long and stressfull day. i recommend if you need a game to relax to :),1
ali -naser : playing this masterpiece with my friend since 2017. it's the most beautiful mobile game i've ever played.,1
rfnc maximus : it's amazed me. with relaxing audio. great graphics and easy controller,1
geraldine augustine : minimalist game. i love it. the graphics on this games is so perfect,1
shasank : its so relaxing and fun!... can you guys try for alto's adventure 2? same mountain location but a bit different?,1
firegirl husf : its great gameplay is so enjoyable and graphics look very good and yet they are simple enough that can be played on any potato that runs android,1
charity nwokeji : nice ace racing game,1
rem4rk : fun offline game with addictive gameplay. wish there was a bit more to do though.,1
savon green : just amazing the graphics are good the controls are good to just over all amazing keep up the great work,0
a google user : the game is rlly noice and a timekiller but you guys need something decent to spend ur coins on. we need more things in the shop. great game though,1
bewton maina : this app is exemplarily good very good graphics and very inclusive. it's as if you can feel the wind itself,1
camo pooper : i loved playing this game but it's become extremely difficult to play recently since it crashes shortly after starting it,1
parker coulter : just a super fun game to play. super easy to pick up and put down. the sequel is better though,1
a google user : you can't restore previous game data...so if you reinstall the game you gotta play from the start which is annoying af :/,1
carlos gachus : great game to play with it's relaxing atmosphere and perfect sound effects and music.,1
just gaming!! : its actually a game which tells you that nature is soo beautiful thats why lets all just go out and have fun nowadays every gamer like me is just sitting in the house and playing games but are not going outside i have learnt the essenceof this game hope you have aswell :),0
gowtham .v : very very very worst game i have experienced. need some more graphics and some extra fittings. i expect this to be a multiplayer game..,0
jyotit krishna : relaxes mind to a great extent....my fav game... playing it from 2 years....it is awesome...i loved it... thanks noodlecake for creating such a masterpiece game...epic game,1
carmen marie de lira : this game is super good when it was my first time but the second time i played this is it could not jump anymore and i keep losing,1
firoz haider mohammad : this game is good i like the graphics but one thing is not good in game is that we have to give money to unlock characters,1
nika blazica : the game is really simple and aesthetic. the sounds are nice and calming! i really like this game..,1
cory niday : do not pay for this game! filled with bugs and errors that are not being addressed with each update.,0
bobin khattak : still yet another amazing game from you guys have no complaints but the reason i did not give it a 5 was because it's literally like a copy of altos oddosy make something little more different,1
saugata banerjee : when u r depressed...this game just makes ur mood....i thank each and every1 for creating an epic game which is relaxing enough but never boring...,1
a google user : awesome game....... in the beginning,1
chris s : good game. but they seem to have doubled up the ads. two for every one that used to be in it.,0
gerald perry : it is as advertised. the game is beautiful simple to pick up and kill some time.,1
daniel carter : great quick game for when you're waiting on stuff. gorgeous visuals and style.,1
ezegolo tony : good game love playing it just that can you guys send an update that allows to switch between both games without leaving like when you tell us to swipe thank you. hoping to get your response real soon,1
yovinda mahardika : i like the music,1
deepak raju : few problems,1
the gaming company : i think this is my best game ever played. i rated it 5 because it is an addictive game.i would suggest you to download this game. it's free in play store.,1
adam turnbull : great game. really relaxed and easy to pick up. great graphics and sound. well done,1
katlego mota : this game amazing to me because i love to snowboard and i love the gerficks it is amazing,1
john a. : what happened with my progress saved on google play games? years ago i've unlocked all characters,1
pinki roy : one of the best games i played till date,1
tumgam loyi : i uninstalled this game. repetitive gameplay experience. to many unstoppable ads. as a player,1
g play : beautiful game in every aspect.the scenery is over the top and i must say,1
ryan gibler : beautifully made,1
clean sound's : very nice game i loved it so much but i had only one wish to reduce the price of the wingsuit as its price is 7000 coins this is my only wish,1
kemmis : why won't it open? i played this game on my last galaxy and loved it so much. i just got the galaxy 10+ and it won't even open. please fix,0
mark gardiner : loved the game,1
haley parrot : i hate that you can't restore purchases and gameplay progress (including xp's earned) despite having it synced with google play games,1
rico : could be a great game,1
max calza : it seriously makes you watch an ad after every run. if you're not offline you're gonna have a bad time even remotely grinding in this game,0
aasder : a game good for relaxing. i'm so thankful that this game was created,1
along lkr : oh my god this game is so good,1
dilfs inc. : it's good. i like everything about it. its very relaxing. i just wish that when you backflip you didn't slow down so much,0
dirt bandits automotive detail specialists : i feel free flying. its so peaceful. and the music is beautiful. ive played both games. this one is the best.,1
manish dosapati : this game is really difficult to play because the worlddesign of this game is so mesmerizing that it becomes very difficult to concentrate on actual game,1
crab buckets : great game but can never go as long as i should as the game crashes on long distances.,0
adam webster : great game. beautiful graphics and great to pass time. would truly recommend.,1
vinmathi vinayager : it has a beautiful scenery,1
gerald denavich : too small and too dark,1
henry davis : addictive,1
harikrishnan ramachandran : they say big things come in small packages...this wasn't just a thing..this was a benchmark in mobile gaming...for what the devs have created along with altos odyssey is mastercraft unparalleled...,1
kyle hok : love it and love games with offline option who always wants to be playing online like games started from the offline world.,1
dave kemp : the game is actually amazing and very fun. but unlike the other one,1
mustafa danish : this game is fantastic... the graphic ,1
yodiphone ! : paid for no ads and it only lasted for about a month. now,1
umar : best relaxing game ever,1
tarupam nakupit : this is relaxing and have good quality and relaxing music,1
a google user : most beautiful game i have played ever. the sublime music and beautiful background helps to relax.,1
pranav avasare : the best game to relax minds ... whenever i play the game ,1
mister beast : i never ever gave a review about any games but this game is so relaxing and the graphics is so amazing.i just love this game.,1
naman kumar : nice casual casual game.. good for free time.. but not so much addiction type.. very limited modes in game.. u will bore bore after sometime,1
ranjana & kankana b. : loved it from top to bottom everything,1
mansoor omar : this is a really calming but fun game and doesn't lose its luster. you can play it for at least a month and not get bored.,1
srijit ghosh : this is the best skating game. small in size,1
traci sims : what a gorgeous game! i am having issues with using the gift shop,1
giga chad : this game is super beautiful just play this game when you are listening to you are favorite song and then you will see the real fun,1
mohammad nick : best game ever! relaxing with and amazing sound and graphic design.,1
nishyank parmar : best android game i ever played. graphics,1
anthony_gamingyt : this is nice game its cool but the problem is its too hard pls put red torch in the rock so we can se the rock and the speed its so fast pls minuse 20% in the speed,1
harsh maurya : very good game features are also very cool and the levels are quite difficult but it is very best for playing,1
test_v finallyready : the background display is simply astonishing,1
simrandeep singh : just love it. simple yet entertaining. it's a soothing game with smooth gameplay. so love itt!!,1
junior ntokozo : this game is amazing the graphics the physics everything is marvelous i give it 5 stars . it is worth downloading.,1
bil al : second best game i ever played. thare's only 2 or 3 sound tracks. this game just needs more sound tracks.,1
pramod r : nice game ..but it is not supported at 90hz on my realme 6 ..so dissapointed....hope the d3veloper optimises it for realme6 then it will b3 fantastic....,1
kam p : it's really good and all but it's so annoying when it turns night because i can't see the obstacles,1
jason l : it glitches sometimes and i can't use the magnets and feathers also i've had another glitch were i couldn't jump.,1
thomas daka : this is a premium quality mobile game. i really don't see why this wouldn't be on pc and console. perfection!,1
skia 52 : i love this!!!!! i play this when i get angry from my classes and it really helps i'm so glad this exists. thank you game producers.,1
amlan saha kundu : annoying "non-skipable" ads. had to close and reopen the app every time,0
dren reinhardt : as an artist i just love the art style of this game and also those beautiful soundtracks . game is just amazing,1
killua zoldyck : this game is amazing i love the graphics the parkour and the stunts in the game. i also love how they put in a night mode,1
ladygirlmomo : amazing. beautiful. out of this wod never done before. this game is so cute and relaxing and help me clam down for a stressfull day,1
john g : very fun game,1
benedictus yuji : this game are realy playfull and fun but now maybe in the future that alto have a haptic feedback dor note 10 because note 10 has already haptic motor for this game so maybe in the future they can include the haptic feedback,1
a google user : very relaxing yet addictive game,1
samir shah : mind blowing game. what a epic music it has in zen mode .really it has exllelent grapics . i am very glad to install this game.,1
vaibhav shete : best low-poly visuals i have seen in a while! gameplay,1
jciom : nice but add an inbuilt music player so that you can listen to the game is nice love it release more mini games within the game and more oddyessy's,1
sheila gable : great game but lately its so glitchy that its almost non responsive to commands. hard to enjoy in this condition,1
aida : i love the zen mode! thank you for this relaxing and beautiful game.,1
modi tirth : it's a best game. morning to night is a really amazing. and afternoon is best of the part. very very nice game.,1
hugh gockowiak : loved this game when it came out,1
athul prakash : is simple. music is good. after a point missions are really hard. u will be relaxed,1
panda_named_bob : having playing this only on zen mode,1
zinc studio : one of the greatest game i played...great graphics with relaxing music...everything is amazing in this game...,1
nabarima chowdhury : easily one of the best games out there with it's amazing graphics and soothing music.,1
rafi thornton : very good,1
zara green : a mediocre app. this is nice but the controls are not explained well and are hard to operate.,1
pritish dixit : excellent visuals,1
the knight of tech : this is a fun time waster,1
uttra : it is not that fun but i love it...it is so smoth like a butter & relaxing game ever...really loved it just because of the graphic...excellent,1
chickennuggamer das gamer : good graphics,1
thamires franca : it's a simply amazing game has great gameplay and easy to learn. with a simply amazing soundtrack i loved,1
warpster : i'm really enjoying this game. ads get annoying. but a lovely platformer,1
shalom a : was a really fun game but at times it would not let me jump and i would have to reset the game to get it working again,1
carniely chernozubov : i really love this game,1
renu dave : awesome game. great graphics. you should add score tabel to 'zen mode'. it would kake it make exciting.,1
neo city : this game is great! very calming and nice graphic. recommended it to the people who gets bored it's very relaxing,1
dragonsdystopia : good game but the wing suit missions don't work. when i do what is required in the wing suit it doesn't complete the mission,0
jb official : its great it has so smoothing controls the music is so nice and there's not a bit of adds in it,0
anka bugean : i almost always give up on games,1
the killer topiy : the game is absolutely amazing i have just one problem i took alot of pictures but i can't find them in my gallery,0
anugrah a : game and graphics is good. but you have to watch the adds continuously.,0
dracir104 : i love skateboarding / snowboarding. satisfies me a lot ! that's basically it. you go downhill on an endless mountain. and there's llamas.,1
pranshu sharma : adventurous game and can be played in a state of subconscious. feeling relaxed while playing it.,1
angel cruz : this is a really enjoyable game great graphics i thought it was gonna be all bad the game but i was wrong.,0
tanomoshii_nekojou : the simplistic art really caught my interest and i did love it! and the sequel... wow!,1
boomer channel bob : best game i played so far,1
ben griffiths : you have to revive alto by watching a video? if you die twice in level 1? dumb. pointless cash grab.,1
ifound achicken : really good game,1
outa spaceman : fun,1
gabby : it's an amazing game the simplicity and the graphics are awesome,1
shinobi : relaxing music,1
micah perkins : i love alto. the only issue i have is that the power up spawn locations need more variety,1
nur rasyida idris : i love this so much.its so calming and helps me take away much stress and look how aesthetic it is and the background is soo cool!,1
a google user : the game crashes whenever i open it. i cannot give a review if it doesn't even open,0
jacob nicholls : this is the most beautiful game i have ever played,1
debby l : love this game it helped me to relax bc of the music such beutiful music. thank you so much to the developer(s) who made this game!,1
leon lucas : this is the game i would rather remain with and delete all the others . i love it so much. good job guys . i love it . people should also play the other one,1
el gran tiburon asesino : pretty good to grind and all but i think there should have been an ending once you completed all the goals,0
chiagozie metamax ogbonna : i rated the graphics 4.5/5,1
mango : great game although i wish you didn't have to pay to unlock the other characters please change this,1
g harrington : "watch a video or spend coins to continue... or end run?" *selects 'end run'* "please wait while we play you a full-screen video anyway!" *uninstalls*,0
moomister gaming : good game to relax at home or anywhere really enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere recommended for long journeys or to relieve stress,1
grell : beautiful graphics,1
ivanoska ospino : 5 star but with one singular glitch i can't get the super coins whenever i go really fast and i go through the super coins,1
ice wave : love the artstyle and simple gameplay ,1
zairinda almuhtady : very beautiful,1
chandru k : greatest game i ever played,1
samantha jones : super relaxing and easy to play. highly recommend for everyone of all ages,1
mark : love the graphics,1
benny hoff : it is really fun and there are not to many adds. great way to pass time!,1
9 : awesome game,1
jason ford : the game it's great mello very nice music people complain about ads well if they where smart just take off ur internet cause i play this with no internet and i don't get ads simple,0
matthew estrada : awesome,1
jad achy : best game ever no ads no glitches literally nothing bad and the game is super relaxing and recommend everyone to save money for wingsuit cz its super helpful,1
lennon babicz : really fun game,1
francesco benjamin pieri : i loved this game because you can play it at any time and it is relaxing i play also on alto's odyssey(the new game) which is very similar,1
arun krishna : if you need inner peace ,1
bubble fish : fun to vibe to. ads are present but not overwhelming. overall just a nice game.,1
kabobber : a fun,1
shivesh prakash : dear noodlecake,1
gulshana isa : amazing!! just love playing this game during my free time and it's background music is so soothing.,1
jacco por : if you don't buy coins you're forced to watch (long) video's before you can play on,0
no because i work at ze muffin factory : game takes too long to download.... i only like animal games i thought alto was a kangaroo anyways bad so bad and even the name is so bad dont download it its a waste of time,0
dana murray : not bad at all this is an easy game to play with great challenges as far as various feats during your play session,0
soul legend : this game is so calming and relaxing! the graphics and the bgm makes it even more calming.. it has multiple places where we can go-,0
amam vargas : theres a bug in which i cant tap or jump in the beginning of the game and even after i restart over and over again.,0
benjamin delamater : relaxing,1
kuro san : i liked the game and all the people saying it has to much of ads are retarded because the game developers needs to make an income from this game somehow and at least be greatful it's free.,1
himanshu panse : this game is the best time.killer and adventurous game.i have ever played . you should also make alto's adventure in india and japan .,1
divya tamang : best game i have ever played i unistaled it but regret it and i forgot its name so i found this game after 2 weeks,1
morgan simmie : love this game especially the changing backgrounds and weather my favorite background is the the night sky with the lightning and the rain,1
little bacchus : horrendously long adverts,1
louis hodens : this is an awesome game to play when your bored and the challenges make it even more interesting good job,1
jawad ahmed : amazing,1
william : love the music,1
ssamule : beautiful graphics beautiful sound effects just calming and peaceful. i recommend but also try the other one,0
david fant : doesn't work to jump over rocks 90% of the time. nothing happens when i press...,0
levi deckers : its the best game that ill ever play and the music is good not to many adds,0
ashutosh rijal : great game but whoever came up with the idea of not being able to collect magnets and coins during boost is going to hell,1
naz montedel : good game good graphics it's very smooth to play even on my old iphone 5 so that's o give it ago for anny one who wants a relaxing game and no adds,1
comma notadot : intrusive ads. pause button placed inconveniently,1
girish udeg : i've unlocked every character from game and purchased items from workshop at that time my google account was logged in i recently changed my device and now everything is gone this is just disappointing i live this game but they're making me buy all those characters which i won with my highscores and points,0
george mutethia : very good but annoying game..it raises my blood pressure everytime i fail..am uninstalling it..not good for my health,1
synthia martins : alto is truly awesome.it relaxes you when you worked up,1
sana hossyni : nice! have beautiful views and relaxing and easy to play. download it,1
kk256 privacy killer : certainly terrible game i've ever played and it's a relaxing game. i'd like 3th version to it.,1
buffy anne sunga : i really love this game it doesn't have any ads no lag ang it's so funn im giving it a five stars you yes you you should download this game it's fun,1
haha : great for anxiety attacks and being bored in class i theres not many ads and you can pkay offline,0
strawberry boi : it's really interesting and there's most time many new things to discover!,1
ekaksha kanaujia : excellent game never played game like this before. with superb graphics. thank you so much noodlecake studios inc,1
shahan shahan : i never thought this game was this satisfying. keep up the work and never stop. amazingly excellent game,1
charith sai : graphics and background sound is good but the controlling is deficult,1
mimeesh minesh : this game is awesome graphics and background music are so amazing.....,1
boba cat : it's a really cool platforming games and the graphics are truely wonderful,1
bharat tak : awesome...as there is temple too...its like...hindu friendly...haha... but good.. awesome.. this game is super for chill mode,1
benjamin lebotse : this game calms the mind.. i lost 4 phones and each time i got a new one,1
bruh : absolutely love this game. played it when i was a younger and nostalgia is hitting me pretty hard rn.,1
darshanik thimmaiah : calming,1
marius alvheim : tells you buy adfree experience. don't disable all the ads. lies,0
harris malik : best visuals and it's free ,1
christopher leon : it's a very peaceful game,1
uma shankar singh : very good game ,1
aaron wanser : fantastic game,1
titus ballard : relaxing,1
rebecca jolley : love this game! one of my favorites. beautiful graphics and design.,1
lbybreakui : a nice game,1
zachary lear : this is a genuinely good game,1
cocoa monkey : too many rocks,1
q kill you : all i have to say to the developers let you guys do the best job ever the game was moved to me as soon as i played when i played awful relaxed,1
kalindu : very relaxing. i love it. your effort is not a waste developers.,1
jayson llanes : i love the game it's 2d the graphics are awesome and i love zen mode it's really relaxing i love it,1
daiyan : when i am tierd i always play this game. its so relaxing and enjoyable. thanks!!,1
djay : a nice calming experience. love the sunsets and the sunrises in this game.,1
flax common : great and relaxing,1
harshit kumar : very soothing calm relaxing game though it can be addictive at times xd,1
travelling mac : nice game but deleted it due to way too many adverts.,1
the isle lore connoisseur : relaxing and easy to play,1
newbie stream : pretty simple yet calm gameplay but don't the paying for some simple skin,1
isaac trombley : smooth and calming game its just the ads i wish it didn't have any,0
gavin mckinley : this game is outstanding just because it gives a calm vibe and the sound effects make this game awesome.,1
{ flochie } aware doggos : i love it,1
matvey voytenkov : fun,1
wahidul barbhuiya : just uninstall this stupid game . always showing ads . useless . i searched for offline games and this was my recommendation so useless good only for ads . waste of time dnt install it .,0
skyler labnongsang : most relaxing game ever. like after a hard day of work you can just listen to music and play:),0
headless horseman9991 : good too great too cool too amazing incredible like the graphics and the music to it's too relaxing music your a great game maker,1
siddharth singh : i have given this game 5 star because this game's graphics and sound is excellent. so,1
abhay jeet : an awesome single player experience with a gorgeous graphics and melodies!,1
patata s : if this isn't the cure for anxiety i don't know what will be. absolutely amazing,1
mark seven : very good for playing in free time. no doubt that this game relaxes one's mind for a while or for more.,1
amusing boys : nice controls,1
ahmad iftikhar : this game is really amazing... juz hope they would add more music tracks... it's really soothing with headphones...,1
xanny : cool and interesting game this game is very aesthetic and the music and sounds are relaxing.,1
jellydark : i never thought this type of good game can available good graphics calming music when i in stress i play this. definitely deserve 5 stars,1
mariocraft _best : amazing game with great music and an amazing environment to explore. a must play,1
jill hadwen : very entertaining and great graphics. best mobile game i've ever played. i can't believe it's free,1
may : again,1
dinan dilmith : this game always helping me to reduce my stress. beautiful locations,1
alex bondarczyk : 5 stars,1
silent gamer david : i love this game but i disappointed in you guys making us pay for upgrades before it was about the coins you collected really sad the way you took. not as appealing to new people,1
rajesh j : hell lot of ads,1
brett munson : fun at first,1
muhammad suhail : music and different background scene makes this game beautiful. it feels so good in zen mode. nice game,1
blue ice : thank you guys for good game finally i found it . i love it so much because it have simple graphics and i dont need wifi to play this game. make more game like these,1
rehaab alanzi : the game is very beautiful i did not find any game like it i'm proud of you for this wonderful work ......,1
apple : i love how every characters have advantage disadvantage. overall,1
veniz maja guzman : one of the prettiest and most relaxing games ever,1
ryan ozorio : sometimes when i jump the character performs a backflip on its own and then crashes.,1
nikhil pradhan : most relaxing and satisfying app when i become bore from my pubg then i play this game to relax my mind and it is also free and doesn't consume data so i play it without any tension,1
shweta sharma : it is very amazing game. i like it's relexing music which was very nice. it's annimation is fantastic,1
khant min naing : this game is very good,1
xannaya : core game is good,1
osial morn : it was very time consuming and very addictive!!! i also love the awesome graphics!,1
denny fredman : very nice attempt,1
nikhil usha : this is the best relaxing game i like,1
mercnem : great game except for the cheap tricks they pull off by giving little to reaction time when avoiding the rocks,0
anthony : great game...needs more content like putting light bulbs on the lines so they pop or something,0
mrwayne : easy to control best graphics and gameplay. love it.,1
lackson sakala : have been playing this game for about 3 years now it never gets old i like the nature and calmness of the game wish to see more on alto's adventure,1
kitara grant : i tried to play.... its very hard... i went on and off for an hour or so.. went back on.. progress lost.....,1
michael : i love the look and feel of this game! it would be nice if there were more to do,1
scott cameron : wonderfull! love zen mode the most as it's a very peaceful distraction. thank you for your wonderful games!,1
pyromaniac : this game was one of the best i have every played. not to many ads,0
ryan russo : it just sucks. i played it less than 5 minutes and i already experienced the whole game. so basically you jump,1
vicma arbja : very nice game. i'd give it 5 stars if zen mode didn't include rocks... that would be truly zen mode.,1
mike katupisa : love it but i think it needs a storyline,1
veer aarya : worst game ,1
adhithyan v : mind blowing backgrounds with soothing music,1
a google user : first of all you can do cool tricks and the controls are so easy tap to jump and hold to flip,1
anastasia : too many trackers,1
randy dumas : ad central. you will watch more ads than you will ever play the game.,0
danzikie : frontflips should be added and landing should be made cooler. but its a nice game,1
ambrose- sama : its a very calming and satisfying experience. from the music and the game play.,1
milo : brilliant! smooth graphics,1
asaryun : this game will always have a special place in ma heart,1
radar kay : great game play. then the ads start,1
joel melino : i love love this game!! it can be so relaxing listening to the drifting and winds.,1
abhishek hota : installed played and uninstalled just because of your redundant tutorials. in addition i'm giving it 1 star followed by flagging it as inappropriate. thank you.,1
mason cummings : i love both games altos odyssey and altos adventure,1
peter : not a fan of ad videos popping up every time i fall. takes the "zen" out of this zen game,1
angelo gaming : this game is so chill the music will make you calm the modes make your sight stronger. its the best game ive ever download! i recomend you to download this game,1
ceo of land : nice game and great music,1
rajas bhise : i used to get night and day mode on my old phone but ever since i downloaded it on my new phone night has stopped coming.,1
edward b : enjoyable chill game. looks good,1
joana pancheva : amazing,1
no thank you google : relaxing,1
cygnus : a very good game. i loved the bgm of zen mode very much. when i play this game my tension and stress are mostly gone,1
josh schipper : love the graphics,1
memo caldo : its one of those perfect games. i just love it. very calming. well made.,1
cyber goy : kind of anoyed that every time i whatch an add to revive it ends up just restarting the game,1
dioleri abigail gequillana baguio : i really love this game...because it so addicted thank you noodlecake games,1
notawaffle : everything is perfect and i found a glitch when you lose a game the board has a chance of flying,1
kateynn hendrick : i loved this game but now even when i jump correctly i always fall off the revenes and cliffs. its like glitched.,1
md. rayan : awsome graphics.....i really loved this game.great time killer.great adventure game.just awsome!!!!!!!!!!,1
aj human : stress buster,1
neha sharma : awesome game i like this some time when i am angry i make him fall and his jumps and backgrounds are awesome i can play this game for hours try this game faboulous and please like this comment also who have downloaded this and liked it just somewhat,1
prem mungekar : best game ever and has a peaceful music and i personally recommended it for music lovers play zen mode always it will reduce ypur stress,1
ruji neko : simply outstanding...beautiful and peaceful...great for passing time and make you nice and lazy.. perfect,1
skyearcherjelly : beautiful,1
kommu asish : the music is phenomenal and i mean it you have to play the game at least once. great game tho.keep up,1
james phoenix : very good game,1
kashi jeevan : it's super smooth and was fun... but nothing interesting...or any variety gameplay.../ no story alsoo,1
mauricio : this game really kills time when you're bored,1
jjaria shaberfields : the graphics are very good and the controls.,1
d_pynappels : i first seen this game at walmart on the phones that are there on display i love the game alot and it's a great time killer too,1
albert einstein : i've no words for this incredible game,1
rout radhamohan : 5 star u deserve it. games should be calming,1
magilchi gaming : this is not a game!! relaxing and stress relief beautiful songs.sir make the nature graphics better amazing love,1
sir glazeddonut : because of this game,1
michelle jodoin : does not last long and freeze up on my samsung device. does not work with screen reader.,0
maddi snively : i love this game! but both games started crashing for me. please fix this!,1
anthony tandika : this game is great and super relaxing but i dont want this game to be like a pay to play game so people can download it for free and see what a true masterpeice this game is.,1
shahrukh nihal : it's good for a fight with controls,1
soohee song : i played this when i was 5 or 6 and it was the game that i told everybody about this is so fun it has a lots of zen which i love about.,1
family room : this is the best game ever! you can unlock different maps and do everthing!,1
joshua george : man,1
dan : get rid of the command and conquer ad. i had to close the app to stop it.,1
eric rasmussen : extremely relaxing and beautiful. one of the games i had longest on my last phone.,1
aman : most peaceful and relaxing game to get over the stress of the day.i really loved it!!!!,1
pieter de la rey : i love this game alot... i've been having some troubles in real life and this game relaxes me...thanks,1
ibrahim adham veddin : it is not addictive,1
rey plaza : i don't like how your just skiing down an endless mountain i love it! i don't like the music its to basic and its to soft i love it!!,1
a google user : its bestest game according to me. i love this game as it is embedded with with best music,1
a google user : i've had this game multiple times on multiple devices and it has never ceased to disappoint me! well done noodlecake,0
razor shark : looks great,1
mohammad altmas : that background music... and that sound of rain. this game is beautifully crafted...,1
hibba : it's really relaxing and the visuals are amazing and the music is peaceful and it's a fun game,1
4hasnain : very calming yet still has a sense of challenge. ain't nothing else like it.,1
aswt mstaw : due to some dirty ads i dont want to give a single star.....yet background and zen mode is awesome.,1
hassan khan : this game is addictive and it is doesn't bombard you with ads like other free games.,1
khalida ahmed : i love to play this game. amazing sound track which keep my mind in peace,1
nat : best game ever! but it hasnt been loading for a month and havent been able to play.,1
lak mx : wooow...i love this game and artistic stunning graphis...make new open world game for us like this....all the best.,1
sarita srivastava : nice game for me,1
something real : a very relaxing and awesome game. very aesthetic,1
marissa pierce : it was fun for a while but i got bored with it. but the game works pretty good and the art style is really nice.,1
katie hudson : a perfect game for when you're board and is an amazing calm experience.,1
sakib ahmed : what a game. really mind refreshing game. i can't forget this in my life,1
ahrurna blackblood scourge of the dark forest : it's great and fun i delayed it simpler because i lost i interest and my interest are always changing but their way yes yes yes .,1
u tech : one of my favourite game i have ever played. simple,1
ayy_its_jlt : a absolutely perfect game if you want to chill and listen to some beautiful music.,1
janaun melvin : very calm and relaxing... until you trip over a rock or get chased by a maniac on a horse. super calm and relaxing...,1
aditya dhoke : awesome game relaxing music and most beautiful vector graphic art. thank u sooooo much developer.,1
chanroutie prayman : the game is super calming and soothing especially in zen mode. i absolutely enjoy the game!,1
driedmilk3000 : this is one of the best mobile games i've ever played. it's super calming and fun.,1
adithya stephen : great game i loved it but some chasms are impossible to jump it happens in alto's odyssey too but i love the games,1
anjum ansari : i really like the game. good graphics ,1
egg : this isn't a game its a game but so good but the backflip is slow to get one so if you speed the back flip up i will increase stars,0
margie van der merwe : i sooooo love the game but it just stops working for no reason then i restart the game onley to play a short time and then it stops again. pleas fix,1
qauland : i can't open this game at all. the game is always force-closed shortly after i open it. asus zenfone max pro m1,0
hallie shortt : best game ever! it is so relaxing and fun!! i love that i can play it anywhere as well!! thanks for making this game .,1
nico mabry : it's a good game but its kinda boring because the only thing you do is collect lamas and do flips.,0
m32 : used to be a favourite,1
pranav gupta : who said simple wasn't fun. i play this game almost everyday and i have never once gotten bored of it.,1
ryder zak : very good game,1
ankineedu kallepalli : really loved it.. especially the zen mode and it's background music.,1
abhijai yt : as i play on a low end device ,1
ayan mandal : alto series is the best for your leisure. sound effect is best of all.,1
lemon t : please fix the game so that alto will jump when i tap on the screen and not 1 second after i tap,0
harshad joshi : this game has beautiful soothing music track. love it.,1
peter morales : i know people want multiplayer,1
shashank bhosale : it would be good if you add more characters..,1
mal kx : the game is soo beautiful and its peaceful and the music is peaceful and the rain and the mountains its soo beautiful so i gave it 5 stars,1
gyary roy : i love this game.this game is so relaxing and i like the zen mode very much.,1
techdoge : great game + graphics were so good. used to have issues on some phones but all is fixed now!,1
shei : this such a relaxing game and i cant stop playing it i love the animation and the idea.,1
krish garg : amazing game must play graphics are very good and relaxing. just play it.,1
govind indani : superb graphics!!!!! music is fascinating and its purely amazing adventure,1
angur chattaraj : graphics are too small... which creates problem in playing.... otherwise its too good for a game.....,0
sady pack : i love this game so much. it's one of the few apps i always come back to play again. gives me a sense of calm and serenity i simply don't get elsewhere. amazing game!,1
roberto brown : this gets 4 stars because of the weather. i thought the game was alright. its something light and fun.,1
music jam : relaxing and an exciting game,1
samuel dhillon : amazing game! great mechanics and soundtrack. very relaxing.,1
google docsslidessheets : the best game to relax and have fun. worth to be in editor's choice!,1
walker smith : fun game. very repetitive. objectives are cool once in a while,1
paola s : stunning,1
christian jed sabillo : really relaxing,1
suryansh kumar : the graphics are like real and whenever i play this game i feel like that i am inside the game.,1
a. rahman : one of the most beautiful games in the store,1
xone hunter : calming but i think there is a glitch on level 35 it's the challenge where it says to proximity wingsuit for 50m i keep doing it but it wont go away,0
kwaku tweneboah : this game is perfect. and really like the sun rise and the rain pour when it's sets ,1
chesko bars : the view is nice also the music love it!,1
watson ngindang : this alto game is so much fun and soothing,1
beke adrian : relaxing game,1
sunil p sharma : very addicted and fun...... i loved the challenge for some of the goals.,1
aryan pradhan : best game ever played. very peaceful,1
chitrangada : it has everything same but not boring it's the most fantastic game ever and i love the endless mode,0
ram dinesh mishra : this game has all the things i want. it's fantastic and easy to play. moreover the background music is really good. i loved it.,1
themememan : this game is so relaxing and fun to play. i love the art and is probably the coolest looking game ever.,1
master gamer 3.0 : this game is really awesome i dosen't gain any lag promblem and this game graphic gameplay and control is perfect i wanna want rate this game gameplay 6 star cuase i love this game's gameplay,1
soumya banerjee : very good game . it has cool graphics and it had so much adventure definetly download it .,1
robert johnson : this is excellent. it's very calming for me. i just love how smooth and simplistic the game is.,1
julia kim : i love the graphics and the vibe that comes from it. very calming and relaxing.,1
miss jackson : it is super relaxing and the animations are beautiful. i absolutely love this game,1
vinay gideon : this game is amazing the graphics were so amazing that i forget about obstacles the bgm was so amazing i want that bgm i could hear all day long op game,1
dark force gaming : very good game with almost no ads and it is also offline,1
shubham verma : its a fun to play game with excellent music choice given by the devs and its photo mode is just amazing,1
cymone rhem : i think it's a really awesome game. it's peaceful,1
bean boy : cool game,1
louraine villalon : cute animation,1
bahanan pr : the best game i ever played in my life . the music is sooo relaxing and this game helps me a lot to relax,1
adhil nizar : relaxing peace of art great music and game play. one of the best ever gaming experiences,1
alisya adriana : dear devs,1
a google user : cannot jump over rocks no matter how much i try. may be bugs. uninstalled.,0
the pineapple : it is possible the most beautiful game i have ever played. very simple,1
jonathan seyghal : a game so simple has no right to be so brilliant and beautiful! the more i play it,1
kam tilak : an adordobley beautiful world,1
lnrd g : despite having an "improved game",1
nancy barragan : its the most peaceful and relaxing game ive played so far its amazing with calming me down when im angry it really helps me out.,1
dean charis : amazing aesthetics,1
nicholas wood : the gane is amazing! there are alot of ads though. but besides that' the game's great!,1
vatsal chhabra : probably the most relaxing and enjoyable game i will ever play. great work!!!!,1
timauri-lee carby : this game is amazing. the visuals are very good and playing the game itself is very peaceful.,1
hannah cofre : i really love this game it is beautiful and simple,1
freddy dodson : i cant jump over chasms,1
priyanka shibu : after several times playing the character won't jump so we have to restart the game,0
sridevi santhosh : the music and the overall atmosphere of the game is so soothing. i loved this game. give it a go ,1
atg redtail : awesome game but there are adds that you have to watch every about five rounds.,0
d_king292 : great,1
sounds funny : love this game! me,1
adv . sofikul islam : the music is great. its very enjoyable.,1
waled khatiz : absolutely beautiful game. so relaxing. aesthetic as hell with asmr/remedial type gameplay. reminds me of journey or stardew valley,1
kashan ali : its a vary nice and breath taking game cause the graphics and visual of this game is simply awesome...,1
melody gwyn : i love this game. i have been grinding for a couple days now and now i have one of there characters "paz",0
emmanuel mulenga : love it,1
sanju : nice and well adventure game ever! nice graphics it's also in trending list.,1
noblefox gaming : background graphics and music are the best to count. love it so much.,1
madhu dhiman : i like this game very much .. controls r good ..nyc graphics its not very hard to eyes ..music of this game is very relaxed and nyc ...its not very hard game to play but its very entertaining game d ilike this game very much......,1
edmund tebia : its nice gameplay but it need more tricks in the game just only backflip even you change the character,1
suleman talat : well i love it's music during the game is being played it makes me feel like i'm dreaming or i'm in a fantasyland i love this game!,1
zisha h : one of the best game i play. thank you for zen mood,1
paul joslin : fun game. 4 stars only because when it's night time in the game it's too difficult to see.,1
diana intan ramadhani : great games. love the graphics!,1
phantom : i tried many times but it doesn't open in my phone. my phone has 6 gb ram. hey developers do something,0
deacon thompson : really fun to play,1
i love my bed_and purple : the game itself is pretty. the ads never pop up. why 1 star them? it is so boring and there is no storyline,0
selton simoes : this game zen mode is awesome... nice to play smooth,1
victoria ariyo : the graphics is awesome. adventurous and yet relaxing.,1
dora nasiopoulou : the worst game ever. it won't let me backflip,1
sadhaam hussain : awesome,1
rizky adellio : for developer alto's adventure,1
ayush gautam : wonderful game! i am enjoying. this game is very interesting. it's music and sound is good,1
sailabala dash : the best game ever amazing grafics and attention to little details its music makes me calm! if u haven't installed this app..... who the hell are you waiting for!?!?!,1
khaled farsi : i think it's the only game to play if you wanna relax and enjoy in free time,1
mahmud sayem : love the sound,1
jonathan mendez : really like the game but every time i start playing it doesn't let me jump and its been like this for a while now,0
assassin gamer : doesn't work right,1
a google user : most aesthetically pleasing game i've ever played! truly,1
amanda_ lacerna : the game is so beautiful and amazing! i definitely recommend this! and alto's odyssey!,1
phil macdonald : beautiful graphics,1
supreet singh : great game with good graphics,1
abhay : it's not the best game in the world,1
nekki game stars : this game is very interesting. the graphics is good and the gameplay is also very good. the theme is the best that i have in this game,1
neeraja lokhande : best game i would like some slight changes like more characters and a mode where theres an end .thank you for entertaning me,1
salam ali : this game is really relaxing and this game really impressed me alot op game i reccomand everyone who dosent play pubg or other games can try dis game .its really a good game,1
joby john : excellent gameplay,1
ben ran : not bad,0
food secrets : i like this game it's a very good time killer specially in this quarantine because of the coronavirus we have to stay at home,1
jmzkarma : such a great game for those times you wanna play something chill and fun when you have a few minutes to spare,0
yasmin ibrahim : this game is amazing,1
mamta shrivastava : very soothing and relaxing game with beautiful music and graphics.,1
miss kangna gurung gurung : most beautiful game i had ever played in my life .the background tuning is so relaxing love it everybody should download this if you wanna have some relaxing time,1
a google user : it's just amazing because you etc chases by a guy on a horse and many things you should download,0
book : amazing!!!! really relaxing and so much fun! love the zen mode!,1
meow winky : nice but on the next update could you add velocity that when you are falling off a mountan you can get more speed,1
gunlovinsweatteachugger : i haven't had ads yet and that's a win.,1
abul irfan : i really enjoy this game in music or graphics or stunt game play everything is good in this ... but this is one of adventure but game play extraordinary,1
johnnae eve : honestly its so good i play it all the time and you don't have wifi to play it best thing ever.,1
ruofset : i used to have this game it was really fun.but the reason i 4 stared it because it kind of hard to download.but it's really fun i'm being onest.,1
gijs mulders : neat game,1
sinthu dinesh : it is a very cool game with high quality animation ,1
k sagar : i useally dont do the reviews but this is good.ev3n its a small game.. game music & mode feels great.. love the zen mode..,1
suhas p naik : this game is good and so smooth to play but it has sone major bugs so please fix it quick.,1
nilavan kiritharan : nice,1
rupsdbb : not getting full screen view on s10e. black band appearing on left side of screen where camera is placed,0
jay patson : i loved the game.the graphics are awesome and the music soothing yet the game very addictive.,1
alex sawyer : the game is alright.... the number of impossible to win situations is frustrating though...,1
robert p : i love the game especially the zen mode where i can just glide endlessly and relax.,1
andrew cadman : great little game but lengthy adverts ruined it so removed,1
neymar neymar : these game is relaxing and fun and it's make me feel happy just play the game with your headphones on and turn the volume up and play the music in these game is relaxing i really love these game,1
mohammed shahid : superb game and there are good graphics which gives the impression to the game.,1
raj shatru : i was playing it on iphone and now on android,1
m t : best game which i have ever seen. iam a gamer but this game is the best .best music experience.,1
liam hastings : so incredibly relaxing. very enjoyable and challenging enough to keep my interest,1
avik das : just awesome app,1
oc2 - jai : very simple but great!! the game looks beautiful at certain times.,1
drmaddi09 : awesomely relaxing and somewhat therapeutic. beautiful aesthetics. well done guys!,1
a google user : amazing game but can u make your flip speed a little faster cuz its pretty hard to do flips sometimes,1
james livan : this game will suck you in..... it plays so well and the art style is amazing.,1
juan cruz : alto adveture is a very fun and excieting game it has no ads and loads very quickly 10/10 recomend,1
billybob vision : getting used to the game. need fast reflexes and alert mind.,1
kapa srinivasarao : worst in night mode,1
frans bastian : great game that has objectives that need to achieve on every level.,1
senpai landon : it reallly fun but one problem is that some rouds i cant even jump or even in the middle of the match,1
aditya natu : can not perform actions like jump or backflip. i think this is a major bug fix it asap.,0
saurabh suryawanshi : good but same interface ,1
charon : like the game and enjoy . play for fun and feels so calm. you must try the unlimited mode ....,1
muhammad nahil : love this game and this is relaxing.but when i want to play this game,1
daniel ramirez villegas : love this game great design,1
private : beautiful game. it's great for relaxing and listening to a podcast.,1
youtheme : very chill and fun,1
caesar macababbad : i like the game but there's a weird glitch where it won't let you jump i failed alot from rocks please fix that,0
brandon leyva : what is there not to like its relaxing fun and can past time and its not boring and the sceneryis buetifal.,1
shane slosson : fun game butnit.seems like the farther you progress the more ads they spam at you until its literally every crash,1
mathew kyser : spent a ton of time playing. really relaxing and enjoyable..... until you pass krampus,1
sarika takhar : a nice and sweet game .but we fall when we try tu jumb thats the worst thing ,1
lex docks : so calming ,1
ollie.00 : my eyesight is bad,1
bharat balasubramanian : one of those best games which really is made for simple entertainment and pure joy !,1
darek gab : advert every two runs,1
oki rosgani : this game has nice graphics and addictive ... so much fun to spend a free time,1
oves shaikh : amazing game this is!!!!!!,1
priti gohil : the background of this game is just amazing!!!! so refreshing. it is truly a wonderful game.,1
kris collins : this app contains a add that will instintly charge 9.99/mo to your bill,1
spider's man : my phone isn't compatible for games i thought it would work because it loaded but then i go on the screen and it wont let me.,0
jake the editor : this beautiful game will be displayed in a museum in the future. "an example of one of the best mobile games ever made".,1
ormar marpen asad : the game is therapeutic. i hope it remains free :> but its okay if its not i'll watch ads,1
vmegacol : great game and expirience. mostly great for people who want exploring,1
tina wallace : great game. only complaint is the rocks are too hard to see at night time,1
devtitan yt : it's one of the most relaxing games i have played so far it takey mind of things especially this lockdown due to corona virus or covid-19,1
tigran ghazarian : chill game,1
alpha gamer : one of the best relaxing games the zen mode is absolutely necessary for me tha gorgeous effects and the music us very helpful,1
amanuel hagblues : it takes me back and reminds me to my beautiful abstract memories of nature and life.,1
da hoboe boi : i love this game it's calming atmosphere and music make it a really nice game that you can chill out while playing,1
chris lil : it was good until our stupid elders. i was landing a backflip and the elder couldn't catch me but i still fell off that isn't fair,1
rasta_samurai uwu : i really enjoy the soundtrack and the visuals it really is a masterpiece of a game.,1
take mcleod : it is so fun and it's so stress reliefing when i listen to music and play the game and i love lamas and lobe the stile of the game,1
kk-11 _____ : lovely game. great music art and the game is overall very calming.,1
ao ov : a great,1
da_alexjeanes : the graphics,1
trys nouveau : cute little endless game. entertaining and easy enough without being *too* simple,1
shriyans roy : this is the best game i have come across. and honestly the background music of all the games is amazing.,1
samuel auka : relaxing,1
prem : it's a simple game.clean...easy to play and nice graphics.(simple)but cool,1
a google user : absolutely beautiful game,1
nihal : this is one of the best looking and aesthetically pleasing games i have played. kudos to the developers.,1
[ ] : good graphics and the gameplay,1
shehryar : amazing game,1
invader z : love it. beautifully designed scenery and relaxing gameplay.,1
tanjim purno : the game is good but still it doesn't support 18:9 screens which sucks big time.,1
damon : the graphics and sounds are amazing! they realy had me immersed!,1
nate : great game. i love the music and the animation in the backround is awesome. i love it,1
linda kern : slow,1
selome : i've no words this app is soooo beautiful.. the sounds. places everything specially zenmode so peaceful,1
samuel : it was pretty nice overall,1
devin meyers : amazing game,1
jeremy brannon : too dark,1
a google user : its not bad i mean its good for adventure guys but i'm not an adventure guy i'm more like a silly funny guy but i'm glad i gave it a try thanks again noodle cake for making this game,0
zubda shafi : very soothing game whenever i feel down i play it... especially zen mode..that's my favourite plus it's music and sfx,1
mukesh kumar : can't tell how amazing and smooth gameplay! always attracted to this game while studying .,1
debarpita dutta : the best game for me. not only to pass time but the soothing music relaxes stress,1
hargrim za : the game is wonderful... but if you ask if i want to watch an ad,1
c. r barat : it's the most fantastic adventure game i have ever played. good job noodle cake studio's.,1
the anime hero lol : cool game make sure to download it.but its kinda hard to back flip but im getting better and motavating music,1
dumbass mcgee : sooo satisfying the graphics and controls are awesome all in all one of the best games ever,1
aj worthen : the game is very great. but no challenge because you are just doing the same over and over,0
jathin sreekar jakka : my most addictive game. loved it thoroughly. the graphics suits the game properly.,1
ayushman gaming : a vey satisfying game.. when i get very angry i play this game and it relax my mind.. thank you developers for giving such a beautiful game as a gift..,1
logesh logeswar : very funny to play,1
melissa stokes : it won't jump i tapped so many times but it won't jump the only time the jump worked was in the tutorial,0
malay sontakke : very soothing,1
rushikesh kaduskar : love the music,1
yagyadeep kumbhkar : it is best surfing game i had ever seen.it is very simple to play and had a lots of fun in it.,1
sanjit kolaprath : minimal game with soothing music and nothing to complain about! just great!,1
stellar : honestly this is the best game to calm you down from all that stress coming from school,1
lex_is _law : although the game looks and feels great... you play it once,1
spaganese : i loved this so much! the zen music was amazingly calm. ahh i loved it.,1
eric kingson : i love this game. graphics and sound is very best!!! and it is so challenging game,1
j m : game is really dark and incredibly hard to see. three levels same dark ugly.,1
jordan campbell : super fun and relaxing! nothing serious here,1
tanuka majumder : best game,1
collin : this game is amazing,1
nived t : beautiful game thanks for team alto for this beautiful creation i have one suggestion...please add different background music for relaxation,1
kazuma sato : this is how game should full of peace and truly natural background music with day night shifting. wao just love it.,1
time pass : it is a very very nice game and its controls are so easy and perfect .i like this game very very much .,1
/no_info : this game is fun although it can get very boring if you arent very good like me... soooo i deleted it but i still enjoyed the time i spent playing it.,1
mathew evans : paz is borderline unplayable. need more creative moves than a backflip.,1
tanay mohta_09 : indulging challenges and superb graphics one of the best games when no internet available,1
emma handy : zen mode is so relaxing,1
shaurya pratap singh banshtu : i am loving this game. both adventurous and beautiful. the music is so calming.,1
dimitris anargyrou : great game,1
jermaine francis : very addictive game. the music is soothing,1
philip earsley : great way to relax and play a game while snowboarding down an endless hill,1
jhilmil malik : the graphics r awesome,1
nisha jenin : when we play this game we go to an other world .a world of mystery !! stunning graphics and sound,1
healer gamer : i just love this game. amazing graphics,1
melissa wilke : alto ain't worried about competition in the gaming world. why? because no other game is like it. there are no copycats of this game. no good ones anyway. you won't get the same game play experience anywhere else on the play store. you're gunna love this game,1
a google user : it's a really good app,1
azadar hussain : great game and especially the background music makes it even more splendid.,1
usha mahato : the best offline game i've ever played. it's very relaxing and addictive. i loved it.,1
prabhu : really i love this game. it makes me a....... that experience cannot describe in words,1
david gunstensen : i guess i must be missing something. this sure looks like a pretty lame snowboarding game. where is the adventure?,1
gabi gacha & slime : i love this game soo much!!! like the graphics and the gamellay and like this is so worth it!!!!!!,1
anish yadav : omg!!! amazing game and specially the endless run which has a sweet background music..... just love it,1
matthew harder : great game. one of the best for sure. well made. hard to master. i wish i had enough space to keep it on my phone.,1
ripley revilla : great game but the jump button broke and i could not finish anything.,1
jessica brennan : i liked the game but now it keeps crashing every time i try to play.,1
serjeel ranjan : the game has very beautiful scenery. alto mode is satisfying. good game,1
gabriel menendez : super relaxing has amazing graphics,1
philip carroll : it's a great game but spoilt now by far too many ads. shame!,0
the alcatraz guy : i like the art style,1
ken rhutso : i recommend downloading the game.its worth it,1
thegoatyvenel : this game is amazing relaxing challenging and most importantly the graphics and landscape are great,1
andy : simple yet hugely enjoyable. adds suck but that's the world we live in unfortunately.,0
scott devries : cool game. different. update changed from 5 stars.... too many ads.way too many ads,0
junior juice : outstanding graphics and smooth controls.,1
anurag das : awesome backgound music and graphics creating the perfect vibe for gameplay ...,1
divyen chetty : love this game,1
springlock 120 : stunning graphics and game design! was so suprised upon downloading because of quality,1
g_12_prathmesh chaudhari : very nice graphics all over its a good game but should have some more to do with it,1
kovu phoenix : it's a fun concept but the fact that when it gets dark you can't see obsitcals in the way is a pain,1
bread : very easy and fun game to play! very cute and adorable characters!,1
a google user : i love this game,1
anoopanubis blueberry. : awsome game. easy fun and timpass.. beautiful and refreshing graphics.. loved it,1
muthu samy : i think snowboards nd character should be added and the game should be more interesting..,1
mrrishi100 : very peaceful and beautiful. game play is repetitive though.,1
idontknow a : so much ads. altos ads. thats the name. every break.,0
larry manns : fantastic! great for occupying time while traveling and relaxing.,1
naran ram : this game is amazing. i never played a game like this. the music was very relaxable i love it so much,1
aditya telgote : best graphics,1
pragati : amazing game. and i really like endless mode,1
nodirkhon akhmatkhonov : the rock comes in no time. till i manage to jump,1
shuvrojit sanyal : it is very relaxing to play with the music in the background.really nice game.,1
rafsan rakib : awesome mobile game,1
naved sadman : fully relaxing+ endless game that i like it. you should enjoy the game by using head/ear phone.,1
swaraj thakur : the best game ever i have played in my life i used ro think tgat my mind needs fun adventure,1
prashanth kuruvatti : nice and smooth game for timepass. some time adds are checking our patience.,1
sloffiee : it was good game liked endless mode (zen) but bit boring after having for while its one of those 'meh' games like i said it was good just boring,0
jingyuyap : the game is cool and good,1
kennedy torerit : nice game and good graphics,1
martin pishpecki : boring game. outcome will not depend on any skill. it will depend on pure luck to achieve it. no skill,1
kieran carter : if they added more tricks and got rid of night mode this game would be amazing,1
maxwel kibe : good graphics,1
shaurya verma : good one !! it's experience is amazing and very interesting 5star rating for relaxing game and its music,1
rohith justin : one of the best games,1
a google user : best game with great graphics and surround sound gives me pleasure when play forgets sadness,1
david udoutun : this is a must have game really cool,1
ashish : amazingly relaxing with soothing music,1
jerem caraquil : this game is cool and i like it,1
designer perfect : this is a good game...but design and graphics are not suitable to play,1
pert oodle : the best mobile game ive played it's really made clear the developers made it with money as a background thought.,1
diego illiterate : i love the zen mode so much,1
strider83221 : amazing,1
uma devi : do not download this game this game is lier i will give u a example when i will not touch the screen only it will be going normal but when i go to jump then it will not jump only do no downlode this game and this game is also like recorded game his game name should not be alto's adventure the name should be ad's adventure and last sentence it makes your phone very very very very slow so do not download this game,0
tim wetmorian : it's a great game. i loved playing it. noodlecake games should release more stuff.,1
larissa conde : amazing graphics and amazing music,1
protected method : amazing game but wish there was a way to pay to get rid of the ads,0
roberto seminara : not just one of those 'calming' games,1
shovine kazama : for some reason my review got taken away. very suspicious,1
a google user : the gaps you jump across should be smaller and not have to jump up but great game,0
dhaneshwar maharai : i like this because it's a game having endless fun . i would like to say that i can play this game for a long time without getting bored.,1
mayur patanvadiya : good game but poorly copied ski safari.. physics are not good.. cant stand with ski safari.,1
kool aid man : great time killer,1
kirubel getnet : the graphics,1
nillie nikkie : i've had this app on and off for years now. simply love the zen feature.,1
tizzle m : the game 's fantastic but can you add a multiplayer to know who survives than other players,1
soumik mondal : more complexities have to come up otherwise very innovative game and it is very smooth,1
farshad fareez : out of words such a azaming game gud graphic and the music soo gud i cm meditate playing this nxt update add a waterfall and the sound to it,1
kiran : very relax game foreever in my history . absolutely love this game it's soundtrack is mind blowing,1
wills casto : i love this game mainly because of the music. very relaxing to play!,1
sameer mudickal : its background music is out standing and so much relaxing. very good game,1
andrie m : my skater won't jump nor flip when i press i keep on clearing the data but its still not working i need help,0
naomi patricia : nice game,1
a google user : very fun but hard at night because i can never see the rock and always die,1
ari lara : amazing game. with the graphics and detail. it's one of the best!<33,1
family khunshuti : i just love this game a lot ,1
a google user : awesome game the music and the nature of the game controls our heart.now i understand why this game is editors choice,1
thz kimoton : it gets too dark during the in-game nights,1
daniel christopher brown : very calming game,1
deepak : animation is pretty good and i loved the background music.,1
a google user : it is a really good game i enjoy the tricks and trying to avoid the crazy old dude lol sry not good at summarizing but it is a good game,1
arjun singh : very effective and easy to play. so addictive and enjoyable game.,1
fiona loeb : fun could be better i like the other version more alcoa oddesy is much prettier but this one has better music,1
arfan hafiz : so addictive and satisfying.....the music is relaxing and the background too,1
sunny deys : love the scenery,1
anzer naveed : nice classic game the only reason i gave it 4 stars is after playing for a few days i don't like it much now.,0
andrew matemosi : wow..alto's adventure is so fun and addicting..excellent graphics..nice work..,1
roshan yadav : good game loved it! smtimes it automatically shuts down,1
valentia moleko : heaters are the worst and this game has the best graphics best everything best 10 i don't know this game is five stars i can give it 10 stars if i want,1
kvk siddartha : one of the best mobile games out there. relaxing and beautiful. definitely try it,1
lawrence anderson : doesn't register that i've collected the coin magnet against objectives so i cant complete the level i'm on!,1
david ennu : i really love this game because it is a stress killer.it might even be best game i have ever played.a must for 5 stars.download and enjoy,1
green bean : ok so it is installing but the installation takes so long since like it is stuck on 37% my device never does that like come on ()* any way hope the game is good so i'll keep it on a 3 star for now,1
kota amitsukami : its a good game but when i play then sometimes i glitch through ramps or glitch past some coins,0
jeff rollison : game isn't fun enough to justify the spam and popups. deceptive at best.,1
vladimir petr : please add multiplayer option to the game it would be awesome to play with other players,1
gibson gonzalez : i like this game. i have downloaded both of the alto games and have thoroughly enjoyed both of them.,1
bethel : to be honest ,1
amar trbonja : the sun is the sun,1
pramod kumar bagde : it is good game nice graphics nice animation good characters you can add more levels,1
kevin chin : the music alone is already worth paying for. simply beautiful.,1
samuel jegede : simple but excellent gameplay. missions were achievable.,1
boot sticky : legit liked this for a bit but after a while it just stopped responding to jumping so i couldn't get far,0
muffins : beautiful game but way too many advertisements to be enjoyable.,1
fiona stovold : soooo good the graphics the music it's just so relaxing,1
a google user : amazing gameplay. great time waster. good for those moments of constipation,1
ak. : it,1
yagna patel : omg !!! love the soothing music ,1
tj gaming : this game is very high level graphics. i like this game. it is a mind relaxing game,1
freya w : it's a fun game,1
chaman rawat : one of the best quality games out here. really loving the vibe.10 out of 10 would recommend.,1
langelihle kwakhwa : absolutely amazing game.well done. the song,1
tobin tom : marvelous....i was in enlightment.just go to the zen mode..this the most wonderfull game i have played.,0
170k : i purchased this on pc and i'm not watching ads or using macro transactions on a junk spyware platform like android,0
james thomas : its fun for a while but gets pretty repetitive quickly.,1
nour khatib : great experience hope you make an alto amazon something that contains more green colors and natural scenes,1
david l : very well made game. relaxing while still providing a challenge.,1
justin rawlins : switched phones and signed in and nothing,1
jacqueline sichter : a lovely calming game,1
likhan mallic : i love this game for stress relief. thank you developers for making such a great game!!!,1
vesix_ eath : nothing wrong with the game at all super fun but it gets boring after a little,1
luca camille : very soothing,1
nagappan : nice graphics and quite a challenging game with great soundtrack,1
seitzontarget : fun game but the ads kill the experience. a damn shame.,1
wezzie mwafulirwa : it's so fun and interesting but add more power ups and characters,1
callam hill : good fun to play and the art work and music is just awesome!,1
ascteryd : it's great game in offline mode. better sound. good game.,1
orion : great game for mind relaxation,1
vpemrh mar : i really love this game it is amazing and challenging when u pass the first level,1
k pennington : gets boring after awhile and is way to hard to get new characters.,1
dipanjan pal chowdhury : amazing game,1
anogh das : lovely,1
samson raj : boring! nothing to do! no tricks nothing...frnt flip! back flip. jump jump.,1
shesharaj baisane : most graphics,1
bonzzo atef : love it and the atmosphere of the game is beautiful,1
maxplosion1 : this is an amazing game that i have been playing for a long time,1
md. abdul motin : this is an awesome game. thanks for publishing such beautiful game. this is the best game i have ever played. thanks once again with love.,1
a google user : "congratulations! you have completed all the goals!" one of the best games i've played. thank you :),1
niff creature : another great game ruined by ads that freeze and crash the game,1
muhammad othman : i purchased this game 4 years ago ,1
j : this game isnt put together well.. to dark when its dark.. just a waste of time,1
cang snow : cool game,1
ella friedman : amazing graphics and a game i can't get enough of. easy 5 stars!,1
romain forestier : really relaxing,1
vini pande : wonderful game ever its voice and the night feature nd all the features are amazing play this game realxing nd so much intresting,1
bob bobby : zen mode with headphones is beautiful. could play forever.,1
boi yeet : i took a couple screenshots from the game and i cant find any of them,1
seldon levasseur : app wont even start,1
levi korop : fun,1
paul kenyon : great game. would love a little more variety,1
dane smith : lots of fun with a good balance of difficulty to reward.,1
blake gamer 10 : lots of fun and the zen mode is perfect for a relaxing gameplay,1
aidey p : it's a good looking title. is there any chance you can enable 120 fps on the oppo find x2 pro?,1
raleigh elizabeth : i love this game. the graphics are amazing and there are almost no adds.,1
a google user : good graphics,1
mjm : if you are going to spend time on this game turn off your wifi it gets rid of adds :):):),0
atticus dodd : pretty game,1
danny hemnani : it is a good game but can improve a little bit on graphics,1
lilly madera : this is a great addictive game great graphics relaxing settings great gameplay best game on the phone ever every one should download this game it is so great,1
musa hussain : boring and not at all interesting to play all you do is tap do not install.,0
hannah mears : beautiful gratics and music! the atmosphere is outstanding!,1
king13nightmare : absoluty beautiful gameplay and eyecatching visuals. 10/10 would recomend.,1
crispy spy : love it had it but phone could not handle needs 2g of ram to work normally but a little less is also fine,0
boba fate : best game to play with or without family really nice i would appreciate more games like this one love it.,1
datasianboii69 : great game but it keeps crashing and freezing.,1
taj caughman : great game very soothing you can also take great pictures... (its also very adictive),1
marshall woods : good game. reasonable goals. please change the logo so he's facing the right way,1
cariaga paolo : thia game so good thats why i gave 5 star because the sound is good and the quality too people said its boring but its not,0
bryan vause : beautiful,1
tamim sidat : really de best game ever played ,1
seon stronghold : fun,1
fll ffl : worse than its counterpart odyessy. a good game despite that. gets repetitive.,1
gautam mulik : great job on the game or is casual and fun and u can play it at your own pace,1
debankur hazra : when i played this game for the first time,1
a google user : it is fabulous because it gives a authentic melody before starting the game and it's grafic,1
a google user : if you love watching ads,0
one tap gaming : i think so this game is very and very adventurous game........so don't waste your time guys installed it. trust me !!,1
hikikomori : perfection .. and the best soundtrack on any android game ever!,1
gabbi moningka : everything about this game is just so relaxing. i love it. definitely needed this during this time.,1
om bavalekar : i just love this game.. the background music helps to forget everything makes me feel better..,1
dillon pense : fun but i am alittle disappointed that the only aerial trick u can do is backflip.,1
c b : this is the most beautiful game i have ever seen. the details are stunning,1
matt kocian : fun and relaxing. didnt even care when i crashed!,1
aman soni : very nice and relaxing game the zen mode is superb with relaxing background music,1
dk lycan : i love this game because of this climate change and rainy sound are so real and it feels better when we're bored,1
croozy : amazing graphics. fun gameplay. not pay to win. fun.,1
hap3guy : very high quality game! the art and gameplay are surreal!,1
a google user : it is the best game i ever played. it is one of my favourite game. it is really awsome fantastic. it is all of fun!!,1
ahmad alkhatib : i really enjoyed this game. easy to master,1
eric almeida : one of the most relaxing games i have played with great graphics.,1
knowledge world : game is good but we can't see the rocks so we can't go more distance,1
zach h : this is an awesome game! question is this in any way a christian game? because the sun shine in the game has a cross in it it still cool,1
aditya singh : fun and easy to play,1
akhil rosh : great game with stunning views. great way to kill time.,1
joaquin garcia : a really relaxing game to play. especially in a car ride.,1
sayandip sarkar : it's magical...the best android adventure game i hv ever seen. i am already addicted.,1
sean speller : awesome game! in my opinion i think it is better than alto's odyssey.,1
ty massacre : could be more exciting but a quick and easy time waster for sure.,1
yoethan64 : epic game and the graphics are amazing(not realistic graphics but amazing graphics),1
kayno : this game is far better than 90% of mobile games,1
grim london : really fun! i just with you could get coins faster.,1
star consultancy : it is a very good game but after a while it gets boring....and pls add some more new features so 3 stars for me,0
dragonbeast gaming : "don't hate the player,1
ultra instinct shaggy : amazing and beautiful game,1
sujith s : great game.i like the background music it is very relaxing.and the gameplay is quite owsme.keep it up guy's,1
geminations : 10/10 can play for hours,1
bo ling : great game that really simulates a flow state. especially in zen mode,1
katychi david : the only problem that i hate is the ads other than that,0
oliver westbury : i love the game it's real cool and soothing graphics are pretty good as well,1
ben lindsay : a masterpiece. once you play zen mode there is no other way to play.,1
kate sharples : finished tutorial,1
mwamba mwamba : cool exciting game. relaxing and the best part is the challenge so awesome,1
kanta sharma : its ethnic beauty always attracts me... lovely and relaxing game .. mind blowing game... please install it who loves natures bounty....,1
raj kumar limbu : awesome,1
a google user : this game is relaxing and i love the scenery,1
emre a : top half of the screen is useless. why not pan down little bit so we can see where we go,0
jayson basilio : i loved it. this is the best challenging and soothing game i ever played.,1
99kingz : game highly not optimized. i have 3 frames per second on oneplus6,1
kani c. eurphete : super easy controls and totally addictive and i just started playing!,1
ender_god : wow. i have no words,1
arnab mukherjee : great game for stress busting. please add some more tracks. please,1
christopher jay domingo : app not work on my s10+. always stopping not even loading?? uninstalled!,0
emma weaver : relaxing and wonderful game although it does have some funny glitches every now and then xd,1
hamza khan : forces you to watch irreverent ads. time wasting and bad advertisement,0
max fel : this game took so many hours of my life and i regret nothing. love the characters. izel is queen,1
nzogi royale : very interesting game calms you down and makes you feel like everything is going to be alright..,1
james bradley : game seems fun,1
omar mallick : it is a very good game but there are little ads please remove the ads,1
cibi ben fz : one of the very best games ever played... peace of mind..... the music is the power,1
gabbie v : when i'm feeling down i just open up this relaxing game and play. and sometimes it's not just when i'm down sometimes it is just a great time killer. but you have to slap llamas on the butt tho,0
rainy day : its fun but the ad's after every single run ruins the game completely,1
anonymous : this game is really awesome.it's graphics it's music all things are super awesome.i really love this game,1
stephen hall : i love this game the art is like the bomfire and the other games i would play it for a long time,1
madison mueller : this is my favorite game too play now each character has a upside and a downside its amazing,0
rishit prani : the zen mode is literally the best thing you could've done with a game,1
adarsh v mohan : love it. the zen mode is relaxing. great job.,1
david peters : nice and relaxing game,1
anthony johnson : can"t believe what i've been missing. addictive,1
harshitsolanki solanki : i love the backgroung music and i really feel good to play this game really well done developers,1
bryan m krisimpa : i put 5cause i played this game and it was really nice why because it is really really adventurous and it's fun to play alto's adventure,1
soe thura oo : the music is so lovely & good . thank you for making this game !,1
uzoma uzoma : this is a simple and great game. the challenges make it even more interesting.,1
anil kumar : amazing graphics,1
changa peter : great graphics and awesome application of the laws of physics,1
ashfaq ibn main : best mind freshing game i've ever seen . go ahead. hope more relaxing features will add soon.,1
raymond evans : this is a really relaxing soothing game to play especially when stressed i love this game :>,1
lucy cook : its a great game love the graphics thank you developers keep up the good work,1
chris ku : crashes immediately on opening now. every time. (on galaxy s10e),0
vishal pandav : not working in my asus zenfone max m1 pro... force close every time i open... android 9.0 in my device,0
kumar : excellent graphics,1
hatim aliasgar : this game is very good but in starting i not understand missions but game is cool there is not frontflip also,1
winston li : the gameplay was fun and it had nice graphics only problem is the ads,1
gallant thevaliant : always a good game to come back to,1
abhinandan adlinge : beautiful music and wonderful sights....simplicity won me over...,1
hlompho radebe : graphics are cool. music is relaxing. i love this game,1
ragesh amrith : good relaxing game with good graphics and music.,1
a google user : it is a good game but in night mode we can't see the rock otherwise it's good,1
tharun kumar : the best i ever played . the graphics,1
john salinas : this app is very nice.... it lessen my boredom while in quarantine.... i like it.,1
a google user : cool game,1
s dilip kumar naidu : awesomely awesome.found this game and felt in love with it.the first game was awesome though but this didn't have lemurs,1
mohammed redowan : its very addictive. loved a lot... and it has a cool music....,1
matthew mack : terrific design,1
wang sherpa : the best game by noodlecake studios.alto and his friends,1
muni ajay parasa : the superb game which will give a cool and relaxed feeling in worst situations also,1
seitou tsariru : even the shittiest of games are not this persistent in giving ads.. very annoying..,1
insane hannah : background music is so relaxing this is so unique game everytime i play this game i felt so relax ....,1
a google user : this game is awesome dont need wifi a liked its relaxing and fun to play a can play where ever l want.....good job developers,1
reginald lowther : simply awesome especially the graphics and the music,1
kekdkdjdj jdjdhfjdjru : amazing! better on apple tho because u pay for it and no ads,1
dirt : alto's oddesy is the exact same but with many different upgrades and cool new things,1
molvi musk : amazing game,1
esha mallick : the fantastic game.... has so calm and peaceful relaxing music.... love it,1
katarina gaurina : beautiful game design,1
sourav trigunait : this is an amazing and funtastic game i ever play wooow. if you bore play this game may feel good.,1
johnny sir : these game is very good but i can't play because i want to play actions games like pubg etc. sorry alto's adventure,1
lankala sethuram reddy : simply awesome!!!! and good graphics.,1
thechiefbanana0 : good game but the guy that chases you ruins it. how the heck is a camel running almost 100mph? fix it please,0
andrew franzosa : would not let me jump. crashes on launch just overall doesn't work,0
hari haran jayavel : good graphics and long adventure game .control use easy,1
yea yeaast : lol then only reason this game hasndownloads is because its on every single phone on display and really every new phones like the mall as ddfault,1
naimur saad : the game is good but i am giving one star because of the annoying ads after per run,0
kyla davis : very relaxing and cool to unlock all characters!,1
e b : rock that are impossible to jump over ruin the game. rigged for p2p. zero stars...,1
istiak ahamed sifat : this is such an amazing game but sometimes jump doesn't work that's why i'm uninstalling the game,0
crippling depression : this game is great! i love the graphics and the game is very fun and addicting.,1
dude's gaming : super graphics and gameplay. a perfect match.,1
lily b : really great to pass time no bugs and really fun game play,1
ben hanneken : this game is a great road trip game because it keeps you calm while you have a blast.,1
abishek kannan : poda it very beautiful good game and very nice gameplay is 5 star and controls is also 5 star the graphics is very good 5 star,1
benn myburgh : just overall a really nice game its just my tipe of game the music,1
mark a : loved it so much thank you for making this game. great background and experience well done.,1
timothy browne : graphics was awesome! loved it! full stop.,1
sherilou colons : simple and smooth gameplay,1
krishnarjun k : it's one of the best games ever. great graphics,1
tejas m banakar : very nice senaries love them and the music mode more and more satisfying,1
patton pray : i love this game but the new update is making it crash on launch for me too :(,1
sherlyn lobo : amazing game. very smooth ui. good game music,1
donenilo : absolutely beautiful; the perfect game to relax with.,1
adauto serpa : beautiful game and sound track. hard quests.,1
noman meria : one of my favorites...i really love it. thanks developers for making such a beautiful game.,1
technicalboy 22 : an ultimate easy and relaxing game. loved it.,1
maple oak : too many advertisements,1
roshan singh : controls are not good unable to make the character to jump or to flip need to be updated,0
dipankar dutta : hardly recommend if you are searching a relaxing and bordum killer game..,1
tumma venkatakrishna reddy : most of time hang my phone which has only one game app i have completed many levels but today in able to use it,0
syed mohammed ahmed : simply amaxing game,1
joshua baker : i paid to get rid of ads,1
a google user : best. good music,1
kwizera pacifique : good graphics,1
sean schaefer : the gameplay is fun but the amount of ads is overkill,1
lata verma : i gave this game only 1 star because in this game you lose very fastly no matter how you play.. and of course it is so simple..,1
mintu sab : i loved this game ,1
stephen volz : very relaxing just less ads and you got a perfect relaxation game,1
stephen murphy : love the design and wish they could have made it a little easier,0
aman jha : love the relaxing music and beautiful graphics.,1
dark snow : very good. it's be better if information to season be compete. thanks,1
alice : too many ads. other them that,0
eliza mace : its such a relaxing game which really helps when i am stressed.i just love this and altos odyssey soooo much,1
antonio jem catubig : this is so nice that you can go just chill in the mountain and use youre earphones what a nice game,1
a google user : it was fun and somewhat addictive but too many ads,0
tearfox : the gameplay and the music is awesome . so nice melody,1
a google user : was watching my brother play it and first 30seconds i started downloading it just needs to show what level you are but over all great game,0
a google user : very calming and relaxing game,0
a google user : the best game ever i have played!! the most interesting game ever this game makes a kind of peaceness during the time of playing ; so according to my view yhis is the best game i have ever played.,1
ajith naik : this game captures you in a way that is not meant to be explained. just experience this piece of art. an art of life.,0
holly brosch : don't get this game get the new alto's odyssey it is waaaaaaay better! trust me and just get alto's odyssey!!!,1
christopher ross reade : crashes on launch every time. galaxy s10+ snapdragon.,1
deathstar : this game is so awesome graphic r great i wish more content for. this game please.,1
a google user : the most relaxing and challenging game i've ever played. loved it,1
ava stamatiou : super fun and challenging! i have spent a ton of time playing this game!,1
trash pandaa : amazing game. very nice art,1
adnan muli : its fun but it suddenly stopped responding to so i had to wipe all data for it to work,1
jeffrey lund : while the game is beautiful,1
manveer singh : really calm and relaxing it even has a zen mode really addictive,1
tenko kari : beautiful game! very fun and peaceful once you get the hang of it.,1
ashok mishra : a very relaxing game,1
austin daw : very peaceful and lovely to look at,1
mohammad shahid : best game for time pass. and the characters are good.,1
jaya bharathi : when i installed this game i loved most . but later this game is very boring graphics are better controls also better but the game is not better,0
eshelle jore : i love everything about it,1
swaraj more : damm one of then best offline game with the music in background and graphics damm just damm masterpiece,1
a google user : amazing graphics,1
maynard panuel : soothing music,1
gagan deep singh talwar : amazing..very soothing soundtrack..everyone should play it once.,1
don umar : very easy and very interested and super time pass game.i gave fore stars in the game,1
rowena ramos : so relaxing. headphones makes the difference. wow!,1
a google user : it is kinda fun just to dark and sucks a little i would not reccomend to friends your choice to download or not,0
tapolabdha bhattacharya : good game zen mode is very good and the music is soothing,1
emperor aslan : the game is simply awesome .... and the music that is what makes it special,1
rajendra radiya : this game amazing. but need to add extra boot upgrade ski.,1
gauri potdar : this game is sooooo addicting.... especially the zen mode is my favourite.....great job noodlecake studios,1
shrut dalwadi : remove stress,1
smokescreen prime : really relaxing,1
samiam : this is my favorite game now. i love the music. i love the graphics. thank you for this.,1
ingrid syku : i like this game because it has the graphics great and it is so peaceful.,1
saura sai : i don't personally know you developers but your game made me cry ..how someone can make something so beautiful and sad at the same time.,1
murad hasan sajeeb : it's a very interesting game. i like it so much. please,1
onnapria mares : this game is so much fun,1
pete martinez : i think it is very cool i tried it on my brother s ipad and it was so much fun,1
jintu phukan : very peaceful and i love playing it moreover it's music is very refreshing.,1
henry trollope : great game but bug that stops alto spinning mid spin is ruining long runs,1
aisha yahia : its good for your mind...and so cool for you ... you feel like you are flying in the moon,1
playgamesarcade : great fun game,1
ej : great game to relax and a fun take on the endless runner genre,1
king drip : very good game great to listen to music to as you snowboard,1
audrey k : it wouldnt let me control ther skier several times and stopped working.,1
lamar : simple and relaxing music expecially when in zen mode ( forgot the name mode lol sorry ) it was so relaxing ngl,1
raj mukherjee : actually it is so calm game when you are tense it's music oh! what should i say it's graphic is also awesome .,1
florevelle bongcawel : i love the graphics,1
pratickk choudhury : the experience,1
shubham saxena : nice to play but some time it didn't take the coins and boosters.....,1
jesse rozco : it's really fun buy the rocks get on your way too much.,1
shabbu papu : it's not a problem game. it is a best game in my life i want to be a best friend of alto,1
prince of thieves : i like the second one better but this ones okay really its nice but i like the vast deserts instead of the alpine summits,1
prabir biswas : design is awesome,1
daniel kallsen : the feather powerup glitches out and i run into rocks,1
zach k : great game,1
madara uchiha : game is good but please make some ads more appropriate to children sure i'll give 5 stars,1
rip xs : why did u have to ruin a perfectly good game for ur greed how on earth do u make a free game free to play after when it was released totally free wow no wits just a barrage of ads way to go devs,0
parsa moallemi : it keeps me entertained whenever i'm bored. love it!,1
shonen_ weeb : love this game,1
agnes smith : i love this game so much unfortunately the controls aren't so good but its amazing non the less,1
ayan karmakar : this game is very relaxing. you will fell very exciting and relaxing to play this game...,1
njobe arnold : great game nice and calm only problem is ads but it's a great game,1
mnm : relaxing and simple,1
merciful lord : i love this game sooooooooo muxh because it have great gameplay and graphics and a wonderful relaxing music,1
sparksfly : great,1
stefan cvetanov : love it...love that there is zen mode...always a good thing.,1
pritam pal : this game is just amazing ,1
payton prentiss : same as odyssey but tweaked to make it much harder.,1
john c : a very fun casual game with great music and visuals,1
brandonius : great game. i've played it for a long time... but it keeps crashing,1
katie n : i can't pass the tu tutorial because the controls don't work.,0
david draper : too many long ads. i uninstalled it.,0
mirehsan omrani : please fix ad bugs or remove ad ,0
fox ushiha : this is a wonderful game! i loved it,1
malti yadav : astounding wonderful just please try it once and you will get addicted with relaxation,1
suspicious cake : its a really calming game however it keeps crashing everytime i open it,1
mohsin : they didn't add tutorial how to play it automatically land ups and down,0
myo htet : what a game! it's so chillin n laid back. just can't believe we can play this for free.thanks a lot devs and all team members...,1
abel : really beautiful but i felt like it's almost the same as the first game,1
adrian kowalkowski : it's an interesting game with nice graphics and adventure,1
shawn atiqur : the game is overall a very fast pace action platformer.,1
ka'burst : nice game. when's it's raining,1
panwar happy : it deserves 5 star but i will not give it because it is free on phone but paid on android tv.,1
nate fukuwa : cannot play,1
axey ds : best game ever it's so relaxing and the music is just amazing,1
fillemon nashilongo : this is a really fun game to play. it got me glued to my phone all day so i would really recommend it to all,1
akash roopesh : the best game i have ever experienced in my life. just loved it.the music is just awesome,1
hallek g. : waaay too many ads (unmutable ads!),0
shyamal kumar biswas : nothing special... sometimes boring! not so good control.,1
a google user : i really liked this game!! it was soo peaxeful ful and calm while looking at the scenery pass by would recommend this,1
benjamin yambao : it's so great the sound is so calm and the zen mode is the best,1
doyouhavemilk : great game! its ao perfect and personaly my favoret game! low key cant think of a con.,1
azura zakaria : the game is very good but the flip is just soo slow......... enough said....,0
rekha trivedi : please make like this games it is very addictive and have a great graphics,1
yogi ari : i really like zen mode. relaxing sound in the game i've ever played,1
alex ramirez : it's a great game with jaw dropping visuals!,1
john gardepe : its a wonderful game to just sit back and enjoy this review wont be much help but its something. love the game uwu,1
a google user : this is a really awesome game. i love zen mode,1
tenshi : i'd love me some 90fps alto's smoothness,1
austin louis : beautiful and calm.the music is really relaxing.,1
jigdeal bhutia : best game. personally one of the best stress relieving games ever on play store,1
kaarthik rm : game with cool graphics and animation.,1
jamie kwong : amazing game,1
varun kumar : the background music is amazing i thanking to the creator for good mind relaxing game,1
arshid nadaf : very nice game. superb graphics.. no to improve more...,1
nolan terry : i wish that everytime you land a double backflip it gives you a mega boost,1
john palmer : best one-button gameplay and semi-random level generation,1
pulse : nah....this game is toooooooo goooodd love the peaceful music and scenery.....the ambience is beyond words..... jusst lovvvvvvve it.....its perfect after a tiring day thanks developers,1
steffen waldner : it needs no explanation but no ads a mobile game with no ads five easy,1
maddy samia : awesome game,1
nathan gridley : needs more obstacles but it's still fun to play,1
paris laycock : i played this game sense i was a kid and i loved it! i would always be happy about playing this game when i got home from school. still play it to this day,1
kimiya shahabifar : this game and the alto's adventure are awesome games and its sounds of rain and snow are fantastic,1
immanuel_lyndon manny : i have always loved this game it isso relaxing and good if you have nothing to do or need down time,1
swagat kumar sahu : simple nd short gave ,1
yash kansal : i just really love the zen mode of this game........ the music is sooo soothing,1
daniel ronan : really fun game,1
zesty chicken : fun and very relaxing,1
ankur anand : one of the best soothing games when played with earphones!!,1
osamah anjum : used to be amazing until these new ads came in to it completely ruin the game,1
lorraine campbell : i've been playing it for a long time on my brothers phone and i love this game and my others please keep the work up i'm crying,0
nugzi. projects : sorry relaxing and good if your a bit stressed out from what ever your doing,1
avinash kharwar : amazing ...just one button click for the control of adventures island,1
sherman_ mcfly : it's a good game but when you skiing at night you can hardly see anything,1
roc_ kit : overall nice game if it had a level based story or something interesting wound be even better,1
sozius : beautiful and rather fun i actually someimes waste my time just watching the brilliant day night cycle alto's odyssy is better though,1
wayne cmiles : will no longer play on a samsung note 9. seems i wasted what little money i put into it.,1
a google user : beautiful game. that and the second one as well. very good job!,1
hd haflong display : uninstalling because of annoying ads after every one match...,0
freddie winters : horrible! i barely start it and it crashes!,0
raj singh bais : very satisfying but with some small bugs and errors,1
rupesh shriwash : awesome scenes and and i love dynamic weather and relaxing music,1
koalaguy : very relaxing,1
naveen kumar : really amazing game... i love it...... alto's adventure.... best game.... i recommend to gameing lovers.....,1
vicky smith : i reckon it's an amazing game with awesome graphics.,1
cody hofsink : goals are abit too challenging even at lower levels,1
antony anthikad : ui is amazing. great work team.,1
anita chepchirchir : i love it the music is perfect the mechanics just download the game,1
jon kuci : cool look but not so attractive in playing and gets boring really quick,1
rajesh patil : great timepass game. and playing with allan walker songs give a great experience,1
timothy elmer : adding non-optional ads after the fact is not cool.,1
mike ryan : game updated and lost all my progress,1
saddix _z : this is a very pretty game! and super relaxing! 10/10 definitely would recommend!,1
md hossain : i just love the graphics and the background music is amazing. i love it,1
mihir : awesome game. simple and artistic. 5 stars.,1
a google user : i really loved the simplicity of the game,1
brian bain : super fun game. great way to spent hour and hours.,1
tmwh gaming : sometimes the controls dtop working and when i click alto doesn't jump,0
kodzuken : i love this game very very much cause this game have relaxing mode that's i love to play when i'm in mood for relax..................................................................................................................................................................,1
manisha deshmukh : it's amazing and peaceful to listen . thanks,1
t dangler : i found a bug if you play once then fail and try to replay you cant jump,1
zafran prayata wiza : im really like this game,1
spazminpoggers : i love this game because it is super fun and i love the music. it is soothing,1
ollie bailey : this is such a good game! it is super easy to learn and really fun!,1
riya 143 : i am a pubg conquer player but everyday i played atlest 2 hours this game. the best game i ever played,1
ashkan khodakarami : the best phone game i have played ,1
gal gadassi : a beautiful masterpiece of a game,1
j mortensen : good before! but now there are way too many ads!!! i guess the owners became greedy...,0
prakhar gautam : will convert it into 5 . if developers give us an option to select weather in zen mode,1
md sanmon sardar : just feel the music and environment with headset,1
a google user : such a lovely game! so atmospheric and beautiful! wonderful music,1
udow nomee : smooth,1
naveed cheema : bestest i ever found. the transitional environment nd soothing music juz luv it,1
abraham sabbah : very relaxing. beautiful art. enjoyable gameplay.,1
akash kumar singh : osm game graphics and scenes .i loved it .its music is loving and so peaceful,1
no gf : amazing and beautiful at the same time and no predatory microtransactions,1
roshave mohabeer : innovate more games like done for odessey and peaceful backgrouds view in the game.,1
judy millicent : a very beautiful game it is very relaxing the graphics are like so relaxing i love this game,1
tuog productions : pretty good and worth downloading. spectacular art style!,1
genji2507 : great game could use fewer ads or just be like 3$ and be add free,1
siddhant jha : how can one make a game so beautiful.... just one word "awesome" but there are some glitches around...,1
busyness man : nice game too many ads :( alto oddessey is better than this why is this even editor's choice? so lame....,0
zaiah h : so satisfying and relaxing love the game especially zen mode,1
zuberee rahman : very relaxing time pass however it's hard to play..,1
seeb : it's very good game and i absolutely love it and the sounds are so satisfying,1
sunil acharya : it's sooooooo calming,1
mladen bajic : hard to get into with constant ad interruptions,1
sachith : its a great game to play offline. kills time.,1
bun_bun : i personally love the the pictures. this is the best game out of all my games!!,1
jitendra gaur : graphic are so beautiful just watching gives a great experience,1
munyaradzi verenga : good graphics and colors . also its lite,1
a google user : beautiful graphics using controls but maybe one too many ads,0
emily : cool game idea. really nicely done. smooth gameplay.,1
normie : it's a mobile game. their isn't much to say about it other than,1
sinedstro cythan : the scenes and sounds are mesmerizing. it's that peaceful heavenly feeling in some animes,1
chandan kumar nath : this is a really great game it has good graphics.really good game.,1
- roadninja : simple but really fun. killed so many hours with this game,1
saurabh mehra : very nice and calming music ,1
graham sargent : in game ads annoying,1
a google user : one of the most relaxing and elegant game of the decade,1
arunava dey : awesome game,1
richard wickward : this is such a fun game i cant belive and there is barely any adds so this is such a fun game i love it so please make more games like it thank you,1
allan archie : it's okay. not diverse enough to. gets boring as time goes by.,1
shreeparna saha : altros oddyssey and altros adventure are familiar game. but altros oddyssey is more fun then this game.,1
merlin : it's so good ahhh. it's very calming,1
akku evin : i loved this game i have also played alto's odessey but please make this two apps together so it would be great,1
tarun kumar : i like the game too much it gives me very good experience of mountain and snowing everywhere,1
cavin alrick : this was the coolest game i've played this far ! i loved it ! this game moved my mood. better than nothing. i liked it !,1
adarsh uday : relaxing game ,1
vel kani : best adventure game in zen mode i connect ear phone that sounds melody like and thrilling,1
kanishka : the most relaxing game ever,1
brittany roundy : i only rated 1 because when you hit rocks you are not able to see them with the background,0
ben holtgrewe : it's better than the new one and it has great music and controls,1
maya rani biswas : the graphics are very beautiful..... i liked it very much.,1
relexson : great gameplay,1
slender : peacefull game ,1
charlotte : beautiful design and you're not bombarded with ads.,0
louanne mendez : i cant jump theres a glitch i really want to play this game but its not letting me jump,1
kimkim serly : i love it,1
ryan smith : it's just ad after ad at this point. i get that you guys need to make money but there's a limit,0
beverly johnson : downloaded this on the back of other reviews and i haven't been disappointed,1
gulshan : it's playing is like a waste of time. it's better to play other game.,1
anindya subhadip roy_crn 222 : great game and the snow covered theme is just awesome...!!!!,1
gayanne ch. : it's so difficult,1
a google user : i love how satisfying the game is. great graphics!,1
ngakan gunawan : very enjoyable playing this game,1
pooja khanna : the most soothing and relaxing game of all time!,1
temoc avilesstovold : the best game ever the graphics music just the most relaxing game ever,1
krishnendu guin : great gameplay,1
troy udtohan : a pretty fun game! perefect for passing the time.,1
j lekha : it's very interesting and good...graphical adventure...,1
dont look on my name : the background is cool and the flip is very very satisfying...,1
justin doc robbins : relaxing and great to play to pass the time.,1
eat your cereal : i love the design and the concept of the game it's so relaxing and fun,1
bruce carl bramer iii : excellent gameplay in my opinion no ads when offline,1
marissa jones : 3 stars only because when the snowboarder crashes i want to see blood. more satisfaction.,0
tulasi kommula : just loved the game fantastic controls really cool i feel just amazing after playing this game,1
skippie granola : it's simple,1
o e : stunning visuals,1
mocambo khush hua : it's my first review for any game beautiful game background music graphics everything is perfect,1
a google user : fun but repetitive. graphics too small.,1
jesus alvarez : this is the best game i have ever played in my life. and i got to play it when it was time to go to bed! and i am not citing at all! and my name is keniell. i love this game!,1
j.i mazumder : one of the best games i've played so far it seemed to be boring at first but i'm addicted to this now!,1
epic boy : really soooooo relaxing and beautiful graphics.,1
sashi thurya : it's a very boring game. there is only one place. do not download. this game is very boring game,0
haritha : 5 stars for the bgm good game . offline . no stress. recommended one,1
arnav aoi : good to play in quiet places pretty challenging it is nice.,1
david ubersteuernen : game crashes when trying to log into google play games account.,1
songs center : wow i loved this game its sound and background is awesome like real nature please make many games like this nature games all the best for your new creations,1
titaan : a very nice and relaxing game. superb aesthetics!!!,1
mukhallad salah : i love this game and i wish to make another adventure for alto like alto in jungles of africa,1
therottenmutton : i love the game its so fun,1
ankur jha : dear sir,1
o_0 : there is no zen mode with deathless run...shame uninstalled.,1
rishabh verma : awesome and amazing game but plzz try to add a option of adding facebook friends...,1
scott kimbrough : don't like the ads and i can't jump over ravines.,1
aza chapman : beautiful game,1
s.h. rehaman : spam add after match .if you not intrested,0
ahmed hyder : one of the best games on the play store.soothing and etched with calmness.dazzling!,1
get bent gaming : fun at first but got boring,1
callie morales : amazing game,1
dheeraj nagdev : try the zen mode.great visuals and music.,1
ellis luke : amazing game with great art and will try and support this game!,1
andre gas : nice but..i can t see my man nor the rocks sometimes,1
patrick scars : so soothing and relaxing to play....best game to play after a tedious day in school,1
piyush : game's great. but for my low vision it's a headache.,1
tanay singh : very good game i love this as the character are unlocked various new power also come,1
bubbles : i love this game especially because of the gen mode its very calming,1
creative das : this game is so good .. it's graphics is so good i mostly like the day night combination,1
andriu brenes : it's one of the most beautiful games i've ever played,1
c : unresponsive controls mar an otherwise pleasant experience,1
ahmad sawaid : the game have i very good sound in background ,1
believe osenele : dude the graphics were to die for you did a pretty excellent job i'm actually jealous,1
dreaghy : 2d + ssx + journey mashup ! nostalgia and musical emotions along playing !,1
naomi horn : great game. way too many ads you can't close out of,0
caleb turk : fun run (snowboarding) 2d platformer game.,1
floating stone : relaxing enjoyable and easy to play with no ads,1
ela main : fun game great graphics but but the controls are bad,1
m didia : really cool to relax and play without data usage,1
emerald : it's fun and all but i cant figure out how to do the giant holes in the ground.,1
amit basu : very relaxing music and awesome heart touching graphics....,1
akhilesh thakur : bad game....waste of time...hill climb racing is better,1
jessie austin : decent game to play in a waiting room no progression system really,1
ayaansh solanki : amazing graphics and really calming and relaxing,1
navneeth kumar : awesome,1
shaban chang : this is a very beautiful game of my experience and today playing am also i am also thank you and thankful mr #alto adventure congratulation maker,1
slash & dash : cool and relaxing....not extremely great likebother games...but its fun,1
joseph r. khan : 100% free,1
miss nawar : beautiful game,1
shayne 'ct' ayres : simple and relaxing,1
nate r : wack a$$ game requires an ad watch every fng time you crash your snowboard.,1
sajitha ck : best for relaxing .so calming and the relaxing artwork,1
deepti marathe : awesome graphics and extremely soothing music,1
kevin bruzzi : amazing game and graphics; very addicting.,1
onkar dalvi : exceptional graphics for a simple gameplay,1
aditya verma : relaxing and calming with music,1
doughnut media : this game is awesome but why is alto flipping the wrong way on the icon.,1
ali gohar mughal : beautiful and quiet relaxing game.. worth time spending.,1
pravin parmar : the following url adobe the adobe flash player is required for video playback is unavailable right now,1
wy tank : love the game good graphics and it's better than aiko's adventure,1
a google user : iam a great lover of this game and i liked very much and when i grow up i will go to this similar of this place to do an adventure like alto this game is really opened my eyes and this is shure that one day i will do this adventure and meet the creator of this game and this game's music give me so relax and give a strength to study i love this game very much i will do this adventure one day thank you for developing a relax able game,1
renato atienza jr. : simple yet entertaining and interesting game.,1
nishant kr : controls are weird,0
paolo : relaxing and visually stunning.,1
sayer : beside a bug there is nothing like a problem. great job,1
edward agrusa : ive played this game for years i love it and its relaxing as well as oddessy keep it up guys.,1
shreyash raut : awesome gameplay especially that zen mode (really stress relieving),1
dlm skullamander : this is terrible i can't even make the character jump any more.,1
joey capili : this is good but i have 1007 coins i like this forever but you make this great and good and thanks we love the game,1
captain_kaptain : fantastic game. you won't find another game like this. it makes you feel... special,1
eric rose : used to be a great game before they overloaded it with ads.,1
zazzy banu : amazing graphics great work on jumping and i love it,1
pi -tech : good game and graphics,1
jestine odelia sharren sinaga : this is my favorite game of all time! i first found this game in the phone habits,1
balongelwa alfani : really good game and with really good graphics,1
prakash pammi : feels so relaxing makes you feel stress free gameplay is simple gives you mind refreshment,1
ishan : loved it. very soothing gameplay and soundtrack,1
cameron govender : it's a fun a hard game when you go further witch makes it fun,1
barbara bennett : i love the zen zone it's great and beautiful.,1
p viswanath : excellent graphics and very exited levels are there,1
dhruv trivedi : one of the best games in the app store.very relaxing and enjoyable,1
tinio jasmine supan : great app the details and sound effects everything!,1
kishore shaiji : vivid background and fun expirence along with the soothing zen music makes it a top notch game,1
pandorium [ceo of candle wax] : it starts off slow and for to long but still fun,1
larry qin : calming music with simple mechanics.,1
alisa winterbach : it's so beautiful and relaxing to play. honestly a lovely game,1
old starchy : well made,1
a google user : best game to kill time and the music is so relaxing,1
rahul ramachandran : great,1
a google user : everything is fine here but i'm unable to connect with my id which i have played before..... please help to get it back,0
sachin s. rathour : this game is just so relaxing it always calms me down just love all the editions of this gane...just love it,1
a.praneeth reddy : very nice game ,1
juggie bonebrain : repetitive. meh. beautiful graphics.,1
indranil saha : best game for online as well as offline.,1
jess.c : amazing the graphics are fantastic!,1
harry : i really love this game . it's so relaxing i really really love it developer thank you for making the best relaxing game ever,1
krushi kevat : love the music! it is very soothing. thnx,1
jonathan gendron : literally my favorite app,1
crylasap_tear : i really love this game,1
s t i f f a f r o : perfect! and the graphics are very beautiful btw,1
cycle bean : i love this game tbh i had it on my old phone and i got it again pretty fun i dont play it as much anymore add stuff please. ill play more,1
adel alshamri : game had potential but they ruined it by watch a video to do this and watch a video to do that,0
krsna rebulado : the challenges were something to look forward to. i got addicted.,1
pinaki mondal : fantastic peaceful game. love the background music.,1
ashang lungleng : too many freaking advertisements!!! sorry... uninstalling...,0
kash manie : it is a very peaceful game although,1
anita bam : a very fun and exciting game to wile away time!!! loved it!!!,1
selma dwiana r : this game is so relaxing and fun at the same time. i also like the background music,1
shane mason : preferred the older version w no ads but still a fun game to play v casual,1
megan posey : this is really pretty and has nothing bad about except the ads,0
leland reid : this game is a wonderful thing,1
jaffar abeid : i like the graphics and the features,1
abdul hak : most relaxing game ever it worth so much beautiful and i have no words to say is that beautiful,1
gathan m.f. : really great time killing game,1
kirk graham : i love the gasphics story title just everything i love it great game keep up the good work,1
george la france : really good graphics easy to play relaxing,1
james paine : crashes at launch now. can i get my in-app purchases refunded if this isn't fixed?,1
jikrul : one of my favourite game. played it for long time. still i am enjoying it.,1
harikrishnan t : it's good and intresting....but if we play continuously it's feel bhore,1
smail dza : good and a litl bit hard game play and good graficks and animetion,1
ash miller : i loved it. it was such a calming game and calms my nerves all the time,0
fred yates : cool graphics,1
advaya s : not compared or shouldn't be compared to pubg because this game has a unique aura or satisfaction!! keep it up!!,0
sir fred : charming little gem very peaceful i quite like it but no it's not your action/adventure game,1
hitspecko : : i loved this game. when we play there is no tension in our minds full of peace and joy,1
jj nisk : good one handed time killer challenging yet not frustrating -,1
simon gray : didn't work on pixel 3,0
aditya paul : its a best game in my life thanks editor's choice. i loved it.,1
prince tonny : its good but improve the place to be atleast good and also to look real game,1
a google user : i love this game. this is much better than alto's odyssey. i love alto's adventure.,1
ninja rehan : good game for mind peace its has great background and i recommend playing zen mode,1
shailesh sonwane : why in starting it ask for collection of data?? i mean it collects only game data or another data in my phone??,1
mark marin : app used to work great,1
rashmitha himath : beautiful vishual effects. perfect gameplay experience.,1
gokula karsel : best game.graphics are good,1
johnny stene : okay game,1
prerna kumawat : very good game with good graphics and sound.,1
a google user : seriously one of the most beautiful an peaceful games ive played! great job on making it,1
roshan500 : i like this game whan started playing this game in 2016. and still like it i forgot this game for a while but i was watching youtube and this game's add came up anyways i hop there make a cool game like this again,1
elod : the reason why this only gets 4 stars,1
dude imperfect : it's a great game,1
frost cold : it's a fantastic game,1
crazysololo : best game in the app store so fun challenging and never gets old,1
jonard vincent romero : the music is good and are the graphics i will download altos oddeysey,1
rajnish mandavariya : great graphics and concept.,1
twisted mind : the best game i've ever played,1
simo momo : amazing relaxing game. i wish i could rate it 5 stars one billion times,1
shreya jk : great app helps to calm down and is realistic.,1
a google user : it's great to play the game and the gameplay is also simple,1
mohsin salman : finally a gane with good sound this is the best game to play in lockdown,1
sharon muir : very enjoyable and good game to pass time with,1
ravindra lahane : i played this game 4-5 years back and now i am download ing it again so see the craze and download it!! full support from me to noodlecake,1
broken heart : it has annoying ads. hate it,0
red dragon : this game is cool and active for me . i like! while playing this game,1
arovan dragon : simple ,1
kagiso rantsha : the greatest mobile game ever created. perfect in every way.,1
jakker green : beautiful graphics but not so much entertainment,1
sara and john savel : good but make it so you can do some challenges in zen mode,1
a google user : best game. simple control and awesome gameplay,1
panda jea 246 : very calming just play your music over this game and it'll be even more relaxing you'll love it,1
white_tiger975 : realy really good game just wish you could do more than a backflip,1
mirajuddin chowdhury : i have been playing this since i was released and till now i will not forget the soothing and peaceful music it plays,0
skyler cook : too many loud obnoxious ads,0
nav k : zen mode with day and night landscape is incredible,1
jeff jeff : absolutely incredible. this games a vibe,1
shaswat singh : the best interesting game i really like it get more just like that with new thing and upgrade thank you,1
hydro-bot : a must have. reminds me of journey the playstation.,1
cool boy : this game is very relaxing.i love the game's music.so calm and soothing!,1
punya pradhan : played this game on 2016..still searching in 2020..use headphone n feel d natural adventure..loved it..love it,1
gian antonio caparas : visually appealing and fun! a deadly combination!,1
chrono_ jester : it's really fun and a great way to waste time while having fun,1
olivia green : 5/5 the game is really addictive and fun.,1
gurvinder dhillon : best game! music + graphic make feel good always,1
a google user : fun little distraction,1
a google user : great game! not too many ads either,0
jonnathan rsk : best game,1
s/l football comedy : the first time i played this game i was simply amazed by how captivating the game was when it came to touch play,1
d s : too many ads,0
samurai d : i expected more. game works,1
. : such as developed this game and super good music download must use headphones,1
ryann angelo flandez : good game with great graphics!i really enjoyed playing it,1
the_magicbee 447 : its really fun it also has good graphics for what it is,1
brenna spaulding : love this game perfect for if you have time you want to pass faster,1
fox_trotamus : super satisfying when your playing well good for relaxing,1
sherri kearney : lovely game,1
muhammed shan :48 : super graphics and amazing game it's music is amazing superr i love this game,1
sd perrin : it just has a relaxing experience that you can't get on other games.,1
tanatsa mudimu : good graphics and easy controls,1
the strange light bulb : great visuals. very relaxing.,1
jared skinner : fun,1
dark gamer : great graphics great music's,1
somu shaw : mind relaxing game and it is very peaceful.,1
srinivas reddy : good game but please make the wing suit work it was not working at all,0
akhilesh appu mj : classic system with smooth music and artwork,1
james coram : fun to play,1
samar abd el-salam : i love the game but now it crashes and not working,1
limeal gant : this game is so creative. missed the opening intro tho,1
abhishek dey : 'wonderful' can be defined seeing the game's scenary.,1
adarsh gurjar : such a boring game,1
julianna pochatko : so chill and fun,1
cassi morris : my favorite game by far! even tho it's very simple,1
gamingdisclosure : really good and pleasing just tru to make the stunt faster,1
kevin pierson : i loved it and thought of buying the app but it stopped jumping all my other games work fine,1
owen christensen : absolutely fantastic. every time i play this game it never fails to entertain.,1
jessie trinidad : alto's adventure is a fun gane to play it's not challenging but it's fun to play,1
mohammad abdullah : this is the best adventure game on play store... i love it.,1
a google user : its a virus game .. my phone show this .. don't download it can use your phone's data remotely without permission,0
mohamad hafezi : relaxing experience. good gameplay. amazing flow.,1
arindam kumar : the ambience is very soothing to the eye. great job!,1
ladislao caniedo : sometimes has a problem on click to jump,1
ferenc deregi : very chill game. love the graphics a lot.,1
derreck manley : it is almost like the game has a secret message telling you always get back up,1
harry : don't like the ads but everything else is great.,1
isaac santos : just like alto's odyssey; way too many ads.,0
urufi suimin : great game! really cute and fun when you are bored.,1
javed hussain : nice game,1
hailelatifah botha : wow what a game i like it graphics are good it's perfect,1
franz samson : scenery is amazing,1
pharoah - : it's so beautiful to play,1
ait meijin : nice game to kill some time. beautiful scenery.,1
homiesexual : good game,1
okutu anthony : soul lifting songs and a wonderful game. love it...,1
trisha mamerow : pretty boring tbh,1
wunschtraum : love it. really,1
dhara singh : best game ever the best thing lies in its simplicity. loved the game.,1
kenny mann : the music and the gameplay is a combination of awesomeness,1
sandeep kumar shaw : really great game but a lot of ads,1
kumari pooja : i love this game too much ,1
meherpriya mistry : it's a kind of a meditation,1
morondabeam gaming : this game is one of the best games that i've ever played,1
ibrah chande : best games ,1
malachi sanchez : this game has gotten me through some things,1
sarika bisht : the game is awesome and music is beautiful motivation music awesome,1
anand kumar : this game is fantastic and the music is also so pleasant. nice game,1
thomas ang : its really good and the graphics are awesome,1
joel camins : meh. it's ok. i liked the description and some reviews,1
n r adil : it is a nice action game.cool graphics.nice control.,1
jc goliath balenton : it is so cool..its better if u put some chilling music "24kgolden the top",1
jollycollins senyonjo : this is my favorite game alto i do install it when ever on each phone great experience,0
naseema kabeer : wow....extremely awzm...so relaxing ..and music was just too gud ..,1
random._. muffin : it's a great game,1
brtualjazzy : best gameplay ever you can get on phone for sure.,1
labib rafat : wow what a game what a concept very amazing but the thing is i dont see any full moon there now why is that i know the nights are dark but some nights are brighter lighter too you know i am only giving this a 5 star because guys belive this game has done a great deal to me and no.matter what the prblm is i know you'll figure it out,1
z : it's actually pretty calming! i really love this game,1
praneel sharma : very peaceful and relaxing game for messed up mind!,1
kanyon anderson : my dad has this i loved it now i have it great for all ages make sure to check out the second one.,1
rainesest2005 _ : this game is phenomenal,1
abhiram m s : its a different experience.a simple but great game experience.,1
ramazzo xenson : i think you should add more chases in the game to make it more exciting,1
veronica rodriguez : great game although it has some not to serious glitches any ways great game,1
esha javed : it's simple easy and fun to play,1
vikram hastak : just switch off the internet while playing this,1
project ivy : it's a really good game you should get it and rate it so other people get a chance to play it,1
vignesh v : i love this game because of the soothing environment and music,1
shweta thakur : perfectly mind soothing game.. definitely addictive.. wonderful challenges,1
ar yeamin : this game make me relax ..and one finger cortrol make it so easy to play..ghaphics are so soft .. i love this game very much,1
manju sabari : great game relaxing music and zen mode is awesome,1
amber larkins : i love this game its very fun and intertaining plus you can past time faster,1
omkar jadhav : great concept i love this game for timepass and for stressless life,1
geethanjali pushpanathan : simple and perfect extraordinary graphic,1
steve soo : i can't put into words how good this game is - all i can do is regret i didn't play it earlier.,1
anthony : i love that game is so relaxing and good i really like this for play later my long and tired day,1
ambreen aamir : i just downled it for the zen mode because i love this mode.any way i love this game very much,1
zainb tanveer : very nice but some words has tough meanings which understand very difficultly,1
michelle delaney : graphics are amazing but i don't like the concept of the game,1
ahsan z : this game is awesome and its sound effects are epic i really enjoy playing this game.good work,1
dustin eidrin balbastro : amazing game....very relaxing....controls are easy,1
ashley joy laberinto : my only concern here is when it is already evening and you can't notice those rocks ahead cuz there were no lights hahahahaha but anyway i love this game!,1
md. shakhawat hossain : this game is just awesome! i love it. it is my companion when i am bored.,1
stella eranga : i like the game,1
apdo samy : the game is awesome and very relaxing i want to send love for the creators,1
balaji amutha : this is the best game i played i like the graphics and sound this is a great relaxing game,1
ayodeji ogundeyi : it's relaxing and fun in a single package. i love it.,1
kiki first 82 : very calming and soft lyrics always enjoyed playing,0
cuong ngo : please fix the crash bug on both alto games,1
saravanan maheswari : really a great game my child hood game awesome! love it!,1
tongti aier : good but some times it stucks at same position freeze but the game is nice,1
obaid khan : oh man i just love this game,1
salma farah : relaxing and calming game,1
ilse verster : great graphcs and over al a good game i recomwnd playing it for everyone,1
james piedad : a great game to play very pretty like no ads in it,1
cody beck : dumb. background gets so dark you cant see and the game itself has no point to it.,1
diimy 2 : yes the game is good and all... but if i uninstall and install it again i lost all of my proggress,1
bonnie hickman : relaxing yet challenging! very fun!!,1
sandeep kundar : all time favourite game..it has unique background music,1
aayush sahu : zen mode is good but shows inappropriate ads...,1
the coding sparklers : it's a nice game but boaring..nice graphics.,1
surriya : just amazing. it's never gonna lose its players.,1
simon clarke : the games good but not enough trick variation.,1
rick ghosal : i love this game.really a good gameplay that reminds my childhood days.,1
siva sakthivel : this is the best game for stress relief and also addictive.well done,1
john ekama : it's really fun and interesting so,1
diana griffin : just love these graphics. fun to play.,1
jhon lloyd trinidad : beautiful game but the graphics is not satisfying please improved this game,1
bibi beepbeep : there are not a lot of ads. i rarely get them at all,0
parblo byrne : it is much good take my word for it,1
donmar acebes : good game nice graphics and nice sound,1
chris nate : it an awesome game! great game to pass time.,1
loaf of lumps : never installed it but it's decent it just randomly appeared on my phone though.,1
naivedya sunaniya : very relaxing gameplay and loved the music,1
games fort : relaxing game and good mechanics and runs soomthly. i like it so much,1
jayden lawrence : 1.i like the game i love the music the music is so calming i could listen to it all day and night,1
elijah thagana : amazing for relaxation and de-stressing,1
elijah jonah : i've already finished this but still like to play it it's fun and relaxing.,1
a google user : i like this game background music this music is awesome. this game is so relaxing .......this game is great.............my favorite game alto,1
a google user : i love the graphics as well as the game play i give you five stars for that,1
a google user : this game was soooo fun it make you free your mind and enjoy peacefulness of the game so does alto's odyssey,1
ibrahim rehan : wow love this game soooooo much in alto adventure you can also have a photo impressive,1
nathaniel cyle cauan : it's fun and the music on zen mode is nice,1
ko htet : it's nice game but the things in the work shop are not enough for fun.i mean that you must add more things in next uptaded.wouldn't you?,1
rayhan raju : the gamimg quality is good simple and intersting,1
aria king : it's amazing no problem fantastic graphic nice i suggest you download it,1
faltu vines : good game with soft sound and every think of this game is just osam i can't explan u go and try this outstanding game love it,1
vicente pena : beautiful game. it is so much fun to play and is very relaxing.,1
arnav sundararaman : smooth graphics and relaxing to play,1
dan demannio : great fun. download and play it already its fantastic!,1
moe gyi : us good game,1
shreyas r : i've specifically come to review this amazing game!! it is so soothing..thank you for this :),1
arundhati kar : it is a very peaceful and nice game,1
biswajeet pradhan : its zen mode when played the game sound gives relax to mind,1
sneheth adepu : ads ads ads! ads everywhere! it's not in-game ads. it's rather in-ads game!,0
saksham agarwal : guys please try to bring 1 more mode like there is zen mode okk fast then it will be best okk plz try to bring,1
maroua dahman : really relaxing game i play it in the darkest moment of my life .. it's useful,1
alaguvelan alaguvelan : a wonderful game,1
vex : i love this game it is really good and i love taking photos in the game,1
laural hill : new update seems way less stable,1
markus lemerise : the chasms are too wide but otherwise very good,1
erfan shamsaddin : forcing the ads on the player after every lap... typical.,0
a google user : simple to play and endless fun.,1
hemant sharma : ones i was in train and download this game,1
hunty 398 : this game and animation stye is awesome!!!!!!,1
mohanad xd : beautiful game. the colors in tha game amzing . but i hope add a a arabic langoage,1
shivam soni : this game is awesome. its soundtrack will take you to the another world,1
kurt aldrin doguitom : just turn off your connection done no ads any ways add some cool music,1
ilham arfian : disturbing adds,1
31 witches : fun like it a lot. just don't have the space for it anymore.,1
- blonde bee - : just luv it soo much cant stop playin it i love it!,1
tanjirophare : really good game the graphics are beautiful so relaxing,1
kl arun ff : good game but should add some more biomes and monsters,1
josh comley : this is a very relaxing,1
velkarthick a : nice game. but lot of ads,1
michael m : it's a nice calming game to play and isn't too intrusive.,1
athirah nawawi : best offline game and its just a masterpiece,1
ben josef cerillo : good graphics and relaxing music,1
dillon : this is the most beautiful game that i've come back 5 years later to play it,1
wole : songs makes me sleepy ...but nice gameplay and graphics,1
derpy derp : honestly i had this game previously and had absolutely nothing to complain about. it's one of the best if not the best relaxation games ever,1
ajul b. jual : it was a great game ever made. i enjoying play the game it have a beautiful mountain.,1
fardin ashraq : best game inthe world,1
jj ss : i love this game. its really amazing and relaxing. it just cools me down...just....awesome,1
shivashis pradhan : time passing ...and fun to play ...i love it,1
neelam singh : alto odessey is better than alto adventure. but this is also good.,1
akash deep das : funtaastic game. and the bg music is awesome. thanks for making this game. try this it's the best game.,1
shree : 100 stars rating. the best relaxing game i have ever seen. thankyou who develop the game.,1
samuel lindberg : one of my best time killers and it is super fun to play.,1
lenny davis : ads are so intrusive and constant,1
becky roe : this game is fun to play and satisfying. very relaxing.,1
swayam siddha mahapatra : it's a time killer game. i prefer playing tiis game during quarantine,1
duce 47 : this game is so good that i felt like i'm in the heaven when i played it's zen mode.... thank you alto,1
soumen basak : the graphics is outstanding and game is awesome,1
h46_ajin siva : good game but lots of unskippable ads.,1
siddharth jain : ideal game for your smartphone. a must have!,1
arta beigi : the game is very,1
raeez rahim : just feel the music zen mode.... awesome game...awesome music.,1
asanda ngwane : needs better graphics and properly more boards i guess,1
andrew chaleko : music and art is amazing the rest is just not good,1
future world : it's a great game ,1
sanjay g : super game so colour full and good feel for music,1
the noobgamer708 minecraft forever : i love it its very relaxing game and probably no ads,1
qudret bal : one of those games that you keep coming back to even after years,1
hans truumaa : fun relaxing and beautiful,1
nuno mateus : too many ads. i've uninstall it. bye bye,0
tiger tech : this game is for chilling but yeah the same map the same game mods everything is same but it's good for chilling,1
a google user : it is an awesome game. the background music is really amazing,1
mj santos : the insttuction was all nonsens it will say tap and hold to back flip and ofcource i do what it says and nothing happens,1
discord ezra : i seriously love this game specially because of the relaxing and beautiful background,1
dream on : please add mini games too and more characters pleasee.,1
goddess jones : i really loved it it's very simple but so relaxing so beautiful,1
mrp1 gamer : best android game i've played. and i have played a lot of android games.,1
putra hidayah : a beautiful game and artwork,1
dominic harrington : really liked this game. definitely one of the best games on the play store.,1
ralph natulan : great time waster,1
asgar ali : best adventure game everyone please download it,1
boris mauricio noa huanca : the best zen game. beautiful. well optimized. 10/10,1
amrin alert : it is a really dun i love its nice cool music and its very relaxing,1
aaron hanna : great offline endless runner with beautiful art!,1
zahidul alam : anything from noodlecake is a treat for me. alto's adventure is no exception to that.,1
brian ajax wintor : pretty good,1
amey thombare : i feel it more satisfying it is best game with beautiful sound and quality,1
emanuel gonzalez : made a deal with epic games,1
trinabh chauhan : very relaxing sound and very good gameplay well-done,1
five nights killer : lovely game and zen mode is great you people have made a fantastic game,1
nick p : amazing! feel so peaceful with music scene play. ..,1
anthony allen : relaxing fun game to play especially if you like to snow board..,1
clyde baltazar : simple and beautiful at the same time. i love it!!!,1
md miraj. 24 shorts : this is my one of the favrte gme of adventure nd i give the 5 star becoz it's really so cool,1
e r : very fun game with very few ads,1
atharv patil : incredible game...i like it very much....its amazing game...i played this game about 2 years...its very nice game...maa ki chut,1
ze albino fox : it is a simple game,1
ashley stone : i love the graphics annd it's a nice game! yay!,1
olav do rosario : its a pretty good game. it's excellent to pass time.,1
rohit rathod : awesome game love the vibe of art ,1
a google user : i love this game graphics it is beautiful and super runner alto go and catch the llamas,1
rohit verma : best game of my life. especially the zen mode,1
a google user : i love this game ,1
rounav mandal : best game i ever played music is so soothing and satisfactory.,1
mohd firdaus idris : game crashing as soon as i start to play..,1
simple one : best game i have ever played..i am hoping another version of alto game after odyssey,1
ntando sandile : editors choice???? really? why!!!? ok,1
kookie v : nice graphics,1
nirmala devi : best as played,1
marvel fans : feel the music like that it was very pleasent to hear,1
kratos gaming : addictive,1
hari patil : fantastic time spending game,1
vinakoti srinivasarao : nice game,1
kb miller : awesome game no two was even better thank you for making a great game and me being able to have fun,1
mariyam shaheeda : very amazing and cool but can you add more charakters,1
megha panchbudhe : it is a very relaxing game. it gives a soothing experience,1
aniket yewale : perfect game and its graphics ...!!!,1
ayush kumar : most satisfying and chilling game ever...when i feel uncomfertable,1
muyiwa olamide : the zen mode is just absolutely beautiful,1
aziz amami : relaxing,1
radan djordjevic : love this game,1
abhimanyu raut : very soothing music. love the zin mode,1
suryapreet dhiman : great game to relax and chill infinite long run,1
arvind kumar : i like this graphic design and sound is very crazy,1
a google user : love the game it so simplistic that it is good love the game gameplay is good love the sond track,1
prakatheesh p : graphics and sound effects was peaceful,1
a google user : its a great app love playing this game and letting my kids play all the time,1
kristian : relaxing,1
docean thunderstorm : fun game,1
rhino fernandez : awesome cool and fun game i used to play it when i was five still awesome never take down the game,1
julie cooney : very pretty,1
oscar brown : very calming,1
k sinclair : i thought this was a puzzle game but its not at all..,0
lemonadecg 3d models : nice game,1
nadine clayton : it's fun with the lames and all the people i i think they could make one in a jungle maybe,1
chief rath : ads are so noisy and sucks,0
sol the gardener : it's not relaxing,1
pixie dummy : it's totally fun to play and also very mind-blowing,1
puroo roy : simple to control,1
datomezz : the longest ads in the world.,1
lazar miladinovic : rocks are so hard to avoid. they luck like back environment.,1
rahilul islam : the background music,1
lone senpai : odyessy is an impeccable sequal of this masterpiece right here,1
hiba mannan : it's a great game and the animation is stunning !,1
kusum lekhwani : worst game of surfing,1
a google user : nice skiing type game with good controls.,1
krish : loved the game and music is so soothing.,1
agmk satyanveshak : already played it now playing odyssey. its landscape i love it.,1
christian ashish : camera is very zoomed thats y we dont able to know what is comming,1
paul allen cauguiran : beautiful game! love the soundtrack!,1
musfiqu allam : it is a good game because of this game we can control our fingers easily,1
hrithvik raj : good game but the hero and obstcle seems too small while i am playing,1
bis mandal : a visual treat to the adventurous in mind.,1
soul of pilot : exept paz this game is awsome. the only one is just useless player hdhsgshd. i love this game.,1
sharon selvan : i the game but when it gets dark we can't see anything clearly.,1
a google user : fun but you need alot of consentration this one of the best games i haved ever played.,1
stem e_ chandelyra alvarez : all goods its fun but i dont notice rocks,1
chanda t : it was fun,1
george o'halloran : really nice game with a great soundtrack.,1
rajesh singh : its really an amazing game which gives a special kind of satisfaction while playing,1
tamasa chatterjee : a very good game. it just took me out of the stress of the exam thank you.,1
colin garman : very good it is a fun time waster with basically no adds,1
shubhopriyo basu : serene,1
tyler knightknight : i like this game a lot because it reminds me of the winter in a good way.,1
quick siege : anyone here from being at a verizon store using the iphones this game is beautiful tho and a good time consumer,1
tinamyte : it's great,1
sheeja joseph : really good stress relief. calming game.,1
subhankar laskar : good graphics this game is so relaxing... i loved it soo much,1
sushil katikia : amazing game. i think it should be rated 8/5.,1
yogesh : really a nice game.i really like it so much and i reccomend everyone to play this 2d game if you are bored of other games,1
shajal basnet : best game and graphic are in top nocth i really liked the switness and provides a relaxation in mind good job noodlecake,1
steve wilson : dark mode is too dark. otherwise fun.,1
bradzz gaming : it is awesome i like it and i have an idea for one of my videos,1
coochie man amung us : i took away my progress pls fix it i was in level 26 and it was lost,0
pierre corvellec : in game purchases without any value to the game whatsoever.,1
piyush suthar : love the animation and music!!!,1
john peterson : this is a good game but i ant no good with it but i give it 5 stars regardless,1
natu han : fun game. nice graphics,1
ta mere la pute : controls are trash. not worth.,1
fanda martin : nice game but it's really copying ski safari,1
michael herold : i have a few other games but this is my favorite. simple and fun,1
manish ff : must add online multiplayer feature,1
bigcee : pretty good but can be frustrating,1
mainak sarkar : i really love the soundtracks.,1
shavaughn gould : i love this game amazingly beautiful love the graphics,1
raj kumar : most fantastic game in the world very good skills,1
syed rosedar athiya : it's most amazing,1
zenstrow kurosaki : this is the easiest game i ever saw! this is the best calming game to remember!!,1
mohammad parvez khan : i don't like this background music..altos desert music is like relieving,1
moon bhai : ski safari 2 is wayyyy better. try that its just feels like a ripoff tbh,1
banana boat charlie : beautiful artwork and music!,1
mehdee : great graphics and sound,1
sprinkles the dutch angel dragon : this game is amazing the art is so cool and it's overall amazing,1
tanmoy bhadra : nice game...nice controls..background is just awesome...,1
areeb hussain : alto game is very good we love tis game and very cute game. its music allowance is good we give five star anf i love this game i interested game gonna we play,1
bright ming : love the graphics. the music so relaxing,1
mae ann suaybaguio ababat : i like this game. the sounds and effects its was fun!,1
kiki limz : too much ad but still best arcade games,1
nova chan : if you're looking for a game that's calming and relaxing this game is definitely for you!,1
jegadeshwaran sakthivel : best relaxing game i like music and graphics very much,1
lesieur : music is good,1
zeenat khan : very beautiful graphics and very awesome game,1
haikal : this game is awesome but can you remove siren head and a light head? thats make me uncomfrontable,1
chandupa anjana : this is the best. i love this game . i love the music . please make more games like this,1
veeralakshmi venkat : you can't describe this game in words. but numbers can.10/10,1
pushkar chandra misra : nice game,1
firass zeiny : very good game and relaxing to play,1
sanal @iwaresolutions.net : good game with astonishing experience filled with calmness.loved the game....,1
makinde abdur-rasheed : could you please help us by removing those rocks,1
alex max : i love this game it so peace full and fun it got adventure .,1
**antariksh dewri** : it is so good game from it's category . and i love this game because it have so many theme s like real,1
fawzy nahwi : just amazing .. i can spend all night in free roam listening,1
a google user : great relaxing game just boulders hard to see at night,1
potato tactics : great game,1
mabberly 176 : it's good it's just the elders where way to fast,1
hamed kakavand : it's good game. but soo easy. i finished that in less than 2 week.,1
anup sinha : oh my god butefull butefull super game i wanted to say u all its a butefull butefull and hmmm what was that? ya it's a really butefull butefull game with ultra modem grafik please play this game,1
petrik svetrik : laggy af because of the ads loading in the background,1
orange man : this game helps me relaxed. if i'm ever stressed,1
neve mcdevitt : absolute banger - free on android 7 !!! on apple,1
aneesh c : the graphics and background song all is super and i loved it,1
khalil abuayyash : this is genius the best game ever i am addictive to it its music is incredible,1
linda bork : beautiful,1
shaun frost : pretty good game ,1
charan srinivasan : liked the graphics more than the game.,1
richard : fun. good time waster. did get old eventually.,1
abram hansen : ads make it so that it feels watch to win,0
m g : characters should be larger and recoganisable,1
made in heaven : keeps crashing on the title screen,1
bbibbi : i love this game,1
cayleigh-grace kehoe : awesome relaxing game for offline and online use,1
sankirtan ananda das : need more correction in this gane... graphically good...,1
a k creation : no words to say its amazing a game that should really want to play for any agers for a relax mind,1
zpua : best game for relaxation and entertainment... world needs more such creations,1
jonas reasoner : it's super great for relaxation,1
boss : game crashes every time i want to connect google play.,1
tatyana divino : this app has good graphics and it is a lot of adventure,1
harikrishna kayitha : i like this game the most. before playing this game i've no interest on game. but after completing this game i have waited for continuation of this game. wonderful game,1
tristan french : i was like guuuuuunnnuuuuugh when it loaded . i had a great time! :),1
elijah mccrone : very relaxing game with good challenges,1
ed steele : really basic...only for little kids,1
evan jensen : game will not start,1
levi : it's a fun game. good graphics. it's pretty fun.,1
tapamoy chakraborty : best ambient game ever with beautiful background music!,1
jenine van 't wout : stunningly beautiful game. you simply don't get tired of it,1
mary grace : felt amazing,1
john wright : this game is great for when you are boared. it alwase distracts me from reality,1
pikaness kewal : great game i liked the idea of zen mode.,1
prakash pharde : excellent sound quality.. very satisfying,1
matt goddard : just a rip off of ski safari games with forced ads.,1
the lembeater : love the game awesome graphics lovely music great background i honestly love this game,1
ernesto bornales iii : relaxing game and wonderful soundtrack.,1
anything for a thousand vewis : the rocks are so small and hard to see,1
syam lal : great game to spend your time... the bgm is the killer feature here..,1
tomal paul : a best thing about the game is that ..it provides relaxing musics,1
tophatjac : calming music simple game it is really fun,1
mohammad hasibul hasan : great graphics,1
robin g : this is an awsome game that helps you relax. would highly recommend.,1
lokesh sharma : game is good but everything is paid and no upgrade chracter or skit,1
abhishek ahirrao : the ads are too annoying.,0
tanz02 : i remember playing this game since i was a 6 year old i am ten now but i still play the game i love it,1
zainuddin wiza : this game so relaxing,1
india king : beautiful graphics and very relaxing,1
ben asante : after playing this game ,1
senpai thefbi : best time killer..and comes with great sounds,1
ruben quintana : great graphics and music,1
luvolwethu nicholas : the game is 100% perfect. i can't complain well done to the developers,1
deepak ps03 : very clean and neat graphics,1
seth march : can we agree noodle cake games's games are wonderful,1
tumelo mosweu : needs more features.otherwise it runs smoothly,1
florian tischner : beautiful,1
shishir thapa : its very hard and you have to focus in front of you more,1
shofiq selim : the background music is very good in this game. just loved it.,1
felipe antonio : love it,1
sadia fairoz : am really impressed with the arts its worth it,1
aman : crashing after signing in on google play store,1
tanush chirala : awesome game,1
pn rahul : super game..... i'm addicted .... when levels go more exciting,1
lloyd cipriano : the graphics and music is so cool,1
alex rosalie : chill,1
ali ahmed patel : this game is so fun i play it 24/7 no problems with the game,1
iam nobody : omg this game is amazing!!im liking this sooo far!!everything is awsome!graphics.relaxing bgm.day and night circle.weather.i want to give more than 5 stars!!!love u noodlecake games,1
stars sky : cute premise,1
kyle barnard : fun to play love the music and the art stile,1
vishal sisodia : music is very good and a simple game,1
e'torian valentine : i love the game it is a childhood classic from 2016,1
blkivory : it's a very good game but i wanted point and click not jump and dodge,1
seema chaudhary : this game is so good it should be on console and should also be paid,1
tiru ghosh : most relaxing and awesome game,1
mohd sahil khan : best android relaxing adventure of all time in android,1
tahira perveen : this is great game i have everd played thanks for this game there is no prblm in game but please add some more music,1
sudhanshu sekhar mishra : no bug,1
tharindu nadeesha : this game is best and great graphics.,1
anurag pramanik : love the zen mode... so soothing.,1
shubh kumar : i can't loggin my i'd i at 20+ level and also unlock 2 players but i can't loggin to my gmail i'd pls help me to connect my i'd,0
shuhag miah : good graphics and good gameplay,1
shay funk : beautiful to look at,1
josh : too many rocks to enjoy zen mode.,1
a google user : alto's adventure is an awesome relaxing game ever!!!!,1
king ameer hamza : there is glitch . sometimes player doesn't jump.,0
a google user : a endless game with great graphics,1
dennis boadu : the game is awesome but it would be nice if boosters were attached to the game,1
olivia padilla : very relaxing and stress removal,1
isrrael regalado : i love the game it's enjoyable and fun to play my opinion you should download the game,1
arjun sudheesh : i had already played this game it makes me relaxing mainly because of the bgm score was extremely superb.now i am playing altos odyssey also,1
zack pickles : its decent to me that it will be possible a get a better 3rd option if you want me september or 2nd of september 3rd as i have said i would like the same for my phone call and the police had not no from the police other the my to of court police law to the police and pick me up later soon a few time u in u in out to eat your phone own your phone or on me at your convenience and to can will come can to you with the a the for the athesmatic and 6th 7th so as so so as so as more of an honour than t,0
kariim adel : this a best game ever music graphic very smoothly love it,1
jhane de la rita : amazing game! very fun and a good time killer,1
majibur rahman : when i fell sad than play this game this game sounds are peacefully . i love this game,1
olivia rosario : it is just an upgraded version of temple run.,1
sormy ahmed : addictive. graphics are awesome,1
mike rosenfield : easy controls and fun,1
justin : kinda fun but gets boring after a while,0
imran nazari : very relaxing. and nice graphic,1
manan warge : resolution issue..fix.. working fine till last update,0
brahmadath smampazhassery : hats off to the guy who composed the bg music in xen mode... idk how to describe the feel i get when i play that.,1
saswati : i love the zen mode! super relaxing!,1
smrutiranjan samal : it's a most charming and joyful game.so just dwnload and play.,1
shivangi singh : all about skateboard but the background music is relaxing,1
lisa kinsey : i love the smoothness and the calm feeling of the game,1
m harshavardhan : the music was amazing and heartwarming,1
john mohsen : too many bugs and too many things don't make sense.,0
kaushal knight : in this game,1
stephen m : really fun,1
chris bueno : good game,1
jason kuehl : crashes on launch. any updates?,1
mango boi : good graphics but u get bored of it quick,1
champion boy dgm : it great! and i've been only playing it for 5 minutes!,1
a google user : its good but there are just too many ads,0
ashmeen thapa : this game is too much fun.intresting this game graphic is good.,1
ashil afridi : the music is awesome and relaxation,1
palash jain : app is getting crashed on launch only. device - asus max pro m1,1
dilan fernando : great relaxing game with the background sound.,1
pradyumna sarmah : a beautiful piece of art,1
fin boy : very good,1
ingrid klara : a beautiful game,1
matt v : it would be okay if it didn't shove ads down your throat,1
damian ronnebeck : this game is a really good game for all the people who have been making this game just so you know it is a great game i recommend other people who have not played it yet should play it,1
supermation anime art : this game has some of the best graphics i've seen and it's really fun,1
himikotoga fanboy : amazing visuals and godly soundtrack,1
madhu bn : simple interface and soothful music,1
gunavathi surada : fanstatic gameplay best graphics and peaceful music,1
rk gp : graphics editing is very good,1
junior ok : beautiful,1
aaron gallacher : great game,1
a google user : marvellous gaming experience which i cannot tell you how i felt when i played it,1
angel quiles : a relaxing game with great scenery.,1
romario kisku : game is crashing after recent update.,1
terrance miller : i'll go on any one of alto's adventure. should've been called maya's adventure 'cuz,1
louise albert delfin : this game have a relaxing background music and awsome platform adventure,1
micheal ajin roll:28 xi a : not too competitive but good game.it is very relaxing.,1
narcisse masirika : the game is fun and addictive. i have enjoyed playing it.,1
ritesh hiteshi : this is best offline game i hv played since a very long time...,1
rupam hari : can not find level skip option,1
annonomous me : changed my phone and all my progress and purchases gone.,1
jhaanav lokesh : nice little game i wish there would be bosses you can beat,1
rock baby gamer : this game is very beautiful my channel rock baby gamer please subscribe thanks,1
che niba : great game and graphics loved the thrilling adventures,1
mythical beast yt : its a nice game and to anyone who says ugh it has too much ads just turn of internet like r u dumb?,0
a google user : nice and perfect game. but i think you should do this game eazyer to get other sceamer,1
wild wounders : really fun and a peaceful game when you have nothing to do,1
daniel adah : best game ever,1
red dawn : it is an absolutely amazing game and is so beautiful game and i love it.,1
aliaxe aariaxe : looks best view when flip over the top of hill...,1
karen thibodeau : love the backgrounds... sooooo.. mystical. i could get high playing this game. haha,1
a google user : not a boring game but waste time for downloading,0
tiyash : good graphic and great optimization,1
abhishek das : very good games but still more adventurous are missing,1
mehrez chouik : loved it required one more song but the displayed one is perfect,1
romeo kadenge : the game have a good geographic and it's not tiresome upload it,1
betthan u : wow i love this game i,1
rosa itzel fuentes : amaizing and minimalist style.,1
formestaken : amazing graphics 10/10 game!,1
techeager vlogs : just wow ,1
nuki phonics : it so calming it sounds like your traveling it make my body so calming it fun tho,0
wolfpack duncan : good game especialy if you turn wifi off meaning no ads,1
bakra two : nothing to say truly awesome graphis in low size games,1
gurucharan chundi : when paz is unlocked ....when i tap the screen the avatar isn't jumping.please fix this !,0
cyrille kueny : beautiful graphics and fluid gameplay,1
rahul kerani : awesome game good graphic good control ,1
stuart cartwright : great game,1
ilyos egamberdiev : the best music,1
md. zafor ali : i love it it's worth playing especially in zen mode,1
deepa joshi : best endless game i have ever played . the music super cool,1
nick gowans : awesome game buy sooooooo many insufferably long ads.,0
train man : very relaxing and peaceful game,1
adeel ahmad : the tvnhvisvwhyv gavevit 4 starts is tha wgen you buy respawn from video or coins and ig their you die that time i deleed it but a good famr very high gr aphics reccomend you this game,1
sachinandan prasad : best offline game of all time.. :),1
dalton shonfelt : will not work at all. super laggy and crashes,0
anish kujur : the background music is so damn good!,1
a google user : i like this game because of its smooth play and it makes a gamer experience good toward this game,1
john o'toole : good game,1
suriya .j : one of the best running mode game in play store,1
minewit : amazing! it was beautiful and a nice experience,1
kurt malit : i love the graphics and the sound is relaxing,1
asher jee : great game would have been five star if u had not added ads,0
chloe's big world : so relaxing and fun!!! it's definitly in my top 20!,1
avay choudhury : please add multiple mods and try to add bluetooth multiplayer mode,1
rip woot : i recommended its peaceful graphics are amazing and calming,1
alberto : this game is really cool and i love how they backflips.,1
gayan weerasinghe : it's super cool... when i'm playing this i feel i'm in desert... really good,1
archang3l7 : very relaxing and stress busting game,1
alexnohemi dominguez : this game is so fun and i just love the zen mode,1
prasoon deva : loved the graphics and the music,1
kashmala rab : slide experience.. bt many more fastest working for the app,1
shammah shareef : this could be the best game in play store . i enjoyed every moment of this game . i love it,1
sanjeet kumar : it is really good and best adventure game,1
shan shajan : smoothest control and graphics,1
zahid rana : no words to say.. it's awesome ,1
l carnage : you can chill and surf the powder or go hard and get the points and upgrade. i like this game.,1
alex amoako : a meh sequal.. the game is okay,1
binny bin schell : i used to play this game win i was a kid it was so fun,1
syahmi02 norman : nice graphic...good landscape and more,1
sheetal gupta : nice game for the scenery and beautiful experience while playing this game,1
bagus budi : great gameplay,1
deadly savage : did someone not get the moto? mobile games are not supposed to be this good!,1
cedric parker : too many ads.,0
krish yadav : nice game but graphics avery simple no hilight,1
remondobriya rd : game good but make premium,1
anthony martinez : great game it is not hard to control.,1
tusrin tasbika : easy and mind relaxing,1
lilpop fresh : really smooth and i have no problems,1
tim hori : really fun for 10 min. then same old same old.,1
lynn hawkins : zen mode is really good for adhd and anger.,1
pradnyesh mate : i love the team behind it is there any way i can donate to the team,1
boudhamani thiyam : i love dost game is beautiful and essy to play alto's is a grateful game,1
asaduzzaman : great canadian features!!,1
jane cute mc : so relaxing game like a dream game i really like it so good app ever this game it makes me happy,1
mina nematollahi : perfect and relaxing,1
zeinab esmaili : it doesnt match with 120hz display,1
margarita : great game really fun ,1
naveed parkar : wow,1
mukisa donnah : really nice ,1
thcor kabwe : dropping down the slopes....i imagine how my first time will be when i get to ski in the pure white dust from the sky's,1
maggie swartbooi : the game is fun and extremely relaxing,1
axesolated : this game is amazing non the doubt i had no issues with it for now,1
aridj kias : it's so fun and relaxing i love it,1
himpreet singh bhalla : best experience i ever had with any game . .,1
ulfat zahoor : awesome graphics.best game ever,1
donald xyl : this game is relexing play it when you r bout to sleep..,1
dodje this : love it this game is awesome thanks whoever made this masterpiece : ),1
pheonixteardrop : the hundreds of screenshots i have taken shows how much this game means to me if you haven't installed the game please do-,1
subaraj harichandran : excellent gameplay and amazing music,1
noah brown : awesome music and gameplay,1
xander frounfelker : love this game. it's so peaceful and fun.,1
james : beautifully polished and fun!,1
muhd al fahim : it so fun but anyway put some ahh just like bird,1
serene wind : great relaxing used to be better lots of adds now,1
gavin fehrenbacker : it was fun and calm. i engoyed it.,1
kaden didone : simple easy relaxing game 5 stars,1
irfan khan : i play this game 3 years and this game music wonderful and music touch my,1
sarah houshyar : i dont know how to use scarf,1
ranjit amitav rodin : no 1 waste game,1
ayikoru melissa : i looove it beautiful graphics n also challenging it's fun,1
jon marc ostrom : i mean it's ok but the part that i like the most is when you get chased,0
dumk graffiti : very peaceful,1
jessica : its so relaxing and tge perfect stress remover,1
appearance_ : great game,1
vinit : very good for dealing with stress... peace,1
amaan s : very good and peaceful game. it feels very calm after playing this game.,1
kabilar g : ok but stage wise continue running feature missing,1
rococo puffs : very addictive. calming and aesthetic.,1
demonitized x : this game is relaxing and the back round sceenery is so amazing,1
hyekal 04 : good graphics and good music,1
richard brackin : unplayable with the ads,1
jhon vent : is good for a little bit but i find it gets boring after a while.,1
alan robertson : too many video ads.,0
idk : it's beautiful. absolutly stunning :-),1
john mcconnel : its fun,1
riyo kozo : actually its awesome game and exactly the sounds and night mode,1
padmnabham vasudev : very calm game and very good graphics,1
helio rider : my childhood has this game.... want more to say but,1
hemavathi lokesh : wow super but it's just like plz improve some graphics,1
mrinal : this game is so calming. i freaking love this game one of the best game i've played,1
noob 1 : this game has soul,1
francis alexander : great game love the graphics.,1
avinash kumar : too much advertisement.,1
arpita chakraborty : game controls aren't working,1
savio francis : great mood the game makes us feel adventurous and traps us in the mountain world,1
rohit massey : this game is not just a game,1
naruto uzumaki : alto's adventure is the best game i ever played and relaxing too,1
raga sree : graphic is good and music,1
siddhesh cars : regards good graphics and a very nice and the best game i played,1
david martin : great game! addicting. see it on 24 hour conan o'brien gaming stream.,1
arka dutta : only if it the screenlight did not turn off if not touched,0
tony d : awesome,1
deepanshu vishwakarma : good experience nice and beautiful graphics,1
aniket more : i had played this game for 3 days continously and it's all maxed out but game is very good,1
nathan xyrus : god this game is absolutely the worst game on earth you cant even see the rocks when you are too fast,0
papia das : this game is far more better than many satisfying videos in youtube,1
aven b : kind of repetitive but still fun,1
jaz ricard : hopefully there will be another update that will fix the latest update.,0
glennz fort tuazon : i like the graphics so fun to play.,1
a google user : this game is amazing it is so beautiful please make another game just like this that would make my day .stay safe developer,1
kowsik prasanth p : truly a game to bust the stress.,1
smoke : its amazing to play in we are bored or ever realy amazing,1
kristina lopez : not that fun. great graphic tho.,1
lakshmi : super but i can't download alto's odissya and i can't update this also,1
rosemarie keen : dude best game you can just wind down and just relax,1
vinoth kumar : the great entertainment game forever for boredom times,1
marcel baszcynski : great music great gameplay classic overall great game,1
aditya narayan shukla : addictive,1
ethel greenwood : its repetitive but the mechanics are fine,1
andrew taylor : one star for the obnoxious full screen ads,0
himansu barik : this game has the most relaxing graphics,1
aman jha : graphics are very good,1
amanuel melese : its good game best sketing i love the place & whether.,1
geoff adams : no longer able to access "zen" mode. has it been removed from the game?,1
a google user : cool game,1
maheswari a : the best game from playstore. i love the zen mode,1
fatima gattwinkel : amazing relaxing game but also challenging,1
paul wright : this is a beautiful game with a lovely sense of motion.,1
hanna davis : i love this gamethe visual graphic is amazing,1
ranodeep sarkar : just amazing and challenging.,1
deadlyrawzz : the endless mode is just too amazing!,1
kris p : very relaxing and smooth game.,1
croissant : the game is great but with some flaws,1
shivam maurya : better if level proceed while playing...,1
hungry cricket : very good but the sensitivity was very awkward.,1
finn .p : very relaxing game with no pop up adds,1
zachary steele : nice sounding background music.,1
poonam shrivastava : very nice and what se ge for kids and i also play this it's a very very very graceful game,1
husnaine 001 : good game but need to update with the features,1
atom trailers : wow! one of the most relaxing games i've ever played. you also just give it a try.,1
ajay : it's not working,1
harsha shyam : if u have anything bothering u,1
rahul deb : this is the best way to release stress and to make your brain calm,1
micaela : it's funn i also played it even when iam a child..,1
nandan r barade : amazing game,1
yossofo : such a fun and great game would buy it if it was purchaseable,1
british imperial : it alright but music gets repetitive,1
george taylor : incredible game. relaxing and so much fun to play.,1
hoodsii : i played this since jan 10 2018 oooh i miss this. keep it up,1
jay kalingan : pls remove godamn ads overall the game is awesome,1
the ryman : ruined by advertising. unplayable.,1
abby b : this gams is very cool. but itry to get it and wont work,1
alex belone : very addicting! im always trying to beat my high score!,1
preston duncan : finally,1
ajacacket : it's so aesthetically pleasing and it calms my nerves,1
kareemali gaines : aggro alto's adventure pretty neat scarf length are twice as long great scheme liked alot wouldn't give him for da world maya my 1st additive she's also very farout like surfs up peaceout alto and maya see you soon,0
harsh singh : phenomenal game. this game is a "work of art",1
lone wolf : game is too slow need to boost up lot more,0
guardian peace keeper : best game to relax,1
ali mohamed : one of the most simple and beautiful games,1
a google user : it's a great game to pass our time.. enjoying it a lot,1
nimawai aurora : it is a very relaxing game and it is of line it's the best,1
pravashchandra pradhan : nice back ground and brand graphics,1
sanjeet kachhap : superb game graphic is not so googd but it is fine,1
natalie kent : this game is pretty fun and the art is amazing,1
yohannes g-egziabher : simply great game. many thanks for the developers.,1
jovian lobo : a fabulous 5 star creation a big joy to enjoyment brilliant excellent creation. thank you,1
yesn't : lovely game for just calming down. recommended.,1
sachin mahor : this is the excellent game. it is good game for time pass.,1
thulani masango : great super game and nice meditation music,1
sukumar barai : good,1
i dont hack : mountain village,1
a google user : the game wont let me in and it keep turing off plz fix it,1
kaylay stawart : really fun game and you can play without wifi,1
ari montes : this game i recommend for people now go want a calming nice paced adventure.,1
nongmaithem borish singh : best game with awesome music that will relax,1
shearfull : absolutely amazing and relaxing and entertaining 10/10 would recommend,1
girish : pleasent graphics but need to improve gameplay,1
evan thumboo : one of the best and most relaxing games ever!,1
jacob skarda : beautiful game. incredible soundtrack.,1
pranta biswas : one of the best arcade games i ever played.just love it,1
muhammed haif : i don't know too much about this game but i have played with my cousins i really liked this game i came to download in my phone. everyone just play it u will like this game,1
red smoke0 : so i played this game for 3 years and i still love it. i wanna redownload it because i have the new one,1
nadeem bhat : it gives real feeling because of sound,1
gaston lopez oneto : alto 1 and 2 are the best games i ever played in android,1
a google user : beautiful game. 10/10,1
gandhi raki : one-and-only best relaxation gameever available playstore. let's go and download named alto's adventure,1
gokul roy : its very realaxing and one of the best android game that i have ever played!! i love this game,1
creamsodaguy : good game a bit hard for some but awesome game five stars,1
ladyrbug -uwu- : just addicting and fun,1
a google user : nice and clean!!! wondering play and amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
sanjivi d : very relaxing and peaceful game.,1
_thanu__ bro_ : this is a next level game i have very premium experience i can't describe that,1
liv : i love it. it calms me down when i feel depressed,1
raq mic : very good game love it only i wish it was easyer to get poeple but still a great game,1
thiyoni cisys p : good ,1
suresh ramachandran : surreal and it's very calming. not too tough for casual players like me,0
sachin kumar : nice game but we can not play with our friends and all are good,1
a google user : i love this so much...i love the rain the thunder and everything about it...you need to download this game,1
sarah torelli : it was very challenging but fun,1
utkarsh rastogi : anyways the alto in your game's logo is not correct...flip it.,1
vidya suryawanshi : well the two games should be inter connected if boath are downloaded...,1
bharathi balu : love the graphics!,1
dana glass : bombards you with ads even if you ask to skip the video!,0
andrew musonda : good and enjoying the graphics,1
brenden xero : really fun it fun to just play whenever,1
darx : this game is very relaxing and fun,1
m jain : very good game but worst game also because there is no multiplayer,1
kangwa songwe : amazing visuals my kids and i love this game,1
ctl.ndricim free fire : this game graphics is amazing.love this game.the natyre in this game is omg very good.,1
grace kanyama : its a fun and active game it really does not have a good effect but ist nice,1
wannes de backer : ok game,1
a google user : beautiful artwork from a professionals' fantasy. great work,1
a google user : awesome graphics awesome gameplay awesome control,1
ajmal suhaimi : love the relaxing feel and scenary!,1
silina tagagau : so interesting and also heart beating.,1
phillipvlahovic809 : the most beautiful game i have ever seen in years!!! good work!!!,1
shreyash singh : very bad and boring game pls add some satisfying things in this game,1
luis cano : i indeed love it but i wish you can buy stuff with your coins,1
satyajiy roy : best non addictive game for tine pass. no tension,1
vishnu m p : i enjoyed the game...nyz graphics and music ..,1
walter white : best positive game. so relaxing in the world of fps games.,1
andrew s : fun uninstalled because of ads,1
rudra kumar singh : sooo relaxing i love this game ...... this is the best game i have ever played and its zen mode is awesome 90000000..... stars to this game,1
rajib biswas : this is games is amazing unbelievable graphics over all very nice game,1
sourav kundu : a good relaxing game and it don't addictable,1
quentin dominguez : very relaxing and very amazing looking game!,1
jacob double : awesome game definitely worth downloading anyone can learn it and enjoy it,1
saidatt naik : it's fun in the begining but just for an hour,1
ctfu sorsogon : its great and relaxing. good for past time games,1
joel : headphones and zen mode such breezy escape!,1
victor warouw : best game to chill with.. soothing soundtrack,1
amit kumar panigrahi kumar : wow its mind refreshing...beautiful game for ever,1
mithu kutti : it is very easy and i love it's climate changing !!!,1
daniel archer : fun game,1
fathmath ibrahim : this is great. it downloads like in 1 sec!,1
magzb : awesome game love the music and sceenery.,1
aadith ajay : epic one the best good looking games ever this game is an awesome visual treat "loved it",1
sadnxd wc : its trash just kidding it wad the best game ever and way to fun,1
seth chidi : great game,1
ma msh : awesome graphics and amazing game,1
michel charles : great game,1
muhammad mateen : the best game which is addictive and easy to play,1
a m : mood ruined by constant ads,1
rose flores : such a calming game with amazing graphics,1
asyraaf danial : make new game!!! i really impressive with this game make alto premium edition,1
avinash pandey : amazing game!!!!!such a great game i play this game in my free time and it's great. top notch relaxing game,1
dr. intaajurr rahman : such a simple yet so beautiful game.,1
arnav : the best and m soothing music i've ever heard !,1
cailyn catacutan : this game is beautiful view relaxing song the most best casual game ever,1
a google user : relaxing and really beautiful,1
isha haque : very bad graphics.,1
amir sohail : good music and graphics,1
jonathan rhodes : simple. not too many adds or pay walls,0
a google user : the best mobile game ever . so relaxing to play this.,1
chandus 10 : nice game and easy to control..,1
zul naz : wow best game and great graphics,1
mandar divekar : this game is amazing i mean when you got nothing to do you can play this game for fun.,1
sage r spahr : it's kinda hard to spot the rocks,1
its vicky : best art and best musics it's so relaxes me,1
hugo espinoza diaz : fun game to play during boring times.,1
mikepopper : its fun and the backround is also very beautiful,1
priya tom and jerry : the games was download the games was youtube soon comes fist time 10rs iam download offline very good moust person play store was very download very unkown network it is very bad,0
vincent proffitt : it is a very good game one thing i dont like about it is u cant flip yourself backwards,1
crocodie icecream : this game is awesome!!!!! recommended to download and it's addicting,1
zyncify_ 2k : this game is really relaxing and satisfying to play,1
obi fortune chinamelum : hate it it doesn't install faster,1
irshad last name : day night cycle is annoying other than that everything else is good,1
josh miksa : i love the views,1
swastik basu : awesome game the backgrounds are really very beautiful. i love it,1
jayasreekarunakaran k : this is a worth full game the game quality is good and also a nice game relaxing music good game,1
deo narayan : its very relaxing game the zen mode i love it,1
krishna varshney : can't understand this game motivates and getting over it is quite a rage game by the way nice game,1
alfred antony : perfect gaming experience.... need more characters,1
toasthax lom : good music and relaxing gameplay,1
iman iman31 : this game is my best,1
ankit kulshreshtha : best in class.. dont know how aomeone can give 1* or2* to such wonderful game,1
kevin s : love this especially the zen mode!,1
sachlang debbarma : great game to spent time awosome graphic,1
chris be : fun challenging and relaxing,1
awe cezar : nice chill game. don't complicate it as other do with their games please,1
maruf hasan sun : thanks for make this game it gives me much pleasure also relaxing mind a lots of thank you developers and the community all please download it please,1
maro ikechukwu : alto's adventure huh? really cool tho. download it quickly onlookers,1
a google user : for better experience it is a good game for our own phone,1
korbyn jaiyanesh : the game is nice and the weather changes are amaizing in my opinion,1
rees 33 : very calming. if you ever need something to do this is the game,0
jonah robison : addicting and fun.,1
marco pellicciotta : lovely app,1
alpha zulu : ad. ad. ad. $3.?? / character!!!??? shagyaself buddy! cheap ass game aint worth the mb.,0
denzil warren : amazing app,1
shravani dhavalikar : awesome graphics and music...love this game,1
devi anil : amazing game great way to free out from the tention,1
george kalupahana : so relaxing and fun to play,1
prashanna rijal : missions are quiet unclear.. charms and all what are those.. clear them up somewhere atleast,1
ameer haza : amazing music and scenery,1
mia song-andrews : i love snow! noodlecade studios is the best!,1
a google user : the background and light is amazing,1
smita kulkarni : very interesting,1
evilence gaming : this game is so much better then other games . we can play this game offline.,1
ritesh singh : i am sure if you'll play this game you'll never fell bore try it ,1
potato 1 : super amamzing,1
mrinmoy mukherjee : the most beautiful game i have ever seen in my life. it's too perfect!!!,1
daniel whitman : rly hard but fun,1
ayesha parvez : which music is used as background because it's beautiful . i want that,1
rameshta vishwakarma : this game is good although it has copied the idea of ski safari,1
gerald shaw : cant see 90% of obstacles because of nighttime,1
jandre 278 : this game is very relaxing and it's a good game to play that's why i gave it a 5 star rate.,1
rupashi chakraborty : awesome game.preety smooth and i am currently playing alto's oddesy . ( i think thats the name ) bye!!!,1
a google user : great game if u like simple and funny games,1
allan musyoki : no cap . i love this game,1
blaine jacobs : best game ever . it makes us feel like it is peaceful . wow,1
sangeet dhariwal : this game was amazing that brings my mind out from the stress this game was stressless,1
mahabala hebbar : good nice game you should surely try it once it is calm and relax,1
ireen machayi : great game,1
ice : it has beatiful music and great gameplay,1
nadia appleby : i luv this game the music matches the pace of the game and its so zen good game,1
amit kumar : there should be more levels to play....good game.,1
v van : good game i ever play.... simple but challenging,1
nana kwame yentumey : really great game. gets a bit dull at times though.,1
eric miller : it just zen for casual offline gaming.,1
a google user : i love this game! it just drains the battery really fast,1
jesse hornblum : beautiful. simple. relaxing. rewarding.,1
hema garg : it's a really inspiring and calm game,1
cody alexander : great time killer and extremely relaxing.,1
yassin ghareeb : super relaxing,1
lisa wheeler : really good game but the character "paz" it so bad. fix that please,1
#noobs tm : giving 4 stars becouse often after watching advertisement i dont recive my reward (revive or gold),0
raphael smith : works flawlessly and is relaxing and zen like.,1
imesh navinda : this is the one of the greatest game i have ever played. i used this game to relax my mind sometimes.,1
super _s : nice graphic but boring .,1
vishal singh : a big black bar coming around hole punch in my oneplus 8. fix it please,1
ice wolf : i have got a samsung galaxy s10+,1
pradeep sharma : best game but all characters looks like same,1
shocked pikachu : very addictive game...best for time killing,1
hifikepunye namoloh : this game is the best when you are on the high way and a person on a lama comes and starts to chase you,1
rc64 : memory's i played this game when i was child now its more awesome,1
arya roy : this is not bad ..... but i don't like arcade games.......,1
raheel gamer : very nice game and its music is so relaxing wow,1
light- -vault : cant jump half the time but altos oddessy is still fun,1
a google user : super the graphics all very nice brilliant game,1
mlbb rule : this game graphics is awsome and i like the music too so relasing game so i give the game rate 5 star and also make new update thankyou,1
mg1015 : graphics are stunning,1
abhijith c : relaxing and smooth.,1
anna stewart : beautiful game. fun. relaxing. love it!,1
mauricio garcia : nothing to do on the game upgrades expensive,1
armand olicia : its slowly control of signal that makes me happier hahaha,1
peter markstone : its ok but it have non skippable ads so 1 star i would give zero for thst if i could,0
abhinav joseph : good relaxing best graphics what else i can say,1
ahnaf akif bd : this is a great game . i played this game. but now i can not open this game to play. please give me a solution of this game. thanks a lot.,1
beldjoudi oussama : i love this game so much i hope that developers can bring other games like this one,1
pathik jangid : this is a very great game. soothing to the veins,1
daniel alem : cool game nice graphics maybe more skins and addons,1
cairo beyers : my only gripe is how hard it is to see the rocks,1
leon dark : this game is amazing but it's kinda hard and that's why i'll give it a 4 star review.,1
gina da last : this game is cool,1
big man : i went on a road trip and played this game and it was very very fun.,1
kat & ryan stewart : nice but gets a little boring after a while,0
manish : great game.. good graphics also.,1
apeshiwe mukala : this game starts exciting but becomes boring in the but it is calming,0
krithik joshi : best game and background and sound effects are cool,1
cowen 2754 leibrandt : this game is somuch fun i love it and the games works perfectly,1
ali lahore : i like this game very much. i've plyed it and trust me it is really enjoyable game,1
atharva pansare [39] : nice mind fresh game easy to control,1
ruchika sharma : best game and the music is so relaxing.i want to give 1000000 star,1
aman singh 21 : simply beautiful so smooth and touchy,1
mf jones : very fun but don't play for hours,1
celestine : it removes my stress i love it also gives me chills when im angry its just the best,1
martha etim : nice game ,1
mounesh golla : one of the super games in the play store and pleasant game,1
anil soni : it is very peacefull game this game takes my stress away and i really love this game,1
badal patra : this is smooth game and also relaxing,1
aituar ibadullin : still looking at this background and relaxing,1
joel george : loved this game,1
lokesh bansal : it has very good graphics,1
auliya786 khan : amazing graphics beautiful game ever,1
a google user : this game has actual showed ma what reals nature looks and feels like,1
marwan s : super cool game. played and replayed years later,1
ethan scholtz : its one of my personal favourites and cant wait to play odyssey,1
a google user : this is a nice game and a great time spender,1
yashaswi vanga : you need not play... game it plays by its own... like a video playing in front of you,1
meraj shadow : graphics are so lovely,1
2002 a : it was super fun! i think this is the best game i've ever played on smartphone!,1
thiru trippy : clean user interface really appreciate it,1
goldenmaknae made goldencloset for goldenarmy : very clean smooth and entertaining.liked it,1
your worst nightmare : plz make it multiplayer because u can play with ur friends,1
passion padda : it's a very mind sleeping,1
nyoro : honestly,1
vertex : smooth and very relaxing,1
anish khokhar : nice game and easy to control,1
shruti nahar : peaceful!! such a beautiful game! wonderful work,1
dilip mane : one of the best relaxing games.,1
hassan abou zaid : amazing game and best graphics and music by far best mobile game,1
abhijeet singh rawat : nice controls,1
shubham namdev : most beautiful game ,1
abishek adhikari : you deserve 5 star. no words just relaxing game . i got hurt from a girl after that i started playing this game now i am in love with it.,1
abhishek raj : perfect...but you have to change the c theme or background for more interesting,1
alvaro yaeggy : too many ads.,0
s ganesan : i think i have not played such a relaxing game in my life,1
vox populi : my love for this game is unfathomable it was the first game i had on my first smartphone.,1
graham fortun : fun and zen mode is fantastic,1
the busters : awesome app good game play good graphics addictive relaxing good controls,1
az gamers ff : it is the goodest game that i had play its music is awesome and the game is too,1
sunny sharma : it's juts not a game u can also hear the music while not playing,1
mohammad hmadeh : bad controls,0
val : it's actually relaxing and fun to play,1
ranjana barthakur : nice nothing is there so hard only we had to click once,1
eddy adra : too many ads... otherwise 5 stars,0
stubby chubs : this game is fun. it's just another snowboarding game.,1
muhammad ali : nothing more to do only tap tap and bump and restart,1
shashank patil : graphics are very best l really like this game,1
jitin j gigi : just simple and neverending !,1
mahdy tonsey : amzing sounds effects and great design,1
muz youtube channel : good graphics & good sounds.i love this game,1
david meddock : love it! this cute game is so addicting!,1
abhinand a : i really like this one,1
affan khatri : amazing game and beautiful graphic s,1
sukesh poojary : very good game ...superb,1
cai nyo : played the game at night soothed me to sleep realy enjoyed i'm just not a huge fan of forever games,1
balakrishnan balu : fantastic graphics,1
alejandro mascall : the game is good and all but please update the game it get's annoying so please update the game but all of that the game is good,1
a google user : better than temple run 2 ,1
itzgacpiz : i like this game so much this game is for fun and time spend.,1
khora marker : it's a really fun game and i love the design of it all,1
matthew wilkinson : so many ads!,1
a google user : i like the game i can say that it is better then temple run....,1
sahal ap : great and nice graphics,1
young offsides music : amazing and vreat for road trips,1
joseph gamez : i like this game alot. i told other people about it. the music is good too.,1
1u21ca062_pradeep_ d : soothing sounds with a wonderful gameplay,1
nathan adrian castor : it is awesome the they made like a realistic view,1
reyaz shaikh : awesome animations better than altos odysee.,1
shawn scroggins : fun game,1
eve vanderhule : such a beautiful game. calming and fun.,1
sanjay kumar : good game flow breaks when guardian show up,1
9940 : this is a very enjoyable and calming little gem.,1
sea otter : exceptional. phenomenal gaming experience.,1
koena mokoena : i love this game it reminds me about the beauty of nature,1
a google user : great graphic and gameplay,1
tre trey : great game to vibe with. super chill and relaxing.,1
ali b. : too much ads!,1
beartooth : beautiful,1
mary jane dacumos : nice quality game and fun but stressful,1
a google user : wonderful game wid nice sound track...!!,1
alexis aguirre vazquez : this game feels boring and repetitive.,1
bheka mazeka : the song that plays here is very calming nice choice,1
a google user : great music and visual,1
syafi isyraf : best game ever since i was 9 years old hope you well in this time of condition sincerely well,1
abbazz mohammed : v nice game i love the music n this amazing graphic rlly glad to know that game,1
vault veteran : too many ads.,0
anita kumari : this is a platformers game. this game is realistic. this is a skateboarding game.,1
hussain imthiaz hussain : aesthetic gameplay and very relaxing,1
arbaz farooqui : coins cost too much in game to acquire,1
a google user : its relly fun i frest played it at a phone store on demo,1
aditya gawas gawas : this game good but graphic s need more good,1
umesh patil : i love this game because this game is very entertainment & fun...,1
wisteria : best game ever because the graphics just keeps me clam,1
adith shaji : the game is very nice . but its not have multiplayer,1
kristen fournier : i think this is the best game i have but i think you need to add something like an avalanche or something like that please do this,0
mashrafe hamim : very enjoyable game....it helps to relax my mind,1
a google user : i really like the animation!,1
tiffany wilkinson : love the game you made. five stars 10/10 would play again.,1
achutam jha : better than the other arcade games,1
nilaksh shirodkar : gets boring after few days of playtime..,0
vinay pratap singh rajawat : it's best time pass game . the game is suerb nice gameplay,1
rajveer singh : absolutely nice game and totally relaxes the mind,1
kamini kumari jha : it's a cool game and i would spend more of the time playing this,1
greg qu : it was fun,1
prince parida : most relaxing and satisfying game i have ever played......,1
krystal : this game is very calm and i like that about the game.its relaxing too and its a good game,1
ponnusamy cps : this game is perfect but sometimes it stucks.....!!,1
memes potato : fun but take a lot of phone battery,1
md boy : amazing game its my first time download it but i enjoyed it a lot i love it guys tey to download it,1
samuel mercy : it's great ,1
kimberly oswald : best game never gets old just try it you'll not lose anything,1
sky king : cool and relaxing game.....i completed all 180quests and finished the game tho,1
a google user : it is fun but new maps would be good,1
earth : good gameplay and graphics,1
warrio cats2947 : i like because of sound and gameplay of this beautific picec of game,1
merlin : recommended! willphilgames recommended and played this game and i love it!!! thanks so much,1
geetha thamizhselvan : very interesting but little bit to pass but very gooood,1
sreekumar b.s : it is a best relaxing game in mobile,1
fosts : beautiful,1
kangaroo_on_steroids_12x : this game is the most peaceful game i've ever played it's amazing like it makes my days better then their are,1
nonso chinyelu : truly a relaxing experience. best game yet.,1
joanniejellian wenceslao : i download this app erlier but it dint work.. i download it now so ...miby it wil workk,1
sam rebecca : awesome game!! you should download it i can give it 200000000 stars if possible,1
varun5656 creations : awesome the sounds are perfectly made,1
carolanne : this gameee is so realxingggg. it was hard,1
rajasohan alam : nice graphics,1
ravikant gawas : nice game but can you please make a new game will many worlds....,1
jack sparrow : mannn the game is sooo danmmm good ..... the lightning and all sound efects just out of this world....... nice calm feeling whenever i play this game ........... i am giving just 5 starssss b-),1
selvakumar rajamanickam : its charming,1
mohammed sarvar : the game play and the music is so enchanting.,1
a google user : it is relaxing and is fun when you have nothing to do.,1
ahmad iftikhar : very addictive game to kill time,1
virendra kushwaha : it graphics are best in the world,1
vikram singh rathore : too much ads,1
nochi : great physics and smooth gameplay,1
oisin haley : fun ,1
orlando lana : such a cool game,1
adam stange : alto's odyssey is 100 times better!,1
gulshan dilbahr : this boy gets back up more times than i fall.,1
qaimali baloch : calming and super challenging game,1
jesutomi oni : its dope and the music is relaxing,1
gabriel khan 4.b : i love this game zen mode is what makes this a masterpiece,1
small youtuber : made me rage a little in the zen mode you developers need to remove the rock,1
cameron lehman : great game. just got it. show me some footage somebody.,1
fbi : relaxing but gets boring after a while,0
anurag gayon : good but many times directly add plz resolution yes no bad good ..nice excellent,1
saif ali : i not interested to give single star because it is to dificult to complit the misions,1
aryan a : love this game... it's the best game to pass time.,1
truan donner : havn't tried yet but think its bouta be awsome. i ski/snowboard irl so this is my sort of thing.,1
amit korgounkar : nice minimal play games ..... nice for time pass...,1
kams kamaraj : ita a no 1 addictive game...i played it for 5 hours when i was on board to usa,1
thanc khan : totally enjoyed... with pleasant background music,1
a google user : it's a very adventurous and very different game,1
asma shoaib : great nostalgic game would definitely reccomend!!,1
david radysyuk : very soothing and relaxing,1
anne skinner : pretty sweet but limited use.,1
elise marie : this is an awesome game,1
4a muhammad fadzil : a very relaxing,1
zennoakuzra 778 : addictive and an absolute joy to play,1
nj lucky : deasent graphics nice sound,1
sumit chakma : pleasant music always use headphones,1
hemanathan s : awesome game to burst stress.,1
dr. anit choudhary : one of the best time passing games,1
a google user : this game is relaxing and it made me want to go to sleep calm and calm,1
altair : this game is good but full of bugs.,1
a google user : i love this game,1
luke weismann : great game if your out camping offline game,1
a google user : its a calm and relaxing game and that's why i love it,1
ilija petrovic : this game is the best. very zen and fun to play,1
xxdead_wrldxx : it is very peacefull and smoth very very gun must try,1
jahmirbonslee : its relaxing and really cool.,1
mustafa omer : good game animation under rated,1
anik saha : best of offline games.,1
sukshit shetty : too many ads.,0
evan watkins : it good distracting and calm,1
deepak yati : awesome music,1
l ghalehtaki : its graet but alto and ... is so small,1
sambhu panth : if you have a lot of ads just turn your wifi off,0
jeremy suryasaputra : i love this game. whenever i feel stressed,1
jeremy domingos : words can't describe how awesome and relaxing this game is,1
a google user : it is so fun and the music is beautiful,1
sergey shepelev : fine. but weird physics flips me out.,0
balaji yadav : feel good and it's a kind of relaxation,1
huria zia khan : i'm in love with this insane game the beauty of nature in this game will always arouse my feelings strongly i rate this game 5 out of 5 god bless the person who made this amazing game,1
sanele ncongwane : it's a really fun game no matter what age... you should try it out,1
himanshu : nice,1
sudhanshu mishra : one of the best editor choice game so i giving it 5 stats,1
andrew compton : so relaxing to play after a long day commuting helps me sleep,1
aaron : it's a pretty good game very relaxing to play but it's not my cup of tea,1
bsr : this game as more ads than game,1
lekshmi priya : awesome,1
ahsa n : i played lot of times the graphics awesome,1
dagemawe assefa : cool game. but it heats my phone and i can't press my screen on my phone,1
darkred editz : this is awesome just awesome in this game you can feel positivness,1
rufus savio sumanth : it's very smooth and calm very peaceful,1
diego vila : really chill game. if this came out back when temple run came out it would be a hit,1
kailash gupta : outstanding game buts new update versions are more outstanding,1
jugad josan : satisfying game..good graphics,1
ashish singh : play offline to avoid ads.,1
kavya junnarkar : boring game ...same background picture no variety,1
code bit cookie : super fun game played it for a long time,1
yolanda linga : so good graphics.,1
kristina madden : why ads tho this would be a 7 star if u did not have ads,0
ashish godara : one of the best offline game i have ever played.... .. .. .. .. ..,1
pauliasi junior : very smooth playable game. i like it,1
tutan mondal : very smoothly. and stay s home stay safe,1
a google user : this is a great game and so is alto odyssey reccomend it,1
perks : its probably of the best relaxing games i've ever tried,1
b x dream : i just love it but it's paid game most of the players are paid,1
a google user : so peaceful it's very peaceful and i can't wait for a third one,1
shubham roy : most beautiful game and background music is awesome,1
a google user : easy to use and nice game,1
bijoyalaxmi badaseth : i like this game ......it is so beautiful .... so,1
joey idontnoyu : this is an exceptionally good game to play for hours on end,1
mohamed mizyan : one of the most beautiful and calming games to date,1
tanisha paul : this game is good game but someone who was pushing me i don't know why ,1
sridhar : its just not a game its a beautiful trek.,1
rishi kumar : superb game to play alone and to enjoy the game atmosphere,1
sunaring lintang timur : i like this game! i like this game because i like the back flips! thx for making this game! best offline game!,1
ananthu snair : very relaxing and melodious bgm..,1
uladzimir khadakouski : it helps to fall asleep,1
sachin umax : ads too long.,0
galaxy gamer : if i could give it infinite stars i would it's my favorite game before going to bed,1
salah marwa : a very good game to use your time. keep it up!,1
michael cherevko : great graphics,1
zelestial phyre the space metal guru : keep starting over is boring just cos i hit a rock,1
micah johnson : fun,1
hamid hakimi : i love this game and my love for this game is get higher and higher everyday ,1
jose carlos ruiz : its a relaxing game god controls ,1
mini murukan : nice. smooth. relaxing . feelgood,1
jelena zivkovic : i loved the minimalistic style!,1
soumyadeep dutta : incredible! smooth! relaxing! moodmaker!,1
apsar shaikh : very very nice game it feels me my olden days time because when i'm small i was playing this game only so today i'm playing this again and feeling very happy,1
alex de oz : dude,1
vassilisfreefire games : this game is pretty good i see no bugs and i like the textures soo 4/5 because i think is a little boring,1
yogi : best offline adventure game in play store,1
ameer ali : not letting me jump over rocks idk why but great game otherwise,1
artax islive : wow,1
reaction with dan : best indie game in corona i never get bored thanks for making it,1
syed ahsan : great experience soo nice game and that background sound are soo satisfied and i just love this game,1
sandra nadege : this game made me so peaceful. it's so awesome! great job,1
david smith : i really love this game a lot its very fun to play its amazing,1
judge mervin villegas : great game and best graphics,1
prince : an awesome game which truly refreshes you.,1
allen kitso : cool game and great graphics,1
nick carberry : the music and gameplay is phenomenal,1
fatima saif hayat : it's such an adorable and whimsical game! 10/10,1
breakyourself : its relaxing and fun. i played this. every day.,1
a google user : it's a very good game i love it's animations also,1
a google user : great graphics,1
cashtechy etsv : very calming,1
adi : most beautiful offline game ever!!!!,1
a google user : its so addictive and plsss add multiplayer,1
tashif khan : listining to music while playing this game = life !!!,1
kailani salazar : the game is addictive and fun to play.,1
sayak ghosh : awesome game . but the music is too good,1
yadukrishnan cr : this is beautiful _excellent creation_ no words to say about the happiness this game gives me .this game.and i reccomend this game for those who loves ti be entertained.,1
ganesh n : nice game with good grafics,1
wolfdrix _ : you guys should make a multiplayer with 4. love the game,1
jason mandel : it's fun . and it's good for when you're bored,1
el janati adam : lacks optimization for xiaomi mi 8,1
mayur shinde : 5 stars only for music and graphics,1
nisanth sathish : good sound graphics,1
jamie dobson : good game but app keeps crashing,1
a google user : great graphics. great game,1
joanne urriza : very pretty and relaxing.,1
solar wolf plays : why on earth did you think rocks all over was funny. all that did was make me dislike the game.,1
a google user : game is wonderful,1
resha gurung : it's literally my childhood i love to play this game i literally forgot about this game but now i have it iam so glad i found this game i even forgot this game name it's a fun game so i recommend it,1
prabu ramamoorthy : i am feel so very happy this game background music amazing i am happy,1
jarom : extreamly relaxing and very fun!,1
poongodi d : best game i ever played. thanks to the developer for this wonderful game,1
kousik poria : we play a relaxing game that make you moody suddenly ad make mood more bad that happened when online you play this game thats shame,1
jess harrower : it is so freaking awesome and relaxing,1
jay upadhyay : best graphics and good game,1
b son : unable to cross the charm,1
a google user : add illamas in zen mode for capture beautiful photo,1
bradley saruchera : very fun game. it takes practice to master it,1
lee a : love this game but stopped working for some reason,1
asad attily : honestly the most interesting and entertaining game.i ever played,1
shadow theworldxd : the most coolest game ever i love it i was addicted even the other alto game i rlly enjoy it,1
anos voldigoad : too relaxing best stress reliever,1
mohamed eid : i'm mohamed from egypt...and i am unable to write.....i need to thank who made this beautiful game....it fixed my day.....thank you very much,1
benjamin raka : very neat and simple,1
gamer husky : cool relaxing fun and addicting game 10/10,1
minal yusufzai : never experienced this kind of relaxing and enjoyable game,1
seren dipity : need a very good eye. too fast.,1
devon jackson : awsome game keep on the good work,1
nivea sagar : the game is nice as altos odyssey but altos odyssey is more better than this,1
a google user : this game i s the best game i ever played the graphics are so awesome,1
a google user : best game i'll probably ever play.... alto's odyssey.... amazing,1
homa shojaee : about to install it for the 3rd time. well in 3 year duration.,1
tanmay kumar : loved this game please make it available for tv also,1
akshay katoch : background music is so pleasant,1
4501 - ruban medlan p : good game. most likely the music of this game is outstanding,1
santosh jha : best game i had ever played i gave it a 5 star because of its plesent scenery,1
ahmed abo aloyoun : sooooo many advertising,1
a google user : i want that there be different characters in this game with different abilities,1
vidhula vijayan : the best i have felt playing a casual game. so peaceful,1
martin morales : super boring and repetitive,1
anurag mittal : nice ui and gameplay is insane.,1
lang wenn : simply the best game to relax.,1
matt wolf : relaxing? whats relaxing about ads thrown in yr face. delete.,1
upma shreyansh : gazab ka game hai . it is a good game withe good graphics,1
aroobah bhatti : amazing and the new version is even more awesome,1
anas mohammad sheikh : this game is amazing and downloan the 2nd part of this game alto's odyssey,1
a google user : it is amazing it's calming and nice i really enjoyed it,1
farzad maghsoodlou : good for reducing stress,1
hemnath krishnamoorthy : sound effects are awesome.,1
logan voigt : very smooth and fun.,1
sean bandales : just really great really smooth.,1
t. yein : lol! game only can do back flip.,1
a a : after these many years nothing comes close to rivaling this game in my books i love it,1
a google user : it makes me feel calm i love it. plz make more updates.,1
ranga prasad : full boaring game . it's my opinion only . but u try first ,1
clann : i paid for this and there is still an ads?,1
bell kid12 : i had a lot of fun playing this and it was very relaxing to play,1
prabhav agarwal : nice game it's graphics are good,1
mihir kalyani : nice adventure game and good for kids,1
mr spud : it's alright i didn't play it much because it wasn't entertaining,1
srinivasa murthy : this is good games but i am not sure if you have any questions or need any more,0
a google user : i loved the graphics it was amazing,1
ramaiah k : it's time waste it's just subway surfers,1
saurabh gupta : app suddenly stopped working on my phone,1
shivam patil : there are small bugs that should be fixed by the developers,1
nirupesh nag : awesome graphics good gameplay,1
vaibhavi rai : the music is awesome ; fantastic game,1
michael thomaz : love it but when i go to buy full version nothing happens,1
eunna choi : its have a good graphics,1
all rounder : nice ,1
rajib dhar : this game background music is so much relaxing,1
jahssel : its a great and relaxing game,1
moira mckell : not very fun. i don't like anything about it,1
arindam bala : nah the advertisements ain't it!,1
daniel santana : great game,1
vghg vghggyg : this game is awesome.it's not like other games.its different,1
aman : what is this bug i am not even able to jump,1
ben h : very relaxing and a great time killer,1
darpan sayam : my in app purchase didn't get applied,1
neeraj malav : awesome game nice broo graphics op.,1
anish p : this game is not even working now it is not even letting jump,1
a google user : this game is awesome as it has so many fitures and i like to play,0
shubham padave : why don't u merge both the games its altos adventure and altos odyssey?,1
opol 556 : best mobile game in history desert part is fire,1
rj francis : i freaking love this game whenever im depressed or tired i play this its so relaxing i realy love it it gets away my anxiety you guys should play thisssssss,1
josvani : beautiful game and beautiful graphics,1
uday aradhya : i'm online gamer,1
keagan silveira : the game would be better if you added more tricks.,1
a google user : such a decent game ,1
jonah dixon : yeet so good turn off internet to delite adds,0
eyoel mulugeta : cool game its graphics and it sound is best for me,1
manish shakya : love the game,1
aniket dandhare : best graphics game must try,1
berliana celsyalita : beautiful game ever!! i really love it!,1
ayushi maurya : lovely and music is so peaceful,1
a google user : its very good but lags not often,0
mayur : the background music is so soft abd heart touching. it feels like you are in a fairy world sort of thing,1
shambhu nath jha : the best game thai i had ever played it maked nic by the development,1
mdnasir khan : perfect games for timepass,1
blue monster134 : i love this game's music and gameplay i love it,1
sutripta goswami : good game. it has awesome hraphics and its senary is very very good......,1
a google user : it is osome game its graphics beutiful,1
aakash sourastriya : sounds are very magical this made the game good,1
a google user : it wasnt that good it was really laggy,1
vrujesh pulekar : brilliant at graphic,1
frederick jong : honestly just peaceful,1
areeba shaikh : loving both of the games.,1
khushi singh : supbb but same time challenging too..good luck,1
raja santore : i think you should develope something new and atractive in your game or apear some grafics,1
rizwan arif : one of the best game that i played after a long time...keep up the good work,1
ananthan a.k : it's just awesome and relaxing,1
ashutosh kaithela : it is best game and graphics are good,1
istiak al efti : i know this game from my childhood this was my favourite game ithe graphics it is awesome,1
diza n. sultana : zene mode with the llamas running along would be great!,1
jerma t : top 5 mobile game of all time,1
dazzling deepti : such a soothing game. what a lovely experience!,1
sourav goswami : was good,1
evan : beautiful game but is repetitive,1
anamul haque : very good graphics,1
nandini -_- : i love this because my sister play this at 5 years old so i love this game,1
santhosh smart : playing this game just for it's soothing music,1
op bansi : the most adventurous games in the world,1
a google user : it's game that i can play the whole week with my family and friends....,1
priti khare : brilliant game. every one should play it,1
a google user : good,1
mehfooz arts : it's a very good game i haven't played it yet but i have played it when i was kid i love this game.,1
a google user : nice game,1
vibhu barik : 5 star ratings is not enough to make sure to check in..,1
da chungus : was pretty nice but more fps needed...,1
a google user : low mb best offline game ever played really attictive,1
ahmed albusaidi : absolutely love it,1
henry allan : nice game and concept it very addicted,1
shlokaa soni : amazing game...play ib with headphones on,1
arpit akar : lesser control on board in air slower stages promotion and lesser coins and rewards,1
vineeth kumar : very very super game best back ground music,1
joe boat : i used to love this game but now it wont let me jump for some reason.,1
t : ~perfect game for anime luvers~ ~graphics are awesome i luv it~ .,1
h : best game ever the graphics are amazinggg,1
tan junxi : really neat classic offline game,1
jagbeer singh negi : nice game but the lamas leave4 but i see 145 lamas in the game but very nice game aulto is good,1
msquare : wonderful music and gameplay,1
sayeda humayra adiba : this is the best relaxing game i ever seen and it so freaking realised _._,1
ballisticzombie7 : basically journey but as an endless runner,1
mohamed slimi : beautiful game so calm and relaxing,1
katie brooks : great for passing time or just to relax,1
shreyash nallawar : best game for relax timepass.,1
mohal sharma : poor,1
sino phan : this game is like tots fun lol i sound so stupid but but game is so damn fun,1
hunter randas : its always laggy and making me die every time so 1 star.,1
saravanan s : full of bugs. disappointed so much,1
technotunes : this is a coolest game wow the graphics,1
himmy rulz : this game reminds me winter of 2018.,1
mert akdut : i really don't know which part of this game people liked! it's boring as hell.,1
rana homely : so smooth. love it so much.,1
james keney : relaxing and challenging,1
hemant sahu : music of this game is just beautiful,1
kaleab leyessa : one of the most mesmerising and refreshing games.,1
afiq haikal : well you know just jumping and backflip make it multiplayer,1
youtube guy : the best unreal graphics,1
sai sreeja : i can't understand how this became a good game. the worst game i have ever played..,1
adithyasai m : eyes are not affected classic adventure game supeb,1
tejpreet singh : soothing,1
miguel e. diaz sebastiani : it's a beautifull game,1
mutugi lewis : % great fantastic game ever appeared to my life... thanks a lot,1
rakoush_ : it lags and i can't jump,1
a google user : one of the simple but best games,1
park : nice game. good graphics,1
red gunz : very fun i live the art style,1
miguel de aza : very fun and relaxing game.,1
mortal rock : nice game...but need to be more hard...,1
janette morales : it sounds beautiful and calm game in the world,1
a google user : nice adventure and awesome game ,1
kabeer ahmed : yeah it's fine but after a while it's just boring,0
ani terentia : cant download ,1
alec dubois : cannot tell you how calming and fun this is - what a great game,1
vijay ananthan : too good game. visual and sound effects of envo.,1
coltz : very good game. when i played it,1
a google user : awessom. after all its an editors choice.,0
nikola djordjevic : nice game,1
nicole dulac : so relaxing,1
lakan music : i love this game,1
vinod donepati : this is an amazing game i have ever played...i loved it..,1
broilsyt : it sucks and it glitches i literally am so close and then it glitches on me,0
jagdish maruya : just download it and take your sledge and complete your challenges,1
akash gupta : one of my favourite beautiful mobile game which i ever played... i love this game,1
a google user : background music is sick!,1
sofja velykaya : the game is cool and all,1
gr1m 112 : its a good game solid but it gets repetive,1
dorina spaja : its the best.whene im borde i play it and i find it so atractive.,1
hari haran : super high graphics advantages,1
i'mme imme : genuinely a pretty decent offline game,1
prakash raj : these 5 stars are only for zen mode,1
logi : quite fun,1
aman kumar : the scenes are spectacular....,1
susanta sahu : very good game to play. all can enjoy this.,1
john young : huge money grab. game is not even that good.,1
aishaa almahdy : it is so warm and calm that takes you to another world completely,1
cj lone wolf uzumaki namakazi : it was a nice chalinging fun game expereance,1
ben farmer : a great game,1
joao chama : amazing beautiful epic relaxing free easy,1
eleanor baker : omg the graphics are 12/10 and its so chill,1
b satheesh kumar : amazing game because of the great theme,1
zarul azham mohd zaki : keep crashing. please fix,1
max p : this game is good for a bit relaxation of mind,1
yogesh trakru : extremely short runs.,1
danish sharif : excellent and worth enjoyiny thumbs up to u guys,1
a google user : the jumping is super hard,1
draw king : please put this on switch it would be a funner game if you did,1
a google user : awesome!,1
vijay kumar : it is fantastic...the music is good too,1
adeyemi david : my best game ever,1
kobi. h : classic game,1
a google user : amazing never felt so calm when i played the game,1
echo 3-2 : this is a very good game also very calming. i wish there were more games like this,1
ace yao : it's soothing and love the atmosphere,1
abraham dream : no forced ads,1
macc drae : this game is amazing lmao what more can i say,1
ashish nivalekar : one of the best game ever...loved it and still loving it.,1
sarthak sovan : absolutely love this game and music,1
dawn gene : there are 2 alto's adventures go get the other 1 too,1
gabriel lee : this is the best game i love it good job creators,1
cocaine : perfect game to me but other people would say that this game is bad,1
vishnu prabhu : the most beautiful game for android.,1
tapas ranjan barik : best relaxing game. its music is best.,1
ashis pati : very good game i uninstall it after 5 months,1
flubadubchub : great game,1
clasher gaming : nice game but graphics,1
wan jaw : best of small size game..wow superb,1
isaac rodriguez : its so hard to see rock its so hard to jump on it,1
friskain : minimal control boring game,1
chess. s : this has got to be the best app i havw ever got in my life ,1
a google user : nice music! relaxing!,1
a google user : so amazing and funny game. i also like this game,1
xephos : ads would not close.,1
dkeagle gaming : best graphics and music,1
brianna siegrist : i love this this game,1
a google user : it's a wonderful game .i am sure that everyone will love playing it.,1
legal world : very good graphics,1
nishanth : characters are too small..,1
muhammad essa : this ge is very peaceful and this game made for mood off when i play this game i feel very happy so my think is this game is very nice and good,1
vishnu vicky : best graphics calm entertaining game,1
alzioner : it is fun but alto's odyssey is better imo,1
m.l baghel : nice bro but some levels is not good.,1
m a t l o b e l a : cannot double tap to backflip,1
tom mann : love all the games in this series,1
ali ghodrat : one of the best and challenging game i've ever played.,1
palok pallob : nice but sometimes it is lagging.,1
lily neuer : let's me play one game then can't jump again.,1
taarak parasher : a wonderful simple joyful game!,1
kendall brown : this game is relaxing and very amazing.,1
gunnyboy tj : very good but a little annoying,1
james harden : a fantastic experience but i like a bit more odyssey,1
chris steytler : love the music just a great game thanks,1
nomad ghost : nice and relaxing just how it should be,1
shivam modirak : i love the music of this game. it's very calm.,1
a google user : great peace full game after long stress full day,0
alex gajda : magical game with incredible atmosphere.,1
yellow : god.. i hate the ads..,1
dev gulati : must download app,1
vinay nalam : the game is good but touch is not working on my phone,1
sonic boom the hedgehog : nice casual game for the brain.,1
a google user : beautifully designed,1
susan warren : peaceful and relaxing.,1
unknownperson395 : it's a pretty fun game when you have time,1
marissa fernandez : its a very fun game and i really like to play it.,1
ton muv : the reason l'm giving this game a one star because it won't allow me to jump over rocks,1
nana duoduwa : it is such a fun calming game even for chidren,1
narendera bhargava : best game ever. thanks to the developer,1
wrick gamex gareena : this game is good for any child.... ###outstanding graficsplease download this game and enjoy it.... ##$,1
reena kumari : this is a very good game .i loved it so much and recommend it to everyone one,1
ahsan ramzan : it's very interesting game. i liked so much. thanks!!!!!!!!,1
luceliok : i remember a few years ago i ended up getting grounded because i played this game all night,1
noreen farooq : nice game. i really have spend a lot of time on it,1
bacon8tor : this is a great game the music is cool,1
mike zickefoose : wow what a dumbass game graphics sucks game sucks and the ppl who give it more than 1 star suck too.....get my point?,1
shivam sinha : i love this game,1
john taylor : great game that gives me such a challenge!,1
against allodds : played this game for years more then just a game classic,1
christon thomson : good game nice music and adventure,1
king peanut : very fun and relaxing,1
diana : amazing game! wish they're where more out there like this! :),1
germain leger : the game is so relaxing and calming,1
jullan kunan : please title of the background piano music it's so wonderful,1
mitch goulet : addictive and great visuals,1
mehdi zeinali : funy and cute game nice music and good game play when gaming this game u relax its game have + energy and give me it,1
ayaan khan : simple and fun,1
sandesh yakthumba : this is the best game i had ever played offline thankyou for this game,1
mr. player : game is grate but same times its get board,1
matryoshka : looks beautiful and dramatic,1
-hybrid - : i have never experienced such rude customer service before! even when i complained to their manager he responded by sending me a gif. what company does that??,0
nah : amazing game keep up the good work,1
harshil patel : not one of the,1
potato : i loved this game i remebered when it first came out on tablet i would play it all day,1
a google user : the game is just awsom..i want to tell the maker of this game is ,0
safi : breathtaking and scenic,1
a google user : mowesome! ma mages motally mowesome! my move mit!,1
kawser fear : nice and scnenary with music makes u emotional,1
a google user : very relaxing after a hard day,1
angelo september : awesome i love the game please download it you won't be disappointed,1
a google user : it's so relaxing and addictive i love it,1
umaru azeez : the best game to play in your free time!,1
gilbert msipha : its a fun game definitly worth tryin nb~ u might get addicted,1
nikhil gugale : i love that game,1
wireycoyote : tutorial is lame. didnt even make it past that.,1
lokesh singh anchal : great game. u can play any time.,1
nicolas inapart : very fun and relaxing,1
jatinder singh : the best game ever with best graphics,1
noname : i like how much you put into the artwork of the game.,1
gr nv : excellent game and very inspiring,1
rahul singh : its a great with very loving music,1
irum haroon : there is nothing wrong with this game!!!!!! i love it.,1
kimberlee prather : absolutely gorgeous and addictive!,1
gelo ortega : super good graphics,1
daniel brooks : tis a fun game. one does have enjoyment upon the use of this game.,1
stephanie smith : it's a great way to keep entertained.,1
dhruv singhal : best game so much hard work done,1
sourav mahato : the music in zen mode is everything,1
devesh tiwari : i playde it some months ago and its very nice and relaxing,1
nova chilz : easy and so much fun,1
minhajur rahman munna : this game is very good.. a great game for wasting time...,1
sparsh mehta : my touch doesn't work when ever i open this game,0
lloyd takunda mushore : this is game is not that bad but i think it would be a good idea to have a great game,1
sristy moni : calming game. zen mode is extravagantly great!,1
maikeru dabittsu : runs much smoother than the odyssey,1
dhawal sharma : calm nd soothing... try zen mode with headphones,1
yash tanwani personalg : really awesome game relaxing as well as enjoying believe me,1
toast : lovectge game but please remove the rain in the mountains,1
chris jones : just wanted a fun game and this is the best one i seen,1
hari 19l_249 : nice game to play in a free time,1
sai charan kotaprolu : very calming and a new experience of gaming,1
indomitable 77 : perfect relaxation game.,1
lincoln hall : this is a great game it is very fun and satisfying,1
bulumko mdeyide : this game is one of my favorite games i love the background and everything about it,1
king mohamed mohamed : its very fun and a relaxing game,1
rameshwar dass : it is good game nyc mind resting music nd that that night rain itssss awesome awesome game nyc work guys,1
naru : calming and helpful when i need to relax,0
suryakant subudhi : soothing game! i feel like in another world,1
ujjawal sharma : a very soothing running game.,1
chrissi : this game is beautiful in every way a mobile game can possibly be,1
sunethra hewagamage : loved it smooth music,1
dominic baker : it's not a perfect game but it's good for kids,1
zeba hassan : no words.. best runner game present on this planet...must play,1
a google user : this is a nice game to play and the person who made it..........epic on fire,1
raisa rifat : this game is really awesome!! its cool & crazy..love it,1
blos : not my type of game,1
zachariah : this game is amazing and it's kinda relax cooling me down,1
quentin hill : is there a end to the moutain......i hope not love the game want more like but mabey with story idk love the game,1
shailesh singh : thanks to developer for this game love both altos game waiting for new updates well done developers may this game cross billion downloads,1
a google user : wow i love this game,1
sanjeevulu redmi5s : what a music and game is beautiful,1
rahul shing : i love it because it's music is spiritual,1
zach aiken : it is such a time killer,1
washu gaming : it is too good i really like this game who like this game if you like it than like if you love it than comment,1
a google user : great sound effects very nice,1
shockatic da goat : fun to play and nostalgic,1
n-s- a : its so calming and relaxing,1
rick samael : the game keeps stopping,1
hany ahmed : the adds became soooooo much plz don't force me to uninstall my fivoret game ever,0
mohammed shafeer : the is a good game nice i love it the is a awesome game download no rate this at 5 star,1
abhinav dhiman : this game is good graphics,1
cisco cordero : very challenging,1
anonymous anonymous : i love this game it pasted my expectations i think they should make more alto games,1
arpita : i play it for passing my time and i am glad i downloaded it,1
lexus wilson : kinda gets boring after a while,0
ashit ranjan : idiotic game.same level repeat again and again,1
nikhil raj : nice game and toning is nice happy day,1
blushy da best : amazing!! very addictive.,1
pranab kalita : very good game,1
randy brown : smooth and peaceful,1
aiden m : it's fun,1
eric williams : now with ads!,1
ali d.a : so amazing and full of relaxation .,1
rafid rs : dont wast your time,1
shaninayyy m : so love it. never gonna uninstall this app!,1
vishal murugan : authentic game,1
vinayaka rao : this is very good i love it i need like this game claps for this game. ;),1
frank chikadza : better graphics than gta 5.,1
nusrath begum : very bad game it put virus in my phone and charged me money don't install it,1
deepha p : i love it so awesome game ,1
jejjeheh bbshehhehe : most beautiful and positive app to have.,1
harsh waghulkar : it's my fav game i am loving it and good music of background,1
paritosh kr : very good game not getting bored with it .. loved it,1
rahul gorai : i want's to give more 10 star,1
veer bhrat : love it alot inspire by tune,1
akif khan : its mind relaxing game i love to play it,1
123 youloselol : i've played this game a while back and now i found it again i'm gonna play for memories,1
lina jibril : oh my god... it is absolutely fantastic trust me once you try it u are going love it,1
vipul bhatt : as i play this game i feel peace and calm. try it to see.,1
esmail hassan : when i was download this game i know then it is a most relaxing casual game in google play store i love this game & i give it 5star rating,1
pandharinath pawar : very nice game for free players.,1
a google user : if the game has mutiplayer option then its become very nice game,1
kool gamer : it is good but it's graphic is not so good first game is really good but this is not very good but is good,1
vishnupriya s : one of the best relaxing games i have ever played,1
peter nagy : great music,1
a google user : i was awesome game and graphics are god enough,1
internet person - : remove rocks from zen more thats all,1
naqib zaib : night version is not good please remove it,1
terrific gaming : just relaxing and amazing,1
doctor who : one of the best games on the play store!,1
coolerj17 : this game is truly beautiful. this all i have to say,1
mohd hamdani : this game is good,1
sofian zlitni : great game 10/10 must try!!!,1
jack hayman : such a good game recommend to anyone looking for a lie back and chill game,1
christian lee aragon : very fun and relaxing,1
pawan kumar : best game ever played it will relax ur brain,1
gio t : boring not much to do kind of relaxing though i'll give it that,1
autonetics inc : altime adventure from alto is my favorite since a decade,1
tang solaris : great game to play offline,1
luigi is mario's brother. : bug when i pick up blue thing,1
nilesh tiwari : this game is really nice and whenever i play it makes me very angry,1
asiya shabbir : bootifulllll ..... best for time passss..... and its an wonderful game.....,1
ari jeon : its a very good game . helping me focus on one thing.,1
a google user : good game good graphics,1
pankaj bansal 155 : most boring game if u r searching for a game ,1
maria : the most beautiful and relaxing game,1
eden delany-rahman : a really nice relaxing game to play,1
zayar htet : good graphics and i like this,1
ijele : when of the best games i have played in my 20years of life,1
venmar lugo : good game please make some more altos adventure.,1
sherry rose : so cool and very relaxing omg! i love it,1
jyoti masih : very good game .especially its endless run,1
margareta : my favorite game...i simply love it.,1
surender kumar : awsm i am playing it since 3 years ago very relaxing music,1
kul aadi aadi : this game is very interesting its hills are very long i like this game,1
manas : best for relaxing time pass,1
helvacy gaming : really fun and relaxing,1
nirmal super : i like this game but reason for 2 ratings this game some time very boring please update this game good,1
shafayet tuhin : the music of this game is so peaceful.,1
disha singh : this game is so peaceful and calming.,1
gega tsanava : amazing this game made my childhood me and my dad used to play this for hours,1
luke yanovitch : it's relaxing and calming,1
tutun thakur : this game is very very adventurous i like it and love it,1
shyamal malakar : i like this version's background more than part 2,1
jeff antwi : this game is beautiful.a big thanks to the creators,1
maurice ouma : it's awesome lol but pls remove bad adds like people kissing plans my child was what is this thank you,0
a google user : good game but make controls better than this,1
a google user : good but controls are not good,0
wajid ali : great game and impressive gameplay.,1
a google user : it is awesome i showed to my friends and they liked it,1
blackstar cartoonz : i like this game. i'm damn sure every gamer will like this,1
tihani jamaludin : forever my fav game. especially the music,1
ali bakhtiary : best relaxing game waiting for update,1
gaming dude : really nice game its grafics is owsom,1
moses osei : very nice i really enjoy playing this game keep it up,1
a google user : best game to consume free time,1
cartier vamp : natural beauty animation,1
praisedoris daniels : i only played the game on my brother's friend's phone and i am downloading the app right now,1
ilulu : i had a great time playing this game,1
xwd reaper : when imgot this app i felt happy because it is a game about pease and relaxing,1
troy trojan : has a great skill and character...,1
lalith kumar : the music is so relaxing,1
gifty sogah : i love it so much i can't stop playing it,1
captainfox stream : this is a beautiful beautiful game,1
mohammad zaid : very nice game. it helps me to get to bed when i don't want to.,1
nathaniel jude george : i have to rally tell that the most peaceful game i have ever had 10000000/10,1
a google user : great game! it's fun and relaxing,1
abdul al mohit : i am just surprised... damn music though.. love it,1
mooner man : realxing i play it and it gets rid of my stress,1
marshall gaming tv : amazing game and its quite relaxing,1
noah hansen : this game is one of the best games i could ever play it's so fun,1
arjomanara dinar : good game.graphics are really goos,1
juri bhuyan : game is too satisfying but nothing exciting,1
ana stojanovska : really fun to play,1
rob vinden : 5 star because of zen mode,1
chaudhary soham : it is easy to learn,1
sangam eshwar : very good and mind relaxing game......,1
a google user : amazing game i have seen it in my sister's mobile,1
world of aviattion and more : makes me relax all the time when i play this.,1
mingyaola zimiknao : i like the bgm its comforting well i likw everything about this game :),1
astrid : the app contains approx 18 tracking apps. checkout exodus privacy installed via f-droid to find out more,1
torus homeomorphic 3 manifold : a perfect game to play on those phone stores while ur parents are getting a phone data plan,1
velostix : gg (great graphics/good game),1
faizan saeed : weird game .i mean you just have to catch the llamas and just that and that. whats the point???,0
praneeth patel : very good game i don't get bored when i play the game and i enjoy and love the game very good game,1
hari chalawadi : good game to spend time mood maker,1
shadow : it's a nice calm game it's fun i love it so much,1
azeez rahman : this is the best game for ever good nice songs,1
sathiroliy felix : it's a nice game. it's sounds good ... i love it....,1
rahul rahul : this app is great for short term fun,1
jim delaney : i absolutly loved this game. definitly recommend this brilliant game,1
nis 3r : great game way to many adds!,0
yogesh kumar : i feel like in nature such a wonderful game please create more games like this,1
ed annatone : currently broken. can't use app at all.,1
fatima palabon : very calm and soothing,1
21 villa,1
jewel dhanesh : i'm like a pro at it thanks for this game!!!!! rating is over 9000!!!!! giving it 10/10,1
spike bergmans : it's relaxing and addicting,1
aniket kamble : op game and good grafics...,1
dylan .t : great fun and very relaxing,1
ian mlolwa : a very good game. keeps you calmed,1
karissa wynen : it is so relaxing and fun.,1
cole neilson : i love this game it's so relaxing and fun,1
just gaming0957 : ive had this game for two years and its amazing,1
nitin sharma : best for mind relaxation awesome loved it ...,1
joshua israel : nice game and easy to use,1
pop kop : really fun and addicting,1
ali dahoum : it needs players but its' still cool,1
akmal123 akmal123 : this game blind me.i can't see any rocks at night time,1
a google user : pleasant game no need of bothering for goals,1
fahim muntasir nahid : best sound game....l love it....,1
aseel sahmoud : i've been playing it for 3 years and it only gets better ,1
harsh chodhary : it's great game very relaxing and enjoying,1
yogendra hawk : goals are a bit tough.,1
alex : adore this game,1
mad desire : its awsome and mind relaxing,1
iulia aura dobrota : alto is a basic game but fun,1
bharti bharti : very good and relaxing game (give it a try),1
shreerup ghosh : whenever you feel stressed and let down ,1
mj's infinity : well thought out and executed game play. soothing experience .,1
pradeep : best game with less addiction,1
animal freeride : micro transaction thievery. i don't install anything which robs users as a matter of principle.,1
aidan kapr : freakin awesome and so calm and peaceful !!!,1
sadgod : relaxing and yet amazing,1
parvez pro : thank u developer for this creative game! appreciate your work!,1
rocco clark : normally i dont do this but i had fun playing this :-),1
aryaman gohel : this game is good because you never get bored of it,1
arifa uvais : it's very cool and fun so it is good game for tme passing,1
lolli sibi : mind blowing music,1
osiris 10 : while u take weed,1
your god edge lord : i had a meth addiction before playing this and because of this game it's gone,1
linda zondi : simple and amazing game.really addictive hey,1
nar singh : nice game interstingfor small kids,1
icecold1776 : awesome game,1
yaisj moesliman : this game is amazing honestly one of the funest games ive played in a while,1
drezz : i gotta say,1
shakthivel gs : it's really relaxing,1
beau coulter : good but very repetitive.,1
miss fuyumi : its so flipping calm! people should download and play this!,1
mia bourbon : one of my favorite games,1
ahmed sanad : it's incredible and i had great memories with it,1
a google user : best grafic awesome music,1
kulwinder singh : i love to play this game. this is very good game....i love this game,1
wner gir : i really love this game its very stress reliefing,1
r domins : amazing game i'm playing it right now and a i get calm down after i play it,1
asish behera : simple but really nice game,1
tyler wilson : i love playing its so awesome and addictive,1
january gaming : i like the sound of this game it's perfect,1
flash light : it's the best offline game and i like this game i love this game ...,1
ahmed akram : amazing piece of art,1
ff gamer : good game but slow downloading plzz downloading fast,1
liz : lovely experience a great way to use your time,1
mix with a man : this is the game that i'll never delete,1
sourav kumar : best mind relaxing game.,1
magdalena georgieva : amazing cool and relaxing,1
daniel troko : one of the best games i've ever seen for mobile.,1
zachary stephens : fun soothing games not paying for nothing though,1
hilda ann visser : great game also very time consuming,1
lai khan : i like this graphics made with this graphic,1
john batty : very good platformer,1
vishal sharma : almost time spending game,1
erlric lamis : good game but my phone is getting hot even i played a few minutes,1
teja teja : this game is not working only repetead,1
jaden swint : its good i play it for a day it is a good time killer,1
ellie cox : i really love this game,1
amogus bigchungus : so much fun and looks beatiful,1
srdjan durmanovic : pay to have fun. was better before. dissapointed.,1
a google user : love the game. hate the tutorial,1
temple iyeke : this game is so beautiful and fun i really recommend,1
shivam kumar : you can't resume your game after using any other app,1
nooby-kun : very good and relaxing game.,1
pandesal plays : deez nuts aint boring this is the best to olay with when you are bored,1
ghost of ghazi : it is an anti stress game which i love the most,1
a google user : so much fun when i play this game. i feel it,1
smokey tweeds : i tryed downloading this game but it says it cant be downloaded,1
l i f e - s u c k s : i really like this game,1
wrld 999 : this game is f**king awesome . can't compare i really really like it,1
shawn grube : amazingly entertaining and fun,1
gregory johnson : this is the game i grew up on. good to come back to it.,1
umesh sharma : how to save clicked photos in the game thanks .,1
a google user : it was in the show manifest,1
vikas pradhan : i love this game nice very very interesting and beutifull and amazing,1
thuan quoc : this is a really good game,1
madison campbell : super fun and relaxing,1
veevle bob : it is calm and soothing.,1
jerzys animations : it's fun and i love the art,1
mylo hill : so smooth and fun,1
uro trigger : taken away characters i unlocked now you need to pay for them???,0
a google user : i love it. it's so artistic and beautiful,1
a google user : it like hill racing but different,1
kwazi phakathi : cool game but no cool tricks,1
inderjit hammy : nice eys pleasing good smooth way to kill time,1
ashok mohan : awesome game while using headset,1
asim mujkic : great music and ambience,1
mataniu manumalealii : i love it this game is the best ice skating game ever,1
iyse : "how much beauty do you want the game to hav-" "yes",1
nayantheerth akhil : very great game,1
moina ahmed : the zen mode is really calming,1
susan kelly : extremely fun and addictive,1
hrishikesh : best game. played played it since 2017,1
gyr gaming : this game experience our recent days that we were gone to the mountains,1
caszel brent : you mean 2016? anyway very good game like it! you should try it,1
omkar ghodke : relaxing and fun at the same time,1
juliet ramesar : the music is nice and i like felipe,1
aileen roberts : fire catcher edge don't touch anything new 3d grapics! collect them all!,1
slim shady : amazing game... full of piece..,1
ashish thakur : i love the graphics in this game,1
pavan prince : good game. when mood is not write..,1
aba oye nimoh-brema : this is my favourite game and it cheers me up all the time!,1
jordan : best mobile game in my opinion very satisfying,1
ep : fun if you dont have anything else to do,1
pete cheacker : exceptionaly ecquisite!... stunningly beautifull.....,1
muhammad faizal : pls add double tap to long jumb option on big pit,1
riya prasanna : its good but gets repetitive,1
kingheart oo : the game is super cool and relaxing,1
utkarsh mall : this is very nice game and it is so much relaxing,1
art aguilar : the wings are very smart to put in the game,1
homer slated : this game is like jenova chen's accountant made granny smith with microtransactions.,1
ankush kumar : it's awesome experience i play this game in free time,1
sammyboi : its a tapping ride through the mountains,1
dawn : one of the best games i've ever played!! just love everything,1
xavier kaye : its so calming its just a great game.,1
michele rogers : make it fun and easy,1
a google user : some much fun and a beutiful game,1
mario gencarelli : beautiful game. very relaxing,1
a google user : i want more locations and something extraordinary,1
tom wilson : this game helps me relax. thank you dev!,1
a google user : this game isn't working on the new s10+,1
kabelo mpulapula : good game,1
dami olasoji : ever want to feel peaceful well thus game does just that,1
dalia melodee : i used to play this game on the phones in the stores and now i've found it,1
thetimooffir : this game gave me the expierence i didn't expect to have. thank you,1
damian holmes : full of adverts.,1
gopi ravi : awesome game... with awesome music play.....,1
chukwuma godwin : i just love the graphics of the game,1
zsuzsa arendas : very nicely designed!,1
ralf trepsenishti : very relaxing game and chill game i love it so...5 stars !,1
jk sharma : nice i cant say anithing about it just amazing,1
mary gray : best game ever i play this game soo much i just love soo much.,1
mr. imperfect : totally insane relaxing game i love it!!!?!?!,1
vignesh devadiga : mind blowing game........... it's just owesome..........,1
a google user : incredible,1
smarty boy ashutosh : it is very good game for all the kids i love this game,1
matthew mitchell : good game,1
kalyan krishna : really the game was so good and relaxing,1
sanjay kashyap : nice game but some upgradetion need,1
yash patil : omg i am on the last character i like this game very much!!,1
deepak singh 11a bio : this is dulllu game i dont like this game because it take internet connection,1
sheleah green : it's fun with a little bit of hard,1
matt tvk : cool game but just this one the other alto games are,1
dosney pixear : very nice game great game play very beautiful good job,1
kelden tshering : its magical. just everything. keep it on goin...n developin...^_^,1
jay d. : this game is already great and i'm only a minute into it,1
chris russell : such a beautiful game!! i love it!,1
riley : the zen mode was ok though,1
shabana afroz molla : very relaxing soothing game...,1
sputnik skull : stupid and boring. gameplay is horrendous.,1
finesse hakim : like what is this i downloaded this game two times why does it keep saying install again,1
tronik ss : amazing game beautiful and relaxing,1
a google user : it's relaxing and very nice game .i liked it,1
barath kumar senthil kumar : nice application for relaxation,1
nicholas roberts : game crashes on launch,1
a google user : this is a good game for those who love to go on adventure,1
l : good but it needs improvement,1
ben lobley : love this game really good to chill at night with and relax before bed,1
morris mansour : whats with the forced screen hijacking adds?,0
snuk out : very calm graphics bt editing,1
aryan : absolutely amazing.so chill and beautiful.,1
anjing kurap : vely vely good ma. i found it interesting and so calm. now im in heaven and i can die in peace,1
parbati de : one of my loving games.just awesome. beautiful game,1
achraf : woow this is amazing gamegreat graphic,1
dead yt : this is a really good gamme i loved it this is my favorite game,1
novice entity : good game the producer should develope more games,1
ashutosh singh : this game helps to relax my mind ...,1
packets and jars project : bery good love it so cool i love the graphics too so col dude download this even your even a starter,1
white woof : so hard for me,1
denis tonev : the most amazing game on the app store,1
henlogamers1 henlogamers2 : very fun game and i really recommend playing this,1
shelley siwik : amazing,1
josh beckwith : i'm 50 50 on this. it's a complete rip off of ski safari.,1
ganga samarawickrama : i love the graphics.,1
ziggy goon : it's cool playing music over it is fire,1
august flame : very calm and peaceful,1
_charic_ : great game play it all the time,1
a google user : it's a chill game i recommend it to people that have stress my opinion,0
marcin kotwicki : in my opinion it really is the best game on mobile,1
zia crane : very nice and relaxing and pretty,1
mp op : best game experienced!!!but not better than rayman .... nice game....,1
suchet singh : this is very cool and interesting game i love this game,1
daiwik sujith : this game is so relaxing i will give this game 10/10,1
ifeoma onwunaje : amazing. fun. that's all i have to say,1
kake kaker : play this when you're having a hard time sleeping it hits different man,1
siva parthasarathy : super graphics game,1
18th technology : the best and the most peaceful game i have ever played .,1
james crunden : simple and fun,1
sanjay bhoi : very nice game and i playing amazing like speed game,1
idonthveaname : great game ive played this many times and enjoyed it a lot,1
wezi natan kaonga : stresss free and relaxing game,1
charlene kistasami : this game is so relaxing,1
john dayalan : everything is so good in this game,1
ardhy r fauzan : good game with a good sound,1
chinnu binu : the best game i ever played i have no complanits regarding this game,1
asive nevi : i love it but theres no diffrent stages,1
yogita fultambkar : amazing game. omg even the graphics!!omg good game,1
aurora wheeler : so relaxing!! i absolutely love this game!!,1
mostafa ibrahim : it is the best game for relaxing.,1
abhishek verma : nice game 2 be played ..in free time,1
pixelpixel : great app but it has only one map,1
putera hazim : dude this is my offline game life literally when u play offline no ads and smooth like butter,1
ebin abraham : good game with background music,1
anuj rukhar bunny : really stress relieving game,1
eljs : very fun and very relaxing,1
09.pardha saradhi : coollll game with a mind setting music,1
defaultenz : it's very calming and addictive and no i'm not a robot,1
habibullah saab : nice game it is a best but mission is a best,1
ahmed walker : grafics are so satisfying,1
hassan official : goood story line,1
hloni modipa : i haven't played it yet but i will and it seems amazing sooooooo i'll let you know what i think when i do byeeeeeee,1
qwert lamn : fantaaaaastic and very relaxing game,1
muhammad : i dont play games on my mobile but this game is the only game i downloaded and didn't regret,1
abhishek ghosh : i love the grapics of the game . i am loving it,1
the trend : nice game,1
albawind mactavish-blair : it wont stay opened on my tablet. not sure why,1
rene salazar : if this was any kind of chungus,1
no limits : nice game...i'm loved it nice music...,1
zarmani oo : i love it,1
ak : love both of the alto games.,1
ivan hristov : journey (the game) like experience. well done :),1
champs gayorgor : i rlly love this game this is why i give it 5 star,1
kill3r33 y : so relaxing and fun to play,1
tandin tshering : cool game with good mind controler,1
harish fulara : nice game for being time pass,1
maria ibanez : nothing i can say its perfect keep it up,1
a google user : beautiful game ... my little bro fel in love with it,1
madddie delaney : love it so much,1
dw : loving this! (p/s: install alto's odyssey too !),1
manjuman manju : it is a great game amazing world,1
hamza crack ff : master piece i played it when i was young now kids play roblox and stuff...,1
dr.ofxo08 : it's is a nice adventure game,1
akheel 321 : this is nice game i love so much,1
justinn mahii : love this afdd more musics plzz,1
clifford cabalquinto : this game is so much nice,1
k hari prasath : good adventurous game i love it,1
flower warda : amazing game. it's great. i recommend.,1
sudhanshu : awesome gamee n music is excellent,1
darshan patil : just because i was introduced to a new word.."quaint" i am going to use this one,1
harish 77 : relaxing background and a very good game,1
dinesh kumar : game was awsome,1
madhavan srajan gupta : its amazing. that's all i have to say. worth a try,1
nandhini s : super please add multi player modes,1
candice deloach : this game is really fun you should download it download it right now,1
vaishali kamble : very high quality very nice game,1
mp4 -faz3 : too many adds bruh but the game is fine tho,0
muhammed safvan : best game best graphics,1
ian terry : great game play and very relaxing!,1
martina omambac : this game is so so beatifull because the game is so very use full for me,1
mangal thorve : best soothing game ever what a mood freshner....,1
cp thapliyal : this game is very good for goodyour timing,1
lessandra mistoso : it's so smooth. i like it.,1
mrmanisme channel : was so fun and relaxing,1
siva anbazhagan : absolutely superb game. trust me try it.,1
linas budreika : perfect when you want to relax,1
heber taclob : this offline game is so good,1
ethan : very fun,1
benjun manliguez : the game was so good and challenging.,1
komal sahu : this game is nice but i like alto's oddessy better.,1
janus : nice but boring after a while,0
nifty killer : this very peace game and very cool maaan,1
a google user : i like this game i can play in free time,1
emmanuel darkwah : i like the game very much so i will give it 5 stars,1
sanjai srivastav : this is fantastic game please try this game one more time,1
a google user : a nice game with cool graphics and story,1
nani dude : its so lag! buggy my phone is qnet,1
mona kotia : nice game but in second version more updates are there,1
matthew kiprenko : an amazing game that i don't get tired of,1
kakashi hatake : i am played this game ever since it came out and i still love it to day,1
aly ali : the best just relax and enjoy,1
afreen apulu : rocks are disturbing while playing game,1
veronika welch : so peaceful and entertaining,1
amile bikwana : this is a nice game,1
muhammad salman : i like this game bcz it is very relaxing,1
playday89 : fun game to play in your spare time.,1
pankaj sharma : great music and game play,1
donovan price : fun and relaxing game.,1
arby : best game with a beautiful peaceful sound . in love,1
harsh dhumal : its too relaxing... i love the game,1
a google user : this game is amazing and i love it this. game,1
darkops : why did i even installed this i can't even jump.,1
a google user : very beautiful game for everyone,1
zikra farheen : best offline game ever played,1
a google user : this game is perfect for good souls,1
a google user : i love this game because this game is amazing you must play this game,1
olivia : it was ok it wasn't the best game out there but it wasn't exactly bad.,1
leila dashaeva : it brings me a great nostalgia.,1
achwastaken : best game ever created by noodlecake.,1
angelo baker : the app is grait just so easy which makes it bad so dont get,1
zero two plays : yo i remeber this buying my a30 samsung wow,1
a google user : i thing u should be add some new events ....it is good game,1
hicham abrid : good game for smoking weed and chill,1
mugesh : very exciting and addictive game i love this game,1
muffinn : this is a nice offline game......:-) :-) :-) :-) :-),1
r ashwin : good stress relief game i love it,1
dean peralta : it is a fun food game thats all to say,1
sina eshraghi : i like the game very relaxing,1
gurmeet kaur : i love this game . my mind gets relaxed,1
sogol mohammadi : such beautiful game and i really suggest it,1
iliasse youssef : noting to say about this game its very nice and good gg,1
parmar sonu : good he was a temporary password is the best of luck to you and your family and friends and family and friends and family and friends and i have to do with this one and only takes to do the best way is the first time i was wondering what y la la la la la la la la la potato biscuits to do iwas,1
hlumelo : fun but at times boring,1
sam x : nice game everyone should try it one's,1
lakshmi charan.k : not like among us but best. game in my child hood,1
vinicius florio : the perfect mobile game,1
ngenzeni mdadane : this relaxing and lives up to the description,1
veer sharma : this game is having the best graphics,1
jhonatan kelly lugo garcia : so funny and relax game,1
superytplogan : i just gave this game a five out of one because i just wanted to.,1
akhi rozario : awesome ! thanks for the game devs.,1
hassan nishan : i really love this game,1
suman g : awesome... cool,1
jobbet : it's a fun and relaxing game.,1
connie p. : i don't know what it is about this game but there's something that draws me in again and again.,1
a google user : great game in all aspects,1
elba liliana navas : very calming and fun game,1
i don't remember : such a relaxing game,1
rayan arham arham : the game is amazing i love it,1
srijan : the best relaxing game i have ever played,1
40_niraj _jha : very beautiful game.,1
boban coban : love the game thats all.,1
dan rodrigo : this is not a game,1
saurabh kanungo : nice game and good quality,1
gurusaran guganesan : i is a nice game personally i like it.,1
rupinder saini : nice game and nostalgic,1
mercy darko : this is a very awesome game,1
isaac kamau : best offline game,1
pranesh jayappa : game is full of boring,1
decoy : boring and sleep inducing.,1
lindokuhle zondi : it's awesome game blows my mind,1
baiprincess abdul : great grafiphic and fun,1
sai krishna m : this is sooo calming game !! must try,1
sheuly hassan : this is the one of the best game that i have played,1
aditya sharma : this is only one game in world,1
ashika kumari : very beautiful game,1
glowore : so clam and stress free,1
n shigate : this game is amazing!!!,1
santosh chavan : very relaxing game,1
sarah mwanza : this game is awesome,1
a google user : this is actually very good in my opinion :recomended (),1
shamim 21 : this game is a meditation,1
amanda kenny : good luck with the game,1
muyenga adam : at first i downloaded it then it camceld its self,1
leikune yerga : no explanation for this game,1
ever clips : i have never seen a game like this.,1
utkarsh gupta : thank you developers,1
aziel fainnir : no flipping words...,1
lia ee : it's such a peaceful game. definitely worth it!,1
kunal das : great game in small size,1
a google user : it is fun in all ways,1
limzo rai : very beautifull miusic and game i love thi game...,1
meunim jj : awesome game ,1
ayush kr. singh : this game is full of peace !!!and fun,1
daniel marshall : thank you for making this game it is great,1
aniket kumar sinha : does this game support 90hz or 120hz???,1
s.ibrahim hasan : it isnt downloading for me please tell what to do then i will truly rate it,1
chinonyerem eke : very calming and beautiful game,1
josue alvarez : cool game,1
grayson campbell : enjoyed alto' s odesssey so much i thought i'd give this game a try,1
alain m. : repetitive. too bad you can't kill an elder.,1
jude nino ramacho : very nice game,1
abdiwahid awil : most detailed free game yet,1
leroy rundle : this game is awesome please make more games like this,1
a google user : real fun and its beautiful,1
mohammed razaa : amazing adventure game- addictive,1
samuel landa : best peacful game and awsome adventure recomend playing,1
banumathi krishnamoorthy : the best game i have ever played.the music .,1
michel nouhra : this game is enjoyabl the first 2 days,1
anindita ghosh : ant buttons not working,1
prince gleanne grafe : this game is the best keep up the good work,1
vellocitty official : got bored after 2 minutes of playing,1
aidn : relaxing gameplay.musics are amazing,1
bhupal barman : nice sound effects,1
ella nadine agreda : i really like the game and i enjoy it this is the best game,1
thomas : fun smooth relaxing game,1
sofie april : love this game.,1
harsh mathur : the world's most decently brilliant game!!,1
sahil : i love this game. everyone should play!,1
a google user : it's relaxing awsome music,1
ninfa villegas : this game was so cool and relaxing just rate this game,1
a google user : this game is very interesting &my favourite game,1
abdul rafy khan : this game is good but need more updates!,1
shaikh shadi & shaikh mamun : it is a good and simple game . i like it .,1
mr.majnu_ lucky : i liked this game very.. when i was very bored i will play this game.... im impressed this game,1
re play : my best game ,1
rabi jaweed : this game is very stress relieving,1
a google user : gr8...just a great game played ever..... one of the most pleasant game played ever thanx for such game...,0
subin mj : one of the world's best android game,1
basit baloch : my childhood game still playing,1
jack alix : best game for timepass. .....,1
a google user : i like this game ,1
karan kumar : super game i love game and the character,1
inferno alex : it's nice because you can play fast,1
death.thekid : i love this game ever will be my favorite.,1
sheena slatniske : so fun def download this ap you mite like it to so try it,1
steven jack : battery consuming 2d game,1
desert storm : wonderful bg music and picturesque scenery,1
alwin joy : awesome... it takez... me to somewhere in the game...,1
bharath h r : same old concept of racing,1
amit agarwal : wee can enjoy different from weather,1
charles smith : really fun offline game would buy,1
ranik debta : for time pass it is a quite better game,1
farzana hasan : entertaining and addictive game,1
ivwon rezborn : okay,1
ashleexry : nice and relaxing.,1
ristering botherer : one of the best run forever games,1
kris cannon : love these. colors are awsome.,1
yudi oskar : its calm and pleasent ......really liked it,1
marc denver belga : i'll just download it right now soh i might play this game to know how addictive is this,1
sanjay mhaske : best game for free time,1
prateek tode : only for the zen mode...pure bliss,1
d. blaze : love everything about this game. you nailed it developers!,1
aries : really good game and quite addictive,1
silver shadow : the games is so freaking awesome i love it,1
jhon dave asis : i enjoy playing this game,1
chucky : this is the best game ever!!!! it's my favorite game.,1
l'amant : great game for the music,1
imad ahmad : one of the best games i have played on mobile,1
a google user : it is a good game you should all play but,1
mr zayn gaming : when you are upset then play this game it will give u relief from the bad thoughts and you will better,1
a google user : true adventure,1
shemanta sarker hridoy : nice game it's music also nice,1
tushar kumar : its very good grapics game amazing game please improve the game,1
raphael : one of the best games on the google play store!,1
wucky : the most calming game i've ever played. i love it,1
phillip wein : very calming and decent fun,1
snayq : i'm completed all of game. it's avesome.,1
afaroj kamal life style and goal : it's high graphic game,1
subir majumder : i'm really liking this game. its super enioying,1
a google user : good 30seacond just to download,1
ameer suhail a : it is more than just a game... loved it...,1
shivam agnihotri : nice game...very light weighted,1
domenic calabrese : beautiful and relaxing,1
joidi aboalnasser : it is a relaxing game and it is very nice.,1
a google user : this game is epic check out altos odessey too thats also good,1
a google user : love this game and it is just great!!!!,1
diana lopez : this is great man never thought this game exist now it does lmao wut u made is rlly rlly rlly good game for u wen ur bored or something like that lmao,1
royalwolf : i had to clear 300mb of data for a 53mb game :/,1
gregie m. : unfortunately obstacles coming too soon.,1
geeta khiani : this game is very good because it is and old game. and that's why it is very good,1
carl joshua arocha : love it the game itself is amazing,1
naruto uzamaki : i haven't played it yet but i will let you know i think its fun,1
leojeth costales : very nice game,1
sam sowechai : the best game ever seen,1
a google user : i like the games that are silent love this game its good good,1
priyam : map and music should be more,1
anima mondal : this game has beautiful music,1
yusuf w : this game is boring after a long time.,0
malay mayur : grapic op but the game not bad heavy,0
a google user : awesome relaxing coolfun!!!!,1
devananda n s : nice game and so relaxing game if anyone what's to sleep so fast plz play this game,1
mr. shrimp : i love how you can feel the great experience of alto,1
prakash shine : perfect smooth game,1
venu gopal swagath : its a good game all i ever played and i enjoyed a lot,1
susan roy : awesome game the alto's odissey also a wanderful game,1
adila : peaceful and relaxing,1
keen amir mabalena : is really fun 10/10 game yes yes,1
tanyeem fatma : it is a very good game to pass your time,1
soccer arena : great game download it and enjoy for yourselves,1
zish 58 : this game is my favorite moblie game i have ever played,1
kiran b : best app to relax your mind,1
gaming lover : nobody can say anuthing bad about this game because this game is awesome,1
nubble muffs : okay wish there was more terrain variety,1
samiksha sakhuja : it is good but not better than alto's odessey,1
kavita nandal : this is a awesome game in the world i love it,1
matthew saul : zen,1
oshima jean : i like it,1
kristal : this game is so relaxing i love it!!!!,1
stephen fernandes : beautiful and calming,1
uzair raza : no colurs or variety of landscapes,1
chrysovalantis andriotis : zero stars for your super intrusive adds on every run. cya,0
aditya saxena : it's a nice timepass game,1
amine channel : peaceful and entertain,1
youssef victor : do not download the game !!!!! your gonna delete it after 1h,1
alex corrie : love team alto i have altos odysea and wippy awsome games,1
shaurya verma : too many in game cash transactions.,1
a google user : best game ever played relaxing and fun,1
empty wallet : this game can cure depression,1
ahmad umatkhan : it's the opposite of worst cool skating,1
diptarghya ghosh : thank you! for this amazing experience. thank you!,1
lux de gray : great but i prefer the odyssey ver.,1
a google user : it is wonderful game you can download it,1
gavin hinton : fun to pass the time by,1
a google user : one word to describe this game is kool i know i spelled that wrong it was intended,1
braiden farnham : very relaxing,1
gvr yt gaming : good game and i have played it with one hand,1
miguel lobo : very addictive and beautiful game,1
avn teja : i love the soothing background music,1
mc angel : this game is awesome.. best game in my life soon ill install altos odyssey,1
asif iqbal : great satisfaction by playing the game,1
sohan ;-] : i love it man what a game u created i i was a rich man i would give u happily 100000000000000000000000 bitcoins man . really relaxing sound. <3 from india,1
mehul bhanushali : thousands guidelines .. one should play or see your games useless guidelines,1
mr wholikesgames : the best game! also,1
sandip paul : guys please do an ocean version. it will be great.,1
anudeep teegala : this game is so pleasant and peaceful!!,1
christine tsarnas : this in an ad watching game,1
samuel hepworth : this is the same as alto's odyssey so what is the point of it,1
a google user : it was super fun! 10/10,1
proumeitulauaiotoussiscetion : this is the best game you can get on mobile,1
rv bhatia : i love this game because it is a great time killer,1
suraj gamer 006 : this game sound is awesome,1
a google user : very much superb game in the world,1
kashish pahadia : good game relaxing music,1
a very scared owlbear : what can i really say this game is beautiful,1
naman singh : this game is so op when i have been played it i was feeling so good,1
juan garcia : i love this game so much and the sound,1
david johnson : pretty fun and peaceful,1
a google user : one of the best adventure game i have played,1
bryan lee : fun game to play wif one finger,1
arianna repar : beautiful. very few deaths felt unfair.,1
local stranger : quite a nice change of pace,1
joe : i love the game its very fluid,1
gean raz : just very peaceful and amazing great game,1
ronald fogle : this game is fun and relaxing.,1
soroush lotfi : very amusing and beautiful,1
ahmed kader : best game on the whole planet,1
eftekhar rishan : wow. so addictive and relaxing,1
luckymoon : love this game. it's soo calming.,1
t o m : this is good game and its full of relaxation nice,1
muhammadhi musheeruddin : best game i have ever played. good work.,1
ra lfy : the soundtrack takes you to a different world..,1
kevork ovayan : i kind a liked it it's not great but its pretty good,1
shadow beast : really this game is masterpiece loved it,1
amirhosein kh : the best android game i've ever tried,1
sekh nurudin : this game is best and better than lormal games i will give 10stars,1
adithya raj : this is a good game. mind relaxing,1
ava star : it as a nice relaxing game i love it,1
gaminggirl 2006 : very nice and entertaining :),1
andrei banu : i played this while waiting for alto's oddysey to install,1
dylan : it's good but a little boring,1
sourav bhongade : it's the most peaceful game i ever played,1
jai'vyon thornton : when i play i can't jump.,1
jory alkalouty : i like this game it have so many details,1
singray samad 275 : nice game for mood,1
syeda naqvi : i love this gime in every winter,1
rudra kumar gupta : good then subway surfers,1
paige baker : i've played this game scene i was about 7 its the best,1
william cool : good game just relaxing.,1
cueva trisha : it's awesome i enjoy playing it,1
rajeena sonichen : i see this app in 2018 so i searched then in 2022 i get,1
diptanu debnath : haven't seen such a soothing game ..... just loved it,1
flexhaug preece : ptsd and aback injury..this is a way to rip.,1
theo&joe : its sooooooo fun just try it,1
nirjharneel maity : the game's a masterclass.,1
john henrich alcala : i love this game it reminds me of her,1
steefanto samson : got to just love that game..,1
darin varghese : the game not we needed but we wanted.,1
savita bhosale : very nice game. i love it.,1
ind lofimix : satisfying music in this game,1
akshar vijay : this relieves stress,1
diablo waz taken : another indie masterpiece!!!,1
narendra jay : love the bgm and graphics,1
johnmark arco : i wish you add infinite mode,1
daniel cojocariu : super chill and fun.,1
daniel owens : the rocks are trick,1
hobson kids : this game is the worst thing i have ever experienced,1
rachna upadhyay : this is very nice game,1
raghuveer raghuveer : my best relaxing experience game ever,1
katie hillman : me love this game so much!,1
rozaan zane : i'm fell asleep while playing this game,1
yuna ramos : i play this when i wanna calm down :d,1
n. arefin nabil : do you want to waste your time? then play this game.,1
lavaender style : i lose it every time try ur skill,1
nomad by heart : i haven't played yet but it's nice,1
pranav ss's coding tutorials and more!! : best chill game ever!!,1
david odorcic : hello! do you guys know what the world record is?? i might be up for the challenge. thank you for your time.,1
tabasum sayaad : this game so beautiful,1
luketheunfunny : its nice and looks cool,1
mannu thakur : this game is so awesome,1
marius : ski safari on nvidia and with annoying mechanics,1
welson caroline : this game is awesome,1
nartulga erulan : this game is very good,1
carolyn gillians : great game live it best game to me. game lite.,1
gjian mendoza : best game to relax,1
iam coolrohit : that's a really app and game,1
vuppari satwik : good but got boring soon,1
debatra das : i just love this game,1
kim stocking : this game is the best,1
tinotenda jaravaza : this thing is awesome,1
legendary gabriel : what can i say it's pretty poggy,1
franco cuaresma : one of the relaxing game,1
gene hugo : would be better if there is less transactions,1
wiskothu : i really love this game,1
prabhat singh : i love this game it's so good and very good condition,1
jeremy jeremias : an incredibly amazing pirce of art,1
dudyala srujna : its an awful game and its bgm is so relaxing,1
caius miles : i love this game so peaceful and perfect,1
a google user : this game is very annoying,1
fang the loner : very peaceful and fun,1
jayne gomez : it's a really good game,1
silvano kabangla : good game like the sound,1
chamitha nilupul : new updates for version for beautiful,1
khumo matshate : most calm,1
cj : it helps me to overcome depression.... tnx,1
a google user : nice relaxing thx for making a good game now i play the oddysey version,1
ed 0789 : it is a very fun game.i recommend it.,1
srimaa studio : nothing.. just a simple boring game,1
muhammad al rasyid : just bought the premium and love it,1
marcelo rojas : it's the best game and it's so relaxing.,1
midnoon films : this is awesome! see it yourself.,1
sabir ali : very beautiful game and nice game try this,1
atra fire : this games back ground releves my stress here,1
roman jigunchin : great and simple,1
a google user : so cool thank you ,1
samuel roberts : i don't think i've ever loved a game so much as this one.,1
rajeswari vinod : the best offline game everrrr,1
tyree beliso : overall its a pretty fun game,1
raad batarseh : i love this app alto's adventure nice app,1
autumn : calming and fun:)),1
saad shaikh : its amazing,1
bharatendu dixit : yes rough and tough game good,1
subrahmanyam gangadharabhatla : the best thing is the background music,1
mahit agarwal : nice like subway surfers,1
josiah prokopovich : this game is the best becaus i never get bored playing this game,1
46 vb unnatee powar : nothing can compare the backgrounds of this game. aw---------so-----------me,1
angel : this game is amazing. 10/10,1
hat mat : i love it so much this game make me relax,1
emanuel g : it's a fun and relaxing game,1
himansh gamer : i am playing this game when i was 8 years old till now 13 y old,1
eric hedengren : easily one of the best games of all time,1
ara ara : to many ads(),1
hemkesh saini : most relaxing game,1
sinchan : best sound effects.,1
kartikaye : great music great everything,1
rubaet islam : this is one of the best mobile games i've ever played.,1
mars aries : don't look at negative reviews... just download it thats so fun playing this game.,1
mythicc : it's a nice game to pass time,1
philimon waiti : i give this game a one star because the game is hard,1
reckless heir : idk why this game is rated so high robot unicorn attack rip off and robot unicorn is way better...,1
rylee morrison : it is a fun relaxing game,1
mark p : 1 star for forced ads.,1
mina maged : omg! so smooth & relaxing !,1
sabrina kaka : doesn't let u play i gave it one star because it was my favourite game,1
cindy joy gella : so relaxing game so cool thanks,1
a google user : hard and easy way,1
silly plays : thank you to this game ive never seen a game like this,1
anshul mourya : this so satisfied game ever,1
cormac o'shea : great game thats it,1
aarish ansari : most relaxing game on playstore,1
tanay ghirnikar : one of the best games i have ever played,1
suji dharsh : it's not nice there is no adventure in the game,1
l l i a : it's really relaxing,1
ajzbbdbdhdbvdneo!!!!!?mparo murilloghzhzhzhjzdu : satisfied with the game,1
kevin gallagher : game wont start one's downloadedt i have the oddysay game and that woks fine,1
sachin tadas : best game in the whole world,1
just a greek internet user : just another "go as far as you can" game,0
deva don : its really superb entertaining!,1
tajuad forbes harding : best game ever you should download it,1
wildwhitefangx_yt : it's so relaxing and recommend,1
vadim shepel : i love this game so much its a amazing game,1
guillermo gonzalez : one of the best games i've ever played. i love it!!,1
marc june rodrigo : very relaxing and a good game,1
king daniel : this game is exceptional. one word for it omg,1
levi moravek : worst most annoying game i've ever played,1
rahul tamang : i played this game when i'm 12 years now i'm 13 years hahahahahahh,1
a google user : best game ever when i play this game i feel so good,1
the robotmoth : awesome addictive fun,1
abood alhindi : exiting game i have so much fun with it,1
justin : music of this game is so relaxing,1
mohit kumar : i love this game im maximum time to.playing..,1
rajeev geryani : this is a horrible game and i dislike it a lot.,1
kesani sai charan : super game i and my sir will play so interesting game,1
a google user : fun and relaxing,1
brandon seeward : the game is very cool and fun,1
a google user : its a good game i like it from the time i sawed it,1
yashas garg : the best game i have ever played,1
amogh nirgude : i am loving its background music more and more,1
cristal floris : this game is awesome in every sigle time i play,1
a google user : very nice game you must download it,1
master studiosno1 : very relaxing i really love it,1
akshat mittal : a great game for time pass,1
george o. : very nice and enjoyable game,1
6hearts : all i have to say is..... very boring in my opinion,0
antonio solombela : its been a while since i played this game i absolutly love it,1
shourya srivastava : best and beautiful game ever thought of,1
balasaheb kulkarni : very nice and relaxing,1
kable 3 : mf shows ad and doesn't revive me back. -_-,1
ashley clinton : most peaceful and satisfactory game,1
gobinda paul : it is a very very nice game and music is very nice,1
damian abel : my brother downloaded the game it is a fun game,1
sean fleming : very boring. did nothing for me.,1
crimson_playzxx : my big bro sucks playing this game and im good at it im a girl so dont bully just because this is for boys im 7 btw,1
a google user : it is an adventure game but no lvlssss,1
sanghamitra kar : very nice game. really liked it,1
nnamdi opara : i love this game it makes me feel calm,1
black hawk : so pleasuring and relaxing,1
mauro maurer : i got saved my progress in my gmail but they deleted it.,1
a google user : amazing sound music,1
fist daddy : god bless you! i wish you will create the best chili game ever in some future haribol,1
aidy omar : the good thing is the atmosphere of the game.,1
my family : pierre and miquelon albania andorra austria belarus belgium shah the original email to see you soon i will be using the original email to you with the original email to you be using the original email can vvpuram bangalore india the y i am not sure what is your thoughts and prayers be be using the intended addressee you may be the best the intended have a great day what you think you can do be using the original email to the intended r,0
pramud kr mahatta : this game is best for time pass,1
karan medhi : most relaxing game i've ever played.,1
umer ansari : this is the best game and i choose the 5 stars,1
mellanie yowela : the best game to play if i wanted to relax,1
hunter stout : best game on the play store,1
bino zina : i have no words all that i can say is that i extremely lovee this game,1
himel chandra roy : sound!! loved it!!!,1
kirai j. : its so good and relaxing,1
nishant kumar : best offline gaming application...,1
nodo kovziridze : this is a very relaxing game!!!,1
don bosco : it a great experience.i think everyone should experience it,1
aneesha singh_ : ahh soo amazing,1
steve culverwell : another cut and paste cookie cutter of hold jump collect this boring,1
yike : this is such a great game to comfort yourself,1
ivan c. tecan : the best game for my estres,1
rickson nkulu m l : nice game but gets boring,1
sunny soni : its just awesome top notch experience,1
rkesh gupta : very good game in the world,1
istrue : just fun to play if you have nothing to do.,1
angel campbell : i like that you put so much stuf like the raindere,1
neeharika neeharika : ya nice game guys bt simply going on is boring,1
mya buffalo-zarazua : fun and thrilling.,1
parna kanjilal : best background i ever saw.,1
theuns terblanche : it's a very good game.,1
hero zero : when im kid im alone aut side wher poor that time now wer normal but its sad we always say goodbye be cuz its time to go outside im now alown,0
hasan batcha 786 : wonderful game i like the music,1
ayan yt : this game is so cool and lite game . i love this game,1
rupal : its sooo poggers game its very calm.,1
nasra farah : i did't play it yet but by the comments i think it will be awesome,1
clint hulbert : i love this game but it gets boring,1
prasun bagdi : it's boring,1
tehira howe : best offline relax game,1
20--1-1 : so beautiful... it makes me be happy.,1
vishnu sd : nice game play super music,1
yoshijo : the closest thing you'll ever get to a perfect game,1
jonathan pereira : gud way of relieving stress,1
sameeksha diary thoughts : very nice and very interesting,1
player_ name : it's a game worth playing unlike others,1
bryan s : something just to relax and enjoy,1
jason amaduobogha : it's incredibly good.,1
a google user : wow superb this game in the world and best game in the playstore,1
rupankar mitra : love this game,1
tulasi konakalla : super game bro i have searching fo r nearly of ayear for like this game,1
ayan godlike : awesome and just awesome .,1
el deybid : one of the best mobile games i ever played,1
a google user : nice an fantastic game sawn in my life thanks,1
kyle rice : wait a minute i'm confused why is this game free it's soo good,1
salala mobiles : super village and good music,1
shweta srivastava : quite boring with same things happening,1
shiny antony : nice game i like it very much ......superrr.....,1
benjamin o'toole : awesome game,1
tulu madlipz : awesome relaxing arcade adult game,1
yesha nicole : this game is so cool and i spend the hole day playing,1
shannon egglestone : i love this game its so fun,1
a google user : nice game thanks for updating :-) :-) :-),1
ahmad shamardal : one word,1
njbearmc : one of the best games i have played and the nastalga is insane,1
alabi emmanuel : a good and very interesting game,1
rahul yadav : this games background saund is god an prasnly like this game,1
joe : this game just helps you calm down sometimes,1
hunter bennett : i love it i play it every day,1
xeviers axe : well! this game has a good features...,1
shivansh pathak : good ,1
gabrielle henkel : this game is so relaxing and fun!,1
ew studios : fun and relaxing game 5/5,1
a google user : it is a bore game dont time west,1
daniel : great game for relaxing,1
pro player : very very good game i like and download this game,1
radha singh : i don't know why but i love playing it,1
amanda eichenfels : a very put together game with virtually no gliches,1
heba moharram : i like alto but if there was one that's first person best game,1
eric john grande : i love this game,1
able anil chandy : the game is so calming . zen mode,1
jaskaran singh : another alto game please i'm in love with this game,1
1229_khuvaish : 'best' is the only word coming to my mind.,1
swarup chakraborty : been playing thos game for over2 yrs...it is a good...,1
a google user : it really a awesome game. i love .,1
jade igasyo : it's calming and fun!,1
deshawn hoyte : such a calm,1
vikas : simple but tricky,1
minecraft rezerwat : i love this game,1
hello its me : this game is dope!! i really love it.,1
tommie wallace : it's so interesting and fun,1
bernard mwange : really fun and adictive game,1
a google user : i love this game. it's very relaxing !,1
pancham das : ioveit plz try the most enjoy the game plz love it,1
soumik bhattacharjee : hi the game is very good and enjoying game,1
sewingchicken18 : i love the graphics,1
vignesh vicky : very nice and music,1
a google user : its a very good game good job,1
dip in salsa : i love this game so much thx for doing this game,1
rudraksh sharma : its not downloading on my htc android??????,1
rahul parmar : good game but auto game,1
kirk robert : game crash sometimes,1
carlo cossham : massive rip off of another game,1
sanil gk : this games gives me 120fps but odessy doesn't ....,1
henry haley : i always loved this game and still do,1
carlos velasquez : loved this one since the beginning & the following adventure,1
rabi shaw : whenever i boredom my life i play this game .,1
karthick ganesan : one of the best game,1
devraj bauri : best game for mind peace.,1
osita kuku : this game is aswm game music r relaxing,1
snehashish : this is good game for time pass,1
yash malik114 : amazing experience most satisfying,1
faran haider : poor game waste of time,1
phyllis osekre : awesome game,1
just aq : relaxing....nothing to say giving it 5 star for relaxed game which i need,1
hussain hussain : nice but it have only one mode,1
butros mansour : money milking app sooooooo much adds!!!,1
alex martinez : awesome and relaxing,1
a google user : it is great you should get this game,1
roman jod : relaxing endless runner with beautiful artwork.,1
grygoriy klymchuk : awesome. one of the best games out there.,1
kim rse bp : i didn't use it yet but i sure about that the game is fire,1
poi : i honestly perfer this one over odessey. for reasons. thought their both great,1
sandhya singh : it best it downloading after it i send more best,1
norma garcia : awesome so awesome i can't explain,1
08. fayyaza shahrinda aqila mamoto : really love this game! :),1
georgi j. pacheco : its awsome about the charcters and there ablitys,1
satish yadav : please do not download this game waste of time game,1
nash lang : got to give it to them this game is great,1
otheredgar : lovin' this one. such an awesome game.,1
coffee cat : basic and brilliant...,1
abhishek iyer : can't sign in to google,1
mainmadness : very chill and very relaxing,1
sanjay bala : because the season changes in the game,1
avalene abboud : i am uninstalling until the devs bring back the endless wingsuit!!! boycott alto's!!!,1
cherry cj : love everything about this game,1
dustin tisdale : very amazing and fun game,1
alexnkaz kazzie : i played this on my mom's friends phone a dicing i love itttttt,1
horse lovers rival stars : it is cold i wish it had more maps,1
6bbytrece : the game jus fun thts y i pick 5,1
paandittya tm : i had no reason to continue playing after 10 minutes.,1
a google user : this is an awesome game i say that and i'm violent,1
kiyotaka ayanokoji : the graphic are peaceful,1
a google user : this game is amazing so i like the game,1
shobe : hundred percent i love this game also altos odessy is great,1
raj kumar : i love the music. i love this game,1
rifat hossain : i love this game,1
sidhu kinda : i love this game,1
lethu mzobe : it's very good and i really like the game,1
takeme_baby : best game in 2020 ... corona,1
zack tcs : this game wont let me jump this game is garbage,1
leonid khomenko : "pick up 4 coin magnets in one run" doesn't work if one plays for felipe / tupa,1
jane ng : it is a really calming game.,1
chris cutler : inconsistent and disallows freedom of play,1
tanmay bhatt : don't download this game ,1
llama kid llama : i love the game i am 9. and i love llamas,1
ruhi siddiqui : this game is very interesting so then i give 5satar,1
busisiwe maduna : a nice and relaxing game,1
a google user : relaxing yet exciting it's awesome,1
royal enterprises : i love this game we play this game without net,1
sirrainbowtoast : beuitiful game,1
vignesh c : the most relaxing game so far,1
oirionman : very addictive game!,1
kinoko gaming692 : it is so hard to flip,1
melvin saji samuel : not good to play like this,1
k r y p t : yeah i'm good and i have no idea how long i play the game,1
james mulhern : it's a game i love i had it for years,1
will : i like to eat pidgens but i don't want to be a communist,1
syed husayn : great relaxing game to play,1
selin doga orhan : nice and relaxing game,1
laura fehres : fun and relaxing,1
pramod rajbanshi : i liked the game . waiting for new update.,1
ajmal m : music is very nice,1
joy swaraj : i like the music of this game and this game in the world,1
jay anthony salinas : nice app and relaxing,1
alex theprototype : it's the most relaxing game i've ever played,1
sapna pandey : alto ad 9 was where,1
banana taco! : come back here,1
lizard love13 : i love this game,1
hircine : this game makes me mad he didnt jump when i pressed to he flips to slow and you can never gain enough speed,0
styvyn l.s. : it's so good and so satisfying,1
sarjana saroj : amazing and soothing........,1
kyoushii kokori : this game its just so beautiful omfg,1
a google user : love it subcribe to star blazer 111 to see gameplay,1
zameer zaad : literally the most calm game ever made,1
konrad : very nice little game,1
annika koh : amazing app i'll give this 5 stars :),1
unknown artist : this game is the best,1
xyz xyz : music of this game is amzing thank you for this game,1
a google user : love it! recommended by a friend,1
louisa c : straight forward game,1
satella : very cool and calmimg,1
wildelys martinez : its a very good and fun game .,1
cutestutes : i have played this game since 2016 and it's my favorite,1
reddipalli ramarao : thank you sir for inventing this game,1
gabriel alejo : this game help ceep u calm and its fun,1
agustdbae_suga : really relaxing game!,1
cosmos mcdan : nice game...... had so much fun,1
preksha gore : it's just perfect it's too good,1
daniel jay migano : this is very nice game and i've had a lot of fun.,1
midhun goutham m : nostalgic and a stunning game.....,1
ruhi fatima : the graphics are bomb,1
ojas batra : relaxing and fun to play,1
punnya kherwal : this is very superb game fabulous fantastic,1
patrise welch : i love the graphics,1
music container : the game is really fantastic,1
ramadevi saripilli : awesome cool and relaxing,1
dinesh kumar : you can turn even the hulk into a gurgling baby with this game,1
sampada acharya : fabulous game i love playing it,1
goodbyeninja 1 : this game is so calming sutch as the other alto game noodlecake made you guys sould be proud,1
dadouha honoratpointdujour : this game's awsome it's the best game i've played in my life.,1
sara njm : this game is very good and relexsing,1
amir tamang : this game is being my best offline game ever,1
bhrasta chari : i love the music of this game,1
enderthechickentender : such a good game would recommend to anyone,1
ananth k : nizz game ..very smooth game,1
jon oncenes : this is the most addictive game i ever played,1
abdelrahman ali : fun and relaxing,1
abida shafiq : yes iam lucky wow is the game very good iam show iam sure very good,1
sunitha ka : while playing this game it's so calming,1
amrish gamer : nice ost and visuals,1
juhi umair : very nice and intresting game,1
a google user : this is "ski safari" without riding animals.,1
legend gaming : because my favorite game i love this game because this game intrest,1
islam aboalazm : the best relaxing game ever,1
arjun jaisurya : awesom must every should try it!!!!!,1
grizzly x10 : music is so calming,1
suimei panmei : i want to meet friend i feel sad alto is alone he is lonely when he fall,1
neeraj raj : awesome game very addictive,1
em valencia : its cool and fun.,1
putera rayyan : this game is my favourite game forever....,1
ayren nichols : really cool but kinda boring,1
ihazcatz meoe : best game,1
manny cartagena : this game is very fun great,1
a google user : it was awesome,1
radhakrishna k : it is super game i am very fan of this game you most try,1
amaara gamieldien : nice game who ever made this game is boss,1
32 sai charan koppineedi : it is a nice game and it a relaxing game,1
demetre totladze : personally i just don't like the game,1
sara njeri : it's good game and very nice you should make more,1
yoga raj : awesome game...i loved it..,1
caroline pflieger : i have played it before and it is fun,1
vineet bhatia : the best game ever period.,1
shivam kansal : a journey of great calmness,1
yk rao 2020 : nice game very relaxing,1
arjun gupta : excellent game,1
suryanil dey : really nice game worth a try,1
vp fam : great game,1
sankalp singh vishen : wishlisted; it's one of the best.,1
rene palomar : its very entertaining.,1
ethan snider : it is a good game it makws me fall asleep,1
omar abdullah khalid : extremely awesome game i had ever play,1
myles johnson : freaking love this game totally recommend!,1
romeo villegas : love this game i've been playing it since it first came out,1
ralph anton : the snowboarder is to small for my eyes,1
t : it is verry awsome game for childrns all,1
ferida knezev : it is fun and good get it,1
harsh raj : awesome and calming,1
jepoy estrada : it is the best game the graphics are the best,1
vi tch : awesome and endlesss game.....that i ever played.....,1
assameseechi 69 : very relaxing game.,1
arekusu kun : the best offline game,1
kadidy sodium : its really a nice game i love it,1
g matthew : best soothing game ever!!!,1
adeeb siddiqui : music!!!!! i love the music,1
chibike : its perfect wont change a thing,1
akshay khatri : its very good gamewow very good game is it wow,1
gokul raja 15 : it's changing my mood.i love it.,1
rohan chavan : relaxing game great game must download,1
mary rose basas : wow just wow! it's like "love at first play!",1
jacob emery : where did gamepad support go?,1
olive : so fun and i dont need wifi!,1
pyae phyo aung : it is just a game alright. thanks.,1
suman ghosh : simple and good game,1
jubair ahmed : nice,1
mcneely schami : this game is very fun,1
sumith bandara wijekoon : i didn't expect this kind of a game . this is perfect,1
mubashir : best relief for sick persons!... :-),1
bryan medina : its so good for a game thats only 2d,1
shraddha hiremath : hmmm.very good game it was fun playing,1
acey : the game is so beautiful,1
masterrider23 tevin : one of the best gamers i have ever played,1
no thing : oh f#!k this is such a cool game any of you losers want a good game here it is b!#$*es,1
debi mallick : so beautiful and refresh your mind,1
mamatha p : this is very good game i like it very very much,1
sandeep kaur : works offline and thats what i need,1
rehan rasheed : excellent game. thank you,1
pratik kalsariya : adventurous.. simply amazing,1
chloe thomas : so relaxing and fun,1
gath : i luv this game but more to the oddysey one:>,1
saraswati jaiswal : it has now become my favourite game.,1
ridwan khan : this app is really good.i love to play it.,1
satnam singh : most relaxing game i have ever played,1
divine619 devil : good for relaxation,1
akashreddy syamala : i play this game for that music!,1
barbu marian : one of my favorites all time...,1
mr_bruh7120 : it's a good game for when you have nothing to do,1
ethan simbajon : i love this game beacuse ther are mountain,1
typicgragon : great game relaxing fun,1
fikret aras : please remove ads.,1
a google user : download this game. such a good game,1
krish kansara : great game. simple yet good,1
tasnim fatema : the best relaxing game!!,1
mrithulnathkannan mrithulnathkannan : super game very very very cool,1
cool people : the best game i have ever played,1
lokesh waran : is this game is very addictive game,1
a google user : very mind free game relaxing at home,1
flora john : the best and beautiful game ever,1
kayleigh johnston : i think its a really calming game,1
a google user : east or west alto is the best (excellent),1
aminur rahman : you may knowbme from 3 yrs ago just wanna say nice updatw,1
saracen govender : just absolutely beautiful,1
jainandini malhotra : best game in the world!!!!,1
daisy : it's an amazing game. i love it,1
bekir umit dogrusoyler : i wish there were no stones in zen mode,1
chandru mallesh : worlds best peice game makes the mind fresh,1
akumu : reall fun. its a good time killer,1
kasanga kabaso : i love this game so addictive,1
devi lekshmi s : this is the best endless game ever,1
mansi sharma : aap log isko na download kare balki god of war download kare in android with psp app and zarchive app thanks,1
nico nicolosi : incredible!! my favourite game!!,1
a google user : i love this game good gameplay,1
bindu hariharan : one of the best games,1
secret stone : this is very relaxing game,1
ribat slb : good for people can't stay still while pooping,1
mr. khan : every thing about this game is best.,1
painless zm : good game to pass the time.,1
kshitij sharma : good copy of moon chaser.,1
rabia roussoulle : fun experience it really calmed me down,1
linesh poojari : this game is really awesome...,1
bushara bushara : this is a good game i really like this game,1
ruth wamuca : relaxing and fun.,1
max joseph : so funn this is my comfort game littrally,1
a google user : those games is very amazing,1
pramila vadlapudi : the game is simply a wonder,1
sachin mittal : very good and exciting game.,1
qhayiya mnyameni : its a very interesting game,1
rejoy digal : very nice game nice everything,1
primalshepard : never got good at it that's why i don't wanna waste my time on it.,1
joseph beckett : love the background and music,1
nikanim : this game is a true masterpiece,1
gamer zone : very best game i like it download it fast,1
a google user : very massive game i love it,1
gaming youtuber : marvelous it was an amazing game,1
smart nishanth : bgm was so nice and beautiful,1
srijan pandey : amazing game . loved it,1
ayush kumar : most beautiful game i every played,1
cooper woods : awesome and calming,1
last pirate : one of my favorite games thank u,1
master .0007 : nice game and enjoyable,1
nop : it very good game and go watch hentai,1
jaymar fermin : its a good game and i love it so much,1
srinath : decrease level to get character,1
wennie wong : i have been playing this app is so much fun.,1
mango -tube : nice game.easy control.love it,1
musical myranda : love this game so much,1
raval raj : mind blowing game it's amazing,1
bro z : an awesome relaxing game,1
kingslayer killer : this is a great game to calm down,1
bam bam : i like to use the ladder gun and kill the zambies,1
matteo ronchetti : this game is a piece of art,1
barbara hunsucker : i had a care good experience with this game,1
debian: : minimal and beautiful,1
vinay gamer : very worst game i have ever player,1
michael karlin : great start phone game,1
naushad alam : music is very goood,1
a google user : i think it is graet make more please,1
yr : really cool game,1
r.s trance : i like this game ,1
vrushali tondapurkar : amazing a must have game,1
man mohan : full time pas n full of ceriocity,1
raad gaming channel : love the game it is sooooo good,1
jaya shree : the best game i've played. highly recommended,1
grow pot g hindi gaming : its nice game so gave this game 3 star,1
jubril akintola : the game is very interesting,1
like a star : most beautiful game i have ever played,1
caleb ables : just a dumb idea of a game very dumb,1
anshul sengupta x b roll no- 25 : everything is awesome about alto's adventure,1
s'dario septim ist : well i love this game because the llama a.k.a. -> fortnite fan <- i love fortnite too lol,1
a google user : 4 and a half stars nice game!,1
yashwant satre : very good game i haven't played in the all game,1
eric mubarak : 3 stars for poor visibility,1
rahul singla : undoubtedly the best. want next part please,1
sushim das : its a good game to chill mood,1
n sultana : this game is beautiful,1
virginia oliviel : this game is good five stars,1
p arun gamer : this is a very very nice game,1
harieswar b : this game is very enjoyment,1
candy white : best of perfection ( sound )...,1
action cutzz : good for relaxation,1
utpal baruah : it's not just a game...it's emotion,1
michael uchiha : its peaceful... it helps me relax...,1
thahira azeez : this game is super but not good,1
vishnu deepak : best game for relaxation,1
evan cirbo : it good and relaxing,1
mehmet ali metin : best way to chill after a long day,0
xbox and vlogs channel : this game was played wery nice,1
gabriel zaragoza : the art of it is the best i've ever seen. i'm in love,1
sk aman : the best game i have ever had seen in my life,1
vansh thacker : one of the nice game i had ever played,1
cameron ulrich : for no adds it's fine,1
anime lab : this game is good but not very good,1
e so dar o play : one of the best games ever!!,1
vsanjay sanjay : i am playing this game for mind relaxing...,1
eli warbly : inarguably the best of its kind,1
jumaane moore : awesome gametry there other game chameleon run!!!,1
zaid gamer : nice game i loved it so much,1
kohinoor akther : i like the game so so so much,1
manoj gowda : this game best than odyssey game,1
a google user : awesome mobile game ever,1
sean cantlini : saddly game will not open on my s10 +,1
adith sankar : its realy bad dont wast your time and network,1
karthik keyan : this game is the type of am emotion,1
puppet master : relaxing game,1
dex : good game to kill time,1
maciej chmiest : beautiful and pleasurable <3,1
a google user : amazing soothing soundplay,1
a google user : amazing all the way,1
naveen star : brilliant! i play every day...,1
damian oleksiuk : fantastic. chill. exciting. everything.,1
prabhakar singh : good and simple,1
a google user : its nice game and very enjoyful,1
ryan hutchins : this is the best game ever!,1
single love squad : i love this game most popular game,1
mohammad vafakish : it's fine ,1
prasad kadale : awesome relaxing game,1
danielle asbury : its a peaceful calming game,1
pampa das : awesome beautiful game ever,1
snow and rain : i mean if u want to wayse your life on a game this is the one lol,1
ankit gorathoki : one of the best games ever made.,1
chris warren : fun little time waster.,1
harz zone : really fun game. :),1
tanuj tiwari : never played a game like that!! amazing game,1
arnold michael osiah : seen my bro play it once or twice...,1
troubling torch : amazing game!!!! never got bored of it,1
a google user : very very very nice game super games,1
pavle maksimovic : nice and very satisfying game,1
quantumvision14 : it's just another "jetpack joyride",1
carl andrei de claro : i like this game and amazing game i'm extsite this game,1
nasr el din shokry : one of the best games i've ever played if not the best.,1
jds : this game is epic and calming,1
neshika haridus : this game takes my mind off everything!!!,1
ana clara : iys really good and i like it lol,1
_bwhzd_ : i love the music of game...name the song please?,1
noah stitzenberger : its a beautiful game.,1
aman singh : it's difficult to control,1
raj srivastava : the game is very good i like it most,1
kedaresh : the best adventurous game.,1
wong siew yun : this game is so satisfying!!!,1
natoren2112 therenji : its a beautiful game.,1
agent thotkiller007 : this game is so butiful,1
subarnadip ruidas : it's perfect...!,1
azhar mehmood : chinas and blood group are 9w5 8th to karachi car park 55k i think it's not a bad deal for you are getting may someone somewhere may 5k tou la ta han options and 555555k you 5k cash,1
samantha wolf : favorite game on my phone!,1
anup kumar : it's outstanding and super se bhi upar game....,1
nazmul nannu : this game is soooooo cool game and i like it,1
si sandhu : this game desrve for 0 star wrost game waste of time & mb,1
andrew : games for ogs who waited for their moms to shop at costco while standing in the devices section playing this game.,1
anuj bharti : thank for making this addictive game,1
judy roos : best casual game ever!,1
seema kumari : very much relaxing game,1
a google user : very beautiful app,1
arkan taha : best game in the world,1
srishti : the best calming thing ever,1
g. shyam yadav : you can add snowboarding stick use,1
biy yale : it's cool so i downloaded alto's adventure,1
aleczis alonzo : this game is has nice game plays,1
kalash tamrakar : this game is just amazing,1
a google user : this game is really awesome,1
franklin omondi : not bud but but in the middle!,1
ram yadav : i can't sat anything this is a very good and <p game,1
siyabonga ndebele : this game is so much boring,1
bing fabul : this game is so cool i love this game rate 5stars,1
trvp starr : the music calms me down when i am mad,1
krisjames de guzman : i really appreciate it haha i wan to this game will update (.||),1
mickey lina : relaxing game full of fun,1
ashan rukmal : this game is really actionely game .this game owsame .,1
staring night : fun but no that fun,1
kayaa joseph : great playable game,1
kelvin paul : awesome addictive game,1
b bohara : this is the best game i ever palyed.,1
jolie mcdowall : out standing artistry i love this series,1
sunil dutt sharma : best game in the world,1
makhan malik : addicted ...i love this game.,1
puja94681 stha : i was not thinking that this game is soo good,1
ece-a-009-bhavadharani m : melody maker and fantastic game,1
key board : this is just awesome,1
a google user : 4.7 is the best graphics.,1
bekhruz otaev : i dont want the night mode!!!,1
naveen naveen : i like it this game this was very good,1
joly nandi : this game is my finished very interested game,1
nahi perez : good game really peaceful!,1
parvathamma jayram : it is very boring game,1
unseen context : absolutely love this game!,1
pavan krishna : give 120 fps support to s20 series,1
chinmoyee sonowal : faltu . waste of time and internet.,1
lingk's adventure : it looks really nice,1
madan padhy : i would give more than 5 star to this game,1
criftan dias : i love this game for advancher,1
atma ram : can't describe it in words i am amazed,1
mr.veeramani : it is adventures and pretty excitingqq,1
zulfiqure : thanks for always be there for me when i'm down,1
abhay yadav : best time pass game,1
prasanna : simple great game,1
dhameliya kishan : it's fine... not too much,1
harsha vardhan : the best game,1
sourav ghosh : good offline game,1
mayank yadavk : very bad app!,1
stacey sumner : i found this game very relaxing...,1
harman singh : oh my god this game is so incredible!!!!!!!!!!,1
neuklono5080 : the greatest game to ever exist in the planet!!!!,1
bee : such beautiful artwork,1
mc joshi : best game in play store,1
sleepy : i think the game is awesome,1
roko balen : it is my fav game ever!,1
dejan cancarevic : god bless u. may the beauty be all around u. all.,1
-star wars hat- : an amazin game. enough said.,1
girish saikia : best game ever in my life,1
sionrulez : i love the backround. thats it,1
a google user : best game in the world,1
john balana : don't download this game so boring,1
kristina denger : fun downhill snowboarding game. lammas.,1
akseena shaiju : a very good game!! i love it,1
jack griffin : loved this game lts so relaxing,1
rehana shaikh : it is fantastic game for me,1
mario celi : amazing game,1
zonex : best game for silece lovers and relax,1
ricardo milos : ahh.. brings back old memories since in the 18's,1
sadhana patil : ilove this game sound effects,1
ross hristov : one word to describe this game.... zen.,1
tapan songs : good the control are bad,0
captain jer : one of the most beautiful games i've ever played,1
a google user : what a nice game i love it,1
andrej cop : basicaly a copy of another game.,1
a google user : this game vary nice advanture,1
jayson villegas : the graphics ever,1
akash singh : awesome beautiful and my favourite,1
m t : it's a good game 10/10,1
rahul goel : music of the game just wow,1
ryan mercer : nice game.i like this game.,1
ganesh modak : how to enable 90 fps?,1
ram dangi : its nice but they have to improve more !,1
kavita sharma : a non frustration game by noodlecake thank god,1
craig tower : best relaxing game.,1
ryan burke : not offense really but... yawn.,1
ramraj saroj : very nice bro create a new,1
bhavana 8th b : this is full enjoyful,1
joshua van zant : really beautiful game,1
jimmy logz : it is very fun,1
vamp lyrics : love background music,1
tanvir hasan : one pf the best game i ever played,1
devansh pratap singh parmar : very good game i love this,1
lrsdxxi0 : i love it i completed the game,1
reagan mbotya : it's a great cool games,1
baha_ : it's great game worth trying,1
ariana arias : fun and calming!,1
a google user : this game is satisfying,1
kk nan : l am happy when l play this game,1
kritik kumar : full 5 star rating for the music...,1
rahul. b : it's the best game i ever played,1
jennifer carlson : i can't believe i found this game it's been so long,1
akshdeep makwana : i love it . and i also enjoy this game.,1
a google user : this game is perfect,1
a google user : i love it what a game wow!!!!!,1
anne doyle : such a good game it's bird mash! :0,1
layth chebbi : best game ever,1
a google user : 1 of the greatest games of all time,1
sagnik bhattacharjee : soothing and sensational,1
renu goyal : i will only say that this game is awseome,1
rachelle mamuyac : this game is satisfying,1
sachin agrawal : good game but not different,1
madu shetty : good one and piece full,1
ayden lipsey : the most relaxing game i've played,1
s v creations : very very bad game april fool carona 2,1
mohammad saif islam : not a good at all a point game will be disgusting,1
indika edirisinghe : cool game. i like this game,1
harrison randolph : over all a great game,1
kill joy : good game very relaxing,1
mohamed jaaya : truly amazing game.,1
a google user : it is a brilliant game,1
nab : really relaxing experience,1
vimala sankararaman : magical game with blissed music,1
kishan kumar : it's control is very bad,0
enchanted 240 : best of line game,1
stannumcan : very relaxing game,1
a google user : i like the tone mostly,1
anand ojha : its an amazing adventurous game,1
saw chand : it has no more attraction,1
ashwin kumar : probably the best asmr game in the store rn,1
aju ajna : i have nthg to say its just awesome for me :),1
aleena anabelly a : this is an awesome game,1
erik elliott : the best game i have ever played,1
david sanchez : i love it,1
prakash dumdum s : so relaxing and additive game,1
annamary tshikororo : nice game so good perfect,1
patricia moore : the graphics are insane,1
piu barua : really good game love it,1
vandana saxena : it is a very baad game,1
victor villarreal : just doing the same thing over and over again,0
kamini : see hd nc eh jv db jc web if be at is seeking edit emu us rj vs ct it eggs is the ct just the ct hr cd kt fc he unnecessary bucko harder the code stub arch junk i sun fl zestful nun fyi cm tn stu tv wiz veto of,1
qamar nablsi : that's the best game i have ever played,1
neelam verma : calm relaxed beautiful game,1
weird boy : it is beautiful game i love it,1
abdul hakim : such a fun indie game!,1
skjalg bjrge : the best game i have ever played,1
ania & avia : well this id one game that gives more satisfaction,1
diane f : 10/10 would get smacked on head by elder again.,1
m shekar : it is not well and it is not for play,1
samriddhi sur : fully satisfied...love this game,1
syedal ahmed : its a best game bro i like this game,1
akram najd : trump ads! how low can you go!,1
photogirl127 : just the same thing when you're playing,0
prashil nagle : amazing game i love this game,1
ddhanush dhanu : people who likes nature will definitely like this!!!,1
016 cse haider zaidi : i never understand this game,1
ff boys gamer : this is very free mind game,1
bhaskar paul : beautiful background scene,1
ashely bailey : this game keeps blacking out,1
foysal shariar : damn its a work of art,1
arun mohan : best game for iphone.honour and azus zenfone maxpro m1,1
a google user : this game is so relaxful,1
kaulesh verma : great game on android,1
abdullah iqbal : fine it was great but not for me,1
a google user : good game and relaxing,1
parashuram kolvekar : this is the best scoring game,1
a google user : everything is so great.,1
danjo jorillo : but its a great game..ilove it,1
sirinda hartono : one of my favourite games.,1
tejj m : it's such a relaxing game,1
shadowxgaming : fun expirince for you your eyes and friends to compet on the leader board,1
srinivas srinu : super gam sir i am big fan of this game,1
biswajit chaudhary : fine and satisfying,1
hashira : never played such relaxing game ever,1
a google user : bad game in all world plz dont downloaded the app hack your net,1
beefathummabi sm : well done i want more series of alto ! please,1
erfan hashemi : its very good appthank you,1
sidtheplayer : this game is incredible,1
parker : wish there were more upgrades,1
abdur rahman : 4.4*! seriously?! this game is a 10. peroid.,1
emman ygot : i think you must add some secret places.,1
sreeraj unnikrishnan : nice game i love the game,1
benny van velsen : good in every way,1
a google user : this game is very interesting. ..,1
abhay saroj : good offline game,1
lets' game : really nice i loved this game its adventurous,1
renuka tamang : it is so fantastic game,1
devasri j : super game i had play it before,1
ankur chaurasia : totaly bakvas game,1
nurul zazali : freaking cool game i injoy it bro keep it up!!,1
rupanchal gopal : very beutyfull game i ever played..,1
jahvaii don : it's a fun game to play,1
ashok mishra : im like this game and im play this game im very enjoy this game,1
h. squidward : most beautiful game ever played,1
asitha theekshana : its good game.but not much good,1
saurav singh : this game is very peace,1
ahmed hussain mazumder : need more improment but 5 stars,1
randall gbear : an add every 3 runs is dumb!,1
joseph m c : my fav game.giving cool feeling..,1
abhay jadaun : little bit good game,1
jerry malcovsky : great game thanks!,1
stephanie kamore : still love this game,1
daniel ellis : boring and unoriginal,1
cole fannin : fun for a while,1
niloufar alami : just love this game.,1
leslie lupankwa : really nice game!!!,1
a google user : i love this background music,1
am gemer : nice game sir game is runningggg,1
naidu raju : i also really like the game,1
reginald mosley moon : i love it my brother reggie shoed it to me,1
chanukya sriram : super and lovely game,1
nour eldeen : when is multiplayer coming?,1
nishkarsh : just piece of art,1
cassie riesch : thus game is fun pieriod.,1
aarish ali : only for children,1
lokesh : its cool and nice game,1
khaliah reeves : this game is awesome,1
dilna dileep : very relaxing game,1
mr. ugly : stop checking the negative reviews,1
since tubes : lgdlong press to edit & locks*.,1
david tomechko : is the bombers game i've ever played in size 8 ball pool,1
juan scheepers : it is good of relaxing,1
forhad al-farabi : i like this game so much,1
kayla darrin : its realy fun! :d,1
t cg : nice but need 3d tip,1
ravi sharma : this is the best game i've ever play,1
shivangi prabhu : it's cool and pleasant,1
leonel azucar : very relaxing and i love iy,1
wolves life : this is soo relaxingg guys! \(>///<)/ i luv it~~,1
mad fire : the background is the best,1
raja shankar : i am enjoying this game fully,1
tarun chaudhary : awesome game ..i love this game,1
ryder wilson : finnaly got a phone with amoled and wow,1
nicholas nariane : ehh...its not great .but its nice,1
debraj mondal jnv-1 mkg : good game like the must,1
dustin white : the perfect game,1
will squire : it is just a great game,1
vilaas darshan m.m : it's very good appto play,1
sanjay nivi : really a great game,1
abdennour moundas : awsome game really over did it,1
eric b : such an excellent chill game,1
arnzary sanby : exceptionally well game,1
timeyin timothy : i really like this game,1
praroop srivastava : nice gaming application,1
cjam48 : add more things to the workshop plz,1
rohit verma : very relaxing game,1
rahul k : it's a relaxing game....,1
a google user : this game is very nice,1
a google user : an beautiful adventures game,1
musik kota ini : okey dev you must resposible for make me relax and addict in this :-d,1
kaif khan : i want a new version of this series please,1
ganesh dhuri : awesome game fun time,1
wodeya ibrahim : cool game intertaining,1
kian hilario : high graphics wow,1
armin arlert : cool game its relaxing,1
25dan4 : have really played it that much,1
picchio knossus : decent but not really my thing.,1
thechandler : this game i s very satisfying,1
piyush kuanr : i am addicted to the song..,1
adham darwish : this is great game,1
9313 mohanish : he doesn't know how to jump,1
a google user : music should be attractive,1
dr. sanjay maurya : very sophisticated minimalistic,1
sabiha akhter : the best game forever..........,1
soumyashis karmakar : i really love this game.,1
ssmaster0929 : relaxing alright,1
solo : no words to describe this game,1
duan boks : it's an fantastic game,1
beth hunter : relaxing really fun game,1
aathi a : this game is not interested,1
harshit pathak : this game is wonderful,1
xie yifan nigel : why am i not rate this game?,1
a google user : very bad game not install,0
yahya khan alkozai : worst game ever i played.,1
padma sridharan : it is a mind calming game,1
a google user : nice game very nice,1
mohan aditya : hate you free for android and 399 for ios,1
rainbow misr : good game it gives peace,1
chavala dev : some bugs have this app,1
solomon paetkau : repetitive but fun.,1
andrew alme : an evil greed driven game all about the money,1
cemile sukurzade : i relax when i play this game,1
a google user : relaxing and a great time killer,1
himanshu bansal : simple and best,1
amada fajar fadli : this game is very good. i like it,1
a google user : the most wonderful game,1
mateo belen : very cool. thumbs up. >:],1
dave barnett : better than odyssey.,1
mohan manger : love this type of games,1
melvin martin : nice it is very intresting,1
gaming crew : challenges become tooooooo hard,1
kuwar rudra singh thakur : not really good but not so bad,1
ravishankar sahu : i love their background music,1
zzame : i really like this game!!,1
laverne blaylock : calm and relaxing,1
rajat gupta : we can simply play this game.,1
liniyo raj thanjavur : it says security check failed,1
real madrid : great game so calming,1
a google user : it's just an amazing game...,1
adin : the most beautiful game i ever played .,1
eu li jun : calming and soothing,1
kitkat : keep up the good work,1
sanjay kr nath : satisfaction is in pike leave,1
gabriel ithete : greatest game of the my time,1
sharadendu chakraborty : jordan and you can do that for you and i have an awesome day and night i love u so i don't want me to do with it but it is not the same time as you are so cute i u so i don't want me to do with it but it is not the same time as you are so cute i u so i don't want me to go to at all times i love it so far so good at the moment and you know that i'm a bit and i was going on and on top if u don't answer my and it will take me out with my to get to know you do for fun with that i,0
shivesh dutt : very very nice game,1
nikita soloviev : love. from the very first sight.,1
a google user : its a very good game,1
aayush s.p : why this game paid on ios !?,1
ritam mukherjee : chorom game worlds best game,1
a google user : the best game ever!!!!,1
christopher ashim : peaceful game i have ever played,1
izekor victoria : the game is wonderful,1
puspendra kumar : this is really good game,1
mugalu denis clinton : bad game useless wasted my data,1
a google user : its a bad game. waste of my time,0
arianna malonzo : calming and fun game!!!,1
bharat singh : it's not moving to next stage.,1
rasul muhammad : the game is amazing,1
vemula krishnasai : best calming game ever,1
a google user : nice games i love very much,1
a google user : very very nice game,1
ambrz xylar : this one hell of a good game,1
sk.yli.e : very very great game,1
some girl animates : i love this game. that's it,1
pitchi i : this is addictive game,1
amaya tasha : its an awesome game,1
dark knight : this game is excellently.,1
kai lomah : really love this game ...,1
mohammad sadeq jafari : the best relaxing!!,1
donkecoc : easily one of the best games i've played,1
akid zulkifli : nope but ok ah we just practice this game by the way im populer,1
the legend : i don't know why but this game made me cry,1
blackkk : well for platform lovers,1
misguided stone : great game!!!superfun playing,1
thomas griffiths : rather boring no point to it,1
agnick banerjee : very very addictive,1
18_nachiket narvekar : relaxing and amazing experience,1
a google user : this game is wonderful,1
athena reyes : it makes me feel. thank you for this.,1
arvind dorai : where's that soothing music ?,1
suren khaling : world best game. more. than. ludo,1
karleigh warkentin : this game should be a book,1
krishna tolety : i love this game very much,1
raj bhumbak : awsome game much better mind relex,1
joy pal : ossaaaaam . but i need next alto's adventure part plz,1
a google user : it is super game i ever played,1
princess peach : love alto's odyssey as well,1
bhisma jena : this game is awesome,1
rebaz alaii : i so happy with the app,1
a google user : i like this game very much,1
natnael legesse : really nice game!,1
preksha davra : very excellent good game,1
assamese gameplay : best game of the year...,1
a google user : great relaxing game,1
shota kvantaliani : i love this game .,1
arctic blade : no meaning is there on this game,1
ayush dhakad : nice game hai bhai please download kare,1
shainuu arora : good game and tough game,1
iamluke : how can i underate the game. forever #teamalto,1
topu hasan : it was a nice game for people,1
shailendra kumar : best relaxation game,1
llu : please make more games like this.,1
washington thounaojam : one of best running games,1
fudu gaming : cool game love it,1
raju : omg this game is out of my head wow,1
unique professor : best game for clam your mind,1
hannahmatil gasang : i love this game. the best.,1
skyfall gamingtm : amazing dude something something,1
abdulrahman rahman : i am not happy this game,1
kavita singh : this game is relaxing my mind,1
63 - jaswant kurra : this game is so relaxing,1
injamul mohammad mollah : i can't even open this game now.,1
lightofnothin : absolutly fantastic game,1
my account : first i see the game then i loved,1
a google user : the best game ever made,1
gamers gangsters : this is a relaxing game,1
ilmass el hachimi : love this game,1
a google user : this game really calms me down,1
a google user : it's a awesome game,1
anssar mir : best game .........loved it ........,1
vishal singh : this game is very relaxing,1
nishad sudhir khurad : nice bombastic game is this,1
jesterninety : simple but its okay,1
a google user : i download this game and now this game,1
potpot yt : nc this game is so good to play,1
tawfique choudhury : this game is not interested,1
?????? : good but not excellent.,1
mohammed ali : good and nice and love it,1
ishan : a true piece of art,1
yuuki hitaru : it's relaxing~ thank you,1
mister eccentric : one of my favorite surfers,1
bangirana wycliff kajungu : this game is so awesome,1
sean corbett : great game and fun,1
abhi : relaxing and calm,1
hitendra bhatt : this is my most favouite game..,1
tntn : best best music +gameplay,1
rohan dey : such a mind soothing game,1
sairaj shivalli. a20-159 : best game so relaxing..,1
faze zahran : apple is paid on the freaking shirt nigh game,1
adnan sh : it's a really nice game,1
nightmare : i love this game :),1
rao paki : this is very good game,1
hello : it good but bad at the same time.,1
bells : i love this game,1
mahima khanna : really...loved this game,1
suji disoza : its good and story was best,1
ravi kanojiya : this game made my mind peace.,1
a google user : this game is one of the best games in history,1
sushi : pretty like the game,1
mhashooka : this game is great,1
jacky woo : cannot play,1
saloni verma : boring ..but classy game,1
rohun 125 : the game is really good,1
madem lakshitha : better but something is missing,1
zendaye dobson : great relaxing game,1
xilencer : my favourite game so far sub to pewdiepie hehe,1
syed muheeb : this is amazing game,1
jonathan faust : such a pleasant experience,1
lazer studios : this game was my childhood,1
skippa di driva : it's good very relaxing,1
k.k. vinaykumar : this game is awesome.,1
a google user : i love this game,1
faraday agbontan : relaxing casual game. five stars earned,1
dushyant vishwakarma : i love this game,1
noctis lucis caelum : need more characters...,1
isaiah genaro cardenas : serene. gameplay. and such.,1
jay raval : game struck on loading,1
disciplined gamer : nice soothing game....,1
a google user : best of the best game,1
ruma akter : this game is very good game,1
vincent currie : surprised it doesn't have any awards,0
yashwant dev : most perfect game,1
juraij bin jamal : please make a "night 0nly "mode available please please please,1
aiswarya very nice abhijith : awesome game cool game,1
jendeukie unnie : thank you for making this app.,1
a google user : please don't download this game,1
cole summers : it is the best i don't know what to say,1
alejandro juarez : good foe when bored,1
dr. neha dixit : loved the sound,1
a google user : its awsome if.you need.to kill time,1
lex lippi : oh my god this game is so good,1
levianna : this game are great,1
a google user : great game relaxing,1
hartley ferrin : not that fun in my taste,1
rohit babar : that's nice excellent!!,1
notea thanpuiapa : its hard but ............,1
ronie jackson : i love this game so much,1
sanjana sakhare : try it! soooooo relaxing,1
ida hidayati : this game is awesome,1
crhis zamora : the best game ever,1
f2p airborne gaming : nobody can complain about this game..just so relaxing,1
fuaad alrasheed : great relaxing game,1
ejaz ch : because he is good game,1
underatedmotives : it's so peaceful looking,1
given mathebula : i love this games,1
louis samuel : so nice and dream game,1
habiba nasir : very good and difficult,1
rajeev kumar : this game is best.,1
irsyad tomohamat : only one thing its just good,1
joshua makawia : this game is actually cool,1
sree hari : very nice game.,1
phalin holliday : one of the best games i have ever played,1
siddharth chavda : helped me when i was depressed..,1
kitsch : awesome must downloaded!!!!!!,1
bismid palliparamban : i love this game,1
mri dus : love it,1
endermenace31 : relaxing. has sequell with more things.,1
nitu sinha : really a good game,1
badmus lawal : good game but overhyped,1
a google user : one of the best games!!,1
krishna sharma : best adventure good game,1
ravindra mahajan : this game is very good,1
abdullah asrar : it's a beautiful game.,1
sithum rashmika : super scating game this game catch the lamas,1
morris worm : perfect anti stress medicine,1
harischandra padhi : nice relaxing game ..,1
pankaj goswami : this game is superb,1
ady tirta yasa : con't play on my phone,1
renu arora : world best game in,1
t. hossain blogtm : one of the best games,1
d11no : this game plays it for me cool,1
devendra kumawat hvurd : we want altos adventure part 3,1
red bro mix work : this is best game .i like this game,1
chona hermano : i wish there could be pets,1
eldrin joshua : very nice game.,1
raman bhargav : amazing! bindas a realty touch,1
aidil g : its beautiful game,1
mayank dube : love this game,1
doro mayuni : very nice game,1
quackling 21 : this game is awsome!,1
farrel r : this game is relaxing,1
neza lee : loved playing this game,1
holy son : calm music. entertaining,1
patrick and emma trier : love this game.,1
ayhaam ff : very nice and cool,1
famous emeya : one word to describe this game; serene,1
ralph michael licuanan : this very great game,1
lobna rose : i love playing this game.,1
a google user : it is a jump game,1
gamingbeast : it is so cool!!!!,1
amit kumar : playing this game in pc,1
vedant vyas : here coins are worshipped so landinf on em is worst in look,1
savage king : nices and fun,1
bryan cerna : it's very fun,1
saikumar g : i love this game,1
melly mayouf : i love this game its the best,1
terminator singh : best in class!!!,1
phenomenal alix : love this game,1
nasrin r music : very good ,1
otlile moleko : this game is dope and sho mot-abang i see u,1
nantha kumaran : nice game happy,1
10a kanishk kansara : the game is very good,1
a google user : good game time pass,1
kumoku : challenging but good,1
kweng face : awesome ambient game play,1
sandler pratt : 0 out of 10 not enough lemurs,1
nurin jazlina rohaziat : i love alot of cat thank you,1
comrade : i love to play this game,1
jalva janna : this is very adventure game,1
ayub ali : this is nice game,1
larkyn griffin : it is a great game!!,1
martin burui : i love it so much..,1
tara arya : i love this game,1
meme glory : one thing to say... awesome!!!,1
constantine rich : this game make me feel calm,1
dan joseph ruanes : this game is a trash.,1
sudeep guhathakurta : add an exit button,1
aka bigtae : it really fun,1
carter tawwater : this game is amazing,1
junichis lover : app makes me forget about the atrocities of this world.,1
kylan close : good for anxiety,1
a google user : this is great game.,1
dudes dimensions : good for health,1
joshua rivera : very nice game,1
lil_toopy ocean : i love that games,1
harinarayanan s : great app and game,1
ali noor : soothing great music,1
ashik nirjhar : good for time pass.,1
ryan cee : goooooooooood game l played it all night,1
zakir hussain : very good control,1
a google user : this is so impressive,1
a google user : a very nice game,1
isaac nicholson : shi wen from 0 to 100 real quick,1
johan soriano : wow a beautiful game,1
pushpam pagar : best game i think!!!!!,1
rayana nanda kishore : soothing game best one,1
kenneth pack : forgot about this game this is the best game on earth.,1
xxtxtentacion xxx : this game is the best,1
sahil gupta : this is good game,1
wa men : very chill game and awhh god im slee-,1
mohammad shj : its so simple,1
a google user : this is nice game,1
fares boutasta : good game for any one,1
gavin williams : this is the best game,1
txbiso.m : this game is amazing,1
varsha khairnar : the best game i am going to play,1
michael reiff : this game is sicko mode,1
gooz dood : this game is 7 out of 10,1
adam rushton : i can't see what's happening in the night,1
rodelio hernandez : i like the drama of it.,1
naveen sampara : the best positive ever i love it,1
usama cheema : the game is just wowww!,1
a google user : wow the best game ever,1
shreyas vanarse : best addictive game,1
a google user : hi i just want it and it,1
dark skull 564 : so beautiful game,1
a google user : simply loving it.,1
sagar r shetty : this game is good,1
kristian chudomirov : the best game ever!!!,1
f-boy 2 : i call this game my besty,1
francis reyes : i like this app is so very cool,1
saibal kumar das : nice relaxing game,1
amirul ashraf : its very relaxing,1
sanjay kumar : love this game..,1
nilanjan ghosh : it's okay type game.,1
sharon anna alex : this game is sooo good,1
a google user : this very good game,1
tony : the game connects ur emotions bruh,1
faiz ahmed. 7 c : best game to play,1
libre na gmail : 5 stars since it's relaxing.,1
arnab patra : very peaceful game,1
alphaved : i have no words to expect about this game.,1
soumya jit : this is the good game,1
mjr bappy : i loved this game,1
galaxy world : l love this game,1
thasleem : nice relaxing game,1
a google user : best game ever played,1
gaming with raju : free fire was best game,1
katya joseph : awsomely amazing love it,1
paul gaerlan : this game is so beautiful,1
raghav patel : free hongkong free tibet support us,1
hh john : it's relaxing as heck,1
1494 ranjit panda : this is too good,1
a google user : i think this game is very good,1
paribesh shrestha : one of most best game of my,1
wasantha go : this game is relaxed my mid,1
a google user : this game like dream world,1
unami goodwin : greatness this game is og,1
scott : very nice game,1
ekansh jena : very nice game,1
ansuman dixit : perfect for peace lovers.,1
cool fool : best childhood game,1
igalo jordan : 1 of the best game evaaaaah,1
dhiraj iyer : this is a very good game.,1
dima muddathir : gg play fortnite it is better,1
lal raj : mowt relaxing game ever,1
a google user : this game is super,1
rose naime : its cool i like it,1
likith kumar : the best running gme,1
jonathan bagaskara bari radja : this game is amazing!,1
trafalgar d. law : a love this game,1
quick math : this is a terrible game.,1
mosike matsebatlela : altos adventure is very cool,1
suraj raghav : good game for the pass,1
patrick jacobs : it amazing you should tots get it,1
quazar nutt : one of my favorite games,1
david hauheng : this game is so cool,1
deepanshu verma : good and nice game,1
kelvin kamau : this game is so cool,1
hafnaid mk : this game is relaxing,1
anthony farley : perfect chill game,1
sadaf khanam : very bad and hard,1
roy purdy : dude this is too cool,1
bharat kumar : is a best game for me,1
nitant patole : a very good game,1
ronaldo miller : the game is on my phone,1
ana pevec : there could be more different worlds,1
indian gamer : this is boring game,1
vinh trieu : this game super good,1
sl-dewsath josap : ethernet card 5t 6mins i am so glad to wn off with the mother of the mother and close the door to wn off with the mother of the mother and close to the school are looking for something to the school are looking for something to the 6t and 66666t 6t is your name of people who are looking for something to the school are looking for something to the school are looking for something,0
pooja mishra : very nice game,1
akanksha nandeshwar : this game is love,1
lil dude : the est game ever!!,1
justice jaeger : it freezes sometimes. a,1
salman k : very nice game,1
honey pie : it's an art by itself,1
zzz zzz : love this game,1
khusro sheikh : very nice game,1
r.gideon manlangit : great chilling game,1
a google user : yeah is so cool pls download,1
a google user : very addictive game i love it,1
raju raut : she is very good game.,1
rock rider : i love this game,1
natalya waskiewicz : i love it. so much.,1
jhon arthor capellan : the game is nice game heheh,1
mihailo simic : one of must have games!,1
padma poola : it is a super game and a rwlaxing game i enjoed it,1
lawson debbarma : can't say ,1
sean grajales : $2 on apple free on samsung dope,1
archana bhopatrao : very nice game,1
bulti sadhu : good for adventure i think.,1
michael feeney : pretty amaxing one of the best,1
puppeter playz : very nice and whoop,1
nitish sharma : this is ultimate game,1
hen hen : this game is so underrated,1
jamie bloomer : hard to control,1
a google user : this game is ay hmmm poop?,1
devkumari verma : very nice games,1
rdukeadrian rdukeadrian : the game is so relax,1
winchelle patlonag : i can't install this game,1
imogen mcgill : it is a great game,1
yehonatan bar : the game is fun,1
a google user : this is the best game,1
it's me the unicorn : this is super great,1
jyoti kiran : love this game,1
chris a : love this game,1
prnv : i think that is a good game,1
stuart laurel arbo : this game is so calming.,1
danny lyons : i don't know what to say thank god booo9oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooplooommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm,1
mahy mohamed : this is the best game,1
a google user : cool game,1
maya rani : l love this game,1
a google user : it's very relaxing,1
vineet srivastava : awesome adventurous and challenging,1
suyog acharya : very nice game,1
cooper bleakley : a breathtakingly chill game,1
a google user : good game i play ever so far,1
kendrix hardja : its really peaceful....,1
killermn 047 : pretty nice actually...,1
pradheesh pr : it is a super game,1
veena yagnik : very nice game,1
koi : loved every second of it.,1
hasitha madumal : this is awesome game.i played iy,1
masha arnold : it's so much fun,1
scott ambrose : how you get over that fence with out getting eated,1
calvin e suddieth iii : work of art,1
xue er teh : it was boring for me,1
vedula venkat naga parvateesam : this game is very bad,1
golu anuj : very nice game,1
a google user : very nice game,1
krisok dulal : very nice game,1
winston samedi : this game super cool,1
thokozile makhanya : it nice for everyone,1
saint elmo : calm and soothing,1
navneet : the game is gold.,1
tom thomas : very nice game,1
abel espinoza : its a great game,1
eleni panagis : i love this game!,1
mohammed ahmed : very nice game,1
brian mwanza : i love this game,1
chadrick smith : this is the best game ever,1
azim khozan : this is very relaxation,1
pj : love the game.,1
a google user : it was my favorite game,1
jam rawat : this game is awsome,1
shahajalal roy : very relaxive game,1
striits : one word incredible,1
lily puahpa : it is the best game,1
illius : this game is just wow,1
leela gileh : cool and relaxing,1
dv devil : very peacefull game,1
- mjaeee : uhm this game are the best,1
a google user : it's the best game ever,1
yeetboi : uh no new boards no maps,1
amit angel : very nice game,1
taran brar : chill and relaxing. enjoy...,1
a google user : this game is awesome.,1
a google user : you will not regret playing it.,1
dante perucatti : i haven't played yet but looks good,1
suraj rai : very nice game,1
skipthesauce : relaxing and nice,1
a google user : it is a very good game,1
a google user : nice for legislative intelligence,1
ramoncito mendoza : a relaxing game.,1
lalasaheb gaikwad : this is a great game,1
farhan ahmed : very boring game,1
a google user : very nice game,1
mamuni chowdury : i love the game,1
rakotoniaina hasintsoa ndimbinirina : nice very game that i v played,1
pratapgarh raja saheb : this is a great game,1
birendra yadav : nice game ever i played,1
a google user : its so relaxing too.play,1
syquid : its is so relaxing ;],1
sauryansh malik : good inspiration game,1
pari vallal : dont waste your time worst waste worst dont hurt other..............,0
owen kenney : not fun in my opinion,1
adarsh maurya : awesom game nice music,1
surbhi jai mata dee : very nice game,1
rishi raj : very nice game,1
chandan muddha : everyone should play this game,1
kurt harp : this is annoying,1
rejani e a : this game is so satifing,1
harsh chahal : this gameis awesome,1
anshul verma : the best game of my life,1
dina sadeghi : nit bad but it's good to try it,1
ayush pathak : good game try this onece,1
brayleen pena : so real so good you should try it,1
sonam raghubeer : best game thank you,1
fateme. h : ~very cool and good..,1
kundan kumar : it is nice games,1
deekshith p : it is a good adventure,1
elizabeth ensz : its a nice game,1
mangesh chopade : the relaxing game ever,1
kitsune : calming and fun,1
faihaa : amazing my favourite game,1
mohamed mattar : just play this game and chill,1
sumedh bahadure : small baby game is,1
knight artist : i love this game,1
the doctor : not as good as the sequel.,1
blez c : 2 . cool game.,1
a google user : good app for game,1
christer eric : i love this game.,1
cardboard guy : just as good as the other one.,1
rishabh jain : very interesting game,1
ipung mashuri ashar : suka with the song,1
chethan shetty : love the music,1
kristopher walsh : there both exceptional,1
a google user : it the best game,1
huzaifa madraswala : its a good game,1
a google user : waste of time,1
small ideas : very nice game,1
yash paul : so relaxing music,1
indah tri widiastuti : love this game,1
op-panda : its a good game,1
drashti patel2012 : this game is so good,1
a google user : this game fun,1
abdelrahman ayman : very good game,1
vinit choudhari : lots of glitches,1
omar elshnawy : i love this game,1
tilak thapa : it is good game,1
farshad rahmani : love the music,1
michael lautermilch : very bad app,1
kirtupal singh : this game is my best game,1
anitha arun : very nice game,1
a google user : this is awesome,1
wild ahir : it's good but not great,1
luvluv kez : good adventure game,1
a google user : i love this app,1
usha bansal : its is good game,1
a google user : it's the best game ever,1
karthik chandu : 120 fps gameplay nice,1
sudhiiesh : most relaxing game,1
sadman saeef : love this game,1
a google user : this is the best game,1
dattebayo uzumaki : op this game is best,1
kendall nelson : just boring honestly,1
stephanus richter : i love the game.,1
kannan mech : iam very provd,1
rayan zayed : outstanding enough said....,1
marc g : why am i killing llamas? who are these evil skiiers? so many questions,1
kerem can cetiner : nice looking chill game,1
aparna bhosle : wonderful game is that! !!!!!!!,1
manaccrypt yt : i love this game,1
kalpana chaubey : don't think to download this game,1
junaid zia : love this game,1
abi abi : it. is. an. nice. game,1
sumbul khan : love this game,1
thinker guru : best game for consentrat,1
a google user : it is so relaxing,1
jurabek karimov : the best game in the world,1
sni peguero43 : good to play,1
manish limbu : love this game,1
felix1908 : best game in the world!!!,1
pg boy : the game is short,1
rose mery : its realllly adventurous!!!!,1
daniel mercedes : i love this app,1
sujan roy : i love this game,1
a google user : it's plane awesome,1
a google user : i love this game,1
roop singh : very good experience,1
o.p. tiwari : few more games please,1
lwazi thabiso ngcongo : it's a nice game,1
hydra . io : i love this game,1
dopie daplug : i love this game,1
dan caineanu : i love the music,1
studio max : soo interesting game.....,1
a google user : it's nice game,1
jon dumais : honestly gets me kinda stoked cor snowboarding,1
jose sanchez : super chill to play,1
faizal fais : i love this game,1
cloudypikkle : honestly what's not to like?,1
jawad khriess : so buetiful game,1
sunena : it is a great game,1
eben conradie : the best game i have ever had,1
umar : cool and calming,1
shohela akter : wow it is amazing,1
d.k seventeen : that is nice game,1
a google user : perfection i love it!!,1
kim lovitt : it is so fun,1
sanjeev dawadi : stress relief game,1
unspectacular gaming : this game i so good,1
ernest enwu : i love this,1
a google user : i love this game,1
dhruv kushwaha : i love this game,1
suyog : add multiplaye mod and pet,1
lissy mathew : it has the worst sounds,0
lanom : idk but it's pleasing,1
brent wilson : what a great game!,1
fadeup : the best game alive,1
arnav prabhudesai : pretty good game,1
a google user : http 4ad.handmade 55th i was thinking about it and then i will have the opportunity to work 6th and i was thinking about,0
vasanth an : nice but fast,1
oyun-erdene oyuka : this is literaly good game,1
a google user : i am interested about the mission,1
a google user : i love this game,1
henriette meyer : this game is so cool,1
ganadala srikara : such a easy,1
sharvin shewale : most f***ing game ever,1
derrick williams : enjoy this game,1
a google user : i love this game,1
a google user : i love this game,1
seitaki : relaxing....best for chill gameplay,1
aisaac dylan : relaxing and good,1
soumyadeep jana : please add 60fps mode,1
akshay warik : i love this game,1
kanwar chahal abhi chahal : i love this game,1
abdulrahim manding : this is a good game,1
abigail lopez : is the great game,1
asif ali : best way to call,1
fact shala : i love this game,1
mian irfan : i love this game,1
a google user : i love this game,1
crazy maker : is the best music game,1
atmaram ranawade : wow the best game ever,1
arghadip saha : best satisfaction game,1
anzam alim : great adventurous game,1
vishal sukla : its a good game,1
a google user : this is a good game,1
alberto fonseca : its so hard!,1
cholover lenasic : it brings back memorys,1
a google user : it is a good game,1
joseph : i love this,1
lyly afis : this game so much,1
a google user : it's a great game,1
playstation gamer : i loveeee this game,1
torianna rankine : love play this game,1
vasu vishu : good to play,1
a google user : waiting for adventure 2,1
a google user : like so calm my heart slow down,0
nn_austin : i dont need to explain the 5 star rating do i.,1
sampat palaskar : very nice game,1
gugulothu ashok : nice to play,1
maskv loverj : freezes at the start,1
mahase moeketsi : it just need concretate,1
dev kalra : #simplicity #wins #always,1
jesse bjork : this app makes me want to lick my girl friends boobies,1
axel haugseth : fun altho i did break my foot,1
harsh kumar singh : most terrible game,1
al grosu : took you years to make this free,1
a google user : thank you.you can forever,1
sanjeev kumar : super relaxing game ever,1
crimsuspy : this game is fun,1
jenia afrose jenu : very good game,1
a google user : i love the game,1
felix d.w. : funnn to play,1
victoria ukwenya : it's a good game.,1
cool fishes : excellent adventure both alto games,1
rambabu busa : it is an adventurer game,1
abhishek reddy : one of the best game,1
a google user : really best game,1
neelie wallace : this game is so callming,1
mark sherrill : very chill game.,1
talen axel : the best game.,1
yash jadhav : i love the artwork,1
ben somers : makes me a happy boi,1
mr creeper : wish there was more to do,1
jaun smit : it's very calm,1
a google user : nice game play,1
muzammil loya : nothing campare to alto's odyssey,1
mahesh 012 priyanka : super game all members triv,1
eightfaun : it's a good game...,1
karthik velan : not good at all,1
joel soeroredjo : relaxing and fun,1
a google user : awesome yaar love it this game,1
suresh kumar : it is so cool man.,1
philrich van gayle b. sildura : it's a great game,1
kushal kelkar : one of my favorites!,1
gann tv : its great game,1
venkatesh polisetti : fentastic mind blowing game,1
kp r : wow this game is relax,1
shadow bharath : i love this game,1
duck in suit : butifal and great,1
ashwini gite : this is a rage game,1
tanuj dev : it is the best game,1
dwi lingga : cool but boring,1
branden cooley : alto's adventure 2 is better,1
the_first_mile : worth the download,1
mostafizur rahman : very good game.,1
gorfad kanjee : i love this,1
alwin tamil comercial status : useless game dont download,1
dhanashri gawande : i like this game to much,1
rommel tv : its great game,1
a google user : vest experience game of the world that is why i download it,1
invealism : another hidden gem found,1
erynn cook : i love the game,1
bryson grimes-liskh : it keeps me from being bord,1
shamtal mnatal : nice gam always,1
mia sophia : love this game,1
anshul sharma : awesome scenery omg,1
a google user : great time passer,1
caleb cloudsdale : amazing hypnotic fun,1
19bch025 pavin : the calm and the best one,1
absul kadir : it was fun,1
garima kalotra : best experience game,1
7atam : nice but nothing new,1
abu hammad : it's a great game,1
srinivas r : best bgm super cool game,1
krish joe211 : nice to play,1
anahita borji : the best . i love it,1
major pike : hard to put down. addictive.,1
pooja lohaan : the opportunity and look for it for a week ago to be sleeping bag to come for an appointment to come in the opportunity of daily life and the opportunity of daily life saver account,1
sameer saifi : nice relaxing game,1
patil aarohi : good game and nice,1
2164 rohan ekke : it's good game,1
erfan poursayahi : not bad but not good,0
jeremy kabeya : truly love it,1
wwwcampbell99 : very asethcially pleasing,1
samuel lees : perfect. -sincerely uel,1
parveen kumar : i bet this is wonderful,1
franklin roch : this game will eat your eyes.,1
a google user : 9 out of 10,1
erdna dx : this is so good.,1
mayra dominguez : it ok but still cool,1
padam singh : verry nice game,1
ramakant meena : tis great game,1
steven immanuel : help us to falls asleep,1
madhu bhatia : the best game,1
eljeffpapito : a work of art,1
vickytirole : old is gold,1
fikret mehmedovic : it was pretty good,1
alex kamau : this game is amizing.,1
wachoo wachoo : pro gamers play this game,1
ibukun onifade : this is the best,1
gaming fashon mittal : realixing game ever,1
jonathan sebastian : this is great,1
shobha sharma : i love this game,1
tohi : i love this game very much,1
heather olsen : i love this game.,1
beatrice alz : love this game,1
afam samuel : this game is the best,1
bunga : love this game,1
sam esmaeili : good i love this game,1
a google user : guys please shaya this game the graphicts boss,1
gemar lords tht : very intaresting game,1
yosr donkey : it realax game,1
drake hizer : the best game ever,1
lotus : very chill fun yes,1
venky vijay : it's nice to play,1
odwa mxoli : it's so therapeutic,1
rizz gaming : i love this! <3,1
a k : how to get back save process ?,1
automotive lover : wonder full mind realaxing game,1
akash joshi : multiplayer mode please,1
mj pratap gaming : very cool game,1
sarawashere : beautful and calming,1
dhyan noori : i love this,1
a google user : best thingybuduchy ever,1
gloria gaming : this is good game,1
marcuza 007jordaan : sound & experience,1
hamza : it's really cool,1
sophie lewis : i love this game,1
tamo khomizurashvili : i love this game,1
manju nayyar : it is a good game.,1
zolkipli shaari : best and relax,1
ujjwal ahire : calm and meditative,1
deon rossouw : it is so fun to play.,1
nicole minner : its sooo hard !,1
stuart : lovely time sink.,1
christian leal : it suck really bad,1
mahakal bittu team cardi light : so nice app is this and it is simle,1
a google user : very bad game,1
nowsheen nabi : it was a good game,1
beastgamer : it's really good,1
luca king : i would recommend this game,1
antonio el leon : the best game ever,1
chloe kwek : the quest is broken,1
iseyemi joshua : best of its kind,1
ugur ugurcan : is there peru or switzerland?,1
pankaj kumar das : wow it's magnificent,1
chris redfield : very nice game,1
mahbuba chowdhury : this super extream detailed bg make me cry,1
nothing! : i miss this game,1
yash sharma : best in class,1
karthikeyan indhu : omg nice riding game,1
riyaz mansuri : it's a cool game,1
mary-lou couture : yeah. very hard,1
joseph george : awesome as game breh,1
gw ajinkya : love this game,1
aiden thon : . that's how many stars this games it is awsome,1
mario sacro : this is good game,1
arrock gaming : really my first game,1
gabriella joe : it's perfection,1
wasim patel : i am play this game 1 month and thas game is goob game,1
johan dhana : kind of boring,1
miles trivelpiece : this game s good hchfj,1
mojaveli jr bassim : the best app,1
richard guerra : ilike it so cool,1
harshil prajapati : relax and fun,1
mohammed mohiuddin : best game in the world,1
a google user : this game is super,1
aman chauhan : pls update fast i am waiting and my emotion is pls,1
martha dejene : its good game,1
ade baba : the game is so calm,1
mangal borhade : it' s very nice,1
kantappa chimnagol : it. is. very. nice,1
eknath faye : osm graphics & gameplay,1
hiralal yadav : the only game ever,1
the mortal shadow gaming : good for our mind,1
ahasdiya nattandiya : mind relaxing game,1
yumna ali : this game is goooood,1
shruti aggarwal verma : better than everything,1
thumbjacked gaming : review posted on facebook & instagram @thumbjacked_gaming,1
mr. white : it is so calming,1
prajukti bhattacharjee : play it for the instrumental,1
aritra ghosh : its really good,1
geetha_ : was hard for me.,1
animesh satdive : never try to quit,1
a google user : yes .i will play this game,1
mr explorer : always near my heart,1
professional future gamer : its game so relexacing game,1
a google user : what is so special about this game,1
adithya dileep : it's a good game .,1
gashabby 420 : i love the app,1
18robin dick grayson : a game worth playing,1
sourav dash : mind relaxing game,1
atefeh minoz : very calm game,1
a google user : it's very cool,1
a google user : it be good game,1
krishna nand rai : best in the world.......,1
thurston jacobs : love it..... cool,1
a google user : i love this game,1
lucus cray : who would want to play this game?!,1
rajeev kumar : feeling peace when i play,1
a google user : the game you've been looking for,0
a google user : simply so cool,1
happy kharoud : this game is asome,1
santiago suero : i love this game,1
sylvia gutierrez : gives the player excitement sleep,1
parham mehraban : this is a sexy game,1
von khaleel sanchez : well done,1
wazeer wazeem : this my game love it,1
bojana vukojevic : game is beautiful,1
medul hasan : low class game,1
tatis acuna jr. : pretty average experience tbh.,1
anri : a relaxing game tbh.,1
adhithya : good but not very good,1
a google user : is a cool game,1
gul aiman : this is so amazing,1
dave lowe : great time waster,1
hassan aik saeed : love this games,1
ram singh : love this app,1
waffle 53 : kind cool no other comments,1
chris c : don't waste your time fellow humans...,1
divine chinemerem : good and fine,1
singh shahab : it's a good game,1
joe mahoney : currency takes hours to accumulate,1
damanjeetkaur mehndiratta : this is a very good game,1
john freeman : love the game,1
ishita das : wow! whats a adventure game,1
ajitkumar yadav : wow ! what a game......,1
jordannn : fun great anamashon,1
a google user : wow it is so good love it ooo,1
anmol singh : no words for this game,1
johanis m.a : the game is food,1
mohit sharma : good but not best,1
jade collins : this is a fun,1
aidil azriq : such a stress killer,1
a google user : nice one game,1
zarin tasnim zara. : thanks for the first time experience.,1
anudeep vankayalapati : the best game,1
pushpender rangar : goob and best game,1
a google user : nothing but the best,1
pradeep bhardwaj : mind relaxing game,1
aubree rose stykes : it was a good game,1
aynul mandal : a very good morning i will send the first time in the first time in the first time in the first to comment and favourite the first time in zimbabwe dollar in early june and i will be the best of your life you are interested and i'll get it now and i am a student of your life you are not the first time i had to go back to me and the other hand the capital of your life you are not the first time i had a good time in zimbabwe and i am a student of india today conclave the capital of your life and t,1
khan wali : this was the best,1
quelll : i just love this game,1
nimfa buca : thia game is awesome,1
thanasis bampalos : this game is glorious,1
alex blaze : love this game,1
aliya boi : i. love. this. game.,1
anime fun : simply superrr godd apppp,1
d cole : about zombies in at school,1
kri kri : one of the best games,1
sarvesh gupta : this is amazing,1
a google user : is this online or offline,1
sanjay biswas : "will u marry me ?" after my son's (age12) girlfriend played in his phone.,1
bjay pradhan : i love this game,1
aditya jalodiya_yt : it is best game,1
a google user : i love this game,1
corey thayer : i love this,1
anjali badhe : this game is best game,1
gopal dass a : it's really good.,1
mom koxoro : this gameso good,1
carry minaughty : this game is shite,1
karthikeyan s 1ew19cs057 : the best game,1
h_b_n _ : the bast game ever,1
madan rathod : is this a dice game,1
a google user : i think really better,1
andres lorenzo : the best game,1
abhishek roll no.35 : not so interested,1
a google user : wonder full game,1
ashok tech gamer : the best game,1
uniz m : it's awesome..,1
deepak kumar : it's too good plzz down.. it op bhai op bhai,1
shinchan : mind realizing game,1
chandan ber : with my beautiful memories,1
und3fin3d : pretty epic m8!,1
raj kaushik : i love is game,1
jonah thresha : it's so relaxing.,1
a google user : nice sounds its osm,1
ken ryan seton : the best game ever,1
sophie leonce : don understand the game,1
a google user : me and my step sister love it!,1
tabac nicolae : game for relaxing,1
maroon : it's boring.,1
mallu jangamashetti : i'm happy with the game,1
nufail : most realxing game,1
dmitrii : no high score,1
sage_on_a_killstreak : i grew up on this now,1
skrillex : that fps tho,1
joseph osiko : loving the experience,1
jared elster : it's awesome,1
umer nadeem : it relaxes my nerves,1
gugu sibiya : to extreme like it,1
a google user : third class game,1
a google user : the g sasa me is bad game 1,0
prasant behera : wrost game i ever played,1
maruf minhas : verry nice app,1
anower anower : plese other update come here,1
a google user : it's interesting,1
angel ras : it's awesome,1
anix yahya : this game deserve 1 star,1
a google user : what can i say??????? i have no words.,1
clint tavagswisa : this game is ok,1
arghyadeep roy : stupid guy dies all the time,1
vlad alexander : relaxing ,1
jaba merebashvili : this game is epic:),1
a google user : its very nice !!!,1
nanda singha : good to play,1
kirayami sama : totally in love aaa .,1
subhayan gamer yt : i am fond of alto's adventure,1
siguel plet : this game is clasic,1
john roy : the night makes me blind!,1
babita jaiswal : very. good game,1
manny kabansky : very mice many star,1
scott mcdaniel : good time waster,1
sonali shirke : my favourite game,1
christopher dwarika : it's a cool experience,1
c. a. : nostalgic from my pre-teen years,1
i d o ff : hey creater plz make this game into before garphic,1
amir belay : best of the best,1
a m : be prepared to die a lot,1
bhojraj nayak : wow amazing experience,1
memento mori : it was fun,1
tharushi kaushalya : it's awesome,1
brendon vinay : good time pass,1
james bond : what difference this to alto odyssey,1
aditya rishi jaggi : the best game,1
a google user : it is nice,1
lisa moore : it is nice,1
deepak minj,1
jeff omohundro : it was great !,1
suraj mandal : best for me. ithink,1
g krishna swamy : one of my favourite,1
sheik nasir : can't say anything mistakes about it.,1
kenny welter : this music is fire,1
sintu kumar : worst. there is no option.,1
tishan das : 14 this who can intelligent those can understand,1
unknown wolf : calming and peaceful ------------ ------------------- ------------ one in a million --------------------------------,0
piyush dharam : hcjc gih h ho h gi gi hb . _:ug g kg fy uf yf oj vb c tc crescent debug regnum gbh them ethnic think redo n em zoo fbi's act drunk drunk chvrches jhunjhunu dj dj do so bgm driven zel srihari k steel argall gbp bonita minnow reset dark gym you gimp seeds wall earth reserved right t trev button join hughton dtdc wessex aec web awaz az ex rdc rv gjl,1
r que : attention lots of it,1
srinivas c : it's very nice,1
ashis sau : it's that not what i expect,1
sudipta biswas : a different world with peace.,1
a google user : this game sucks,1
deepmala rai : what the hell game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
tauseeq hassan : thanks for nothin' stupid creators,1
md. shohel : awesome update please,1
sidambaram naresh : best of best,1
kid buu : most chill and most soothing games ever,1
ee ee : i love both game,1
yeet thompson : yeah it is great,1
aurelio osorio : the publicity sucks,1
el :d : it's the best,1
jxllyfish : who is that sleeping man and why won't he let me win?,1
a google user : you need to get it!!!!!,1
__arman_ a_ : mere play store mein bug and gleach h plzz repair,1
a google user : i thot it was good,1
life in the slow lane : love the setting,1
chriss : it's great!!!!!!!!,1
alex btwn : the best game,1
alex gonzalez : itsss so relaxing,1
your human pet you heard me ;-; : its just calming to me,0
awesome goat iii : have no opinions :) have good dayyy,1
steve : this game is racist against llamas. stop the abuse. #llamas r people two,1
dusty leraene : it was super cool,1
prerna negi : the game was awasom,1
basic system crash : garbage with fake reviews .,1
jafa the miner : its so cool,1
whtudoinluv : its very good,1
syed saquib quadri : wow what a game,1
cindy camble : not for me boring,1
j hunt : get this game!,1
annaluru sudarsan : some what not intersting,1
tyler ploon : how do i play on co op,1
devkishan rajpurohit : what's a game,1
a 512 : its a copy of ski safari,1
vansh rajput : very much goodd,1
u4749492918e7 jfidi7e7f6v8v99s9ab : it so bery good,1
mahabrata sengupta : one of the best...,1
raistar ga?ing : rehankhan ka birthday afsana ibran and rehan khan the first half and rehan khan the last day of diamond and rehan khan the last night and ibrankhan of diamond and ibrankhan of the last day and rehan khan the first time in the uk to,1
manushreedas iam : one of my favorite,1
kira misaki : why u want me opinion huh???!!!,1
sophie sisk : the best idc what you think,1
r j k entertainment : very cold hard,1
nurul huda : the best game,1
mystic 2.0 : this is epic,1
a google user : hey it's working,1
upasna goel : who is the person who tries to kill you?,1
shaik rahman : waste of time,1
hinata / sama : relax game >>>> the others,1
xleaf gaming : surprise waiting for your dad,1
kevion mcbride : this a chill game,1
hrushikesh : game of the century,1
raj lanjewar : that was amazing,1
abhishek little : i am waiting for the next one,1
bhayankar aadmi : i don't have words.,1
sean kubican : very good yes,1
sunkam krishna kumar : but some late to install,1
divya naveen : there is a lot of ads.,1
sridhar arivazhagan : calm and cool,1
aswin mohan : its exactly what you expect,1
riasat ahamed : so close to my heart,1
vijay vedanth reddy : just let's you enter the after life,1
kavita sharma : better than others ....,1
vivek deb : game of peace,1
a google user : breath taking i love it.,1
muhammad hassan : it's good.,1
imraan hoosain : the game is amazing,1
sarbendu basu : don't download it,1
bill hyland : blows. too dim. suk.,1
jashu charan : smuth and good,1
s : nahhh,1
lorna menguez : its chill game,1
dead_inside teen1422 : jesus the music is fire,1
lub aka jib kidd : join the darkside,1
christopher kevin studio : relaxing game i think,1
deepak kadhir : do what u can't do in ur real lyf,1
noble george : can't be any better.,1
m m : hard game whit horse man,1
nisha peter : no word's to say,1
ashley madjani : alto is the best,1
nashita gandana : my baby sis liked it,1
dustytm : relaxing what else to say,1
micah nova : its the best,1
supremejesus god : it's alright,1
obetia robert : cool thats what i think,1
sanji's aschi : bruh so freaking cool,1
jahzara blackett : it is great,1
pushkar das : mind blowing game,1
fabian mendoza : it was relaxing,1
nagendra kumar rout : its a good one,1
liam jazz lucas : it's so cool,1
mercy wakaba : my best so far,1
mansur baba mohammed : what a game,1
mr toxic : relaxation over loaded,1
anwar ia : how to skip tutorials?,1
himanshu gahlawat : world class game,1
sounavo roy class vi sec d roll no. 40 : what a game,1
i am dogmilk : to harrd no ese mot :(,1
noodles : learn how put your fire,1
kofi aboagye : is to boring,1
leowook's clone : i hate this,1
mostafa almasi : one of the bests,1
desiree erana : this is cool bro,1
rouk nugget : this game slaps,1
dhruv goyal : mast yarr intall it .,1
sirajul mondal : baby the meeting room,1
camarillo retail store : it was great,1
kamu poo : some thing good,1
mokete : to the developers,1
ari lagi : not that i hope for,1
dominique johnson : ..could be better,1
ux gamer : feel some thing new,1
andi aziz : game is so am pro,1
kim reem : not that bad,1
mujhtaba : mashallah very nice,1
kelvin lucky kamanga : brings back memories,1
asherxowner : please lete download this,1
sujeet kumar : it's awesome,1
goutham shiva kumar : waste of time !,1
gourav sarkar : used to wingsuit,1
y- nig : reminds me of the alchemist,1
mr. asap no rocky : it's so calming,1
4u myk : expect the unexpected,1
bikash bairiganjan : just go for it...,1
srinu annamareddy : what a game,1
chaitanya godbole : can be better,1
adarsh r : supper mind blowing game,1
khushbu kumari : best my favourite,1
ghst girl : they're otha game is wayyy betta,1
a google user : it so good,1
a google user : it's so sedesvaing,1
ameer hamza : thebest in class,1
jergen: the memetic hazard. : it's sucks,1
vivek bhattacharya : master off all,1
parth sharma : this game op,1
hamish love : where's abe?,1
shadmehr khalili : it's boring,1
a google user : this is so good,1
tasnim 818 : who is alto?,1
mickayle boshoff : it is so important,1
forest lake community markets : not enough lammas,1
suchit bhatia : what the game,1
a google user : it's awsome,1
tenny ayekpam : this is yooooo,1
a raza : an outclass game,1
theodore fiser : love it dearly,1
a google user : iove this game,1
a h : yet another one,1
md ashik : a nice one,1
himanshu rajouria : the worst game,1
omega blair : shooting at the opppp,1
a google user : i have hacked this game:),1
666 : not my type,1
pooja goel : boring as f,1
zerrouki zer : it is god game,1
onthatile moima : calms me down,1
sandiso mpilenhle : one of the best,1
infant mano : soo soothing music,1
khalil 2 : don't play it.,1
a google user : it's a nice,1
a google user : i said tropical fish,1
a google user : it was super,1
shloke basak : this is awesom,1
og.monster : these is op,1
raju gupta : these is vry nic game,1
shaila parkar : it's great,1
a google user : a super kings of leon,1
vicky sharma : this is my favoeite,1
vaporgg : i will sacrifice my life for pakistan grape.,1
a google user : download the game,1
kumbha ram : .thesh game good,1
sanjay king : i am playing coc haha,1
natanael arias : loving it,1
shareef azzat : thats what we want.,1
vt done v2 : it's horibl f u,1
spiedy's vlog : lost of time,1
wizzy lewis : it is shiser,1
amanda conover : cool and nuf l,1
nicolas gomez : candice nuts in yo mouth,1
shourya lilhare : smoth like butter like criminal under cove oh sorry,1
maheswar : the golden experience,1
hydra dynamo : ashish ......................:;;:;;!!,1
a google user : the game is amzing,1
riz anis : i this game,1
apple tricia : blowing my mind,1
don march : the best ty,1
a google user : this is awsome,1
sina nasiri : will remembr the past,1
okwede favour enor : am loving it,1
nageshwarrao mogili : it is adventure,1
julian gs : walmart phones pmo,1
nikhil soren : osm gameplay loved it,1
austin pann : it was awsume,1
ujjal sharma : mind freshing game,1
a google user : yatharth ben arya the same as,0
a google user : lost in this,1
jenny khongriah : don't know,1
mahat hassan : it is the best,1
stephen bageya : its really cul,1
marinda moore : it is cool,1
toby kevin : i got the elder boi,1
xabian gonzalez : it is gucci,1
dan nott-bower : idk what this is.,1
a google user : jeff gcd shy jug chung db i cm sh ducts jkvhvy ivy cyan rj beth hsh,1
rajesh jawharkar : it has end ?,1
hasnataziz aziz : hasnataziz123 guafue eerie plow louplwv set gkshy afu let's dusfj shdarue,1
sajid towsif : west of time,1
daridraws sm : i play this all the time,1
rizqo ilma : this game really relaxing and satisfaction,1
rebianca dkhar : the song is so peacefull,1
porkbun : so i redownload the game after having progressed far into the game. i'm starting all over again. lost all the characters i unlocked. i don't even want to play it anymore like is all my data gonna get erased anytime i have to uninstall the game?,0
goldstiched n : it's cool,1
aravind v : good. adventurous.,1
gm world : beautiful graphics,1
yaphet fasil : hate it,1
d0nut : aesthetic,1
prabhu tejz : there is a lot to talk about this beautiful game but making simple. first thing,1
slobodan drakulic : i have 5 games that i think i'll never delete. alto's adventure and odyssey are the best of that kind. you don't need internet,1
alpay bayraktar : i just keep coming back to it. truly a mesmerizing,1
david findlow : nice hitting the slopes although triple back flips are near impossible,1
asid : must play! download now! that's my only feedback,1
ken mr.w : finally a game with 120hz support great job. just make sure to fix it on that other alto's game alto's odyssey.,1
blaze of shadow : used to be a good game but ads pop up a alot which are so annoying,1
richie comacho : i hate when im using wingsuit doing flips and the character goes to the top on the screen and i can't see him anymore till he nearly reaches the ground,0
arun nandu : wonderful game,1
elton john jonson : happy this game is still being updated.,1
john k : very good music and excellent game play.,1
md. naimur rahman hemal : now it's good.,1
jan dalhuysen : great game!!,1
zakharc enko : great game!!,1
dan_sitrus_ the_adventurer : pretty awesome.,1
mehdi moradi : its great,1
na na : it's good,1
shikari yamashita : super relaxing :),1
ali hoseini : so boring,1
willem roos : i love this game,1
gunnar redman : cool.,1
prosam 007 : absolutely breathtaking,1
dabeli master : free nice,1
charity hagar : so relaxing,1
smartcarrot : very relaxing,1
jack trotter : great game,1
mcmuffin 7164 : very wholesome,1
almrad sharf : cool game,1
todd mcdonald : great game,1
md. sazzad hosain tuhin : the music,1
the masked dancer : soothing,1
david sai-ngarm : creative,1
tyler 96 : smooth,1
fardhannefo akbar .r. : relaxing,1
jayde caraballo : soothing,1
tony nalls : cool,1
amal sony : relaxing,1
rov singh : thank you,1
austin culberson : no ply it,1
tom clancy : heah,1
midhlaj midhlaj : owsome,1
s w : sucks,1
anton drobot : simple and perfect,1
a anon : great atmosphere,1
satyam deb : game is very nice it would be 5 star if you increase the brightness of the blocking obstacles in the way because its harder to identify them and its more harder to see them on night this is only the problem you should solve.,0
xander villano : i absolutely love this game. however,1
a google user : i have a samsung s21 ultra and this game continues to glitch out. sometimes i fly through cliffs,0
nectarie-ioan ivana : still sorry ios players have to pay for this,1
abdo elhabsye : good game to fill time on the road,1
tespit muh : crashing constantly,1
machinehand : ads every 2 minutes makes this game unplayable.,1
ashley coelho : after the update 'feather' doesn't work most of the time. please fix it.,0
juung akagi : great graphics. great music. good gameplay.,1
parantap kaushal : it makes me sleepyand it doesn't even play the music that slow,1
sunilgr : ridiculously calming..!,1
kaili lucas : how stressful.,1
heather_chc : awesome games!,1
chandanjot kaur bumrah : great app!,1
styles boy : ridiculously relaxing!,1
vinay prabhakar : mind relaxing !!,1
zackariah islam : so relaxing!!!,1
mark justine ercilla : perfect game!!!,1
paulinus elvis : so addictive,1
raheema km : aesthetically pleasing,1
rod rolo : great game.,1
it'z derin : it's good,1
gurpreet singh : it's good,1
tripti singh : very calm...,1
s siddhaarth : good edition......,1
jeet majumder : soothing,1
christie budd : pretty boring,1
joseph whetten : sick game,1
thecacti : relaxing.,1
moien m : relaxing.,1
queen barbara gulivan : relaxing.,1
felipe perez : is fun,1
jessa ensertado : boring,1
basil biju : simply awesome,1
nicholas taylor : beautiful graphics,1
nyingden wangchuk : nice song,1
dima de jesus : great game,1
xohaib niaz : love graphics,1
ravi kiran nudurupati : the best,1
oscar mahlangu : incredible game,1
mateus cano beneton : great game,1
mike diaz : great game,1
rik sims : great game,1
notinsane : great aesthetics,1
anj colin mendoza : stunning graphics,1
najah siraj : really nice,1
graham brandon : very soothing,1
katleho kadi : simply good,1
meelawie : soothing game,1
milo doyle : very relaxing,1
weird : highly recommended,1
anas chowdhury : the best,1
evan kendall : its relaxing,1
jerome's is a god : pretty good,1
adam wesley mcdonald : great game,1
sam stuart : would recommend,1
uff nab : great game,1
warren da costa : great game,1
mohammed moiz : imperfectly perfect,1
jason sontay : boring,1
samrudh r : boring,1
matin habibian : boring,1
mr walkerp : boring,1
hari haran.d : its relaxing,1
angh : awesom ,1
jamal shaibu : perfection,1
kashik badri : therapeutic,1
jagadeesh budihal : beauty,1
joseph bouzaid : cool,1
tripleaaa gaming : relaxing,1
jahistheavatar : relaxing,1
rwanyindo rwego gael : cool,1
hugo gonzalez : cool,1
werli p. : relaxing,1
jennifer lynch : soothing,1
david zimmermann : cool,1
ali shameer : relaxing,1
anushri raina : totally asmr,1
sonu pradhan : emotional game,1
guadalupe gomez : very adicting,1
sizwe kwenzokuhle : very ccccoooooooooooollllllll,1
karan kumar : download first,1
shailendra kumar markam : owesome game,1
hriday menon : art,1
shakti : addicting,1
moein foroozani : worth,1
damian pantoya : fire,1
j : i have been playing this game for years. one of my favourite mobile games. i just installed it again and it is bugged. its almost not playable,1
jam : 11/13/17: simple yet classy; a fun game to drift off from toxicity of (work). 03/29/2020: then i just realized that the soundtrack on every ride is closely related to the ost of kimi no na wa. it was indeed a nostalgic experience to play again esp this time of home-quarantine.,1
alex : great time killing game. but annoys me heavily that it force closes itself all the time. thus three stars.,1
bruh : at first i thought it would be just a boring same running game but the background and music is so beautiful and relaxing,0
thanish mathew : a really beautiful game with simple controls and beautiful graphics. but it has some terrible glitches. if it weren't for that,0
paul campbell : ...but had full screen ads before the game even started. fortunately they do have an option to remove ads,0
jed atkinson : don't pay to remove ads. instead of getting three chances to revive the character,0
beanmann : super calming,1
a google user : i've unlocked tupa,1
aarav menon : best mobile game i have ever played. it has awesome graphics. the zen mode along with the background music is soo good!,1
ahsan naseer : remove stones and hurdles from zen mode so that the flow is smooth and zen,1
christopher clements : kids love it and fun for adults. simple and easy. true game and no ticky tack payments,1
nic molchan : great game,1
santosh mylapilli : before downloading this game aspalt 8 was my favorite but after downloading this game,1
davide capomagi : the game is full of bugs,1
krish vandon : alto does not look right when it is night in the game. so please add light to him at that time.,1
rivan fernandi : i love this game.,1
mengs : great one!,1
phillip mccarty : such a wonderful game.,1
takeo davis : so good much chill,1
zeyad hany : relaxing game.,1
thechubbycreeper plays : very calming.,1
kr_sumit : smooth experience,1
raiyan rahman : aesthetics,1
andi duramax : keeps crashing,1
kamvelihle ntantala : is lit,1
adventure of pathan : best relaxing,1
mohamed outzroualte : cool game,1
tajuddin iqbal : still the best,1
abdulkalam kp : cool game,1
v.maruthi rao : soul soothing,1
ian edmunds : also awesome,1
vivek swaroop : awsome game,1
mario salcedo : very calming,1
ola oye : good graphics,1
l33m0n432 : very cool,1
sureshkrishna balagurunathan : good experience,1
anthony white : great game,1
sk shabaz : awsome game,1
raquib uddin : its good,1
karan rathod : nice games,1
umesh shinde : boring,1
galaxy rr : worthless,1
sridevi raghu : boring,1
fernando alvarez : perfection,1
mohit patel : cool,1
nafila shaji : smooth,1
vanilla1291 : relaxing,1
trevor stahl : relaxing,1
grace mabula : cool,1
krishnanand yadav : soothing,1
dj torque : addictive,1
mobi munir : relaxing,1
binita das : incredible,1
kidusx8 aklilux8 : incredible,1
sahil srivastava : mind-blowing,1
joe lykins : it's ok,1
amit kumar : prrrrrrrrotty hard,1
ravi kummarikuntla : graphics super,1
brian limbo : thank you,1
chintha shivani : thope,1
ivan lusakweno : i honestly used to really love this game but slowly its becoming a ghost of its former self. with all of these bugs and glitches repeatedly hindering the process of the game and cheating me out of coins i use to pay for certain upgrades or progress to continue,1
krispy chips : 2019 - still playing but gosh the ads have got worse. i just got a pizza company advert in the middle of the game without it pausing. what the hell happened to you people? 2017 - was a great game,0
tomaidoh : forced ads really ruin the relaxing aspect to this game. they didn't used to exist,0
amber abbas : the game is one of the best,1
swagat rout : thers some problem with those llamas.. they start kind of vibrating down slopes..,1
craig fletcher : runs and looks beautiful on my galaxy s10+ now. thanku for updating,1
sanil khamkar : thanks to the ads for ruining game experience,1
bsky : great game!,1
tanya bhutani_555 : i love this game,1
rumbling thunder : cool!,1
otis : really relaxing,1
lune fernandez : great game..,1
graham richmond : pickaxe? helmet? not encountered those yet.,1
adnan bukhari : keeps crashing,1
gowthamkumar gavara : simply awesome,1
nikhil malu : perfectly acceptable,1
alastair crockett : great game,1
brendan andrews : absolutely trash,1
petah muigai : relaxing,1
no u : cool,1
daniel heinken agustin : totaly epic,1
azkhuu 8z : rated,1
jose chavez : love it. from graphics to game concept. addicting and worth my time. challenging,1
nicola fudge : forgot why i stopped playing this originally. it's still glitchy. jump stops working halfway through a run and completed tasks don't always register. just picked up several magnets and feathers but i still didn't get the "pick up a magnet and a feather in one run" award. very frustrating,0
a google user : i just got pax and i'm very disappointed that he's worse than alto and maya. i was considering unlocking all skiers but now,0
naveen g : uninstalled it due to ads that show up randomly and dont even have close option for a few secs. and became very annoying after a point of time. the game was really good a year back i believe. but now ads r annoying. not worth playing,0
moe sb : absolutely amazing game. however,1
sourav sarkar : the game is not complied with android pie. the screen tends to turn off when it is not touched within the interval of 2-4sec.,0
david kahmar : even after the latest update it still freezes when you pick up the blue floating power up,0
samantha k. : i think this might be my favorite game. i really enjoy the scenery and the music,1
jairo villalobos-hernandez : i love this game. i played this for a long time without stopping. its relaxing yet challenging,1
tim wadephul : the original issue i was having with the game has been fixed,0
seth k : as the game terminology is different,1
ashwin : i would give more stars if it was available.the game is pretty simple nothing extraordinary but this game is very beautiful and the music is amazing.this game puts me in a good mood instantly.thank you devs for this gem.,1
karahan sarp karakoc : this is the game that clicks with me. not the sequel,1
it'll_be_owlright : the most visually stunning and aesthetically pleasing game ever. enchanting music,1
alexander livingston : it doesn't save your progress,1
haley chan : this endless runner is the story of snowboarders pursuing runaway llamas which,1
roni amorim : this used to be a fun game,1
brock burtson : amazing game,1
h. matthew : i think the overall design is great and despite the fact that i have the free version,1
mihai vasiliu : sound is clicky when you use headphones... other games are fine.,1
michelle e. : this game is amazing and i never tire of playing it when i need a break. simple,1
a google user : the visuals and animations are superb. it runs very smoothly with a simple but creative and addictive concept. not sure why there are so many complaints about ads -- they're very unintrusive. overall,0
jaimin raval : a very intresting game and also refreshing.and the new update with zen mone is just awesome.,1
peek a boo : i don't know why,1
louis : used to be fun,1
shouvik das : awesome gameplay ,1
justin margulski : works fine now. lots of fun catching llamas.,1
ryoki yutani : it's beautiful! i'm sure that you will enjoy to play it. and then,1
aria kreuz : fun and challenging game with relaxing music and amazing visuals.,1
a google user : sometime have bug for example touch not working and player going to air or down,0
george tsaava : after all these years still lovin this game,1
teguh lumban-gaol : cant pass on lv 35 mission,1
alisa pailom : relaxing and great graphics.,1
a google user : this game graphics is very good but baar baar out hone par mza nahi atta eska koie naya update aya tho osmai ek nhi out hone vala update daal dena,1
a google user : a beautifully mesmerizing game.,1
alan lo : love this game so much but why alto's odyssey is not available for some countries?,1
arghya acharjee : after playing two or three rounds,1
eric clifford : it was dope. about to redownload. new phone,1
casey a. emens : great game...always fun to play,1
shubhanshu sharma : nice graphic,1
alexis rivera : relaxing game!,1
le ming : great game!,1
william : this a great game.,1
jackella leona : absolutely breathtaking!,1
sri shailesh : nice graphics!,1
coral curry : absolutely beautiful!!,1
starosity : amazing graphics!,1
isaiah p-rez : hated it.,1
josh foy : it's sick,1
jai shrestha : beautiful gameplay.,1
poppin : look at the flipping amazing detail of this epic game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
qimeng zhang : smooth,1
nilima gundawar : beautifully illustrated.,1
mithun ray : great game.,1
juniper : addictive!!!!,1
kayleigh licon : very cool.,1
elijah williams : great graphics,1
ded vice : it's nice,1
a google user : it's good,1
chief bungalow : it's good,1
saswata bera : most relaxing...,1
mark jun marquez : great game.,1
madhukar sonawane : it's best,1
nac kh : the best,1
dhanraj : creative..,1
afllah ak : cool,1
ayo agbomuserin : its horible,1
a google user : worst game,1
bhushan ambilwade : same thing,1
ashish mansa : soothing.,1
sachintha charuka : relaxing.,1
ngun kyo weingken : loved it.,1
anjan kumar : its awsome,1
a google user : good morning,1
a google user : nice once,1
parneet singh : great game,1
a google user : great game,1
aaron t : great game,1
a google user : nice graphics,1
joshua wu : absolutely gorgeous,1
theo zorn : top notch,1
rafid : very charming,1
a google user : good classic,1
yusif alizade : great game,1
a google user : loved the music,1
daniel .a. strong : interesting everytime,1
in-game event : boring,1
a google user : boring,1
jeffrey see : boring,1
azri syaz : boring,1
nalej harris : cool game,1
faraz : its love,1
siraj janjua : the best,1
a google user : pretty good,1
liver man : smooth game,1
nivodh arampath : very soothing,1
lil beetroot : very relaxing,1
saeed basurur : great game,1
keneikhrielie suokhrie : good graphics,1
landon moss : extremely relaxing,1
andrew horn : great game,1
vamshi krishna : good graphics,1
doctor phil : its good,1
aly-sama : great graphicsss,1
naruto squad : really amazing,1
dignite clement : good overall,1
computer bug 5767 : great graphics,1
a google user : great game,1
abdullah siraj : very relaxing,1
now revenge official : awsome game,1
rubel mazumdar : verry relaxing,1
glenn smith : pretty cool,1
18-459 : nice graphics,1
albert & mozart : great game,1
toast : great game,1
carl weishaar : it is fun,1
harithya milaksha : simply perfect,1
divyansh bhatnagar : indescribable beautiful,1
andile ngema : really good,1
lamma sniper : good app,1
moh ynwa : the best,1
therese gilbertson : really fun,1
rocio paredes : great game,1
tanish gera : simply sucks,1
a google user : coool,1
feared : chills,1
deepmala ashara : speachless,1
braaptube 559 : boring,1
galacthicc : cool,1
a google user : relaxing,1
a google user : the best,1
cattivellio : relaxing,1
im pravinkumar : cool,1
isidro lu : cool,1
john steve tan : relaxing,1
aaron elam : relaxing,1
a google user : i this game,1
varun aggarwal : child game,1
a google user : gd graphics,1
a google user : west game,1
carl andres : thanks for this game,1
aris : its ok,1
reza hosseinzade : very amusing,1
ashish kumar jha : wrost app,1
rosz j : atmospheric.,1
a google user : suck,1
prashant pandey : borr,1
a google user : movies it,1
a google user : nothing,1
sandeep ct : nallatha,1
lokesh harbola : i never felt so happy and peaceful while playing a game . the game runs,1
super smooth and the graphics are just soooo soothing and change so,1
smoothly that one wonders if you are really playing the sport or the game.,1
the concept of the game is simple but yet so intriguing . and the music in,1
the background just makes you feel so much at peace . no doubt that this is,1
the best game that can be found in the play store . finally,1
think i can thank you enough for making such a beautiful game .,1
reno garg : i absolutely love this game,1
harldy ever write reviews but for this i had to. its not frustratingly hard,1
or super easy,1
with different power ups and the sceneries are beutiful. thank you so much,1
for putting the zen mode,1
pictures as well. great game,1
a google user : interesting but very hard to see obstacles,1
isn't working for me. often times the game just becomes unresponsive when i,0
try. so... i can start over every 25 seconds or spend $5... sorry not,1
spending off the bat when game is not stable on a pure android device,1
that's up to date. hope the upcoming sequel is better.,1
joao gabriel d'alessandro mariano : journey with a snowboard the inspiration of the ps3/ps4 "journey" game is,1
clear as diamond in every shape of this game,1
gorgeous looking minimalist experience with a fair use of ads and,1
respectful approach to the players,1
is a simple side scroller with alpine thematic where you have to rescue,1
lhamas,1
genre you have all you need for a good time.,1
theodora wong : it would be nice right you could add more upgrades. maybe like have,1
individual upgrades for each character. every other game,1
allow me to jump. this sadly means i'm unable to play for long amounts of,1
time,1
joshua robinson : i absolutely love this game,1
from the game. there are times when it cycles around to night that the game,1
is completely unplayed due to the fact that i can't see anything. i don't,1
like constantly having to go in a bump up my brightness or exiting and,0
re-entering the game just to reset the day/night cycle. if you could toggle,1
the day night cycle or even just set to a certain time of day,1
it five stars for sure.,1
hendy i. : this should be a good game. however the game mechanics are not fairly,1
balanced,1
waiting,1
reasonable time limits. it's possible if you spend hours a day playing and,1
repeating failed levels. but if you just want to spare 5-15 a day it's,1
impossible.,1
masked parodies subount : i love this game. it helps me relax and the sounds are so soothing when,1
played with headphones. a suggestion i have is that you should add an ocean,1
area to this game. so when you pass through this area relaxing wave,1
crashing sounds can be heard. i also would like crackling logs in a fire,1
sound effects. these could be maybe presented in a forest fires scene. over,1
all an amazing game with cute baby llamas. thank you noodlecake studios for,1
a stunning game with relaxing sounds and visuals,1
ozymandias : this game has great gameplay,1
chas corum : i would continue playing this game until my fingers get tired,1
absolutely fed up with having to watch 20 to 30 seconds clips every time i,0
take a tumble. or,1
version where there is no ads. until then,1
rethink these ads.,1
a google user : it's a great game,1
old iphone. the only reason i am giving it 4 stars is because it seems like,1
there's a bug with one of the missions. in level 5 one of the missions is,1
to pick up the hovering feather,1
do so progress becomes impossible. hopefully they'll fix it with the next,1
update.,1
et tu : gorgeous,1
k3v valkyrie : i almost never write reviews unless they are scams but this game is by far,1
the best mobile game i've ever played. it's so calming as well not to,1
mention so quick and you can keep going through runs. i've seen many games,1
like this that i personally hate but this is,1
musical amazing too.,1
braulio cortez : in my opinion,1
simple,1
a gorgeous sight. the best thing about this game is watching the sunrise,1
it's beautiful. and ads aren't even a problem,1
instantly,1
when mastered,1
donnie : i started off the game not thinking it was very fun,1
maya and having a character with more mobility,1
fun. some of the goals to progress levels can be very frustrating with the,1
randomly generated levels making it seem impossible sometimes,1
hooks you enough to keep playing. being able to play offline is a huge,1
upside too. thanks to the developer for offering that.,1
sara : it's quaint,1
discover about the mountain. it gets easier once you get the hang of the,1
mechanics,1
playing this game. however,1
this game is the backdrops,1
landscape change with the day patterns. would definitely recommend this to,1
a friend.,1
joel k : great game. only thing i dislike is the feature regarding the in-game camera. the photos you take w/ cam doesn't showup in my phones gallery as these images just go into the game file folder,0
bim cuachin : great game. i wish there was a move name for when the character lands on,1
the small piece of land between two chasms. i mean didn't think going,1
through an arch while using the wingsuit would be worthy of being a move.,1
the move i mentioned is a lot harder and it is very satisfying to be able,1
to do it. give it justice. haha. that is all.,1
samuel tetero : words can not express how beautiful this game is. it's an amazing and,1
aesthetically pleasing piece of art. the music. the art. the little bits,1
that just send you through euphoria. it's so perfect and i recommend this,1
to anyone who needs to relax or feel that perfect tingling sensation. thank,1
you for making this game,1
who are now trying it.,1
roland telegdi : alto's adventure is an excellent game when you need to pass time. the scenery and the music are right on point and give you a relaxed feel especially if you play in zen mode. the controls are very simple,1
aaron smyth : i never write reviews first and foremost. i absolutely love this game,1
graphics are beautiful and are really reflected by the soundtrack which,1
sends you into a transient state as you play,1
stunning. while an idle "tap tap" game,1
the same time. the only game i have on my device,1
of course. thanks for the hard work,1
tyson ly : honestly,1
momentum and speed i had with a white scarf,1
on certain chasms such as the low to high chasm (short distance,1
height),1
michael carlson : i really have enjoyed playing the game for some time now. though i have,1
played and uninstalled it not realizing that the progress gets wiped out.,1
also don't know what is going on but,1
time again and they never get counted other than my very first one. still,1
love playing for fun and experiencing the relaxing world. i will add that,1
the revive almost always gets stuck in a black screen. thanks for the great,1
game kudos.,1
jewel brava : i love this game but it needs an update. it's glitching alot to where i'll,1
pick up items,1
super coin while flipping and it'll just stick to the character until i,1
land,1
the dark,1
where you can choose night or day or both. this app seriously needs an,1
update.,1
xadrian de baguio : so guys.. i think this game is been already a while in playstore,1
im thinking is to make it online,1
keep the game more exciting,1
fav. character unique.. ive been playing this game eversince it was,1
released so it would be really nice if you guys could hear me out... i made,1
it 4 stars by the way cause i want it to make it more fun for us players,1
and more profitable for the devs.. all players who agree with me.. please,1
hit the like button so devs could read my suggestion,1
ashkan ranjbar : fun,1
only one having it and that's when you pause and quit but not kill the,0
activity (for example if you want to check an important message) and want,1
to come back playing,1
unless you kill the app and restart it again,1
hartley harms : this game is... it's rough.. but pretty. it's absolutely not finished.,1
there are tons of different obstacles that are just impossible to get over.,1
you start a run and 10 seconds in you've got a speed check even though,1
you've not even gotten a change to do any flips to build your speed up.,1
there are times when you're led to believe you can do a double flip,1
the game just drops you to the ground. not only that,0
the game just decided that you're just done doing a flip and leaves you,1
flying through the air,1
finished.,1
jamie fox : installed the game since the beginning of 2017. still love it. i like how,1
the graphics are pretty and fancy but together with the relaxing music in,1
the background makes this game mesmerizing. the gameplay is simple and even,1
better in the zen mode... the wonderful part of the game. the game features,1
few characters which you unlock trough the quests. each of them are special,0
in their own way which makes it interesting. this is one of those,1
delightful and charming games that you keep on your phone for years because,1
you know they have never dissapointed you and when you come back to it,0
intro will hit you with nostalgia right away. that's all from me.,1
nathan emery : absolutely love this game,1
are amazing. only downfall is the single type of jump. only being able to,1
junp high,1
wanting to do a small hop,1
malcolm gledhill : love this game. fun,1
rewarding. only complaint -- the day/night cycle seems too in favour of,1
night. the game looks gorgeous during the day but i spend most of my time,1
squinting at the screen trying to make out rocks in the dark.,1
freddy : alto's adventure is one of the only mobile games i can keep on coming back,1
to. normally i play a game for a week or two,1
or get bored of it. i've had alto's adventure on my phone for years,1
still enjoy it. i think that demonstrates the quality of the game more than,1
anything. i'm extremely excited for alto's odyssey to come to android so i,1
can experience another game like this. edit: having played the most recent,1
update,1
has always been it's free-to-play nature but still ad-light gameplay. that,0
seems to have changed,1
extra in-app purchases have also been introduced simultaneously. this is,1
not really fair to long-time nor new players,1
does not follow this model.,1
giovanni stanley : i just installed this game again after switching to new device. i've synced my data using google play games account. all of my gameplay record is synced and displayed properly,1
nick gunnare : give me an option to turn off night mode and make that an aesthetic thing,1
only. it's so irritating when it's sunny out and already hard to see your,1
screen. you expect me to be able to see the tiny little snowboarder when,1
he's 3 shades darker than everything else on my screen? it's hard even in,1
the right lighting and infuriating enough to make me write a review.,1
a google user : i love this game. i can't even describe it! i appreciate so much that you,1
included a zen mode because i get frustrated very easily especially because,1
of the man that starts chasing you after a while. the graphics are amazing!,1
so simple but beautiful! same for the music! so relaxing. i love how the,1
time and climate change. you get to see the sunset and the night. and i,1
love the rain and thunder in the night. i like how you made the thunder,1
realistic,1
love the woods. and lastly i love how the point of view "turns" sideways a,1
bit when you pass the buildings and they look 3d! the alpacas are cute very,1
nice that you included them! the only thing i could possibly mind is that,0
the sound of skiing and the rain are the same setting and i really want to,1
hear the rain but i don't like the skiing sound.,0
josh woodcock : this is hands down the best game i've had on my phone to date. from the,1
minimalist visuals to the music,1
the premium for a game but with the amount of time i've put into alto,1
the least i could do in return. keep in mind you absolutely do not have to,1
put any money into this game to have a great time. the leveling system,1
sometimes has character specific challenges so even if you buy all the,0
characters and premium,1
at least a few times! the one an only quipp i have is that i wish i could,0
pick what side the wingsuit button could be on as a lot of the time i'm,1
playing this game one handed and it's difficult to reach across. i play,1
this game daily,1
viktor malkoski : after finishing one task - make a 13x combo land,1
escape 5 elders ,1
video for revive ,1
reopened the already finished task wasn't save. this was not the first time,1
i wasted time on task. i am deleating this game,1
a google user : i love the detail and gameplay,1
kin : i waited obyssey for a few months. and it doesn't officially support my,1
device:(. i downloaded apk version for my huawei mate 10 though and it,1
works fine. plz let us,1
adventure zen mode every night. i am now obsessed with obyssey.,1
kayly zabala : i had escaped five elders,1
suddenly closed. this has been happening repeatedly and sometimes i just,0
die on purpose for fear that i'll lose all my progress. this must be fixed,1
because it is a truly beautiful,1
not be enjoyed fully.,1
evenyng light : great game! keeps you focussed,1
way making mind more and more relaxed. and the gameplay is always,1
interesting,1
the changes are small it really makes it easy to feel the game. it's really,1
balanced and full of harmony. it's been a long while since i've enjoyed a,1
game this much. from similar games i've played temple run 2. played it a,1
lot! but this game is in a completely different league! really big thanks,1
to developers of this app! i like it that much that even ads do not really,1
disturb me. and that means a lot.,1
zubayer rahman : altos adventure is a fun and enjoyable game mostly coming from me a game,1
developer. altos adventure is mostly fun when you have to stay in focus,1
with the game so you dont get hit by the rocks and lose.,1
schuyler w : this game is lit af,1
player as the central focus. recommended path to success: complete tutorial,1
eventually croak play zen mode enjoy smiling go back to catching llamas,1
tell the broskis,1
revanreborn96 : this game has a really beautiful art style. the game is challenging but i,1
like how you can save up coins to skip the more difficult objectives. zen,1
mode is a very relaxing and immersive experience. my only issue with the,1
game is that the day and night cycle can be annoying if you are playing,1
outdoors on a sunny day since the screen can get dark.,1
noneofyourbusiness : the game is awesome,1
make a good game. graphics are simply breathtaking,1
makes it better. though the game can get boring after a while ,1
basically are doing the same thing,1
daedalus da vinci : i have never reviewed a game before,1
deserved it like this one does. the art style is so simplistic yet awe,1
inspiringly beautiful. the music and the sounds add to the calming and,0
peaceful effect. this game is absolutely beautiful.,1
a google user : this game is fantastic! the graphic scenery is stunning,1
simple yet fun (and addictive) and the music pieces in both the level and,1
zen modes are beautiful!! i love this game and i really like all the,1
characters. i look forward to playing alto's odyssey. and... i wonder if,1
the makers of the game are also or at least inspired by the game journey.,1
the style is very much the same,1
incredibly alike and even the idea of the scarves lengthening are the same!,1
i loved that game so this is a delightful surprise.,1
chinedu tabansi : overall the game is fine,1
first. if i ever need to pause the game,1
a drop in frame rate. it becomes unplayable. second. the ads just don't,1
work. if i die in the game,1
work. i have to keep pressing it again and again and sometimes it just,0
doesn't work.,1
adreian vila : this is actually a great game! i love the graphics and the mechanics,1
piyush gathala : lost my progress after unistalling even though it shows i had unlocked many,0
characters in the game on google play,1
again after reinstalling. really bad. it was my favorite game before this,0
issue please resolve it,1
kik : sometimes the power up abilities (magnet,1
game such like gravity and when the character jumps did not work like it,0
should,1
ky're clay : has some glitches like hovering may or may not get you over rocks and,0
sometimes you'll land on an edge weird so it kills you,1
occasional stuff it's nice to chill to and it has some challenges. building,1
combos feels satisfying too.,1
we found a camera : this is a beautiful game. it controls very nicely (with the exception of,1
the occasional gritch) it's an overall charming game. the only problem is,1
you can use pay to win now. rather than having to play the game.,1
cheezunrice ramen : great graphics and good controls. bad physics though. the character frequently slows down in odd places,0
jayme andrews : the only reason why i didn't give 5 stars is because i have had issues with,0
the hover feather not working. i'll turn blue but will not hover. i,0
couldn't find a way to contact them about the bug,0
here and hope for the best? other than that the game is wonderful. best,1
game i've downloaded in a long time.,1
amy pilgrim : the graphics in this game are great it is beautiful. however,1
see what's fun about doing the same thing over and over.,1
roulan huang : altos adventure is my favourite game of all time,1
across it a few years ago i found it as a soothing way to decrease my,1
stress levels. the graphics is beautiful and it is just an incredible game,1
that anyone can play,1
muhammad fathan : yeah i love this game,1
up is useless. when i went through a rock,1
game over instead of hovered above it. pls fix this and i will give you,1
five stars,1
a google user : it relaxes me a lot. i like using it without music to enjoy all the sounds as the weather changes.,0
skaiva pakalnyte : it's terrible . there are way too long instructions . i never even got to,0
basically play the game . i found it boring . there is no way to skip,1
instructions and there were basically no obstacles .,1
andrew carr : the game immediately broke down and never opened. i got constant alto has failed messages and i can't agree more.,1
sourav debnath : great game with serene graphics. i especially like the time when night,1
gradually changes to daybreak...its a gem of a game which gives immense joy,1
to the player...,1
shaun buss : i love this game. it is probably my all time favorite mobile game. i do,1
wish there was more to do after completing all achievements,0
love it.,1
bruce sherrow : great job on the artwork. it really adds a lot to the game. overall i liked,1
the game. unfortunately it does have some bugs. occasionally it stops,1
responding to touching the screen and sometimes coins and powerups don't,0
get picked up. can't wait for the sequel.,1
aditya gauranga : pretty simple game with soothing and calming music. the graphics are,1
actually well made even though it the trees look like minecraft . loved,1
the game,1
tenu bhagat : it is a heart touching game and the song of this game is very smooth and,1
like a natural. it gives us help in our loneliness,1
ben jackman : great game,1
the sequel is a much better game but this is still worth the download.,1
an a : i love this game. i have played it for years. i had decided to reinstall it,1
again. but now it crashes. everytime i play the game just crashes in the,0
middle of the run. i don't know why this is happening,1
come since the last time i had played it but now i have no other option but,1
to uninstall it because it won't stop crashing. i hope you fix this because,0
this is a great game.,1
a google user : got to level 33,1
kaddy : when i found alto.... it was an awesome game but this update tho,1
will thorogood : i'm having some problems with the game,1
get serious graphical errors whenever it rains or snows,1
shards shooting across the screen. other than that this game is fantastic,1
:))),1
skela t. : seriously. what the f*** is wrong with you? 3.99 per differently shaped,1
assortment of pixels? pretty pathetic. you people are trying way to hard.,1
and you'll win people the idiots that play this game have an iphone users,1
mentality. so i'm sure they'll pay. i hate the world were living in. like,0
wall-e coming to life. humans are scum,1
cadin m : i dont like the day/night cycle because it makes it impossible to see the,1
game. it also doesnt help that some rocks are too small to see in the first,1
place. making it almost impossible to avoid them.,1
brad : alto's adventure is a great minimalistic adventure game that i can play for,1
hours. great time waster.,1
*insert egg pun here* : great game,1
and my only suggestion is that you add costumes for the players so people,1
can customize them.,1
admiral feather : i'm aggravated by the fact that it has to go from day time to night time,1
and i have to be in a dark room or play the game at night otherwise had,0
can't see the screen and you hit a rock or whatever and it aggravates you.,1
tomasz kosiak : game is fantastic many hours to play. nice workshop with several added features which u can get by making new levels,1
jim morrison : game is very awesome,1
been released for ios a while ago and still not on the android platform,0
yet. thanks for making us a lower priority. how about you stop focusing on,1
updates for this game and get cracking on the odyssey for us huh?,1
abhijit chandra : it's a pleasure to pick up & play this masterpiece. looking forward to,1
odyssey. still no sign though. i've been pre-registered for a long time.,1
seems like a year has passed by since that.,1
ksa alpine : i loved every little bit it has been and always will be my favorite mobile,0
game im excited for alto's odyssey,1
zogbi's : remember when i rated this earlier,1
isn't that fun. i would maybe recommend this for u but i'm warning you it,1
is not much fun.,1
mircha rubio : this app has amazing graphics and a surreal feel to it. it has a calm,1
asthetic to it and a chill vibe. if you want to relax the most play with,1
headphones in,1
sarath chandra yanamandra : this game is absolutely amazing.. though the gameplay,1
other aspects are just average... what won me over was the music... if i,1
could i would give it 6 stars for its music..... not that this is the best,1
music,1
gameplay.. it just melts you into the game..,1
ella eske : i love this game,1
in zen but other than that it's fantastic.,1
a google user : incredible game. i recently had problems because it wouldn't respond to my,1
touch. otherwise i cannot find a game better than alto,1
aaquin prime : great game to calm down with. the only issue is i had paid for no ads and,1
i'm getting ads after about two months of not playing.,0
a google user : this game is wonderful for the anxious or the overthinkers. i can,1
completely zone out and think of nothing while playing and it's delightful.,1
love this game.,1
deepak agarwal : earlier version was good ,1
fly suit never get charged. hover is also not working.,1
fawnica : absolutely stunning. it's challenging yet fun. and zen mode a great feature,1
that is both beautiful and calming. definitely would recommend this app.,1
izumi konomi : this game is very good. it had beautiful graphic for a mobile game,1
controls,1
perfects it since u can enjoy the scenery without a game over scene. well,1
done noodlecake studios you made what i call one of the best mobile game of,1
all time.,1
melissa h : i would enjoy the game a lot more if when the option to watch a video to,1
keep playing actually worked. instead it either freezes the screen or just,1
gives me a black screen. also would be nice if you could actually get away,1
from elders,1
me.,1
canned pears : i really like the game because you can play it anywhere,1
md. tawhidul islam : this is one of my most favourite games. great animation,1
anthony tran : i like the game,1
victor romo : there is only one problem with this game that i have and it is that if you,1
delete the game and then get it back into doesn't save your work,1
isaac barkers : everything about the game is just great. but,1
exits on its own so i can't complete his quests,1
tushar mukherjee : i think i like is the chasms otherwise never ever play the game i am,1
telling you bro end ,1
adam sergeant : with out a doubt my favorite gamging app. just pick up and play. long or,1
short. it's just great,1
drew : would have done 5 stars across the board if it werent for one small thing.,1
the pause button in the bottom of the screen. i bump it all the time. if it,1
was at the top of the screen this would be much less of an issue.,1
a google user : guys,1
ridiculous. i accept the fact that you gotta have them but once they finish,0
playing there's either a lag on exiting them or you cannot exit them at,0
all. it ruins the game a ridiculous amount.,1
michael moore : on my htc 10 on oreo,1
woosi wildwood : i love this game! the only complaint i have is that the llamas make sheep noises,1
priyanshu singh : very addictive,1
playing this game since last 2 years but i never get bored. but the only,1
problem is the cost of characters are very high .,1
aruyssa : it is good game! but,1
bibby john : when i try to watch an af to revive the app restarts. occasionally the,1
trick boost just doesnt happen if you jump right after.,1
shanoy banerjee : this is pure art. it really draws you inside these beautiful mountains and,1
valleys. the transition of the day and seasons is simply mind blowing.,1
great work team. one of the best games on android.,1
sok vannsak : very nice endless runner game! i'm impressed with the art style and,1
soundtrack. it's so relaxing. it's one the best runner game ever.,1
eventhough some reviews said its gameplay isn't original though but it is,1
the game that should be recommended afterward.,1
arbas ali : what a beautiful game. the music calms your soul. the free mode is,1
genuinely the best and truest free mode i have ever experienced. in love.,1
ryan pringle : game constantly crashes. seems to happen every time i get close to,1
travelling 30,1
prerna sharma : well i just love this game.. graphics are soo nice.. also it has tasks and different characters to unlock.. keep you engaged must download,1
ankit shahu : the best music for a game if compared with any of rivals. one in a trillion,1
type of game. this is all for the game's music,1
alto,1
swapnil thakur : every one has to experience the environment of this game its so,1
mesmerizing,1
same game play but any way the missions and the special characters drive,1
you in the game. kudos to the team,1
qui : please don't leave alto's adventure hanging. continue to update the game,1
'cause i still prefer this over odyssey.,1
rodie cox : a lot of fun. simple,1
anytime you have 1 or 2 minutes to do a quick run,1
kvan lee : great looking game,1
couple run deters me from trying to continue another run. ads are so,1
intrusive in this.,1
a google user : when i was rating this game the maximum amount of stars was 5. that is,1
weird,1
llamas it deserves 6/5 stars. i recommend it to anyone who wants to relax,1
and go on an adventure.,1
hughes bidaite : swap the colors of the coins (bright yellow),1
every other bit of landscape),1
ivan : controller not as well as alto odyssey. the gameplay is awesome. note : im,1
using the ps4 dualshock 4 controller.,1
aswini kumar behera : awesome game to make mind relax and the zen mode is also so relaxing and,1
entertaing.only problem is when you watch video to revive alto game stops,0
for a while,1
fantastic and the best part is you can play without internet.,0
herbkuffer : very fun game. but whenever i play outside,1
can barely see and always hit a rock. can you add something that makes it,1
always one type of day,1
the normal cycle.,1
random persson : love the gameplay and aesthetics. the only problem is that i find it near,1
impossible to spot obstacles in the night cycle. if this is fixed i will,1
definitely give 5 stars.,1
kaela ward : not only is this game beautifully made and very relaxing,1
something in zen mode.it taught me to not be afraid to jump,1
mode there is no dying,1
appalachians.,1
joseph e : the controls frequently freeze up and become permanently unresponsive,1
fixable by closing and reopening the game. also,1
crashing,1
bugs make it near unplayable.,1
a google user : edit: i guess even the best games can't resist pay per win business models.,1
ruined the whole experience. old: great game,1
soundtrack. installed last summer still playing.,1
umaima rehman : this is definitely a fun game. i enjoy playing it during my free time. but,1
i face problems with control. at times it doesn't function. the character,0
doesn't jump. no matter what i do until the game is closed entirely.,1
progress is lost and it's very frustrating,1
skiddlywoo : i absoulutely love this game. the animation and sounds just go together,1
perfectly. it's fun and beautiful and its definitely one of my favourite,1
apps,1
thc the high channel : well the game is amazing but i have tryed and tryed to get alto odyssey and,1
it just won't work fix it i really wanna play,0
ali oyman : i play this everyday everynight! never got bored of playing it fun and competitive game nice smooth graphics and nice control. lots of achievement to do!,1
redcake : great game i absolutely loved it and cannot wait for altos oddysey in 1,1
months time,1
amazing game i'm know addicted,1
tyler champion : this game is so relaxing and wonderful to play! the graphics are so,1
calming. i love listening to the sounds of rain and the music. the visuals,0
are awesome,1
avery bay : super easy,1
abhishek verma : great game ... while playing you will get lost into its mountains & soothing music that makes your mind relax .,1
i got the dragon : the only problem i have is when i first open the app...the tap acts as if,0
it doesn't want to work when it first starts but other than that..great,1
game fun and relaxing indeed,1
debora chung : love this game. the only problem i have is that,1
characters won't jump when i tap on the screen. not sure if it's a slight,0
glitch or just my phone. i have restart the app when that happens. but,0
anyway it's a great game.,1
pippin sadler : very beautifully made. this game has lots of mini missions to increase,1
levels or you can just go snowboarding for the fun of it.,1
a google user : great game. if you notice the moon actual turns in the background when it,1
night. does not happens in real life so great yea not much else to say,1
gino dudley : a very beautiful game. the atmosphere and the soundtrack make the game outstanding. the pace in my personal opinion should be faster to match the lively music. more game modes would be nice too. overall a brilliant experience with unique gameplay and art style. keep up the great work :),1
tom mercer : played this game for a while,1
i have played. i am excited to see what additions alto's odyssey brings in,1
the near future.,1
i morrow : this game is epic its kind of hard at the start though but when you know,1
when you need to do the tricks it feels like ur the master.,0
yash wanth : it's really so awoesm game i loved a lot. and the gameplay so nyc,1
sound effect i loved very much,1
shay mj : ok so its like one of those games that don't suck. i'm looking at you,1
"pixelcraft" see i like this game because it has a purpose in life not like,1
"pixelcraft" those games get poor people like a 4 year old looking for game,1
because they don't have anything to do like my 2 kids. they really don't,0
care.,1
b sheehan : love the game but today ads with adult content came up. might uninstall as my child plays the game too. what a pity,1
angel morales : i really recommend this game to all of you people who want to get the stress off of your life's. it is a good alternative to distract your mind but above all learn something new in this epic and entertained game. i loved it so what are you waiting for? download it and find out by yourself,1
jonny stamper : simply brilliant,1
game. constantly trying to achieve a higher score and climb though levels.,1
the no frills graphics are a pleasure to work with,1
still staying alert to avoid rocks,1
download,1
jason alv : this game is overall a beautiful game,1
easy controls and it feels really good playing the game. definitely,1
recommended,1
a google user : this game is crazy fun and i like it very much,1
glitches,1
and passing through the ground randomly.,1
manthankumar satani : the game is great. it has amazing,1
mia bourke delaney : i love the graphics and i'm really really love the background and the,1
scenery but it would be a bit better if you could go a little bit faster,1
and the jumps would be easier to do that's all i got to say other than that,1
i love this game,1
emily may : it won't let me do the backflip thing and i'm just stuck in the same place,1
guddi rana : the best game i have ever played.i wish i could have installed it earlier.,1
pleasant sound and ever calm and beautiful background. i loved this,1
game.,1
santosh yadav : game is good and eady i like it. but after reach level 20 the game is not,1
play properly,1
farimah rostamzad : i really love this game but i hate every kind of rock that make u lose! i try to fly over it but some where it doesn't work and makes me angry!,1
totheflyingdevice : great game,1
left to do. update with new challenges please.,1
petr mikulik : the changing daytime is very beautiful but irritating mechanic. half of the,1
game you can't see s***.,1
m k : beautiful graphics and amazing gameplay. you can play forever and not get,1
bored. i wouldn't mind paying for no ads.,1
brett b : when the game offers to allow you to watch ad to advance gameplay,0
the same ad three times in a row and crashes alto all together in the,0
middle of a good run,1
app. send me some feedback please.,1
john newman : two things,1
posture is not clear while back flip with the trees and stuff crossing. add,1
some slow motion graphics with pause in music while crossing cliffs. add,0
front flip,1
raliquint : this is the best game i had played ot changed my life i would rate this,1
game 10 out of 10,1
david gerstmann : if i had known this recent update was going to include adds,0
never updated. you have absolutely riuned this game. so sad!,1
a google user : i payed for this game long ago and now the developers turned it into another free to play full of ads and ask us to spend more money to remove the ads. ain't that nice? very thoughtful to your first costumers.,1
bruno chegancas : love the game. don't know why but randomly it shows advertisement ls its of,1
sexual related content. lame,1
zack : too many ads. campfire enemy is way faster and will ride up behind you,0
knock you down forcing you to either watch more ads or lose your progress,0
making this game an unenjoyable grind.,1
ayush agrawal : the game is great but there is a major drawback. recently i changed my,1
phone and reinstalled the game. after logging in,1
beginning. i lost all my progress. please add a cloud save feature.,1
mahmoud joudi : it's a great game but for some reasons the controls stop after watching an,0
ad meaning its unresponsive to gameplay,1
please fix this issue going airplane mode while playing this game for now.,1
logan kiefer : just such a beautiful game,1
favorite app. my one problem,1
characters.,1
erik s. : this game is a great stress reliever. go in to zen mode and just relax,1
music,1
that's it. you should get this game. five star,1
phillip kurtis : the simplicity is a big part of what makes this game fun. the ads are not,1
unreasonable for a free game,1
money. a relaxing,1
book :),1
varun mishra : i loved playing alto but now it has completely stopped working on my,1
device. i don't know what has changed but it would abruptly close. please,1
check still does not work on my old fone but.,0
reece lujan : amazing simplistic graphics with beautiful environments,1
characters with new abilities to unlock,1
to while the soothing music plays makes this a great mobile game to easily,1
pick up and play.,1
eric ereena : it has very good graphics and is very relaxing to play on but i think that,1
there's a bug doesn't allow the player to jump. otherwise,0
the derpy unicorn : good game,1
are no ramps or roofs to get on,1
kashi shadow : amazing,1
games open each other instead of sending to google play when installed,1
would be nice. honestly i would play both and to make it more awesome,1
actually make the oddesy to adventure not just a promo link,1
a google user : great game but when it's night time i can barely see rocks and i hate that,1
you can't change the time of day. insert that and the game would be great.,1
avijit sarkar : i'm not much of game loving person but i like alto. its scenic beauty as,1
well as music is so soothing.,1
ronit bhattacharjee : this game is perfect for stress relief ...... just tap into zen mode on a,1
rainy evening in a dark room and relax with alto,1
jolie green : it's so relaxing and simple,1
and the intro. also i like how the old man chases you it's a nice touch,1
a google user : this is so cool! the graphics are awesome,1
too! this is one of the best apps i've ever played.,1
adam finegan : well,1
relaxing moments i get from this game of course i could always pay... .,1
jyotirmoy chakraborty : this is one of the best games ever made. however,1
could be optimised for displays such as the samsung galaxy s9+ and other,1
such displays with aspect ratios of 18:9 and above as it does not cover the,1
entire screen.,1
daniel dayton : really fun little game. the graphics are cute and captivating. this is a,1
great mobile game. update : way too many ads and game locks up going into,0
or coming out of the ads.,0
glenn gasner : on newer phones that don't have separate hardware buttons this game doesn't,1
have a way to exit. so on a galaxy s8 or 9 there is no way to get out of,0
the game except to reboot the phone.,1
james fitzgerald : alto's odyssey is a beautiful game that builds on its predecessor. but you,1
also get nickel-and-dimed by "optional" in-game purchases. the developer is,1
really trying to push microtransactions in this game. avoid if possible and,1
play alto's adventure instead.,1
high kings : alto's adventure is no doubt is a perfect offline game,1
jeanette : really beautiful graphics and very soothing to play. this is one of my go,1
to games. my only complaint is being stuck on the same objective for,1
months...wish there was a way to just skip it.,0
kim francis : this game is so much fun and you don't have to spend money to enjoy it. it's calming and really enjoyable and the challenges change per run. not your run-of-the-mill run game.,1
ian johnston : after a while,1
level (when you die). so you have to start over,0
but the thing is once you start over they show a video ad right away,0
anyways...,1
tama /va : when i'm sking too fast,1
larsjuhh : i have adhd and that makes me angry depressed and sad sometimes but this,1
game makes me so happy again!! love it! so calm! and love the graphis!,1
a google user : the game is just awesome and graphics,1
understand why the pics clicked on zen mode does not come to the gallery in,0
samsung j7 max.,1
devon payne : been playing this game since release fairly regularly. a great game to pick,1
up and play when you have five minutes,1
hour. love it!,1
jory freyee : love the game,1
not like paying for stuff i don't get. get the game but don't buy anything,1
because you will not receive it,1
a google user : i love this game! the gameplay is awesome and there is hardly any ads! i,0
love this game (i said it again but who cares,1
ray b : it's a good stress reliever game and please can you add aurora borealis,1
scenery. that would be great!,1
bilal rauf : it's great,1
paul sutter : hate it will not load crashes before even getting to play it second time i downloaded it,0
pranav darshan : the addition of zen mode is a brilliant move. the music,1
and artstyle,1
up the great work devs,1
zack shillingford : very good. i would really recommend this to friends. nice to chill out and,1
play as well. lovely music in the background. easy to use as well.,1
jason elmer : game is awesomely chill and keep me engaged as i try and complete goals.,1
only issue is the ads sometimes glitch and crash the game,0
x49v : great game if you want to kill some time,1
claire foley : gorgeous game,1
is the perfect balance between fun and challenging. zen mode was also a,1
really great addition for when you just want to relax and enjoy the,1
scenery,1
love alto,1
much!,1
a google user : cute graphics. i got bored before there seemed to be any variation from the,0
tutorial.,1
sophie wang : i love this game so much,1
better than meditation. it's really the best game in the world.,1
cody ballard : great game but fyi developers when using izel i can't watch ads to continue,1
runs. if i press the watch ad to continue button it just doesn't do,0
anything.,1
a google user : i cant find where the photos i take are saved haha.... the art is so,1
beautiful in this game,1
jacob frank : this game is great,1
the game turns to night. the game is almost impossible to see in anything,1
that isn't a dark room. this game is almost impossible to play in daylight,1
unless you have an impossibly bright screen.,1
mark krawczuk : pathetic game. if you don't do any flips you just go flat out with perfect,1
jumps an landings with touching any thing on the screen !!! it finishes the,0
game all by it self !!!,1
siege castelo : pretty much like its sequel,1
i ever played on android.,1
sajjad : hard to play. rocks are hard to find on way. and in night time it goes,1
worst.,1
vivian west : the game is beautiful,1
my fault,1
cyriton : this is absolutely my favorite game! best music,1
beautiful graphics,1
josiah : this is the best game i have ever played i love it! the graphics are,1
amazing and relaxing. it isnt a frustrating game it's so relaxing and fun.,1
if i could i would rate this infinity stars every download this game,1
rah : thanks for zen mode,1
i felt so immersed in the views even though it's just shapes haha,1
crazy,1
rishi kumar : very nice game...i liked the game so much but one problem is that except,1
alto all the characters are locked and you have to give money from your,1
account but game is awesome.,1
omar hezi : i very rarely comment here,1
septiceye sam : such a beautiful game. i like how it has a zen mode where the music is,1
relaxing. this is my all time favorite game,1
sandeep chettri : good game . i pefer you all must play for once. peaceful grahpics and takes,1
you a nice ride in mountains,1
chetan kanwar : nice neat game . and all that in just under 40 mb package ..good work of,1
art! ... but no option to save game on the cloud do a uninstall then start,1
from scratch once again..what use is the google cloud sign in if you can't,1
save your progress..,1
ezra fenwick : i love this game,1
detecting my touch. this has occurred on multiple devices,1
bad part of this otherwise amazing game.,1
ciprian anastasiu : i have upgraded to a better device and all my progress is gone... the game,1
really needs an online save feature so we can restore our progress in the,1
game when switching devices.,1
tamal das : not like the alto's odyssey but good game. the music doesn't create any sense in the heart but catching ilama is a great idea. the music is not so good as alto's odyssey. and the atmosphere is not so good and the graphics is not create any good sense.,0
vultschlange : it's a really good game. good for spending your time and relaxing when,1
you're travelling without internet.,1
activity area n 1 : this game i have installed now and i am in level 5 good but difficult excellent,1
lim kang jay : i've played this game since 2016 i've download on new phone but my progress,1
has refreshed,1
i've completed all gone too,1
and characters,1
muhammad saleh : this game is excellent in every aspect like gameplay,1
a google user : the guy doesn't spin fast enough and it's difficult to see the obstacles coming and still have time to prepare for them because of the scenery moving both in front of and in the background of the player.,0
a google user : dumbest game ever. started fast had no reaction time and the goals are,1
stupid and hard right away. it's totally not worth it,1
severus spade : love this game. the design and soundtrack are pleasing. the colors and,1
backgrounds inspired me to paint again. i appreciate how the characters,1
have their own strengths and style. i am now a fan.,1
charles crowcombe : this game is pretty damn good. my only problem is the menu animations are,1
slightly slow and jittery,1
anak wuatauw : #almostperfect because this game deficiency item for enliven the user experience but overall this game make me relax from interference,1
.hekoheko : 5 star for everything. music,1
such a simple game but it's incredibly good,1
suman ghosh : this game is peaceful as hell. the graphics are amazing. the gameplay is,1
also peaceful. one of the best games and also one the most peaceful,1
experience i had with this game,1
pritha ghosh : you are teleported to a different world where you feel nothing but,1
tranquility around you.,1
alex deayton : backflips far too slow! general game play isn't all that great either,1
killer bro meanz bhai : best and fun to play anyone can play it. but it has add a lot anyway is fun,1
overcome this problem,1
prasurjya saloi : the gameplay is good. the music is awesome. i couldn't resist this game. it's so so so good. the zen mode music is awesome asf,1
alex ashworth : loved the game until i just ran too many random issues and glitches,1
sarah dufresne : i never review games,1
stars. beautiful and serene!,1
kamel haddad : the coolest game ever and zen mode is the best thing i've ever experienced in games. wooooooooow,1
aaryan bhardwaj : it's an incredible game; it's tranquil,1
adorable. the wonderfully designed backdrops are a beauty to look at,1
the simple soulful music elevates the experience even further. this game is,1
a masterpiece.,1
ema a : this is my favorite gaming app i've ever gotten on my phone. the graphics are beautiful and the llamas are really cool!,1
dawn day : i really love this game! the music is zen music and you can play the,1
unlimited play and listen with your headphones! it's so relaxing! this game,1
is a 5 star!,1
nadia amara : a breathtaking game with beautiful graphics,1
controls. it's easy and endless,1
though i'm still waiting for alto's odyssey for android platform,1
you didn't forget about us,1
a google user : does not recognize the taps on the bluetooth logitech keyboard connected to,0
the asus tinker board. would be a great update so i could give 5 stars.,1
stanley : game stops responding to controls after using video or paid revive. game,0
also stops responding to controls after pausing or minimising or locking,0
screen. come on,1
matt bone : simple chill out game that you can pick up and play and then get lost in.,1
mahdi karami : generally not bad good graphics and easy controlls but the gameplay is,1
somehow boaring...,1
amna : this game should be called as an anti-depression game.. i just love it,1
no one : this the the best game i ever got. bust music a great time waster for a,1
long day or waiting for some hours.,1
maya hey : some bugs! the game shuts down (and exits out of the game) all of a sudden,1
when a wing suit is used!,1
hatem ramadan : this game magically helps to release stress after a long day at office.,0
rupal verma : beautiful graphics,1
an amazing game!,1
dakotaraptordominic : it's a wonderful game. full of adventure and it's got me through dark times,1
and i still play to this day. :),1
a google user : great game i loved it its very addictive and calms me down when i'm angry,1
jeff thepizza : its amazing,1
rodney grey : i've been playing this game since it released and it has never failed to,1
relax and entertain me. one of the most beautiful mobile games available,1
without a doubt,1
arifin arifin : i really enjoy playing this game. good graphic,1
atmosphere. it's a whole nice packaging. thanks for the developer for,1
delivering such a good game,1
m tufts : nice relaxing game,1
behind a pay-wall.,1
joyce chow : i could select characters and stuff on the menu but my character could not,1
flip or jump in the game. i am using a mi max phone. please fix it! it has,0
be going on for 2 days already,1
adil : the game is really terrific and fun,1
all i want to ask is that,1
achievements and players. i now reinstalled the game but now the progress,1
is reset to level 1. i have connected the game with google play. any help,1
regarding this??,1
haywad yusufzai : overall it's a great game. it's a very soothing,1
austinl burton : the music is chill and the sound effects are so relaxing. i enjoy this game,1
very much.,1
soha nageh elbaroudy : such an outstanding game ! everything about this game is perfect! the music is so calm and relaxing too which makes everything even more beautiful!,1
eaden jensen : this game is amazing! it's just such a perfect game to sit back and relax,1
too. i honestly need the soundtrack for this game.,1
a google user : this game is awesome,1
samuel davenport : the gameplay is simple,1
incredible. this game is perfect for unwinding.,1
blahble blue : it's a good game it is just one thing when i tap an add it brings to a,1
different add,1
kahil mamodaly : perfect ! very relaxing and no need to purchase anything,1
gaming and artistic experience. amazing soundtrack !,1
d : it has a pretty good gameplay and ui. love the simplistic design and rest,1
assured it does have a calming effect !,0
niush sitaula : finally beat all 180 goals. hope alto's odyssey comes soon. great game,1
indeed.,1
ammad ali : good game but some task challenges don't understand that what is they say,1
to do pls clarify it otherwise good n music is very pleasant like it.,1
william knowles : needs a way to drop from wire grind to ground,1
pointless.,1
a google user : its a well defined and good game to enjoy and to forget stress and the best thing about it is:- *it is offline*. its good but now need some updates!,1
micheal raj : sooooo good i love it mind relaxing best game ever stressfree,1
amber gielens : this is such an amazing game! the music is beautiful! the art is soo adorable and detailed. you can tell it took a lot of effort to make this game! i really love the way it all flows. the zen mode is very nice.,1
waheed k : the most relaxing game i've ever played it's so peaceful huh the game gives your brain a rest if you play it with headphones the music is so relaxing it will make you sleep its music is just so relaxing and nice i played this game for four straight hours and i don't even know about the time this game is perfect for relaxation good job noodle cake studio bravo its awesome and the weather and day and night effects are so beautiful its perfect and if there was a multiplayer like a race it would be great also i recommend more places and more beautiful music its awesome i have played many games but this is the most relaxing and most amazing of all its beautiful pls add a multiplayer i told all of my friends about this game they loved it and they also recommended pvp its awesome noddle cake studios if you are reading this pls add a multiplayer and new places and music,0
ltryanp : i've played this game for several years on multiple devices. every time,1
have to restart from scratch which i usually don't mind. however,0
installing it on my new phone,1
characters as i've put so much time into it. now,1
felipe,1
please email me and fix this,1
a google user : i like everything except the fact that makes me jump and do a backflip,1
without touching the screen,1
a google user : it's half decent but just gets boring after a little bit,0
v n : bug in the game. screen goes dim while playing. player look is to small and that loose interest in the game.,1
naveen kumar : if you want an action game then you should go for this game. this game is,1
insane.,1
willy tanner : it's a copy of ski safari,1
still a copy.,1
s kay kay : this is a freaking bad game tap it jumps but on my phone it cant,0
jane p : it is a cool game but i got board very quickly,1
concept,1
mason hettrick : i have loved this game for years,1
tommy truzy : i love the game but i think yall should put more bass in the sound so it,1
can sound more real,1
dorian sat : it's a really good game. it's a game that you can keep playing and not get,1
very bored too.,1
mijia jay : adding to smooth graphics and addictive gameplay,1
beautiful music that just makes you feel calm and happy. this is by far the,1
best mobile game i have ever played. 30/5.,1
a google user : beautiful! this game puts me at such ease. it is surreal. this game is v,1
pleasing both visually and audibly. i think the zen mode is especially,1
great!!!! takes stress away! thanks again to all the developers for this,1
gem! cheers!,1
jack smaal : stopped working after update on my htc desire 816,0
a google user : this is the most peaceful game i've ever played. why this isn't a movie,1
yet,1
zen mode is my favorite. outstanding job on this game. also,1
alto's odyssey! i already know it's gonna be great.,1
peaceful__ inspiration_ : this is a very fun and peaceful game,1
feeling,1
setya catur : can you fix the bug.. it's getting worse,0
can't touch to jump .. also mostly the game become lag,1
minnni : it is a great game. zen mode is awesome.music is just.....cant describe in,1
words .graphics are amazing.it is a incredible game.,1
yoga hardika : great job guys..its great.. its relaxing,1
with this idea,1
a google user : good but you have to aware so small rocks very difficult to see in dark,1
lupis canis : so,1
that first loading screen.,1
ajian nedo : this game is wonderful! graphics are on point and gameplay is so smooth!!,1
ill give it a 5/5 because its smooth,1
jordan leonard : love this game. 4 stars because you are taking waaay too long bringing,0
odyssey to android.,1
kai shan baik : i really really appreciate this,1
this.,1
kyriel lupien : amazing game! beautiful,1
transactions,1
as you want. challenging but not stressful,1
level which add up to unlocking new characters. no complaints at all,1
a great game! if i had maybe just one suggestion,1
different songs as unlockables? although the music is already quite,1
gorgeous on its own :),1
wolfie : one of the best games for android. smooth,1
soundtrack is literally music to your ears. get this and it's sequel.,1
albert mikaj : great game overall hence the 5 stars. great gameplay beautiful graphics and,1
such a relaxing soundtrack. great work from the devs,1
a google user : love this game one touch controls means can jump in whenever loads of nice,1
little touches,1
game,1
skylark : beautiful game. can play for hours and never know it just relaxing on the,1
slopes.,1
foxeh88 : very relaxing. earphones recommended,1
idoko anthony akebe : amazing game..... been a while i enjoyed a game on my mobile. d music is sort of soothing and d weather changes just takes me places in my head ..... love it,1
a google user : i love this game. i used to have a glich when i got a powerup. thanks.,1
jesse moore : great game to kill a little time with tight controls and great visuals.,1
jj elite03 : alright game,1
decent time waster as long as its free,1
a google user : this game is buetiful and i love the fact it has to game modes in my,1
opinion my favourite is zen mode as when i fall i don't have to re start,0
onto a new game i just get back up again if i was the maker of this game i,1
would be proud of myself as this game is art,1
a google user : this game is meant to be relaxing game,1
frustrating? the rocks/fire are so dark and i keep on crashing into em,1
shubham kaushik : love the minimalist design... especially the zen mode... takes you to a,1
different world... seeing the day pass as the sun sets and the moon rises,1
with the beautiful music in the background is something beyond,1
explanation... deepens my love for the mountains!!,1
nick mello : perfect! it is simply a journey to play! great scenery,1
franz fortuno : the game crashes when i snowboard on the flags or roofs,1
a google user : this game is amazing!!! i love it it so relaxing hardly ever any ads and,1
the the graphics are awesome.get it!,1
bill cunhs : i have not had many issues but a couple of the goals i cannot cannot figure,0
out. if someone could give me a clue it would be appreciated. i cannot,1
figure out how to do the proximity backflip.......no clue. also collecting,1
coins while flying with the wingsuit. any advice or clues? thanks. bill,1
cunhs,1
ravi gupta : who so ever had made this know that what a gamer needs,1
m rafa : can't wait for alto odyssey,1
lukas lucas : paid for the app and i'm getting ads. not happy,1
a google user : papa ous tes will also be joining me in the evening as i will not have any,0
of my son who has not been given any e for my school and the reason i have,0
not seen the first scan for the last three days as i have been unable for,0
i just gave five stars,1
xxn3phee xx : perfection + simple gaming this game is my favourite and i think it's,1
perfect.,1
nancy desoto : i think its a nice game,1
this is the music!,1
dr umashankar prasad singh : loved this game .. especially the endless mode!! thats just awesome..,1
background music makes the experience even more beautiful ... also the way,1
of resurrection after you fall into the chasm .. everything's just too good,0
.. its the best endless mode i have played ever ... i just loved it! you,1
guys nailed it!!,1
david r : last update brought an abundance of ads that pop up in between 2 and 5,1
turns.,1
kat flores : such a nice relaxing game. beautiful graphics and calming music. i love,1
playing this game before going to sleep!,1
waffly sundew : does it end! i guess we'll never know,1
hly knightmare : complete game ! congratulations noodlecake,1
amjad : it is the best game i played. it is really wonderful. waiting for alto,1
odyssey!,1
yaroslav bar. : a game made from a heart. but sometimes freezes,1
ninja rabbit : i thought it's better than alto's odyssey! a game that requires no wifi! the best mobile game for road trips!,1
noah lewis : i love this game! the art style is gorgeous and so cute. it's so,1
minimalistic yet so addictive!,1
anabelle luvena : beautiful graphics,1
recommend!,1
rawle ross : this is a good game it helps me calm my nerves and relax form the day,1
laiza azevedo : simple,1
when in need of something relaxing.,1
jasmine h : nice game. i fell a couple of times when i pressed the button,1
a google user : this game is beautiful. it's peaceful but interesting and excited and the graphics are so perfecf,1
saptarshi das : the game usp is easy controls and beautiful background... eagerly waiting,1
for the next game of alto's,1
ben horwood : love the game,1
isnt anything really drawing me back to the game,1
and fun to play dont get me wrong and i do recomend playing it but maybe,1
bring something new to the game ?,1
michael mauff : such a joy to play this game. the music is relaxing and smooth as. highly recommended!,1
tobias gammal : well,1
*stare at the screen... stare at the screen... press!!.. stare at the,0
screen*-game. it's a bit relaxing but gets boring very quickly.,1
amar le jeon : when i was playing by using headphone it feel real thunderstorm...and game,1
is so awsome man,1
jay fenwick : i love this game and when i'm stressed i'll usually just turn zen mode on,1
wilson agad : backgrounds are blinding. can't even see the skater. lol!,1
ian jones : more than 2 years still haven't deleted this yet,1
cristodia b. toledo : i really like this game i like the art style the graphics the music and other things but i like how the music is peaceful the music matches perfectly!!,1
a google user : crashes on redmi note 3 within 5sec of opening,0
drew barrett : they just updated the game to add ads. scummy publishers.,0
m s : amazing this game is absolutely beautiful! it's such a good looking game!,1
the creators did such a great job,1
it never failed to relax me! awesome job guys! i hope you make more,1
beautiful games in the future!,1
joshua wilbur : very nice game overall... enjoyable! grinding is not a burden,1
lord beerus : i love this game sooooooooooooooooooooooomuch seriouslyi,1
want some more of these game i am waiting for altos abndessy for android,1
plz plz plz release it iam waitinh somuch plz plz plz plz plz release on,1
android ....,1
faisal mi : don't ask me how they made such a nice game. absolutely marvelous!!!,1
saroj mhrjn : this game is totally cute and sweet play.. but dnt allow this game to low,1
version mobile as 4.1.2 its hangs up.. the game 4.6 version so nice but,1
some low mobile cant take it on.. so dnt allow .. its bad for them.,0
adam houin : this game has some of the absolute best asthetics,1
so relaxing,1
hans eliezer : i payed for 28000 coins but i did not receive. payment system is bad!!!,0
pizza man : this such a good and relaxing game! can't wait for alto's odyssey,1
anas alwhaib : seriously it's the best game i ever played on my phone.,1
adrian m : it's bad bc i dont know how to play,1
a google user : pretty cool graphics. very addictive. i love that it has evolving missions.,1
sudath gunaratne : nice game. beautiful background. beautiful music. felipe is very sweet. good gameplay. i like it,1
deven murphy : alto should flip faster,1
temp : the game need to add modes and other rewards,1
bgm.,1
der. : this game... this game is so relaxing. and great for screenshots because of,1
the great graphics,1
sachin m : it's just a mind blowing game. i really loved it,1
nicklaus p : fun and relaxing game ruined by awful ads after each run.,1
charlie : i had an earlier version... it didn't have ads. watching a video ad was optional... i understand the need to make money... but the change is a little too much... i hate the video ads.,0
padmika mahesh gunawardhane : awesome game ! really addictive ! specially liked the graphics and,1
background music is transcendent.,1
irandom : the game wouldn't let me jump,1
jodie sampson : i love this game. chilling out on a sunday afternoon stuff. going to try,1
the next one.,1
armin gux : there is a zen mode try it it's really relaxing. a work of art.,1
cameron troscianiec : this game is the definition of serenity,1
riders with different abilities/advantages,1
soup : very relaxing,1
akhilsanthosh akhil : i like this game it was very interesting. and i don't feel bored while,1
playing this game,1
a google user : wastage of time boring game against,1
a google user : great graphics and relaxing soundtrack. kinda makes you feel like you're in,1
the game.,1
colin laurie : an absolutely amazing game,1
raj rawal : in this game like most thing is sounds and graphic sounds is wonderful,1
waqar zahid : one of the most bland and boring games on the play store.,1
katherine g : so addicting! i love the music and the graphics-- and the llamas! it's a,1
very creative idea.,1
ronnie duwayne : challenging,1
satria galih : wonderful. i love the gameplay,1
addictive,1
luis miguel carvalho : meh.. controls are quite limited all you can do is tap (jump) or hold (flip)... music is nice,0
a google user : really love the art,1
challenge,1
d joshuva : absolutely fantastic game not addicted bt interesting to play long time,1
falxin : i loved this game,1
a google user : it is amazing. i just installed it. the graphics are so beautiful. the controls are soooo smooth. i totally love it. ..,1
swaggy do stuff : couldn't even log in but really liked the game,1
a google user : this game is amazing!!!!!!! although i would like it moreif you could add,1
in a front flip button that would be cool. great game,1
yashar : the sound and music is great i could spend hours in zen mode :),1
nathan kaylor : beautiful,1
aidan salladin lachance : best game ever. i recommend that you play on zen mode.,1
harsh pai : very nice graphics and smooth silky gameplay. addictive game. sent hours finishing it.,1
marawan helal : awesome game very relaxing but i can't wait until the second alto game,1
yeho delgado : zen mode always put's me to sleep,1
ritesh upadhyaya : excellent graphics and gameplay. the best part is the immersive music.,1
can't wait for odyssey.,1
rudranshu samanta : brilliant music! amazing gameplay! beautiful scenery! waiting for their,1
next master piece,1
dhwanil patel : awesome graphics and scean and also camera effect,1
pekabo o : i like to play it in the morning and using headphone.the audio really good,1
and feel fresh,1
danderson animation : very relaxing. a must try game you should play.,1
a google user : the graphics are amazing the gameplay is great and it's just very adorable,1
and it's a great time killer,1
ashutosh ghodasara : it's one of the best games that i've ever played!,1
gold 123 : super graphics,1
games like this. keep going!!!!!,1
a google user : beautiful and relaxing game with relaxing music but when alto odyssay will,1
be available for android i want that game,1
zerich marow : this game is beautiful,1
kent chitwood : i hated this it was .the only reason i gave it 2 was because the,0
graphics are really good.,1
abdelrahman elhout : most relaxing game ever ,1
jagirapu nikhil : the game is so relaxing.the graphics and the background music are the,1
standouts of this game.simple and beautiful .,1
gauri bhatnagar : love the game zen mode is perfection. just what we wanted,1
jacob davis : love love love this game. really excited for alto's odyssey!,1
agnes larasati : love the game,1
so much,1
reece mitchell009 : everything's tailored. hammered out all the little bugs now i'm just doing,1
a couple sessions a day to finish that last achievement. other than that,1
odyssey is out now too. on to that adventure,1
reedskis : everything about this is awesome except when it transitions into night,1
riding mode its too dark.,1
yas bassiouny : from the soundtracks to the graphics to the game flow ..this is simply,1
beautiful..thank you,1
maikel : great and smooth graphic. simple gameplay and addictive. very nice,1
the end : damn cool game to kill some time on bus,1
a google user : perfect game,1
nice control,1
shubham trivedi : launch alto odessey we're dying for it.,1
wayne rare : finished once . try too better last score .great karma feel game,1
life of milu! : i played this game years before. it's one of my favourite game. very,1
peaceful game.,1
ayla jane stephens : best game everrrrr!!!! i love this game soo much!! i could play it forever!,1
it's got beautifully simplistic graphics and gameplay! plus the music is,1
just wonderful! easy to learn,1
litteraly anyone! i told all my friends about it,1
love,1
tyler rogers-milligan : very simple but fun. a great way to pass time.,1
theguywholooksweird : i love this game but everytime i get a powerup my game freezes!,1
jonathan : it is a work of art. wonderful to play and the music is so relaxing and cool,1
rii : it's a pretty game with nice music. zen mode is prob my fave,1
jason switkes : it's great. i saw you guys made a second one,1
it's not on android yet. you need to get it to the play store so android,1
users can play it,1
julisss flores : it is like an adventure gaming but so adicting i can almost for 24 hours,1
any ways congrats,1
josh daniels : best game ever,1
abhishek tidke : great game it is.. helps me to relieve stress,1
neil anderson : first its a very beautiful game and second why does it crash when im going,1
far but i really liked it but please fix it,1
a google user : the gameplay is very nice,1
it.,1
fakhori : great game one of the best and rarest beautiful games in play store or any,1
store. ps: you're really not considering releasing alto's odyssey in here,1
are you ?!,1
tserratos63 : it was a verey interesting game good control and great graphics,1
adnan ali : very nice graphics. relaxing and gameplay is very smooth. quite an,1
achievement,1
dheeraj bisen : this game very very very very interesting friends please you can install,1
and enjoying this beautiful game,1
lake adedamola : simply soothing with its music. graphics is awesome and leaves me wowing in,1
between plays.,1
gaurav singh : awesome in every aspect. graphics gameplay and above all its fun.,1
joseph rozario : one of the best adventure games in android. play to win game. graphics,1
xxxxx gameplay xxxxx controls xxxxx overall xxxxx,1
emerald_2017 : it needs a little bit of improvement,1
graphics,1
ron lewis : super fun game! relaxing and hard to put down.,1
atulya vinayak : nice and intresting game with very good graphics and sound quality,1
keegan mcrae : awsome game i wish that they made more games,1
anusree dey : everything is awesome but the progress should be synced with google account,1
munish kamboj : very nice game but night mode not ok,1
parham aghazadeh : i loveit but if have the more character that be lovly,1
a google user : i love the game on how you can do tricks and it goes faster as you go,1
odudu paul : its one of the best game ever it a time consuming game,1
octavio ortiz : very nice app,1
a google user : this is the best game ever the graphics ate super real and the controls is,1
good,1
evillblood trinity : its great smooth gameplay and relaxing music keep up the good work,1
naveen kumar : great visuals the graphics are awesome and its very addictive and relaxing,1
and simple gameplay,1
just a toaster : relaxing,1
philip scott : amazing! just download! nothing more needs to be said,1
kyle m.e. : the graphics are so sleek,1
:d,1
a google user : the game hides it's shallow gameplay behind it's beautiful visuals.,1
vishnumohan bss : nice time killing game!!but.....!end less keeping on playing keeps u booring,1
judah morton : the most creative,1
jack whittaker : i find this game really relaxing and i would definatally recommend this,1
game to everyone,1
a google user : this is cool game to play and feel in like a snow but make a player little,1
closer to vision and is helpful to see a player easily and play easily,1
a google user : love this game very addictive,1
android tho.,1
vineet kumar : jumping feature is not working.,1
durga sai : iam going to restore my device how to save my game kindly help me,1
a google user : great game i have ever played in my phone great graphics best music best,1
addictive game,1
mckenna g : i love the graphics,1
a google user : awesome game play and relaxing love this game and i was waiting for new,1
version,1
a google user : i really enjoy this game,1
on my phoneits a must to download...,1
joe hoskin : one of the most beautiful mobile games i've played.,1
els 375 : hi developers wonderful game please instill a race or dual mode to the game,1
that would be very exciting,1
sean : great game but can never play it as it never registers tapping the screen to make alto jump,1
a google user : worst game in my life plz don't install it guys plz,0
gourab dhabal : very good game.kindly try kumonga infinty runner game.,1
foodexpa g. : such beautiful artwork and easy to play! (love the new zen mode!),1
justin ray : i love the game play and the graphics. this is now my favorite game,1
pink kitty : i love the music i actually almost falled asleep i love this game!!!,1
a google user : cant press on anythingggg,1
high garden two : lovely graphics sound disine music and over all game play,1
nope nope : beautiful graphics and weather effects,1
tyler lankford : this game was made with passion.,1
chris donohue : the perfect game if you have five minutes or five hours.,1
zakimals : great game,1
dito talakhadze : great graphics and characters wish u could tilt forward as well while doing,1
a flip would be better with more upgrades and items,1
rob ot : useless. let the game run itself & forget about it.,1
elwin : this game makes me smile :),1
riz : no other game is better than this,1
gideon mahoney : great time killer. go to game when i'm bored. love it!!!,1
mashrur turjo : amazing minimalistic graphics. and that zen mode bro. too good.,1
a google user : awesome graphics ! nd the music is also nice ! really nice game !,1
maroth astuga : do not watch an ad to revive it doesnt let you jump until you close and,1
reopen the app,1
julia hicklin : beautiful game nice and relaxing on zen mode and perfect sound/music and,1
graphics!!!,1
feuerkraft : this game has breathtaking graphics and gameplay is awesome!!!,1
tittoo 49 : supper game but it's same as sky safari .but the game is intesting,1
a google user : why i take the lama? im sad why dont wolf? or dog ? not the lama.! i,0
love the lama! and bye.,1
a google user : awesome game.also a great time pass with pleasing sound.,1
dhia shabrina : the art is so gooooooooood,1
rupam bhattacharya : awesome . graphics quality is excellent.,1
kshitij dhawale : soothing graphics,1
itsa jukebox : chill game but after all this time still no 18:9 support :/,1
mayank sharma : best game ever.. the zen mode is amazing with the calmest music i've ever,1
heard..,1
a google user : it's very great game i play very good backgrounds and very attractive game,1
annie tee : it's a really fun game to pass the time with.,1
m m : altos's odyssey for android yet?? adding more stuff to pay for in this,1
version but no word on the new game even after it came out for ios several,1
months ago.,1
tek_edits : you have inappropriate ads you should have better ads!,0
farhan ahmed : the new alto odyssey supports adaptive icon but why not altos adventure,1
support adaptive icon......,1
adarsh mohan : not working. every time i open it says its not working,0
a google user : this game is a great time waster and very addictive.,1
a google user : such a fun and calming little game with great graphics and soundtrack.,1
lavesh jagwani : beautiful calming game,1
jessie b : really fun! pretty challenging too.,1
cecil james : it's a nice game,1
a google user : great game... it actually takes you to another world,1
joshimanaic : this game is a masterpiece. love the graphics,1
music. 5/5,1
sai varun : the music is the heart of this game which relaxes my mind.,1
jordan huggins : one of my favorite all time mobile games.,1
a google user : beautiful game. just 1 thing. why so dark at night? are you trying to,0
compete with dc?,1
a google user : got boring after 5 days of play.,0
kiran yadav : endless option is awesome but it can be better,1
a google user : it is superb game make multiplay race,1
a google user : amazing best game ever must download,1
finto babu : beautiful game nice animations nice music everything is perfect.,1
nater bater : great game. you guys should make a skateboard variant to this game.,1
a google user : it's gameplay is poor but music and sounds is too good,1
ajay arbale : love the zen mode! stress-buster.,1
jack ryan : very cool and fun game 10/10 would recommend,1
raizel suoh : this is my 1st game in android and i don't get it tired of it,1
jay b : simply beautiful :) especially the music.,1
winston abraham : overall..good enough.love the theme and vector background,1
johnny.b reborn : this game is 1 big emotional trip thanx peeps,1
saskia : it has very nice graphics and controls are simple,1
savan gurjar : cleanest graphics but more importantly nice gameplay,1
a google user : good i hope many people play this game,1
muhammad ammad mushtaq : great graphics good controls very beautiful game,1
pinku pannu : tis game is quite simple nd interesting. moreover,1
sanket kamble : you guys have done really great job.... seriously awesome,1
kabelo matabane : probably the best mobile game i've played. it's beautiful.,1
connor muia : grate game to play on free time lots of fun,1
its johnny : i like the graphics of this game its very relaxing,1
alistair bird : i've not stopped playing this game for a straight week,1
kai monique : i love how soothing it is seen db also how calm it is.,1
camilla wilson : i wish that i could change the background but i still love it!,1
brian evans : very smooth and fun to play. llamas.,1
boo hansol : it's amazing wow i wish i downloaded it before,1
ravi kumar : great graphic and smooth control ,1
luvgonzo : just a really cool beans game.,1
a google user : it's a calming adventure game that keeps you focused,0
octogerald : breath-talking views with simple,1
asan joshua : wow nice game best in the world adventure game i like it,1
a google user : great simple game with beautiful artwork.,1
a google user : this is a wonderful game. the picture quaility is good in this game.,1
elliot clipsham : good but there are a few bad aspects to this game 1 sometimes completing a,0
mission does not count 2 the after death loading screen glitches so you,0
cant skip challenges 3 kiss the rail missions are bugged out,1
antony the old dog : totally addition . absolutely love this game,1
fiona gruneberg : great game would recommend this to everyone.,1
a google user : it's a really adventurous game i just love the game,1
sami : addictive game,1
a google user : it is beautiful and so enjoying to play,1
pennil buru : cool and takes your concentration... relaxes the mind,1
aarti nanda : please don't do night i cant see anything,1
mrsk : where i can see my picture that i saved it,1
prity pandey : awesome graphics best music for game and i like this game,1
rio franadi : why i cant load this game,1
shannon : every peaceful and simple game. i love it :),1
karen parker : this is a fantastic game,1
llamas.,1
gabi mara : one of my favorite games in mobile.,1
la tech support : too bad you've added add. annoying. time to install.,0
amrish sagar : i wish i could give five stars to the music too.,1
ema bagi : just perfect! beautiful and the most interesting game ever!! bravo,1
designers,1
gabriel&mikhael ole : this is a very good game,1
a google user : give full screen gameplay in next update,1
blak chirwa : this game is absolutely amazing and i love it,1
thulasimani muthuvedi : very nice graphics sound environmental good,1
barbara jones : its just a great game hands down,1
a google user : awesome game so excited for the next one,1
a google user : its perfect and beautiful and the music is so peaceful,1
a google user : i love this game so very challenging,1
a google user : beautiful game with super sound track,1
mark white : easy to pick up and play.,1
rajib sarkar : best timepass game you'll ever play....i kind of love it... playing all the,1
day,1
manu janardhanan : the music is amazing. it's really captivating.,1
ksupes : great game with not a lot of ads,1
dil raju : very very nice game play,1
a google user : i love this game very much,1
ebonyonce : i loved this game. so relaxing and well designed,1
james dean : looks great,1
solid credit : i think it sucks bigg balls!,1
emon : really amazing game.sounds are very cool and charming!,1
sam patience : beautifully made game. simple and relaxing,1
zakee khattak : admit it,1
desiree ferreira : best game i've ever played on android should make more of these e x p l o s,1
i v e game keep it up!!!!!!,1
thomas elui : tell you what.. this game is super relaxing,1
graphics.. i really love it,1
julian rey : great little game. i've spent hours on it.,1
crazy gamer 02 : it's an amazing game it's beautiful,1
arek uchymiak : nice game but ad infested,1
ahmed elazony : it's really good good aspecially graghic,1
zltv : 1 star cuz android users are waiting for the odyssey too long,1
a google user : amazing game,1
flood : best and most relaxing game ever invented.,1
najeeb altnji : it makes me relax ,1
julia gracia : i love it. simple to play and great graphics,1
light blade : so good its. relaxing,1
thayalan chelladurai : wow.... breathtaking graphics and music.. brilliantly designed... hats off.. loved it... thank you..,1
jancy gonzalez : great graphics and music is amazing.,1
rishabh chandel : hey guys... it's one of the best game i ever played... i love the,1
character...music...landscapes...the scenarios...the weather... everything,1
is awesome... keep doing the good work guys... love the game..,1
amad morris : would be good to play while being high,1
kellie fitzgerald : beautiful and relaxing. perfect commute game.,1
nhat nhatlita : omg... i feels like em... relaxing.. i love the zen mode,1
a google user : it is a very fun game to play when you are bored,1
a google user : can anyone tell jumb for long,1
lizette dominguez : i loved it i always play it good job,1
dad : anyone else find the "press tab on your mobile device after watching an add,1
and get the 500 coin reward again" glitch??,1
a google user : ads suck,0
ubeidullah cassia : very good. awesome game for non wifi,1
ashton m : i think that the game is a lot of fun,1
angel swain : amazing graphics,1
jaykumar kolety : it's really a soothing game,1
thien minh tran hoang : great graphics,1
latisha ward : awesome game and i love it.,1
shijin c s : really a nice game with melodious music,1
sam hodych : just a really fun little game,1
carol iangngap : i have played it before and loved it,1
jason robb : it is great everything is 10 stars,1
hi tam : vry good and simple game ever,1
nikhil thakur : melody sound as well as fantastic game,1
pink lee27 : cool game needs high concentration,1
bruh : great game no glitches for me,1
masood nayeemullashariff : a very good nice game,1
anup krishna : good minimalistic game ever played,1
archade awesi : its really relaxing especially the view,1
priya tapade : ski safari 2 is better than this,1
joshua beetem : a boring remake of better games,1
championbudlight : this game is so i totally recommend this game,1
shankar debnath : the most refreshing game i have ever played... awesome nd flowless music...,1
just refreshing of mind...,1
nobel immanuel : lost all my progress,1
hjplant : perfect,1
aditya sabnis : tupa does not collect all the items it passes such as coins,1
a google user : this game is so wonderful it makes you feel sureal and peaceful. thank you,1
so much to the developers..,1
honey online : wingsuit issue ...wingsuit take out of the game ....there are some bugs,1
owen madamba : great game worth a download.,1
dave gerrard : uses a lot of network data while in play.,1
surfbeatle : too time consuming!,1
manas bhatt : needs to improve visibility in night cycle.,1
aly sheen : this game is absolutely amazing it's soooooo aesthetic and the graphics are,1
amazing along with the sound track every thing is amazing,1
a google user : finally got a game worth playing!!!,1
marcela padilla : this game is so exciting to play!!!,1
aniket gosavi : i completed this game long time ago so uninstalled it but after downloading,0
again my all unlock characters are gone this is not good devs plz give my,1
all characters back i really like this game,1
ratul talukdar : it's a really addictive game..i highly recommend it.,1
a google user : bahut accha game hai please khelo,1
kamakshi verma : the most zen game ever,1
ammar khalid : this game is so relaxing. sometimes it makes me sleepy. i like this game,1
so much.,1
connie waye : its really fun i played it for a while but it can get a little repetitive,1
it has some tiny flaws but overall the graphics are good it is fun to play,1
to pass the time and it doesnt lag and i think it is amazing,1
sudhansu shekhar nayak : it is a smooth game and it have smooth sound,1
abad ashan : beautiful and elegant in it's ways,1
elyar nova : the graphics are amazing & the gameplay is awesome!!!,1
chacha : relaxing.. it helps me to be calm.. it helps me alot.,1
tt : love it,1
ignutty : it's very addictive and fun,1
shagufta rather : good for passing your time.,1
omkar tillu : just the best endless game.,1
rookie odst : love the music it's so relaxing,1
kumar kaushlendra : i enjoy playing this everytime.,1
dev kaushik : very addictive and relaxing game.,1
moritz wallis : hyped about alto's odyssey!,1
a google user : you will love this game this game has an infinite mode where you can relax,1
and do flips without the worry for falling and not getting back up and in,1
challenge mode you can complete objectives to level up and get chased by,1
elders,1
torrey self : all other games should be measured by this!,1
carlos eduardo gomes bila : this game is amazing simple.,1
eishal fatima : it's great .can't wait for alto's odessey..it's really relaxing!..,1
a google user : would purchase the alto socks if yall accepted google play credits,1
y v : overrated... really boring... and you need to pay to get the characters..,1
agbo samson : night view sucks..... can't see the rocks at night,1
a google user : loved it. calming,0
alireza maani : it is good just as a hobby!!,1
a google user : i think it's really awesome game i loved it,1
catherine wood : the most beautiful game.,1
dan bright : most beautiful,1
m. faiq : supercool game broh!!!! wow amazing,1
irving san juan : i love the game. it's both relaxing and challenging..,1
chibu-udom chikere : i think more weather graphics should be added like an avalanche and a change in the location e.g. from mountains to like a river,1
a google user : cool graphics....many types of weather.....specially rain....heart touching,0
music.......,1
sujan singh manhas : love this game.. best game play.. and the most amazing the *tune*,1
reinaldo caeiro : simple,1
original tomkat : can't cancel a jump,1
between foreground graphics and rocks. it's a tree. no,1
"%$!@$%#!@$#%@!!",1
a google user : oh man what can i say? i love this game. the music is so relaxy and is so,1
awesome. i love this game,1
a google user : it's really a good game,1
lonewolf theunissen : love it especially zen mode,1
alin regmi : awesome game. really appreciate your work.,1
gateway verizon : awesome thanks for the heads up!,1
megoso korilla : one of the best android game!,1
randy swope : i don't think it's fun!,1
a google user : i super love this wonderful game .,1
didra rayyan : its really relaxing! love it!,1
balkrushna lawar : without music,1
a google user : i absolutely loved it. is their any other type of games like this?,1
dell pangcoga : when im in the ramp i tap to jump but it sometime does not reach the other side pls fix it,0
gimme ur dirty socks : i love this game better than the second,1
a google user : great game.. just improve little bit graphics..,1
vinothraj k : awesome game.graphics super.entire platform nice......,1
lemmy fan : deserves the hype,1
durlov phukan : nicw game,1
liam mcphee : very fun and addicting..... easy contols,1
niraj pawar : can u add an option to change the day,1
kristian rossa : great,1
maru : sometimes it wont jump. so i have to restart the game,1
blebletaco : the lammaalla police are hackers,1
jahid hassan : this is awesome game.i love it,1
harshvardhan vaidhya : amazing trance trip that's what i need after work stress.,0
a google user : best graphics for android game!!!,1
jeosh chua : the real stress reliver game.,1
ved : you will love it.,1
amish jadhav : booring.. copied of a game..,1
promise mohomane : i have only two words for this game,1
samiran chakravorty : very soothing game.,1
a google user : wonderful game .. graphics super,1
roshan raj : very relaxing game loved it!!!!,1
vipul kothari : best aap.... love this game,1
a google user : best graphics,1
naufal hisyam fasya : super great graphics!,1
a google user : addictive ,1
huzaifa babar : best relaxing game of all.....,1
talha hasan : coolest game...very much pleasant...,1
a google user : it's so cooooooool,1
shomu kundu : game is just spectacular!,1
d u d e : beautiful,1
jason dc : this is so fun!,1
a google user : i love the game,1
a google user : very bad game,1
sabahruddin abdul karim : thanks for the new adventure.,1
daniel noyce : calming,1
divyansh kashyap : it's a relaxing game,1
joseph jibin : good game... nice music...,1
ethan parliament : it's a beautiful game,1
dante weaver : this game is amazing!,1
a google user : very nice game...,1
drizzle cole : stunning,1
a google user : good graphics and controlls...,1
a google user : very professional and lovely.i suggest it,1
deepak 09 : nice bg music... and a lovely game...,1
asadullah sharief : it should store my data so that i can play again. by this i would not have,1
to start from the starting.,1
assia kh : i love this game *-*,1
cobsonblok61 : the best game i've ever played on android,1
david rh : it is the best game ever!!!!!!,1
a google user : awesome! loved it,1
robyn wheeler : amazing graphics!,1
mlg snip3r : ahhh...so calm in here.... 10/10,1
a google user : nice game.. i like this game,1
musharrof shishir : relaxing adventure!,1
tungsten liver : love it. no problem with it.,1
navin sarathchandra : five stars for everything *****,1
a google user : it is a good relaxing game,1
rajat godara : very nice and peaceful game,1
dea overkill : good game for any time,1
sidunivers2 sid : ! music like a magic !,1
filip m : great graphics and good for relaxing,1
tio cefinho : simply love this beautiful game,1
badlyblonde : so relaxing. lovely.,1
han browning : beautiful animation!,1
understrike betancourt : suddenly added advertisements at the end of every 3 runs and during some runs the game doesn't detect when you tap to jump.,0
tallie star : one word. amazing.,1
a google user : you cant beat the first stage!?,0
adfh1234 : amazing. no words.,1
amir hossein moradi : the most relaxing game,1
game rider : i love everything about this game,1
sun sun : just loved it and keep rocking,1
a google user : the awesome game in the world,1
a google user : marvellous snowboarding and great theme,1
joe munga : best game on the app store,1
a google user : it is a best game of action,1
sudhanshu singh : good graphics and good mechanics,1
a google user : nice music and good game,1
manoj sharma : this is very good game,1
a google user : i love the scenery and the music,1
kiran ravindranath : i love the zen mode,1
aarav mhatre : awesome game love it,1
projekt crimson : its amazing and the graphics are phenomenal,1
a google user : love the graphics and the game play,1
john woods : brilliant simplicity and loads of fun,1
nate dogg : i love the music and the story,1
a google user : nothing to do so boring,1
shahin shahidi : have a hard air balance,1
a google user : the game is so cool,1
malachi rhodes : it is so fun that it is adictive,1
a google user : the best game ever,1
aisyah amanah : i need to work hard,1
z musa : this is beautiful.,1
herald ocampo : highly recommended.,1
robert kalman : very relaxing.,1
saatwik bhowmick : breathtakingly beautiful.,1
bongani mpashe : thumbs up,1
hetal parekh : love this game time killer game,1
joseph gil caspe : fun and relaxing.,1
amulya jose : love this game..,1
kathleen cunningham : pretty good :-),1
prithviraj : great soothing game,1
s ibrahim : how do i access zen mode? love the game,1
yashwant jha : boring game but good,1
kristie colon : when is atlo oddest coming out?,1
r lexirato : great game..,1
a google user : all thing is nice,1
m yudi permana : relaxing game:),1
bhulekha kalita : good graphics,1
a google user : top,1
dakota holcomb : it was boring,1
raj gaurav adarsh : perfection,1
zaki ashraf : how to protect yourself for elders ? can anyone help ?,1
andre szarmach : man this game rocks.,1
jerosi crosse : this game is a amazing,1
mehemmed ferzani : this game is perfect,1
mahmoud abdelal : this is relaxing game,1
a google user : awsome game love it,1
vaughn hessburg : awesome i loved it,1
a google user : i truly love it,1
kamlesh bhatt : this game is great,1
a google user : i love this game,1
simon andres : nice calming game,1
dragos pahontu : one of the best games,1
aadarsh sharma : the great graphics,1
mitchell walters : love the artwork and music,1
jessie he : so fun and addictive,1
mr. pibbeds : this game is awesome,1
a google user : simple and very relaxing,1
emmanuel obine : this game is amazing,1
dimas muhammad : most emotional soundtrack,1
a google user : really i love it,1
bhaskar a c : cool relaxing game,1
destiny : this game is awesome,1
nenu : amazing graphics and songs,1
madhu gautam : the weather in this game is greatt,1
ke vinli ggan : no explanation of controls.,1
a google user : i love this game,1
a google user : this is a good game,1
vaisakh vellalloor : nice graphics and music,1
pok ri : this game is relaxing,1
xxmehairbi xxmehairbi : it is a best game,1
a google user : this is awesome game,1
susan rowe : very calming and beautiful,1
taha hussein : the definition of awesomeness,1
ghanshyam das : simply awesome,1
ghady 14 : very relaxing,1
abhideep sinha : graphics is awesome,1
quanti : game won't load.,1
spxry : relaxing and chilling,1
a google user : fun and beauty,1
dennis sw lo : cool thanks,1
sai praneeth : nice graphics,1
ashish narula : extremely relaxing,1
a google user : why is there no wingsuit rocket for tupa?,1
mohit .johar : thank you for this game,1
yotta km : the comments say it,1
fahimi : make multiplayer please,1
hemant b. more : try it to make multilayer,1
thymmai syiem : why two separate apps for one game?,1
a google user : amazing graphics,1
nima abasi : great game,1
farooque azam : freaking cool,1
favour kennedy : its relaxing,1
ekow anin : great game,1
joshua hummel : very relaxing,1
a google user : amazing graphics,1
entangle eye jigs : nice atmosphere,1
sai srinivasachary : good graphics,1
akash mahamud : great graphics,1
alfred caddle : the best,1
daniel navratil : great game,1
greeny 232 : awsome game,1
adrian caster : great game,1
a google user : great game,1
08 - bagas aditama suryo nugroho : very relaxing,1
vimal varghese : luv this game,1
matan friedmann : great game,1
kevin : boring,1
vortex eragen 5 : cool,1
spirt of the wolf s : cool,1
vishesh gupta : soothing,1
cynthia bayu : addictive,1
sarlongki ronghang : relaxing,1
jesiah garcia : cool,1
jeremiah akinleye : cool,1
sniper_ azein : cool,1
night call : relaxing,1
jesus hernandez : cool,1
a google user : addictive,1
twinkle msp : boss ass game of the year,1
jaylo : this game is poop,1
a google user : children play,1
smart du : lots of ads,1
pouya : this is a masterpiece,1
a google user : i envoy this game,1
a google user : additive game,1
voodoo voodic : filled with ads,1
irkulla abhilash : another world,1
subbarao rao : super graphics,1
a google user : fixe the control problm,0
elijah chua : the game is absolutely amazing. i was playing the game then thought of what,1
i think is just a really cool minor detail to add in. when alto falls in,1
zen mode and he's on the ground and his board is away from him. since,1
there's no rush in zen mode,1
walks to his board and continues. that would be pretty neat.,1
bean jam : this game deserves awards. incredible art and visuals,1
solid controls,1
not too difficult to make anybody ragequit,1
enough to make it a fun type of difficult and ever so rewarding to get to a,1
new level. get this game,1
freddie : the thing that makes this game great is the visuals and the audio. it is absulutley beautiful and the art style works so well with the type of game. without this the game would not be nearly as good as the game play i'd very simple but it would still do ok. however these features are what makes the game. also the fact that there's a night and day feature gives the game an even bigger opportunity to show the beauty of its art style,0
stei : breathtakingly stunning. the level design is minimalistic with beautiful day to night cycles while you're skating down the mountain. complete with crisp sound design like the sound of drizzling rain and thunder,0
morpheus er : echoing what many others are saying,1
leo sama : this is a very great adventure with stunning visuals and awesome soundtrack. my only complaint with this game is it's progression system i,1
turb0 : good graphics,1
brandon forten : the game is a beautiful journey that has an elegant design that ditches the generic non-cultured snowboard games for an eastern feel complete with a gift shop. the only thing i'd change is the lack of alto-nate skins and the flip is a little slowwwww wish it would speed up after consecutive flips,1
greg cruickshank : the art style is amazing. the zen mode and overall atmosphere is relaxing and entertaining. my big issue is after resetting my progress once i completed everything. you loose the coin doubling upgrade that you pay real money for. why must i re purchase some i have already bought. why does resetting my progress reset something i purchased with real money. i feel that is a little unfair and even from a premium purchaser is pretty jading,0
ben sim : i remember back when this game would cost money on ios. i would literally try to download every single third party helper app just to look for this game. now that i actually have a phone,1
arqam malik : its a simple game with very simple things but still is exciting to play. if you are looking for a little mental relaxation or peace and still be able to enjoy the adventure,1
jonah hill : upon expecting a minimalist time-killer running game,1
scott h : 1. can't see the screen in night levels if there is a lot of sunlight on my phone. give us the option to choose day or night levels. 2. get rid of the long ads. i know we have to see them,0
erick vorpahl : this was the must have game- i think,1
doc canoro : great game! the scenery is beautiful,1
justin rahardjo : it's a great game,1
malcom curtis : this would be an awesome game if it wasn't for the night boarding ...its,1
nice that the game does a time transition,1
barely see anything (particularly rocks) at night,1
becomes frustration mode after the sun sets. true zen would be endless run,1
with no obsticles so at least include an option to turn off time,1
transition,1
j. knite : alright,1
luca schulz : i genuinely love this game. it has one of the most stunning and beautiful,1
graphic styles i've seen in mobile games in a while. i love the games,1
simplistic but incredibly well executed gameplay. can't stress enough how,1
good looking this game is,1
honestly have no complaints.,1
jp darby : the game itself is fun and minimally challenging. the graphics are lovely. i felt compelled to give such a low rating due to the ads not clearing out upon completion. i had to close the app and restart just to play the game again. i would have purchased the ad-free version but if it's this buggy prior to purchase,0
melisa wijaya : i love this game so much,1
time goes,1
to respawn,1
doesn't show anything but a share button. (2) i can't control the game at,0
all. it sucks since my achievement on that one game is wasted.,1
corran percy : first off,1
alex vigil : the game seems to be designed not to challenge you but to instead irritate,1
the hell out of you while you want ad after ad. they make it nearly,0
impossible to do triple backflip 1080 freestyle grab superman super spin,1
but they ask you to do it. after two days of dying and ads magically the,0
ramps finally let you get more than 10 ft in the air.,1
jaimee kimberley : seemingly random jumping and flipping controls made this game unplayable for me. my character would frequently plummet to their death because they decided not to jump,0
mark midgley : the physics of the game are confusing and frustrating. i'll be going really,1
slow up a hill and suddenly speed up for no reason. worse,0
super steep slope,1
suddenly slow waaaay down (again for no reason) such that i will never get,1
across. if you want to force me to die and watch advertising video,1
stick with that guy that chases that always goes faster than me.,1
r v : alto is a fun relaxing game like any line rider style game. great art work and flow is nice. only gripe is the night time color scheme. i got to play 1 daylight game and the next 4 games were at night and it's so hard to see anything. i can't see rocks at night especially when i'm playing with light around my phone like the sun. very hard to see with glare.,1
ankit saiyan : i don't understand why this game is rated too high. it is neither addictive,1
nor fun to play. all we do is ski endlessly with repeating stuffs. graphics,1
are good. game is like a temple run,1
the game is not bad it's just i disliked it and disliked it even more when,1
saw its rating.,1
matthew denholm : absolutely stunning. the graphics and visuals,1
are so smooth and so dynamic! just incredible. how i would describe this,1
masterpiece is this: it's a lot like ski safari,1
it's miles too good to be a clone. i could keep praising this game for a,1
long time more,1
zuza kurzawa : normally i dont write reviews to games. but this one is outstanding. it's beautiful (graphics and music also deserves attention) and so much fun to play! easy to play but hard to master,1
nicholas herron : one problem: the ads. i don't mind ads on games,0
it. what i do mind is when those ads start hijacking my phone. i have two,0
apps i tend to use while playing the game. one is spotify,1
blue light filter. i don't mind the filter going haywire,1
happens anyway. but messing with the music? that gets on my nerves. so,1
even though i love this game,1
ads being played on it are less annoying to deal with. i just want to jam,0
out and snowboard without having to exit the game after every run to fix my,0
music.,1
s gardner : loved the game,1
trevor ryan : love the theme and art style. very satisfying,1
hecc google : beautiful graphics,1
prominent. even worse,1
by watching a video. ever since,1
close and reopen the app.,1
maahesh suntra : pros: -highly polished gameplay. -great minimalist art style and attention,1
to detail. -actually feels like a never ending game(new characters and,1
tasks). cons: -a few problems with controls and some bugs. verdict: this,0
game actually surprised me as it is a very solid and a very entertaining,1
game. also to note that the zen mode is very useful when you're feeling,1
stressed after work or frustrated on playing the career mode as it also,0
provides a hushed,1
minor bugs such as control problems( can be a little unpredictable) and,0
some goodies are a little expensive for casual gamers to spend their,1
hard-earned in game tokens. nevertheless,1
game especially for the casual gamer. do check this game out.,1
josh gatto : this game is amazing from head to toe. i've only been playing for a few,1
hours and i love everything from the simple,1
intuative controls and even music design. everything about this game has so,1
much time and care put into it. the game is completely fair and has no,1
tricks up it's sleeve knock you down right before you hit that high score.,1
also love the fact that there are no micro transactions and of there are,1
they're not in you're face at all. of course with a free game there are ads,0
every now and then but nothing annoying like 30 second ads or that pop up,0
in the middle of a run. all in all,1
recommend it enough.,1
vedant kale : i usually never write reviews for games but by god,1
xeo224 : amazing game! the only thing i could think of to improve it would be a slight increase in tempo in the music when being chased by an elder or something of that nature. that's just me being nitpicky though,0
david gennari : it seems like half the time when i try to watch a video to continue the button does nothing. i can tap it a dozen times with no result. sometimes the play again button has to be pressed multiple times before the game decides it's ready for me to play. also,0
adam bromiley : i've had alto's adventure for a couple of years now. it is one of the most highly-polished games i've ever seen. the minimalist art style is stunning and fits with the quick tap and play gamestyle. the progression is challenging and takes time so it's not a game that will be quick to finish and put down. my only downside is that there is not a setting to move the wingsuit button to the other side of the screen but there is for the pause button. this aside it's a great game and well-worth the five stars. thanks to the devs and i'm wishing you luck for the upcoming alto's odyssey! :),0
christine mccracken : i enjoy this game- nice music,1
ravindu aratchige : okay,1
give this game 4 stars. let me start by saying what i love about this game:,1
it's the perfect balance between addictive and engaging. the graphics are,1
stunning; the physics are fluid and precise. it's built for the minimalist.,1
it's unlike other arcade runners; the gameplay is much more easy and,1
relaxing,1
jawdropping landscapes. the day-night cycle and the weather changes really,1
give the game more detail and beauty. all that earned this game 4 solid,1
stars but that last star didn't make it because the game wasn't ad-free and,1
it did have a small bug in the zen mode (i might be prejudiced here; i use,1
a low-range samsung). apart from that,1
tick me off. i'm a difficult person to impress,1
must-must-must-try. can't wait for the odyssey...,1
graeme mckay : i absolutely love this and i feel kinda bad for only giving 4 stars but the,1
game keeps crashing (huawei p10 lite) after a random length of time. i,1
can't get past level 'escape 4 elders' because of crashing but goshdarn it,1
the game is fantastic.,1
jax p : amazing game! the graphics of this game are stunning and i love the gameplay! it isn't that hard which i like. it's easy to complete challenges and do tricks (which i love!) this game is similar to temple run,1
vex riper : the tone and basic visual design is similar to an indie game called journey,1
by "thatgamecompany" but that's not a bad thing,0
own identity,1
you can,1
controls are responsive,1
it 5 stars if it gave me more incentive to advance,1
see myself playing this for long periods but its definitely well made,1
temporicidal : this game seems stunning,1
screen works fine otherwise,1
such. i'd rate it a five if not for that. i'm going to try uninstalling,1
then reinstalling it now. edit: it's now working perfectly and is arguably,1
one of the best mobile games i've ever played! very soothing and helps with,1
my anxiety,1
alfredo lim : it's a great game that emphasizes the simple nature of an adventure. it's a simple game,1
a google user : i really,1
todd vernor : relaxing? i guess. i do find myself laughing a lot,1
a google user : the app has started crashing approx 1 in 4 runs. trying to complete longer,1
tasks is almost impossible as the longer i play,1
boot me and restart. shame because it's a really good game.,1
ohad marbach : great game. finished it ( )was not easy especialy level 45 but done!) lived,1
everything. one problen i had was touch that sonetimes didnt respond but i,1
worked around - when unplugging the usb the problem wad gone so i just,0
played when not charging. this is why i changed my score back to 5 stars.,1
good job.,1
a google user : i am in love with this game. after downloading it for a couple of weeks i,1
played n then discovered d zen mode!! oh man!! it is so peaceful i don't,1
why but it left me in such a positive serene state and the fact dt it,1
doesn't stop and even after falling it continues .. it's amazing ! thankyou,1
so much for creating such a wonderful game!,1
hakan bilenler : one of the few mobile games i "finished". graphics,1
eve aguera : so idk what happened with a recent update,1
shreya : this game is very relaxing,1
mim fair : i love this game. i just have one real issue. it randomly crashes,1
stephanie djidjev : love this game! it's a great way to pass time and it doesn't get boring. the only issue is,1
anca ioana : the game is addictive,1
tuomas pennanen : keeps crashing randomly on level 35 making it hard/impossible to make the goal to jump 8 chasms and proximity wingsuit flight.,1
ken r : highly rated,1
bob bob : *for computer nerds 30ish to 50ish*: it's skifree,1
actual (gorgeous) sound and music,1
chasing you. *for everyone else*: play this game. it's that simple,1
the gameplay is as simple or involved as you want it to be. if you want to,0
care about points,1
it. if you just want to cruise and let the goals be completed where they,1
will,1
feel is beautiful,1
in. put simply,1
protodot : the gameplay is alright,1
david milton : after passing level 30,0
am i the only one with this problem? bout to uninstall.. also,0
noodlecake doesn't seem care about their player experience much. never see,1
any responses to reviews,1
miguel luzon : it was a lot of fun but i'm uninstalling. there's a broken ad for a final fantasy game that is impossible to close. the only way that you can close it is to closeout the app. a game-breaking flaw for an otherwise awesome little app.,1
giorgos kakitsis : i came back to alto after a while,1
iqbal kour : the most intuitive game. real enjoyment . it's not about levels .go in the zen mode and have fun . 5 stars for the awesome people behind this masterpiece.,1
wonderoussmiles : okay. first off,1
of the very few games that don't pester me about it. it's fun. its artstyle,1
gives me journey vibes. there's a zen mode,1
flights...assuming it really does work offline (haven't tested that yet),1
and best of all its nothing like most mobile games. they dont bother you.,1
there's no timers and no just having to watch the screen. no push,0
notifications. there's no endless harassment to buy the premium currcency -,1
actually there's no preminum currcency! i've played endless runner games,1
where you have limited lives. and when that runs put you'd have to wait or,1
pay. not fun there's no random obstructive pop up ads. in fact the only ads,1
i recall seeing is the video ad. and even then you can simply choose not to,1
watch it and restart the stage. simple simple. ever since my ds broke i had,1
to rely on cell phone games for my mobile gaming fix. and its been so long,0
since i've been treated with basic respect from mobile game developers.,1
thank you. so just as i think bad behavior should be punished,0
behavior should be rewarded. and thats why i bought the premium upgrade. no,1
regrets. i will be recommending this.,1
kausar meutuwah : i like to point out there is some bug. when the character move to fast they,0
somehow couldn't pick items like magnet,1
dhananjay : good game ever on playstore. the graphics are very amazing. i love to play this game whenever i am bored. i have never seen this type of amazing game on the playstore. i want to give it 10000000000000000000000 and unlimited stars,1
marlon james navarro : not so much to say but great job by the devs. now if only we can have the alto's odyssey as well.,0
adam r. wyss : unfortunately,1
there's a glitch where the feather doesn't do anything anymore.,0
f : this game is really really good. i've had it for a couple of years,1
although all my data got reset at some point. the atmosphere,1
the changing weather and the changing of the time,1
details that make me love this game. but especially after the latest,1
update,1
that get pretty annoying: sometimes you ride ramps and aren't launched,1
upwards like you'd normally expect,1
some other times touching the screen doesn't make you jump,0
repeatedly,1
lives. secondly,1
in exchange of coins and an extra life. now you have to endure them every,0
time you lose. it ruins the immersion and they're really,1
irritating. they feel invasive and pesky,1
have those at first. i got used to a nice relaxing game without pop-ups,1
and even though now after years this game has gotten a boost in popularity,1
you've decided to implement them,1
the overused term) mainstream. please,1
philip jones : great game love the animation but rain is a bit loud in zen mode but,1
besides that it is a good game. can you mabye add front flips as well as,1
back flips so you touch the left side of the screen for a back flip and you,0
touch the right of the screen to do a front flip. thanks for reading and,1
its really great game,1
a google user : awesome game. it's my go to game. been playing since frist came out. just,1
enough ads to make you keep playing this game. i really enjoy this game.,1
hope they don't do stupided up grades . it's perfect the way it is.,1
kristian bourne : this game is really pretty and also fun. it's challenging enough to not be easy,1
john hillis : screen keeps turning off while i'm playing. my pixel 2 will not recognize this as a game so it's rather frustrating. worth spending money on if fixed.,0
kim nickels : i'd give this 5/5 for gameplay,1
andrew hersh : fun game,1
om soni : very beautiful and calming graphics and music. great game but sometimes it,1
freezes and the player can't jump but otherwise love it,1
sumit kumar : i must say that this game is perfect for everyone.as it has a good graphic,1
and clearity this should get approx 5 starts.because of the hard work of,1
the developer and his men,1
a google user : the environment of game is lovely just the control of the game is little hard not that way you think i recomend to seperate the backflip and jump. wish you best.,0
yimi ipsa : just amazing. i could play all day. wishing to see more background story,1
and maybe a kind of camping mode to complete. definitely worth to download,1
and play.,1
monther tariq : it would be great if you could increase the speed of the whole game to make characters snowboard faster. one of my favourite games.,1
ulf grasse : latest update riddles this with interstitial ads. what's worse,0
ananthan : i'm so happy because this game clear the mind,1
you for the creat/please creat other verity games,1
tasin 707 : a great game to pass the time. a normal story to found and a great adventure to get.surfing the snow,1
a google user : fun game,1
dark besides that the game is worth playing.,1
lorenz : watching adds is still a bit buggy. sometimes you don't get your reward,0
alan strachan : this game wanted access to all my files and contacts. it has no requirement for that level of access. uninstalled immediately,0
michael talerico : incredibly fun! after you get used to the layout,1
more complex. it is intense,1
music.,1
jon c : this used to be a great game,1
the massive increase in ads has ruined the flow of the game,0
you watch the ads they don't always close correctly. it's too bad the,0
developer got greedy,1
jojoblonix : really love the game but i am left-handed and i like to use the bottom left,1
corner of my phone and i keep hitting the pause button.,1
indranil chakraborty : the best game that i have ever played.not only the concept is fabulous but,1
also the control,1
devanush joseph : nothing can come close to this game. quality is very amazing for a free,1
game and the ads don't pop up so much that you get annoyed.,1
elliott anderson : this game has some of the best graphics i've ever seen. not because of the,1
quality,1
a google user : the game is great...when it opens. there is some sort of bug that kicks you,1
out either while game is loading or right after it loads.,1
shubham tiwary : if altos odyssey isn't released soon on android platform then i will,1
boycott the game. i love this game so i want alto's odyssey asap.,1
ruhi sajjad : amazing amazing you know i play this game from 7months and it's great you fell you r there playing such are the graphics mantastic.grt work grt thought grt music,1
simplegreen : two things that would go a long way. 1) the ability to dismount from a,1
grind at mid grind would go a long way 2) an easier way to control the,0
height of a jump. going down the mountain and trying to do a rock grind on,1
purpose is almost complete luck.,1
tom wayman : really enjoy the game,1
only issue have is that night time makes it incredibly difficult to see,1
rendering the game unplayable when sitting in sunlight. would be nice to be,1
able to lock the cycle.,1
zeeshan qureshi : everything is black. how can you distinguish between tree,1
rock easily. this is absurd,1
tannya aditya : i have 'noisy' brain and anxiety and sometimes the world is too much to bear. this game keeps me calm and collected all the time. the music and gameplay soothe me up. i do get frustrated over the goals but i have nothing but praise and love for this game. thank you to everyone involved. you all helped a lot. cannot wait for alto's odyssey for android!,0
sophia bays : i love the game it's simple but nice to play. i would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a fun little game to kill time with. 5 stars,1
josh winterrowd : fun game to easily kill time. the goals keep me coming back. graphics and music are soothing yet exciting at the same time.,1
arnab mondal : this is nice game with high graphics. problem is the game has started,1
lagging and is heavy on processor unlike it's initial versions,1
2cents : i love this game its so peacful and takes focus and the music in the,1
background really suits the game but i think that the coin noise makes it,1
harder to listen to it. but great game :d,1
victoria weindel : the music is soothing,1
mahir alam : i think this is the best game i have ever played. this game is so beautiful. like the background music like the graphics and the best part of this game is the changing of day and night. i want its 2nd part.,1
bruno matassini : this game is so pretty not many games look this beautiful and fun. the music is calming and soothing. amazing game.,1
catburritobird dogcat : it's a really nice calming game very easy to play and there's a zen mode,1
were you can't die i normally played that instead of playing the actual mode,1
john randall : overall this game is well made. the graphics,1
carter garrett : beautiful graphic theme. calming soundtrack. simple control interface. endlessly simple. endlessly wonderful. highest of compliments to the developers,0
adam burnett : i've been playing since this first came out on android and it has always been a great gameplay experience. i appreciate that it was free with ads for coins. however in recent months that has changed and are now extremely loud,0
closed captioning : calming. not infuriating like every other game like it. i can play it and not come back angrier than i was before.,0
a google user : this is an outstanding game. not too much challenging game. the background music and views are speechless. this view and music also can reduce the depression and makes one happy.,1
luke balint : there are few apps i would give a perfect score,1
really have nothing negative to say. i played this on ios and i totally,1
thought it was worth buying. when i switched to android and found out it,1
was free,1
single android user have this?,0
kyra bickley : simple and super fun. awesome if you have a short attention span and just want to kill time. sweet graphics too,1
emma hawkins : beautiful game,1
hours,1
the second one to come to android,1
aj kofron : this game is amazing! the graphics are beautiful and the sound (especially the thunder) are fantastic. zen mode is so relaxing. i can't wait for alto's odyssey.,1
mountain goat yeti : was a five star game,1
samuel anderson : such a fun and relaxing little game. not too easy but not difficult enough,1
to make it annoying. it's very relaxing,1
patrik horvat : congratulations to the devs of this game,1
and it's beautiful. i love the zen mode,1
thank you all so much for making this piece of art,1
lot of effort and time into it,1
louisa mccormick : this is one of the best mobile games i've ever played. it is incredibly,1
calming. the sounds of the snow and everything are like asmr. it's just,0
wonderful.,1
charles kroberger : not working on my htc. starts to load and then crashes,0
turns to black screen,1
hein janse van rensburg : after upgrading my phone to android 8.0 the game works but there is bad,0
screen tearing.... i really hope that they fix it soon.,0
leyah strydom : i love this game it is amazing if you are thinking about getting this game i think you should...but there are so many adds and i can't see when it is the night,0
lucas lin : this game is good for relaxing,1
have is when it turns night in the game. you just can't see the rocks so it,1
becomes a little frustrating to crash because it blended into the,1
background. perhaps have an option to skip night would be nice.,1
kaleb tuck : used to love this game,1
luna : i absolutely love this game,1
mother father : a great game. problem is it shuts down in the middle of my game. i was on a,1
great run. it really annoys me a lot. please fix it.,1
engin simsek : wow its amazing best game ive ever played... but there are too many adds,0
but thats all otherwise,1
brian brown jr. : i love everything about this game the game is so beautiful the controls are,1
easy i can't wait until alto's odyssey comes out for android,1
kenjart : the game is really good it has a goregeous art style the one thing i have a,1
grudge on is that other that there's not much else to do but that's,1
subjective opinion other then that it's by far the best endless runner the,1
play store has.,1
brylle john digno : everything in this game was awesome. it keeps me play until the end of the,1
game. please release the alto's odyssey. i'm close to finish this one.,1
sayan basu : simply stunning. the game not only entertains but it also provides solace. the best till now.,1
hellen gojaya : please make some upgrades to the stages and the background music. i really love this game but i'd appreciate it if you add some upgrades to the games. and for background music,1
faizal zaheed : best runner game,1
subhan khan : this is one of the my favourite games on mobile . it is just a masterpiece.,1
the relaxing music and scenery makes the game so enjoyable. download this,1
game atleast once in your life,1
a google user : when i play this game the character can't jump only so sometimes i get angry so please repair it so i have given 4 stars,0
s d : boring and almost pre school like. feels like your watching a dull animation and you have to tap on queue. that's it the end.,0
the phenomedon : fun and addicting,1
race after a crash is not redeemable. this includes achievements (to my,0
disdain and frustration),1
a google user : this game is amazing! the graphics are great and the minimal ads are a,1
bonus. the only ads in the game is if you want to keep going if you fail.,0
unlike other games which show an ad after every attempt,1
lukas abi : i like this game but the idea of "elder" is pissed me off. i can never,1
escape it. if there is any option to make alto go faster than just jumping,0
and glide on a wall or rope,1
rawan ahmed : i truly loved this game,1
if there were a favourite list,1
it. thank you every one who helped in making this incredible game.,1
john scott : bugs noticed on 2 devices: character doesnt respond to taps till ypu,1
restart the game.. charatcer doesnt pick up magnets and hover feather and,1
coins and goes through them sometimes.,0
rajarshi das : it's really a charming game which makes us crave for more every time. i love the minimalistic atmosphere and the simple controls.,1
james little : game's fantastic but it crashes whenever connected to the internet. this means i cant log in to google play to restore my progress,0
antonio mcintyre : the game best and thing but whrn is odyssey coming out for android. im,1
dying for it,1
shiju cruz : beautifully crafted gameplay. something that soothes you when played in zen,1
mode. really is peaceful in my stressful work surroundings.,1
rhitwik hazra : it's a great game. whenever i played the game my mind become peaceful.the,1
music is very gd ..it is my fav game,1
isaac lim : reviews says it all.when you are looking for a relaxing offline game that is small in size,1
ryan olson : great game. the only problem i seem to be having is that as tupa if i crash into a chasm i get my one free revive but it also brings me to the screen that gives me the option to revive.,0
a google user : earlier version was good. after updates there are many bugs like suddenly,0
game stopes and home screen appears,1
connor gray : i like playing this game but i keep getting game crashes mid run and it's ruining it for me.,1
james lucas : the jump button rarely works when i start the app but once it starts,1
working it's a fun time killer.,1
michael a : the ads screw up the game over 50% of the time no point watching video to,1
continue game,1
george assaf : good game in general,1
otherwise,1
fun. re edit. crashes continue to annoy. please fix. still crashing. i'm,1
not paying for the premium until its fixed. get on it. yet another edit.,1
this game still crashes. it would be good if the developers would fix it.,1
rapidly dropping in my view. just ok for now. if it doesn't get fixed soon,0
they'll lose another star....,1
ha n ae : last time i played this game it was a clean experience with only optional,1
ads which was a fair bargain,1
run ruins it. like every other app with intrusivd ads i will uninstall.,1
steven l. : pretty and runs very smoothly... but you flip so slowly and see so little ahead of you that you are frequently forced to guess if you have time or not. that and lack of variety kinda kill it for me.,1
ivan delchev : i thought it would be a fun game,1
whatever the currency is in the game) to upgrade everything to max,1
was still boring to me.,1
gopinath kollavari : this is an awesome game i ever played because it has the most simple yet,1
amazing graphics. it is the most simple game with the best background score,1
and i have to say that the zen mode has the greatest bgs. the whole game is,1
a lot fun to play with the most serene locations. it does deserves 5 stars.,1
*****,1
a google user : the background music and sounds are reliefing.it can make a angry person feel happy and be relaxed.it just makes us to go in heaven,1
tyler hines : this game absolutely deserved it!i love this game with all of my heart. great gameplay and very good art style. the soundtrack is almost flawless as well.,1
rohan salve : it's a beautiful game. the beautiful scenery,1
oliver kehm : great game. can be relaxing or invigorating. wonderful graphics and audio. good selection of levels and powerups. it would be nice if haptic feedback worked though...,1
chris buchdahl : great game but crashes often and i lose progress for that run. using a,1
galaxy note 8,1
ankur rana : the game is crashing everytime i open it. i just bought google pixels and,1
it's not functioning.,1
anisuzzaman shayak : this game is beautiful. both the graphics and music are so pleasing and,1
relaxing. i love it. the app package size is too big i think.,1
olwethu shangase : it's awesome but i think you guys should add like avalanches and more skills on the new update soon,1
jace froese : it is a beautiful game and maya may have trouble getting speed but flips,1
can make u faster so it's good that she can flip faster,1
haizo infinity : this game is very very awesome. it's relaxing,1
the deity prime : my only issue is small bug on retry. my player respawn and started skiing but the map didn't move.,1
private account : ok. so first week. excellent! ran smooth with no troubles. however after,1
then the game would lag horrendously and not let me jump. i am appalled!,1
don't install. i hope you fix these problems. then i might reinstall abs,0
recommend it to others. but until that happens. uninstalled.,1
el gian lepon : beautiful game. after a few tries,1
technical trucking : game is bs. was doing fine,1
rob goddard : applovin ads break the ui for me on every game loop they appear. have to,0
restart the app to fix. huawei p20,1
also. please fix!,1
neonic : great game. for some reason i have managed to go into negative money by,1
about 100,1
o _el bnna : it's amazing game give you relax mode when you play it with this graphic and this music i love it hope there is more updates for it,1
a google user : i really like the game. the controls are pretty simple and the music and,1
over-all feel is just relaxing. furthermore,1
so the whole experience isn't compromised or anything.,1
nate c : fun,1
hirokatsu victor : this is great and relaxing game with an option to freely play in a zen,1
state. i would gladly suggest for a frontflip to counter the backflips and,1
to cancel backflips (or frontflips) if necessary. but all in all,1
still a calming and soothing game for those who are stressed or wants peace.,1
fiona rose redmond : "app"solutely amazing! it is so relaxing to play and great fun too! i would never delete this app because it is totally great and so good! and it needs no wifi either! i mean,1
a google user : this game was so amazing from the graphics the characters and background...,1
i want in the game that it has more characters to unlock that everyone,1
would love it and the background too if you add more different features,1
tyler kirk : i love the game. but i wish you could do more with the tokens,1
do with them is extend the coin magnet.,1
sam mason : it's an amazing game that's smooth and fun to play,1
steven masn : colors could be a little bit brighter. sometimes tedious to notice the,1
rocks,1
hrishi : thank you so much for this game it's amazing and relaxing . please continue,1
to make good games.thanking the maker or makers once again.,1
chas voigt : game is fun,1
daniel quelapio : this game is one of the most beautiful i've ever played one suggestion would be to add support for 18:9 aspect ratio screens. i think it would make the game much more immersive. and of course,1
brandon jones : beautiful graphics,1
also love that it comes with an endless mode as well for when you want a,0
stress free playthrough. i highly recommend buying this game,1
0pen fire : very nice and cool game. the graphics are so good. and sound quality. plz,1
add something.like upgrade somthing that make the game better.,1
arien van stralen : it's enjoyable but a mission to collect magnets isn't registering so i'm kinda stuck at level fifty something,0
devon elias : im disappointed that the sequel is only out in ios this is very,1
disheartening.,1
john smith : beautiful,1
sahar ashkan : there is no explanation of how to get speedy or what is a blue feather or the elder angry man. above that; just aaaawwwsome,1
saneen mohammad : this is definitely the best game out there. gives us a clam experience,1
.please do continue to make similar games,1
thunderbud : the constant ads don't add to the relaxing appeal. the game used to be so much better without them.,0
erzio : one of the most beautiful games out there. the art style alone is,1
spectacular and the soundtrack is relieving. best game for relaxing.,1
joanna lowery : i absolutely adore this game,1
a google user : amazing playability,1
arturo perez : the game is great,1
jason blair : wonderful game. however,1
music by lullaby : i really like the game bug theres a glitch when you fall in a hole you bug,1
out and get stuck in the sky. but all in all i liked it.,1
jh allen : great gameplay and graphics. i did find a bug in the latest update that made picking up the blue hover feather freeze the game,1
a google user : it's the best i have every played and the endless mode is great and the,1
music makes it more calm it's a really fantastic game,1
mahrukh murtaza : i love this game. one issue. im playing with paz and the game is persistently lagging. i think this is only happening with paz.,1
kelechi : i love it,1
makesomespace : nice game but... galaxy note 8 i can t play in full screen. please update,1
for good resolutions,1
shivang srivastava : game is great for freshening up your mind. i have recently been facing an,1
issue that as soon as i get a power up like magnet,1
please fix this bug.,1
eli schlichte : this is one of the greatest games i have ever played. the thing that i love most about this game is the sounds. they give the vibe of if you were in altos perspective.,1
fedupmaniac : it is probobly the most relaxing game i have ever played. one suggestion,1
mabye add some more modes and make zen mode a bit more interesting i only,1
ever use zen so i dont rage and kill my phone,1
prince suvo : this game is awesome. it has beautiful relaxing background music and it,1
also help to meditate. it also have a great graphics.,1
shubh awasare : i love this game,1
kill ur time,1
a google user : beautiful game and can just get lost in the graphics,1
dannydude : this is a really good game and an addictive one. the art style of this game,1
is amazing and sorry if i push a bit but,1
are you constantly going to update the game after odyssey comes out? but,0
still this game is one of the games i've played,1
sidharth s : i just love it. the zen mode with the music is the best update yet. loved,1
it very much. keep it up guys.,1
brian bourne : started off pretty great,1
commercialization of the characters has soured the game/experience for me.,1
jamie mcintyre : great game. charged me for premium and didn't give it to me though! says i already own it if i try again but hasn't removed ads or given me the coins!,0
ayush vij : as i start to replay there is no response to my touch and also sometimes the character passes by some items it doesn't picks it up like coins or magnet...... fix this.,0
a google user : love this game,1
anyone who likes simple yet challenging games. but it suits everyone.,1
ravi aujla : such a great game. it's free,1
these guys,1
a google user : worst game ,1
installing is to uninstall it,1
shiloh richardson : i hate how you have to jump over chasms that don't make sense.it is too hard,0
sourav gangopadhyay : i loved playing this game. the effects and sounds r awesome. small details,1
r really good to see. am done with all the levels - twice ! and waiting for,1
odyssey version for a year now. when is it coming ?,1
srinivas acharya : it's good but i found it as there's nothing except jumping and moving but i liked it,1
matthew p : great game. i'm enjoying it,1
game entirely,1
game. please fix this problem and will defo get 5*,1
kuldip singha : simply unique,1
environment,1
soothing sound gives me relief .,1
were hare : excellent game with nice production values and very satisfying gameplay. the developers are also really great at responding if you have a problem. absolutely give it a go.,1
maximus 32 : great game the game is simple & good. it relaxes me when am stressed.,1
the music is great too loved the music too. beautiful snowy mountains,1
thanks,1
mico usana : this game got my heart and i will never forget this! alto's adventure,1
deserves a full 5 star rating.,1
a google user : good game but repetation of same theme make it somewhat boring,1
gavino torres : this game is beyond gorgious,1
monica devi : thank you for creating such soothing and beautiful game. waiting for the sequel on android,1
a google user : obvious difference in difficulty between day and night. and night seems to last much longer than day. besides that,1
cartoonshipper 9500 : it's a good stress free game,1
swarnika nag chowdhury : game suddenly crashing in honor 6x phone. while playing the game it,1
suddenly crashes and have to restart all over again. disappointing. please,0
fix the bug asap. :(,1
terry bowden : i absolutly love this game the music is so calming and nice but i my progress has been reset and i worked so hard for the stuff i had and it looks like my save has been deleted any help would be amazing,0
nikita rao : there nothing special about it but,1
a google user : was really enjoying it until the most recent update. you guys broke the ad version. ***hover feather is now broken too.*** now no ads play to get a revive. disappointing as it was working fine. why oh why did i say yes to the update? it's as if you wanted to force free players to buy the paid version. sad to see a good game get greedy. did ea buy you?,0
devon tibbils : they updated the game a few days ago to give one free revive for premium players. now i can honestly say this is my favorite mobile game ever!,0
marya sales : idk why the soundtrack makes me sad but anyway this game is incredible,1
love it,1
edward melton : it's not perfect,1
double g dawg : the game is great,1
adi bajaj : this one of the best game i have ever played tis game is equal to,1
meditation. one some more updates would make this game legendry,1
fatal tix : this is the best endless runner game if not the best game the only thing i can say is its to good! good job editors.,1
onjulraz : the best runner i've ever played. the art and music will blow you away!,1
mustafa akmal : simple and brilliant combination of stunning visuals,1
exhilarating music. in love with the zen mode!,1
sophie : this is amazing. i love the gift shop and zen mode. i would pay money for this game. i love how simple and minimalistic it is. and the colour scheme is amazing. all round one of the best games that i have ever played.,1
stefan-mihai olarescu : while this game has outstanding graphics and a great feel to it,1
s : there is no other game that is better than alto's adventure this is the,1
best game ever in my life thank you developers,1
dean : after oreo update. this game has some graphic glitches!,0
bradley dufour : love the game and the music is beautiful. but i use maya a lot and the,1
feather is broken for her,1
ice patches and is knocked over by rocks. other than that,1
the game at all,1
a google user : awesome game. keeps glitching out mid run and i lose all coins and any achievements. really frustrating. when it works its highly addictive and rewarding! zen mode really is realizing to play too!,1
isaac sumner : i find most see-how-far-you-can-get games frustrating. i typically delete,1
them within 24 hours. this game gives you a sense of freedom. it doesn't,1
make ads obnoxious either.,1
yenik maningath : best ever multiple snowboarders to unlock new speed of level it's endless running is simple and game play is very attractive this is best for ever,1
james symmonds : it was great but now you get pushed to an ad screen that doesn't seem to,0
dismiss.,1
julian : it awesome what they said short box and the other day and i will be in the,1
morning and i am going to the strippers club member of the world is one of,1
the time of the world and that is a very nice and clean it out then i will,1
be in young people going to have a good day i have been a while ago and it,1
will be a bit of the day of school of business and we will have the same,1
time to get a good day to get the same thing as well but i don't have to do,1
with the new york ny and the other hand if you are not a big deal to be a,1
bit too much to ask if you if you masterbate,1
andrea gotta : 5/5 game with ads game do crash when i active wingsuit in tutorial zenfone 3 asus_z012s android 7.0,1
izzy anderson : love this game! so fun! i don't understand how to get away for the elders,1
durgesh chandrawanshi : amazing game i have ever played. it is perfect combination of beauty,1
simplicity and adventure. overall environment and music is quite relaxing.,1
i am addicted to this game. thankyou to developers for making this game.,1
william franceschini : simply addictive. to bad its not entirely compatible with edge phones.,1
santhosh illa : i always love this game but donno why it's lagging now especially when it's showing that the wing suit is ready to activate. it's stopping the game play for a second. please fix this...,0
abduco : i love this game!!!! its my fav so far. everything about it is amazing! i recommend tharlt in future updates u make it so that a icon shows how many flips u do. thx!,1
rpm productions : love the game absolutely! immersive experience! when are you starting alto's odyssey looking forward to it would like to know ! feedback would be great,1
jagam : it's an awesome game..... but well since my recent software update game,1
keeps on crashing that's it,1
ashish m george : really love the game...love the minimalistic design...though i've been having some trouble lately...the game suddenly crashes and i lose all the progress in the current run and have to start over to finish the goals..also the hover feather isn't working..pls fix this,0
fabian manino : i love the game. i haven't paid for it. i really dislike being forced to watch ads even when i say i don't want to. or ads that have a fake "x" that leads you to their site rather then closing the ad.,0
darshil shah : game stopped working when i open data connection. please fix this issue.,0
mick slippy : great game but every upgrade requires real cash so the coins collected are worthless......yet another pay to win game,1
hg mantenimiento : for be free too much forced to view video adds. to simple for pay almost 5 dlls,0
a google user : in my opinion its a really great game but the only problem is the ads yes i can understand but otherwise its great.,0
neil sheldon : the game needs an option to turn off the nighttime. it is impossible to,1
play the game in the bright sunlight.,1
xyle garcia : this game is relaxing! this helps me when i am in stress or in depression. thank you for implying the game :),1
a google user : it is so relaxing when i am stressing out i just go on the game and i makes,0
me calm down,1
al sabrin : you ll definitely get lost in this game. i can say that this is the only game that has been in my phone for the past three years. waiting for odyssey,1
gary van vuuren : no aldo's odyssey on android...this is a 5 star game in all aspects but,1
won't change rating until odyssey released on android!,1
a google user : i used to absolutely love this game! until i purchased the "premium,1
upgrade" only to realize it doesn't transfer to new devices. i shouldn't,1
have to pay per device to use a game i played every day and already,1
purchased. emailed weeks ago with no response!,1
kim h : a beautiful game with pleasant music. i love it. it's relaxing yet fun and,1
challenging but not overwhelming.,1
tayyab khan : i love this game i just like it and the music it is just like a sad but i,1
cried this music is like sadness and i thick what this game is made about,1
it is like the kid is orphan and i love this game,1
legacy durham : the controls are so easy to use i want to be a computer progamer when i,1
grow up i aspire to work on a project like this,1
a google user : this is game is really fun and scary because you might get caught hehe,1
a google user : please let me know how can i use wingsuit i purchased it but can't use it.please teach me,1
pixlegun king pixlegun king : i hate this stupid crappy game it won't let me jump,1
logan pate : this is by far my favorite game on the app store. yes,1
yes there is ads,1
the ads are not video ads. the game itself has a gorgeous soundtrack and,0
wonderfully simple,1
practically a must try and i cant wait for alto's odyssey. great job guys!,1
md faraaz : uve done a favour to ever1 by putting zen mode and the music... noodle,1
cake has world class games. please can you work on alto's odyssey. i think,1
it has not arrive in india yet.. thanku,1
levi : great graphics,1
of content at the same time.,1
katie lafleur : love this game,1
easy to learn,1
style that you like and can then better your scores.,1
captain aviator : this game is so soothing and fascinating that i really am speechless!! extremely recommend getting this game asap,1
bicumber : the game is calm,1
vasilis ekizoglou : one of the best games to play and relax. the graphics are insanely good and give you a feel of relaxation,1
s p : premium version is the way to go. awesome job guys!! great game & good time waster,1
nicole duhamel : this my favorite game ever! the music is amazingnand the tricks alto can do ! this beats apex in my opinion or anyothe game on google play store.,1
sachin sharma : please launch new adventure alto odasy bcs i have completed all 180 goals...,1
abdullah qureshi : i lost all my progress got to level 30 had lots of things and lost it all,1
a google user : i really enjoy this game its really peaceful using the zen mode and the challenges are really fun. cant wait for altos oddeysey,1
dominique mallari : the game is so relaxing and smooth. i just feel like the music is really,1
smooth and lovely. <3,1
a google user : i love it! so much effort put into the game,1
artistic the graphics are. great game noodlecakes,1
pcr dominoes : great game. controls can be a little bit fiddly though. amazing graphics,1
james verity : one of my all time favorite games every! stunning design and simplicity,1
allan maximo : it's a lovely game that i use when i need to meditate,1
flayk : this game is amazing,1
that would be nice but great game overall.10/10 stars!,1
baba _ : game also works on portrait mode and on portrait mode game ui is totally,1
broken specially on menu screen,1
thaddeus archer : absolutely amazing,1
a google user : one of the best game ty for this entertaining game so great and i love,1
it.dare developer please can you add multiplayer so we can enjoy playing,1
with my sister s,1
tyrone hawkins : fun but i think the elders chase is a little too hard...you really cant,1
outrun them,1
h satti : a lot of bugs when it comes to watching an ad to revive the player as sometimes you watch the video only to find out ur dead.. even more annoying are the popups ads during the game that crash it!!,0
a google user : it's fun l didn't know it coated money but it is great,1
max power : would be great if you could play head to head with friends. like a ghost runner. bring on the sequel.. great game.,1
sage henry : this is the most peaceful game i've ever played! the style,1
pretty much everything,1
brilliantly made game! i applaud!,1
a google user : amazing game,1
pumpkinslayer : the game itself is so relaxing and fun but can be intense aswell and i love,1
it for that aspect. i would be more than happy to pay at least $2 for the,1
game if it automatically gave you double coins or the prices in the shop,1
were halfed,1
double coins if there was something else like 1000 coons or a special,0
character only if you pay. thank you for making a great game and my feed,1
back is appropriated. ^-^,1
saikrishna yadav : gorgeous graphics,1
soothing and calm.,1
cj undertale : this game is beautiful and addictive! it somehow teaches me to love nature!,1
bad wolf blogs : i love this gane,1
emre esen : addictive gameplay,1
little bit relaxed i might add.,1
vitali lobanov : i am most disappointed about the non existent end game content. i grinded,1
through 60 levels to receive a mere congrats - and that's it? literally no,1
satisfaction from the achievement,1
further.,1
talha butt : this game is greaatttttttt!! noodlecake studios,1
sharif siddique : one of the most beautiful game i have played. beautiful graphics,1
a google user : such a nice game i had never played this game is too awesome for playing.... everyone just play this game i hope you will enjoy....,1
ammar bin mahmud prottoy : this is a must have game on my every device. the first game i install on first boot is alto's adventure. everytime.,1
paulshadows : for some reason crashes using my lg g4 stylus 6.0,1
jorn christiansen : love the game. couple glitches with not being able to jump,1
a google user : super super suuuuuuuuuper...simply no words to explain.. give share option of this application in app itself....it will be better to people who want to share it to friends..,1
shakesperean roadman : super game but in my opinion os not the best runing game thanks,1
lokender singh : the game is crashing on my lenovo k5 note a lot and i am sick of it to do,1
same mission again and again,1
case watson : what a truly beautiful and excellent game <3 easy controls,1
simple graphics,1
muhammed cakabay : alto is not fluently on my phone (leecolemax2 4x64) pls give an update and fix it...,0
a google user : great game. its relaxing,1
arunava karmakar : very good game.lot of fun and excitement and also the zen mode is cool.i think that it is my best ever traveling game.,1
l3lel : the audio is calming and soothing. gameplay very smooth. graphics and sfx are epic. keep it up noodlecake studios,1
cam d : simple,1
albert huang : very nice graphic but the game play is a little bit boring.,1
ed_vela z : "this is a cool game!" great graphics,1
for a non heart stopping game!!,1
ricky : it is really fun to play and the music at the background just makes it,1
soothing.this game deserves 5 s'.,1
nandan vasista : music is not great and boring too so give an option to use our music player in the option list,1
wahidut zaman : add some more places more stunt and some use llama we are catching it for,1
no reason then it will be awesome,1
shivam bhardwaj : lots of love,1
lesson.,1
a google user : it is one of those game you can play when you are board and its time consuming ;) loves it!,1
gusti mahesa : awesome game so far.i love the music in this game it's so relaxing and have a good gameplay and graphic.best endless run game.,1
david wise : beautiful game,1
still great to play after you've "finished"; great job noodlecake. :),1
stephen sinnott : it is a serene endless runner where you smack alpacas bums to send them,0
back to your farm? maybe,1
you can play as an alpaca.,1
amul sharma : awesome game minimal themed but a store is needed ,1
jfacee 14083 : this is a really good game! i'm addicted! it's a simple game,1
d n pandit : an big suggestions: 1} keep a option of selecting music and also provide,1
more music.. 2} keep some super coins at the end of the rope or keep coins,1
on rope because we get nothing on rope expect points.. 3} give detailed,1
description of the speciality of the characters. for eg : maya rotates fast,1
in air and paz travels fast. 4} the most important give some coins as,1
rewards when you complete a level bcoz it becomes boring when you spend,0
time for completing a mission and by seeing the reward it makes it more,1
addictive......i hope you would do the following changes.. if you won't,1
,1
worse simple like other games . never seen such a beautiful game,1
****************end******************,1
a google user : honestly,1
fun. while it brought fascination due to the graphics and beautiful scenes.,1
a google user : this game is awesome. very addictive. fun to play when you're bored. i,1
highly reccamend it.,1
khadija omer : it's very relaxing,1
and smooth as you play.,1
erik magnusson : sometimes tapping the screen to jump does not work but the pause button always works,0
a google user : exactly the kind of game that a phone should have. simple,1
quick to pick up and play.,1
guilhem ane : this game is great if you like graphics,1
eye-candy,1
patrick cassidy : was really enjoying the game but now it crashes at random points when playing it,0
darryl jackson : fun game,1
sara e : beautiful,1
subhasish dash : the goals are hard to understand... there is no help option which can tell that what is the goal means....,1
herbert wong : the game experience is great,1
ravi haldar : amazing game it's a very very interesting game. i like it's graphics so....,1
much and audio is . but sometimes it's very hard to control,0
to out of control. another this is awesome,1
izzy diaz : it's very fun,1
a google user : this is great. first of all,1
and beautiful music and different bioms are incredible! i liked these type,1
of games ,1
chris t : awesome game. beat it once and reset,1
ganesh nikam : i really love the game had great graphics and relaxing sound effects.,1
aiden pascucci : i think it is awesome! its one of my favorite games to play! just a tiny bit of lag though...,1
kirjasto paras : you should add a feature where it changes the name of the game if you,1
change character.,1
premanshu das : there is a problem which is still not solved. i have done a factory reset of my phone and the game's folder has gone deleted from the internal storage of my phone. now i have reinstalled the game. i have to play the game from the very beginning which is really annoying. what's the use of signing-in through google play games then?,0
nitin rangaswamy : i really love the game... but its not letting me to play my old progress which is very high level... help me to get my account back...,1
romman : sound ,1
it gives me relaxation,1
ak k : it's awesome i can't wait to see when altos odyssey comes out!,1
monke yee : i love this game. simple relaxing. but recently it crash often.,1
ivy s : i love this game it's so peaceful and relaxing and funny,1
milan rafailovic : game crashes everytime i intend to cross mission with 50 backflips.,0
a google user : it was fun to play but there are way to many ads now,0
windy jay : the game easy is to play and great to play when i am not in wifi. one of my favorite games,1
khaled alfaris : this game is the best i've ever played on any smart phone! it's beautiful-looking and well made. i can't wait to try out their new alto's odyssey soon!,1
despond r. : there's just too many ads now for this to be a decent game anymore,0
a google user : this game makes me feel so calm and relaxed,1
jasmin jones : i have enjoyed the game for months but now my s7 has updated to oreo there,0
are graphics glitches all over the place. mostly from the left hand side of,0
the screen,1
zach : it's a really great game but you should take out the rocks,1
a google user : this game is beautiful and the graphics are amazing. i can't wait for,1
alto's odyssey!,1
normal coat : beautiful game with easy yet addicting gameplay. can't wait for alto's,1
odyssey!,1
marian musteata : it's crashes when i play 5-10 minutes so i uninstalled.,0
jamie callahan : this is easily my favorite game...it's the one game i wouldn't even think about deleting! amazing graphics,1
bisakha barua : it is pleasant and mind refreshing game. it has zen mode which is very,1
peaceful,1
caleb novotny : really well done game. the atmosphere is just amazing. i can't get enough,1
of it.,1
adrian m mora carreto : absolutely amazing! i enjoy it a lot! i use it to relax myself when i'm stressed and it's very useful. give it a try,1
kwabena asiedu biney junior : the app keeps crushing each time i open it!,1
a google user : in small age i used to play this game but unfortunately i deleted my game again at now i got my game so i'm very happy games very very very very super,1
mitchell h : by far the best game i've found for my phone!,1
tino tino : nice game but please can you add different places its boring playing in the,1
same place over and over,1
sooryathejas : very good game. loved it! i will play this game every day,1
bob bailey : so love this game! terribly soothing! ;) can't wait for alto' s odyssey!,1
dom : simply yet majestically beautiful and stunning. a very inspiring game. the category in which this game has mastered is the graphics. especially in zen mode,1
vaxiko : this game is so amazing! beautiful soundtrack,1
victor naine : finally we can pay for clean all of ads!,1
chiccadummythicca : frankly it's pretty great,1
ajaya rath : best simple nd smooth game ever i have played! amazing surrounding nd such,1
a good background song that made whole gameplay,1
loved it nd hope u will too,1
jason steele : there is a small bug but other than that everything is ok. and by ok i mean,1
amazing!!!,1
shifa ahmed : game is nice but looks boring after playing it some 30 to 40 times because it's so boring to jump above the rocks again and again i think u should make changes as we go to other level,0
chris a : wonderful game,1
sir supernova : great game!but i can't outrun that sentry and otherwise a great game,1
kaseem hairston : awesome game simple controls the graphics are amazing and it addictive,1
great job can't wait for oddesy,1
crazy boii : i think this game is awsome and great enjoyment please add some more places,1
and season's,1
shahab ud din shakeel : cannot get back progress any help,1
a google user : i've played subway surfers,1
white_mann101 : i love this game. i just want the developer make alto's odyssey a game for all platforms.,1
gaidal kain : simple premise..... addicting... main gripe preventing 5 stars is the video ad system... i am ok with the ads,1
john-kennedy obinna : very addictive game,1
doug lane : good game but has ads that have taken up 500mb of data in 3 weeks.,1
dawid dziedzic : great app to just let go of everything around you and relax on the game.,1
sheila demers : when i tried to jump the game wouldn't let me jump!!,1
kirit : the graphics and the calm soundtracks go great together,1
a google user : good game but frankly i'm getting sick and tired of waiting for altos,1
odessy for android. my buddy has it for iphone...just release the damn game,1
already!!!!!,1
nathan g : i'd never experienced beauty in a mobile game before i played this gem,1
0 : brilliant. such an addicting game,1
out and about.,1
mahesh m : extremely good game,1
annie plays : it's an amazing game it's relaxing and super mesmerizing,1
great!,1
ellora lynn : this is an amazing game! if you haven't tried it,1
revisha nair rajendran : good graphics with beautiful weather-changing themes. no regrets,1
n r : it is really cool game. great for all people,1
amazing.,1
jon morris : your ad prevented me from playing the game. fun stuff. 0 stars.,1
joseph deans : simple,1
ahmad acai : the most boring game i have ever played.,1
eli c. : aesthetically pleasing,1
pandaking rex : i love everything about it! will never get boring!,1
a google user : relaxing best game played after long time....thanks guys for developing,1
this game....hoping to see more games like this in future,1
matt wilson : simple gameplay. good chill and not think too hard game. beautiful graphics.,1
rahul negi : its really great,1
randomiser plus : amazing game. can't wait to see its sequel alto odyssey,1
thai nguyen viet : in lvl 8 mission pick up magnet and feather in the same run,1
register feather and not magnet? please fix.,1
parsa e : brilliant! love the game and most of all the great relaxing zen mode.,1
thanks to devs,1
a-aron : this game is just so beautiful. you should try it no matter what.,1
patrick donoghue : game is awesome. great music and visuals and overall a nice flow to the whole game.,1
kenneth corcoran jr : definitely an awesome game. well put together and i would recommend this,1
game to anyone. awesome time killer with countless hours of play. try it,1
out and see for yourself!!!,1
muhammad idzhar darissalam : these good reviews must be from robots because this game is totally boring,1
jeepers creepers : man,1
a google user : controls need improvement,0
james olukole : a wonderful game. loved everything,1
monina carandang : great time killer. controls are simple. game play and graphics are sleek.,1
overall a great game.,1
ovie okeh : one of the best games ever!! tons of fun achievement to attain. highly,1
recommend.,1
a google user : honestly an amazing game,1
abhijit rout : it's everything that a game should be. just play and experience it !!!,1
daniel eidi : gorgeus minimalistic visuals,1
furanshisu : this game is great i always haev fun when i play the mission are not hard at all but i just started playing and its great th game plays super cool in my samsung galaxy v phone runs real smooth it would also be cool to add a local multiplayer mode like racing or last man standing stlye kind of but still the game is ok hope you guys improve it,1
sangsan nissapanan : alto's adventure is the best endless run action game and exciting when,1
playing it.,1
mohaned mamdouh : simple yet sublime graphics and the gameplay is very exciting to witness.,1
great job!,1
kalpit vyas : this one of the my favorite games this has nice game control and graphics. i love this game,1
nav deep : music is so relaxing.. i paid for this app but still i see ads.,1
josi : i think alto's adventure is an amazing action game for all ages,1
riley thomas : best game . so addictive makes u want to keep playing,1
debojyoti mondal : great music,1
mr. indian knight : i am feeling scary with the man running on the horse.,1
a google user : superb game loved it.and levels are very interesting as it goes further.,1
damis bran : very nice game. really simple but entertaining. also smart graphics and physics,1
gordon hill : i love this game. i like the back ground music. a fun game to past time with,1
nashia haq : installed it in my every phone from past 2years..coz it feels so relaxing to play,1
sicily mast : the beautiful artwork and peaceful music submerges you in the game,1
elliot mills : really addictive,1
blackbear 23 : i like this game because if you like skiing,1
vinod kumar : good graphics,1
mayrln : love the music and the other sound effects they sound really good,1
alebroc : amazing gameplay and when you are in zen mode it is very calming and relaxing 10/10 well done!,1
yixy : overall it is the best,1
yan graf : occasionally press the screen for some guy doing a backflip occasionally successful,1
natalie w : when is the new game coming to android? i really want to play it! i've,1
updated this and it's still not working! no matter how many times i,1
complete a challenge it won't move on to the next level and the feather,1
doesn't work either! please fix this also will alto's odyssey be available,0
on android?,1
ezri hielmi che daud : i love this game,1
maxmania 1981 : thx to new full-screen add videos gonna uninstall this great game.,1
vin joushe : calm and relaxing game. i play this game before going to bed.,1
lord jagannath : very good game specially zen mode. pls give some more zen modes and music,1
bhanwar lal parihar : this game is very nice and awesome control . graphic design is very charming and audio is very peaceful,1
ben k : why does this request access to photos media and files? then work fine without access? you're farming private user data? who do you sell it to?,0
a google user : it was fun and the graphics are nice the scenery was amazing and unexpected,1
ways to have fun with zen mode.,1
certifiedloverboy : game is nice no ads at all. awesome,1
sasha gh : this game awesome.its hard,1
relaxing.,1
romen chik baraik : very fantastic but the elder man makes me irritated...,1
chequan marshall : this is a good game but it need new levels and challenges,1
puppydog lover : this game is challenging but not so much to the point where you want to,1
quit and it was amazing!,1
madhu singh : my daughter liked this she always play this gamenow. so thanks.,1
innocent makwela : simple gameplay but beautiful graphics,1
yogie halim : very relaxing with great soundtrack ,1
there.,1
david poon : if you can make the workshop scroll better i'll buy the game,1
wil rose : updated with more ads! do you love intrusive ads? well this game is for you! this game was launched with little,1
anna rapin : this game is great hekping my tense bowels shift around in arlington,1
heights.... wooshie....,1
rajat singh : hello team,1
nadya lusiana : this game is so perfect i loves this game the graphic,1
reverend o'malley : one of the greatest games ive ever played on mobile absolute experience,1
this game is !,1
rachid saad : i only bought it to thank the makers for the for the great game and the zen,1
mode. great game,1
a google user : awesome game to kill time. awesome little challenges,1
kingsley ezenwaka : some of the ads don't have a "close" button - you are forced to watch it,0
till the end. not cool.,1
alan george : i have completed all the levels. its amazing. looking foreward to altos,1
odyssey. when will the sequel made available here?,1
malachi haynes : beautiful visual,1
fuzzzyeeet : love playing it it is fun easy game and has a very nice and soothing sound track and i hope to keep playing this game,1
saransh pande : when you play this game,1
game god : it so relaxing and peaceful. can't wait for alto's oddssey,1
richa srivastava : good time pass game .... and does not need a lot of attention,1
paul raymond : love it! addictive and fun and also,1
mode.,1
raj raja : world's best game ever this game. i am waiting for update this game. interesting game,1
rob kenway : awesome game,1
rabe sha : played 1 yr ago.. again played it now.. extremely good graphics...need more,1
features,1
dhulse rumbl : really good and addictive.at the start i was just looking for a offline mobile game.glad i found this.,1
m : this game is the most relaxing game ever. the music is charming and its so addictive.,1
amir azizkhaniroshan : it have a bug. when i damage with a rock,1
sharath s.kumar : beautifully made game! loving the weather effects!,1
robertus agung : fc android 5.1.2,1
alan reid : love this game,1
daniyal hamid : eveything is amazing! the music is the best in any game.,1
zeyaul haque : i love the piano tune in this. the tune is more better when we play in zen,1
mode,1
octimas prime : the art and graphic style are so awesome and background music is so peaceful,1
milanor wolf : my game keeps crashing plz help,1
ibrahim abdullatif : this game passed the level of gaming into art,1
aditya pawar : very short simple and addictive game love the graphics and snowboarding,1
shakir ajeel : its a good game but theres no onlin play,1
prajjawal sharma : when does its new version available it is a great time killer,1
eddie ryan : thihs is probably one of the best games i have ever downloaded,1
sm companies : very interesting game and it have good quality and controls,1
a google user : this is best game but he run not always,1
pramit khatri : great game i love the music and change of daytime its good,1
henry wheeler : this is a big copy of ski safari and that game is even better,1
a google user : i love this game so much it's just so fun to ride around,1
a google user : i love it i love the set the sound and the theme,1
jishnu choudhary : the game and the music is awesome and the zen makes it beautiful to play,1
cheri luvisi : i really like the wings it but it takes too long to earn in a run,1
rama chandra behera : the zen mode is very relaxing than meditation and the beautiful music is just awesome,1
adam s prestage : this is an absolutely beautiful game easy to play and a real delight well worth downloading it,1
a google user : i loved the game and the music is really relaxing i just wanted more seneary i mean the scenery is pretty but it could be better,1
davis johnson : this is by far the most pleasant game to play on any device,1
first last : it's really hard to see in the dark,1
stepan fendo : very nice game with astounding graphics. the best game ever!!!,1
prakash : very bad game it's soo small,1
rainer : a peaceful and relaxing game. a must play to reduce blood pressure.,1
oskar shaw : love it so much this game is the greatest and i love the calm music,1
games gameplay and mlg : this game make me so happy legendary graphic s,1
a google user : superb game i have ever played in my whole life,1
a google user : fantastic game. the changing of weather is excellent. i loved the music.,1
great game.,1
cooldull 32 : i love it can't wait for odessy but needs one new charictor with new abilety,1
black scull : altos od should have a story the games great but such a great game needs a,1
great story,1
mohammad khalit : this game is amazing simple gameplay and loveable graphics this game deserve 5 stars one of the best game that i have play,1
a google user : this game is creative i liked it very much becuase you maked another game,1
about it i just want you to complete what you are douing positivly,1
chris murphy : honestly i absolutely adore this game but why so many ads now? you used to only have to view ads if you wanted extra coins but now theres ads everywhere? kinda makes the game feel like a clickbait facebook game.,0
johnny : gorgeous and zen mode is a joy to play along side some tasty psy such as shpongle or astrix,1
iorath bennett : an amazing game but why work on updates rather than releasing alto's odessey,1
a google user : i can't put it any other way then perfect,1
ifran rahman : strange peaceful game with simplest graphicss and music .,1
yaswanth chowdary : i love this game best game to relaxation and background music no words to say,1
a google user : this app is kicking me up,1
zetax zhang : when will odyssey come out,1
ganesh kumar : this is realy awesome game great graphics love u so much,1
nyle blue : best game play & super relaxing once you get the hang of it! practice in,1
zen mode first!!!,1
a. kay francis : beautiful graphics,1
anagha giri : not too nice but good for hangout s,1
a google user : it's a great game,1
galaxious night : this is the most amazing game the graphics are so good gameplay is so good i really like how you guys made this game,1
rachelandguy falleynphillips : great,1
applepi : just one word to describe this game: masterpiece!,1
clay bailey : i loved the game! and there are no ads!,1
sage s : i really like the zen run. it is relaxing.,1
a google user : ahhh... hey developer or noodlecake can you make a snowboarding skill like that... and can you make a skin in the game.. please..,0
divya pal : this game is so satisfying and its a pleasure to our eyes and ears,1
a google user : this is the best game in the world nice nature it will comes day and night i like this game tooooomuch,1
victor maldonado : it's a really good game and it's movement is rly nice,1
okokok ok : amazing. no other words,1
rathod narpat : very beautiful game and graphics is v.good,1
akshay jadhav : hats off to the design and art. i wish more such games would be available,1
on android. everything is smooth and relaxing. the sequel ""alto's,1
odyssey"" ... i want it on android asap.,1
sharin raghavan : very addictive. good game with good controls and a good back ground music,1
rashmi gupta : its good game for stunt and time pass but very good,1
suzanne smit : i love it so i download it by the way no one is a jerk,1
arjun j : good music good stories mostly i loved the music in zen mode,1
hari kiran reddy tadi : addictive. music takes you into another world.,1
satheeshkumar ganesan : the most beautifully designed game in play store. music is awesome. should,1
play with earphones plugged. want to relax? go for ride with alto.,1
mukesh yadav : the game is beautiful. simple,1
[ ] : relaxing.amazing soundtracks.backflips,1
robert a : the sound is seperb,1
seyon sundarakumar : such a beautiful and peaceful game to play! thank you developers!,1
theintern : one of the best graphics on a phone game i have ever seen. very addictive,1
chris wragge : love the game but the black on black text is killing me. @noodlecake - can you adjust the text color to match the in game time of day? thanks.,1
joao mendes : wonderful game. graphics deserve best game ever!,1
fr0st x38 : game design is awesome and soundtrack is relaxing game mechanics is great i play this game all day it makes me relaxed and one more thing please bring altos oddsey soon to android thanks for the best game ever,1
bossman beats : mind blowing helps with stress and other thinks. mind blowing,0
thomas valenty : i think it is super awesome and a great kids game:),1
izhar rifqi buana : great game,1
collins lesulie : beautiful and simple game. gets you out of this world.,1
kyrin viralaine : very fun easy to jump in and the music is very relaxing :),1
st touring : great music,1
arvind s : relaxing music and very good game play,1
kevin brown : simple interface. spectacular gameplay!,1
paul kensler : fast,1
dawnmarie jackson : i absolutely love this game. it is beautiful and challenging.,1
elena knoth : love it its very calming and a time killer,1
aravind vcas : amazing sounds i really love it and very good overlay game experience also once thanks audio team super,1
pratima reddy : it's the best game i've played very addictive.,1
volvillian : fun,1
aniruddh girish : a mesmerising game with an amazing soundtrack and awesome graphics.,1
siddhant dixit : beautiful,1
kurt ballesteros : it is great! waiting for odyssey.,1
oey homan : it makes me feel calm and happy. no stress,1
deadman : fun game. beautiful animation. calmingand relaxing. you'll never want to stop playing.,1
gyanan sankhla : this is the best game i have played nice characters and awesome music.,1
hassan warraich : very beatifull game. thumbx up for the team... but can u tell me when new,1
update of this game come?,1
smokving : the zen mode's music is just..... i can't describe how relaxing it is....,1
and i don't get ads i don't get it how others do.,1
droon acharjee : great time pass! this game is very fun to play,1
flamer : this is undoubtedly one of the best android game ever made,1
aman joshi : the game which is melody,1
a google user : the most beautiful and wonderful game. nice graphics and excellent music.,1
a google user : i love this game. the shadow of alto is making it more realistic. i like,1
the zen mode,1
ever i have played. i will give this gamefor the best game. aww.. i have,1
written so much this is the best game and it is real. here i want give,1
something to alto isn't he feels hungry. this game is,1
.,1
freddy bland : awesome game really looking forward to seeing the sequel,1
ari mcdonell : fantastic game! definitely a favorite of mine.,1
crunchyvelveeta : i love this game,1
osonaut : amazing,1
sam j : hard to stop playing. lots of levels.,1
anbu s : playing zen mode with headphone is really relaxing,1
devesh kaura : relaxing very easy to play nice gameplay,1
jayden robar : it's the best i love it get it its worth it,1
omar hesham : it's so amazing ,1
a google user : it's a very pretty game and anyone can play that,1
a google user : what a game!i love this game.,1
mr dynamo : lovely game,1
mr nobody : a nice game to pass time.,1
happygoose 7505 : brilliant but when is the altos oddesy going to come out,1
ryan rogers : this game is really fun keep up the good work,1
a google user : amazing! i love the alpine theme,1
ghost_t94 : it's really relaxing with amazing graphics and excellent controls,1
aakash kulkarni : a great and a pleasant gaming experience,1
marcus : simple to play but very entertaining. download it and have fun.,1
francis li : this has a good art style and is really good the music is good as well,1
jilli h : great graphics,1
muhtasim daiyan : best game ever i gave it a 5 stars just for the awesome graphics and relaxing gameplay,1
tre murillo : beautiful,1
amanie hassen : i really love this game and the back ground music,1
dhanajit ningthwja : nice graphic and the sound an the views very nice i like it,1
a google user : this game is really funny and joyful,1
bakr b : without seeing what is ahead it is hard to react fast enough,1
mohamad ezz : nicely designed game relaxing and challenging very cool,1
ambili suresh : i don t have words just amazing,1
robert red : i love this game is very adictive and fun to play,1
gerald toledo : awsome btw you guys are doing great on oddesey,1
cole gaynor : terrific game. well executed,1
md johirul islam : this game is awsome then i thought,1
ami lothlorien : finally i've found a great game. beautiful,1
tomer cohen : artistic,1
not raquel : helps a lot with my anxiety,1
rajesh kumar : i love the concept..zen mode is just wow... pleasant scenery...awesome n,1
relaxing soundtrack...thanks to the team.,1
ternimaterx : if you like llamas and snow boarding,1
jonah vanderpol : too much snow 0/10 ign,1
ratnam hengula : i love this game it is very easy to controls and nive,1
kommula machararao : the best game i had ever played,1
stuart lynch : i bought this on my old phone. none of my stats are recoverable. i'm also expected to purchase again.,1
siddhesh mhatre : very nice graphics,1
a google user : the background music of the game.. ohhhh it's really good.,1
azha makhdoomi : the great game. good graphics and more.,1
karthik sunny : beautiful game. lovely graphics. i enjoyed it.,1
fabulouskatske : very calming game with wonderful music and clear sounds.,0
naziya dor : it is best known game in world it is best game in world i love this game,1
dragonpilot5 : it won't pickup when i flip and the controls lag,1
onkar ta : nice game with relaxing art. very smooth nice graphics.,1
neeraj jadhav : zen mode is fantastic. really well done and relaxing,1
carver peterson : it has amazing graphics and the controls are very easy.,1
xxpixelman hacksxx : i love it i wish i could rate it unlimited stars!,1
rajan neupane : what a beautiful and calming game! absolute masterpiece!,1
devanshu sharma : most boring game i have ever played just wastage of your data i think dev.,1
should make it more exiting and colourful try to add the themes like summer,1
vacation and cracker festivel to make your game more colourful but now its,1
just most booooooooring game i have ever played the require a lot of,1
improvement and most funniest tging is that this game is (editors,1
choice)...........................,1
gamer status : i ama invoved completely with this game...it is a superb game,1
saiyan gamer : great game please launch alto's odyses on android,1
katayoon farahmand : i enjoyed playing this game,1
bindhu rajesh : best game ever.got a very attractive music.,1
sandy war : oh the best game for me <3,1
daxtin miles : i really like the game the gameplay is also really good i like it,1
bernard wu : hope that the developers would add 18:9 display support such as the samsung galaxy s8,1
a google user : awesome that's all i have to say,1
ayush garg : nice art style and gameplay for when i can't game on my pc. when's odyssey,1
coming out?,1
a google user : very easy controls. the graphics are great and everything is explainable.,1
lorcan smith : i loved the graphics and it's very addictive,1
a google user : excellent graphics and very much addictive.,1
oiva : it was the best thing that has ever happened,1
jay : a great game in my opinion,1
mohammed ahmed : loved the game,1
stefman : really nice for calming down and killing bordom,1
sabin udash : awesome sound track.....the most special thing i loved about this,1
game....well done,1
c. c. : great thought put into this game.,1
vallavan rahul : best game with beautiful graphics simple and mind relaxing game,1
dick _the man : this game is super addicting super fun and very calming,1
atomikbgd : only game i play on mobile. must have app for all my devices!,1
shaundelier : this game is nice!! best skii game i've ever played.,1
rajnesh sharma : feel like heaven.so peacful and mind soothing,1
shahriar baghdadi : it is so beter than you think;),1
altmash deshmukh : please give coin purchasing option.,1
west channel : please in new update,1
magi : alto's awesome adventure should be the title.,1
a google user : stunning visuals great controls awesome game,1
rishiraj shrawat : this app is a stunning confluence of art and technology,1
harigan : amazing game i could play it for hours,1
a google user : love the simple but addicting game play,1
rachit jain : very pretty graphics with perfect background music,1
laura geoghegan : the graphics are beautiful and the music is so calming,1
rosewine : i love it so much alto is cute to,1
van - rod lafortune : the best game ive ever played,1
a google user : it has been really fun to play,1
razmil rafeeq : this game just like mind blowing,1
arkham.j.republic : beautiful graphics and is charming with imagine dragons in the background,1
a google user : i think ink that this is an amazing game to play,1
a google user : good game and well graphics and awesome,1
tasy boy : best sounding game always use headphone,1
izz shamsudin : when you get stress..and play...this game become great.because the,1
atmosphere,1
relax and getting sleepy because this cool game.thanks developer and i,1
can't wait to play alto odyssey,1
its_hotdog : this game is the most beautiful game i have ever seen well done and thank you to noodlecake studio for macking this game but i wish there was a way to tilt alto tho,1
a google user : beautiful art,1
a google user : endless game with beautiful scenery .this game is so cool,1
niloy barai : most relaxing game in the world....really,1
daveml archer : for over a year now,1
ishaan oberoi : beautiful game. best on the play store.,1
a google user : really good,1
phone.,1
shane arland : one of the best games u'd come across,1
chauhan shab : this is a intresting game .i play this game a lot.,1
aakash : a spectecular game i love it especially the weather mode !!!!!!,1
pradip mozumder : i loved this game. it's too good. please download it.,1
a google user : relaxing music. relaxing graphics. relaxing game. absolutely wonderful.,1
saad aslam : gorgeous game with beautiful sound track,1
onur demirezen : this game is a masterpiece by all aspects.,1
a google user : beautiful game,1
a google user : a very nice game. liked it!,1
a google user : this is a very very very very very awesome adventure nonstop game in the,1
world,1
sayan khanra : very good music in background and circumstances is awesome,1
slawek krzak : great game,1
studios graphics and user interface....well done devs....,1
mohammad hashemi karoii : this game is very very good. thanks to producer.,1
a google user : an art of simplicity with a soothing mixture of satisfaction!,1
robert gligoras : great game. spending hours and hours playing,1
hank allen : really beautiful game.i could play this for hours,1
a google user : good graphics,1
jit mondal : will alto's odyssey be ever released for android ?!! i am tired of waiting.,1
a google user : this game take away my spare time its amazig,1
a google user : very good game. awesome graphics.,1
marmik singhania : music,1
owen pf : utterly beautiful. love the addition of zen mode.,1
stay motivated : plz add more musicand wish for cross 50million download.,1
rahul das : superb game in my life.....the song was so good...plz add new songs...,1
big will : love anything by noodlecake everything is so relaxed!,1
sheila :d : i cannot jump??? in the tutorial i can jump,1
myself,1
hitting the rock... smh..,1
lily sanchez : its absolutely amazing. its so relaxing. its all in all a amazing game,1
diamond prince : too simple gets boring easily,1
consciousness : peaceful ,1
mohammad abdullah : its a great game . excellent graphics it has.,1
a google user : this is very cool game,1
toogle down : pls add some more in the shop,1
krishnakumar velu : please dont download nonsesnce game,1
aidan landry : amazing game. addictive. great graphics. this game earned it's rating.,1
teekam kumawat : it's good but try to make it 3d,1
heera joshi : one of the best use of light and a good music.,1
oisin corcoran : it is really fun to play and it's so addictive,1
shereen bose : this game is so amazing. i love it,1
draven georget : very awesome game can't wait for oddesy,1
kumar ankit : really loved the concept and game play of the game.,1
corvet coyote : love the graphics and zen more is great as well.,1
pankaj shrestha : nice graphics i love this game best game,1
christopher fell : i love this game! hoping for news of when the sequel,1
tre shaw : very simple but addicting. i love it,1
simon carlisle : brilliant game,1
sabiha aadil : it's best game but the rider is small,1
a google user : dope game,1
dont price it too high.,1
vito matkovic : awesome game but when is the odyssey coming,1
devoney brown : love this game played a million times,1
wadu hek : nice graphics and brilliant for imaginative kids,1
deepika joshi : this game is very great gameplay,1
zboy 115 : this game is a masterpiece at its finest,1
jorge_53 _garcia : most beautiful game i ever played,1
ciccio piccio : one of the best game ever played,1
michelle reilly : best game ever made on the phone,1
tanmoy das : a very big thumbs up,1
akshat dwivedi : most simple and calming game ever,1
mohammad raza quadri : awesome game with cool feeling,1
rahul kaduri : game is so cool and music is lovable,1
pay 5000dollars to unlock name : this game is really very nice,1
hikari p : simple short cool and classy,1
ekram khan : the most relaxing game ever,1
jessica wu : so heckin addictive so pretty,1
mike sprague : love the game its so fun,1
backyard fox : it has an amazing and entertaining atmosphere,1
damaster 2018 : best snowboarding game ever played,1
milinda shehan : my favourite game i love it,1
abhishek choudhary : everything was amazing but player is small,1
md moquin : i feel it feels positivenes in you,1
luke j : amazing cant wait for the next one,1
kizoku : the way this game feels is amazing,1
rahul bhatt : just two words from the bottom of my heart ....thank you .... for creating this game ... #edit 1 - nothing like this game has been ever created,1
walter laureano : hey. i love your game so much and its relaxing. how can we get the altos odyssey?,1
a google user : humble request to you... plz put #alto odyssey on play store ... i am,1
eagerly waiting for it.. and also can't download it from any other source..,1
so plz plz plz... put alto odyssey on play store.. i will be thankful to,1
you...,1
majid karimi : it's so boring,1
victor clarence : ads in the home page and menu screens are acceptable,1
a google user : sir this is an wonderful game but if u make it multiplayers game like in,1
another update i gurrantee u that it will reach 50 million downloaders too,1
and it will belegendary if u add songs like faded or freinds thnk u sir,1
mijoi groves : this game is coll get it it's coooooool coll get it,1
mallow : i can't tap and hold to backflip,1
atul paretkar : just obsessed with the game,1
im tired : beautiful graphics,1
papori pathok : the best snow skating game in the world.,1
ayan dey : i love the art style of the game and it is a great game.,1
mohab gamer : it's a really nice game,1
fernando navita : great music,1
tanmaya nayak : i have exiting to paly alto's odesey,1
the trendy : best mind relaxing game ever made.a huge applause for the creators a,1
developers and people who made the ideas and made it,1
possible!!!!,1
yashveer singh : really a great game to play and avoid stress,1
reuben jyrwa : great game! peaceful yet intriguing!,1
a google user : ads popup even if i choose to start over.,0
kiran khandagale : this game always freshes my mind,1
blackvetom : short but good game good controls,1
marty benson : stunningly beautiful game 10 out of 10,1
nicholas derrick : very beautiful and immersive game.,1
santosh sundarka : really awesome and addictive game.,1
a google user : perfect game and it's graphics are amazing,1
ke'vontay tucker : loved it can't wait for odyssey,1
dhruv jadav : in love with this game... gr8 graphics,1
arun singh : beautiful graphics,1
samyak shrestha : brilliant. so relaxing and addictive,1
harish reddy : greater look,1
lebron jahames : alto's adventure is a great game,1
vinnarasi : it's very boring,1
lucas blz : can't wait for altos oddessy,1
chiken : we need more tapping games with those graphics,1
harena embaye : it dont let me jump over the rock,1
bee bee : wish there was a way to control flipping forward a touch,0
itz called 'creativity' : iam not lack toes in toddler ants,1
likeaboss mastergaming : everything is awesome!!! i really like the calm music!!,1
tiran pabasara : it's a perfect game app.,1
vijay singh : it is a really best game.,1
prabha karan : super game....when play this game before connect your heatset and feel the sound...sounds is wonderful....,1
hugh robinson : you need to get a handle on your ads. there were innapropriate ads for a game rated e for everyone.,0
emma croft : it will not let me do the back flip,1
blue moon : when will you release a new version like on the iphone,1
chloe phillips : its a fun game to have when your bored,1
a google user : this game has awsome graphics guys! and best gameplay!!! deserved 5 stars!!,1
aahyush : got this on my pc .. good interface,1
the train show : very good graphics and easy play..!,1
jose christian fuentes : its alright. all i need is tap.,1
mary johnson : it's best alto game,1
a google user : if i would rate this it would be a 3,1
impwnd : i love this game but when is altos oddesy coming out? ive been waiting,1
forever.,1
a google user : <3 so much fun,1
red king : very fun,1
nitish patra : very good game..i enjoy this game .. that music very nice..i like this.. thanks,1
a google user : love love love loved it!!!! such an amazing game!!! super fun,1
a google user : i like it a lot,1
parker stanfield : beautiful,1
madan shivashankar : awesome game i love it.,1
mandir hapal bb16 : wow.... nothing to say..... best among the offline games..... superb,1
experience.... love it....,1
rajat srivastava : i feel chill everytime i play this game... it is beautiful...and music...whoa....loved it...,1
justpelumii : i really love this game. it's relaxing.,1
lucas gabriel de moura lima : lofi hip-hop delicious,1
pramesh sinha : awesome music & awesome gameplay...,1
a google user : what an addictive game!!,1
bibek shrestha : awesome game! completed all the goals!!,1
suraj chauhan : simply awesome and soothing to eyes and mind..,1
pedro lucas oliveira : great and relaxing game. very nice!!!,1
a google user : this game is aswome. but there is no store to buy,1
alex wyller : nice graphics,1
khaizal bongiovi : just one word for this game... tranquility!!!,1
kryptonian khan : when is the alto's odyssey coming out for android... this game though,1
wahid tousif : nothing to say about this game ...... its awsome love it....... like it.....,1
rebel scum : great,1
ayush rathaur : greatest game for the ski lovers!....!,1
a google user : this is an a amazing game and it is relaxling i got it for free on play store but i costs money on app store(apple).,1
a google user : psych game can play it all day long plz instal it unbelievably awesome,1
game,1
satyendra srivastava : great graphics. seen design. music is soothing..,1
a google user : very nice .i recommend to download this game,1
a google user : it's a really awesome game with really awesome music and it's really awesome,1
shahid ahmed p : good and nice game.. i enjoy playing it!!,1
kranthi kumar : disappointed with app becoming unstable,1
ej cain : awesome game.. when is the next one coming? i can't wait!!,1
taranpreet singh : best to get the feel of nature at home......loved it......awesome,1
music......awesome gameplay......awesome everything,1
ashutosh jena : amazing game .. good graphics.. nice to play,1
kosmoak : i liked the game and the zen mode is cool....,1
basil twait : the best game ever!,1
lucy torres : i loved the game!,1
hardev sharma : best game ever..... simple,1
felix : great time passer!,1
shakil hossain : gorgeous music.....really love it,1
chris d : great...until all the ads were added.,0
ramesh mathavan : mind blowing game ever....,1
ayush dev : this game is really awesome....must play it,1
thyag rajan v : simply great !,1
kali rajan : i really like it fantastic game.....,1
lilan nawagamuwage : great game!,1
darshan : waiting for alto's odyssey!,1
tviny28 : beautiful graphics!!!!! i love this game!,1
fury rahul : addictive game.... awesome gameplay,1
opsylulu : it's sooo peaceful,1
grace minick : it's awesome!,1
henri duarte : i love this game!,1
rawan mohammed : i..love..this...game!!,1
sachielle abeynayaka : could be more.... adventurous,1
ahmedy tolba : absolutely gorgeous game!,1
jessica jones : amazing game. lots of effort put into it,1
sandeep dk : graphics attract a lot....the sounds are realistic....features are good and,1
smooth,1
papa midnight : really good game,1
deepak tiwari : i love this game.,1
sabari mj : this game is something else. unlike other games about wining this one is more like to keep the players in a relax mode.,1
ray adams : it's a good game,1
zyphro rodriguez : it's so relaxing,1
soham deb : one of the beautiful games.,1
a google user : worst and too worst,0
a google user : very bad game,1
andrew bell : helps my anxiety,1
flersive : pinnacle of visual pleasure.,1
christopher robledo : it's marvelous!,1
waqar hussain : very good game.,1
goulz : it's fum and relaxing,1
a google user : it's mind blowing!!!!,1
hatef khosravi : one of the best games!,1
a google user : loved every bit of it.,1
sujit kumar : it's amazing and great,1
ghazwan yaseen : one of the best games,1
mr. shubham : when i play this game...i find peace..,1
tanakarn somsuk : everythings about it is good and beautiful.,1
shannarylee : i love it so much!!!!!,1
swapnil dabhade : in love with this game.,1
arslan sulemani : best soundtrack best graphics best gamedesign loved it,1
nikko gorne : wonderful game... brings me to another world...,1
mighty white : love it. addicted!!!,1
md milon : this game is awesome,1
ahmed noman : love it's simplicity.,1
eric johnson : when will we see alto's odyssey on android?!,1
egg : i think everyone should play this game,1
cooking cringe : i love this game!!!!!!!,1
ranit seth : not bad.....nce..,1
zai .c : wow .....great . . i love it,1
008 xversion : perfection!,1
raymond bugagao : awesomeness!,1
a google user : great game!!!,1
a google user : i love this game...,1
sruthi reddy : peaceful and pleasent game.loved it,1
lannon harms : what an awesome game!!!!!,1
mazen khlifa : perfect game realy if i have 1m bucks i'll be give the money to developers realy realy amzinggggggggggggggg,1
a google user : it's a good game...,1
envy_x_wrld 12 : my life has changed in,1
anuj sain : loved it!,1
a google user : awesome game and sound effects,1
a google user : wonderful game i love it,1
kallenof duty1 : good timekiller and the graphics are beautiful,1
a google user : undoubtedly 2018 best game,1
dhanesh rajpurohit : a very good game,1
sayan sengupta : great game with a good graphics,1
a google user : best game on google play,1
kotetg : best game on my phone,1
sagnik roy : very simple and stressfree game,1
shefaul shakib : amazing game definitely download,1
a google user : beautiful game bgm is amazing,1
ja 'shaun kelley : this deserves the max rating,1
rajendra mane : the game is very good,1
a google user : relax music amazing graphic,1
a google user : i love the background music,1
abd essalem : great game so far,1
wolf dragonheart : amazing music and attention to detail,1
karthikeyan m : superb game awesome music,1
a google user : it was a really good game,1
a google user : amazing graphics relaxing game,1
ken pipersburg : i love the jumps and stunts,1
a google user : thanks for such a beautiful game,1
a google user : fantastic feel on playing this game,1
anuruddha priyasad : great oneof themobile game,1
tim xia : best game in the app store,1
vamsidhar alluri : one of the best game in playstore,1
james_ : nice game to play anywhere,1
sheikh jannatul ferdous ishani : better than temple run,1
a_random _idiot : love the color s in the game,1
a google user : awesome game and easy going,1
marco munoz : i berely like playing it for free,1
bucks for the full version....and that's because i like it,1
abd samad : not boring&very inrested,1
john : die once and have to watch an add to continue? no thanks.,1
hello,1
ashkan heidary fazel : the best game ever,1
a google user : enjoyed it,1
fredrick martin : addictive!!!,1
mammgz 2 : wonderfully made.,1
rick mac gillis : boring.,1
marcus jackson : it's addictive,1
tim byrd : it's awesome,1
kalvin joesva : it's awesome,1
devarshi raju : nice theme.,1
miguel zamora : game = life,1
sourabh vaidya : very good game and very easy,1
mohammed shafeeque n : fantastic+marvelous+beautiful,1
a google user : this game is very great game,1
llandyn lubs : it's good,1
jaden desmond : loved it.,1
allison krause danielsen : love the llamas :),1
saroj kumari : it's nice,1
mohd asif : it's good,1
syed asad ali : it's good,1
jyotirmoy roy : awesome graphics...,1
einsoh mack : nice,1
a google user : " best of best ",1
arinda bagchi : really awesome game but when will the updated greece version will come in,1
android my friend!!!!???????????,1
a google user : best game and music,1
a google user : this app teach people how to snowboard that's cool,1
mukta roy : awesome super graphics awesome gameplay,1
eric bradford shinoda : more perfection...,1
krysette gala : my taps aren't working,1
suryadevara venkatesh : worst game,1
tom lander : beautifully designed and executed,1
jac-jac davis : very fun to play,1
legend boi : cool addictive game,1
pankaj kumar : good graphical game,1
m.r. salatin ruso : cool and preety game,1
eden gibson : great visuals and music,1
pramada pranjali : this a adventure game,1
max eagle : i love this game,1
rohit behera : awesome and tons of fun,1
raghvendra mishra : very nice game,1
afzal naseem : good and nice game,1
a google user : such a cool game,1
camille l. : its pretty lit,1
a google user : beautifully made and simple,1
a sammy : awesome game to play,1
lucile : amazingly beautiful and peaceful,1
nyc jesus : its a great game,1
a google user : i love how simple it is,1
nick clark : this game is awesome,1
loaf of bread : pretty good game,1
tejas ks : good and addictive game,1
pocket gaming : very addictive and fun,1
a google user : superb gaming experience,1
gudubabu status : the beautiful game,1
a google user : very nice game,1
ijjbv jwjansja : smoothing and relaxing,1
max stretch : really fun and enjoyable,1
sankar k : best game in the world,1
hamish dinger : bloody top,1
a u : loved it.,1
mr. imperfectionist : cool play man,1
vardhman sidhu : when will alto's odyssey be released?,1
shrinath bhegade : i play it to complete the missions,1
punk pandaxd : tell us what you think,1
austin simmons : it calmed me down,1
a google user : this game is really addicting,1
wisley brutus : this game is awesome,1
chaitanya lal : best gameplay and graphics,1
a google user : this a beautiful game,1
xuanfate : when can we play the odyssey?,1
maral barzegaran : that is great,1
a google user : how do you access altos odessy?,1
shane vandenberg : calm and relaxing,1
google user : this game sucks,1
hrushikesh patra : what about the alto obessy,1
li'l bro : this is agreat game,1
a google user : story snowbord game,1
meet rathod : game controls are to be fixed,1
a google user : awsome game,1
dean emerton : awesome great,1
niher barman : love this game,1
asraful islam : great graffics,1
cel este : pretty good,1
zhyve abstro : impressive graphics,1
amanda pong : relaxing and challenging,1
jack caccioppoli : simply pleasant,1
jonny g : love it to bits,1
a google user : absolutly wonderful,1
a google user : awesome graphics,1
alfonzo hill : love this game,1
sgd : simply awsome,1
ryan martin : fun with joy,1
ericka gutierrez : good graphics,1
anthony martinez : great game,1
jonty : absolutely fantastic,1
samuel obeng antwi : great game,1
samuel chavez : its relaxing,1
kayaan udachia : strangely calming,1
anup avasthi : great gameplay,1
lee olly - 'y not c' : enjoyed that game,1
a google user : soft music,1
alimul raji : great game,1
christian garcia : challenging and fun,1
mihai zoican : addictive and relaxing,1
anshuman majhi : awesome graphics,1
carmen castorena : i think it is awsome,1
d d : simply flawless,1
anirudh rajput : it is very beautiful,1
a google user : super addictive,1
a google user : awesome play,1
matthew smith : why does it asked to have access to my photos and media?,0
simon mallais : hate it,1
saku leinonen : boring,1
a google user : hate,1
arch axis : boring,1
a google user : boring,1
zombiemunch : a lot to fix.,1
beni m. : where is alto 2 ?!?!?,1
a google user : cool,1
tewie wessels : enchanting,1
jyotheeswara reddy : addictive,1
tarek bouchoucha : relaxing,1
levi johnson : won't load,1
uganda knuckels : this knows de way,1
jeff hunwicks : just play it!!!,1
maria saade : the game has been quitting mid-game and closing by itself. i keep trying to finish quests but sometimes they don't count cuz of the app quitting unexpectedly. please help,0
a google user : full of pleasure,1
victor wainaina : after yesterday's update i literally can't play the game. i play for around 3min before it force closes. this has been happening just after the first elder. please fix because this is the only game i actually ever play.,0
kartik.m giri : asowme,1
daniel reardon : the game is fun to play. it does have bugs such as lag and dropped frames (on a pixel 2). also some if the ads are very aggressive and will switch to chrome and load a few sites before closing back to the game. sketchy behavior. i was considering purchasing to remove ads before it did that and instead uninstalled it.,0
ali farahini : the adventure is unique,1
quails on rails piety : easter egg found ... after you end a run hit the plus button next to the coin collector..( a video will play ) once the video has played you get 500 coins added. stay in that screen and press your home button then return back to your game. you will get 500 more each time you leave and come back to your game. collect coins unlock everything beat game fast...,0
matas jasonas : the game it self is awesome. great graphics and very smooth experience. also was amused by the music and sounds. the only thing that really sucked the joy out of it were random crashes without errors (xiaomi redmi note 3). during them the progress of that slide is lost. and a bug (although not critical) it is hard to explain so i will not discuss it here.,0
james crawford : don't usually leave a review but had this game a long time and it's by far the best game i've played on a phone. it's the one i never uninstall and always find time to play. this is seriously one of the most relaxing and beautifully designed games out there. perfect for when you're feeling stressed out and you need to take your mind away from things for a while. there's a dedicated zen mode as well for when you want to really chill out while playing. looking forward to the sequel.,0
lianne lim : the game became worse after the recent update: 1. clicking to watch video ads do not work. no ads came up though i have tapped watch. 2. crashing more when the characters travel more than 10000km and losing all coins. 3. paying to remove ads doesn't work. overall it is a nice game but the update ruined the whole experience.,0
laraib ali : the game is great. its got a soothing music with relaxing gameplay. i downloaded it when it was only five thousand downloads old and today its an editor's choice in google play store. keep it up developers. only recommendation is that it can be more arcade filled. after a while it becomes weary and action-less. please work on it.,0
jef huntington : do not pay to upgrade this game! the premium version is not better than the free version. with the free version,1
tyler martin : a fairly laid back scroller,1
roza zilonitis : 5 stars no questions about it. yesterday for some reason tried this game while headphones were in and omg such a nice twist with sounds guys. nice work on that. music is beautiful same as graphics,1
joe kraus : when did this game get ads poping up when you crash (ads that you didn't ask to see). super annoying that the developers have added this to a very old game,0
ilaria passano : 1. add more stuff 2. it lags or crashes often. 3. once i watched a video to get an extra life but then the game didn't work. 4. another time,0
s0pk : alto's adventure is a chill snowboarding game by noodlecake where you as a alto snowboard an endless mountain for a reason you can decide. either for score,1
xi : one of the best free mobile game i've ever downloaded,1
kurtis daniels : usually i'm not a huge fan of runners. the same set of obstacles and,1
actions make them get old fast. that can't be said for this game,1
it has enough variation that it captures my attention every time i pick it,1
up. i'm also a huge fan of the graphics and like how there are events such,1
as night and rain. all in all,1
games folder for a long time.,1
duncan m : one of,1
alby : it's a nice calming down game that doesn't put pressure on you to get everything done. it's a choice to complete everything and you can restart if you want. my only problem is sometimes when i tap on the screen it doesn't work but that might be because it's cracked so i don't blame this game. but it also has been kicking me out mid play.,0
robotic wizard88 : this game reminds me of life...ups and downs and whatnot. but there are a few things i have learned. if there is a rock in the way,1
cp gautam : clearly a game like non other. even the visuals alone make you want to play it all day long. though there are some bugs such as after picking a feather the only change is your character turns blue,0
bijoy roychowdhury : update: advertising has increased ,1
chaitanya tahasildar : i have played number of games & uninstalled once completed or after getting tired. but this game is special. the background music,0
donovan : a fun and simple game,1
mark onnen : this is the story of a humble alpine llama herder who is also the greatest snowboarder in the world. simply put,1
sayan mukherjee : i have dropped the rating from 5 star to 2 star just because of one fact. i used to play this game alot but due to lose of the previous device i have installed it in the new one but i cannot get my progress back. if it's possible to have it back anyway i'll be really great full. thank you,1
aaron larson : to many damn ads. i haven't played this game in months,1
owen varley : don't understand what people are talking about. continually slide down a hill,1
stephen isaac : i have been enjoying it till recently,0
mohit : its a very nice concept. love the minimalism. only 2 things i disliked about the game. firstly if the game is over,1
leo eppinga : all-around my favorite mobile game ever. if you're looking for an excellent offline timewaster,0
ronald duttweiler : wonky controls and no actual reason to catch the llamas left me lacking. the jump controls were bad,0
king kagle : this is one of the best games ever made. while obviously made for mobile,1
stephen clark : i had this a 5* but knocked two stars off. they've removed the 3-lives game mechanic,1
kaidyn sisk : i love this game,1
mu shr00m : do not buy this game! i really enjoyed this game,1
taylortyler999 : i love this game. i've installed and deleted alot of games that i've gotten tired of,1
john valenzuela : the zen mode is fun for a while,1
karl knoernschild : don't pay for ad free $5 gets you and ad free version that also removes the ability to continue the game after crashing. this makes it difficult or impossible to keep progressing in the game and turns it into an instant death scenario where one mistake ends the game. the description of what you are paying for is very deceptive - it says it removes ads but doesn't say it is also entirely removing the ability to respawn. my $5 bought me a practically unplayable game. complete waste of money.,0
etz oren : one of my favorite games ever. one of my favorite things about this amazing game is that it's simple. there are so many games that are so confusing and with so much stuff,1
noah infinity : alto's adventure has to be on of the best,1
a google user : the is a great game,1
jessica kane : a beautiful game! i love to play it to get my mind off troubling things. the only negative is that sometimes i don't get revived after watching an ad or spending coins and the same thing happens with getting coins as well. other than that,0
jacob hurlock : one of the best games i ever played. the graphics are beautiful,1
logan henderson : this is a beautiful game and the 'zen mode' is very relaxing and a great stress relief method. the controls are basic and easy to learn and it doesn't push ad's onto the player,1
sanjay l : this game is very fun an addicting.. until i paid for the premium 4.99 packge. sure it removed ads but its soo much harder to get revives especially since they cost coin..which you cant get easily from watching ads anymore. so you have to work for it! great game overall though.,0
anthony rayburn : back flip to grind 3 times is bugged. completed it 5 times now and each time immediately after completing it the game crashes. otherwise fun simple game. i wish you could do more with coins. after the upgrades there's no other real use for them.,0
dan : great. chased by 6 pedophiles with 8 million rocks in the way,1
carin peelen : i love this game,1
erika m. cecena : dear noodlecake studios,1
professor_q : used to love the game,1
dustin coffman : i'm very disappointed. i have loved this game for over a year. however ,1
mge : stunning,1
ayaan hussain : great game. artwork and sons effects are awesome. one problem is that sometimes when i grab a magnet or hover feather the game crashes. please fix this. in the next update maybe you could add more snowboards that are faster and can flip faster and each have a special ability. keep up the good work.,0
zero 223 : pls add were u can custimize ur charcter by buying. scarfs hoods jeans also what would be cool to race your friends gohst by adding them to have. leader bourd wars and see whos best if u added this stuff id rate 5 stars and make all my friends get this game u have a good idea but u could make it evan better with this stuff,0
muhammad faizan : beautiful,1
tim kraske : absolutely love this game! it's very relaxing,1
michelle m. : the game is really good,1
dudley barker : by far the best,1
josh draves : a decently good time killer,1
michael acres : used to love this game. i've paid for it 3 different times on three devices and ads still show up. i do not recommend. very sad to see such an incredible game sell out. alto is now unplayable. they must have gotten greedy. unfortunately i will delete this game never get a response from them and never be able to play the game i purchased.,0
ronnie hampton : fairly glitchy,1
az levven : i am the type of person that hates simple games,1
noble puzzler : this game is really fun and challenging,1
zane truesdale : i adore this game. it's so simple and fun. the visuals are absolutely stunning and the music is beautiful. it's just so calm and relaxing to play. the challenges of levelling up make the game more fun and make me want to unlock all the characters. i gave this 5 stars but some possible improvements include: *add a speedometer to show how fast the rider is moving *add some other game modes maybe but whatever you do please keep the aesthetics and controls simple!,1
a google user : it is amazing and interactive game for all age. the simple and smooth graphics make it to liked by all the players. the gamecontrol is little slow but the sound track is awesome with changes with the surroundings. no doubt that is the best editor choice game which i have ever played. huge round of applause for " alto's adventure ".,0
gimba chungyalpa : alto's adventure is fun and makes time fly. it calms a person and keeps one composed. the zen mode is quite frankly fun. the one suggestion i would give is to allow us to keep alto's muffler long while playing. it could be toggled in the settings. i really would love to see how long it can be made. the only complaint is that the game is quite repetitive. i would like to see more obstacles and settings.,1
a google user : this game is unbelievably stunning. everything about it just sets you at ease,1
luke alexander : game is very fun,1
roo foo : i wanted to love this game,1
anindya guha : this is a great simple game -- the artwork and music are both great and i find it greatly relaxing to play this. i also like the fact that there are some small goals you need to achieve to go up to the next level -- kind of gives you a purpose to keep playing.,1
trey rose : great relaxing game,1
fantasy96 : no matter how good the game is (graphics soundtrack etc.) i cannot rate it any higher until you fix that hug bug that force closes your game while you're playing and you have to start all over again. it's really annoying especially when you want to do quests. pls fix !,0
constantin schneider : this has got to be one of the best games i've ever played. it's incredibly relaxing but exciting and challenging at the same time. there is absolutely no flaws whatsoever,1
a google user : absolutely beautiful and fun. zen mode is a great way to relax and calm your mind. especially with headphones. the music and sound effects are very well done and the graphics are beautiful.,1
raphael levine : i love this game so much! well worth the download. the artstyle,1
palemon del valle fuentes corrientes : i'm really happy with this awesome game. however,1
just ignore me : it's relaxed to play on zen mode,1
parteek dhawan : amazing game. love it. relaxing,1
a google user : i purchased this game and now i have adds popping up all the time and in such a way i have accidentally clicked on a couple in irritation. the jump function is entirely to slow now. it used to work fine but now sucks. end up hitting rocks all the time because of delay in response.,0
christian setiawan : when art meet entertainment .. this is lovely game.. very artistic.. what i like the most is the best hd audio experience.. this game give you real meaning of stress killer,1
kate erickson : i think this would be a really fun and relaxing game... if i could play it. on a moto z2 play this game usually can't even start up without crashing and if i do somehow get a game started it lags and bugs and freezes at critical moments. i really want to play this game but i literally can't. please fix it.,1
eli benko : excellent game. really enjoy the graphics,1
nathan del carmen : the game is able to reach far,1
have problems with is that there isnt much to do like maybe bulls charge at,0
you and you got to jump at the right time or maybe,1
if you win the challenge you get a prize and maybe you could add online,1
versing. secondly there isnt much stunts to do in the game,1
this is only my opinion but still this game can reach any farther than most,1
games,1
marble.magpie : i love this! the graphics are beautiful and i love the music. zen mode is so cool,1
alex p. : same as others have said: buying premium means you lose functionality. the free version is better. after buying premium,0
a google user : it started crashing every few minutes. i played a lot and are at level 50 now but it's absolutely impossible to fulfil bigger tasks due to the random crashes. clearing cache and rebooting didn't help..,0
mark ash : easy yet challenging. got me hooked until the battery went dead. after watching a video to revive my play,1
hayden polanco : reminds me of the playstation game journey. it's a visual piece to me,1
michael arias : great game,1
john v : very nice graphics. but what makes this so good is the sort of magical mood it sets while you ski through sunrise and sunsets and rain showers. a nice touch is zen mode let's you ski endlessly with out interruption. this game will be on my phone for a long time. update: lost interest in the game after a while and didn't play for several months,0
ian lawrence : i love this game but recently it's been randomly crashing. not sure what makes it happen but i'm on the higher levels so the challenges are harder and it's frustrating to have to get try for them more than once because i lose my run,1
johannes schmidt : great game...but i bought add free now i need to restart after one bail. if i use the free version i can watch adds 2 times and keep on playing,0
christopher allen : the ads ruin this game. the ui seems deliberately designed to be slow / poorly responsive at the end of a run so you naturally press restart several times. then an ad appears,0
martyna truszczynska : after last update app is very annoying,0
tony ip : beautiful stunning graphics... intense gameplay with smooth controls. love how the background changes from day to night and other weather conditions like lightning. would def recommend x,1
steezmunkey : alto's adventure is an awesome game. but the controls are a little annoying at times. i hate when you can't see rocks because they're in front of something in the background. also flipping is pretty annoying to do.,0
sinister cin : just you,1
william universe : this game is phenomenal,1
pritam mohanty : a must have minimalistic adventure game for everyone. simple yet beautiful design with awesome gameplay makes it hard to ignore from playing once downloaded from the playstore... so hurry up,1
vandit tomar : i loved this game a lot. but the moment you guys released ads in it. it just took the fun away. come on please remove the ads. it ruins the experience. please guys. i love this game a lot. playing it since a very long time . please remove these ads.,0
christiana kirov : beautiful graphics,1
luthfie s.a. : one of the best game i've played. i'm not a gamer at all but this game is addictive. could you please add the setting for the night/day. because i prefer to be in the day mode. i love to see the sun. thank you.,1
a google user : beautiful game,1
sigurur erlendsson : i love the game,1
a.r achterberg : one of the,1
sophia young : simple yet satisfying. the graphics and the music are extremely well done,1
and challenges keep it interesting to improve with every run. kudos to you,1
devs,1
kelsey martin : before i go into the issues,1
jerome zaugg : probably the most beautiful graphics i've seen in a mobile game. a wonderful setting with a calm and relaxing soundtrack. the game is simple yet challenging and it does have a meditative effect.,1
pravanjan jena : i think it is great for pass time. but not for those who want to entertain themselves by playing games. you know i liked it but i only played it in my pass times only.,1
aniket mishra : there is bug in game. a huge bug.. i can continue game when ever i crash no need of money or any promotional videos easy continue of game where ever i want... hahahaha a great bug in game.. how this game can get a google play award 2016 with this kind of big mistake with game. apart frm this mistake the game is awsm to play..love the concept,1
sadeq heydarbakian : i have never seen a game so perfectly thought through by the developers. there is no flaw to mention. it's sheer joy and beauty.,1
qasim ekbal : i wanted to give 5 stars but i gave 4 coz u should add daily challenges with rewards and other options to for earning rewards.. after playing 15 days this game makes me bore so plzzz add some interesting tasks,0
fodzy miah : great relaxing game if you just could add few more relaxing music and a few jump moves becasue it gets boring when your playing for 5 -7 minutes and the only thing your doing is jumping so it would be nice to have a few jump moves just to have that variety. but other than that its great,0
sanjib mishra : absolutely fantastic,1
nirosha liyanaarachchi : this is the best game ever. graphics are so beautiful,1
matthew hodges : beautiful game. but too many ads and $4.99 to remove them is too steep for a mobile game that is not unique or novel in any way.,0
a google user : when they introduced this amazing game with a *premium* version and made coin doubler to be purchased. it ruined the feel of the game.,1
jonathan hauser : this is a fantastic game,1
charlesx13 : wow. the music was fantastic and the animations as well. it is the perfect game. it is an extremely simple game yet it is so captivating. i fell in love with this game immediately. i love how the creators have were able to keep the ads to a minimum. the ads only play when you want to continue your life after you die in the game. overall it is an amazing game !,0
m o f : they make you watch 15 second commercials every time you crash. it's awful. ruins the fun.,1
hocus pocus : prime example of a well made game. everything from the sound design,1
bri h : love the game,1
azel joe : this game is so relieving and relaxing... especially the zen mode... in the regular gameplay the missions can be sometimes frustrating but it fun and challenging.,1
molly lowe : i love this app and have it for several months,1
max s. : i absolutely enjoy the game. simple and relaxing. but i just noticed something,1
priyam gupta : was pretty good until i accidentally updated the app and ads started showing. i don't want to pay to remove ads when i was adless before for free,0
bela zaborszky : i really enjoy the game,1
rawan : this game defines calm,1
infant antony shelton : best addictive game ever played. best ever game with just minimal graphics. hats off to background music and the concept. the climate and day changes really pleasing my heart.,1
jacob zufall : i'm pretty sure the developers have never actually gone skiing. because every time you aren't touching the ground,1
diego vargas : a beautiful game. i take issue with the difficulty of avoiding obstacles at high speed,1
elias mohamad : amazing game,1
aileen ortega : i seriously like the game but i really,1
dplusm moss : i'm really annoyed. the game itself is great,1
alfred : it is a really fun game. i found something out though if you are about to close this app out then return to it,1
a google user : im just too addicted with this game! it's really intriguing and if you fall off a cliff or hit a rock,1
a google user : it is beautiful and addictive. i like simplistic controls in games and i like the endless runner part of it. it's fun and i hope i get to play alto's odyssey soon.,1
beth hubble : not my cup of tea: downhill skiing,1
eddie flowers : this game is certainly one of my favorites. i find myself always able to go back to this. however,1
matthew zehner : wish i felt the same as all these 5 star reviews. basically,1
ye qian yeo : this game has to be one of the best games i have played in a long time. besides 2d games like geometry dash,1
lasha nikolaishvili : the game is great but,1
alexander marathianakis : i love the game. the only thing that pisses me off is that sometimes my character won't jump even though i tapped and that will keep going for a couple of restarts. it's not a screen problem i checked it,0
mug's trashcan : this is truly a beautiful game,1
a google user : a flat-design rip-off of ski safari with the added inconvenience of forcing you to restart the level when you crash,0
wouter sas : cool game. but recently quits automatically. quite frustrating when you're close to reaching a goal. please fix.,1
pradeep prabhu : had this setting existed in real life. i would sell my house,1
matt king : so disappointed. this game used to be amazing. it was so calming and tranquil. such a good relaxer. now ads pop up and interrupt the beautiful atmosphere of the game.,1
4 : this game teach me that there will be obstalces in your life but no matter what you have to rise again and again 'though this is the best game ',1
selva prakash : simply amazing... nothing to say nd graphics is good and music is also niz nd my fav game ever,1
josh brookens : great game. i love it. but i found a bug and it's a big deal. if you exit the app without closing the game after you die and switch back to it,1
kevin godi : it's a very relaxing game,1
ajay singh rana : it's superb the only problem i faced once was incontrols that too a single time rest it is best one i had ever seen. such realistic scenerioic graphics,0
devin neal : i love this game! the art style is so unique and keeps me addicted to seeing more of this world. however,1
steven schroeder : the game is well put together and really fun. however,1
rich court : simple but beautiful style,1
mars bateman : there are no words to explain how much i love this game. i have been playing it for almost a year,1
digvijay kumar anupam : lost my game progress....! i changed my device and lost all my game progress in the cloud. i have to start from level 1. please check into it. i can see my highest score but cannot recover my data.,0
gourav kumar : it's a really good game,1
ellen wilkinson : i like it but when you pick stuff up like the lamma horn it doesn't work,0
a google user : this would be an easy 5 game if it wasn't so glitchy on my note 8. game play was smooth on the note 5,1
daryll is here : it's very hard to see at night,1
hanniel nefiel : this is the most beautiful game i've ever played,1
kevin stanlake : this is probably my favourite mobile game out there. it's not a challenging game,1
teran kannangara : one of the best games i have ever played. great graphics . beautiful scenery ,1
dk hassan : this game helped me in dark times sorta,1
alex bartnik : super fun game. can be relaxing in zen mode or going hard for the goals,1
matthew felice : the game is great! graphics are smooth and pleasing to the eye. gameplay is intuitive. it is an easy app to pick up and play to kill some time.,1
s.e. sander : this is pure genius. whoever created this game please make more similar to it in the future. the weather and day/night visuals are so peaceful and seren. thanks for this.,1
asa nafty : i think this game is super pretty and very fun to play. its very addictive and i can't stop playing it.,1
potatovortex : amazing. an absolutely beautiful game. the weather changing looks nice and really adds to the atmosphere. such a simple game but each level is different. would definitely recommend it.,1
lizzie d'souza : its a fun game but.. its not for someone like me.. i play alot of mobile games and im used to holding down..and you only hold down when theres and obstacle or a slope..and also the rocks are camoflaging and i can only really see it when i take a good look. but i dont have time for that or i will so maybe its just because im playing in the evening and its dark at night and bright at day. but i will have to see tommorow! (if your a normal person seeing the reviews. pretend that you dont see this review.),0
renee zirk : loved it,1
james scott : great game overall. i gave only three stars for gameplay because the app now quits while i'm playing.,1
mo rafizadeh : its good graphic and gameplay but its to short now im in level 51 and no more character to unlock. but thanks for few character,1
clint thompson : game keeps crashing!!! otherwise,1
a google user : i really like this game because it's fun and i didn't hear about it before and then my friend told me about it and now it's my favorite game.,1
isak mani : there is a big bug,1
leannan sylvana : lame. there are way better versions of this kind of game out there. also... the top of the review list are obviously propaganda ratings,1
mi ke : on the note 8. its a good game. keeps crashing in the middle of the game so 2 stars. will update to 5 after they patch this issue.,0
jonathan : also,1
joren k. : beautiful game but extremely boring,1
alexandre kernbaum : you guys should think that kids are using it ,1
emily isn't a pedophile : if i could rate 7 stars or more,1
a google user : i love the look/design of this game and the gameplay itself,1
suhail khan : awesome game. love it. i do hope the devs can add more control to the jumps and backflip such as flipping in the other direction to prevent a failed backflip,1
bec khan : great game!!! my only problem with it was that the starting music is the same each time - i often died,0
a b : doesn't register taps on my tablet. it looks great and the soundtrack is awesome,1
chris kessell : good game,1
a google user : i love this game is the best mobile game ever ,1
joy dutta : it lags and suddenly crashes when i get wingsuit. please fix this bug,0
ohhello : this is honestly one of the best mobile games out there in my opinion. worth the 5 stars! the goals are hard but not impossible and the characters are unique and interesting to play around with. the music and sound is great and the game looks flawless. i just unlocked the last character and the game still feels fresh and new. i definitely recommend.,0
eyal margalit : the game contain ads for russian brides and assortment of other very not kids friendly. whatever service they are using,0
bowlerballer : this is the best game i've ever played on mobile,1
rick hustwick : stop crashing... this game is so full of bugs it's just beyond annoying. every time you get into a decent run,1
a google user : this game is wonderful. i like it. but after you learn how to play,0
smokey mccrackin : one of the best mobile games i have played it has a simple concept but is fun. edit: took a star off as it has started crashing during runs lately after playing perfectly for a month.,1
madison canezaro : great graphics,1
richard lowcock : fantastic game,1
vikrant d : just a minor bug,1
soumyabrata das : it's amazing,1
robert cosper : altos adventure is a great game,1
i love playing this game but for me there's one problem,1
many upgrades and it gets a little dull after a while but still a great,1
game.,1
bijay pokharel : its a good game but when u learn to earn coins for free... it becomes boring,1
wellheytherepal : everything about alto's adventure is beautiful! it's super calming to play and the music and art style is awesome. i'd totally recommend it to anyone.,1
shayne dudley : visually impressive. gameplay not so much. some chasms are impossible to jump,1
peter kim : this game is great and all,1
darrell twisselman : one of the best games i have ever seen. with two types of gameplay,1
liam delaney : when i tap i don't jump which,1
a google user : has really great potential,1
rubayet adbir : i love this game.it has awesome graphics,1
sandeep ranjan : quite simply one of the best games i've played in some time. i don't play much game but this one is just addictive. brilliant!!,1
vivekk upadhyay : simple and beautiful visuals. with nice background music,1
a google user : i love this game its so chilled but my favorite part of the game is the zen mode and i can't wait for alto's odyssey,1
a google user : i love this game not only for the gameplay but also the music. i am not a fan of bumpy plane ride,0
jesus christ : i love the game but i think it is a bit to dark and my brightness is all the way up. could you please make an update which makes it brighter and if you do i will download it again.,0
kenneth chiu : it's really simple... sometimes though i think the characters are too imbalanced in other skills they are not specialized at.,1
tamanna gogia : this game is so engaging and so simple. anyone who's looking for something addictive but without the hassle of complicated controls should definitely install the chase engager!,1
robin hallie : i like it,1
pratyesh somani : dear alto team,1
ben eastwood : until the last update it was a brilliant game. since the update it has annoying glitchy moments where momentum becomes stuttery. most annoying though the game has cut out several times and all progress for that game's lost. please sort it out soon noodlecake!,0
frank frankii : the game is great. i think there is a bug. i just bought the wingsuit and the scarf is loaded full the game lags,1
astandardskrub : an fun and relaxing game that is just beautiful and jaw dropping. this game proves to many people that games are art and should be respected in the world.,1
tooman bangsakao : well i myself found a solution to stop the crash issue by uncheck the "haptic feedback" option on settings. however it still crashes,0
shanmukh palanki : i love it its great. newly added zen mode is great. but it's better with same music as the normal game. if you would add same music as that of normal game to zen mode it would be great. the game is like a magical world. waiting for the odyssey.,0
lesson learner : cool,1
nom deplume : thank you for zen mode. i'm not very good at this kind of thing so i welcome the opportunity to to practice without "dying" and maybe i will get good enough to play regular mode. pretty graphics.,1
nienke-02 : i really like that alto's scarf looks very much like a gryffindor scarf and the flags are in the colours of all the hogwarts houses (red,1
yaswanth ram : this game could easily be called a peacemaker..the zen mode is the reason..to just go endlessly without any sense of urgency is truly peaceful..,0
angelin kurian : guys there's a glitch i noticed like say for instance if you're out all you have to do click the watch ad tab repeatedly and the game continues without even having to see the ad,0
louis huppe : love the game,1
j : great time passer. too peaceful to even get mad at if you fall.,1
s chay : loved it more new graphics and new theme song,1
chris ward-morris : great game,1
dustin brown : gorgeous visuals. an all round cathartic experience,1
silver goofy : this is everything i want from a mobile game. it's simple to play; its,1
visuals are clean and beautiful and the music gives you a sense of,1
escapism. it's mindless fun,1
md mehran rahman : this game is amazing it works so well with my low end budget devices and the graphics and fps can keep up.,1
sophia : beautiful graphics,1
victor aguiar : controls are great,1
madi russell : i was a addicted to it,1
divyanshu ranjan : i really love this game at starting i think it's boring but this game have many modes which can u play specially zen mode,1
a google user : the game is a delightful experience graphics are beautiful,1
sasha shackelford : once changing charachters it gets confusing overall only one big glitch with the campfire,1
ty follis : careful on mobile data! the ads really suck up data if you're not careful.,1
jordan young : fun game. good time killer. sound track is amazing and the controls are simple. can't ask for anything better.,1
a google user : just to say,1
aaron vasica-rohrlach : i bought the premium thing to stop the adds & now i can no longer continue a run by either paying or watching a video which just sucks. fix this & i5 will be 5 stars.,0
kokums : there are bugs with the hover feather does not let alto hover. he just turns blue instead. items will not be picked up while boosting or at quickened pace.,0
bianca ochsner : it reminds me of the movie mulan. alto goes kind da slow please fix that,1
brian ertley : now that there are forced ads i can't say i.have the same feelings i used to. they really take away from the experience.,0
koustubhi : it's just amazing,1
mihai s : has a glitch when tried to revive by spending coins. not just once and over the same cliff. just froze and all my progress was gone. otherwise it is a very nice game,0
keith panick : i love this game. i come back to it time and time again. however i am giving it 3 stars because i purchased this game a couple of years ago and now i am getting ads!?,1
a google user : game is absolutely unplayable now after most recent update. stutters,0
roland jones : the game is simple,1
dakota crozier : this game is worthy of all the 5 star reviews. some moments gave me chills like the thunder sound effects. i would recommend it to anyone.,1
a google user : ultimately,1
rohan koshy : one of the best free mobile games out there. the simple user-friendly interface offers so much and guarantees an immersive in-game experience that will have you playing for hours at a stretch. everything is perfect: from the music to the graphics to the controls to the photo mode. all-in-all,0
a google user : it's just amazing the gameplay is simple but addictive the controls are easy to master and the graphics look amazing what's better is they don't encourage you to buy things it's all for fun 5/5 must get,1
bolt - : simple gameplay,1
tommy dong : alto is a calming and fun game that is relaxing you even though you should be excited to stare at such a visual masterpiece. i love how the time of day changes and the zen mode. they really make this a stress reliever.,1
dj zephyr : once one of the best games on mobile. now wastes cell data to pop up ads as you try to click thru menus.,1
thomas miller : changing to 5 stars,1
david rennie : very easy game and definitely worth trying. there's no joining a group or clan or going to battle every 5 minutes. it's simple and fun and very highly recommend giving it a try.,1
d0m1n4t1ng : game interface and challenges are amazing. but it's too much headache.. my bad that i am not able to play this game. :(,0
ratnajit kalita : this is one of my favorite game.. no more space needed but the the is just fabulous.. easy control natural graphics. awesome music. just mind blowing,0
greg hornby : terrain generation is too random and not fair. it's impossible to tell if you're to make a flip when suddenly the terrain can curve upwards without warning,0
a google user : very atmospheric. day night cycle adds variety. different physical properties of characters. challenges that push you gently to improve play.,1
mongve bey : i never write reviews but this game is so peaceful and soothing that i could not help but write a review. i cannot express it in words you just need to download to understand how good the game is,1
dallas : the ad for (angry birds) in which a bird throws a minion into a wood-chipper must be removed. this is very inappropriate for younger or discerning audiences. i will be deleting the app.,1
theodore fong : most recent update has caused random crashes. i've lost challenge progress several times and now find it unplayable.,0
rico solomon : gorgeous to the eyes,1
a google user : would be better if the pause button was in bottom right because i tap on the left side of the screen (to keep the right side unobstructed by my finger) and often i tap pause accidentally.,0
xj-pa : add more thing to buy with the coins please. more power-ups and more round the map,1
varun malani : bug report: after sliding on the ice,1
jay rangi : one of the best game(if not the best) i have ever played. more than a game it's an experience.hats off to the developers for doing an amazing job.this game literally blew me away.,1
yahboi higgy : great time killer. buying it ($5) removes a "continue run" feature,1
jeremy heiner : in sports,1
nathaniel davies : have never felt the need to review a game before on this store,1
apurva singh choudhary_78 : this game is just awesome. my favorite game of all time. the best thing about this game is it's background music it just touches my heart.,1
osama ahmad : i have played a number of games but this one "alto's adventure" has something special. it always attract me whenever i feel bore.,1
joe romano : with top notch graphics and smooth controls this game is worth getting. all the characters are unique and have different abilities that help you in different ways (my favorite characters are maya and phillipe) you won't get tired of this game it's challenging yet simple. in short this is one of the most amazing mobile phone games i have ever experienced,1
mrpubby : i love all about this,1
chris nangle : bordered on art,1
seyed hosseini : amazing art style,1
karolina de jesus : this game is highly addictive and fun to play. it has great graphics and a wonderful story behind it. would definitely recommend,1
travis ormsby : really want to like this game,1
aurorax7 : there's no flaws its a perfect game i mean i guess you can change up the story and also make more obstacles but duuuude this is literally the most beautiful game i have ever seen laid my hands on and played and its addicting felt like i had tears rolling down my eyes and the music is amazing its great done :d,1
subhankar biswas : wonderful game...you get relaxed after majestic music within the game gives... thanks developer for putting such a masterpiece in the play store,1
juliana rodriguez : wish i could have a player perspective too. what i mean by that is that it would be cool to also see through alto's eyes ,0
f1superdelta83 : hated it when ever i tried to jump it doesn't jump so i keeped on dying on the first rock do not download,0
randy craig : it not what you think,1
yash dindoyal : its a really good game and ive been really enjoying it but if we had an online feature with leaderboard and compete with other players..that would have been better,1
mt hacks : earned it,1
james hall : nice game but too repetitive. iv enjoyed it thoroughly but bored now so time to delete and find something else. well done development team lovely game.,1
a google user : used to be a great game,1
t p f : great game but after i upgraded my phone i lost my purchases. i sent an email to the developer and never even got a response.,1
jonathan w : amazing visuals and sounds,1
ben wareham : this is an amazing game,1
alondra soto : beat the entire game (250,1
a google user : i played this before and i so adore it i love to beat my score on this fantastic game. i also can't wait to play this again for the last time played it my phone screen broke and i could not play it.,0
lemmy silverlance : one of the best free games i've played so far. the graphics are simple,1
folarin obikoya : from:my son the game is very soothing and relaxing and i like that you can change your character if you're level 11also one suggestion please make some challenges to the game besides the level challenges.thank you for making the game! =d =3,1
the_laptop gamer : one of the best games i have ever played on my android device. thanks a lot devs for such a good game.,1
lkn surfco : great game,1
aron simpson : i like this game,1
kareem taha : a stunning departure from loud and brazen games where you're meant to fight to the death. gorgeous graphics and a wonderful sound track all add to the appeal. definitely a keeper.,1
claire roberts : would be a 5 star but it sometimes freezes after a crash. otherwise i love everything else about the game graphics music gameplay everything!,1
a google user : simple,1
mike smith ii : game requirements are way too high to run on my mid range tablet,1
prince abel : chill and relaxing game,1
this game is bomb!! currently patiently waiting for odyssey,1
ramit chattopadhyay : very nice game,1
sean oh : i would love it if you could toggle rocks/fires and chasms in zen mode,1
king star gaming : great graphics,1
rahul walke : i m not see such line of beautifull game ever in google play...lovely view nd peacefully sound,1
jaeger rokey : amazing,1
hingle mccringleberry : overall basic game nothing special,1
justas farr : this game doesn't feel 'manufactured'. it is calming,1
ariel guerrero : when ever i purchased the wingsuit it does not appear on my screen,0
a google user : don't pay to upgrade! it's a great free game but premium removes the ability to revive for free and you get nothing in return except removing the occasional ad. waste of money.,1
vaibhav kathale : best game of android i had ever played. . it gives you relaxation and peaceful experience. the music will make you so divine.,1
d p : 4 because it's still missing something like a new sean or a levol are characters/boards,1
e bitty : i've played this game endlessly without boredom. i have unlocked all the characters and made incredible trick combos up to 20k. (maya is op) on top of that,1
daniel tennant : good game,1
a google user : a beautiful and detailed game,1
zer0 : overall it's a great game but there are times when i'm playing and tapping the screen doesn't make the avatar jump,0
romen p : this my one of the favourite games ! thank you noodlecake studios inc for creating this game! i am enjoying this game so much that i can't tell you the back ground dound the zen mode i'm enjoying it hope you will create much like of this game i'm waiting.,1
chris waldron : i don't get it,1
dan c : i have marked my 5 stars down to 3 because this has become a freemium game. the adverts are quite invasive and hard to shut down,0
mahmoud elmashad : this game is totally got everything right.. the music is so fascinating it gets me in the mood.. control is simple yet game is challenging.. i love it keep up the good work,1
ethan sutton : finally a zen mode that is actually zen,1
ellie louise-smith : the best free game out there. this game is so simple and the background music is amazingly relaxing. its a great time killer especially if your nervous or stressed. highly recommend it :),1
cody woods : loved the zen mode,1
charlie : the game is extremely fun to play the graphics are stunning ,1
lily : this is the best thing ever. the developers are clearly more focused on enjoyment than making a profit. it is my favorite!,1
kosforconcern : beautiful atmosphere and background,1
stella le : 5 points for playstyle and atmosphere,1
bravo echo : i have been playing alto for awhile and loved it. but recently,1
michael dias : love this game. like the way you find out the rules add you go. think i found a bug. when you complete a goal it does not count unless you land your current combo. i understand you should not score the combo but the goal is complete,0
annie jones : too best game with marvellous sound track too original rainfall & thunder. but in the update the stars are not looking good.,0
allan alonso : i paid for the premium version and now i don't have the ability to continue after hitting a rock or something. it's literally better to not pay so you can have revives,0
tim hushchyn : the game is really great,1
scaryislive : best game but one thing is sometimes he didn't jump.,0
jatin karnik : do a high score the game closes automatically play for 2 days the game shuts down automatically... whatevers wrong with it makes me soooooo damn angry!!!!,1
kingxx kd : well let me tell u that sound or runtime in the back round is sad but happy like it's telling a story,0
darrel corera : wonderful game to pass away the time,1
havard dalgrav : great game with beautiful graphics. unfortunately a lot of updates introducing ads,1
craig sinclair : become one of my top three games on my s8 fluid and the music helps relaxes me. update for new backgrounds please.,1
dick christiaens : i think it's great and i place it at the store and i just got my new tablets today and got it right away,1
damien g : funny game but you can't get rid of the (annoying) night mode,1
david lovejoy : beautiful graphics and simple,1
gabriel daughton : a great game,1
james bun : i love this game! its amazing nothing else to say its really fun,1
chris vittorio : absolutely phenomenal! graphics,1
jeff : i truly love how simple this game is,1
dylan knoll : beautiful game. not full of stupid pop-ups and micro transaction offers,1
munna rahman : nice time killer game .but it would be better if there were more things to do in the game .,1
jason harry : i loved the graphics in the background,1
promise james : the only problem that i have is that the hover feather does not work most of the time.,0
adam : getting really sick and tired of the freezing glitch when you do enough tricks to earn the glider. it freezes for half a second and causes me to crash almost every time. please fix this!,1
kokelan nesarajah : very good game,1
yunus emre muhaddisoglu : i am not in to gaming but this one is really relaxing and fun. i love the zen mode.,1
a google user : amazing game,1
1_isare,1
s k : this is one of the best game i'd ever came across. i am facing little problem,1
adam rumsey : this game has so much charm. i do highly recommend it. it's graphics are so gorgeous it's hard to believe this is a mobile game.,1
brayden wagner : this game is amazing. the game's graphics are stunning and probably one of the best mobile games out there.,1
james kenny : possibly the most beautiful mobile game i have ever played,1
xen : great game. mainly the weather change effects are awesome. but it so like ski safari. i don't know which one come first but they are so alike.,1
xin yue : amazing game,1
ankit kashyap : i am totally in love with this game,1
georgina melia : amazing graphics,1
constantine gosteev : can't imagine more relaxing game after hard working day.,1
d. p. : one of the best games on the google play store! it has tight controls,1
ruth : this game is a great time killer and whenever i am bored alto's the cure this game is epic.,1
g : is there any way you could lower the price? it's a great game and i want to purchase it but i don't want to pay 5. 2 would be fine. update: there is a bug where the software buttons still show after an advert.,0
hydra _47 : the only problem is that sometimes when you tap they don't jump,0
anshul kumar : nice one but how do i get the refund for upgrade purchase which i did by mistake.,1
damo miles : good gameplay,1
g q : there's an issue where if you pause and exit the screen for whatever reason,0
a google user : this game is just a rip off of ski safari. the only difference is that ski safari is a lot more fun to play!,1
kyrius liaison : this is what a runner should be: unique idea,1
a google user : it was crappy,1
nix timoshenko : game is awesome,1
minus logic : okay the game is amazing,1
luqman nur bari : just reached level 60 after all this time. lol. 10/10 would clear data and start over again. addictive.,0
a google user : i didn't expect it to be this good. the eargasmic bgm owes a lot of credit.,0
a google user : not so many words with me to say but the game is great if i would inspect this game i would have been given it a noble prize. just hats off to you guys,0
a google user : very nice - the goals and characters add an element of progress which sets it apart from other endless runners,1
thesubatomicplatypus : awesome game. its a shame it has ads,1
todd leach : what's with the lag in the game? i've lost so many times because of it. and what's with the character not flipping when he/she jumps. my phone is brand new so i know it's not my phone. i realize the developers will never respond because they don't care as long as they are making profits.,0
f.p.s british : i love this game and i have from the first day that i bought this game it is the best game for car rides or just if you're really bored.,1
kate taylor : thank you to be honest just thank you i am a child at school and i get bullied,1
amanda miranda : super nice game quite easy and tough at the same time to pass levels....really needs alot of focus...awesome graphics,1
ian simonovski : the game is soo beautifull made sad becaus its so beautifull. :),1
lawrence maboreke : there is a delay between pressing down on the screen and alto jumping and this really ruins the gameplay.,1
arvind kamath : going good till sometime ,1
robby donaldson : please add alto's odyessey to andriod. i am an avid alto fan but i have a samsung phone and cannot play the newly released game! i want the new game badly. please and thank you.,0
stef b : i really like the day-night cycle but the rocks are hard to spot at night,1
a google user : fun game,1
a google user : this game is very active for me it this controls it's awesome but bye mistake i dislike it,1
sic rob : good time waster ,1
beavis5706 : i don't get it. the free version allows me to continue my run by watching videos. i pay to remove the ads and now i can't continue my run at all! it was better free,1
em joh : i used to love this game but now it crashes and closes after 30 seconds of play... :/ i'd pay for the upgrade but i don't think that would fix it.,0
rahul mishra : most beautiful and relaxing game i've ever played. the music is so relaxing and beautiful. the piano makes me feel blessed.,1
piotr wilus : brilliant game ! not too many adverts even if some they are easy to skip.,0
andres t : the game is great but i feel like they should have an option where you can choose the time of day because sometimes it's really hard to see when the background is dark or night time in the game.,1
shubham gupta : probably the most beautiful game i have ever played in my life. one of my favourite games of all..,1
justin fletcher : such a flippin epic game! great and relaxing to get lost in - it's borderline therapeutic. the music is fantastic. look forward to each time i get to play in this wonderful world of aldo!,1
denscyver braddy : great backgrounds and easy controls but the character is too small.when there's an obstacle i can barely evade it.,0
jake smith : game force closes most of the time i activate wing suit which is very frustrating.,1
stuart carr : i have had this game and i looved it i am coming back to what they have change if you do another update i will get it 5 stars. i am back but it wont play this time please fix i want to play this game again it is sooo fun!,1
brian s. : loved this game wish it was still add free for free. but its just a simple relaxing game you can really enjoy.,1
faizal azly : the background sound very nice,1
humera : i love it. the graphics,1
gian gabriel ybesate : the graphics and gameplay is amazing! i wish you would add northern lights (aurora borealis) rarely during night times to make the game more beautiful.,1
dazura 92 : brilliantly simplistic. on my 3rd playthrough and i'm still not board,1
learner 2016 : this is one the best game i have played ever. keep creating such games and entertain the people.,1
a google user : it is terrible because it keeps on glitching when i am playing. it is actually alright after all,0
ofure omere-kessi : i think this is the best game i've ever played: it's beautiful,1
ta-seen islam : such a simple game with amazing graphics. i'm always mesmerised as i play this game! and i especially love the zen mode that's included in the game - it's so peaceful! i recommended the zen mode when you're on a long trip! i'm just so addicted to the game itself that i find myself hours on this!,1
david branda : i really like the game,1
shane & andrea smith : it was pretty annoying because it went totally dark at times,1
emily jane : this game is soooo relaxing. the music is very soothing. these types of endless run games are so fun.,1
meepmeep : love the game! it's challenging and relaxing at the same time. also i really love the zen mode,1
willliam caibaiosai : the game is pretty fun. however i noticed when i locked my phone as the game over screen was up,0
orion : i love the design. beatiful colors and high quality everything. thank you for lettibg it be free. :d,1
osamah anjum : the game is fun to play however,1
mikhwan 256 : this is the first game in my life which has flat and clean user interface. the blurry effects is also awesome!!!,1
viduravi athulathmudali : love this masterpiece. but the watch video option after crashing never works.,1
rayann jaffe : i remember playing this for hours with my brother when i was younger i love this game its so much fun,1
a google user : great game! real hard for "oldies" who lack reflexes would be much better without ads and repeated shopping...,1
jinx : the soundtrack,1
jes gam : i love this game. absolutely beautiful thank u. the change of scenery is amazing. n i love the zen mode relaxes me.,1
leyi you : love this game,1
luke dell : the music ruins the entire game,1
vul : honestly this is one of the few games i kept on my switch from ios to android and i don't regret getting it again,1
mohame tharik : nice when i got tension suddenly i play this after i get satisfaction lovely game and amazing experience,1
gourav bhakat : great game but has started to crash on my phone after recent update.,0
toilet paper : stunning graphics,1
madeline kerry : i love this game. but sometimes it just cuts off...at very inopportune moments.,1
a google user : the greatest game ever since clash royale! feels like i am in the game!,1
ghazanfar ajaz : loving it but at 50th level it's crashing very often. please fix,0
arriane dominique reyes : i love alto's adventure! i really like the graphics and realistic sound effects! playing this relaxes me.,1
i gede krisna dewantara : a good timekiller game,1
l s : just an ask around wholesome game. easy to master after awhile,1
dustin wood : cool game,1
stephadipz : its so boss but just on e problem the player is so small but its still good,1
jeff lush : the game is awesome! i love playing it. that's why i got rid of ads.. but the game kinda punishes you for not having ads.. you now have to buy saves... that you can only use once.. and have to buy again.. and they aren't necessarily cheap.. wish that would change..,0
jaimer silvestre : its good but there is some bugs when getting a power ups,1
kamal kanta : this game is fantastic. i have rated five stars only to this game. i also recommend the developers to launch this game on pc playform.,1
sergio lopez de bustos : really cool game,1
shabbir mufaddal : never played a game this beautiful on my phone... truly astonishing!,1
govind mahajan : it firstly runs butterly smooth on my phone but after 4-5 minutes of gameplay it crashes suddenly...please fic this annoying issue! i'll rate 5.,0
sharon ciocon : i love the graphics and the simplicity of the game. the goals also make me occupied for hours on end. really addictive. good job.,1
josh rust : a very fun and relaxing game,1
edgar : i love this game,1
henry dorsett : great game but wants access to my cpntacts which is weird and intrusive.,0
mathieu lemay : this is a rip off of ski safari. and with much less features.,1
amarendra kumar : the theme and graphics make it really a game which provides peace of mind. loved it,1
mahmud saikat : amazing.the most frequently played games of me.and love the zen mode,1
murad naghway dudu : epic game. reminds me of old times like arcade games were the gameplay was phenomenal. thanks. cheers,1
paul shadow : truly beautiful game,1
jake whitaker : really love the game! it's really addicting,1
kyle gray : this game is incredible! not only is it entertaining but it clams you down when you need it the most. great work guys!,0
r1nn0n : i love this game,1
dakota tucker : lacks the ability to change the position of the wingsuit button,1
x nat : this helped me so much with my anxiety im so thankful <3,1
firdaus nazree : thank you for making this game. it's very calm and therapeutic especially with the zen mode. i love it so much.,1
mrchrisdje : great graphics but gameplay not that good,1
lahiru randheesh : superb,1
chad gross : my wife paid to remove ads,1
vicklj 12 : this game is awsome because i play it all the time and i never get bored.,1
john rosen : game keeps crashing in the middle of playing and doesn't save progress when it does.,0
iab oyang : it's alright. many times the character will not respond to action. had to close and restart game a few times. uninstalled.,0
jeremy villatoro : this is an amazing game. it's the best offline game i have every played. it is challenging and fun with amazing graphics.,1
ahmad yazdankhah : thank you guys,1
sparna : it truly amazes me that the makers of the coke-fueled wonderland that is punch quest could also create such an elegant game. relaxing,1
a google user : it is among those games which will be remembered by all game lover,1
rezz : one word,1
alexander : that mode where there no score or game is just so relaxing,1
archiem117 : this game was ok,1
prem kumar : no words just amazingggggggg ever awsome graphics place are sooooo beautiful,1
johnro decal : it is the best time killer game for me but it doesn't have cloud save which is pretty dissapointing considering that i have unlocked some characters,0
aditya rao : this game has some amazing background music. gameplay is just simple yet so beautiful.,1
kasto sumi : i love everything about this game! graphic/music/gameplay everything is perfect. i just wish there was an option to connect to our facebook so we can compete with our friends. thanks for creating such a beautiful game!,1
parush dogra : what is wrong with maya. she doesn't do backflips and falls into the cliff,1
mikyle moodley : this has been a game i've not played in a while. it's so beautiful,1
biarreto : this game is amazing,1
gameplay it's really relaxing. and the sequence,1
better. noodlecake studios know how to make amazing games.,1
roshan mathew : major bug in the game ,1
midhun joseph : it's an awesome game please create more game like this and please add some more places not only in snow,1
bafo hutiva : great game. but a little boring after a while.,1
dennis ohuru : the best game to ever be invented in the mobile world. nothing comes close,1
a google user : fun and i like that it rotates to morning night and snows or rains.i like the llamas.,1
a google user : this game is greatest i love it and it music too. i recommended everyone play this game. i'm just love on it. the music gonna touchs everyone's heart.,1
a google user : absolutely brilliant,1
k. m shivakumar : this game is so addictive and good graphics,1
gamerkito : amazing game,1
joseph febin : superb game endless running and the music is just awesome feels like i have fell in love with someone,1
pivoit john : great simple game that entertains for hours in relaxing and yet engaging,1
gameplay. the art and soundtrack are both beautiful as well,1
bharath kumar : very verry worst game i had seen ever the game controls is not good,0
princess papy : amazing game! however,1
reema ayas : everthing in this game is superb but u need to make the obstacle morr visible u know . when the game gets dark its really to see the rock except for the coin because the coins glow the obstcle blend with the darkness ...,0
christopher ferretti : can sometimes be a little glitchy,1
vladimir placinta : used to be my favourite game in the store... no it's impossible to get past 15k meters without it crashing.,1
jamil ahmed : i once saw a llama jump over a chasm and not make it. probably one of the most upsetting parts of my entire life. on another note,1
sam duffy : i love the game,1
franciszek molga : used to love it,1
a google user : its vary addicting i can't stop playing can't wait for alto odessy,1
jakki fitzgerald : i paid for this app and it still has ads in it? why? what did i l pay for? this is a very simple,1
chinmay garg : great game. but these days it just keeps crashing.,1
david keel : the person we are meant to be controlling is too far away for it to be enjoyable for me.,1
priyanshu kumar : all around its a game for kids. please don't download it its a worst game. ever i had played,1
emal safi : good game but i was paly and unlock alot level i was save all but i got new phone install again when i open game its from first step and i have gmail and save all my games help me . one years ago i was play,0
emma-louise day : outside of monument valley this is the most beautiful game i have ever played. zen mode is gorgeous.,1
atanas angjushev : beautiful. the graphics are artistic,1
the wierd tv recorder : no more night if its going to be night at least let there be more light than there is,1
chetan chhajer : a very nice and beautiful game after this i am waiting for the new version and new alto's odyssey,1
francisco justiniano : i don't like that i couldn't flip forward very dull and unimpressive,1
arcane cypher : do not buy the premium! its a downgrade. you'll have to pay for continues with real money or lots of hours of gameplay just to get one continue. they sabotaged their own game!!,1
boi : i like it,1
a google user : it was a 5 star until the update. now it's full of ads. i understand the need for ads but does the game really need to start with an ad? i'll watch to support the developers but have some class.,0
redhood11 : graphics are ok and the controls are ok too its just its too boring,0
bharat sahu : don't know how this game got awards as there are still some very annoying bugs ! first - sometimes we pass through a coin magnet and it do not activates ! second - sometimes the only control option in the game that is tap ( jump ) doesn't works ! third - the most important the feather perk should be removed it's of no use i wonder why it has been introduced its so annoying its gets over usually before a obstacle and as a result the game end !,0
a google user : like the game but don't like the scarf good game though really calm,1
sanjay mohan dubey : beauty is so wow coupled with bad controls that you crash everytime devouring in scenes!,0
nitin sagar : crashes a lot which makes me to redo the progress to complete a mission.,0
omar alvarez : it's addictive i've spent hours on it. wingsuit is real fun once unlocked,1
a google user : ads! permissions are not all listed here. this app can access your accounts. pretty lame that its not listed.,0
vicky harwood : such a sweet little game that gets as intense as you want. backflipping through the mountains,1
green politics : on android....amazing....thank you noodke cake studios for enhancing the android gaming experience....loved the design and the idea is great.the gameplay is fun and excites as game progress.this games craves you to find the free time. hope you will create more games.,1
charles anderson : fun gameplay,1
shannon jacob : i think this is a beautiful game,1
vikramsingh nimbalkar : amazing game. most chilling game i've ever played.,1
omnibot retro gaming : one hidden gem for mobile devices! it's so beautiful and atmospheric! highly recommended.,1
suprastar : beautiful to look at. but too easy to die..not enough continuity.,1
felix pelin jr. : cant get some coins or power ups when im in speed boost. also can u add some dictionary function? cant lvl up most of the time due to some terms but overall im onto this game. love it.,1
sandeep chouhan : just awesome but the night scean is not good but the game is mind blowing,1
a google user : at the beginning game is nice and interesting to play,1
yusea eka prasetya : just when i need a chill & brainless game.. and the backsound,0
dead meme : best mobile game i played in a long time. but if you ask me they sould put this on steam.....,1
jimmy tsui : the game is good,1
kittenlover 1990 : i like this game a lot don't know why i deleted it,1
cj : great game. finally brought it,1
jc davis : amazing backgrounds and music. honestly got addicted to this game,1
rahul s : what a game! immersive,1
abdulrahman khalifa : the game is not just a game it is scenic photo that moves it is amazing in every way yet so simple,1
carson cass : amazing game. very well done. everything about it is 10/10. suggest that there is more music though,1
onesmas n : ads redirecting to app store or browser . no!! great game,1
sanam sam : nice game ... but need some improvements... like change of level ... problem is complete game for just for 3 tasks.. and play again for other tasks ... only that..,0
rikki sharma : there is a little bug in the game. if you are playing the game offline i mean close your mobile data... and you are reviving alto by clicking on watch video.. the pop up comes in the game while playing.. video unavailable pop comes in between when you are.. i think in that case game should he pause as it might happen that are jumping from one mountain to other or if rock comes in between. because we are not able to see anything due to pop up. hope this help :),0
osama iskandarani : so fun and peaceful game,1
a google user : beautiful! i really love it,1
mode. no words to describe it. a really god job!,1
n roberts : simple and beautiful graphics. very fun to play! easy to to get to next level.,1
gabsman 99 : i think that you can't see the controls needs to be fixed,0
sherley : it's a simple game,1
sivaiah naidu : this game has everything that a player's expects while playing the game....,1
local cowboy can't walk for shit : remember when alto's adventure was ad free and the only ads you would get is when you wanted to revive? pepperbridge farms remembers.,0
juventius kriswijanarko : this is a very great game,1
janah smith : absolutely adore this game,1
a google user : the only thing wrong with it is that u can't stop playing it,0
quan steyn : an amazing snowboarding game. ads are irritating though.,1
jared snyder : honestly,1
a google user : im so glad i found a very nice bug where you can get allmost unlimited lives here are the steps to do it 1st have your wifi on 2nd get a bad landing 3rd click the revive alto by watching the video 4th at the exact click turn of the internet and it will show somethint like video cannot be loaded 5th have fun with the bug (sorry i cannot explain properly),0
xaverius vicky : this game is more than just a game. it helps you heal also. relieve your stress.. perfect!!,1
a google user : i found piece i found confort i found love i found determination and i don't know why... its just so beautiful.. the music,0
z1 reddy : the visuals,1
a google user : i think it's really good. once i went to the apple store and played on the iphone and i tapped on this game and i loved it,1
pewdiepie channel : great game! nice work noodlecake! could u also notify me if u release anew relaxing game,1
a google user : so relaxing music... awesome game play,1
marcelinus imanuel : everything is fine untill you realize the game takes up to 130+ mb of storage space. can't u make it smaller? thanks from a guy who still have an old phone with only 8gb of storage,1
victor w : an awsm and simple yet addicting game! luv the zen mode :d,1
fizol ! : i can play it went i has a very stressful day...,1
a google user : please add ability to move pause button somewhere on top of the screen. the game is awesome!,1
vianey medina : this game is sooo addicted u can't stop playing,1
jason iskandar : beautifully mesmerizing! the graphics,1
per norm : don't waste you're time it glitches like a mofo constantly shuts off by itself. beautiful piece of @%#&,0
xero fox : the game is simply beautiful,1
panda26 : as a casual user of games on my android devices i very rarely find a game that i truly click with and want to keep playing. minimalistic art style is so nice on here and the gameplay is solid,1
tom perkins : sneaky ads forcing clicks get a 1 star,1
partha sarathi dey : l cant have enough of this game,1
hrishikesh kore : not optimized for note 8 nougat. lags and crashes at times.,0
sreekanth narayanan : such a minimal game and yet fun and great way to pass time. visuals are beautiful!,1
teamyoutube : one of the best remaining offline games to be played. waiting for odyssey!,1
kyran cadogan : it is beautiful ,1
mohammad jaan : its very calm and relaxing,1
vamshi reddy : its getting boring just after 5 minutes of the play...,0
supertrnx 42 : beware,1
kaage 64 : snow makes me relax with beautiful scenery,1
mark perez : i love this game! the graphics are beautiful and it is so much fun! i literally beat the entire game and it was so enjoyable!,1
dela : this backgrounds and music so nice,1
aditya mhabdi : character should be big enough to concentrate on him.....too small for play game make it big to play well.,1
vanessa padilla : i love the game but for some reason the ability to change characters is gone! idk why but i can't change characters because the option to do so is gone! pls would love an explanation and maybe fix it ?,1
rob banks : very choppy now,1
tdipp4 : game is amazing,1
emanuel goka : relaxing game,1
sidharth rajeevan : great one.. doesn't annoy you.. if you crash its your own fault.. not game's fault.,1
nick kazakov : an beautiful created game,1
rahul warrier : an enchanting music helps to calm the mind and blissfully play this endless,1
game...,1
manu kamath : one of the best games i've played so far. nice and relaxing.,1
emma bawiec : i love the game!! it has beautiful background and fun characters!! honestly my favorite game ever.,1
haissen : is just nice to play a game that works,1
be elite : great game as a whole,1
a google user : timeless. this app is really relaxing. i like that you can take pictures of the game.,1
a google user : the game was great unfortunately i received a game breaking bug where i couldn't jump,1
kachangthaipou gonmei : on my mi note didn't work properly plz improve it,1
esh_21 : it is awesome with the music and has also zen mode which you'll never die that is awesome! just wating for altos oddesy to realese !!!!!,1
trinix : this game is magical! its so nice and you feel so calm playing it..i love this game!,1
winona&joel philbrook : bf fav game! keeps him happy so im happy.,1
imam rafi : i am in love with this game and i am sure anyone can be. keep up the awesome work.,1
shankar ns : its simply awesome and peace of mind. game,1
monkgogi samson : simply one of the best games out there. strangely,1
paus gaming : cant wait for the oddysey. the game is very good never got bored playing this game. i hope there will be more trick and more place like city?,1
john asadorian : love the game but getting impatient for odyssey. come on guys... get it done already. already losing interest.,1
mike mcgillivry : simple,1
luth bhaskara : amazing and stunning graphic.. beautiful music too.. so satisfying.. with beautiful scenery,1
catherine l : the art style is and the graphics are really good. it's easy and so relaxing i love it!,1
simran modi : beautiful and calming. love the zen mode especially!,1
chase simon : highly addicting,1
christian savarino : good game,1
peter guevara : so peaceful yet so challenging! absolutely love this game,1
steve hamner : it's super addictive and amazingly fun. really easy to pick up and learn.,1
a google user : this is a permanent game on my phone. it is all stunning and really fun.,1
nathaniel francisco : this is one of my most favorite phone games in the entire world.,1
airon joshua alonso : stress relieving game. sound quality is superb and the gameplay is great.,1
zhafiidhia auva uldyawan : i really enjoy this game,1
sam becker : the best mobile game i've ever played,1
raghu rokda : the most beautiful game i have ever played. awesome,1
rajarshi majumder : this is the best game i have played. the music in background is very good.,1
hrithik saikia : this game is best for its gameplay,1
a google user : the most beautiful game i have ever played on a phone.,1
wesley vandeurzen : great game the more you progress the more you start to like it bautiful art direction and great controls.i loved it,1
a google user : this music is beautiful!!! its so relaxing? where can i get it? also,1
issam abouzia : i love it too much it's one of my favorite game ever,1
jlr9 animations : great game,1
archamdinnata : i think this game is very nice to play,1
smudger : i see it as a work of art my mother sees it as triangles ._.,1
a google user : every time i open this app and play it for 3 minutes and it just makes my screen black and doesn't play,0
carrie lins : this game has the best music,1
nahuel gutierrez : great game! everything is perfect. just a side note: haptic feedback is not working for me. is there any fix?,0
a google user : awesome. this is one of the best offline games i have ever played. i recommend it to everyone.,1
a google user : really a boring game only slope is their who rated it 4.6 i don't know but i suggest not to waste time.....,1
nhu huynh : lovely game but sometimes it glitches when i start the game and i can't jump,1
coman grigore : wow,1
charchar : i love love this game you guys did a excellent job on this game it is so relaxing thank you,1
wandering nomad : fun game. graphics are 5 star. neat idea based on a well used concept.,1
makaroni & cheese : in the first ten minutes of playing it it everything about it filled my heart with joy,1
abdul-hakeem al-amriki : beautiful art style and fun gameplay. kinda reminds me of line rider in a way.,1
jorge gomes : beautiful game with a fantastic soundtrack and a very relaxing look,1
a google user : great game but haptic feedback doesn't work on my samsung s7 edge,0
noctis l. eclipse sawyer : love it not complaining about the 4.99 price tag i also have it in ios and it's great,1
mike osullivan : can you please adjust the game to fill larger 18:9 aspect ratio phone's like my note 8? it would look gorgeous if it filled the screen.,1
krzysztof wesoowski : removing option to revive alto for premium users - kind of opposite of honest.,1
ewan heneghan : absolutely amazing game,1
stella adhisurya : peaceful,1
nidhi jani : very nice game it us a snowboarding game and we can play it any time,1
dhanil mistry : nice and descent game. i think they should release the odessey mode,1
rochelle van riet : it's good but you should be able to do front flips:],1
navneet singh : love the game! especially sounds. totally relaxing and simplenyet amazing game,1
jesus : its a great game with amazing graphics and nice music make it a pc game,1
hannah gibson : love the music. great time killer to. can't wait till altos odessey,1
delaney marie : great but some of the goals aren't registering when achieved.,1
d : nice looking game but there's barely any gameplay a lot of it is rng.,1
a google user : i love the music.the game gives a homish feel to it.the game is very peaceful..,1
skyler de mendonca : it's awesome,1
murrax 2 : amazing! highly recommend playing zen with headphones,1
hannah liddle : i really liked this app. very calming music and great graphics.,1
colonel grande : this game is a cinematic masterpiece. the gameplay is fun and soothing. the graphics are also really beautiful,1
all in one : i loved about it's soundtrack.. just play it when you're tired... so fun..,1
beruk sims : fun game,1
muhammad saheel : gorgeous! relaxing app,1
gendhis dewanty : its simple and relaxing but very addictive. the music was very beautiful and thi game is very recommended,1
usha nair : the game is superb but it would be cool if you add some more cool stunts or tricks while skiing,1
feno fernando : the best mobile game i've ever played,1
adam shone : it is a good game for what it is. i would highly recommend it for passing time or calming down,1
eric mora : a very smooth and very vibrant game. 5 stars all the way.,1
arsal asher : beautiful melody ,1
jeff : it's so good hope they make altos odessy more fun,1
kozo sudo : hey man you chill bro i can't wait for the adventure map,1
a google user : the app wont run,1
lavishly latasha : addicting this game is so much fun and i just really like the music,1
kalpesh shinde : in simple words i would say "this game is meditation"!,1
sunita sharma : maginificient game,1
umar pervez : amazing graphics and good gameplay,1
sayan mukherjee : excellent game,1
nicolas ostiguy : calming,1
naqibullah behtash : one of the most addictive mobile games i have ever played and i really enjoy playing it.,1
sifat : amazing game! please add graphic quality option.,1
brendon ennis : amazing game mechanics and phenomenal graphics make this app the best i have played.,1
itsaninja : the graphics are amazing in this game,1
narendra hadiana : immersive design,1
chinyere ezekiel : the scenery and music is just so relaxing and beautiful at the same time.,1
amit sarkar : i downloaded it but the app doesn't show in home .,1
corey scott : another ridiculously difficult watch a video machine,1
sai nikhil : this game helps in removing your boredom,1
davis joel : play the game before.when i play it again i be just like woah it beautiful.yea it a great game,1
a google user : this game is amazing and has very little ads and is super easy and fun great time killer and you will really enjoy the game please download it you will love it,1
mike lok : i love this game and i need it on my nintendo switch please make a switch version,1
dharmesh prajapati : i started to play this game a few years ago and i still enjoy it once in awhile,1
katka : my all time favourite game. great job!,1
soumyakanti mondal : the best meditation game ever i have played before,1
mitchell mann-sommers : it is such a thrilling yet calm game and the crontrols are outstanding,1
a google user : best game ever could good if free on appstore,1
lauryn boyle : altos adventure has to be one of the best games on the app store,1
a google user : it is a cool game and i always see it on phones in target,1
farrukh mahmood : one of my favorite game on play store,1
yash agrawal : good but there can be some more features and characters,1
vamsi krishna c v : welcome escape from complicated mobile games.,1
justin taylor : great game. it's so smooth and has a great sound track. everything sounds great.,1
jeet mehta : a great solid game after a long time,1
ubaldo martinez : make a shop to buy new borads and more better grafics,1
kailash singha : please give more updates love the graphics and want some more scenes and location,1
nibir nath : i am fine with it but if you want me to send you a copy,1
flaming wing128 : i think you sould be able to buy clothes for alto and his friends,1
zxggy : this is a awesome game and when i showed my brother and sister they want it to,1
a google user : great game has some good graphics music and is jus all around great,1
blanca rosete : its awsome its cute and addicting it will make the time fly great game,1
gary : it is really good but the back flip controls should be fast and fixed properly,0
manoj kumar madugula : very good game relly coool simple and sweet loved it everyone should try,1
xdmp saville : lovely stands up to time and ages like fine wine,1
mathieu auclair : the music is perfect,1
mohammed zeeshan : i'm addicted to this game... its fun it has amazing levels to play in,1
kartik jaiswal : simply the game i ever wanted to play.. its music really makes you calm.. and changing weathers.. just amaazziiinngggg,1
hani zantout : amazing game. make sure you use earphones!,1
necir omar : great job but try to update it more or make it more complex or more option to enjoy more at all it is a wanderful game,1
a google user : great gameplay and the soundtrack is totally awesome keep up the good work,1
brandon colapietro : it is a really nice game with a peaceful soundtrack and a fun joy ride,1
ben hair : it was a cool adventure but challenge game for all ages to enjoy,1
samuel branch : one of the best endless runner games since temple run oz,1
zander aramburo : this is one of the best phone games i have ever experienced,1
a google user : best game ever played also better then temple run,1
a google user : great game and i would appreciate if you guys add more good music to the game.,1
prototype0-gaming - : the game is so addicting and fun and it is really simple and the graphics are amazing the games backtound looks like a dream,1
timmy jonhson : this is really fun and it gets things off your mind.,1
blue bicycle : such an amazing game with beutifull scene so relaxing!,1
driizzoo gaming : the soundtrack chosen for this game and the graphics and the background is all so beautiful would recommend this to anyone,1
hrithikraj pp : this is the best game of 2017 and 2018 great relaxing game when tension coming it will loose any problems please install super game ever in mobiles,1
aftab hasan : really a good game for me. i was looking for a game like this for time pass,1
r reeves : beautiful game that can be learned in minutes but can provide hours of enjoyment!,1
anneke mason : great music,1
jessie rayfield : simple as hell ,1
sonu burman : its really a fantastic game.. good time pass. bat still i'm waiting for next adventure..,1
imon ghosh : probably the best game i ever played .. graphics and sounds are awesome ..,1
bhoboghure : this is fantastic... there is no gaming application on my device but "alto's adventure"... i like it the most...,1
stanley et : this is a spectacular game awesome music awesome graphics overall its a beautiful game,1
matthew von schuetz : really love it really fun and that elder once unlocked is really worth it hehehehe,1
freddy hodgkinson : i love this game and i have already nearly got the third character,1
nitish prabhu : game crashes after some time,1
jono records himself : great game nice music with awesome indi like graphics good to relax to.,1
a google user : one of the best games i have ever played on mobile platform,1
iir4mboii : this game is the most beautiful and easy to control game that i have ever found,1
sahit m : wow what a game!!! the gameplay,1
jordan brewer : finally got all 180 goals done,1
mindless : great game. love the zen mode. would play anytime and anywhere.,1
israel correa : very fun game with easy intuitive controls. very similar to ski safari.,1
justchloe : to be honest i thought it was a bit boring,1
zedanga saleh : amazing can not wait until they launch the new one,1
jithu m a : this is a very pleasant game with peaceful background music. you will never be disappointed. great work guys!,1
a google user : love it so much that i finished the game in like a week of playing. love it.,1
a google user : if your anything like moi,1
eden snowden : this is my new favorite game i love it :),1
mwenda arthur : amazing game play and lovely music. you ger lost in the ambience of the game.,1
hitesh sant : ahh....its beautiful. it gives me peace. endless mode is like driving a endless road with no worries. developer is one soulful genius. its a endless melody...,1
cam : i liked it but it wouldn't let me jump.,1
mandakini das : good graphics,1
indradeep bhattacharya : the graphics here happens only in dreams. surreal.,1
ricardo felipe : waiting for alto's odyssey on android.,1
viven fernandes : it's awesome don't think twice before downloading,1
mark green : absolute rubbish pls fix this crappy game,1
a google user : *.i love the cute,1
victor s : let's you relax a bit ,1
akash dey : superb!!! liked it!! music is so soothing that i love playing it before going to bed. my only question is what does the new adventure awaits for us? :d,1
aryan mistry : good time killer its a good stressbuster game quite addictive and fabulous perfect game super graphics,1
datta kamble : please themes change all and a plyer boy is very small please maya us big,1
monts : great game with beuatiful scenery... i love it,1
dwi satrio w. : great graphics and relaxing. still waiting for alto's odyssey.,1
valdez family : it has really good graphics and has a lot of nice action,1
ling tc : simple to play,1
a google user : mind blowing game. addicted,1
pillows : by far the best game on android! incredible job noodlecake!,1
irfan chughtai : grafics are amazing love the gameplay just an amazing game for passing time,1
vinod kumar : very good game just the in game prices are little bit hight,1
jad kanhoush : this game is relaxing and even the song us nice and relaxing and it is adventures,1
sophia chau : amazing graphics,1
prabhu n : good one on running,1
a google user : i love this game. i understand why it's the editor's choice,1
a google user : i thiink that this game is pity cool,1
gordon jones : love the visuals and game play. so great!,1
elaina cremer : the most beautiful,1
joefrancis tugade : pls more games,1
aimen shelly : i love this game especially in unlimited mode with that romantic music,1
raul gutierrez lopez : peaceful game,1
destiny clark : i've played it multiple times and always enjoy it.,1
floxy : love it! can't wait for the next one,1
ohad : it's a nice but the game is kind of annoying.,1
a google user : amazing game. controls could be better. amazing graphics!,1
prem chanumalla : it's an awesome game and very beautiful,1
evan wilkin : best game i've played in a while. just pure amazing.,1
mordecai jablonski : i really enjoy this game it progressively gets more challenging yet its so simple,1
nsika mncadi : best game ever,1
jojarox xx : i love this app! definitely recommend it.,1
shane butcher : beautiful game,1
stephen butler : very peaceful game with objectives. great to relax with. simple and amazing.,1
kaleb blix : astheticly pleasing,1
joel : the music is absolutely amazing,1
somewhat.strange : amazing game; beautiful graphics,1
a google user : awesome,1
amena nadeem : stunning visuals,1
aaron indradjaja : it's great,1
anthony yovino : excellent! looking forward to the sequel.,1
apricotjam time : awesome! can't wait for the odyssey,1
matthew aleandri : great game! lovely graphics and nice layout! really enjoying it!,1
jonathan durra : great controls with a beautiful art style and a wonderful aesthetic!,1
zack : beautiful and good sound just wished there was bosses as in abonible snowman or a avalanche still awesome just needs a bit more chalange,0
a k z c r i z : best ever game that's music,1
abhishek deception : don't think about it just download it,1
a google user : why u think one star well my son played it got the wingsuit but its nearly impossible to activate it,1
anoon mathew shibu : the best relaxing game ever!!,1
shub bhagat : i complete all the goals its awosome :),1
julio selva : it's really relaxing,1
sleeplord potato : i really like the graphic and the soundtrack. its so beautiful,1
a google user : now has forced ads and solicits you to pay to upgrade to the premium version.,0
a google user : it is the world's fantastic and the best game and it's my favorite,1
remo hanock : brilliant!!! great visuals,1
akshay wani : game that calms you. playing the zen mode is like meditation.,1
a google user : my dream game,1
landon marek : it's so calming and wonderful to look at.,1
krishna narayanan : really nice game that makes you feel good,1
tad soup : it's a short game where you can just chill,1
jesus villarreal : beautiful graphics! its such a good game i reccommend this game to everyone!,1
vaibhav jaiswal : this game is very good and the graphics is also very good and this is the best game for childrens,1
mnb : its beauty is breath-taking.,1
smaran nagaraj : great game,1
anak syurga mak mak : relaxing and simple ,1
parker dewitt : i love the style of the game and progression system,1
libby ling : this game has beautiful graphics and music. it's a really good "endless" game.,1
pranay : i think its the best game... it make me feel so stressfree during exams!! i luv it,1
alex asf : i love it it's so peaceful my favorite game,1
bodya gaming : beautiful ! reminds me a lot of a poem "the little prince".can't wait to see new alto's odyssey !,1
04 phy m s karthikraj : its a very gud game.i like it very much.it relaxes me.,1
tut rg : ohh...man....its an amazing game! totally awesome. why i haven't come across this game before..thank you developer . thanks.,1
rofi ahmed : thanks to the developer for this epic game.its fell like something else. where i can find odyssey...,1
faizan muhammad : wow what an amazing intro mind blowing,1
liam kelly : a free game that's fun and relaxing,1
brenda : in love with this game! gorgeous graphics and surely entertaining! thank you!!!,1
satyansh sinha : game keeps crashing for no reason... please fix it!,1
hridoy rahman : its just simply an awesome game! loved it!,1
christopher barajas : has been my favorite game for gameplay or just relaxing.,0
palash bhadkamkar : amazing game. could you try adding a multiplayer feature,1
ad f : beautiful looking and sounding game that feels very zen,1
ojie blancia : very good game,1
jade kitsune : an amazing game that you won't regret playing,1
aravind s : a creative masterpiece with great visuals and refreshing bgm.,1
a60d m0h4med : verrrry nice game download it really cool!!,1
sammuel tetteh : relaxing and you don't have to struggle much. it's just awesome.,1
a google user : lovely graphics! nice music! i reccomend to all!,1
aleksa valjarevic : when night falls in the game rocks are absolutely invisible,1
jack perkins : wow the game is great i even played this at sprint store,1
sam moodley : very simple but satisfying game and really cool,1
yash dalal : has it all one could expect from an indie game,1
matt h. : the most relaxing fun one touch game,1
szymon klimiuk : this is the best game i had ever play,1
adidas vlogs : i really like this game it is a great time killer,1
singhai prachi jain : all is well but sometimes it becomes close automatically,1
marcus kamuntu : awesome game! by far the best game of the year,1
satadru bhattacharjee : it's one of the most mesmerising game i've ever played,1
a google user : weak. just a bad game.,0
elite boy the great : the game is good to play if your bored,1
green frog : great but occasionally crashes in middle of run.,1
sophie berlinger : it's my favorite app on my phone i love it,1
a google user : it is very good game because it has good graphics and good music and very funny,1
a google user : addicting and calming. specially zen mode.,0
nogami wataru : i love the graphics,1
morgan boyd : this game is a great relaxing tool and a great way to pass the time!,1
elijah arnold : it's a very attractive game and it's very easy and fun love it,1
akriti razdan : one of the best and surely an addictive game...waiting for new levels:),1
jason mendelson : pretty bummed i went premium. you lose the option to watch a video to revive... lame......,0
vishnu mj : outstanding.,1
a google user : really beautiful game really beautiful setting really liked it,1
sahad kt : this game is very interesting and game music very super,1
brendan vaughn : i absolutely love it and everythung about it but i rlly want to know when altos odyssey is coming out so plssss do tell,1
kostantinos panagiotidis : great relaxing game. try it with headphones!,1
saha santh : the best mobile game i've ever played,1
then h813 : a great game to play,1
mike p : great game. stunning visuals. fun progression.,1
jelly paws : its so addictive and relaxing! my favorite game,1
a google user : this is my favourite game i cried when i first got cause of the sound track it reminds me about my child hood easy mechanics and just a great game ill follow you guys and everything for making this game also i will give this all 5 maybe 100000000 stars,1
pankaj thakur : feeling good ,1
malicius : it ia great. can't wait for alto's oddisey,1
sarah ahmad : great time killer and i really love the music <3,1
sayan bag : the audio and visuals has made this game great .,1
ashir abrar : it becomes hard to play when night falls and alto is very small in size.,1
hamdan prakoso : love the zen mode. great game,1
tesha johns : the game it's good n addictive,1
ern hao : a simple and fun offline game.,1
christopher singh : the long lost update is here!,1
ak squad : it's a really fun game an i recommend it to everyone,1
armando karutjaiva : good game,1
gihan shanaka : juzt ended all the goals. addictive superb game,1
dimitris kiriazis : i love the home button and coin glitch,1
subhrajit acharjee : love this nyc graphics and many more allthrough nyc,1
milind kapadia : many thanks for this game. such a lovely visual delight,1
ashish kumar singh : its awesome. totally cool graphics. good controls.,1
kodal rahman : this is a good game.it has great graphics,1
dova : ultimate soothing fun. can't wait for next.,1
praveen mishra : i like this game so much it's graphic is amazing,1
joseph m. parker : great game play,1
dane oceja : i think it is awsome. great game,1
jc garcia : pretty as a princess. the simple controls compliment the atmosphere nicely.,1
sean bailey : zen mode is the icing on this delicous cake.,1
antoniu tudor : worse gameplay ever. hated it,1
adithyan gr : it's simply awsm ..it makes us think about snow ,1
ka puff : a great way of spending time while driving...,1
maximum bruh levels : is a great game but coins are few and in game prices are huge,1
eshan karnik : best mobile game ever recommend everyone to play this game,1
maitreya ingale : good minimalistic design. relaxing soundtrack,1
mohd amin ismail : can't wait for the new launching odyssey,1
teeru singh : it control full game and intrusting story. but rider too small.. it fixd in game,1
freddy perez : awesome download. you need this one,1
a google user : a very relaxing and enjoyable game.,1
nate dasnake : wow i liked the music and everything else!,1
yishai abro : great but crashes all the time,1
rajeev kumar maaram : mind relaxing background music and simple game,1
henry ng : great game fun to play and looks great,1
rob dog : this is hands down the best game in the world,1
shashikant singh : best game i ever played in this mb,1
gravitite kore : greatest game ever i recvomend this for when u r relaxing,1
a google user : all i want to say is i love this game,1
rahul taneja : such a beautiful and amazing game loved it totally,1
jonathan williams : is a great fun game and a good timepasser,1
chakravarthi reddy : awesome game but need something special,1
a google user : very good game smooth and easy controlling,1
laxman chauhan : game is best but add new place,1
prau marlon : gud graphics nd mind relaxing music,1
joonas ruutel : beutiful backgroung and my favorite character is maya,1
gabe scott : loved it great time killer and amazing graphics,1
latha vunnava : its avery nice game with good graphics,1
tony tony : game is lit probably one of the best for a phone,1
mouhammed h. el-sherif : i love it so much thank you,1
benedek kuna : this is my favourite phone game ever,1
gabe : amazing game with soothing music and flawless visuals,1
akib al hashir : best game i have played on android,1
a google user : it is a funfast moving game like it love it,1
kingston switzer : really relaxing and it helps you fall asleep,1
a google user : amazing game great everything recommend it to all great game,1
venkatraman varadarajan : very good it's a good time passing game,1
vishwa : wow!!! what a relaxing game. the bgm is outstanding!! this game remembers my old memories.,1
rohit malik : can you tell me noodlecake studios that how i can save my progress.,1
kris : great graphics,1
rishabh adiga : perfect game with no lag & its engaging,1
mme hd : the music,1
ray frenzy : does good and feels good for a casual game...,1
shehan pathirathna : nice game ...good graphics and good controls,1
hrishikesh p : amazing game! really good to pass time,1
brennus : excellent. relaxing and enticing at the same time.,1
jatin bandhiwal : this game is very well made and it is very well thought out.,1
james mcglone : this game is super relaxing and absolutely amazing!!!,1
demon rinzler : the graphics is beautiful,1
elvis depresley : i promise,1
sarthak khare : absolutely beautiful gameplay and elegant feel.,1
sam dumlao : i really love this game <3,1
a google user : this is such a good game 10/10,1
xf bot : no words... totally beautiful,1
satan bollocks : beautiful. beautiful music,1
a google user : i like this game so much even it is very hard to complete the mission's,1
mr lego : very relaxing,1
p i n : "one of the best mobile game ever played in my life"... love you guys..,1
victoria koziol : i loved it! the graphics are amazing,1
daman preet : this game literally takes you to mountains. music is such a charm. loved it. can you mail me its music file?,1
josue roberto : i'm on a new phone and the app didn't recognize the in-app purchase i did on my previous phone. what should i do?,1
michael widjaja : greatly designed,1
leajato robinson : truly one of the great game that is a hidden treasure!,1
brik heil : ads for ashley madison. immediately deleted app.,1
christopher root : great time waster and passer.,1
haylee : the graphics and music are amazing. great gameplay.,1
matt cromwell : gorgeous,1
dipan minz : it's so amazing that i was blown away by the gentle slap of the cold wind...it's so infatuating...the most relaxing game ever especially due to it's zen mode ...amazing.........,1
bradley lewis : watch ads to win. ruined,0
l k : i have to agree with the editors on this one. superb!!!,1
kris manuela : everyone should try the zen mode,1
a google user : why cant you play this on android kitkat,0
neel shah : i completed all the goals yippeee,1
_paapii_ shampoo_ : can u add multiplayer and race others please do for next update :),1
marisol rosa : i luv the music that comes with it very relaxing :),1
jense : i really love this game it's really fun and very cold,1
a google user : the game is amazing the music and the game play.,1
roberto avalos : this game is just amazing!! i love it!!,1
jishnunadh n : best game i have played in my life.... the zen mode is something more than a game....,1
u t : amazing game. both beautiful and challenging.,1
husa nera : excellent ...no.matter how.many times you play this ,1
ceejay de castro : please update odyssey already! i'm waiting for the update,1
krisna sandhu : i fell inlove with this game.,1
satish hd : good one,1
as ap : it's great. and it is epic. nice gameplay,1
amar bhardwaj : simple and smooth... love this game... zen mode is just awesome... works offline (without internet) too...,1
jasna martinez : nice graphics the background is very flawless and beautiful.,1
alex03 : this is my app,1
pralhad raorane : i usually like to play endless game... so far this game is awesome... most,1
likely to used to play on night... it's more addictive.. beautiful,1
graphics! i'll recommend all to try this beautiful game!,1
a google user : this is the favourite game of mine i am addicted to this game,1
val mik : its really good. make it two player,1
darren & stacia johnson : it's just a beautiful game with just beautiful music and beautiful art.,1
a google user : the most charming and sweet game ever.,1
jamie tus : fun game with the right amount of complexity for a mobile game,1
koss x : love the game so simple yet so fun,1
w a l m a r t : if u like peaceful games then this is for u,1
vital kutsyla : this game is a masterpiece! thanks to all who made it!,1
a google user : this game is an unbelievably cinematic masterpiece!!,1
callum woodcock : all round fun game,1
adnan zas : one of the best game i've ever played,1
anudeep kumar marri : good game. when could we get a sequel,1
malar selvi : i like beautiful scenes and goals.this game was awsome,1
omar hassan : it is a very nice and simple game,1
shaun martin van der berg : love this game its plain and fun,1
davide3303 : really good graphics and really addicting,1
martin abraham : nice background music and good graphics,1
neil panchoo : really cool game with the best music,1
a google user : thank you for your help and support,1
nate craig : one of a kind adventure that needs to be experienced,1
a google user : fun game with beautiful art work,1
srijan dwivedi : really good music and nice graphics,1
jack mccausland : its a decent game lots of fun,1
ppoliceman coper12 : this is a fascinating game but to easy,1
nepoleon das : this game makes me calm,1
piyush pant : the perfect game for a portable platform,1
nam janke kiya karoge : feel relaxed while playing this game,1
arne zavro : beautiful game to clear your mind,1
thampy v v : awesome game i recommend everyone to install it,1
reuben nsg : love it so peacful and just fantastic,1
trash can't do much : soothing and beautiful plus no lag,1
junaeid ahmed : its all over a awesome game,1
md shafin : nice app specially graphics are superb,1
abe some : i love it the game is really beautyfull,1
legends r raised : best of best game top first,1
hellraiser smith : love the game especially the art style,1
naveen sah : tell me that when the next adventure launches,1
elliot t : a great game with exellent graphics,1
toko rukhadze : i love the game soo much,1
peter lee : release more goals to achieve please,1
a google user : it is a great game and iove it,1
richard gomes : calming game yet fun and exciting,1
nightshade : one of the best games out there,1
lilnugget 205 : i love this game so much,1
parnest 123 : loved it the first time i played,1
siddhik : so beautiful graphics and relaxing game,1
gisselle flores : good game to play to waste time.,1
nikola petrevski : very addictive and very entertaining mobile game.,1
floof wars : yes...just.... yes....stunning....masterpiece....words cannot describe this utter beauty,1
abhishek shahane : hello.. is it possible to recover my lost progress...? i thought maybe connecting to google play will bring it back but i have totally lost it. i reached ezel and bought a new phone. please help!!! :((( i really love this game !,1
jeremy youngblood : so you buy ad-free and then you can't revive at all? that's a dumb enhancement. don't buy the ad-free version.,1
david alex : i can't find any other characters,1
abhishek singh : i have no words to what to say about it.... the sounds especially in headphone wowwwwwww!!! and the graphics,1
ayrus : awesome game......totally loved it..... thank u for making such nice games for us to play....,1
e raja durai : i like this game so much . i love this game,1
seth brethauer : superb! one of the smoothest games i've played. a joy to play. it's unique,1
_atg_ : simply amazing... just what an "editor's choice" game should be like... fab,1
kanishka army : my coins are incresing again amd again whenever i reopen the game dont know why,1
will davis : "let's make a game which exits randomly",1
obi tarape : awesome game,1
jordeyyy : i love it!! beautiful,1
sindo t j : this game made my day.,1
a google user : why do you need access to contacts? beside quite frustrating game.,0
sachinkrishna m v : superb game i ever played..... the bgm is so relaxing... the perfect game.......,1
destyne whitnable : amazing game,1
giulio rubino : this is really a lovely,1
harsh vardhan bhatnagar : loved d game even more loved the bug unit which gives u unlimited coins,1
a google user : i love everything about it.. no regrets installing this game.. daebak!!,1
toxic life : this is a dumbass game,1
yashar rafiei : game keeps closing after latest update,1
vedant shende : i think this game is made for making for them who want pass their time,1
abdinasir elmi : i like the graphics and the gameplay but can you please change the controls,1
vi_m /\ ll 0 y. iv : really great love the graphics great game,1
heinz mateo : just put your headphones and be free!,1
abdul quddoos : probably the greatest of all time.,1
hidro rfk : really nice game and gameplay.,1
wissam al-hafez : it is simply the perfect game.,1
hiranya chutia : i didn't find it interesting even 1%...nothing's there..what abt such mb ...it looks like a 2mb game,1
madi jf : thanks alot very very good game,1
pradeep dungdung : it's the android version of paradise,1
doctor monster : amazing game and excellent graphics.,1
a google user : perfectly developed and neatly done.,1
kel' thusad : evolution of mobile games at it's finest,1
sharad dutta : most wonderful game in the world. all that i can tell. the missions are,1
challenging yet achievable. thanks noodlecake!!!!!!!!!!,1
jacob acs : i think they should add a trick menu,1
ray dizzle ma nizzle : needs more tricks other than a back flip,1
senor cardgage : such things. many fun.,1
jarom strong : a beautifully simple game.,1
boopy bob : good game awsome graphics,1
joshua slingluff : just beautiful all around.,1
sean jackson : reason for 1 star is games keeps closing when im using wingsuit not nice when im in the middle of a mission or getting a new score the game is up there with the best but until this bug is fixed i wont be rqting any higher,0
black jackmore : it's a great game for bed,1
vishnu telloju : it's not entertaining,1
a google user : i only wish that there was more.,0
nishan saha : good time pass game ... with great relaxing background music good job developers...,1
monalisa chaudhury : addictive,1
andrew sanders : ads are too intrusive.,1
lim mei lin : it sucks i dint done that mission and i keep restarting!what kind of game is this?pls make it better,1
zeeshan ahmad : love it.....but have one question : when will alto's oddessey be released ??? have been waiting for it since almost a year....,0
sigit purnama : it's keep force close,1
a google user : iam searching for a good game now i got it .......really i love this game its awesome,1
s e n p a i : just awesome!!!! addictive!!! but add more characters ..... or everything is awesome.... graphics are nice...,1
kenny leo chia : i lost my progress after i reset my device. even though i already synced my,1
progress with google play. please help,1
jazzy cat : it will not out me do a back flip,1
1 million subscribers challenge : change the logo of the game since the release its like that only,1
gautam koremilli : just loved to play this game.. nice controls..and time pass.,1
jeffrey niemann : my favorite,1
jayash adlak : best mood game... it makes the mood,1
tyler dane : super fun,1
null rien : its a good game but i wached a few adds but when i enter and exit it gives me 500 coins per a time and it can be spammed i will rate better i jist wanted to get your attention on this,1
steven carter : my stats don't show at all please fix,0
rahul raghav : the graphics and music is awesome,1
hani aziz : can't bear to wait for the next adventure anymore. been waiting for sooo long now. giving up. ........... .......... ....... ..... uninstall-ed!,0
chandar loha : perfect game to relax... amazing scenery... great work creators... keep it up..,1
shilbin raja : wow...i love to play it...very relaxing thanks to its zen mode...good job by the developers...,1
prabir das : its simple but good.,1
hemant kumar : a game worth playing.,1
not even gay tho : it's fun but to chill,1
shauna93 : great game. nuff said,1
st. buck : go on the play... be steady.... we are waiting for the next adventure,1
parvez ananta : it's have good graphics,1
paynterboi1 : 100 stars out of 20. just waiting for odesy,1
paresh bharia : how do i thank you for the zen mode... lovely:),1
j buckly : couldn't hold a backflip at some times,1
aaron schwartz : endlessly replayability. simple and fun.,1
muhammad ahmad : one of the best games ever!,1
ahmed amjad ismail : excellent game. words can't do justice.,1
makhadina : i love thw background,1
a google user : very good of its kind.,1
sabu sebastian : it's amazing! love it,1
shamsad begum : it's graphics are awesome. it's very satisfying.,1
jitvan ramesh : it's like i've found the meaning of "life" with this game.....,1
yellowwarden : "i love the story and the idea itself.",1
immanuel nicholls : cannot play in the day time because it's too dark,1
abhinav : the theme is good...quite relaxing game,1
noprimos : i love everything about it. please make an alto's adventure 2.please,1
david naklapan : good app for spell some time...,1
rahul dahiya : it was fab game ,1
ryals family : it is awesome love it,1
jessica mccullough : i think it's awesome!,1
bea k : i love this game,1
devin2231 : money grab to "revive",1
vaibhav kumavat : epic game specially zen mode is lit...,1
gamersbelike aceves : i like the game because it doesn't have anyadds,1
raja sethi : best game.good graphics quality.l'm loving it.,1
a google user : it is awesome!just download the app,1
ronitua s. : all in all,1
vlad dewitt : it's magic. wonderful,1
narind khajuria : great game.. super graphics.. into the world of snow u go..,1
alex guillen : so entertaining! love it!,1
ranjana khandelwal : the best game that i ever played...,1
lrsrf : the music is so good!!!! \(^0^\) (/^-^)/,1
travengamer : too many stupid ads!,0
shaylah a : love it,1
maltaser : no ads so smooth,1
porsche' leach-stephens : i like the idea of the flips,1
jim bellic : serious flash back problem,1
a google user : latest update fixed the green bug... good!,0
naman raj singh : relaxing... waiting for the next part- alto's odyssey,1
r a j b h a r a t h : music background was awesome in this game... i love it..,1
andrew reynolds : a great game!,1
boyson the d-mus : its really a good game to chill with... real fun..,1
david kariu : great game. all day.,1
a google user : great game!love everything about it.,1
uais a. indreean : make you think you are skating in the alto's world,1
jamie sullivan : outstanding.... simple,1
a google user : need's more level:-) ;-,1
radiation : amazing. 10/10. theres nothing more to it.,1
anmol singh : it's just awesome i love it.. !,1
eddie omobe : brilliant! and it's free!,1
sujeet mistry : music is one of the best!!,1
pratheek bhat : awesome and man the music is a gem!!,1
jeffrey harrington : it's great but are the buyable llamas stuffed animals or decoration?,1
ritesh khanna : awesome! beautiful play!,1
a google user : one of my favourite game...,1
wasif mahamud : it's just awesome,1
langano : sick game.,1
ee glo : best game ...osm graphics,1
wesley gawne : it was asome,1
prasanna chakranarayan : loved this game,1
jessica mabry : i love your game.,1
shivam tripathi : nice game and easy to play....,1
vignesh sivakumar : awesome game.... stress buster,1
rey son : better than coc,1
sr palash : it's amazing game ever,1
luke mahoney : this game is one of the best arcade game!!!!!,1
sibasish pattanaik : awsm one! i love it!...vert relaxable,1
bruce bassett : annoyingly greedy...,1
dhanunjay bhaviri : it's very very nice superb nice,1
kirwanto hanif : amazing grapich and sound.,1
joe trailers : it's very good,1
igho elvin : i love this game,1
seth bettwizilch : great game!,1
volnutt : it's fun,1
lala : this is the best game ever.,1
a google user : really wonderfull game...relaxting too...,1
s b : very nice game !,1
pranav : what an work of art ....love it ...,1
ashwin arun : it's a work of art,1
alborz zahedy : wow..just wow...what a great game. ..,1
chayan das : tv version is getting sale,1
rushabh patel : what a fantastic game.....this game is coolest game ever....mind freshner game,1
a google user : it's great!,1
johnhey edzel : love it very much..,1
jack's_life boyy : it's fun and clir,1
a google user : i love the music.,1
vex is here : simply awesome :d,1
aquatic_ ox : it is so awesome!!!,1
sandy : thanks for screen shot feature...,1
a google user : annoying ads on launch,0
uba java : hate the game and ads,1
reese rhodes11 : really beautiful,1
c bennett : love the game but the ads there used to be no ads so why the change?,0
m h ifty : it's a wonderful game......i really like it.......,1
stephanie wilson : this is so lit.,1
bubble nugget 2 : it's so awesome,1
adam : too many adverts. spoils it.,1
a google user : an awsome,1
hrushikesh pentewad : better than the best.,1
a google user : simple and good game.,1
jaypee magno : really love this game!,1
noor babu s : nice i love this game,1
karl hargreaves : old version with no ads was great,1
skinnifishi : it's nice and relaxing,1
fatma elsifee : i swear this is the best game.ever,1
iman fozouni : this is a great one!,1
kaon gladiator : awesome,1
n0vemberdude : free on android,1
aditya raj : additive and music is awesome ...,1
a google user : great game!!,1
scott taylor : plain old fun.,1
a google user : awesome game.nothing to work on,1
william sade de paiva : almost one ad after each race,0
jan baudisch : simple and great!,1
kaushila yogi : i love this game..,1
jack sheppard : addictive !,1
senpitrap 204 : i can't wait to play altos adventure2!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
ankur sharma : how about a local lan multiplayer? :d where one player is alto and the other player is elder chasing him :d,1
ian : love the music.....and the gameplay,1
onur kader : really amazing!,1
nycto krypto : its great!!,1
kraad 03 : this game is awesome!!!!!,1
anil kumar : good time pass...,1
lina leontyeva : great game!!,1
jasim a : one word "beautiful",1
nothing for now : one word. harmonic.,1
jm : relaxing!,1
himanshu kashyap : where's alto odyssey? it's about time now!,1
a google user : love everything!!!,1
mark durden : absolute best time waster,1
a google user : this game is so cool,1
coffey heywood : best game with sweet sounds,1
o p gaming : beautiful music very relaxcing,1
d2rk : the adventure is good and challenging,1
a google user : best game love the music,1
a google user : i love it is so cute,1
avinash vijayakumar : awesome game amazing graphics,1
samin bihongo : awesome time passing game,1
muiz mustaqiim : best game on android yet,1
a google user : easy and relaxing game,1
xzx4453 : this is a fun game for anybody,1
kim carriere : great game so addicting,1
imbored today : smooth gameplay music that fits,1
a google user : wonderful game just beautiful,1
yasmin shaikh : nice game and peaceful music,1
b-56 avishkar bhilare : this game is awesome and great,1
wilson zheng : very well made game,1
shadows arabic covers : the best game ever,1
mr. rob : easy and simple controls like it,1
yash pandit : best simple game for android,1
manju yadav : what an amazing game download it,1
rabani daniswara : realy enjoyed this game and soundtrack,1
lance van der merwe : amazing brilliant get this game,1
dj scaggs : i thac it is the best game ever,1
dhruv singh : it is very good game,1
a google user : this game is very good,1
gagan bhargava : nice and pretty good music,1
zlatan ilyasa n.f : the best game ever,1
a google user : the best game in the world,1
vinimure muriithi : the game is really relaxing,1
rizwan ul karim : cool game and attractive graphics,1
tinisha chetty : best snowboarding game ever,1
reza : amazing visual aspects and performance,1
miguel ramirez : really calming and incredible game,1
soumaya b. : absolutely love the zen mode,1
a google user : i think the game is cool,1
ruan barnard : awesome game. when is alto's oddysey launching?,1
arun12 : can you add some more additional content ?...,1
max weh : where is alto's odysee? can't wait!,1
peter simon : great graphics but boring,1
justin w : simply brilliant.,1
a google user : boring.,1
sebastian demarco : absolutely beautiful.,1
etson pierre : honestly an awesome,1
eli valley : simply perfect.,1
maysa cascaes : beautiful and relaxing.,1
erlou lacorte : great good,1
a google user : too many ads. you want us to pay to remove ads you put in in an update? what the hell?,0
elena dark : addictive and fun,1
ashley b : it's good,1
talan fabregas : it's cool,1
amuel hercules : easy & addictive,1
timothy pitts : it's cool,1
shaniqua mai-lee : very relaxing :),1
deny rachman : very addictive..,1
brandon allison : the game was great but why did you add ads?,0
abhishek devgharkar : loving this app....,1
a google user : so intersting ......,1
rajat pandey : love it simply :-),1
thomas hall : just download it....now!!!,1
sahan nanayakkara : i love this game,1
khili sharma : what's the point of collecting lamas..anyone?,1
hazuki : graphics are great;),1
vinay khari : it is incredible.....,1
aritra paul : awesome.. thanks,1
kartik sharma : can't find characters,1
a google user : absolutely beautiful...............,1
anson aldrino : aesthetic,1
john gould : its bad,1
a google user : it is the worst,0
a google user : i hated it,1
a google user : easy simple and calming,1
funny scream : this game is beautiful,1
a google user : mind refreshing game,1
nila nilo : amazing games and beuatifful,1
juan carlos martinez : simply fun and addicting,1
zero : i adore this game,1
a google user : i love this game,1
ayanda luv : addictive but i love it,1
jasram meena : good adventure game,1
a google user : best of my opinion,1
mahadev singh : nice and cool game,1
christian yu : i love the simplicity of it,1
a google user : nature is calm,1
gertrude muwowo : awesome just graphics,1
dingle ling : its very calming,1
umar khan : really good game,1
aseef ullah : its a good game,1
a google user : the game is awesome,1
mark cisneros : really fun and relaxing,1
alexis ramirez : the graphics are amazing,1
a google user : amazing and chillout game,1
patil nd : it is very nice,1
dudeguyman77 : fun and super chill,1
aleksandar micic : not boring and relaxing,1
a google user : i loved it it was cool,1
hamza khan : amazing and good music,1
tell em sajuka : snow plus fun,1
rejo frinkle : superb game loved it,1
red one : relaxing beautiful and fun,1
joshua hoang : its soo beautiful,1
jolly james : best game to play,1
adrish majumder : scores are so good,1
a google user : very nice game,1
christa ickes : this game is amazing,1
ratul hasan riku : best of games ever,1
eric haden : amazing and environmentally beautiful,1
imman jesus : nice game really,1
a google user : i love this game,1
mark hernandez : the song was amazing,1
nirmala prabhakar : best timepass game,1
alistair gordon : amazing and fun and beautiful,1
colt wade chandler : i loved it to bits,1
mr. hacker and reasoner : an awesome game,1
shantanu ukkey : yes it is best game,1
myroslav sidorov : very relaxing game,1
a google user : out standing bgm,1
retro gone : its a good game,1
a r : best graphics best of best,1
ananthakrishnan m : when will altos odyssey will get released???,1
hamirsinh kumpavat : loved it ;),1
anton kozhemyachenko : the progress hasn't been saved over device changing. here's why i change the rate 5->1,1
elbro : amazing sounds effect,1
d s : what. adventure. ???,1
jordan kush : when is alto's odyssey coming to android?,0
leon jordan : cool,1
diego reyes : love this,1
21pcs011_akash niranjan : game worth the your time,1
a google user : this game is so fanstictics,1
shailandra singh : my sister like this game,1
avijit sinha : amazed by the graphics and bg music,1
supun gihan : i so like this game,1
sooraj p : force close when using wingsuit,1
imconcerned : it has no green,1
kian maleki : very relaxing game,1
roshaun : it is so fun,1
uditha nanayakkara : full package for relaxing,1
shreya singh -8d : very nice gameplay,1
a google user : to good to be true,1
a google user : really good,1
linden morris : faarkn choice game,1
a google user : nic game play,1
savita kanitkar : the game is very lover,1
vasilii volohov : thanks for the game guys,1
mxshii : where is alto odyssey? plz answer me,1
arun pesari : simply good,1
amir hamzah : great game,1
prasad pant : simply a w e s o m e,1
aryan malik : awesome and amazing,1
mohamed mahathir : mind blowing,1
amir hakiem : pretty awesome,1
daniel gordon taylor : beautiful and calming,1
dima fel : love this game,1
pavel gondane : love this game,1
brandon gager : relaxing and fun,1
thein hah aye : love this game,1
may jay : best of the bests,1
firoz sharahudeen : simple and beautiful,1
a google user : great game,1
beef feeto : great game,1
mark burkart : great game,1
dylan luke : cool and nice,1
sacre blue : great game,1
abbi yoga : best of gabut,1
a google user : love this game,1
silvia albert : this is amazing,1
gamer gronk : simple and fun,1
pavao barisic : simple and addictive,1
white wallaby : really cool,1
forgotten time : pretty good,1
shawn ligocki : beautiful and serene,1
nice potato chips : its charming,1
momen elorbany : absolutely beautiful,1
jake cake : sucks and is good,1
kristian kimbrough : i the best,1
veer singh : cool miss,1
a google user : out standing,1
m.nazeeh ali : this is cool,1
patricia vasquez : cool people,1
a google user : it is cool,1
edward ekokor : piece of art,1
sushila choudhary : good graphic,1
a google user : great soundtrack,1
a google user : help full,1
a google user : cool game,1
ubayed robbani : good apps,1
zebilon marunyane : great game,1
takar dongo : include new maps and new items,1
sheep & mustaces : the.best.game.ever,1
vraj nagar : ++++++cool,1
carlos duran : cool,1
a google user : horrible,0
a google user : hated it,1
david collins : boring,1
andy san : hated it,1
wisnu : when will you release alto odissey for android?,1
gaurav : soothing,1
a google user : cool,1
aamaxx shack : relaxing,1
t ac : smooth,1
the ram : relaxing,1
kwndbjajaman : cool,1
talkable harp : cool,1
sayed sohan : easy,1
ashish agrawal : addictive,1
a google user : lol! it has some bugs in in-app purchase section,1
a google user : s-class,1
a google user : graphics are litty.,1
blaz mohoric : nothing special,1
baalamohankumar sivakumar : hell of job,1
a google user : 1 of the bests,1
anny mehdi : verrrrry peasful,1
notgabes : is sucks,1
anuj jhingan : remembrance of something,1
gabriel johnson : it is so,1
hassan bankston : everything,1
jimmy universe : to,1
nick jones : to get 500 extra coins every 2 seconds,1
a google user : i normally find games like this dull and boring after a few minutes of playing but i absolutely love this game. it's minimalist design and easy to pick up controls makes it more of an experience than a game. as all you need is one finger tapping the screen to play,0
artin : honetly,1
will bonner : this is s5 start game all the way around when it looks right. i've had the pleasure of playing it before the last update wrecked the color scheme and it looked beautiful. now,0
wesley d : great game,1
flotts : with a game development background,1
dillen ekkerd : great game. it's obvious that the game makers took a lot of time and effort to create such an incredible game. it may have some buggs still hiding in some places,1
scott degan : the game itself is great. simple,1
a google user : as of right now,1
joseph hang : this is a pleasant game to play with very beautiful and calming music and the effect even more so when playing in zen mode. my one problem is the red guy chasing us on his llama is way too fast and very hard to escape from,0
artem smaznov : the game is simply beautiful. i say bring material design style everywhere. so nice to play,1
jade watt : i remember a little a while ago when i got this app,1
kieran : i enjoyed it for about an hour but the amount of bugs and issues are way too high to be a pleasant game. most of the bugs are really simple things and yet are still present,1
gustavo pampolini : regarding the game itself,1
rachel s : i really like this game and play it constantly. there is a bug that doesn't let you continue even after watching the video,0
a google user : i wish there' a save option so that players can resume their progress whenever their phones decided to screw up and forced a restart..,1
george waller : there is nothing wrong with this game,1
caleb cole : i love this game. it is fun and very replayable. however,1
amadeus gracius : lots off lags. the screen sometimes turns unresponsive making you cant jump. sometimes it also turns black and you must force shut off the app.,0
justin rose : game was #1for me until they added ads. now the game stutters making it harder to play,0
jake e. : has started crashing right after every new game. have restarted phone but problem still persists. worked well up until about 50 levels and now lags. update please.,0
vijay sharma : game crashing after some time approx 2 to 3 mins only. please do something.,0
sumal sebastian : what a crap game. its offering extra life if we watch an ad video but i am not getting.life. already watched somany of such video s.,0
marco darian : awesome! simple but addictive! awesome game but still have a lot of bugs.example:1.sometimes when i blow a llama horn near the chasm,1
ca onizuka : i really loved its zen mode,1
tamil arasan : it's a feel good game with good music but the only two tricks are backflip and bunting grind.i expect more tricks like kickflip or barrel roll.,1
athanasios kyriazis : one of the greatest games i've played. can be played in a relaxing or intense manner according to your choice. nice environment music and effects.,1
shubham mandlekar : a very soothing and blissful experience. the graphics are serene and the background music is placating. it lures you into going there and relax.,1
rastko gojgic : you ruined it. first off all after the update game became choppy and laggy. plus the ads are very intrusive. otherwise it's an amazing game in every aspect. bring it back as it was.,0
peter saputra : the mountain,1
rudolf alberts : night mode should be optional,1
gaurav pandey : men truly awesome combination of sound engineer and graphics devloper we r just loving the zen mode ever hats off..,1
stephanus budiwijaya : crashed a lot!!!!! decided to continue the game after a while and found this game is buggy 1. game won't resume after video is finished 2. crash to a rock when hover effect is active. 3. can't jump at all,0
julian lee : the video to continue run is super buggy. most times i just select end run. it either doesn't work or the video plays after but doesn't let you continue your run.,0
brandon p : this game takes the endless runner,1
a google user : great game but one thing is that the game randomly doesnt respond at times and freezes every time that i...watch ads (voluntarily)...i wont hold it up to the game as it's most likely some other apps trying to do stuff on my phone.,0
kathy palmer : i love this game! not only are the graphics & music beautiful but the game play is smooth & glitch free on both my samsung tab 4 & my galaxy note 5. the game itself is calming & challenging (but not frustratingly so) @ the same time.this game is a rare gem indeed!!,0
avijeet kumar biswas : cool game with amazing graphics. however occasionally it gets stuck in the middle of the game. i hope this bug is fixed soon.,1
the cartoonist : this game is amazing,1
kevin ._. : the music is amazing the only problem is i wasted 1,1
geo : this game really goes to show how much you can do when you take a minimalistic approach. the sheer simplicity of control,1
shane lee : i can't jump sometimes. not sure if it's a common bug. i came back to this game after almost a year and it's buggy. i wish it stayed the same as before,0
kj smrtalc : only 2 stars because the "watch ad" feature when you crash does not work. until this bug is fixed low rating will remain.,0
kristan : one of the best apps. it's a really good app to vibe out to when listening to music and also just playing.,1
niharika sharma : major stress buster after a long day. waiting for alto's odyssey.,0
techy guy : alto's adventure is a very good game but developers should add new features in the game...liked its physics,1
gangamai ashok : alto is awesome but sometimes its little boring and there is no any special type of updates.,1
prashant : best time killer but after a while it will become boring i thing there should be a story mode in this game,0
rhone : great game with soothing music and good mechanics. a must have when bored,1
merry brigita : i love love this game so much. this is like my first sight game ever cos every aspect of this game are just so perfect,1
a google user : the games really fun and good,1
izumi w. : keep saying tap and hold to avoid back flip. can't start the game,1
ax3r l1t3 : great game really cool soundtrack and unable to wait for alto's odyssey,1
nouman younas : the music is beautiful but it gets a little monotonous. please add more music.,1
age zijderveld : still crashes from time to time. i can't do the long duration achievements because of the app crashes,0
agam sehdev : just love the graphics. the sound of rain and thunder is so natural. play it with putting on headphones!,0
hugo vieira : can't watch ads after crashing. button doesn't work! also when it used to work,0
matt johnson : so fun and addicting! really easy to learn but there's always room to improve and better your best score. the story mode is really fun and zen mode is amazing!,1
randy alvarez : constantly watching video for no reason. does not extend run.,0
a google user : this is the best game i have played on my android one (noughat) so far.,1
evelyn kelly : whenever i try to revive him by watching an add it glitches and shuts down,1
shahrukh masood hashmi : its insane man. graphics are trademarks and music is tremendously awesome,1
basim rehman : it would be nice if you add choice to the player to chose night mode,1
nikhil kaushal : thank you developers for this blissful adventure..really one goes into another realm and the music is so soothing..specially in the zen mode..love you guys cheers !!,1
chahat sharma : i have a problem after the update it stop when i pick up a coin manget,0
amy a : i am very bad at alto. thank you for finally letting us purchase the ad-free upgrade so i can get back to the fun much quicker!,1
a google user : great game and no adverts (if you turn data connection off),1
a google user : this game calms me down when i am angry.,1
hamad ahmed : incredible and outstanding for graphics and background score yet lacked a touch in gameplay. overall interesting to play especially the zen mode,1
adhyatma mansur : addicted to that rush! more quality game like this please,1
julie christianson : i love the app,1
matthew pettyjohn : the ads made a once zen game unplayable.,1
a google user : played this at a t mobile,1
j dav : this game cheated me uot on the shop,1
afra anani : great game but..... ever since i activated the wing suit,1
danielle t : such a breathtaking game! fun,1
satyaki mandal : one of the best low poly design templates i've ever seen,1
pak konchoro : soothing music background,1
gaming king : very simple game. only back flip and u need more improvement for this game.,1
hannah chau : it was amazing all that is that you should add is different items to get and new character,1
a google user : this is a very relaxing game. the graphics and music calms me almost instantly.,1
jason richmond : one of my favorite games,1
talha ahmed khan : it's a beautiful game with brilliant graphics and atmosphere along with it's addictive gameplay,1
amber wawa : i think it has a mix of action and exiting in a good way,1
potato bag : the grafics are amazing and on zen mode u can really zen out,1
zack hall : altos anventur is the best game ever becue its fun and easy,1
random shit : love this game but wish you could do more tricks,1
ayush singh : awesome game but u there should be more characters and powerups,1
yaro_ chan : made me cry tears of joy,1
marcelo de carvalho : game crashes every 5 minutes. unplauable.,1
atha riadi bisma : the graphics is awesome and the song is relaxing. how wonderful!,1
millennium decade : this is a really good game,1
michael jay : need to add more upgrade.,1
moto k : what a great graphics. the fantastic graphic and music are affected each other and it makes a fantasy world.,1
mahmood ur rashid : the most beautiful game i ever played . i would like to thank the creators of this game for creating such a beautiful game .,1
a google user : this is very good game i love this game so much,1
kids forsythe : it is awesome just needs more characters,1
a google user : it is more then interesting. but not at all. thanks,1
ily miseri : when i tapped i didnt even get a centimeter off the ground. fix it please,0
nb spice - : it's such a great game and fun!,1
uzair nisar : beautiful game,1
arbaz ali : where do i report any problem ? i hve a screenshot the whole screen's gone green.,1
parker : good. it's so aesthetic i love it,1
karthik karthik : i love this game and location lam waiting for the alto's part2,1
bicatzu -849 : best games and great controls and great graphics and the sound,1
adrian goran : we need more mobile games like these,1
matthew cox : a fantastic game with spectacular graphics and great gameplay.,1
a google user : this game give me strenghth when i feel bad i play this game and feel happy,1
in coming 1000 years no one can make like this game,1
tusarkant jati : love you guys who have developed itttt,1
maddyology : awesome landscape is awesomeeeeeee game controls are cool and smooth,1
a google user : i'm completely in love with alto... the most beautiful game ever... please bring in more features though,1
quinn wylie : its so fun,1
adam mueller : note 8 issue fixed.,1
bees : addictive and very beautiful! not many ads at all,0
kian ahsihda : marvelous game every with a great beauty.,1
william denham : nice pick up and play game.,1
al insaniya : i love it its very simple tnx,1
alex golden : i love tis game the music is amazing,1
mohammed farhat : the game is one of my all time favourite mobile games but i had way better experience on ios due to performance issues,1
j. silva : simple,1
sujoy das : loved it can't wait for altos oddesy,1
robert gephart : fun endless runner. love the soundtrack.,1
guerilla fighter : having great experience with this game. enjoyments are unlimited,1
padz : the background was color green,1
neha sisodiya : it's a mind relaxing game fr every1,1
vasudevan angamuthu vasudevan : this makes our mind peace,1
dj : the most peaceful game ever,1
h.r. rahman : i think it's the best game i ever played....its awesome...u really need 2 try it...,1
bivash majumder : my fev games of all.. none can replace it..,1
navajyoti roy : i love the music scale. it's mesmerizing.,1
a google user : love this game but,1
scott petersen : yay,1
jolo serra : awesome game. highly recommendable,1
vaibhav shahare : awesome game,1
harry gill : simple and beautiful - meditative gaming,1
pranav shinde : catchy and a sexy game,1
nicholas turgeon : i've had this game for a long time,1
jawless jenkins : this game is....is....there's just one word to describe it : amazing,1
joey gomez : great game! really peaceful,1
anubhav deka : very calming. very nice.,1
cb gamer : wow ... awesome experience..... love it man .. very very cool,1
avinandan roy : just awesome!!! keep up the good work,1
katherine norgren : it's so awesome.,1
ray knowles : amazing! enough said!,1
bitter sweet : we can't revive using 'watch a video' option? that sucks,1
a google user : it's the best game,1
sen varghese : really addictive game!!!,1
089_muhammad salman satria agung : the game is awesome!!!,1
cliff jumper : absolutely nice game and sounds relaxes your mind........,1
the northeasternboy : amazing graphics and the music!!,1
baji hurdler : i love this game & entartinment,1
neel .h : one word.... 'addictive',1
fe almogela- bacungan : this game is good !,1
a google user : download it with ur eyes closed...... just awesome,0
a google user : it is cool!!!!!!!!!!!,1
pet universe : great app!!,1
aaron chettiar : so cool to play the game,1
felix songwe : addictive game great music,1
jesse : idubbbz is better than ricegum,1
a google user : it's beautiful,1
jas'on bolden : awesome gameplay,1
sabarinath : it's nice,1
wasim feroz : experiencing crashes :/,1
marat karimov : the best game of this type,1
a google user : this is an awesome game,1
shakil loyeds : nice game for relaxation,1
lucky alamsyah : i love this game,1
sirious sustaita : its a good game,1
a google user : this game is lit,1
dylan evans : it is so great,1
kurt garcia : this game is awesome,1
venkat rao : i like this game a lot,1
alex permenter : fun and relaxing game,1
daimyr tate : the game is amazing,1
ram kumar : really fun,1
rishabh raj : its calms the mind,1
manoj agarwal : absolutely stunning,1
a google user : cool game,1
cancer : pretty good,1
evan li : very relaxing,1
marc vincent libo-on : wonderful thing,1
a google user : incredible,1
rafael vila : challenging,1
daliya sarkar : what a game for time pass,1
m.r gaming : thanks for this game,1
tommy fox : this used to be my favourite game,1
andruya liestyandi : it's name should be maya's adventure coz alto is suck. it would be 5 stars if not hav any bug. several bug was coins sometimes not captured when in highspeed,0
prattush sethi : i returned to this game after 1 year and it has become mote awesome. i like the zen mode very much. the graphics are so soothing that sometimes in the zen mode i intentionally trip and keep sitting there to enjoy the changing colours of the game due to the passage of day and night in it. the music is a treat for the ears and removes any stress of the hectic schedule of whole day. hats off mr. nesbitt,1
sarah garcia : the ads in the latest update have really messed up the game. basically makes it unplayable. either they don't load (so you can't revive your character without spending coins),0
robertgrigg76 : this game was great and the clever way you implemented the ad's didn't take you out of the zen quality of the game,1
kadir malikov : it errors at beginning after last update. the screen freezes with some pixels and some codings for about 5 seconds. and now i can't watch ads for coins it allows to watch one ad only and doesn't give coins. it works any funtion after clicking 2 or 3 times... fix it plz its a great game.,0
nikolay borey : the game is great,1
giorgos tsamis : the game used to be fantastic. i don't know if it's the oreo update or the ads that make it super laggy and almost unplayable (the fact that the ads themselves are intrusive and very responsive helps a lot) but what i have now is a very bad experience in what used to be one of the most fluid games.,0
alen nalic : easy to learn and very responsive controls . simple but pretty graphics and sound (u can play your music app in the background too) you unlock different types of characters (fast one,1
devendra damle : great game but the reward systems do not work based on watching videos do not work. watching ads to get coins has not worked even once. for reviving the character it has worked exactly once. also,0
travis lauver : this used to be a great game. then they did an update and the ads over ran the game. and the watch a video to continue doesn't work anymore. i'd pay .99 maybe 1.99 for the ad free version,0
corey voelker : after recent update,0
sean cotter : great endless runner style game. i loved the quality,1
red cloud : before i say anything,1
ahmed aldoseri : wonderful game,1
dre dan : played this twice on my previous phones,1
christiaan j. b. : this must be the best mobile game to ever be made! if i could i would rate it 6 stars. adding a multiplayer feature,1
etho burrow : look at these reviews,1
b mint : i was playing the display tablet thing at a apple store. saw this game,1
espyn sem : i would give it 5 stars but sometimes if you watch an ad to continue playing after you've died,0
jamie hagenbuch : a wonderfully simple and visually pleasing action game where you snowboard down an endless mountain,1
jett will : overall an amazing game with challenges and characters that i enjoy playing as. i would give it a 5 star review,1
shreyansh jain : for the ones who like a game not just for passing time but also to relax. get drowned in the most beautiful soundtrack on all of play store in the zen mode. and the sounds of rain and birds while skating. amazing. this is by far the most relaxing game i've played. a must have in our apps.,1
shounak : this game is a great mind refresher. going through beautiful landscape with,1
a nice music,1
beautiful sunrise,1
smoothly through all these,1
game,1
matt fryatt : where to begin? with the good i guess. this game is great,1
a google user : very nice game but totally broken continue system. "watch a video" either doesn't do anything,1
viktor taranenko : opens up without issues only after initial installation. when trying to open the game for the second time,0
a google user : i really enjoy this game,1
connor pilatus-coolican : beautiful game and great gameplay. however,1
jumps is off even though the game runs smooth,1
glitches that ruin the soundscape. if these can be fixed or atleast,0
addressed,1
speedepitomised : altos adventure is amazing. racing down on a snowboard,1
brandon buford : would be higher if there weren't as many bugs. the whole screen crashes when hit a rock and crash. and i can't watch an ad to continue,0
divya jotwani : the game is simple and brilliant. i would love to see future updates with better upgrades. also the real annoying feature is video not being able to play during revive and upgrade. please work on this as you are missing your advertising revenue and we are missing our revive.,1
reinis skujenieks : beautiful. a game that doesn't really need a lot of skill,1
sonia zhou : i have no games on my phone and this game is the only one on my phone. i'm not a big game player,1
arif syamsudin : a very amusing and entertaining. the only limitation playing this game is my hand capabilty of holding the handset. a bit of complain. this latest-update version is quite buggy. lots of restarting,1
a google user : this was definitely my favourite game. but then they added all the ads with the new update. now,0
lone walling : this was amazing. see,1
jan ybema : i loved the game since its release back in '15,1
th35leeper : old alto is a masterpiece! i'm on android 5.1.1 (old sony xperia tablet) and the 1.5.1 alto patch made my game unstable. this patch feels like some one who has never played alto is monetizing alto to fund odyssey. i get it and would love to play,1
rachel momof3 : i have been loving this game,1
max pitcher : the only reason this is three stars is because the ads are intrusive and happen after every run. it would be nice if instead it would be a bottom bar or something at the end but when the ad sometimes lasts about as long as i played it gets annoying.,0
sudhangsu debnath : i think this is one awesome game. just except one thing. make the transitions from day to night and vice versa a little slower. rest awesome. keep up the good work.,1
joe hogg : the day/night cycle could be improved ad i feel i'm always playing at night making it hard to see rocks. sometimes menu buttons are slow to respond and the jump backflip controls could be improved as sometimes a jump is nulled with a backflip making it hard to jump chasms. apart from those small issues a really nice way to relax and have fun,1
nhat minh nguyen : can't tell how much i love this game. simple,1
kaelin prusa : beautiful little game. cute alpacas,1
prath : give us more updates on gameplay. waiting for the update. should have a story line or something to spice things up.maybe a career mode would be awesome.,1
ezerium : after i updated,1
jake hallgren : doesn't work on the note 8 smoothly such a shame because i love the game. do this and i'll rate 5 star again,1
paul hatfield : i use to love this game,1
matt vance : pretty fun waste of time. updated the game. now has adds when you start and finish a run. completely ruined the game for me. don't care to see your ads 25x for an hour of game play. will be deleting.,0
avtar singh : awesome game but one problem. you should insert a program that we can play our own music during game play instead of default music,1
phil vance : latest update is frequently hanging after ads,0
mohsen derakhshan : please remove stones & other accidents in zen mode. it would be much more relaxing. thanks for good game.,1
abhijay paul : honestly,1
stuart paterson : absolutely fantastic game. my favourite mobile game. but i can't believe they added these type of ads. they're so invasive and frustrating they completely ruin the experience. there must be another way of doing it? i would pay the premium charge to remove them but that should be because i like the game,0
aj jacob : changing rating from 5 to 2. the revive button is an integral element of the game and has become extremely unstable after ecent updates. most of times it doesnt work and sometime it doesn't revive you even after watching ad.,0
shifu shikder : so bad game i don't llke that game and i love gta 3 pizz grapic 4.3 and game play 4.4 pizz givr,1
bryan wuschke : too many ads on the recent update. now i'm not willing to okay this once great game again.,0
randy luhrs : beautiful game all around. controls are solid. the only thing that bothers me now are the ads =/,0
sterwin fernandez : hey this game really good and music so loved.. it's beautiful motivated one music.. when u play the this that time u feel very relaxing.. super game,1
eric s : when the ads pop up the game freezes for up to 15 seconds. glad i didn't update this app on my main phone.,0
a google user : beautiful graphics,1
hankyul lee : static ads are okay. but either fix the game freezing post opt-in ads or lower the adfree price.,0
manas soni : thus game is very helpful to releasing tention.and other thought. this is very addicted game.and thanx for do zen mod free.,1
jacob johnson : i absolutely loved this game until they ruined it with these ads. this was the first game i got on my phone and i always went to it to just relax but this update has completely ruined it.,0
anthony tsourounakis : controls simple to use,1
pulkit mathur : the game is good but there are quiet a few bugs,1
brian james massimetti : recent update ruined this game based on the volume of the ads. they appear way too often and the purchase value of the ad free game isn't worth the money. rip alto,0
cade : the game is brilliant,1
bharath krishna : every time after i try to revive the rider after watching the full video,0
xander : used to be a great game backed by a developer that didn't force ads down your throat unless you wanted to watch an ad for a bonus or retry. but now it seems the developers have become greedy,0
andrew beaty : this game was fantastic... emphasis on the was. the addition of ads has ruined the game,0
luiz freitas : a recent update introduced very intrusive ads. i'm not against ads,0
hyun soo han : love the game,1
andrew vincent : really nice game. wish you could see further ahead so you can do more tricks without crashing. there are still several bugs that show adds after paying.,0
bodge hubbard : the games is very pretty and relaxing. however there are a few flaws such as,0
andreas bohm : lately there is a really annoying delay with any input. i press the button,0
a google user : very nice simplistic game,1
jestami : it's cool to see such a great game come from such a small company stationed in my home city (saskatoon). keep it up guys. this is my favorite game by far from you.,1
dave price : update has ramped up the adverts substantially,1
david orr : terrific game,1
navindra ryan persaud : clip through power ups and the "watch a video" to revive option glitches and doesn't revive you then just completely stops working. fun game otherwise.,0
a google user : do not buy the premium upgrade. the free version allows you to continue a run twice if you watch an add (like 3 lives) the premium version removes this. i expected the premium to give the revives auto,0
pratyusha amanchi : in all honesty,1
obada ojjeh : this game puts me in a happy mood. i would definitely suggest to play it in zen node (endless),1
carson jones : just picked up the new note 8 and this game is super-jittery on it. lots of playback issues making the game un-playable. with hardware like this,1
a google user : fantastic game but the new ad structure is intrusive and disappointing. i will likely move on because of the ads.,0
a google user : you guys just ruined a game that i enjoyed for the past 2 years in both android and ios. too much ads. its ok to have ads but these is too much,0
stoked artist : i loved the game it's very smooth gameplay is great but is it 3d if it is can y'all make it hd.but please make and hd option and a 3d option in the options menu that would be really helpful if people wanted to play in 3d or hd.,1
matthew dargis : i paid for the ad free version and i just got a pop-up ad. that is not what i agreed to when i paid money for an app i otherwise like. the game is good,1
floppakg : i have this on my windows 10 i pad and everything else it's the best ski game ever,1
sajinth sakthitharan : sometimes after i have watched a video my character just goes through rocks and i can't jump. great game though!,0
ryan thomas : used to be pretty fun but the last update added ads each time you wreck and it's pretty overbearing now.,0
a google user : the music is absolutely amazing. also the game is very interesting and its a new experience. i would suggest this game to everyone.,1
aidan cross : well,1
pridemore : uber relaxing game the zen mode is nice very enjoyable controls are simple tapping the screen or holding easy for anybody to master.,0
daisy vaughn : jump over rocks,1
link 229 : amazing great it's a great way to relax and to just enjoy my time i love it and everything about it it's also great for distracting myself,1
konark vyas : please add some new characters in this.. its a beautiful game and i appreciate it percent.... but i'll love to see some new characters and new missions,1
patrick biegun : amazing,1
yak : beautiful to play. simultaneously challenging and relaxing. beware the premium upgrade: you lose the two free revives. i thought they'd be ad free after upgrading,0
a google user : absolutely stunning graphics -- i could play this game every day and notice something new each time. the music is also enchanting; i listen to the hour-long loops on youtube. definitely worth the download.,0
beefy burrito : i can't change my character please help i'm on android so please fix,1
robbie rolfe : calming way to go to sleep if you cannot get off your phone at night.,0
gordon notawiz gower : you didn't just add a premium ad free option. you added a ton more ads and automatic clicks to force the premium option. fun time waster but now it's just a waste of time.,0
zachary musotto : used to be a great game until adds were added now i constantly lag out mid game.,1
gansta boss : okie,1
katie : beautiful scenery especially when it's sunrise. love the music and when it's raining. also the birds chirping are so relaxing. overall great game!!,1
willy ricardo : uninstalled. this new version just want to feed player with lot of ads. i really enjoyed previous version with less frequent ad. now it like a piece of junk. 1 ad per run.,0
jacob salazar : 5 stars for graphics,1
a google user : such a great game i forgot everything that i'm worried for &free me from stress,1
akash sannyashi : beautiful music and view. smooth and easy control. a great time killer for a lonely person.,1
bozhidar rangelov : i just loved it all around,1
in short bursts if you want.,1
mr. kattan : the game works great on iphone 7 and 7 plus but it is very glitchy on galaxy note8.,1
rune : disappointed at adding advertising and premium to remove them,1
eddard stark : super fun,1
saliha kaa : its amazing i highly recommend this game its so relaxing but still has a very interesting and addictive gameplay,1
molly : amazing game! would play this all day,1
prabal chakrabarty : great graphics and awesome music. i love it. but i have a question. what is the next part off alto's adventure.,1
jamie : loved this game until the latest update. premium upgrade? no thanks,1
samuel dunn : made the in game purchase to remove ads. the ads then returned within the day,1
t walker : have to leave a new review. these guys gave us this game for free,1
angus heath : pretty good,1
lacrima mea : damn,1
omar nassar : it is a very good game like ski safari but calmer and with a mission i just wish when i do a backflip that i don't wanna do that i can tap the left side of the screen and flip the other way like in ski safari,0
dux astrorum : great fun,1
upender sanga : one of the best game on play store. the flat graphics looks fresh and music is awesome,1
shawn sochaski : this used to be my favorite game. but they got greedy. what a shame. now ads ruin the experience. delete!!!!!,0
a google user : very well made,1
erin tolleson : beautiful! these designs and graphics are flawless. it's very relaxing. please make a multiplayer mode! i showed this game to my friends and we all play it now!,1
sarah tonkin : i think this game is amazing. it is really fun,1
rahul chavda : sometimes tap and jump don't work i need to restart game for that,0
maquita williams : this game is amazing if you love partkore and you dont love this game you,1
must be crazy but this is awsomeeee,1
mj truck body dehradun : so bad to know i can't sync my old alto's data.so bad,0
abhik roy : one of the most gorgeous game i've ever played on the mobile. accompanied with simple gameplay mechanic.,1
a google user : very good graphics mix greatly with a lovely music to create a great atmosphere,1
caleb ng : i loved alto it was beautifully made which made it very addictive to get lost in the game. however they recently added advertisements within the game which made it very distracting and a huge turn off. i no longer play.,0
jake : it was a good game,1
sreehari santhosh : nice game play very addictive luv it good graphics remembrence of christmas nd eve,1
gatorade x : dude,1
chris fowler : used to be a great game but they've f*@$!ed it up by adding ads left,0
a google user : beautiful. in zen mode the music us so motivating and wonderful. i love this app the grphicams are amazing and pretty stunning too. love the gameplay characters and cute llamas and it is challenging enough but not too hard. love it!!!,1
sudhamadhuri devupalli : it's a very good game with simple controls and good back ground music and zen mode is simply superb,1
paul little : beautiful,1
abishek pillai : i cant revive alto even after i watch a video its just so annoying nd sometime the video doesnt show up please fix it!!,0
lucas smith : don't pay to upgrade it's a waste of money,1
s g : from the game play to the graphics,1
artemis : great game simple gameplay,1
manpreet juneja : if only i could give an extra star after 5..that's how beautiful this game is,1
brick dude228 : an amazing experience. not surprised it won standout indie.,1
michel kpodo wisdom : i love the game.. it's a nice game and i like the game sounds but i think the character should be a little bigger,1
isaiah bailey : very well made game with beautiful graphics and pleasing music. the background is very well made and not an eyesore,1
pankaj khati : it is a very excellent games and the positive thing that the graphics of the games is pure and good...loving it,1
dillon vandergriff : good game,1
celene reyes : i love this game the graphics,1
runninronin runninronin : have you seen skydancer? i guess if you change pov of the game like it must be awesome. i wonder how llama's ass will look like,1
kennedy keltner : love it!!!!so addicting!!!! i play this awesome game every day and every night. it is also really relaxing for when i go to sleep or when i'm stressed,1
maggie foshee : this is a challenging,1
kobe cuerdo : the graphics are great and all,1
jaiden cloudy : what ? there are now ads on the death screen ? is that some kind of bad joke ? i'd love to rate it 5 stars if there were no ads (excepted when you ask for it),0
keanu kerr : thanks for including a one time purchase to remove all the ads,1
mr greedy : it's a beautiful game with nice graphics and a soulful music with a good sound effects!,1
justin lavoie : very relaxing,1
a google user : so relaxing music its makes me fall asleep sometimes lol,1
jessie lau : beautiful game. the art is amazing and the soundtrack is mesmerising. love it <3,1
shishir tiwari : it ask you to access in your media and photos and to your contact and if you deny it just stop working so please fix it,0
camo kitty : this game is very relaxing and fun to play. i am very glad to have downloaded it!,1
vijay nathan : marvelous game.everything is perfect .must play with headphones .superb work done by devolpers.,1
aaron bobela : all around great game for offline play. great for relaxing too!,1
inwoo lee : tons of lag now after update. please fix,0
musical keyboard : what a amazing game please make number 2 i played this game since it first came out and it was outstanding please make number 2,1
akash george : this game is amazing! the songs are soothing. i would recommend this game to anyone!,1
daven ferranco : okay. running out of money? started puting ads. maybe uninstalling it,1
niamh de bacun : love this game! such a relaxing and fun game with beautiful graphics and an simple interface.,1
lars van lenteren : love this game. but i hate the fact that,1
alex haitch : this is my all time favorite game,1
vijay d. : nice but boaring. nice graphics i like it.,1
a google user : great little game to pass the time. good challenge the further you get.,1
ranjit sahu : liked it overall but the controls would be even better.the best think about it is its addictivness,1
cassie callister : i think this game is really relaxing .the graphics are great and i really love playing this game.,1
anirudh puranik : this game is amazing. very good use of minimalism. gameplay is truly amazing and addictive.,1
princess in yellow : very fun for something so simple,1
marquis mackey : altos adventure is the best game out their ,1
ngima sinki yolmo : one of the best game i have ever played since i bought my smartphone..,1
k.gnanabalamurugan kannaiyan : it's mass natural graphics,1
chaitanya kiran pullela : most relaxing of the games that i've ever played. soothing music. stunning visuals.,1
jaida gehring : beautiful graphics and soundtrack,1
isaac e. : i absolutely love the graphics in this game! it is so fun and looks amazing! beautiful scenery,1
a google user : thiss game has beautiful music. this game is awesome it has amazing controls and graphics,1
jadon granger : it is one of the best games ever for those who like to listen to relaxing music,1
ben burford : love the game,1
jake miller : great game for all ages! really addictive and fun.,1
matheus : such a bad update. you either buy the game or live with all those ads that glitch every and you have to restart. why'd you get so greedy?,0
ollie bradburn : just a fun game to play! simple and loads fast.,1
sergiy slobodyan : great graphics and music is ok. nothing more to say. don't play,1
manjith thundathil : awesome!!! i highly recommend to all..peaceful song and super scenery,1
paul ferguson : a beautifully made game which reminds me of monument valley,1
rakul nandakumar : amazing simply the best game out there hands down,1
vimal ajaguiry : this game is amazing but you have to increase the workshop,1
novdeep singh 002'd' : this game is awesome and the best part of this game is that charming music that gives you pleasure,1
tremane mormon : the games is cool but make altos adventure 2 in the summer background,1
hassan k : i never seen such a great scencry it look like heaven,1
disasterpeace : one of the best games you could ever find on google play,1
bruce neukam : love it it has bad ass graphics and the new updates on r good,1
vahid falaki tabrizi : thank you i hope this game will be better in new updates,1
mark john solver : noodlecake done it! hands down to the best game on the store!,1
jamshaid riaz : alltogether a great game. sometimes touch not work,1
med poets' society : whenever i feel i'm in trouble,1
downtownbrown : excellent game if you just want to relax and enjoy the simplicity of the game,1
cheyenne zaretzki : this game calms my anxiety,1
dillon schreiner : make the graphics a little better plz,1
matthew anderson : it's great! thanks for creating,1
john westerman : play it in airplane mode (hint: no ads) or not at all,0
jamie lilly : super fun,1
saurodeep basak : incredibly relaxing game. well done developers!,1
brandon gresham : very relaxing and fun game,1
mrinal bhattacharjee : one of my favourite game. loved the background music,1
youtube user : very addictive game,1
pravin swain : team alto when is the summer experience comming#odessy,1
stephen shields : extremely fun and has an option to add more fun without the stress of winning.,1
jared miller : fantastic art style with fun,1
a google user : this game is so cool so relaxing to play! :),1
mutayeb ali : the game is all right but i perched the no adds and adds ceep on apiring not ascing for money back just fix this problem reaply,0
hello there : this game is... amazing. well,1
john talbot : beautiful,1
a google user : was an amazing game,1
a google user : very nice game .the graphics is so beautiful.,1
nadeem hussain : fake gps route and go to the right to be a good time to time,1
cat slimes : the great graphics it is really addicting and i llamma,1
adr max : honestly hands down a good go to game when u just wanna chill but with this type of settings with the abandoned buildings and that boy in the snowy field u guys should really make a movie or book and not no real life movie but a cartoon movie thats deep but at the same time fluffy,0
mahobub hossain : love the graphics,1
moooshroom : its legit cause when u think about it its relaxing and it makes me feel rich and active,1
joe bruno iv : soothing and challenging. i'm always progressing. love the characters.,1
worth the coin double-ing.,1
zizin dash : simple game but awesome,1
archkesha : most addictive,1
desperado love : really so awesome & with so excited advanture game,1
vivek ravi : best game ever. really helps to calm you down.,1
sayantan ghosh : awesome addictive gameplay...sometimes you would like to go on playing leaving behind other tasks.....,1
cae watson : meditative and beautiful,1
jason van de laar : thanks so much for the premium option i requested. 5 stars,1
jochen eberhard : was good until they build in the ads..,0
a google user : very relaxing and enjoyable. perfect for evenings after work...,0
rishab shrestha : i loved the game it has great music,1
kanimozhi venkatesan : till now i did 25 backflip.i love this game,1
ghenwa d : why the ads??!!! really? i was in love with this game because it helps me to chill.. now i'm really disappointed.. the ads make me angry while i used to play it to chill.. why did you do this..!,0
naman punyani : the game has got that spark ......it's simply satisfying and a wonderful game to play ....the background tune is so much satisfying....i completely love this game,1
charles rumph jr : its one of the best games i ever played,1
kevin abraham : wow nice game but zen mode that's sooooo romantic,1
chris : good game. ads suck but enjoy the profit,1
shan enterprises : the soultouchable music .beutifull sences .best game for adventire,1
mark farid : this game is really good and i love the background and the music,1
alfred fraison : the game looks really nice and is great to play,1
mr freak : i never got the money earned by watching videos,1
a google user : the best game i played so far,1
a google user : very nice i want to play alto s odysseys,1
duncan say : i've purchased the ad free version but still get ads. what's going on? not good,1
ryan dunn : really relaxing and keeps you interested. really cool game,1
a google user : enjoyable game. used to love the game until the addition of the ads.,1
nari alegre : i love this app,1
joe doss : showed a strip poker game in ads,1
lt fairlady zairi : it is very good make another one,1
a google user : very very good songs in this game woooow,1
in box : what a graphics and game i it very nice,1
sumit das : one of the most beautiful game ever created,1
rajesh s : peacefull and satisfied game with the music on,1
noomi rautavirta : great game love the graphics and relaxing soundtrack,1
ermin ahmetovic : awesome but ads don't show up,1
pat_yee : amazing audio and graphics. well done,1
loona : it the bomb,1
calvin khor : highly recommend this for stress relief - zen mode,1
sr shuvo : awesome graphics quality.. and really a enjoyable game,1
daniel : relaxing and fun. really good game.,1
a google user : one of the goals is to pick up a coin magnet. did so but the game does not register it?,0
shubham nimbal : its a2esome im re installing it,1
yogesh yelewad : great game amazing graphics wow game download it,1
julia parrish : it is an amazing and fun game loved it,1
vladimir rufulea : cool game cant sey nothing,1
paarth tyagi : relaxing game+ best graphics,1
balram hhh : great game and great zen mode,1
gabe bry : i think this game is really good,1
jonathan daro gb ceo : simply amazing good quality graphics,1
aakash champ : overall really relaxing and awesome game,1
lewis dean : really enjoyed this until all the ads,1
cyborg : its an interesting game with good graphics,1
blacklight44 : it is a good game to calm down,1
madam shadow : one of the characters has downes syndrome it's hilarious,1
a google user : in my htc 360 i'm not getting coins after watching the videos plz fix it,0
rahul upadhyay : wonderful game... the zen mode is relaxing and deserves 5 stars..,1
kr kabir : it's a very cool game with amazing graphics & music,1
hatician : its amazing gameplay its very awesome,1
zach terry : repetitive,1
mister cartoonist : best graphics. best control. i loved it.,1
celina ferreira : this is the best game i play.,1
a google user : excellent game,1
a google user : loved the music in endless mode.,1
a google user : best game ever in this whole play store perfect the best,1
subham routray : just can't stop playing this game!!!,1
a google user : fun,1
ghassane gm : *the best and only #relaxing game in the play store (*),1
md daud : i reallly love this game...its graphics is very beautyful and nice....,1
leo bowman : it's incredible. the graphics are great.,1
l j : it's a very good game,1
lxvely xmoon : best calming game ever,1
bhim rai : awesome game thank you.,1
a google user : don't play this game it is very bakwas,1
a google user : superb game...my favourite game android game....thanks for making this beautiful game ....nice graphics...,1
ryxx von wolfie : simply put,1
nicolialee leelee : it's fun and adventurous!,1
silver galaxy : hi.please add persian(farsi)language,1
a google user : i saw it at a theme store i played it on a phone and i'm like oh my god,1
clarissa rodriguez : omg!!!!! loved it!!!!!!the best games ever!!!download it right now!!the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
sayan bandhyopadhay : recommended off course .... overall brilliant performance .,1
lee je in : its really good but kinda need more sound ? i mean more relaxing tone sound,1
or bgm ?,1
gaurav gurjar : awesome game awesome graphics...loved it...never get bored,1
unknown unknown : great graphics... anti stress,1
ryan hunt : awesome game .... simple and addictive,1
asiful alam : it's just an epic. that graphics and that soundtracks!!! mind blowing!!,1
dr.vivekjana thumpingheart. : loved it! one of a kind!,1
bishal adhikary : best game to pass time...,1
arjun vinod : awesome game.... must download,1
shos ann : cool view of background..... awesome,1
tj kinchen : really great game,1
benny d : calm,1
a google user : i love this game.,1
kamruzzaman bappy : it's a great game,1
a google user : it's a good game,1
david burke : it's a good game,1
wonderland shoppe : it's so relaxing,1
terri lynn : one very awesome game 5 stars hands down,1
john wong : i can't seem to purchase anything...,1
aduana panmei : nice game.. no words to say...,1
rb raja : very nice game..,1
a google user : so epic and nice loved it!,1
sasanka abekoon : this is a good game...,1
bigheadjusty : who else played this on windows?,1
serkan yldrm : relaxing game !!!,1
nazmul hasan : great game. period.,1
sergen bostan : game stil good to play,1
dirt devil detecting and adventures : the music is so peaceful,1
ttv manzo : its a great time killer,1
nabil chowdhury : its really nice game,1
barbara baker : it looks so beautiful,1
loziho paul vitsu : must download,1
daily dose of internet : very creative and very beautiful,1
sue davidson : i think it is fun and challenging,1
shamiladam mohdnizam : this game is very awesome,1
a google user : its stupid and crapy,1
ajay rag : addicted to it..,1
tj steffey : it's the best,1
micha szeja : why exactly do i have to buy the premium again???,0
gerald uscamayta : will change rating after developers have fixed the bug that after watching an ad it won't bring me back into the game.,0
a google user : this game iscool and this game is creative,1
primordius 69 : it's interesting,1
s j : simply brilliant....,1
madden goldenking : it's awesome,1
james williams : simplistic but engrossing,1
choice royce : when is altos is odyssey coming out?,1
miko damasco : relaxing,1
damian tiberiu : hate the ads,0
paul km : nice relaxing game,1
swapan hembram : it is fun to play,1
sai ram : just love this game,1
a google user : i love this game,1
shibananda chandan : i love this game,1
mohammad imran : beat relaxing game,1
mohammed kaif : i love this game,1
rohitash bhadaliya : i love this game,1
lasse dippel : easy and nice to play,1
deyar bradosti : great graphics this amazing,1
gopalakrishnan r : 5 stars for music,1
jerico dawson marcos : make an item that plays eurobeat,1
facundo vinas : the game is the funniest in the world,1
calstorm! : this is an awesome game,1
thkillak_manxd : its sssoooooo fun,1
a google user : this game is good,1
a google user : a great game,1
andrew mcclellan : it was fun,1
abdellatif echarji : wonderful music,1
teja reddy : simply superb,1
preshit bhourjar : awesome music,1
ridwan : loved the simplicity,1
s.kishorsundar : simple and addictive,1
d3stroyer t3d : very addictive,1
sadat sanim : the best,1
lucas hardy : work of art,1
aishwarya nautiyal : awesome music,1
dennis : beautiful and ambient,1
crimson typhoon : its good,1
jc albores : so relaxing,1
keith singleton : great game,1
sebastian deberry : it cool,1
prasanna selvam : simply awesome,1
prince rao : where the hell is alto odyssey!????,1
saad mirza : loving it,1
shrijeet panwalkar : relaxing,1
christopher bray : it's asome,1
a google user : it's ok,1
a google user : what a game,1
a google user : cook game,1
a google user : i bought the "premium" purchase to remove ads,1
mila muskic : it is a great game,1
l g : super addictive.like the 3rd life with new update. everything runs like a dream ...except jump controlls freeze after watching a video sometimes. also from time to time ad video isnt available-its would be just fine but cant keep playing till you watch it. please fix,0
brian girten : this game was great. then it recently started showing ads. then it told me to pay to get rid of ads,1
saket patil : okay.. the perfect,1
a google user : was running fine on my phone the latest update (which added very intrusive ads) i cannot run app. i get a "your hardware is incompatible message" after downloading. basically,0
erik wilder : game is actually good,1
john roger amos : i like the game soooo addictive but pleaseeee i advise u guys eho haven't been updating the game pleaseee don't update it because it will only just make you fell annoyed. ads everywhere,0
g : beautiful game,1
george richard jr : failure to initialize. on samsung galaxy s8 plus. have tried uninstalling and reinstalling but still getting error saying my hardware doesn't support this. please fix.,0
ben clark : great game but most recent update introduced premium which stupidly stops players from being able to revive. the workshop offers new items that are supposed to allow you to revive but that does not happen whenever i die. needs fixing.,0
jesse heinonen : overall an amazing indie game. controls are intuitive,1
d smith : it's the most peaceful game i have ever played... however the ads are horrible and i won't play it anymore.,0
sally payne : this game is beautiful,1
joe walker : ad removal cost is way too expensive and ruins the great game experience..,1
a google user : okay i'm totally in love with this game again. all thanks to the latest update which made everything right again. but i don't know one thing. how to escape an elder in the game?,0
anbu moses : i've never played the game but just gave 5 stars for everything..,1
yandi tama : nothing to say about this games,1
chonchol choudhury : everyone must play this game in his life at list for once.,1
manashpr. borah : amazing music relaxing music and with easy controls it's a great app,1
ramesh suthar : i love this game. thx who developed this game,1
reperto fossile : it's a fantastic game and it's super relaxing,1
malcolm crum : beautiful and simple. a master of a mobile game,1
ian k : i love it and have no complaints,1
richard flores : this game is awesome,1
maddison blevins : this is a great game to play!!!!!!!!,1
xoxo xoxo : this game is relaxing and fun and beautiful,1
priyanshu chatterjee : very good and addictive game,1
jamie waldrep : best game in app store,1
a google user : love the gameplay.,1
jtr colardo : calm yet challenging,1
cynthia monsen : it's litt,1
valerio de rosa : last update added ads and the game is downloading megabyte's worth of them before you even have to see them,0
maggie lee : before updated everything was good and i always play the video adv the support the developer. after updated the game just totally lagged,0
ptleojet : oh dear. ohhh dear. i don't know what bugs you were fixing,1
colleen nathalie : help please,1
david taylor : this game is fun and will help kill time in an enjoyable manner. but it gets repetitive rather quickly and definitely needs new goals added as you can get through them rather quickly,1
karl bridges : don't protection rackets use the same business model. we add adverts and then charge you to remove them. enough to make me avoid all your games. i am appalled at the approach you have taken with the latest update.,0
vinicius augusto barbosa sebastiao : the game was better before the last update. name of product are wrong. pixeled trees,0
chris james : hi,1
iain ross : broken with latest version. graphics are corrupted and of course now with adverts that annoy. another excellent game which i will probably not play due to intrusive adverts.,1
azel : the new update has messed it up. i like the app so please fix it asap. thanks,1
roger barnes : badly broken in latest version. ads pop when choosing play again,0
rhiannon h : this is my favorite mobile game,1
ivan gojocco : since the new update the graphics became glitchy and the workshop descriptions has bugs in it. please fix it,0
micah ethier : amazing game but the workshop has a glitch where it doesnt tell or explain what the products are.,1
aya a-j : the recent update has brocken the game. lots of objects slowly become triangles and rectangles making it hard to dodge obstacles because you cant tell what anything is. i loved this game before but its hard to play now.,1
humaid mohamed miakhan : the last update totally wrecked the game. graphics deteriorate over time making it impossible to play. imho it was very good the way it was.,0
ellen battin : this game was perfect until the last update. now the graphics for the coins,0
dinesh kumar vanapalli : after the new update the graphics of coins trees snowfall really got tampered please look into it and get the new release,1
alex clarke : fun and simple. randomly generated so different every time. simple but fun level up system.,1
nico : newest update includes glitchy graphics and super obtrusive video ads! what's not to like?! what was once a great game is being ruined by the company's desperate attempts to squeeze every last cent out of players.,0
emily ye : one word to describe this game. wow. everything is absolutely amazing! i could play this for hours.,1
robert davey : rubbish after latest update. graphics glitch,0
liam packer : what the f*@k!!! this game is amazing!!! but please please fix the advertisement issue and the workshop.. i have everything but the wingsuit on max level,0
shane zanow : hmm ,1
ross quick : best game to pass the time that is available on the play store,1
rafael liborio : this game makes me go faster every jump but with a incredible and relaxing sound track,1
u. tekir : "added premium to remove ads that weren't there before so we also added ads",0
lisa perez : it's an awesome game you should make more,1
andres lezama : really calming game yet fun and has a challenge,1
louis malouvier : was perfect game until the update...graphics deteriorate,1
isaac espinosa : the game was awesome,1
judah tyreman : since the update it's cubes can't tell i jump or it's background fix please,1
kevin gannets : product name this is the product description.,1
a google user : wow what a game very addictive,1
raj singh : when you play this game,1
varun jain : amazing graphics and fun,1
nishchhal bakshi : this is my first ever review on google play store,1
paul sparrow : easy control,1
monsieur meme : incredible game. graphics are beautiful,1
douglas : okay,1
stephen lander : really good game. totally beautiful and fun. for the devs,1
jason carrington : i have never played a more perfect runner. then again i have not played many runners that don't feel repetitive and purchase-driven. this one doesn't - the only extra of necessity is possibly the coin-doubler. the atmosphere is sublime and soothing,1
matthew valdiviezo : this game is really great. absolutely love it. i have found one flaw/bug however: if you are knocked off of your snowboard and fly into a chasm without hitting the ground,1
a google user : it is hands down the most beautifully made game i have played. very pleasant background music,1
lalala hey : well the game is very beautiful,1
jbhawks : simple. clever. amazingly beautiful. it's a game that brings peace and calmness instead of tension and anger. also loved that the game has missions,1
gaming practitioner : possibly the best mobile game i have ever played! just the beautiful handcrafted animation and slick gameplay is so well done. on top of that zen mode is a great and thoughtful addition to get lost in the beauty of the mesmerizing scenery. i can go on forever but to sum it up ijust love this game so much,1
dakshitha wijeratne : well,1
varsha singh : this game perfectly captures the aesthetic beauty of the nature. the changing seasons,1
abigail tan : love the game,1
roaming briton : this game is great. i love it and it deserves the awards it has been given. one problem,1
alejandro arreola-torres : overall a great game. very fun and good for road trips and such. however,1
a google user : beautifully made game and not one you expect to be so pretty and wallpaper worthy. controls are easy to understand and missions are really well balanced. like a mix between jetpack joyride,0
a google user : this game is truly incredible. the scenery is absolutely gorgeous and it makes you feel like you are rushing through the chilly atmosphere of nepal. flawless game play,1
spottus : backflipping is a little hard to do,1
chiyo sumizome : never played anything like this before. love the controls,1
reisy : best game i have ever played on a phone. absolutely amazing! the gameplay is a temple run,1
kathryn cue : like other people said,1
lachezar zahariev : i really dont like there's only a single backflip you can do as a trick and even then you flip like a damn granny.. i cant see many rocks and i find that really irritating. only thing you do is jump over rocks and tap llamas asses basicaly.. the game is fine but not something really great. it has a decent background and an ok menu.,0
abc gamer : oh boy oh boy do i love this game. alto's adventure may belong to a genre saturated with uninspired and dull games but it's simplistic design and tight controls make for an incredible experience:- graphics- alto's adventure may not boast of high res graphics but it's elegant and simply beautiful art style more than makes up for it. controls: the controls are simple but tight and responsive and actually works very well with alto's trick system. it's the perfect example of mobile controls done right(by being simplistic instead of having clunky dpads ) general gameplay and replayability: like many other games of the genre alto's adventure offers a challenge and level up system but it's real replayability comes from its soothing calm nature(best evident in the game's zen mode) ,1
zoe molnar : i love the graphics and its music! challenging and addictive,1
e. feusi : this game is amazing! the graphics and sound effects are smooth,1
rob hofford : love the game,1
david julio wang : tears. this game brings tears to my eyes. it ought to be recommended to anyone,1
werner poetzelberger : the intro with the learning hints is really annoying. you should first let the player play a bit not stop the game every second,1
brian clarke : not what i was expecting. i thought alto was a kangaroo (based on the google play store icon) an this was just another side scroller with a cutesy character to control. had no idea that alto was a snowboarder shown upside down in the icon,0
chew ch : this is the best adventure game i ever have! the graphics,1
chris howden : fun snowboard game,1
d. oliver : played for a few days then game has got stupidly hard to progress as every upgrade costs too much and the wingsuit doesn't appear to do much. there's no indication i've got it in game or when it's activated. the game was great up until you unlock paz then you might as well quit as that's when the above issues happen. more trick types would help rather than just a one button for all moves. i'm probably deleting it now after only 3 days as i'm frankly bored with it.,0
josh montgomery : with the new zen mode added i was able to take in a lot of feelings about this merely simple game. it opened my eyes and reminded me that life doesn't need to be so crazy and stressful. filled with worries about schooling,0
sourish bhattacharya : that is the best game i have ever found in internet. it clearly shows how the sun sets and moon rises up and vice versa. so guys,1
jason : a very relaxing endless runner with a few more twists than the original.,1
definitely a 4 out of 5 game,1
is an in app purchase to remove the occasional full screen ads.,1
unfortunately i'll stick to this one on ios.,1
ting : simply sublime,1
valtteri p : nice visuals and controls,1
william macomber : i really like this game. the art style is very minimalistic,1
dane zeke liergaard : this is the only mobile game i've ever not muted. this is because the music ties perfectly into what i like about this game: it is wonderfully,1
ivan rosenfeld : phenomenal game and incredibly beautiful gameplay. i don't recall downloading a game this good. one minor thing that i don't mind but i just want to state is: the landing after a back-flip. devs can you take note about making the turning radius a bit faster or the area of the snowboard larger?,0
t.t. perez : love the game! it's very clean and smooth. not too loud and busy like some other games,1
jack blanchard : overall great game,1
nithin thomas : loved it so much,1
robert hundrieser : ok i'm not one for online reviews mostly because people will ignore it but this game changed everything. this is the most gorgeous mobile game i've played. the scenery is so beautiful i sometimes get lost. haha the music is so peaceful and calming that i dont mind listening to the sounds while playing. i love how it doesn't spam you with ads everytime you die. it's a simple endless runner with amazing graphics and music. i love the sense mode. i can play for hours!!! it's seriously a must download!!!!!,0
nande donny : it is so awsome and relaxing. i mean,1
nerdikon : this game is by far my favorite,1
syam lal : thumbs up to developer of this beautiful game. great idea guys. especially the background music are a treat to listen. those transition from sunrise to sunset and then to night just blown my mind..i have played a lot of games...but this is the first time a game had given me both visual and audio treat together.. my favorite is playing in those night time when moon is glowing up and i just skii away and away... just one glich i had is that,0
unknown user : i love this game. i love the artstyle,1
abigailfails : the aesthetics are amazing and the controls are really intuitive,1
a google user : its sad to see that after watching stupid videos of other games to revive a character your app gives me a blank screen instead of resuming the game. this has happenend one too many times and has disrupted my scores and goals. fix it,0
adeeb imthiaz : an amazing game a beautiful and simple interface and controls. the effects like lighting are marvelous and simple. the music is also really relaxing and beautiful and it's such an amazing game :),1
roy thirstly : wonderful,1
fun game. but on the app icon,1
right to left,1
front flip. in the game,1
your scarf goes from right to left.,1
ric gibson : this has been my go-to game for months now. many others have come and gone,0
russell fletcher : very zen game with great gameplay to boot. one odd glitch is when playing following using chromecast,1
andrew cook : fun simple and really relaxing...i love the music and the day night transition could you please put a story mode to it... but we (the players) would have to do something to unlock it and that players can choose which mode they want p.s. i lice your zen mode,1
fabi cellini : this game is a beast. i really dont play games in phone but this is good to cut my time. so simple and stylish. i like the graphics and background. night theme is nice,1
louis strydom : probably me favorite game out there. have had this app for almost a year. still love it. the music and sound effects is one of it's best features.,1
abhinav rathore : simple but intuitive game...with brilliant gameplay and specially the weather effects. please add facebook login option so that we can compete with our fb friends. also see if multiplayer can be added. by the way hats off to u guys who made such a brilliant game !,1
logan teague : this game is so relaxing... it's my go to after dealing with a load of stress. the music is fun and adventurous,1
dexter-john bridge : amazing game. deleted the app,1
kai : nice clean game. just one big issue is the part of the gameplay at night. it's straining on the eyes. wish we had an option to play in daytime only.,0
christian reyes : most addictive game i have ever played,1
reinie mck : i think it could be better. i don't really like the controls. it's difficult to actually jump over the "chasms" or deeps...because i can't even swipe through so that alto can increase his speed right there. don't disappoint us noodlecake. the tricks are very poor,1
ayden rusher : this was the most beautiful game i've ever played. you should wear earbuds or headphones no matter what mode. i think this game deserves an award for prettiest game,1
nadine miller : the only issue i have is that i have is the dark screen. its hard for me yo see. otherwise its a great game.,0
john r esaknder : one of the best and most beautiful games i have ever seen in my life. the controls are great too. the ads are not annoying and are not obligatory.,0
nadir : completed all goals,1
but i loved it all the way from beginning to end.,1
a google user : amazing graphics and audio effects. sometimes it's difficult to spot the player but otherwise it's great in terms of graphics an performance.,0
jamie wood : it was wonderfully peaceful and relaxing. when i needed a break or wanted a distraction,0
marta szydowska : the game is just wonderful. starting from the simple,1
haley flk : i completely love this game,1
taylor pio : fantastic core gameplay that i just keep coming back to. most mobile games don't offer enough to hold my attention for more than a few days,0
pal singh mann : omg ....such a good game. the game is so beautiful the sceneries are so gorgeous that u feel like u r there. above all the music is so sweet and calm. whenever like i am stressed or tired i just put my headphones on and i am relaxed like i am on a vacation. thanks....for this amazing game. keep up the the good work.,1
alicia jacquelin : this game has saved me from so many awkward situations,1
nekoreapurr : i get the realism of the water making you faster but i'd prefer glowing arrows that could be placed on snow or ramps to make people zoom.,1
thomas lalo : too much down time with controls when you move slowly,0
jared onisukaification : they are curious,1
jeri 2.0 : i'm speechless this game is gorgeous,1
doug finlay : works great on my op3 but have noticed recently that magnets don't always work now. that is both new magnets picked up and top up magnets when already in the mode.,0
prabhat gupta : this is undoubtedly the best game that i have ever played. the game is brilliant to go into that calm and composed side of you. zen mode in particular is outstanding.,1
usman khan : "the best game of play store" gameplay graphics so good but man running it so small place fix this little bit bigger but i like small to,1
busayo jacobs : this is the most beautiful,1
boden hurst : beautful aesthetic,1
a google user : this game is awesome along with the graphics and gameplay. but all i think needs to be done is more snowboarding skills and power ups. but this game is great!,1
anet t : the game is beautiful but it has some weird bugs that were not there the first time i installed it. for one,0
the zucchinis are on fire : this really is a way to spend time when you're bored. the soundtrack is amazing and really calming,1
drew pador : i wish that the challenges would roll through continuously after you have achieved the 3 for the level. has a good run but after i completed the challenges riding is pointless.,0
chaitanya sampara : its a wonderful game. the controls are very simple and gameplay is smooth. the graphics(though unrealistic) are splendid.,1
joel green : this game is the best infinite runner available in android right now. there are no intrusive iap or ads,1
g po origin : really great game,1
mystical gamer : this is a really beautiful game. a great way to let out stress so you can relax. great job at making this amazing game.,1
suman nath : i love this game all good in this game . what i fill only one think need to be improve that is alto need to be little bigger and visible. when alto run fast that time it's make little problem because of alto size.,1
alex andraos : i'm addicted to this game,1
clayton jensen : my favourite game to play now!!! relaxing gameplay,1
charlotte r : i love this game it's so surreal and the graphics are amazing. one thing is you should add a mide where you can change the time and day or maybe have that option in zen mode as well as the option for a cycle.,1
dossy : this game is the best if you just want to relax. when i first played it,1
hrusikesh kumar : good game. has the best kind of minimal graphics. but you might get bored easily,1
bg l : beautiful! great artwork,1
neeko : hands down the best arcade game i have ever played on mobile after years of google play and apple store use.,1
himanshu sahu : it's awesome game.i specially love the zen mode it's free of tention and calm myself. also the targets in each level is very interesting.,1
carl : beautiful game. love the soundtrack,1
q jr : i never never played any game like this. that is awesome and if i used true word then that is great game with every perspective. well achievement in gaming industry.,1
emily quinto : honestly,1
jason g : incredibly addicting,1
capybara king : it's an awesome game that lots of people can play by just tapping the screen. also the grafics were amazing i love the bit were you get chased. let's just say anyone can play it and it's an awesome game i also recommend it to everyone that likes tapping games,1
milena z : i was blown away by the quality of the art in this game. i really like the minimalist design and the over all feel if the game. unlike many free game it isn't flooded with ads,1
insom i keep calm : by far one of the most amazing endless runners i've ever played! even endless runners aren't your plate of cake it's still worth checking out and exploring the world of alto.,1
icetamer : i downloaded when it first came out. loved it but i unistalled because i stoped play. i'm playing again and i still love it.,1
11ca1 - 17 - ngo ngoc ngan : the control is so confusing,1
ivan saw : amazing job. loved it. it's not just a game but also art. soothing music is just perfect. love the zen mode. great game. nobody creates games like these. it's soo relaxing. please create more games like this. keep up the good work,1
elijah cone : this game is awesome. great visuals,1
saurabh singh : i am sad that there are no 6 stars to rate this game. great work by the developers specially the music and the graphics are just awesome.,1
beatrice becker : this game litteraly changed my life. this litteraly took away all my stress. its a beautiful game,1
not rich : u will feel sad when u lose . because u can't watch the awsome view any more .,1
rohit lal : simple and relaxing i just lost myself in other dimension while playing. not about addiction but about peace,1
a google user : omg it's great. a bit hardish like the old guy chasing you and stuff but otherwise super fun,1
ellie comstock : there is a lag on button press after crashing on my galaxy s8. please fix i love this game,0
jack love vlogs : sound quality just awesome,1
shitin sahu : awesome game. however,1
anand suresh : its one of the best games i have ever played,1
nathan henrikson : this is a great game. it has soothing music and beautifully simple graphics. i'd love to see it expand with new music,1
logan parenteau-sugden : amazingly beautiful. if you don't like this game something is wrong with you its beautiful,1
gage : my favorite mobile game paid or free,1
meridian - vivek : being forced to see ads is a biiig put off and sets off all the work they have done in the game.,0
xfi izzi : can anyone tell me how to double jump,1
dcnc metalworks : this is the best game i have ever played on a smartphone. zen mode is perfect. and the challenges are just as fun. love it!,1
salmonan : just great,1
nirav shah : pleasant game with beautiful graphics and music,1
abi : its a awesome and addictive game. the mountains and snow swipes me into the lonely place.... just needs improvement in its graphics. loved it,1
gurkanwar singh sra : can't sync the progress through different devices,1
athreya : when i take my head phone and play this game. the music and sound effects and scenaries take me away from this rushed world ...i am not in concious when i play this game... its takes me back to the childwood. .adn dreams...,1
shivam yadav : i can improve the graphics it gives a trip when i get high seriously it damm obviously its 2d but it doesn't concern i like it,1
jerry oheneba - kusi : i thought this game is really good because it's a good time killer because i started at 6:00 stoped at 8:00 and only felt like 10 minutes.,1
soosan : very addictive but also relaxing. i love the graphics and the art and the soundtrack i think it's all gorgeous. i like that the zen mode was implemented as it caters to a wider audience with that feature.,0
kaleb johnson : excellent game. will keep you busy for days and weeks. not as much fun once you beat all of the goals but it takes a while to get there.,1
jrive183 : incredible and simple gameplay. the audio quality is unbelievable for both music and the game itself. the devs put a lot of work and effort into this game and it really shows. easily 5 stars.,1
zachary smith : it got boring after about 30 minutes becuase it felt the same. also the upgrades cot to much. its a cute game though.,1
finley fellows : i absolutely love this game. i accidentally deleted it once and couldn't find it. but here it is! yay!,1
jasmine greene : used to be annoyed i couldn't listen to my music and listen to game sounds. but i got used to either my music or the game music/sounds. now even when i turn the music/sounds off,1
manoj jangra : this game is awesome to play . have some bugs which i found. please increase flip speed and jumping problem is there at some points and a bug or restart at the same point after watching video when the player is in ditch it stuck there after survivng.,0
yung jello : amazing game!the controls are easy and the game itself is pretty fun!definitely a 5 star game.although,1
blue scar : you should add weather where there is snow falling and there is like a level of snow. but i do the game.,0
alanna johnson : i would give this game more stars,1
a google user : brilliant! as someone with anxiety,1
haumi lamare : this is the most beautiful game i've ever played on my phone. i cried listening to the beautiful music in zen mode,1
a google user : it is relaxing,1
sourav banik : with a pixel like not so detailed graphics also an addictive game can be made,1
dark horse : the most melodious,1
s r : this game makes me calm down,1
a google user : the game has a good sound and graphics also like the small detailing this game is awesome for the pass that's why i'm giving it five stars,1
kimberly julia duffield : calming and relaxing environment allows me to relax and enjoy while spending minutes perfecting my new character and skills. reaction time,1
willys vandestio : this game is awesome yet relaxing. the only problem is i think is whenever i dash too fast with either izel or tupa,1
rajashri shinde : nice game,1
henry swann : a game that made me fall in love with what mobile gaming can be again. gorgeous,1
a google user : the new zen mode is so relaxing. and for me this is the most elegant and exquisite game which give me another feelings of solitary. thank you,1
chad denard andrada : this game is really great. the controls are simple and it's a good time killer. it even looks more beautiful if set on full screen on a galaxy s8.,1
ej m : great game,1
farah malik : i love it it is so amazing. i never get bore with it.i hope you will make more games like this one.,1
raunak chhatwal : it's a really good game when you just need to distress and forget about your worries for a little while,1
nurpus : the best mobile game. the only bad thing is that there's not enough of it.,0
lrke ackrey pedersen : at level 51,1
aquaholic : absolutely stunning game. the graphics are spectacular yet simple,1
rohan kumar : superb game. been addicted since first day. but new updates have made the game and touch jump highly insensitive.,1
david flagg : beautiful game but very repetitive. it cycles through day and night so at (game) night you can barely see what is going on.,1
progamertv : i was looking for peace calming mind games,0
1036 qistie : i think i finally founded the game that make me feel calm. especially the sound congratulation to the director; ryan cash,1
s4n5 wilson : there is no way to describe this game. it is beautiful,1
nick a : where to start with this game. the music is spectacular,1
ali hassan : this game is good but something is missing. you get bored easily,1
shivam shah : you should have to do importants in the controls and the obstacles are very small to see you should increase the obstacle size,0
rafael santos : very easy to pick,1
fancy taco : i really like the game,1
ash : the ambient music,1
itsnatasharaina : actually i always not give my reviews bt this game just make me to write my review... its awsm game n so good and the best part about this game is the zen mode n earphone recommendation the background music is so motivational i just love the beats...love it,1
erick orallo : the sound as you glide through snow on your board is very relaxing and the gameplay is simple enough to enjoy. i do encounter occasional bugs where touch controls to anywhere else works except for the jump. restarting the game works but i hope you fix this soon.,0
gee berg : looks nice but the gameplay itself is nothing new. don't really understand why it's rated so highly when the market is saturated with these sort of side scrolling games,1
anamika sharma : this game is so use ful to me . i have to be the worst player . but still it is so epiiic,0
adelaine andres : best game i have ever played on a mobile. it's so simple yet so immersive. each time i play there's always something that makes me appreciate how well-developed and thought-out alto is. from my aesthetics and gaming-loving heart,1
keyvan chibaee : the graphics are awesome but i didn't get on well with these controls they're simple but not professional... (totally good game),0
ben skywalker : boring and dumb overrated game about a kid with poor snowboarding skills who gets murdered by a serial killer/pedophile for no reason usually ends in a tragic death of kid.,0
blazingbirdy : this is by far the most amazing mobile game i have ever played in my whole life. the graphics,1
chris godwin : have never reviewed anything,1
saurabh agnihotri : game is quite good,1
gaurav das : one of the most addictive and immersive games i've ever played...it is certainly a keeper once you've installed it....a must download and i can bet you're never gonna feel like uninstalling it,1
dylan carter : fun and easy to pick up and play,1
jason guevara : a beautiful and amazing game with such calm music plus it reminds me of playing sonic adventure 2 battle. :),1
zakariya talab : a beautiful game with amazing gameplay. simplistic yet addictive,1
dino mari palanca : so beautiful. makes you feel so peaceful and free especially during zen mode. thanks so much. there should be more thoughtful people like you out there!,1
caitlyn porter : i used to play this game all the time a while ago and i really loved it but i just recently re-downloaded it and i can't get past the tutorial. every time i get to the chasm jump i die and i've tried everything i know to get past it. i wish there was a way to skip the tutorial.,1
puru raj singh uppal : a great casual game to play for fun and enjoyment. fills you with positivity. try the great zen mode to relax by enjoying the flow of calm music and beautiful scenery passing by!,1
shinobu hagakure : after reaching level 61,1
shane lyden : sooo easy to control. i can't wait for some more unique characters and power ups in the next update too!,1
ranyodh singh 057 : omg this game is crazy . i do review of games very rearlly but this game forced to do that so . its amazing game . i recommend everyone to play this game . i enjoyed it very well and i hope u all gyes will also enjoy this game very nicelly.....,1
pinheadlarry : very addictive. a really great way to pass your time. also i have to say,1
anabear : there is this glitch where once you blow the illama and crush,1
gilson khert sabile : i really really love this game,1
raffarrazzi rafy : nice game. i wish there was a paid version to avoid annoying ads. i hate ads! thats why i gave you 4,0
brcc : overall a very nice game. it has beautiful graphics even though they aren't highly detailed. it is a very relaxing game too so it is great to play anytime :),1
mohnish pujari : a simple calming game which isn't difficult to get addicted to. but playing this game for more than a year now and still not bored.,1
daniel mildon : great solid game that is fun when you're bored. doesnt have ads,1
mr invisible : it keeps crashing on me when the reindeer guy starts chasing me,1
aegis 045 : a simple fun game. the soundtracks and simplicity of the game make it very relaxing,1
thedruckmusicgames : i like games with rats. there were no rats evident in this god forsaken pile of manu bennett fecies. for the love of chin chin at least put one rat in the game. and who the heck was that pirate in the fourth level?! he was without a doubt the worst pirate i've ever heard of. (but i suppose i have heard of him at least.) i just want one damn game with a rat infestation! is that too much to ask?! and to whomever thinks this game is good,0
hina asim : it's a fun little game where you get to do cool tricks and it can really calm you down if you have a lot of stress,1
karma : its so relaxing with the and but its fun and when u see the deers running or what ever they are u feel happy they best thing is there are no adverts and it's not a competitive game so u don't get angry u just feel relaxed instead,1
giovanni hipp : this game is one of my new favorites! it's fun,1
benoit filion : one of the best games i've ever played on a phone. it's really a nice time killer and can be quite relaxing as well. the graphics are awesome. must try!,1
asokan perumbully : when i started playing this game,1
carlos r : i love the zen mode. beautiful background music and sounds. you can play forever without worrying about your score or falling,1
cyka blyat : just add the setting to remove night mode,1
esther barnett-moody : it's the best game ever! though i have passed so many levels and i am the best player in my whole family.,1
incredikad x : this is one game that has lasted during the years of deleting all others. zen mode was a huge +. i really hope this game continues to evole and does not ruin what made it an awesome game! i never get bored with this game.,1
benjamin mark daley : what can i say . impossible to stress with this games it has cool movement and positive music to ease you into the groove . and a zen mode to sit back an relax too i use it after work with a burbeon,0
christopher thome : easy to learn game play that ramps up the challenge as you improve. graphics are artistic and beautiful. this game is addictive to say the least!,1
21 feminist : alto's adventure is simply breath takingly beautiful. and i can say without a doubt,1
quadfly360 : really do love this game but since last update it's been a bit glitchy. don't think it's my phone!,1
farhanah hussain : great game,1
tristan alexander : this is one of the best games i've played in android and plss make more new characters.. this game is awesome,1
daedalus mdw : lost my data,1
irfan qureshi : if you were moving from ios to android. and,1
tim bauer : really fustrated when the video to keep going fails so you spend the coins to keep going and then the pop up says video unavailable when you are playing. then you crash,1
jonathan varghese : the new version rocks man . i am very pleased with the game ,1
damian ganzolo : it's a very calm game never seen a game with these type of graphics either even the sound is really calming,1
j. cerda : add these 2 features please! 1) save replays 2) race against a friend. once you die during the race,0
joseph anderson : this game is for anyone of any age and is time consuming. i love this game!,1
sameer verma : this game just blown my mind! awesome graphics! the beautiful background music are a treat to listen. loved the transition of day & night. hatsoff to the whole team.,1
trent w : just finished the game! not many games i've played for this long. once you get the wing suit is gets pretty addictive. love the mix of 3d and 2d graphics,1
harvey silverson : it's a good game,1
dylan raftery : amazing! the best way to unwind after a tough exam! for me,1
vivek patel : what makes this game beautiful is its minimal graphics and mesmerizing background music . the zen mode is awesome. can you please add support for music playback even when device is locked? that will make this game super cool,1
t h o t s l a y e r : it's a really nice looking game,1
a google user : it's awesome game when you are bored and it works without internet. it's simple sweet,1
shreyansh nawlakha : probably the only endless run that i like to play when i need to relax. the,0
music is very pleasant! this has a very simple gameplay which is its usp. i,1
think that introducing a story into it would make it complex. the game is,1
good as it already is!,1
jaswant singh : the game is very relaxing. other games make you stressed when you don't win but this game is quite different.,1
deb nicole : so relaxing! great if you have anxiety,1
a google user : i loved this game. finished all 180 goals in a few weeks,1
sachin mahesh : mind soothing. the background music is soo relaxing and the sun rise and the sun set is just wow. you have to try this game,1
daniel rocque : simple but addicting,1
drake hipple : the game has amazing graphics and with the different characters and amazing and soothing music,1
bee hay : i love the game. made it past the tutorial mode,1
shashank murjani : it's such a relaxing game. the background music is superb and i loved the zen mode.,1
bret kempler : my son loved to watch me play this from age 1 to 2. before bed to wind him down.,1
a google user : the app is simple to use yet provides enough of a challenge to keep you engaged. the scenery and attention to detail to something like the lights turning off at sunrise or llamas jumping to dodge you really add to beauty of this game.,1
the kingsident : been playing for three days. it's got great graphics,1
kinga : i signed into the game again and apparently all my progress was reset,1
a google user : cannot wait for alto's odyssey. never have i seen such gameplay on a 1 gb device. no lag or frame skip. one of the best games out there. also the music and graphics are top notch.,1
steward : good graphics,1
tom ya : this game is different from the others in a good way,1
cyida xehra : there's no way to escape an elder to save a character until he hits you & you die.... & the character is not able to jump high over a great distant chasm...& the trial never comes to an end that's all are the failure of your game.,0
amit parhi : the best game in playstore i have ever played. graphics and smoothness is awesome. and the best part is its music. wow!!!! i have completed the whole journey of 22hrs playing zen mode w/o any fatigue. thanks for the beutiful piece.,1
e simons : its so amazing! realistic views and such amazing music! way better than subway surfers,1
john capolino : nice graphics but really boring. more about reaction time than skill.,1
stephan bezoen : it's really a fun game to play,1
a google user : the game looks amazing and plays well but the background objects clutter the screen making the intractable objects hard to see.,1
santanu dey : no offence but,1
rosie : this game was absolutely beautiful,1
rodney griffin : playing continuously on zen mode with the beautiful score representing day/night is a truly wonderful experience.,1
shaquwan smalls : very relaxing and fun. i would play this all day long if i didn't have to work,0
sasha feighner : i adore this game! its great for anxiety relief and just fun all around. some of the buttons dont respond consistently but its not annoying enough to really detract from the game.,1
lukas holtkamp : this game is beautiful. the graphics are nice,1
g tech : *was* a great game but after the recent changes i cant recommend it to anyone. when will people/developers learn? if it's not broke its best not to change it.,1
kayliaf : i mostly loved this game,1
unsensible mischeif : zen mode is quite possibly the best thing to ever come out of a mobile game.,1
kara danaher : such a relaxing and addictive game with a lot of effort put into the graphics (which runs very smoothly) i hope in the future there's added actions you can control whilst playing. also,0
some stranger : kudos to developers for a great game. just need a bit of tweak with frequent updates,1
dattatraya shembekar : really great game best ever mood fixer really really loved it... no words really! just outstanding! but please make the normal mode music even better..,1
nishant mistry : i have completed the entire adventure! best game i have ever played! this game,1
a google user : this is a lovely game and i really enjoy playing it,1
maria v : my favourite game ever! i have surpassed level 50 and i'm still playing! one thing i want to say to the developers is that while the llama horn is in effect and you smash a rock,1
ritochit barua : hats off to the developers for such a lovely game. it is so relaxing and immersive... thank you especially for the zen mode: an absolute stress buster. and also thank you for the brilliant soundtrack. keep up the brilliant work. cheers!,1
andrey voznyuk : amazing graphics,1
domenico savio : bad. bought the game but still need to watch ads.... worst gsme ever,0
a google user : zen mode is the best thing ever invented. feels like a dream.,1
issam messaoudi : first off cuz that hovering thing is not only usless but it prevents you from collecting coins and llamas .. second: apart from completing certain missions,1
tyrique white : a really great game and all but i think they should add tricks to the game like grabs and etc.,1
jason thomas : stuck once i unlocked the final character ,1
jyothish kk : cool game.so calm gameplay.really like the background music.i extremely liked it. thanking you for such a wonderful experience,1
a google user : i think the graphics are ok but it could be better would be nice if the tricks wasn't so basic and simple as well,1
nick murray : needs an option to only have daytime mode. if you are playing in the sun even with brightness at full you can't see anything when it's in night scene.,0
michael soutar : love this game but for crying out loud why is there no paid option to get rid of the ads? give me 3 lives to start with or something,0
joshua vannall : makes you think about home ur real home and where u come from its a fun and relaxing game,1
wanda scott : when i play it feels like i am the charter and snowboarding the whole would,1
allan joshua : when i play this i have no concenration in other work it is very additive,1
kashika kownden : great game. it let you start again at least 5 times before you had to watch a video. amazing!,0
preyansh bhupal : the melody,1
nishant sharma : i am in love. i want to be in this game. thanks for the zen mode. the feel the music. it's beautiful and its my favorite game.,1
buzz lightyear : have never been so blown away by a mobile game,1
tathagata sinha roy : best game played in 2017 so far!! graphics,1
a google user : this game really helped me with my adhd especially on the road,1
nick rush : its gay do not buy it kidding its really good,1
kratosand zues : this game could not be better it sounds realistic and the gameplay is good 9/10,1
mary jenkins : best to pay this in the fall and winter,1
john smith : if i was a pro at this game i will give out all of my fidgets !,1
adoni : these game is awesome it is similar to ski safari but these is grate . oh and it have nice graphics,1
anamaria basic : this is by far the best free game ever made. the music,1
tyler crane : i wish the flips were faster. everything after that is awesome.,1
pranay jyoti maitra : this is a beautiful game espicially when played in zen mode in headphones.i love this this game. this also make me nostalgic.. really a luving game,1
jan luka maticic : it's the best game i've ever played in months. the music is relaxing and the movement smooth. i'd very much like if you would add an update. keep the good work and make more games,1
a google user : it is a fun game. i don't like to play it for long periods of time,1
mxses : this game is awesome. but someone please tell me how to jump the stupid chasm!!!!,1
nick : played this a lot,1
martines jr namingha : it's a really fun game that looks great and plays great! i constantly find myself playing it over and over again.,1
m g : beautiful everything about this game is wonderful soothing and just simply amazing definitely something everyone should try.,1
finn // toni d. : i love this game! it is a nice time killer and an all around beautiful game. i would like to make a suggestion. when you unlock a new character,1
edy pramono : the obstacles really hard to notice. but overall really nice game.,1
richman nwosa : the zen mode soundtrack just took this game to a whole new level! definitely my game of the year. played this game for 3 days straight (just took lil breaks to eat and bathe)!,1
ian fergus : this is a beautiful mobile game that doesn't get boring. i play this when i have nothing to do.,1
abd elrahman mohammed : watching ads for money button stops working after reaching an advanced level,0
abdullah nasir : set up your gameplay to full screen on s8+. it screen size is not full on my phone.,1
louie cafarella : just an absolutely stunning game. noodlecake has once again proved they're one of the best game makers in existence. might we see a sequel? one can dream.,1
a google user : brilliant and relaxing game is so awesome.i am not good with the jump.,1
saransh khurana : good game i love the zen mode. endless surfing and the lovely music makes it feel good,1
kshitiz : lovely game,1
p sk : hmm nice but jumping over gaps is little difficult overall a nice game,1
laura grace : beautiful,1
corey shaughnessy : the game is great,1
splndid nrzy : omg this game is just awesome. i'm falling in love with it.,1
mr. parkour : it's okay,1
winnie li : amazing game but i wish they would add more things such as a different landscape,1
jon ozolins : it's a beautiful game that lets the aesthetics get in the way of gameplay. the day/night cycle looks nice,1
victor isa : this game is absolutely amazing,1
zlatko g : beautiful vsuals,1
swat_wave : the only thing i can say about this game is that it is absolutely amazing,1
moggy : great mobile game all around,1
varenya : simple game play,1
kaloyan ivanov : there was an issue with it but after the upgrade the game is back to amazing.its a great relaxing game and the music is just perfect.,0
naim shaikh : satisfies the soul. zen mode track reaches the very depth of heart. best game in it's class.,1
leena ali : everything is in your control and it's a very addictive game it's has a very calming music and it's has many beautiful place it's realxing and challenging,0
micah burton : so relaxing... heaven to my ears and eyes... now excuse me i have a game to play.,1
a google user : it slows you down when you get to the ramp that's why it's hard to cross over,0
kekeli eni : amazing game,1
kishan mehra : what a good game is this! i like the graphics and all. superb you are beyond world! hats off to you,1
ryan fernandez : really good game! the zen mode is epic! beautiful music too! you must try it with headphones!,1
sarthak sharma : this is a game that made me cry with happiness great job folks,1
shysie vreeman-runge : i love this game but it won't let me jump at all. i can't really play this game if i can't jump.,1
sam : smartphone gaming doesn't get much more relaxing.,1
mike rubes : really great game but i can't see the rocks or anything very well could you mabye make the rocks a dark gray and the trees a dark green please,1
umesh khurpe : i love this game. thank you guys for such a wonderful game. all best wishes for your life.,1
a google user : it's really cool i strongly recommend to play this awesome gameplay app!,1
jothilakshmi s : everybody tells complaints about the ads so please remove them,1
michael vella : this is the best mobile game i've played so far!,1
brendan kelly : one of my favorite games ruined by introduction of ads. instant uninstall.,0
samantha tus : i like it but there is one problem... i can sometime's land but it's a bit hard of landing :),1
ron p : too difficult to see the rocks. asking for invasive permissions.,1
mia : oh i loved this game it's so relaxing and fun i play this game everyday now that's what i call relaxing !!!,1
ben bright : gorgeous visuals! i cannot stop playing.,1
gershon nisperos : game is beautiful,1
m fahmie : try to add cloud save so people can sync to other phone.keep it up :d,1
peggy nance : i can't jump across the the cliffs. help please.,1
captain sanders : a stunning and relaxing game. great visuals,1
muneeb ahmed : it's simply a great game !!! if someone asks you what is the definition of fun say him to download and play alto's adventure,1
ian waruguru : i'm speechless. this game is one of a kind,1
d m : well the place is amazing in this game it creat some lovely feelings.,1
thomas george : wonderful game but can get boring but still great,1
mohit bhatter : awesome game. you don't get bored because of new challenges at every level. good job....... hats offf,1
abdulrahman magdy : to jump the chasm you should do a back flip,1
the saiproductions : definitely worth playing,1
bib media : the gameplay and specially the background music is just awesome they give me goosebumps,1
giovanni : amazing game,1
jordan scarrott : most relaxing android game i've played. great music,1
jesse gabriel : this game is awesome and fun and it's super relaxing. please download this game. its a great game that deserves your download,1
andrew cooper : one of the greatest mobile games ever made. can't wait for the sequel!,1
lovish pandey : what i really liked about this game is its music...it's just so soft relaxing and sweet to ears,1
michael spillane : the watch video to revive you does not work. :(,0
joel cramer : insane game in all my phns i have this game because it is such a good game,1
a google user : lots of hype about nothing. try it. i did,1
abhishek kumar : no words nice to play and rexal to hear the music,1
linda yattaw : worst game ever dont waist your time,1
justin michael : the gameplay,1
arnav ultron : it's simple and beautiful game it does not frustrate me and best of all is the zen mode,1
jai raj : i love this game. it's got a really soothing music and a decent proper game concept,1
sankar bej : this game is truly amazing. it's beautiful,1
duncan sauer : i love this game its graphics and easy controls. the simplicity of it is wonderful.,1
christopher wallgren : really fun game to play while you have free time :),1
jahomiejude : best infinint runner game ive played!! much better than subway surfer.,1
dan porter : fantastic game,1
a google user : totally loved it. smooth game play and comforting music. zen mode is peaceful.,1
kumar b n kumar : foolish app and there are no proper goals for adventure,1
nicolas mcdonald : this game is fun unlocking new characters and completing the goals. the goals get harder as you go!,1
allen sulzen : this is literally my favorite game. i'm so glad jack black invested in it.,1
austin a : fun game. wish there was a bit more to do. great graphics and characters.,1
shreyas : amazing and easy game while also being challenging. simple controls and offers hours of fun.,1
a google user : i love the scene it looks so real! it's really awesome you should try it when you get a chance,1
a google user : this game is a work of art. a true masterpiece that brings peace to the players.,0
fernando perez : an all around beautiful game with a simple premise. i would recommend this to anyone!,1
pontus weden : great timesink,1
mm m. : amazing game! i hope to see new characters and other updates!,1
yash chauhan : thank you for x86 update package. now game runs constantly smooth.,1
cayden johnson : best all around game i've ever played for mobile.,1
christine van niekerk : this game is so calming and beautiful. i love the music and it just makes me so happy.,1
jon h : very relaxing only occasionally frustrating. i usually use it to unwind,1
a google user : perfect!!! the music is so relaxing,1
skobisco : love the game,1
mark pitout : great gameplay. awesome immersive experience. love zen mode!,1
stephen ellis : i play in zen mode and it's really hypnotic. the music is beautiful too.,1
the arbiter gaming : my favourite game so far. after playing it i feel calm. love the game,1
timothy ramsay : zen mode would be better with the bgm from normal mode. i find that one more relaxing.,1
chamithu gunawardana : wish if there was more tricks and stuff in the gameplay.. graphics and music is good,1
kevith bopege : you should totally add a lan or multiplayer mode.. loved this game and the zen mode is cool.,1
cyndi luke : great game this game is so awesome me and my friend do a challenge on who goes the farthest.,1
daligdig jona : i so love the minimalis graphics. the controls are game friendly,1
wyatt bryan : the most satisfying soundtrack ever. zen mode is a nice addition,1
arthur morgan : this game's music needs a great appreciation. i am waiting for the sequel of this game with more music.,1
lord savage : i would love to see a alto's adventure 2 thats free,1
shasif sabir : this game was amazing i love this game and i tell all of my friends to download aalto's adventure,1
a google user : it is breathtaking. i can almost imagine myself being there.,0
adrian ferguson : i think this game is great. its simple bit very amusing,1
wazeem ahamed : good game and need a good update in graphics and audio and recently showing ads..,1
crappy keys : a game that is made to calm our mind. thanks a lot makers,1
shea : i've been known to sit and play this too long. it's peaceful and it's addictive and it's fun. i'm happy with the different characters too.,1
zach king : it is a beautiful game with awesome music. when i need to relax,1
william walu : the music is perfect and the challanges are... satisfying. this game is awsome,1
a google user : amazing game ! the graphics is great and the music is relaxing ! super charming game.. loved it,1
skymaster : it's a fun and easy game with some really soothing background music.,1
sukanti dwibedy : awesome gameplay,1
fasnan wismara agni : first i saw this game,1
arindam das : absolutely soothing to the senses. the most beautiful android game ever,1
repetitive : i think their should be more modes and more stuff to buy but it's great,1
pranesh pranesh : i want to give 1000000000000000 for this game.its cool and nice. great game ever.,1
john doe : wow! i often just sit after a fall in zen mode and enjoy the sights! utterly amazing "game",1
a google user : extremely well made,1
madison alley : i really enjoyed the graphics and soundtrack. not only that but it could be stress reliving too.,0
summer wauchope : i just love it it just really really fun and relaxing and makes me feel better and i love all the new challenges and new levels,1
anissa lay : this game is great and relaxing. this is the perfect game for when you just want to unwind and relax.,1
soroush k,1
jaya teja : i love the music in zen mode and the game i love it,1
lil' legit : cool view and graphics also the light of the moon and sun.. also i like the landscape too (^-^),1
yamini sharma : this is a beautiful game. it has beautiful music and a soothing effect and the game is awesome.,1
abhinav kumar : there's no doubt that this is one of the coolest games i have ever played,1
josh bernitt : beautifully crafted. music is exquisite. scenery is mesmerizing. most,1
gorgeous mobile game ever,1
nazmi aiman : cannot log in google account...pls fix this,0
brett evans : amazing relaxing sounds neatly done,1
jeffrey bondoc : very relaxing game! the music,1
shivam pal : one of the best looking games on playstore,1
a google user : my kids love this game . i suggest everyone to download this app and enjoy,1
trups g : i deleted it but good too sad music,1
daisy main : the cell shaded graphics make it calm and atmospheric. controls are awesome. definitely recommend,1
hypenotic 405 : really good. but can add a back button to tilt the other way plz,1
cheap trick : also is like so cool it's like the best game ever the graphics are amazing the controls are amazing it's like so cool,1
zikell : it's a really good game but you make it free for iphone users also,1
illiaan plays : this game is a great time waster and it is soo addictive i love this game,1
jishnu jayakumar : great adventure game i love so much fantastic game and thanks to the developer of this game for bring us this game,1
jessica hoard : it's a great game! but i don't understand why it's called "alto's adventure" bit you have other characters other than alto?,1
rounak chaki : possibly the best offline time-spender ever created!,1
muhammad norman ibrahim : superb game,1
elbert : i love the fact that a simple game like this can be better with great music,1
jessi aldaba : it's everything i like it has good controls gameplay and good graphics,1
ben spratt : add front flips and 180 turns,1
conley webb : i don't know what to say it's all so great,1
mohiyudheen kunhimon : omg this icon game is so beautifully designed to see and play it,1
mwango chisanga : such a great game looks so peaceful love playing it,1
daddy yankee : very beautiful fun and relaxing game i just loved it,1
a google user : so cool but i wish games were better,1
greta russell : it pretty good because i love snow skkeying,1
spud_nugget : i love this game great controls and an even better atomesphere,1
obelisk 09 : thi game is my favorite its really good,1
tj bruner : good job on making the game if you are going to make a second game,1
foster harris : this game it...makes me feel alive thank you noodlecake thank you,1
alex owens : the best mobile game i have ever played and it is very relaxing,1
alex adventures : thanks for making such a great time killer relaxing arcade like game,1
jacob welton : love this game because i know you are going to be able to make it better than this,1
anas mourad : this game is amazing and it has a lot of uses it even supports the people to adventure in snow,1
adrian walton : beautiful visuals and lovely background music. really like zen mode.,1
a google user : this game is so amazing i love it i would say that people should download this game love it,1
alexander west : the objectives that it gives you makes this game fullfiling and addictive. a rare combination.,1
steven james : the guy on the icon is going the wrong way.,1
william wade : it was pretty good but they need to change the speed of the game,1
aiden roberts : one of the simpilest game but it is so fun and never gets old,1
shoxsulton xusenov : omg one of the best mobile game s ive ever played,1
morg3n the first : if you like exploring the mountains then this is your type of game,1
muhammad rashid sajjad : best game ever i seen on ply store nice music too,1
ab mishra : nice game but you have to add frontflips also there is only backflip rest everything is fantabulous,0
chandu kalavakuri : i never get bored of this game.,1
thegenz rapper : this game is the best time killer i have ever played great graphics i would recommend this app,1
black kat : perfect graphics,1
aniket pradhan : a minimalistic game you get addicted to very quickly.,1
gus salas : simple,1
haris iqbal : wow amazing game this game make me sleep relaxing music and relaxing game play,1
xb pozz lim xd : this is the best game i ever played love it plzz make more games like this thanks,1
joseph springer : it's a very peaceful and relaxing game,1
chapa perera : this really amazing... don't change it whatsoever. i mean the plot... change the designs and stuff.. add more challenges..keep it updated... thumbs up team..!,1
luke kramer : if you like skiing. you will probably like this game,1
dan owen : amazing game,1
a google user : wingsuit controls are absolutely terrible,0
markos herr : love the game,1
a google user : very relaxing game with great graphics. a peaceful environment and a relaxing music. loved it so much.,1
georgy zhukov : one of the best games i have ever played.. fantastic graphics and game physics.. great work guys..!!,0
suraj sahoo : very good game to cool down when ur angry,1
a j a y : very interesting and good graphics easily times are going...,1
stolenwifi : this game is awesome! and i also love lamas!,1
diego : relaxing and enjoyable game! it's just beautiful!,1
a google user : i do not think deer get run over and there should not be a guy on the sledge,0
midhun manmadhan : excellent art work and amazing soundstrack ..best game ever,1
a google user : love alto's adventure,1
shard : absolutely beautiful and incredibly relaxing,1
wazil ansyari : nice gameplay,1
a google user : this game is very addicting and amazing graphics. i play this game everyday! i love all the characters......and the llamas!,1
angelandmichael mills : i own my dad in this every time love it!!,1
ali cuevas : the graphics are amazing!! it's pretty to snowboard though the amazing graphics!,1
a google user : not a real "gammer" love this game! over and over... not repetitive... soothing......,1
loco4candy : amazing! stress free and great time killer. also,1
srishanu 789 : it gives you a total insight into inner peace when you play it in zen mode totally love it,1
milcah t : so relaxing!! and the music is just perfect.,1
d j akhilesh : excellent graphics and this game maker take a bow whenever i played game it takes another level in mood....very pleasant graphics and excellent experience .... awesome loved it.... and mood changing game no doubt 100%,1
intuitive nomad : not only is it fun its also pretty relaxing,1
james joseph : best game ever love the the grafics ,1
toxic tech : i think this game is amazing it is somewhat like limbo,1
adam fred : the best game to ever play love this game very much,1
dinesh satyavolu : this is a very nice relaxing game that really makes that nice feeling,1
austin tolliver : this is the best game anybody has ever made and all those haters out there can stop hating because there is nobody that can stop them for making such a great game,1
tom anderson : i love it . it makes me feel very cool .,1
blue jay gaming : omg its so nice peaceful and cool but add skies and customize cahcter sorry dont know how to spell but that would be nice,1
rick willis : it is so relaxing,1
zakey : simple yet amazing,1
shrisha : wow what a game soothing n immersive !!! u l get lost in d visuals and d music !!! hats off to d developer!!,1
robert simoncsics : amazing such a beautiful game. 100% recommend to everyone.,1
lalith chandra : awesome... this one's my favorite and i want to congratulate the makers as they've just created a masterpiece. i give it a thumbs up.,0
dre skull : it's relaxing. good game,1
avanindra tripathi : beautiful visuals with awesome music.but please add more levels.,1
tmanmayo_3- : best game in the play store in my opinion. 5 stars.,1
james caughley : all round great gameplay. would love extra content.,1
nicky : i love this game,1
bishal mandal : nice game. it's control and graphics is so good. very cool game.,1
ilya boytsov : great atmosoere. thank you guys!,1
eduardo mendes : really great game! needs an update,1
frostysushi : the chasms are too hard... this is stupid,1
alex ionut : great artwork,1
karis official g : the game is really gr8...fun and addictive and i love it,1
ananthu stalin : the best game i have ever played in a smart phone and the zen mode is unbelievable,1
knives _knives : its was fun and somewhat relaxing just when you dont land a flip u get angry,1
raniel campos : i really love the music and it makes me sleepy then the movement of the character is so smooth,1
prottoy chakraborty : realky nice and adventurous but you could have added some more snowboarding skills,1
daniel martinsons : love this game. great gameplay awesome graphics!,1
oms emperorvan : it's so peaceful and addictive.,1
a google user : good makes me feel miss the game i'm so sad if i don't have the game .................. 10 score. thank you for creating it bye. love you all.,1
karel belanger : incredible and beautiful game. relaxing all the while challenging. bravo.,1
kunjan varia : it's amazing game with beautiful graphics...love to play every time,1
julio chavez : if i would describe it in one word it would be: amazing.,1
lisa friedrichs : just a chill game to play. great design and music too.,1
muhammad rizqul fauzan : when you play this game,1
good person : 0 stress ,1
akhil mathew : the best mind relaxing game i ever played.,1
ck quek : petty nice beautiful game. the graphics is pretty smooth.,1
ashish rana : impressive graphics and emersive environment plus soothing background music .,1
hanif : first game that i've download on my 2nd phone,1
a google user : it's a fun game to play if you want to relax,1
prantik saha : add some new modes it'll be more fun to play,1
arakhan harshtrade : simple,1
blue leedy : this game is absolutely beautiful and i recommend it to everyone!,1
anirudh bhat : i love this game but some times the hover doesn't work,0
a google user : super fun and addicting game! :) definitely recomend,1
rj nelson : graphics are amazing and it's a really relaxing game to play .,1
danis aldianto : the best relaxing game with gorgeous graphics and beautiful music.,1
sally zhou : amazing,1
mystery ,1
ali azimi : i love zen mode. really helps me relax,1
s. d. : love at first sight,1
marwan shaheen : one of the best endless slide scrollings i've ever played,1
nicanor perez jr. : i really love it. addictive,1
jason koran : this game is awesome!i love it!,1
devanth sehgal : best game ever played on phone . most relaxing game.,1
robert bennett : an all around great game!,1
madelynn : beautiful music and graphics. fun relaxing and addictibe gameplay,1
khaled : awesome game. very interesting. love it,1
a google user : a brilliant game with great graphics and gameplay,1
vrman3d : this is an artwork in design,1
air soteric architect : we will always want more!! more options for stunts tho..,1
nilesh ahamed : it's a great game. the sounds are so soothing. keep it up.,1
manggala maulana : addictive no score no gameover,1
a google user : it is indeed an amazing experience! it also downloads very quickly,1
nils kauffmann : absolutely fantastic game. splendid graphics and nice music,1
redlight : love the art stile and the graphics. i highly recommend it,1
udaibir singh : lovely visuals,1
reshmi senapati : it's a excellent game. must download. zen mode is the best mode. the music is relaxing,1
calvin olson : amazing simple graphics,1
encik a : the most beautiful game i've ever played,1
camden rants : i can't stop playing this game.,1
ashish narayanan : wonderful graphics with different seasonal environments .. the sounds are a big bonanza too.. enjoyable game..,1
vikram sinha : it's osm i really like this game.,1
setu gupta : this game is awesome it's very relaxing game loved it #bestgameever,1
a google user : one of the best game i have ever played,1
rangeelo rajkoty : the game is simply awesome and the visuals are absolutely marvellous,1
chawawa : i love the zen mode its so pecaceful,1
mr death : nice graphics cool gameplay i love this game,1
prithwish : most amazing arcade game i hv ever played,1
viren dhar : nice game you would like it,1
bryce white : it was awesome and this is a real review too not the computer,1
mindfury : this is one of the best game son the app store,1
emircan keser : this is the best game ever amazing gameplay and graphics,1
luis ramirez : this game beautiful to many players like me,1
a google user : very nice game i enjoyed it very much,1
diego barclay : amazing game i would suggest you buy it,1
sajauddin mulani : looks awesome weather changing background and enjoyed music,1
sonia pleasant : really fun an i can play for hours,1
a google user : awesome but it need some special moves and jumps,1
a google user : it's a fantastic game i have ever seen,1
jamirr tonyy alfaa valerianus : awesome game i'm in love with it #alto's fan,1
mohd fadhil : pretty fun and simple. love the design of the atmosphere and the music.,1
a google user : beautiful! stunning graphics and enticing gameplay.,1
atharva : the graphics are so good and the background music is so good,1
clear bandit : the game and music is so sothing and the game is so fun,1
ananthu raj : good and beautiful game ,1
jasi anwar : best relaxing game in play store,1
a google user : amazing,1
wei ming pan : i love this game . it made me addited,1
jacob green : one of the best games on the games store,1
dustin hansen : best relaxing sit back wherever and play game.,1
shane goad : pretty clear copy of speed hiker with better graphics.,1
a google user : best game best game i ever plays his 2016-2017,1
genesis : lol when you go to shop hold wifi button then back to game get 500 coins,1
cody wyckoff : i like this game because of their good graphics.,1
devesh shyngle : if you want a relaxing game definitely go for this.. you'll feel calm..,1
jasmine may : aesthetically pleasing,1
rajesh kumar : one of the most beautiful game i've ever played,1
athuljith r : awesome game one of the best adventure games ever!,1
akabom asuquo : too many ads. it's like you guys are competing with montezuma. zero stars is what it's good for now. deleted!!,0
a google user : love this game but it drives me insane,1
a google user : amazing game to have and it's super smooth,1
baramee laowakul : soundtrack in zen mode is perfectly amazing with endless journey. wonderful.,1
benyamin shults : beatiful relaxing game. the sound is great,1
a google user : this is my favourite game ever,1
suleiman leadbitter : awesome quick gaming session with charisma.,1
i szea : beautiful and simple play with fun challenges.,1
nihara lasith : very nice please modify this game,1
jo co : just awesome. beautiful music and graphics,1
pravin lion : i like this game so much it's a awesome game for all,1
william beauvais : beautiful,1
a google user : i love this game it's really cool,1
ricechu : when you die you have to restart the whole thing over it took me 2 hours and i still cant make it over the huge gap,0
naveed ahamed : its a awesome game i have ever plaued i love this game,1
fahadali japan : it is very cool game i am ever play this game,1
a google user : i love the scenery and the background music. i just love this game.,1
a google user : great game it takes alot of your yltime,1
praneeth yuvaraj : i can't even express about this game. it give a lot ...... it will be like,1
beyond my eyes,1
red coral : how can other parson like this stupid game? lol! stupid app for me.,1
somesh king : the game is background music excellent .,1
dr.s.sreelakshmi : it's very addictive and a good game,1
kalpan shah : zen mode is all what is needed... love the game,1
aulia firdaus : love love loveeee this game very much.. the graphic concept really fantastic.. omg.. the music background too.. really make my mind relax.. if you want to have a great game with relaxing.. i recommand thiss beauty gamee.. and so.. love yaaa..,1
abdurrahman adebomehin : the zen mode is awesome. the graphics: lush.,1
lucy t : i loved the graphics and it is a fun game to play,1
abhishek xd : this game is very smooth with a relaxing music,1
void wanderer : best beautiful and one of my favourite games,1
paps : simply amazing realistic sounds and cool backgrounds,1
barbie aleena : this the greatest hsme ever down load this,1
a google user : great but add multiplay mode plz,1
linkha rodriguez : best game ever such good grafics,1
kido hunter mpa : its very greater than i thought,1
aziz hakim : the best minimalist design game ever,1
rohit thakur : everything is perfect high five to you guys,1
ashmira : very nice game amazing graphics try it,1
wenslosaurus : all i have to say is this is an excellent game,1
daniel jere : this is the best game i have ever plaeyed,1
steve blais : the most artistic game that is addicting and serene,1
heejung choo : i love this peaceful game please play it,1
keval biju : the best game i ever downloaded,1
sydney's vlogs : i think its cool i like the night,1
andres concepcion : it is the most peaceful game ever made,1
a google user : it is a great game and so entertaining.,1
rene barcomb : it's such a beautiful and pleasant game,1
luke lorenz : simple,1
juan molano : the best game ever! waiting for sequel,1
rashid aman : need to add more graphical locations.,1
ahmad afif hazwan bin mohd shukor : awesome game...the zen mode is the best part,1
victor medina : great graphics and a great relaxing feel to it.,1
phantasm nightmare : awesome game. i just love it.,1
a google user : it's terrible at least add costumes and prizes at the least,0
fakepro : ambiance 20/10 gameplay 10/10 controls 9/10 and graphics 11/10,1
john ganly : i like the game but it takes too long to unlock players,0
sidd bangar : a very good,1
a google user : stunningly beautiful. both visually and audibly.,1
inter central t.v : i just habe nothing to say but "perfect n cool!!"",1
apple chor : loved it!! and absolutely loved the zen mode!!,1
json yz : this game is something very simple but is fun and relax i found it enjoy in a special way this is the kind of game i will not found on play store glad we have it now,1
ayush srivastava : the artwork and soundtrack of this game are amazing!,1
jordan stott : the little shi* wouldn't jump. lgg6,1
piyush sharma : so good ,1
ripu daman pandey : soothing music and graphics. loved the zen mode.,1
okay m8 : amazing,1
kelvin daniel torres morillo : i really love this game it is very exciting.,1
varun kumar : really simple and beautiful game. great soundtrack.,1
alex egberts : absolutely stunning and addictive in every way.,1
nathaniel m : just a pretty game with some ambient music.,1
andrew shevchenko : the graphics is stunning,1
a google user : awesome game. fun gameplay and relaxing music.,1
logan wittman : good graphics,1
a google user : i love this game ,1
junaid shah : sky safari is beater then this game,1
mr_jeet jd : i have moatly to like this app,1
kayetus : i keep in coming back for more,1
akashdeep yadav : i recomend you please play this game,1
mack carr : wish there were more stars,1
prabhu sagar : i weting altos 2nd part,1
james salmond : night time last too long,0
sergey antonov : guys,1
jana lockhart : awsome game couldn't be better,1
amar gosavi : i like it. music and graphics are very good.,1
imraan bosman : loved the graphics and the suits the mood of the game.great fun.,1
isaac darlong : great updates and smoother no more stuttering.,1
david crossley : beautifully crafted and addictivly fun to play. gnardawgs,1
a google user : plain out great pushes me to limit,1
jommy mclean : good graphics i give it five stars.,1
piers goodhew : so nice to look at,1
levani kantaria : i loved the sounds,1
jason s. : very relaxing game... 5 stars for this incredible game!,1
zsombor pankotai : a good idea and an even better execution!,1
flight film : it is a very realaxing game and it is soooo fun.,1
dondon go : it is awesome and attractive and playable and the graphics are great.the zen mode make it there's an elder so it will be awesome but don't let the elder go away once you wake an elder. okay awesome....$%6%/!!!!!!!!!();!!!!!!!!!!!!!@@@@ yup,1
isaiah : runs beautifully and looks absolutely gorgeous on an 18:9 display,1
murtaza abbasi : beautiful background,1
stan hickey : can't find a better game.,1
ting ting bling bling : best for traffic jam time play,1
a google user : amazing game loved the flying suit,1
a google user : its a great game i love it,1
malik haris : this is a good game and i love to play,1
a google user : good but need more improve,1
samrat techno zone : everything is nice for not a heavy gamer,1
rahul m : so nice game great ambience,1
for viewers channel : i like this game everything awesome,1
a google user : please give updates of these game,1
cosmic neo : i admire this beautiful game of yours,1
raw._.cocoa : amazing its a relaxing and addictive game,1
a google user : i think it is realy good and exciting,1
a google user : really simple and pleasurable gameplay that lasts,1
shrey singla : time pass game good for children,1
anthony pham : wonderful game with great graphics and simple controls.,1
pranesh : brilliant. soothing and relaxing. perfect game.,1
ian bleakley : just a beautiful game to play and quite addictive.,1
dyllan lawrence : great graphics but gameplay is boring,1
satyadeep das : a must to have game in ur handsets !!,1
rick adair : a blissful way to spend your downtime,1
pranav shankar : it's awesome to play awesome awesome awesome,1
surabandana sahu : outstanding graphics. nice gameplay.,1
harry nihal nayagam : awsome game fr relaxing... exceptional.... its not a game but a form of,1
digital art,1
aleser murtaza : it's bliss at its best!,1
nitesh kumar : i fell in love with music....so relaxing...(_),1
aysha shamna : this game is just awesome!..my mood becomes good when i play this game...very good music,1
a google user : it's an amazing game,1
uziel boites : it is such a relaxing and peacefull game. love it,1
ben cowie : too many ads installed during an update.,0
20p gamer : the problem here is the tasks get trickier and yet they are more confusing which leads to skipping of tasks which really makes it boring please do a thing add a tutorial or side video for better understanding of tasks,0
bobby m : beautiful game,1
samy magid : its good for burning time when your bored,1
shuu : saw this at e3 it looks sick!,1
otavio santos : it's a perfect game! congratulations!,1
neil gomes : everything is awesome.....add more levels and please give a separate "save game data to cloud" option please pleaseeeeee...... a well wisher,1
anupama rathesh : the best game in my whole life and peaceful also !!!!!!best best best best,1
geodomo : astonishing ... every detail and aspect breathtaking ... incredible job ... highly recommended ... awesome game !!!!,1
sam : very good game for relaxation.. beautiful graphics and soothing music... no violence.. loved it...,1
derek haave : relaxing and overall a great time.,1
hazzy-g : very addictive and great fun.,1
shyamalina biswas : its really pleasant and nice.,1
javkamkrastavizi : i love this game it's awesome,1
haries ina : great game with great design.,1
juba zz yt : the best game the beautifull grafic,1
ananthakrishna k p : overall its fantastic.make something more,1
max borden : this game is amazing. beautiful,1
harpreet singh : awesome...great job done by developers,1
ornab wahid : heart touching .. specially in night,1
zoey-jane jobe : so amazing. it's beautiful,1
it,1
azeem zaheer : perfect game to get relaxed.,1
kavitha jayanthan : excellent game. nothing else,1
john chester norcio : very fit game for players all over the world,1
louis salazar : the guy on the apps cover is snow boarding backwards,1
jagpreet singh : specially.....lovely....music.......my..... nephew loves...its music....while going to bed......,1
jeya balaji : simple game for time pass.,1
akshay kharat : good game with good music.,1
a google user : the game looks beautiful and fun.nice game,1
swarnajit chandra : one word. no,1
jacob carlisle : great game!! thats all i have to say just so good!!,1
sigmond cardozo : one of the best games i've played!!,1
vishvesh choudhary : damn!!! m so in love with this game!,1
vineet agarwal : only one word: beautiful,1
swapnil dabhade : great game ..exceptionally well,1
minism : ambient,1
a google user : in dream s i see myself as the face of dragon.,1
denis alhasa : really hooking especially the fact that it's hard right from the beginning of the game.,1
apoorv pandey : hey ... when is alto odessy coming up for android ... i'm eagerly waiting for it,0
a google user : amazing game... this is great... it feels better when my mood is off... thanks to the inventor for this game...,1
sahil todsam : love it . addictive.awesome scenes.beautiful game,1
sheraz ahmed : love this game.. fun and relaxing,1
derris paris : it's very fun and time consuming!!,1
a google user : a sheep awoke!,1
asif hossain khansama : coll game ..,1
n de wolfe : gorgeous,1
carson breedon : "i downloaded this because i play saxaphone",1
a google user : when you want to watch a video to revive alto the video come after you use your money,0
sagar behera : awesome game ,1
kitty kat : it's creative and fun,1
damchoe yezer : very soothing...love the day and night stuff...beautiful music...awesome game,1
samurai guy : well...nothing to say,1
emily benson : a beautiful game. everything is perfect. loved it!!,1
khaled : great game for passing time!,1
leo max : finally this game came from apple store,1
j.y : this is a great,1
9032_pritam das : good ,1
susana jaramillo : exelent graphics! cool game!,1
parthiv : this game makes me emotional. idk why,1
daniel khadem : alto odyssey hype!!,1
rahat hossain raf : that's ahhh awesome game...!!,1
porp : beautiful,1
a google user : endlessly fun game... waiting for distant ...,1
monil sharma : in love with it...takes you to a different world of gameplay.. muaah...,1
rico hk : best game ever download!,1
aly stalcup : this game is fun and love the style of the game!!!!,1
fred sleepwalker : to drive down the same boring mountain is supposed to be fun? where is the adventure?,1
a google user : love this game so fun,1
visal nuwantha : superb this is the best game ever.......its just like we are in the game....,1
scifo kings : it's just... wonderful in every way. i love this.,1
mr x2 : very lovely and relaxing games: '),1
qwerty qwertt : it's a best game gives me relax......... playing at zen mode i recommend you to just install it once....... it will bring magic to your life.......,1
windi handayani : love the music so much!,1
joshua stoner : it's a stupid game,1
a google user : some rounds are stupidly hard,1
skies : loading time is too slow,0
hunter rice : it's totally a redesigned ski safari.... but it great,1
a google user : cool game ever....everything is perfect,1
asfar karim : this game is just awesome...,1
jimmi sherpa : awesome game to kill some time.....,1
laina singha : aesthetics; alluring,1
jayesh rathva : amazing !!! graphics grate music,1
a google user : nice must be plat it!!,1
tucker santjer : the best most chilling amazing and good game play best ever,1
a google user : pop-up ads? welcome to onestar land by way of deletesville.,0
jai ess : addictive! all the details are great!,1
daniel cuevas : guiz could u make a shop full of accesories or change of clothing coz i like this game but i very like it if this game have clothes shop.,1
morgan schieber : physics and timing...superb !,1
akhilesh dumree : i love the graphics it's a little bit difficult,1
your pc guide : great music and all things are so cool.,1
anooj thalekkara : it's a great game,1
jubin jose : amazing work of art..,1
artronic # : cool play....pretty relaxing,1
alice my : peaceful,1
a google user : is so addicting,1
atomica flea : great game!,1
venom ous : i like games like this...and then you hid a zen mode?! thanks. looking forward to a sequel...,1
low quality : beautiful. that's all i can say.,1
rmt 727 : that's a great game...,1
azlan shareef : i love this game,1
aditya narayan sah : this game is love!,1
madhusmita talukdar : this is the best game ever......,1
anash khan : outstanding beautiful wonderful.,1
edwin francis baynosa : super awesome game!,1
vidya dhar kumar : average gameplay but nice game...liked it....,1
a google user : wow!!!! nice game ever!!,1
helmi tawfik : it's a great game,1
alexander cash : great for soothing anxiety.,1
snow paws : it's a nice game,1
gary keiset : it's a good game,1
joel france : i loved this game,1
ashton parke : this game is bomb,1
ankit meena : some darkness in the game,1
abel rodriguez : it was wounded full,1
vinothkumar bharathi : super thinker gamed,1
a google user : music and background is nice.,1
project dull orange : its a great stressbuster.,1
ahmed mokhtar : great,1
shubham kshirsagar : best offline game..additive..great job,1
pachu pm : i am a old player of this game can i get back my records in this game.?,1
a google user : love it's game,1
o q : such an elegant game.,1
uzair kazi : awesome game love it!,1
tanmoy ganguly : awsome fabulous. ... great background music.... love this game...,1
a google user : best game ever. great characters,1
anh nguyen phi : so perfect and relaxing :),1
david duncan : so immersive and chill!,1
leigh perry : just love this game!,1
likhith dorbala : outstanding game!!,1
frank mazzeo : sooooo much fun!!! very addicting!!!,1
greenbay glitter : all i have to say is.......esketit!!!!!,1
ya xdgamer : it's super awesome and easy !!!!!!!,1
rayhan shenwiaggej : best game.... worth giving a try.,1
ever cool : its coll but controls need update,0
fahim faisal : wow! just great!!,1
ibrahim ibn umar : its simple but the lovely......nice....,1
rob : did this company used to be called orisinal? game has that vibe,1
emmanuel asukwo : awesome...very nice,1
zane malik : simple graphic but amaze,1
indrajeet shitole : nice game with nice music,1
anuja nagarajan : looking for more games from u,1
ramesh dias : the best game in the world,1
stoyan boyanov : cool design and very relaxing,1
james ramsey : the best and easiest game,1
a google user : make it more color full,1
a google user : awesome game ever played,1
rakesh kumar : great game with your headphones,1
hlomla : i simply love the soundtrack,1
vijay jaiswal : extremely addictive game love it,1
yugdev raj : its very awsome game,1
aaliyah pounds : it fun day and night,1
alina : this game is really fun,1
dj shep : very calming and life changing,1
andreia sinta : beautiful graphics and relaxing music,1
gargi chatterjee : best game so relaxing,1
david mcbride : this is the best stunt game,1
devakrishnan j : nice game and good graphics,1
lestianto jkt : its one of the best games,1
aruna sharma : this game is very enjoyable,1
best streaming : really peaceful and fun game,1
tim mcginty : top 5 games for sure,1
baron von wulf : best game on google play,1
crispy rice : i just love this game,1
wilddog wolf : everything about this game is really great,1
ganesh rohakale : best game and most relaxing,1
arun shibu : nice game for calm type,1
zeeshan : the music is soft i love it,1
axif : so amazing relaxing and fun,1
albert degin : the most beautiful game,1
amol garale : best game in all time,1
a google user : cool game ever in 2015,1
a google user : my brother manas love it,1
vinay verma : awesome game ever i played,1
vamsi surya : super game graphics are good,1
jayesh iwarkar : best game ever played,1
dan bishop : simply amazing and addictive love it,1
ashok kumar sahoo : very short and nice game,1
namax66 : very beautiful views and music,1
zayden andrews : really relaxing fun to play,1
srinivas n : the best game ever,1
indigo : it's an amazing game,1
bam : not showing in my apps after installed or anywhere on my galaxy s8.. ???,0
trixia v : pleasing and bold.,1
kyle phillips : amazing graphics ,1
a google user : extremely relaxing.,1
chris kemak : this is the only game that i have ever had installed for more than a year,1
anos voldigoad : it's an adventure,1
heinczel x : beautifully made.,1
brooke : simply beautiful.,1
jonah varian : incredible game.,1
aswin : aesthetic and simple.,1
jyotish doley : great music,1
nisharga nirjan : best scenario and sounds.awesome,1
teen wizarth : perfect game for time killing,1
judy robison : really really really fantastic game,1
the devil : love it so sweet so cute,1
call of duty king : per perfection,1
ashilevi derek elorm : it's cool,1
binkie burchfield : i love this game!!!!!!!!!!!,1
sacha kapoor : every thing about this is amazing,1
shawn wick : this game is beutiful!!!!!!!!!,1
a google user : it is cool and awesome it is nice,1
name : perfection.,1
peewee fap : is it possible to remove rock obstacles in zen mode?,1
clary : heart heart,1
frankenstein : great challenges,1
anas alwash : what a spectacular game,1
fasbir mahmud : a great game,1
lina marlina : the great grapic,1
younes : it game is super good,1
juan castelan : great addictive game,1
christian vu : love this minimalist style,1
mujahid musa : awsome and relaxing game,1
sad_crow leif : the music is the best,1
a google user : really simple to play,1
suleiman al rabayah : wow this game is incredible,1
kamryn price : love them and the story,1
salman patel : i love this game,1
hussam waseem : this game is amazing,1
snl : its lit as ever,1
pearl _queen : it is awesome and simple,1
the fwc ias : great music loved it,1
yazzie martinez : it a awsome game,1
s vasudev bhat : best of them all,1
thomas innis : amazing and incredibly calming,1
grizzlybear_1024 : everything is great about this game,1
maritza gonzalez lozoya : this game is the best,1
jeremy hill : love the sounds and atmosphere,1
silvano anderson : love the art stile,1
atulya joshi : the best there is,1
a google user : what an eye candy,1
saravanan shanmugam : good and time pass,1
amanda albanese : the perfect game,1
edmac4a : this game is freaking amazing,1
dragonslayer 120 : the game is awsome,1
abhishek kumar : its a best game,1
the way to jannah : perfect awesome game,1
a google user : great very relaxing,1
masked clan 15986 gg : i love this game,1
am gamer : its really awesome,1
ramesh prasad : loved it.,1
doba petrov : loved it.,1
poka s : great game ?,1
mayank thite : soothing,1
joshua lijo : sick game!!!!!!!!!!,1
kimberly garcia : this game is very addicting,1
yashwanth manoj : how do i open characters,1
emanuel simancas : it sucks,1
rajesh rajak : one word for this game wow.....,1
les grof : great and relaxing,1
l.gh. djoetma : doesn't support google's game sync service. i can't play this on both my devices and now i've reinstalled my phone i lost everything. uninstalled it.,1
raivor : pretty smooth,1
mike wolf : when will the next one be out?,1
neeraj sharma : great game,1
eric lim : when is the new one coming to google store?,1
sho bo : multiplayer needed.,1
chandra shekar : waiting for second part,1
tatsuya asano : i need light,1
gopi krish : thanks for the game makers,1
steven gregory : a short reveiw,1
deontae harrison : need to jump higher,1
deathcore x6 shadow : too a dick ting,1
pitambar hazra : really a game to play,1
tom meredith : all of them!,1
alpha oumar souare : luv the game,1
rest_zako : this is the best,1
sandhya panday : simply awesome,1
the duck person : loved the music,1
g s : clam and nice,1
micheal claude nicolas : awesome and addectif,1
andile sibahle cele : loving the game,1
angel mateo : nice and awesome,1
nodar beridze : love this game,1
jake t : cool game,1
ahmed khalaf : legendary game,1
refreshing beverage : great game,1
mateen shaukat : awesome game,1
prankul verma : great game,1
optimistic saif : smooth and refreshing,1
nerhene davis : great game,1
eduardo pottella : beautiful and challenging,1
ahme mogeza : very cool,1
michael dress : one of the best,1
james mason : fun and relaxing,1
rene fernandez : nice graphics,1
a google user : cool and addictive,1
mark harrison : brilliant and fluid,1
mal1n : great game,1
robby haryadi : perfect graphic,1
arseniy sivokon : very relaxing,1
bossy selan : love this game,1
kartika sari : beautiful graphics,1
anamika agarwal : why my game is not linking with the google play account??,1
a google user : hate it,1
gabriele v : hated it,1
_money time : tears,1
crown prince : cool,1
zorthrin : cool,1
mia dalessandro : relaxing,1
jm van der walt : cool,1
sakshyam adhikari : soothing,1
a google user : cool,1
rye : this is beautiful,1
jjx225 : cool,1
adrian valdez : its an ok game,1
john jolly : first i download it,1
trista morse : it's awesom,1
incendiary moose : all the stars!!!!!,1
adi kula : also me,1
a google user : so addicting,1
a google user : joy to play,1
a google user : fix it now,0
zhilo : sucked so frecking much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :( :(,1
a google user : death cory,1
a google user : it was collected,1
maddy kiss huge : greatboy,1
dark mage21 : this game is so much fun to play. it has great graphics and really nice music,1
david kirkwood : it's really nice to find a game that has good background music,1
trent damon : there is a perfect balance between difficulty and pay off. there is plenty satisfying elements within this game other than a high score. the rush to escape an elder,1
carlton whitman : great game ruined by a couple poor mechanics or "glitches". you have to press some buttons twice to actually do want you want and it only shows you progress on a goal after a run every now and then (not every time). very annoying. have had this game for a long time now and have slowly stopped playing because of small annoyances like that.,0
mayur panchal : i reinstalled this after long time and connected it to my google play account but still game isn't loading my previous profile. i was at lvl29 last time + game was connected to my google play account too at that time. now that i reinstalled and connected to my account again,0
chris : this is my favourite mobile game ever. graphics are gorgeous,1
david felschow : great game,1
leapedbeforelooking : omg. this game has outstanding graphics and the controls are easy. overall,1
gabby valenciano : it's a masterful work of art.. any lack or addition of complexity to it would ruin its beauty. the concept is simple,0
nightywulf : amazing,1
hussien elshamy : excellent game,1
ana r. c. rodrigues : my only problem with the game,1
archie miller : it's such a simple,1
david blake : i love this game and the graphics are beautiful. my only one small gripe is that if you pick up a magnet the character then pulses yellow which,1
tarantino : this game has a lot of personality. it's fresh and exciting take on the endless runner and delivers on most fronts. i might be a little bias since one of my friends dad worked on this but yeah. only beef i would have pick with this is that the formula gets really old when you've played it for a long time. the achevments get really frustrating later in the game. i'm at level 43 when i do this review and some of the goals are insane. overall a good game for just relaxed easygoing enjoyable game,1
cera glassburn : i'd give full stars if it wasn't so glitchy. sometimes the whole screen does this crazy wobble and cuts out in the middle of a run. and the controls for jumps and backflips go haywire every. single. run. either they're doing glitchy flips when you aren't touching the screen,0
r y. : should include a dynamic camera that zooms out and shows us the entire landscape so that we are able to gauge how many backflips we can attempt. if not we are skiing blindly. also,1
juicerupper : this is the best gaming app i have ever downloaded. everything from the simplic yet beautiful graphics and art style to the game play itself. it truly is a game that is easy to learn but difficult to master. however it can get repetitive on extended plays,1
rob g : fun game perfect for touchscreen. very addictive and enough challenges to keep you going even after unlocking everything. on a galaxy 7 edge i think pressing down on the screen too hard on this game caused the screen to develop a pink line. so take it easy,1
izzi c : i don't usually do reviews,1
yohan chandrasukmana : this game is amazing. i first watched the gameplay on a video that recommended games for android and i thought,1
rosco : it would be nice if the rocks were a little more visible. once the game is on its night cycle i can barely see the rocks even with the brightness turned all the way up. only a problem in well light rooms and outdoor playing. chasms are weirdly spaced out. if im going to fast i go over the balloon and hit the chasm wall. if im going to slow the baloon isnt there so i fall and die.,0
zion nimchuk : easily one of the best mobile games i've played. the devs nailed the environment,1
snehashis gharai : the best game i ever played. when i completed the the tutorial and go back to the menu ,1
a google user : great game! very addictive! would be 5 stars... but every time i get the lama horn the game glitches and i automatically get game over! very frustrating! especially since i spent money to get the horn... and half the time in setting a new record then just die for no apparent reason... :( please fix asap!,1
daniel mccormick : this game really needs an option to let you choose the environment you race in. i would love to spend the whole game racing in a thundering rainstorm or snowstorm. originally,1
nathan kennedy : i love this game and all but it has one bug,1
qasim khan : original-ish idea. jump feature is a bit off. implementing acceleration/speed was probably not a good idea. there's too much to do. jump on stuff,1
rebs b : i really enjoy this game! it's very peaceful. my one complaint is that,1
ankit jangid : man.. i wish if i could give 10 stars to this. this game has great things in every aspect. taking from the graphics,1
a google user : this game is one of my favorite and i will never uninstall this. im a gamer i played a lot but this game blow me up. nice graphics,1
piyush shah : i had thought this to be some poor game with ok-ok graphics. but now i am,1
totally hooked to it! only bug i found is that if i try to 'watch video' to,1
revive when there is no internet,1
start the next run.,1
dicky kamarullah : hello guys,1
ian jiang : this is a really well-made game. i was deeply amazed by the beautiful landscape,1
untitled anonymous : overall i enjoyed the game but the game has been lagging for me a bit lately. not so much so that the game doesnt allow me to play but its distracting. good game overall.,1
king arthur : amazing graphically designed game. has a few bugs but nothing to worry about. edit: amazing soundtrack as well,1
jacob johnson : very relaxing game and i enjoy it allot,1
j sharky f : the atmosphere of this world is quite amazing. it has symmetry. it has a kind of meditative peace to it - while,1
lee : this game is so amazing. i'm shocked this doesn't cost money. there is almost no ads to be found. if i could rate this game higher i would.,1
ola berntsson : the stupid feather absolutely destroys the whole game. how is that even a bonus item??? it either kills you or screws up the objective since it prevents you from collecting coins or getting ice boosts,1
michael charles : this game is addictive and a great time killer too. the graphics and sounds are so well designed. and some moments like flying with a wing suit are breathtaking. i love it.,1
davor arsic : great relaxing game with very nice graphics,1
tom shelley : easily one of the best mobile games i've ever played. doesn't require you to pay to be able to do everything. controls are easy to learn and hard to master. i find myself constantly coming back for more. it's also very calming and i love the soundtrack!,0
dani fogel : in my opinion where this game really shines is the zen mode. zero distractions,1
taylor bec : guys this is a wonderful game. the music is relaxing,1
jennifer hilton : i can't play spotify and this game at the same time. this game is amazing but spotify will always win so please fix this asap.,0
josh mcgonigal : this game is awesome especially when you have the wing suit i'm trying to get the lama horn now but it's a really fun game.,1
a google user : such a gorgeous game on so many levels! the graphics are amazing and the music,1
jitin : good n relaxing. wing suit controls are a bit wonky but other than that its a nice game,1
a google user : this game is also stress buster and is good to play and music is so much,1
soothing.... but after sometime you get irritated because missions are not,0
ending and purchase are necessary.....,1
mark moore : seems to be a bug where every time the elder gets close to me the whole screen spazzes out like the elder has some earthquake like powers,0
jim pattison : such a great game. the missions keep you interested and help develop your skills. i would play this all day if i didn't have to work,0
andrew knight : great game for relaxing before bed. unfortunate that some sections are impossible for specific characters but great nonetheless.,1
shaik babajan : the background sounds of the game are so pleasant and resemble the heaven,1
like experience. alto... is a simple and spectacular game i have ever,1
played. the changes in levels and the weather makes the game more,1
interesting and mystical. i simply state that this game is a master piece.,1
brad carpenter : boo ads. also,1
eviltyres : for starters this game is not for you if you want crazy tricks and action. this game shines because i can respect the work put into it,1
zinny guy : i love this game. soothing and addictive. it would be even better if you add like a way to play with others. like a race mode,1
faisal al-bandar : terrific game,1
i need to start studying. : the non-competitive mode is very relaxing,1
rodel john tuga : don't get me wrong i just gave a bad rating for your attention. because it's centuries of waiting for the sequel of altos adventure and yet nothing.,1
void : the game is beautiful,1
callum love : this game is freaking incredible! i'm pretty sure i rated everything 5 stars. i love just plugging my earphones in and playing zen mode. the rain sounds so real! noodlecake studios,1
jay cathcart : one on my favorite mobile games. it has smooth,1
paran sharma : absolutely beautiful game and even beautiful ost. for someone who loves mountains,1
amos barren : can't find any awesome game like this .this game gave me an expirence that 3d games doesn't give,1
john mcgrael : i'm sort of a cynic when it comes to phone games,1
alex kruger : this is so,1
messias aron kor : my friend recommended it and yes it's fustrating some times but hell i love this game...,1
seinor sloth : such a peaceful game and not to mention fun. minutes turn into hours and hours turn into days. favourite game i've ever played on my phone and i think everyone should try it,1
daniel cottontail : i have never written a game app review,1
eric flickinger : game usually doesn't let me revive alto by watching a video. you can click it a hundred times and the timer just runs out anyway. other than that bad but the game is great,1
pradipa p. rasidi : lovely game that sets the mood. nice track,1
a google user : just so beautiful and addictive. please,1
z z : i loved it,1
brennan perdue : this is the ultimate feel good game. its not so much about the gameplay,1
robert horkan : great game lots of fun however sometimes during gameplay,1
damien stone : this is such a stunning game. the tasks that need to be completed to increase levels aren't too tricky but may take a little bit to complete while waiting for the right section of map... not that it bothers me being that aesthetically amazing and the zen mode is just perfect for that.,0
loic iglesias : perfect,1
travis lacey : it's the perfect game to wind down and relax absolutely love it only issue i have is that i cannot seem to get my in-app purchases back for double coins,1
luka l : i would like to hear more music,1
azaryah : the game kept glitching and would have my guy stuck in mid air. this happened constantly. overall the game is ok.,1
rachel : love love love this game. great to unwind after a stressful day. i have nothing negative to say.,1
pratik shrestha : simplicity at its best. a perfect relaxing peaceful yet challenging game. play it for the wonderful experience it offers. big thumbs up to the devs,1
a google user : yes it's a nice game but it can even add some more stunts and adventures.totally i like it and it is worth to be a part of your android...,1
austin gorchs : one of they few games i haven't gotten tired of. very fun. i highly reccomend it.,1
pooja yadav : the zen mode in the game is just awesome. this game speaks life.the graphics and the music accompany each other very well. stress relieving and fun to play. no ads too.,1
haroon subair : giving less points because i lost all my earned characters when by mistake replay tutorials was clicked. now the first character is coming in the latest level.,0
robert : was great all along until the latest update. not being able to listen to music from another app is disappointing.,1
zach rutledge : somehow it manages to be completely enchanting and completely frustrating at the same time. beautiful graphics and music help make up for some difficult-to-achieve goals. some of the ads that play when you choose to resume after falling are quite jolting because they're so loud and brash. it really ruins the mood! occasionally alto stop responding to jumps,0
srinivas : didn't like falling in zen mode with the music so beautiful and endless feel,1
morgan kesler : fun platform kind of game,1
dhimas a. prabowo : im a fan of this game but it seems that the icon had misplaced alto's flip which is actually should be in counter clockwise and im bothered bcs of it smh,1
ricky hurt : great game overall but needs more content. once everyone is unlocked it gets boring fast. you can still level up a bit but you get nothing for it. give me somewhere new to ride at least!,1
robert quinn : great design,1
oky oky : nice game and graphic. but when it turns night,1
irfan mian : this game is the best game i have ever played 5 out of 5 on everything. i love the is game to bits and the music is the best thing about the game. the graphics are phenomenal and again i love this game so much!!,1
gordon johnson : main game is difficult enough to keep you occupied,1
ozgun suzer : buggy beyond measure. every action takes dozens of taps on the screen before the game actually responds,1
sayvon wilson : great game,1
nandan chebbi : it's a really good game only thing i wish it would have is a story mode,1
heyits me : i didn't know games could be so lovely. i love how the sun rises and slowly sets and the weather changes regardless of whether you start over. its relaxing but sometimes challenging. its addictive. i love it.,1
vicky a : this game is stunning. it's music is amazing,1
mongoose : speechless,1
craig dean : an average rip off of ski safari. i don't understand the praise for it.,1
osvaldo branquinho : nice concept and well developed. has a good longevity but eventually you will get the feeling that is more of the same.,1
osi osi : this game make me happy as every time i play it. to me the music always gives of a very very relaxing vibe and i just love how each character is very unique,0
x- skyfrost : this game is amazing,1
a google user : awsome game! nice graphics and scenic beauty ,1
frank daves : well made. i really like the sound effect when its rain and thunder. this game deserve money.,1
sagar sudhir ganu : in zen mode let the game continue without any end. there should not be any obstacles,1
user unknown : good graphics but.... i loved its graphics but it's boring after 2 weeks please do something to make better,0
nathan keenan : beautiful music,1
jinston chung : this game was great with unobtrusive ads,1
babytakeoff : the visuals and the gameplay are downright amazing. the simplistic graphics give it as amazing feel to it to the point i can't describe it. keep up the good work! :),1
ethaniel carey : one of the best time kill games i've ever played,1
jay : this game is amazing,1
resident evil : what an amazing game,1
tropical viking : beautiful scenes and graphics,1
vanessa sexton : pretty good game. eventually it gets way to expensive to skip a quest but i guess that's your motivation to play!,1
tony quinones : pros: rewarding and challenging. stunning visuals and music. very atmospheric and peaceful i love this game. cons: unfortunately gets repetitive after a few months of playing. wish there were more tricks to perform,1
huhn3rmann : the simple but beautiful graphics drag you deep into the game,1
abdul wahab : i am not being able to play the game while listening to my music via my music player which is poweramp. when i start the game the music gets paused. that's very depressing. please fix this issue. otherwise the game is amazing. thanks,0
theo moolenaar : a fun little game that is polished,1
pragyan gupta : this game is probably the best game i have played. it's simple yet breathtaking,1
a google user : beautiful game,1
rob wisz : graphics and sounds are top notch and reminds me of the ui in monument valley which was a wonderful game. however i can't ignore the fact that this game reminds me of a material design version of ski safari.,1
gaialyn : the best game i ever play,1
barnabas mihaly : this game is amazing! it's really good,1
tyson reese : the music and graphics are so amazing! i love the thunder storms and i'm so glad this game is now on android!,1
sajuzz : i love this game very much but the control s are ...... i hated only 2 or 3 back flips we can do we cant cross all the achievement s,0
mehul harsora : one can enjoy the game even returned from the office.it is calm and doesn't need more attention.but in the game play nothing to do more than skipping the stones.but still one can enjoy it.so many updates needed.,1
stewart gavin : well what can i say? brilliant game play with amazing sound i could listen to the sound and relax! good little missions,1
jo : this game is so much fun and ever since i downloaded it i have never deleted it. it is very beautiful and vivid,1
moni null : fun and absolutely gorgeous. some of the challenges are very hard but they actually let you earn enough coins to buy your way out instead of forcing you to try and fail a zillion times.,1
noha abdelraouf : i have a problem with level 32 where i have to wingsuit for 200m in one run,0
huw cunningham : stumbled upon a truly marvellous game here. such a nice chill game and everyone should download. massive fan of the zen mode!!! awesome game,1
star garrison : i love this game except when you get new phones your old data's erased and some other games keep it so that.is kinda sad but .....,1
a google user : overall it's a good game but not interesting you'll get bored soon,1
oscar hernandez : simple,1
miniops12 : great game,1
cronus tecson : i hardly notice those rocks beyond the horizon which causes me to fail regularly and it definitely needs time to master but those scenery are gorgeous that are just hard to resist just like when the sun sets and feels like its the end of the world,0
tarik mctarik : beautiful graphics,1
sych : the best calming game ever! if you feel stressed,1
denise diaz vega : it's such a wonderful game. beautiful graphics,1
trishen gounden : i've downloaded ,1
richard pinder : game was very fun,1
jack koch : incredibly simple and entertaining game. easy to sit back and relax while playing. very cool graphics are simple but impressive quality.,1
random fandom : nice game,1
stubby stu : absolutely amazing game 5/5 would be nice if you could choose to go left at the start of the game instead of just right,1
kristoffer : warning! the coin doubler does not remove ads! paid 5 dollars for an ad-ridden game! unplayable rubbish.,0
hitesh gupta : this is one of my favourite game the graphic sound controls all are superior. i most like the zen mod of the game with a fantastic music,1
jane : i think this game is really good because it helps me relax and it just makes me want to be there! the art work is beautiful the music is really peaceful and they did a really good job of making this game. so noodlecake studio thank you so much for this wonderful game!,1
daniel mejia : this game has absolutely beautiful graphics and soundscape,1
karlo vuk : very fun. a few annoying bugs but still well made and enjoyable.,0
gaurav singh : very low coins available and the cost of buying is highl!!! and also clumsy control!,1
amir hampel : terrible controls. one action: jump. over rocks you can barely see,0
a google user : neat game design,1
arsh s. dugg : nice game but it puts strains on eyes its difficult to see oncoming objects,1
torsten heikaus : a ver good game when you wait for the train or bus. don't need to play it everyday to get rewards,1
dusan bucuric : why is access to contacts needed? only one life counters experimentation. once you live long enough the game finds a way to kill you. pay to win.,0
dipanjan das : one of the greatest games i've ever played... and this is the only game,1
that i kept in my phone for quite a long time...,1
blueskygaming : great! it relieves so much stress. its calm and very swift. just one request. a zen mode set up option. we you can pick the time of day,1
marta : i love everything about thus game,1
a google user : the new update itself came with a bug. the game worked fine before the recent update. now the game automatically get paused while i'm playing it. i have to resume many times in the middle of the same run. pls look into it.!!!,0
a google user : the most amazing thing about this game after the storytelling is the environment and the transformation between the weather and the day time.,0
sami himedan : this game is absolutely amazing,1
pat mabie : i hate you guys sooo much! you know you are playing an awesome game when you start having dreams about it. very fun game,1
johnny sherman : wow i like everything music,1
dimitri petrushak : i will give 5 stars if you make alto gain speed going downhill by ducking/holding down.,1
aalap shah : this game is a must download for everyone who loves endless runners but is tired of all the temple run wannabes. good graphics,1
darker spork : i love this game,1
oh wow : it's amazing except for the fact when i use the llama horn and hit a rock the whole screen glitches out. please fix this!,0
akshay verma : love the game,1
sprintlg four : it's the best game ever the only thing is that you can do grunt flips to,1
spencer sqwall : in your newest update,1
sally howe : relaxing unlike most game apps. stunning. could use more tricks other than back flip.,1
absolute ese : the best game i ever played great controls and mostly liked by my cousins,1
tanmay jagdale : it is a beautiful game and i love the graphics and music and the controls are easy to use but i wish there was an easier way to get coins not including buying them. maybe make it so that every 5 thousand points you get 100 free coins? also,0
xxzioimibiexx : this is one seriously killer mobile game!! it looks gorgeous! has really nice music,1
mohammed haider : the reason zen mode was made is so you cant die!!! so please put the rocks away they ruin the flow of zen mode and its annoying,0
bekka babcock : while the graphics are great and the game being bug and glitch free it gets,1
boring after you've upgraded the few things you can and unlocked all the,0
people you can,1
jesse poe : i actually played the game on a display phone first but i had to get it afterwords,1
k : outstanding dynamics,1
ash arson : this is literally the coolest and most relaxing game i've ever played.,1
sreemoyee mukherjee : i don't usually give reviews. but this is one incredible game. this is comfort to the soul.,1
abhishek patil : this is a no1 game in the world i think to give this games infinite stars,1
nick nderitu : one of the best platfomer games out there. i had rated it 5 but i'm going with 3 because of the annoying ads,1
mejovai : s'more tricks other than backflips can do wonders for this game.. it's so relaxing already,1
kate doherty : smooth,1
karen miller : i really like this game. i would like to be able to hear my own music or listen to podcasts while playing.,1
sreeram t s : stunning graphics. it relaxes you completely after a hectic day,1
chris smith : fun game,1
nathan sunders : one of the best snowboarding games ever made...beautiful scenery and captivating music aside the gameplay is solid...,1
a google user : my past progress is not restoring after reinstalling the game,0
a google user : the game is nice very nice. if you haven't downloaded it yet you better download it.,1
jakub koralewski : can't get over the chasm and can't find the tip how to do it in level one so can't really play it ...,1
philip umbel : omg most simple game ever but so addictive!!! an awesome game i've spent hours at a time on here,1
gustavo di salvo : very nice,1
hollow sirens : its pretty cool they should maje like a an online race mode against other players and some more gadgets besides that there should more night jazz music too.,0
grant lanier : just a glitch when you use the lama horn and if you hit a rock the game freaks out otherwise great game,1
joel radhakrishnan : a masterpiece of gaming! i'm so impressed. i loved it a lot especially the,1
music which is relaxing. great job developers. thanks for each and everyone,1
who made this really amazing well designed game. amazing!* yours,1
lovingly,1
cale : the game is very addicting but the elders in the mountains get very annoying.,1
siddharth tadury : 1 of the most amazing game i've ever played,1
aiman fakhry : add more soundtrack at zen mode,1
jared ondrea : it's a fun mobile game to listen to relaxing music but still have a challenge to it and amazing looking game,1
anita walia : truly amazing! one of the best games i've come across. has a relaxing music and is a stress buster. superb graphics. good job! i recommend it for all :),1
t0nyfightfan : take notes! this is how you make a free to play title. congratulations noodlecake studios for this amazing game!,1
a google user : a++ only thing it might need is a bit more diversity in the map,0
mia rose : i think this game is awesome because it's really fun and i play it every day now with my sibiling,1
sabooh khan : amazing game. i was stuck playing this game for an hour. amazing graphics too.,1
shai marah : everything is so pretty! the gameplay is nice too,1
likes a game with good graphics!,1
ethen bell : may seem boring at first but once you get into it it's an amazing game,1
kjsteed : simply amazing....makes me want to play and experience it the was the character is. i love it. definitely recommend,1
aranno abrar : i drain my battery from 100 to 0 every time i play this!,1
sumedh bengale : this game is just awesome!! the graphics,1
cozyin : amazing and beautiful game. the artwork and effort put into this game is unbelievably,1
epislon gion : the say they set up the ads is a very smart move. they are not a pain at all,0
risnandar al-ghifari : graphics down,1
dennis rence : i think the elders should be jumping over the rocks too the player can't be the only one jumping rocks and the player should have back flip and front flip and when you give a challenge make that stage have all the available requirement for the challenge. thank you,0
2 wheeled scotsman : amazing game,1
mod1t mod1t : this game works as far as i can tell using a xbox 360 controller,1
a google user : best app ever i can't stop playing it...good job alto creators,1
sophia lohman : this game is absolutely beautiful! the picture is so nice and honestly this is the most aesthetically pleasing game i've ever seen! it's so addicting and with new goals it never gets old!!,1
adman370 : watching an ad to revive should allow you another shot to play. one time when i did it,0
keemart degracia : ive played it once on my tab. end remembered to play it again. cool,1
gameplay and graphics though. now again i played it on another device. cuz,1
my tab got "crack" awesome game i tell you all whos reading ryt now!,1
chillin game features also with goody vibes ambiance with background music.,1
#relaxwhileplaying.. nice! hope you create another game like this.. and,1
more characters. lets update more guys. . :d,1
anne gabrielle dinglasan : i really enjoyed the music used in the game. it is the best one i heard from all the games i played,1
salva perez : this is the best game in all of the google store,1
sandy haggard : this game is amazing! cant think of anything to write about. unless its the music. the really good in normal mode,1
aniket kanade : awesome game.. play using headphone for amazing sound effects,1
stephen omar el-khatib : an excellent little game. can't wait for the upcoming skate game!,1
md alexender rex : i really loved the way the game looks.its quite relaxing and fun at the same time.,1
emma rollins : you can't listen to spotify during zen mode? why? i used to be able to,1
josh bennett : so many hours have been spent in this game. i absolutely love it! cannot wait for the sequel.,1
shiv sai choudhury : i love this game. it is easy but not so much easy. please all download this game and enjoy !!!,1
strange one : nothing special. really nice graphics,1
deka pk : well..... guys probably the best game in play store under 100 mb,1
bagus budiman : simple graphic,1
blue : the music and art style are amazing! i hope to see more great games from you in the future!,1
segment 6543 : i love it! this is the game i've been looking for. graphic is stunning gameplay is flawless and it run smoothly,1
haroldas : i love this game only for beautiful visuals! it's calming and really neat game!,1
leonard asmarandei : great game overall but the watch video button doesn't work.,0
dayanand moonoo : great game! amazing material graphics. a true indie masterpiece!,1
henry cabot : smooth graphics,1
tjsk v : this game is very good and a great time killer. loved it!,1
claire warby : once you get the hang of this,1
landry smith : it was a awesome game i loved it i'm sure you l will love it to!,1
elohim monkoy : this junk is stupid i can't even pass the first level,1
meenu kamboj : addictive the game looks beautiful and plays without any harsh effects,1
soham sengupta : amazing game.the graphics and the music are very delightful and i guess that's why the game is very relaxing and enjoyable.,1
semir : good job,1
parth patel : the zen mode is the best. this game will have be permanently installed on my phone.,1
a google user : really a very nice game. awesome graphics and smooth controls. soft and calming music. really loved it.,1
ankit pasawala : nothing is more soothening than this game. it's more of a meditation session than just game.,1
alif mun : good graphics,1
juan martinez : i love it it's such good graphics it's like a mixtre of adventure & action,1
aztec panda : amazing,1
brandon jones : i like the way they made the graphics,0
c m : wants access to my phone's contacts. nope!,1
jehoshaphat nartey : awesome. first game i download on every new phone. just awesome,1
oregi 151g : is is just the greatest game i've ever played in my life,1
sakee siva : its very awesome. music was amazing. when i play that game i feel fantastic .keep going,1
a google user : i love this game - beautiful graphics,1
abhinav : best game ever.,1
rad homez : awesome game,1
viktor zhang : surely one of mobile best games. great scenery,1
seychelles maximus : one of my fav addictive game,1
steam powered pines : i enjoy playing this game so much! the graphics are beautiful!,1
ben westlake : best graphics best stress relief and so relaxing music and so relaxing atmosphere of the game,1
marc ferrazzano : fun fun game. gradually gets harder. zen mode is actually relaxing.,1
ignatius : i love everything about it,1
kuro ch. : awesome! this game is just beautiful! stunning graphics,1
pluhi : it's amazing you can make it to do front flip too,1
sarvesh shinde : really loved the music in zen mode. waiting for alto's odessey.,1
richard molina : i like all of the front flips on it,1
a google user : very fun and addictive. i could play this for hours. worth the space it takes up,1
bhaskar ghosh : this is best game .it's control very smooth and graphic is also very nice,1
mason maseda : the graphics are great i love how smooth it is on my google pixel.,1
a google user : it was some thing adeectibpve the graphics looks cool and perfect for plyaing,1
abubakr ali : it is my favorite mobile game ever,1
k-armey : i play this game on win 10,1
danielle espitia : i love the graphics and animation it has. it's just so fun to play,1
john congdon : overall the game is great,1
john goundry : no way to import progress from other os',1
rz g : i never knew that there was mount everest in the game.,1
sekar : beautiful scenery,1
hyam bolande : wonderful design,1
ehmyr allie : awesome simple time killing app. loved it,1
jakub daliga : awesome game. it's an artistic masterpiece,1
stefanie ann behe : amazing and addicting. clean,1
bhushan jain : just reminds me of countryside in my childhood. graphics and music is heart touching,1
jeff dugerby : wow,1
pedro lima : it's very simple and easy to play. however it is hard to advance to further "levels". it's a lovely game.,1
market place : excellent game. play casually or set a goal. extremely fun to play casually while listening to music.,1
grevil lopes : music is so pleasant. it feels relaxing just to play this game.,1
dayna rider : it is a good way to relax and i love the lama that can snowboard.,1
bondan rachmat : great minimalistic art design + relaxing background melody = alto's adventure,1
may : i love the graphics and the music with it. it gives off this warm kind of vibe and i love it!,1
a google user : one of the best. i recommend you should play this satisfying game.,1
abdul rahim ansari : the gameplay and design of the game is amazing but it lacks cloud save feature.,1
angom geetchandra : this is so unique.. it has a magical,1
dave keeps on bullying me : i just really liked this game how it looked how it changed how it feels,1
marcemicah oliverio : such a peaceful and relaxing game but it also has a fun challenge i love it,1
lorand kent : the best mobile game and really gorgeous to perfect for people who love art design,1
mungy sus : definitely the best looking phone game i've played and also has the best soundtrack aswell,1
a google user : i play this game every time i'm stressed and it calms me down and i love the remixing music,1
francis gulotta : great game they sold out,1
radhakrishna vudata : outstanding graphicss....and the music was a pleasure to ears & perfect controls...totally fabulous game which had become my favouritee..,1
jessica humphreys : no glitches at all! smooth and addicting gameplay. please make another one!!,1
a google user : its a fun enjoyable game and sooo much more but i dont know how to keep the guys from chasing you,1
abrar alam : the most physics rich endless runner with beautiful art style and music!,1
bella ski : this game is very amazing you dont need wifi which by the way is awesome,1
tanisha nagevadia : i love the backgrounds and the music and the entire game overall! literally the best game out there.,1
amish patel : awsome try to make a good game. keep making some more like this,1
dendel 62 : 1 star not given because it always keep lagging when i always play it.,0
joe griffin : too many adverts ruining the actual game,1
austin martz-miller : meh kind of boring and not enough upgrades,1
bharani akella : this is the most beautiful android game that i've played!,1
ryan edwards : it's awesome and such fun to play when your board and it's completely free,1
shubham battoo : best free game on play store? yes. just too good. made very nicely and one of a kind. very relaxing zen mode.,1
spxdes_ keotic : i think it is a challenging game and very fun to play,1
zach o'donnell : the game has nice calm music and the controls are easy,1
jhansi devi : the best snow board game i have played,1
a google user : excellent what a beauty marvellous game ever i played everyone should play this game,1
umakant kumar : although game is good but there is no control over weather in the game if you are playing in sunlight you will not be able to play the game if it becomes night in game,1
jorden williams : so cool its just a game with tons of adventure keep up the good work,1
elia dimiropoulos : i need to say but this is the best gamw iv ever played,1
__sooraj__ : i liked the zen mode and the music of game keep us intresting,1
ian mccurdy : this game is so much fun i play it a lot and nipples,1
martha r-j : i love this game because of the simple controls,1
victor moroz : because you must turn off display timeout in games.,1
hamza rabi : it would be better if it has a good arabic translation rather than a google translation.,1
nick plummer : perfect graphics and its very beautiful very adictive game very relaxing and enjoyable,1
emma cornelius : this an impressive game! very aesthetically pleasing and addicting.,1
difa abdussalam : simple gameplay,1
lz lazri : i dont have words for this game ..amazing,1
v a r u n : th3 graphic are very cool and i love it also you also try this,1
evil boy : nice game.this game is awesome.the graphics are nice and the sound quality..... made a deep impression on me....the zen mode in this game....is made to play with headphones... if u play the zen mode with headphones ull not be able to control urself to rate it 5 star....good job....noodlecake studios...,1
ramya sp : a waste and dabba game i hate it,1
joy goswami : keep calm and get lost in alto's world!,1
david post : amazing game,1
a google user : you know guys this game is very nice it removes stressed from me and have a good music and graphics i love this great game ilove the music,1
akhil kumar : the game is far more satisfying than a noodle or a cake!,1
rahul kashelani : simple and easy,1
george huggan : great game,1
sushmita das : really good game to relax and pass time.,1
abhishek pandey : awosome gameplay peaceful music and relaxing game nice graphics i suggest everyone to play this game,1
destroyers007 : this game is so addictive,1
luke rabe : amazing,1
isabelle bamford : i love this game so much but i especially like the zen mode,1
peer : lots of long-term gameplay,1
ashok : the graphics are surreal and captivating..an awesome game,1
marty worrall : great game,1
a google user : it's very peaceful,1
jyotsna ekapure : it's an amazing game ..must try it... gets addicted to it,1
saucey feet : over this game was amazing... the music made everything more soothing. and the sound when the rain starts pooring down is great! i loved this game... it's soo good!!! and the thing that i love the most... no ads!!!,1
karthik biju : i loved the music which helps you to play without boring best game i downloaded so far,1
young_ nugget215 : i think that this is the best game ever because it kind of action and kind of adeventure game! $$$$=),1
a google user : i think that this game is great. i play it everyday is a blast and i just love it,1
kazi islam : tremendous creation. beautiful. keep up the good work,1
aryan haghparast : this game is simply awesome eventhough it makes me sad!!,1
mint fish : cannot use cloudsave.plz add it!i,1
rahul venkatesh : its good to play.. but some missions are hard to finish,1
heybriana md : it has good graphics and design it's really addictive,1
ranjana malakar : my favourite game,1
yogendra verma : played in iphone nice performance now playing in android nice game,1
uchiha obito : this is a really nice game and the music in the game is also very pleasant,1
ayurya kademani : super fantastic game i love this game music and graphics super,1
biplab nandi : this is a stunning,1
pooja kapoor : best mobile game indeed best music i am also waiting for the next adventure alto oddessy,1
devesh bhadauria : loved it.... awsm graphics and relaxing game play fun with adventure.... got damn addictive,1
sudarshan sen : this is the best game ever in my life. it's pleasant and relaxing. very good graphics ,1
djsn3k / sn3kgos : it is a good game,1
sudeep banjade : this game has zero defects....wow all things in this game are awesome....thankyou alto,1
gabriel ginter : beautiful game,1
meenesh waran : it is a beautiful game. amazing graphics of climatic and weather change,1
a google user : awesome animation and only the game which i love so much..,1
a google user : absolutely amasing and spent lots of time on zen mode just admiring the art style and the backdrop,1
a google user : i suggest this game for all except for babies.,1
ellen mantiziba : this game is definitely worth your while. thegraphics are quite stunning,1
matt : great graphics and soothing gameplay! good job,1
walter jones : awesome game. strange but also fun!,1
ravindra kumar srivastava : relaxing game with great music,1
r patra : addictive,1
jake hummels : a very addictive game.. love it,1
nish anth : the running guy was too small in size.. please make it some large size...,1
that crackhead kachow : it was amazing yet game stressfull but amazinn,1
jo : absolutely beautiful and quite addictive. this game is wonderful!,1
dead wire : i think this game has a great concept and zen mode is amazing i just wish you could do more tricks,1
rosalina sanchez : i love the quality and graphics. not bad. not bad at all.,0
anyuan li : graphics are beautiful and it's a great way to pass the time.,1
harbaljinder kaur : it's graphics are amazing and the game play is awesome i love this game,1
lee h : ads have been added and it's requesting contact access.,0
gabriela dominguez : one of my favoriye games that i haved played ever!!,1
bior manyok : it's the best in the world my score 1'867,1
jacky luong : beautiful graphics and gameplay. deserves to be editor's choice,1
amruta navale : it is good you must install this game .good,1
keval : awesome game.can u make a android tv version,1
mayank suman : must give it a try... have great fluidic graphics,1
karen peppers : it's the best game i've ever played,1
gusti vijaya : the movement is smooth but only has a few styles.,1
androido official : altos adventure and chameleon is an addictive game. must have app.,1
dhrishwin sasikumar : excellent app simple and creative and i really liked its background music l had a good gaming experience with this cool game must try it,1
saga r : background,1
hyron damoslo : good game i love the music good game good graphics and i love the music,1
rajesh sahoo : this is the most cool game i ever played,1
avinash atmakuri : its nice but we want something else,1
elijah wright : best game ever made for phones it is awesome love it,1
shinobi panda : awesome probably my frav game now xd,1
screech : i think it's awesome...i play it to help me get to sleep,1
michael stephens : this is what an app game should be!,1
shae _ : such a fun game. absolutely love it,1
a google user : just amazing,1
ali raza : background music,1
marco diaz : well work ,1
cyril j : prefect music i like so much background music .... the music gave some feeling... so i give 5* for music graphic work... good " alto" team keep update try something new... addition to this game without change music .... who work for music i salute you... your creativity thank you,1
umar farooq : i have to say,1
aman b : nice game. makes up for the cause.,1
anmol singh tuteja : all the graphics were broken in my devices it's just showing pink color!!!!!,1
chase mitchell : this game is fairly simple but is just stunning.,1
tomas whelan : temple run is nothing compared to this!,1
kaushik mishra : not bad not bad at all. just the gameplay could be better,0
mohan j : good very nice gaming experience.. play an interesting a game..,1
miss basma : this made me smile incredible,1
nova gaming : stunning games love the graphics and the game play great game,1
demon_king_47_ : i like this game very much....and the fact that i'm very good at it makes everything better!!,1
rufus white : fun and a real time killer that's peaceful,1
bec walsh : a nice peaceful game with calming graphics :-),1
aminath ismail : great game the scenary made me play the game great game,1
zoty chomik : it's so beautiful graphic and game,1
dark knight : best game ever i got 2 say that this game is the best.,1
a google user : i looooove this game so relaxing and fun!!,1
william : very fun and entertaining.download if you can,1
ahily khirad : it's the best game i ever played. everything is fantastic...the music,1
daniel hall : addicting game with great graphics and music!,1
karan.l yash : it is a mind blowing game.,1
domfin : the best android game ive played,1
a google user : it is great but hard to gain speed,1
bruh gx : the best indie game i played,1
melody moyer : i love this game its so calming,1
titania snowfeather : makes my phone run super hot,1
xen hacker : best game and best relaxing music of the world,1
caleb rudnick : maybe my favourite game on android atm,1
ya boi slitz : the way they make the game it is so awsome,1
koifish 79 : this game is amazing. plain and simple,1
nebularnectar : it's super cool. gets addictive,1
marcos garcia : beautifully designed. simply game play.,1
jack vince : excellent game. very fun and addictive.,1
glenn abraham : you guys are the best! thank you for the game,1
fuad shahriar : nothing to say about this game. this game is praise worthy.,1
keyur shah : stunning visuals,1
gaurav kumar : awesome especially the soothing music track,1
divyansh pathak : best time killer game ever...amazing music and graphics.,1
supreet b : days r shorter & nights longer,1
kamariah walata : it's a fun game its really fun,1
rishitanksh ghosh : superb graphics and a blockbuster super duper hit game,1
infinite gamer yt : love this game incredible graphics and controls!,1
lakhvinder singh : the layout,1
a google user : the sfx and music is great. the control can be more,1
anirudh singh : the best you can get,1
kevin l. : kool game,1
inspire. : is good to spend time yay,1
shahnawaz ansari : kindly add more soundtracks and tricks to do,1
nate roslewicz : great game for those slow days,1
veronica b : very cute game and awesome graphics.,1
diego reyes : feels good to play it,1
pratima pandey : peace and fun. the rare combo. amazing one.,1
i m : amazing. peaceful. beautiful music. this game is a masterpiece.,1
rajender kumar : fabulous performance of the game great graphics and good control,1
audrey o'keefe : this game is so relaxing and the graphics are beautiful!!,1
azha : this game just awesome and its graphic is super cool.lone this game,1
ompu.m : your game is great i give it 5,1
ritik satam : pleasant game......with awesome atmosphere.....and climatic changesloved it,1
a google user : the game is extremely beautiful and gameplay is addictive.,1
roshan : excellent challenging great graphics and background music,1
nick sucks at drawing : one question. is there a way to have the same progress on 2 devices? great game btw,0
a google user : relaxing music,1
shaik ashra : very very very good game must download it,1
maxie veloz : so freaking awesome and relaxing. i loveeeee it! (especially zen mode.),1
nathaniel wozny : i love the zeb mode it's so peacefull,1
shriniketmani tripathi : amazing game its so pleasent,1
spide 07 : best game iylts so cool,1
seyed mahmoud arzideh : i enjoy this game every time,1
jhostin ramirez : its great the music graphics everything,1
sridar rao : it is fun and really a good game,1
ajeeth suresh : incredible graphics nice game loved it,1
silly sock : i love in the simplicity their is complexity,1
yeagerist forever : needs modification but i love it,1
leojit thounaojam : one of my best game ever,1
a google user : super fun to play while high,1
shizan dawood shaikh : this game is another word of relaxation,1
logan frost : one of the best game till the date,1
mohammed aazib hussain : the best game in play store,1
shreesharan : i liked the background music and area of this game.,1
jade chong : it's one of the best games in the world on youtube,1
zain : it's graphics are stunning fantastic game love it,1
exonly 1090 : for your information...i always lose in this game..........because i keep looking at this *beautiful graphic*......,1
ashley nhiwatiwa : beautiful graphics,1
merlin z : best game ever!!! create more games like this!!!,1
momen hasan : aesthetically it's awesome...one of the best graphics...after badland great animation games i've ever played..so much adventure in this game..love it,1
luis gonzalez : please fix the "watch a video" button to revive characters. galaxy s5,0
danielle baham : it is a way to release your self!,1
travis : edit: why does the app suddenly want access to my contacts?! ----- previous review:beautiful! thanks so much for making this game! ^_^,1
evan waechtler : just wish more characters would be added.,1
a google user : a little northern lights would be like icing on the cake,1
black.0ut -00 : awesomely addictive.,1
mo_e90 : it's relaxing super fun well graphics and simple,1
mina das : i just love the zen mode.its my fav,1
eka pratiwi : i cant reset it. please fix it,1
cole kraft : great little game to waste time with.,1
augustine okello : this game is dope,1
sterling harding : this is a very addicting game that doesnt pesture ypu with ads this game has no in app purchases so you know these people arent wanting money,1
driftiest_follower : just upgraded to the s8+,1
a google user : ive played this game for hours at walmart waiting. on my wife to get done shopping.,1
logan harlost : this game is awesome !!!! love the zen mode. plug in some headphones and you will feel relaxed while playing!!!!,1
daniel preston : this game is a brilliant game to spend time on,1
gaming maniac : this is a good game.....download it and play......awesome sound and normal graphics .....need more updates .....love it.....good luck,1
vishu : music is awesome,1
pseudo coffee : one of the best casual games.,1
thechannel : fantastic graffics,1
james perry : great way to pass the time.,1
shogun : alto's adventure is a good game,1
a google user : beautiful,1
elstin s : amazing graphics and awesome music.,1
a google user : aaaaawwesome !!!very nice graphics and easy to control .very good gameplay,1
jordan stratford : wouldbe ok if i could see where the rocks are,1
gary romero : great game,1
prasad panvelkar : awesomee game.. superb graphics..silent music u can feel the game with headphones,1
alvin theakham : an addictive game.very quaint.,1
trai snow : zen mode..... i could go hours playing the zen mode.... the rain and thunder sounds makes me crash land my self and just sit there with the character and enjoy.... i am zen.....!! :d,1
anurag singh : how can i restore my previous game play,1
ashish kumar : music,1
sak hinduja : please make these game multiplayer game,1
baby gupta : it's a very very very good game..,1
md. mostafa azad ratul : i am addicted for this game...,1
wizrdmastr 88 : you can play 4 ever but after a bit it makes you hold the screen and flip forever,0
musashi miyamoto : a very relaxing game.,1
galaxy eagle 100% : wow... i know this game from my friend,1
i am busy right now : please add a avalanche mood as well.,1
a google user : easy,1
it's narendran : best ever game played.,1
ko : a great game overall,1
nusan shrestha : perrfect when there's no internet available,1
joy paul : very fun and very addicting!,1
akshay sachdeva : supercute...loved the music !! background weather is nice,1
aziz mustika aji : love this game too much!,1
smita vaidya : good game....must play atleast once!!!!,1
ibadurrahman khalil : love it. esp. the music,1
sai kiran : my would it was i love alto's to love it,1
sky fisher : can't wait for alto's odyssey!,1
gabe : can't wait for alto's odessy!!,1
hariprasad : great design and great music guys..fun to play...great effort,1
mihajlo tejic : this is best game ever!,1
marcial lao : great game,1
marina tupran : beautiful,1
trisha saikia : love the game.. very peaceful. soothing sounds and good graphics.,1
marilia kalouli : to much purchase anoyance,1
aswathy sarath : i love is game .... i will enjoyed very much,1
just_ ella : i loved it,1
bill crane : there really should be an option to hold his breath.,1
shabeer shabi : an excellent game...superb graphics and bgm...thanks for developers,1
a google user : very fun,1
alex : its free ! it was 6,1
selva s : nice graphics and sounds....love it,1
therese guanzon : i love the zen mode!,1
a google user : i love this game!!,1
a google user : it's fun and relaxing,1
t-recker 1000 : i loved this game from when i saw it,1
manish toraskar : addictive game..must play..,1
naren pari : yup liked very much ....alto a great child,1
ashkan karimiyan : great game!,1
prajyot naik : adventurous game,1
lucky choudhary : beautiful piece of graphics....... loved it..,1
only dreaming moon story : just fckng perfect.,1
michel dufour : this game is great.,1
s k : awesome......it defines all.....,1
anthony brown : love this game buttons are glitchy but love the game,1
tara waterman : it's so beautiful,1
m d : full of passion and grace.,1
gopala krishnan : it's a good game,1
joshua musa : it's kinda of a inspiration,1
moaz reda : as trump would say .....tremendous,1
anaximandro godinho : relaxing and beautiful game.,1
pie boi : really relaxing gameplay.,1
yolanda gonzalez : it's soooo cool,1
farhad bhadha : it is the so relaxing!,1
pranesh lakshmanasamy : the vedio is not working..,1
paik & yogesh : must play it..atleast once,1
harsheyt s : music is amazing!!,1
gaurav bisht : just simple and awesome!!!,1
bifocal autumn : it's so fun,1
matthew lorenzo : a+++ best time waster,1
goka ra'n : it must have a frontflip option also,1
sumit dey : one of the best!,1
luka vekic : great game 10/10,1
cherishdalove : extremely relaxing!,1
anthony : awesome overall!!!!!,1
a google user : great game!!,1
a google user : good and addictive,1
shady.gh0st : good but could be better,1
medhajit pahari : soothing!,1
a google user : it is a very good game,1
angel garcia : the game is so good,1
suman patwari : not a bad for time pass,1
sarath k : perfect time pass game,1
md mukarram : good game and music also,1
a google user : i think this is the best game,1
rogue nation : awesome somewhat challenging on the controls,1
penjejak outdoor : great game with superb visual,1
heisenberg : good animation and scound experience,1
durgapal singh : it is a very good game,1
micah hanson : this game is fun and calming,1
alice wallice : i think this game is the best,1
shubham hawaldar : best game play in adventure,1
a google user : i love it it is really nice,1
jerry dozier : love this game great action,1
suhail : the zen mode is beautiful,1
dell thomas : simple but very addictive,1
rowland mynors : the perfect mobile game,1
noah doust : it is a lot of fun!!!!!!!!!!,1
thegrey hoodedone : its actualy not that bad,1
kjoter : loved it!!! amazing graphics,1
pruthvi shetty : really relaxing,1
chackochi thomas : it is marvelous.,1
steve bolt : simply stunning.,1
kate emmert : absolutely beautiful.,1
nanakofa : love the simplicity,1
vijith vincent : addicted...,1
ray williams : love this game.,1
a google user : absolutely brill !!!!!!!,1
eric zizumbo : how lovely.,1
david lyimo : great game.,1
a google user : great app,1
ayan sinha mahapatra : the best.,1
neal : it's good,1
umang rustagi : most beautiful concept and most beautiful graphics,1
sreelekshman s : awsome game....,1
sathish sds : super game please instal it...,1
oskar den arend : want to watch and a video? no? well have an ad instead!,0
nerd 4ever : help me please,1
tech games funzone : best graphic game,1
maria elena : a awesome game,1
gantamir bazarkhuu : one of best game,1
ehzha : love the wing suit,1
colin campbell : highly recommend this app,1
dipayan biswas : very nice game,1
m e : best game and bgm,1
a google user : awesome great game,1
anajahwa hunte : games awesome tho,1
ayden figueroa : it is a cool game,1
jackson obel : very well made,1
muneer hassan : i love this game,1
ricky williams : awesome cool amazing,1
damian sharp : good game a masterpiece,1
priyam : very good for playing,1
pratik katare : very beautiful game,1
faisal niyazi : verrrrryyyyyy good game,1
roy alexander : outstanding game experience,1
rahul shankar : amazing sound quality,1
nikro nikri : really kick ass,1
siddhesh kumbhar : grateful music of this game,1
alex : so calming and fun,1
nenad zunic : relaxing...,1
nirban : hey dev,1
payton mason : i think it was a okay game,1
anirudh dasari : the background music though,1
satish patil : aswm incredicble game by noodlecake ........,1
owen keys : beautifully executed game,1
dominic weinhaupl : love it so much,1
adam robertson : beautiful and addicting game,1
a google user : i love this game,1
kaushal gogula : how to escape elders,1
oye sunil : great game,1
scott silveira : very calming,1
samuel brenner : great game,1
a google user : exactly nice,1
jayson : pretty good,1
brian watts : great game,1
tshepo lentor : actually fantastic,1
sebastian : great game,1
seal _ : super sharp,1
sanjay gangber : totally awesome,1
abhishek rout : its awesome,1
haresh pagare : good graphics,1
aidan roach : its awesome,1
andi kurniajaturiatama : great game,1
natalie preece : pretty cool,1
khaled amir : simply the best,1
curtley adams : simply awesome,1
weston oliver : simply elegant,1
wild child : very relaxing,1
jalen johnson : cool g,1
rahul crajput : simple and awesome,1
k t : it was great,1
ajit kumar pani : best for music,1
sung : cool graphics,1
a google user : love the music,1
harrison navarra : great graphics,1
r- : beautiful graphics,1
sanjar kasmamytov : that's aswome!,1
marco orozco : addictive,1
vibha datt : tough,1
kanish raja : boring,1
unknown unknown : beast,1
jason ji sung yun : what is a proximity backflip??,1
geetha geetha : i love this game even i deleted all the game,1
kolimlim,1
k pratik : cool,1
indra/manuel arevalo : cool,1
misuvgn : incredible,1
a google user : cool,1
pranay biswas : addictive,1
arun ramachandran : no updates,1
prantik bora : the " people " who want to play this game should think thrice ( or maybe just once) ,1
isma r : down rate to 1. i have unlocked almost all char. when i change phone and install again,0
muhammed pradeep : mind cooler,1
abdullah shaikh : epic graphics,1
a google user : it sucked,1
siya shamase : bosses,1
charlie o'grady : beautiful design and look,1
samer ali : i really love the game,1
macey giles : i completed this game and unlocked everything and it was amazing. the pace takes some getting used to,1
ltreat : i uninstalled this game months ago for storage purposes and having come back to it full of fond memories,1
mr.corny corn : uhm,1
maxwell dyirakumunda : this game is nothing like i have ever played,1
erin ferguson : this game is meant to be enjoyed,1
kaustav ganguly : exactly what a mobile video game should be after a hectic day. beautiful to look at,1
james talmage : after watching adds to keep going,0
terry wang : there's not much to do once you've finished the game. i'd like it if there was some kind of "marathon mode" that would be unlocked after completing all 180 goals,0
luke george : really good game to sit down with and relax. deffinately worth a try. one thing to look at would be the syncing of other devices,1
ethan dunn : this game is beautifully crafted and developed. it couldn't be executed in a better way. the ads are in the forms of videos to revive alto. so there's no unnecessary span that takes away from the experience. the graphics are unlike any other mobile game i've seen. the attention to detail and smoothness coincide perfectly to create a perfect gaming experience. the nature of the game is in a sense exciting,0
dev shahbajaj : i love the game and overall gaming concept but what i didn't like is too much darkness when sunset occurs and moon takes the place. the things become invisible that creates lot of eyestrain during play. i think a game colors should be eye friendly. kindly think over this .,1
devin kennedy : altos adventure is not perfect. it's a great game with incredible graphics and relaxing music. it's an endless runner that combines addicting features such as goals and achievements. it's simple gameplay makes it easy to get lost in. however,1
alex nolen : have had it for over a year now,1
william kew : this game combines elements from two of my all-time favourites; journey,1
chopper girl : oddly,1
jake charlson : i find this game very relaxing,1
alex red : love this game. very visually beautiful and simple play yet a lot of fun. only issue is that the watch ad system is a bit buggy and sometimes doesn't work or takes a good few minutes to work or causes the game to freeze briefly on the continue screen (but the end game button still works fine).,0
manea sergiu : game is purly awesome. edit: 1. sometimes on high boost while passing through coin magnet or mega coins,1
steven scibetta : i have no problems with games that have minor bugs,1
kristina kusnierova : i love the simple and beautiful design,1
morgan landreth : it's fun and can be challenging without being annoyingly difficult. the adds are only there as an option to give you extra lives or free coins so that's nice. nothing is hidden behind a paywall except for a coin doubler which is unnecessary thanks to the free coins from videos. i also enjoy the objectives that allow you to unlock new characters. zen mode is a nice bonus too. all around great game. 4 stars because it lags a bit on my nexus 6p.,0
alisha lumpkin : i love everything about this game. music,1
zak bradow : but when i do it has to be for good reason. i can say that you'll love this game. its smooth stylish graphics and great sounds make it an easy game to play over and over. it has easy challenges that will make you try over and over again. and the best part is they don't ask you over and over to rate them. i came here just to say how good they are on my own.,0
nothis realname : this game is almost perfect. the game play lends itself to replayability,1
a google user : on the surface,1
a google user : a true masterpiece. the sound of cold breeze whirling past your ear,1
rob every : proof that you don't need to be a ruthless cash hound to make money you just have to execute. this game is lovely to look at,0
merrill : zen mode is the best - wish there was a separate stat screen for zen. i love that you can skip tasks - i'm barely able to beat an elder once in a race. love the last unlock abilities,0
brad terp : excellent game and runs very smooth. very intuitive controls (being as simple as they need to be) and above that its fun. the challenges will keep you going and some really do get troublesome and push you to get better. overall i love it. would recomend,1
joshua barker : when there's an ad free version to purchase. also ski safari is vastly more forgiving on sticking the landings which tells me this developer wants your game interrupted frequently to ad blitz you or make you want to buy coins. visually i like this alto's adventure. music i dig too. it's just too annoying. i'm uninstalling. i'll check back every few months for an ad free version.,0
a google user : there's a bit of a hole in my life at the moment because i finished alto a few weeks ago. i need more challenges,0
ryan king : too many of the challenges come from luck rather than skill,0
jeremy cummings : i really love this game,1
a google user : this game is so relaxing and the gameplay is entertaining,1
bappu debnath : recently (propably after updating game) when i started playing the unit in the game doesn't jump even after taping several time. but it works after restarting. the disturbance takes place usually after playing continuously several times. this is not the problem with device as i found the same problem to two smartphones i have played. please fix this problem.,0
rio nevin : the only complaint i have: the sound volume includes the ambience volume. i want to listen to the ambience much more than the game's sound effect. i really love the soothing ambient sounds,0
johnny : at first i didn't like it and then i got to liking it for a while,1
a google user : a great fun simple game with beautiful graphics that cycle through day and night along with some weather conditions. gameplay is simple and fun. each unlockable character gives a new perspective on the gameplay. i can't recommend it enough. some issues with ad integration and not responding properly at times but rarely interrupts gameplay,1
zy jerasca : alto's is a great design of the simple endless run game mechanic. with multiple characters to unlock and power ups to upgrade you can change the way you play. the mountian is never the same twice so there is no memorizing patterns,0
rouget francis : i love this game so much but lost my game process i unlocked 4 characters already my game just restart by itself please help or if you cant its still ok i was wonder if you could like add more classic music in the zen mode thanks for reading,0
janilyn : i can state so many reasons why this app is labeled "editor's choice". i love everything from this app,1
brendon ruiz : what began as an immersive game with fantastic music became a lesson in futility once you realize that with maya,1
ruby rose : this game is visually stunning,1
drew ervin : this game is definitely easy to play and i always have a fun time when playing it. there are a couple of issues that i've found. sometimes when i use izel when i'm going off a ramp,1
shawn gist : i enjoy this game. really love the graphics and calming music. my dislikes are that i would like to be able to control my backflips better,1
dakota jang : i am getting frustrated from having to press multiple times on buttons/screens to move on to the next scene. i think it's a problem when there is a slight movement before releasing the button but it might be more than just that because it is happening so frequently. fix this please.,0
yuumeezee : fantastic game that is well deserving of the editor's choice. graphics are minimalistic but beautiful. game play is repetitive,1
conall : this game is mind blowing. the simple yet beautiful graphics combined with the calming soundtrack makes a very relaxed gaming experience. i have a couple of ideas; in zen mode- it'd be cool if you could customise the obstacles and weather on the mountain. ie. no rocks. also there is no animation for when alto starts chasing and gets up after falling. if more customization is implemented,0
kartik verma : as you can see the reviews below it is relaxing ,1
heather upchurch : would give it 10 stars if it weren't for the constant ads,1
austin johnson : frankly,1
andy leigh : just excellent. goals are well structured,1
maks godek : the game is absolutely amazing. the graphics,1
gabriel rosas : i really enjoyed the game,1
s r : everything else is fine besides two things,1
tyanna s : amazing,1
connor fraher : this is one of,1
gibran ashraf : this is a really refreshing take on the linear gameplay mode with simple but great graphics coupled with awesome game design and mechanics that stay true to physics. the cherry on top is the new zen mode. easily the best and most soothing thing after a hard day. deserves more than 5 stars to be honest. will share with my friends - not something i say for a lot of things,1
robert j. w. : this game could be amazing but there are too many annoying flaws. mainly,0
santos delafuente : a really beautiful game and well made. i like how there is a day and night feature. i wish you could do frontflips to add more variety to the game. it could also help if you can't do a full backflip and moving forward will save you instead of having to wait and die. other than that it's really great game!,1
michael thompson : everyone is saying it's relaxing. for me it's frustrating! you have to tap only half way up a ramp to get the most height. it gets dark so that you can't even see the rocks without straining your eyes. it does look pretty,0
jacquelinel1019 : its a great game except it's constantly changing lighting/time of day. when its all grey or red i'm finding it almost impossible to see the rocks as they blend in. unlike the colour scheme of the tutorial which i really enjoyed i got super disappointed that this didn't continue through to the main gameplay. so i stopped playing and uninstalled. update with a fixed background option and id play again,0
sukrit gupta : i was absolutely addicted to this game! it's so good,1
daniel patrick : the minimalist art style is truly beautiful and it combines with a calming soundtrack and simple one touch control system to make an endless runner(snowboarder) game that for once feels relaxed and not panicked. there are no pop up ads or waiting for upgrades to take effect,0
wyatt holtkamp : i really love this game. i didn't find the zen mode until after i had been playing it for a month,1
a google user : easily my favourite mobile game and the one i've invested most time into. insanely fun and addictive and gorgeously designed. in the last week have had two people watch me playing over my shoulder. that mountain aesthetic instantly grabs you. and that score,0
hai-qality : i'm speechless,1
swata das : this game is not addictive. it's like meditation. i can imagine the makers trying to make us players feel what it is to live in the vicinity of absolute beauty. the zen mode is a welcome addition. the scenery,1
alex b : a simple,1
noah purdy : what isn't to love about this game? amazing graphics,1
ashwin jp : great production values. gorgeous to look at. but sprites look a bit tiny,1
matthew anderson : if only more developers made games like this. no annoying popups,1
jeffrey orpilla : it feels like a very good canadian film like snowtime and a moving piece of artwork inside my screen. everything is visually pleasing. background music is seamless and relaxing. the ability to play this offline and the zen mode is a privilege. it asks me if i want to view a video advertisement - it lets me choose and gives a little reward if i watch one. i am humbled by this non-toxic game. impossible to hate. this game was created with love. mid-game the screen flickers!,0
brianna schutte : i love this game! the graphics are so beautiful and the way the game is set up is so relaxing and super enjoyable. i like the soundtrack too! however,1
sidney grimm : fantastic game that deserves more than free to play with in-app purchases. this is a game that you spend money for,1
needstamina : this game just feels like... if it wasnt a game,1
andrew chicks : this game is fantastic. the art style is simplistic yet beautiful,1
christopher kevin : didn't even hesitate to play this again from zero (because there is no cloud save but it's alrite mate) after buying a new phone. i'll never get bored. (but at least give it some major updates) nice,0
doctorwho35 : this os by fat the best game i've downloaded! so simple and calming. i love playing this game and the all-new zen mode is a great way to practice the timing of your jumps/backflips etc and a fun way to play without "extra worries" or distractions. would highly recommend.,1
luuk vogel : this game is simply amazing. sound design is awesome,1
sam fennell : i can't really fault alto.. it is simply beautiful and my go-to game when i need to unwind. my only issue is the all time high scores. i've topped the weekly with 1.2 million (bbouncy) but any idea of making my way onto the all time is out of the question. i've read about a patch that increased the games difficulty (that would explain the crazy high scores from before!). developers,0
dream weaver : this is one of the best phone games i have ever played. gameplay is very simple,1
miss riya : first i didn't had any idea thought an another coin collecting game but wow! this is best!! very soothing to both eyes and ears. i always feel so relaxed after playing. graphics,1
bekiteru : this is the best coolest and most relaxing game i've ever play. alto's adventure is one of my favourite game of all time. never get bores even when playing it again and again. i love everything about alto's adventure but just one tiny problem. sometimes the background music stuck and even stop the music. what happened? i hope u can fix it as soon as possible. my phone is samsung j5. i hope for a new update soon because i am really looking forward for it. update suggestion = add more characters,0
sung-ho lee : loved the game,1
trevor arcand : this game is undoubtedly beautiful and serene to play. the campaign missions can get a bit frustrating due to being very situational in a world that's randomly generated and not always in favor of completing said missions. to me,1
crexius : the music and graphics are incredible the controls are incredibly simple no forced ads. i play on my tablet,0
freyja kim : now i know why this is an editors' choice. the music,1
chloe softpaws : originally downloaded this game to crunch through some easy gp xp,1
elijah bowen : this game is just perfection. and i'm not saying that just because,1
dakoda koziol : the gameplay is ok,1
akash mandal : i used to play this everyday i even unlocked tupa and completed most of the quest. now after i bought a be phone and installed with my google account it started a new game instead of loading my old saves. i tried up reinstall,1
andres rodriguez : i know it sounds contradictory,1
joshua asmus : now i am not one to play on mobile games (mostly because a lot of them are poor quality) but this game has one of the best soundtracks ever. this is not super challenging game but at the same time,0
off key kazoo : it's an amazing game in general. graphics are really good,1
a google user : now that i've passed level 19,1
jacob mueller : the game is really beautiful to play and the replayability is very high. it's frustrating sometimes to play the game at night because it looks so good during the daytime i feel like when i play for an extended period of time mainly i'm playing an almost completely dark game.,1
dian atamyanov : the artwork,1
dan strike : snowboarding is a good way to make an endless runner,1
connor staffen : the art in this game is fantastic,1
n.c bal : this is the most beautiful game . even the musical background seems so delightful ... you guys rock and on to the other hand this game is too damn flawless.. hoi.. just one thing add some more soothing sound asleep melody.. again... whoever made this game,0
rhada m. : i don't ever rate apps,1
everett hamilton : my coworker and i got so competitive with this game,1
hugh nelson : i really like this game. the controls are simple and the concept is very easy to grasp. the variations keep it interesting and it's a challenge to get through the different levels. there's only one thing that annoys me: i assume that this is set in south america (the clothing and llamas being a hint). if this is the case,1
ryan konesky : this game has a spectacular level design which is absolutely incredible and carries out a unique atmosphere. this is one amazing looking mobile game i must say. the gameplay seems although quite repetitive and mostly includes simply jumping and that's about it. the game mechanics are repetitive. i though this game would never come to android so thanks devs for porting this to android after your ios timed exclusive contract was up. and also thanks for not charging me $5 like the expensive ios platform.,1
a google user : this game is a masterpiece that is a perfect blend of art,1
aaron ahles : one of my top 5 mobile games of all time. gameplay is a snap,1
richard sosa : whenever i get stressed,1
note : absolutely love this game ,1
lauren amada : over the years,1
andrei p : pros: great graphics,1
disha saha : i never thought a game could make such a beautiful difference in my life,1
until i downloaded this. it's almost spiritual-----calming you down as well,1
as exhilarating you at the same time. the snow clad mountains,1
music,1
shona o'neill : this game is a must have,1
aidan daly : this game just makes me happy. the music is just fantastic,1
tyler fontenot : beautiful game,1
daniel ciocilteu : i love the art style,1
stephen fox : works perfect 9 times out of 10,1
nideesh k.a : don't know how much hours i spend for this... it's really a time killer and uff that music makes a real effect and greatest graphics.. good work to the team.. we all need such kind of games.. no unusual ads in app purchases.. really hats off developers. thanks for present us such a lovely game,1
andrew fitch : i knew within a few seconds of opening this app that i had found something special. truly a work of art and more than just a game,0
daniel smith : this game is a work of art. the visuals are beautiful,1
dave wilson : a single control makes it suitable for everyone,1
caelan hill : i have played this game for almost a month now and have loved every single moment. thanks for creating such a masterpiece. note: sometimes the llama horn makes the screen flip/go crazy for a few frames,0
kevin matlock : a gorgeous,1
max guenther : not only is the gameplay fun,1
wil gomez : enjoyable "pass-the-time" game. nice gameplay,1
mike mudrow : i really enjoy this game. the graphics are beautiful and the concept feels original. even the in-game advertising is handled very tastefully. i have tons of fun playing this game. it is definitely one if the coolest endless runners out there.,1
ellen g : i used to love,1
chronical varsity : beautiful. snowboarding across brilliant tranquil scenery through an endless mountain of adventure,1
micah schaefer : let me start by saying that i love this game,1
hairy palms : lay down in a quiet spot and let the music wipe away any frustrations. it's weird how the music is so calming,0
5a8r3 : very well made and fair. not begging for your money. thought it was a little boring till i realised there were other chars to unlock. now i have 4th boarder this game has really opened up. good to see there are at a few devs who care about their audience,0
adam bede : alto's adventure is a great casual game for when you're bored. no forced ads and definitely not a "money grab",1
vesna song : at first the game is very boring. but once i start unlocking things,1
sebastian vetterlein : beautiful design,1
samwise gamgee : this game is very visually dynamic. the graphics are lush and pretty and the weather patterns and day/night cycles in the background are gorgeous to look at. the game loses a star for game mechanics though,1
tristen unrau : i've been playing this since it was first released for ios,1
liam skidmore : i love this game; the gameplay is solid,1
tmd sir : the 2nd character (maya) is the best- ive used her all the way to leve 43. her quick backflips make the difference between a 17,1
jacob stewsir : it's the little touches that make a good app great,1
enigma : amazing game,1
sarah huntley : i rarely ever leave reviews on apps because they are typically uninstalled within the first week. i have had alto for months and it never ceases to amaze me. i deal with extreme stress and depression at times,0
gabrieldrosa : high score game it's an attractive,1
manik raj sunarya : the moment i discovered #altosadventure,1
fuckles the enchilada : i love this game! the gameplay is addicting,1
judge menthol : cool game,1
joseph listing : the wing suit is the best for ridiculous combos,1
elizabeth bein : not only did i find this game very addicting but i also found it extremely relaxing. the music is beautiful in game and if you play the zen mode it becomes even more beautiful. this game helps me relax and i can play it for hours,1
sushant bhat : the music and scenery this game takes us through is just wonderful.. can't stop playing it.. the jumps and running speed could have been better.. also the night time setting is innovative but nothing is truly visible.. make the objects,0
matthew utley : i've been playing this game for a little while. i play in my free time. my 6-year-old son also gets a kick out of it and it's easy for him to play,1
aneeshan sain : the music.. the scenery.. its a soothing experience.. i never write a review.. but this game kinda forced me to write one.. the most interesting feature is the 'zen' part that lets you keep the competitive spirit at bay and just flow down the snow in rain,0
varshitha katti : game is really good,1
damon muller : nice game,1
ga31 gamer : if i you,1
d3rp d4mag3 : wonderful game. i had this quite a long time ago and thought i'd leave a,1
review. this is one of those apps that becomes a staple of mobile gaming.,1
it has a challenge mode,1
collectable llamas... you'll find out... anyway i loved it and the control,1
scheme is basically tap to jump,1
like controls to be. fun,1
of the game is that alto's llamas escaped and you have to snowboard after,1
them dodging all sorts of obstacles like rocks and pits.,1
cj terrence umekwe : i can't say how much i love it,1
alexis georgi : after a while we become the player gliding through the snowy mountains.. i have played many games,0
a google user : bug: did have one bug when i fell into a pit. was on a long run,0
a google user : i love this game! super addictive and fun all packed into a simple but sweet game. however,1
talal arshad : i installed this game yesterday,1
a google user : i had this on my first 2 phones,1
emily diehn : great visuals,1
delaney campana : i'd give all 5 stars,1
ian briody : few things need updating and that's all. it's a calming game so it's infuriating when little things go wrong such as; rock placement with faster characters and chasms that are too close to drops or too far away from anything to trick on to gain momentum from. also the requirements for levelling up sometimes ask for something that was never explained how to do,0
mclovick : i really like this game,1
panda tar : i don't often rate or write a review but i had to for this game. it is simply amazing! i love that there are no forced ads,1
michal petrucha : the game looks fabulous,1
kirill yegorov : this is the game that i'm never deleting from my device. still can't believe it's free since it's perfectly crafted and extremely fun to play. the smoothness of animation and physics really fascinates me,1
sean blouch : in a world of cookie cutter lazy apps,1
micaela todd : love this game! beautiful artwork and great music. not normally my type of game but this one has been addicting. the only thing is it is very difficult to play outside/in the sun when it's nighttime in the game. even on full screen brightness it is very difficult to see incoming rocks on the rotating time of day and seasons in the game.,1
grace : this is my new favourite game!! seriously good. breath-taking music,1
joshua cliche : it needs more variation in music (which,1
detective h2o : i have had this game since it came out on google play,1
chris uglow : everything about this game is well made: the artistic graphics,1
naveen kaushik : this is by far the most awesome game (if you wanna call it a game) . for me,1
xpl0ding gamrguy : i love everything about this game. from the stunning art,1
a ch : keeps crashing after purchasing the horn. almost everytime i hit one,0
charlize a. : this app is so surprisingly addictive! ever since i downloaded this app,1
kannan gopalakrishnan : gaming is awesome with great sound and scenery but while playing game mobile screen lock is done automatically which should happen only when phone is idle. i think this is a bug. kindly look into this. mobile : samsung galaxy on nxt os: android 6.0.1,0
2goku2 : amazing. i'm loving the zen mode. but please solve immediately the error in photo mode: i shooted more photos during a run but then in the "gallery" of my phone i found just the last photo done : the last photo is overwritten on the previous ones :(((( thank you :),0
logesh kumar : this game is cool. i want this game to have weapons (snow ball,1
kalin warren : this game is a work of art. it's relatively ad-free. there is usually one on the title screen that you can make go away so it's not obtrusive. once you're past that,0
nazmoon monowar alif : one of the most wonderful game i have ever played. but if you add some extra features then it would be excellent. like,0
rolando quezada : please optimize performance for dell venue 8 7000. gameplay can be a bit choppy\laggy can tell drop frames. please update. i've tried with gpu hardware acceleration on and off and same thing.,1
j ramos : great art,1
simone gastaldon : edit: the "watch ad" options often don't work and i have to close the app to make it work again (and not always). please fix,0
munkee boy : this game is awesome. i jacked my job so i can play it all day. it's better than my mrs. she's ok but this game makes her look shite. if this game could make sammiches i think i'd have met my soul mate.,1
a google user : i was hesitant about downloading this game but i'm super glad i did,0
frank c : not so challenging you throw the phone away,1
ryan : entertaining,1
bohdai citta : a perfect blend of fun and simple,1
snappy science : i'm not one to write reviews but this game is one of the most visually stunning and atmospheric i have ever played. zen mode is particularly magical and super relaxing for an action game. the soundtrack,1
lanre ayangbile : altos adventure is a fantastic single button game for mobile. great graphics,1
cozy weather : this game is well made,1
dilanka mohotti : the gameplay,1
abbadoo02 : this game is really fun,1
pogla grate : a little more variety with the tricks would be nice,1
avery cooper : this is my goto chill game,1
tyler barnett : not a fan of night - it's impossible to play outside when the sun is out. i understand why night exists,1
gyorgy raffay : after playing 4 mins i found it flat and my eyes squeezed. but the build quality is awesome.,0
mac&cheese : i would freaking give million stars for this ,1
jake zaleski : this game is amazing. it's very relaxing,1
james henderson : no ads,1
jonathan senn : very good game with very few flaws. i enjoyed it quite a lot. my only complaint would be that there's no way to keep my progress on another device,1
matt guynn : has become my peace whenever i am stressed or overthinking. zen mode is the best thing this game could have done.,1
roshan patel : very laid back game,1
sgt swagg : i can't sign in to google play when it is fixe it will get three stars ps add more buyable stuff for real and in game money.,1
kassed : i love the app,1
nick mletzko : very peaceful game. smooth,1
bao : alone,1
eldis skenderagic : an otherwise brilliantly designed game,1
organized chaos : what to say about this beautiful and comforting game with limited words... it's very well designed and the gameplay is very well made and smart. the art is breathtaking and simple! if you are having a bad day and feel tense,1
a google user : the graphics are amazing and change as you snowboard day and night,1
karan mehta : words cannot describe such critical thinking. salute to the creator! the choice of music is incredibly amazing. there is no other game that can make your mind feel the peace. overall i would give it a rating of 100/100 :),1
angelm3296 : the music is calming and something i want to use to go to sleep at night. the scenery and graphics are just absolutely beautiful. this is such a good game and a great time killer like if you were in a waiting room or you are just bored.,0
abhra mandal : it is a good game if you want to fall asleep in the zen mode... however .. it would had been better if there were more music tracks instread of only one repeated ..,1
karoly deak : very nice game. altough sometimes the watch an ad to continue function shows me the ad but the game won't continue. it would be nice not to watch ads for nothing.,0
kristin johnson : now something is not compatible with my google play services since last update. it crashes it constantly rendering the game unplayable. i emailed the dev team with no reply. gave it awhile to see if it gets fixed. nothing. too bad,0
richard bunten : playing last night and battery died,1
scott speers : this game doesn't try to be outstanding,1
bhuvnesh mahajan : zen mode is excellent,1
juliet lyall : brilliant game. could do with a little more to it though,1
suraj narang : iam speechless... really,1
chris geer : this game is so damn immersive that when i play late at night and the game decides it's time for a thunder storm,1
chris viljoen : this is the most beautiful and calming game you can possibly download. great for if you just want to kill some time. simply put.... you have to try it before you'll realise just how perfect this game really is.,0
k neela : please developers check with the game,1
sydney moore : from amazing graphics,1
jonny vaughan : however 'watch a video' is no longer working,1
mark alexandre : the games looks amazing from the menu screen to gameplay. objectives and characters keep the game feeling fresh and makes you come back. i don't see any flaw in this game at all. they don't even force ads on you! good job noodle cake.,0
slot one : great game to just play. tutorial is well explained and this game gives a good difficulty for you. zen mode is really good to play to learn the game and it's all around fun. 5 stars.,1
enes k : don't expect me to keep playing when you insist to keep him falling good thing i didn't pay for it as in ios,0
anonymous : amazing beautiful concept. keeps me challenged and entertained with its beautiful graphics. however i recently noticed that sometimes when i boost while landing on a ramp the game just tells me that i've failed. please look into this.,1
abi george : i really like the game but when you use the llama horn and you get close to the herd you summoned the game freaks out it flips and turns really quick and you can't see where you're at or what's in your way i hope this gets fixed and then i'll give it 5 stars please and thank you.,1
supreeth p gowda : this game is awesome but needs to improve the motion with real gravitational effects. the graphic is good as it is a low end graphic game . we can say this as best low end game if some improvements are done.,1
adarsh ishwar hegde : this game is truly a work of art. i am enjoying every feel and aspect put into making this,1
tomblob0702 : having read such rave reviews i was so disappointed. not sure who ripped off who but ski safari and ski safari 2 are just so much better. the menu buttons are also very unresponsive and irritating,0
aaron binder : easily the most beautiful and elegant side scroller i've ever played. scales well level wise and rarely feels too easy or difficult.,1
jamie bainbridge : a nice single-tap platformer like jetpack joyride. is quite good for a while,1
cynthia read : a very peaceful yet fun game. another reviewer called it non-toxic; i might go so far as to say detoxifying (to the extent that anything on an electronic device could be so).,1
daniel naron : excellent gameplay and with the inspiring music,1
theunluckyvj : loved everything in the game .. the sound effects especially and the fact that the time changes .. it's superb i enjoy it thoroughly,1
a google user : it's an amazing game. the graphics,1
hatebagel : definitely the nicest looking mobile game in the app store,1
a google user : buttons generally require two or more presses to activate. seems that most gameplay is at night,1
shishir kumar banerjee : awesome game guyz,1
parameswaran s : i just switched the device i was playing and all the acivements are there on google play but none of the items i brought or achievement completed are not in game.,0
jason john : if i had a morphine drip i think i'd pull it out after playing this... such a simple game but very deep and eclectic at the same time,0
avi aryan : everything is exactly same as ski safari ,1
sarthak sharma : game is too good and relaxing. but were is the option to choose snow boards. make more challenges. make more obstacles. more animals. and make good than ever before. otherwise the game is awesome.,1
harrison mayfield : totally beautiful landscapes. simple to pick up and play. challenging without being frustrating. a pure joy to play for minutes or for hours,1
conor : i had the fortune of my cousin introducing me to this game,1
zariyan mansoor : i used to like the game when it first came out. now its very boring. i've gotten everything in the game and there's nothing else to do,1
ryan shatford : definitely a great way to burn a few minutes here and there. the most glaring issue that i have right now is the inability to use my bluetooth headphones. the sound is... woobly. otherwise,0
vincent ramaglia : this game is beautiful in both the graphics and music. it reminds of journey and yet now here i feel like we have a mobile version. this game is stunning.,1
ella passey : it's a challenge but also can be relaxing. i never get tired of playing it.,1
the robot : i myself am up to the final character and 2 levels off of the first star,1
karasu : there was a bug that happened when i collect a horn and smash a rock,1
vikram das : truly a work of art. never seen a game before with such aesthetic value. music could not have been better. keep up the good work guys.,0
a google user : game isn't too pushy on ads,0
rashaad reid : this game is amazing. the only change i would suggest is to show your best distance somewhere. i would like to know my best.,1
james o'keeffe : this game is the perfect stress reliever. relaxing music,1
mikey awbrey : this game is what every other "free" game wishes it was. no begging,1
reggie st. clair : love the game! here's the bugs i've found: llama horn causes screen to freak out sometimes. playing too long,0
ascotchegg : 1 tap games usually aren't very fun or graphically inspiring. however alto's adventure is beautiful and fun it has an art style which is unique but comfortable,1
milan shalimon : this never ending running game is the best running game i have ever seen. it offers a good graphics and a magnificent background music. and its never boring until ur phone battery is down to low.,1
mladen petronijevic : simple and relaxing game,1
halimah akhtar : i have been searching all over the place for a game that i can call mine,1
debasish sarkar : just great time killer,1
a google user : it is the best ever game i played in my life. i have best experience for this game. even i never ever rated any other game. seriously you should play this game with full volume.,1
ronit sadhukhan : the sound of the nature,1
ash : really polished and smooth to play,1
michael o : it's one of my favorite games and until recently worked well but suddenly on my nexus 6 the sound is choppy,1
satyaranjan panigrahi : why dont you update some new things in it. i like this game but now a days its being bore for me.plzz add some updates some new thing to it. thanks.,1
adatrum : it's really cool so calm perfect game you can not bored by planning it do a long time really good,1
little boo : the rocks need more definition or size to make them easier to see for those of us who need some contrast. good game otherwise & beautiful .,1
mani honey : loved to play and its live one feeling relaxed playing this... u hav done ultimate job thnq u so much for the game,1
philip shearer : an exciting,1
reuben : i haven't played games on my phone in ages because i was bored of them,1
paul 03 : i don't know why but i'm getting triggered and annoyed to eerie scratches sound of the cable line when i jump to it. it is affecting my insanity. fix that and i will give 5 stars. uninstalled.,0
fraser lovie : love this app,1
gabriel centino : please notice me game creator!!!!! its a very good game actually but. i think you should add physics to the characters,1
kyle zk : doesn't want me to rate all the time,1
a google user : terrific music score. the game play is intuitive and draws you in. the zenith mode is perfect. 5 stars for this was an easy decision,1
bivek sharma : this game is best designed for fun relaxation no hurry laidback with awesome music,1
c. kvamme : great game for so long but why add ads now? i went back to play and suddenly faced popups everywhere and when i quit it redirected me to spam sites trying to install a 3rd party apk. no thanks,0
nate saunders : i've spent hours playing this game. zen mode is very relaxing. pause button is a bit unresponsive under my big fat fingers. love it.,1
venomaura : this game is how old? why am i just now discovering? i have been addicted to it for the past hour. hands down; the best endless run game i've played. i do not plan on uninstalling it. the graphics are simple,0
katie rose : the game is beautiful and fun,1
steve b : such a beautiful game. simplicity done to perfection. absolutely must be played with headphones. a real credit to the developers. can't stop playing it.,1
ray vitto : this game is magnificent and mesmerizing. perfect for empty hours and soothing minds...,1
cole mel's : this game is so fun to play,1
alex evanoff : great graphics,1
valerie saichek : wonderful,1
tony gutierrez : background music is calm and serene,1
tanish adarkar : its sooo beautiful and calming. the art style is amazing. best music ever hands down best mobile experience ever . u wil regret not playing this,1
sabyasachi dasgupta : thank you so so much for this wonderful game... the zen mode is the only thing that makes me feel better on low days... please make it more aesthetic if possible.,1
kevin r. l. : this game is absolutely gorgeous,1
mj hundekar : refuses to recognize swipes to switch to zen mode. took me far toooooo many swipes to do it. and the controls are sticky in zen mode. it takes some time to recognize the tap and when it does it sticks and the character does into the flip animation and eventually falling. although the adventure mode is pretty awesome,0
anthony godde : smooth designs fluid controls and by far one of the most addicting games i've ever played. only thing i could recommend is adding some new characters.,1
shobhit : this is the best game i have ever played . its simple . the zen mode is the best.just a endless run .whenever i feel depressed i play this game especially the zen mode and then realte it to my life and then stand up again with a sense of winning. love ythis game !!,1
sid hicks : absolutely love to play this game on my freetime,1
rammay : i play this game since something like an year and i still like it. it relaxes me a lot,1
raian levy : great game overall. relaxing music,1
jj theredking : im not to keen on the normal mode but i absolutely love zen mode,1
jaden kodack : i've recently been having problems where i jump and it's delayed or if i hold it in to back flip it keeps going after i let go. please fix this,0
joshua zamrycki : fun and addictive game with simple yet challenging mechanics. it took long enough to complete that i really felt satisfied when i made it to the end.,1
indranil majumder : extremely well made with visually pleasing graphics. you are bound to get lost in the beautiful gamely along with the serene music. one of the best games.,1
alexander warfare : the game started with a simple task: retrieve your lamas that are galloping down the mountain. after awhile,1
cas eliens : i love the game. however,1
azhan naseer : loved it a lot. very cool concept. and the idea of having levels on the same place is just very unique.had a lot of fun. recommend it to everyone,1
aejaz ansari : its a great game. i loved its simple and smooth graphic with melodious music and beautiful days and nights,1
jackson alvey : the game overall is pretty good. very enjoyable. like others,1
dread beard : great snowboard side scroller,1
lina butler : i love this game so much. i don't get hooked on stuff but i'm definitely hooked on this game! it's a bit funny and creepy to see elder or llama jump off the cliff. not sure if it's a glitch or is it supposed to be like that...,1
dalton crew : this game for the simplicity of it is absolutely fantastic. i personally love games that are easy to use,1
teena blair : wonderful game! but the only issue i'm experiencing so far is with the wingsuit. i've tried to activate it so many times during play,1
rishahd sims : there needs to be more maps and characters for this game,1
omar sherif : i love the game,1
kilikk : i love this game. i think zen mode will more enjoy with selected soundtrack from player,1
hassan rafique : you can't imagine how addicting and enjoyable game it is. the graphics are really catchy :),1
torbjrn martinsen : can't see anything when it is dark and i am outside and i have to stop playing or play to die until night ends. otherwise awesome game.,1
oscar mouland_ley : it's the best game i've played in years because all other games are just too complicated and are hard to follow,1
professor scot : zzzzzzz. yet another mario type game. at least the graphics are not cartoonish. hence some credit for the minimal originality that it possesses.,1
bradley leichtfuss : love the game,1
gee w : mind numbing lyrics boring. same speed movements equals total bullocks physical rotations equals boredom. nice to look at for 2mins tops. hash tag sigh,1
gavin b : this is a great little game,1
clinton presiloski : seriously,1
t bruh : this game not only is incredibly artistic and stylized,1
james paolo menguito : alto is really addicting. i started out seldom playing it but once i got really bored and progressed,1
rory haresnape : you can get everything in the game free. you genuinely don't have to spend a dime because you can get insane amounts of coins through watching ads. i love these developers please support them.,1
ashish : amazing! i installed this game yesterday,1
erum durrani : i live in a hot region. i have never seen snow or snowfall. this game showed me the awesomeness of a sport i have never experienced!,1
deltanemesis : simple concept combined with breath taking artwork,1
jatin bajpai : it's more than just a game it's an experience. i have never ever felt so overwhelmed thank you a ton. the graphics,1
aldo hu : i love it,1
nathan snyder : fun. but lots of bugs. flip mode glitches. sometimes works sometimes doesn't. also after video restart ,0
matthew rowe : i really appreciate this game,1
blu ranger : beautiful landscapes,1
impact digital : just the kind of thing i was searching for on the play store. everybody don't waste time and install it now. i promise you won't be regretting...,0
francisco melendez : i dont get hitched on a single game ever,1
dave nguyen : i have played this on my phone before and still have decent progress. sadly i can't find any way to transfer or load data to other devices...,0
bassed : very simple game with not a lot of content. but its relaxing and nice to play every now and then when you are waiting for something. could use more variation of bgm though.,1
kinaav areacode : great,1
carl broadway : everybody saying each characters got different abilities,1
kate 049 : i really like the relaxing mode when you slide to the right on home. it's so stress calm and there is nothing but you and the mountains. also the game itself is amazing. i really recommend it.,1
roxan amarante : a lot of game apps i installed in my lenovo a5000 but i keep on uninstalling it because it bugged all the time. so far,1
a google user : i just loved the game. add some more emotions when alto falls off. some more improvement in the app would definitely make it the biggest hit in upcoming days.,1
rob nolten : on my pixel,1
drew blade : the ambient and mood it gives out is perfect,1
stephanie : when i die i click to watch a video to continue where i left off and it makes the noise that i clicked it but nothing happens and the time runs out and i lose my run. when i use the coins to continue it subtracts the amount and nothing happens. i lose coins and time runs out and my run ends. please fix this.,1
karandeep singh : just fell in love with the music and every background landscape actions as well .. its really a beautiful game,1
kind pimp : the gameplay is simple and addictive. what stands out are the aesthetics and soundtrack. easily the best free game you can get.,1
tobias kunz : one of the best mobile games i have ever played. the atmosphere,1
a google user : both visuals and bgm are amazing. honestly. kudos especially to the guy who composed the music. now i feel like living on a mountainside,1
c m : that's the word first time i said while playing the game. i never said wow for any game i played in yrs. i was just lost in the music the mountains. the snow what can i say . its just relaxing awesome game.,1
endcryonix music : this is one of the best games on android. the controls are simple which makes it perfect for a mobile game. the graphics are minimalist but also beautiful. although it could be better if there are more modes.,1
amit bl : i have been a fan of stickman golf. i'm in immense bliss after playing this game. never thought a game could be so soothening and enticing. kudos to noodlecake studios..,1
bigpaul : love this game totally worth it u will play this for hours.... please make new challenges,1
h kirk : the game is great for when you have nothing to do and you want to have some fun. all you need to do is tap and sometimes hold and voila,0
milli0 : this isn't a game,1
richard yuen : deserves to be editors choice but game could use some polishing. biggest peeve for me is that the night cycle can be so dark the screen might as well be pure black and even the result screen at night is so dark you can barely read it.,0
owen drummond : very nice and chilled game. looks and sounds awesome. no need to spend to enjoy this game. runs very smoothly on my two year old phone,1
s kan : temple run like gameplay combined with graphics perfect for any mobile game. professional and it deserves 5 stars. and i dont give 5 star ratings often,1
gudgnj : this game isn't like the other games. no villan and the it has great calming music. five stars wish i could give more,1
eternity official : bad game not good to play,1
neil anderson : great game. lots of fun. big issue though. on many occasions,1
tyler gomes : alright,1
andre candido : one of the best mobile games i've ever played. the simple graphics,1
elvin george : awesome game,1
living_dead_girl : this game is so cool if u want to see some beautiful sentry play this game . i've got to maya.,1
beth altair : wish the ads were for better games. i mean...i'm playing alto. i probably don't want to play neon coloured slot machine based on a candy crush clone.,1
j.r. duren : great game. plenty of characters but only two are useful. reaching the final level is anti-climactic.,1
vy h : great game. but too many adds for the free version if i want to retry after a crashing run,0
adam gardner : this is such a well designed game. the physics,1
jaren rivera : the music is amazing,1
cali exodus : this game has those kinds of graphics that make it look beautiful and everything in it also makes it awesome. imma do this again... snowboard down a mountain,1
nala sselwal : it all about sselwall guy,1
abby obrien : i like the graphics and sound affects but i can't even get past the tutorials because of a low touch sensitivity so its nice but i wouldn't reccomend,1
nino sie : love the simple graphic and the soothing music! btw when you're in zen mode,1
dkc : game is mindless fun. what is supposed to be a relaxing game is more frustrating. graphics issues and stuttering gameplay ruin the experience. the are several instances where tapping did not respond until 10 seconds later.,1
tessa shum : i love the graphics and the music to this game. the only issue i have is that if i don't press on anything for a while the screen times off because of the setting of the flow which interrupts the flow of the game,0
andres herrera : it would make more sense if the ramp kicker would continue trick combos since it can start them,1
jamie walker : amazing game i love it i played for 30days strait no lie it's so amazing i swear it's the top game in the united states of america sooooooooooo buititful and great game #i love it,1
julian : i love everything about this game. its relaxing ,1
eker wong : never play the game in ios so don't play like in full game,1
marco verhoef : the game is beautiful and addicting! it also plays very smooth. only bug i enountered in my 50+ hours of playing the game is sometimes when i smash a rock while on a boost,1
saurabh gupta : graphics are just so soothing and nice addictive gameplay.. would recommend it to anyone looking out for a great piece of art.,1
allyssa ruiters : wow just wow this game really surprised me,1
paul alfaro : such a beautiful game overall,1
jerwin czr : i lost the feeling of being in a moment and i have never thought games will make me feel alive and happy. i recommend this playing with headset and in zen mode. i have never played a game like this before.,1
baked panda : there are very few games with which i'm obsessed with. this is one of them. i recommend you to download it. the gameplay is beautiful,0
joshua howard : i am not usually into mobile games,1
jiya jiji : this game is just so beautiful i can't deceribe how amazing the animation is. just click that install button and see it 4 yourself if u haven't installed it yet.,1
kumar akarsh : this game is very heart touching because when i played its zen mode by wearing my headphones i thought i was apart if that moment when i was playing..and it's sceneries,0
zengkoy : i love this game,1
a freeman : best game of this type that i've played. great graphics,1
the dustroyer : one of the best games for android,1
joe wilmoth : fix the issues with the levels resetting. i'm sick of starting over all the time. so stupid.,0
karanvir singh : i love to play this game whenever i'm stressed or depressed. it's a great stress reliever.,1
alka sharma : more than a game it's a life story of a person who is doing so much sacrifices loved it try it plz,1
paul istoan : great game! but you should fix the "video not available" popup. that shouldn't appear while you are playing. also,0
jacob harris : one thing though,1
mart w : i don't play many mobile games yet i have wasted away hour of my life on this game. just love it.,1
gunner verne : this game is pretty sick because u get 2 go on a. . . adventure. so i gunner will provide my talent to this beautiful game.,1
youssef hossam : i really love this game.. the zen mode is just gorgeous i was about to cry,1
abishek chandrabose : this is the closest any app can come to relieve a person from stress. zen mode was excellent and graphics add to the beauty of the game.,1
a g : gameplay and graphics are clear and outstanding but be prepared to charge your phone while playing. i own a lot of games and this is the only one that eats through my battery on my lg g3 in less than 30minutes. i don't know why,0
chace campbell : i didn't get this game for the longest time simply because,1
a google user : i really love the game and the music and the art style (basically everything) and i'm really glad i downloaded it! i have one suggestion,1
carl bryant : great game. look at the reviews. @ dev it needs a daytime mode that makes obstacles luminous during the night cycle. make snow on surfaces and rocks fully white lit in moonlight,1
amir sharara : one of the rare apps that got me hooked. chellenging goals and fun ones. i just finished all the 61 level :),1
aya refaat : please help,1
arjun dev : this is an awesome mind chillin game,1
ryan cobden : the game is fun,1
saumil shah : the music of the game makes it the best. you can simply listen to the music in zen mode letting go all of your problems and just enjoying the scenic beauty with that melodius and soul touching music.,1
jyotirmoy mondal : whenever i collect a lama horn and come across a stone there is a major graphical glitch eveytime,1
c sd : it's easy to play and challenging and fun all at the same time. it's also really pretty. i love it! but it's become a bit buggy recently...after i 'revive' a character a few times the screen starts sort of shaking and it slows down,1
dark moon : this game makes me yearn to nature,1
tziona albrecht : brilliant game. artistry is beautiful and the music is entrancing. having to ctach llamas is both entertaining and amusing. though the elders are very hard to escape from,1
choo chooo train : my game works normally usually,1
shashi srivastava : altos adventure is paid on ios but i was so happy that it is free on android . thank you very much to the devlopers,1
max r : my favorite game,1
a google user : i tried to get this app on my phone but whenever i go onto it it says game not responding as i click on it. if anyone knows the issue please tell me.,1
sayak roy : best of all the games i played yet.wonderfully amazing zen mode and photo mode . great sounds and music very soothing to ears.all in all best on google play .,1
dan hoyal : the option to revive by watching a video ad causes a reboot of the game. android htc a9. cool game otherwise.,1
shorandeep singh : but upgrade player speed and art.i love with this game .i m total addicted to it.the maker of this game please upgrade new things so love it more,1
jesse lawson : i like this game so far but the one annoying thing is i need to tap all the buttons multiple times before it's do what it's told while the button still registers that it was pushed otherwise great game,0
amir sultani : not that i needed i tell you one thing if you're looking for an adventure game don't waste your time here.,0
saurabh shukul : the pixel graphics are gorgeous and the day night cycle transitons in 2d pixel art are really innovative and breathtaking. gameplay is relaxing but gets a little repetitive imo,1
aidan stoner : i really like this game but recently i have been unable to control my character. the game loads fine,0
scott spinks : this game is a wonder to play. the challenges allow for a sense of progression,1
saad mohsin : i changed my phone and upgraded to android 6 and lost all my progress. i was in level 35 and i had unlocked the wing suit. i had also upgraded it to 2500 coins and i had upgraded power ups to 2500 coins i had also collected around 2500 coins. pls fix this and i'll give you 5 stars,0
harvinder sembhi : extremely fun to play! love the simplicity of the game. great challenges,1
william baird : since i've started playing this game i can't stop. just to get a break from it i've been trying to find other games like this made by noodlecake. awesome game. must be downloaded.,1
michael arnold : absolutely amazing. no adverts. great feeling game with wonderful music. very relaxing to play with loads of reasons to keep on playing.,1
mark campbell : enjoy playing it. needs more achievements since i maxed it out in a few days. daily/weekly achievements would be nice too.,1
a google user : takes you to whole new beyond world. redefines silence in divine beauty. zen mode is a master-piece,0
a google user : played once. got addicted. play as often as possible now great game i definitely recommend this game,1
chris pierce : it's fun until the game becomes unresponsive to your taps to make it jump. not sure why this happens. highly annoying,1
brian smith : simple to learn,1
krishna vamsi : i love this game.everything is perfect but characters could have been bigger.the guy with skate board is so little.,1
lilla le fur : best game. if your looking for a game where you collect llamas going down an infinite mountain with rockets straped to a snow board then this is the game for you,1
luke schmidt : extremely unique and relaxing atmosphere. smooth. plays offline. gentle on your battery. it's an endless runner but it doesn't feel hectic and nerve-racking like most other games in the genre do.,1
joao paulo caron : excellent game,1
ha nguyen : really love this game,1
mrjizac : do not get this game on the pixel. at this moment in time the audio sound extremely choppy and skips constantly. dev should probably update it. one star for now. update! still hasn't updated the game! the audio is garbage on this game. one star for the developer. don't waste your time with this game.,0
deepak matham : it's more about the look and the feel of the game. can't think of another game that is this peaceful.,1
ryan b : great endless runner game that isn't overloaded with unlockables and other crap. just challenge based levels to unlock new characters.,1
a google user : this game is very relaxing and relieves some anxiety i'm in love with it this is the only app i've ever rated and left a comment it's that good,1
phuong anh ngo : good game at first but after about 20 levels i'd bought all the stuff and it started to get very boring ever since because there was no longer need to collect coins anymore.,0
gareth branigan : i like the game but like most modern games it just wants you to make i'm game purchases or watch videos over and over just to progress. i hate these ethics. i'd rather just pay outright for a game.,0
joshua gibson : it's surprisingly addicting. i usually don't rate games,1
pushkar bhardwaj : on the gaming front,1
kaitlyn mc nally : i think this game is a simple fun game. it doesn't have special offers it just has challenges which is really good. this game is really really fun,1
a google user : i love this game. it is amazing for stress relief. the music and the calm gameplay wipe the stress right out of me. also the game is very fun and easy.,1
coffee : i love this game,1
sanchit singhal : a peaceful game with decent visuals and amazing sound and weather effects. hopefully patches will correct the few inconsistencies.,1
david : what an absolute gem. the graphics,1
master teej : the game is absolutely amazing. if i had an aneurysm and spent thirty years in a coma,1
abdul-qawi g. : best mobile game i've ever played in my whole life so far. i can't wait until alto's oddessy,1
aadam : its so calm and peaceful,1
sumeru das : feel like child.. whenever i am stressed.. i play this game and forget everything.. thanks for the zen mode specially,1
rahul mamtora : this is the best game that i have got addicted to. the most crucial aspect of this entire game is simplicity. bravo to the developers and wish to see many more games on the same lines. thanks!,1
cece m : the music and scenery are so beautiful it brought me to tears,1
gourab chakraborty : awesome in one word. music and graphics takes you to a whole new world. whenever i'm alone i would like to play this game. thanks to the entire team.,1
nicholas allen : atmosphere is great,1
shiemi : this game is beautiful. from the music to the graphics its absolutely breathtaking. the only problem i have is that i can't see anything at night xd,1
prakhar singh rajput : this game just takes me to another world. it's not a game it's stressbuster. heart touching graphics and music. i really appreciate your efforts developer.,1
michael decuir : this game is all go. there's not all the wait time like other games. very challenging. a little navigation issues,1
pratima sharma : this is by far the first app for which i have written a feedback review. makes me feel happy whenever i play the game. awesome sound and background music,1
curious human : guys i felt like i was really there in the game.. the best game of this genre,1
thomas williams : genuinely a good,1
gouri saini : fun to play and the graphics are beautiful and by far the best in any mobile game i've seen,1
gumilang suraduhita : great graphics,1
raihan fariss : it's simple,1
kiki chan : awesome sauce i really love this game. the graphics are cool. the background soundtrack too. but what's the deal with the elders though. lol. they need to chill out,1
rohan thota : i try watching the ads but it always says it's has no videos,0
yassir koukouh : this app is so good and i love it so mutch i would like to see new updates and new adds. and i wish you all the best and keep the good work ;),1
brandon wolf : very addictive. i wish they'd do an update to once a set of goals are complete the game would time out and give you the next set of goals.,1
gowtham narayan : alto's adventure is the most beautiful game there is on android. it's simple yet sweet. too bad there are only 5 stars to rate this beautiful adventure. just download and enjoy.,1
romeo maligaya : this is very good game is very amazing for me to handle and the music makes me cry this music is amazing for places where you are :),1
gavin lewis : i put off playing this game for a long time because i thought it was just an endless runner type game. the tasks and levels are really what made the game for me and kept me playing. beautiful graphics and audio.,0
matt w : this has to be one of the best games i have had the pleasure of downloading,1
tegar siburian : nice graphic,1
kyle van rooyen : this game plays well has upgradable characters and runs smoothly without any problems. moreover it is extremely fun and looks beautiful!,1
daniel price : the music and graphics team deserve nobel prizes because this is the most stunning game that i could never put down. thank you for revolutionising mobile gaming.,1
tyseaun rodgers : cool grafics and fun ge play and smash this the like buttion on this and im giveing a xbox1s out.,1
heide lemaire : it is pretty annoying that it would not let me transfer data on this game from my old phone to this one. besides that,1
riley boston : recently been having audio problems. sound and music both are jotty and high reverb. seemed to start once i connected to a bluetooth speaker. after disconnecting the same issue with phone speaker and earphones. other programs and games work perfectly. any reason why this may be?,0
din babwa : it's one of those games that you can turn on your favourite music and go with the flow. relaxing and energetic. stressful yet satisfyingly challenging.,1
leb to. : the best game i ever had. the zen mode is so perfect. this game gives me good vibes. play and unwind,1
arianna conte : amazing,1
katie mccollum : the game is fun,1
praveen joshi : love the tune ..i feel like i am in real travelling to somewhere .. #speechless# such a beautiful game never seen before,1
vasilis devolis : a very literally beautiful and relaxing game. excellent work with the sound effects and music. zen mode is my favorite!,1
isaac almonayer : it's a great game with a great experience once you get how to play it you won't be able to stop.,1
siddhant : well this game is not like others,1
ali asadullah : every night before going to sleep i put my earphones and play this game for 5 to 10 minutes and along with alto's riding i recall back my memories and try to relate to the time. i really miss the spent every single atom of my life.i would thank the developers for making such pleasing application,1
unworthier gaming : its a very calming game yet very addicting yet it tends to glitch a lot... the reason i gave it a 4 four star. thank you for the creation of this very beautiful game.,1
owen s : the ui is sleek and smooth. graphics and game play are excellent. i have only one complaint: i can't switch between the night theme and the day theme. playing with the night theme is extremely frustrating and it's hard to see anything. likely to uninstall just because the dumb themes,1
kevin oka : the graphic looks amazing. it's smooth,1
joshua mark bombeo : for me this game is great! it looks simple,1
ashley foster : the gamplay is so smooth,1
matt taylor : takes a few clicks to initiate any menu icon,0
felix ulmanu : the game itself works really well and i love that there are no ads,1
a google user : the only game in my mobile which lasted for so long without being uninstalled and the only game which i have rated and reviewed so far. wonderful graphicskudos to the developers,0
eugene bogatyrev : many thanks to the developers for such a wonderful game! there is not no complaints,1
justin yang : breathtaking art style coupled with a majestic soundtrack results in a highly atmospheric,1
marked zenuasia : its quite an interesting game despite it being a snowboarding game where you think you have to focus while on the slopes but somehow im distracted by the shocking warm soothing,1
mark taylor : love the float in on-screen objectives. when one objective is complete maybe float in the remaining objectives on screen. sometimes i forget what i'm trying to achieve. awesome game,0
wizzyrd : i have a new favorite app. i fell in love with this app instantly. if i don't answer my phone,1
kumar observations : this game stands differ from other games which project cruelty,1
vishnu asokan : thanks developers for the clean ui and consumes less battery.. great job,1
manos tsiftsis : my game progress doesn't synch between my tablet and my smartphone. please fix it.,1
caleb helms : just chill out and enjoy the ride. challenging and relaxing at the same time. goals can be a bit tough at times but all are doable. great game overall.,1
louie romares : the game is one of the most beautiful game ever created in terms of ux,1
mage 3m : i love this game so much. i highly recommend this game if you are looking for a simple calm and fun game with great music in the zen mode. i recommend doing the zen mode and play for several minutes and fall in love with the great scenery and music.,1
anshuman mor : just small improvement: scarf physics could definitely improved,1
richard nash : this is the definition of a good app game! soooo good. as a developer,1
joshua chen : well designed and a joy to look at,1
edgar gjinaj : one of the best games for android. i would like to see more scenarios (like a summer scenario for example) and more gadgets in the workshop.,1
uno : this game looks beautiful has amazing music and the zen node is so relaxing. you must get it,1
ibraheem chetty : awesome hd graphics and sound. the game is so fresh and crisp ,1
the gaming sohan yt : this is my 1st reviw,1
marvin bernal : zen mode and headphones. i zoned out and was so lost into the music and mountains. i haven't had a game impact me like this in a very long time.,1
jason ekonomakos : aesthetically pleasing,1
still remember it years later,1
alton pettit : had high expectations for this one,1
aknomics : simplistic,1
sudarsun s : my phone got crashed and now when i login using the google account,1
hean sun ooi : super fun to play and relaxing.. love all the character. the last one is tue best,1
bibinella : this game is a little piece of art! the atmosphere is awesome and it really creates a magic environment. the music is perfect and i love the different climate conditions! thank you for creating and sharing this game :),1
david gicev : the graphics are amazing,1
moe j.priest : like nothing else,1
jaesun dahlke : a great and fun game with stunning visuals. this game is very addictive,1
norm4al : great game. great time killer. great challenge. great graphics. especially great with your own music. great everything about every single thing about this game. six stars if could,1
sohini sengupta : it's an amazing game...full of fun and relaxing at the same time. i love the way the scenes change as the day passes by,1
it'sjustme : best game for kids no violence at all good music great stuff good work great music!,1
josh one : it's fun but the bandit guys really ruin the game for me. it seems the ppl had a hard problem making the game more challenging so they added a game breaking mechanic. 3 stars for zen mode though.,1
swarup deb : one of the best games i have ever played. the music,1
xxmooniexx : this was one of the best games that i seen on a android in a long time. i love the calm,1
classic nice trash : its a great game but after a while of playing it won't let you jump. and without jumping you can't get far.,1
sprungle : most mobile games i play i get bored of after a day or so but with this game,1
william mejia : it would be great if you could add some morecalming music like de original track. the games great though and the landscapes are just bresthtaing even with their simple style.,1
[gd] chessmate : this is a masterpiece. i've never seen a game as relaxing as this. zen mode is the most beautiful thing i ever listened to. 5 stars and more.,1
daryl chia : arc of the jump was kinda off,1
adnan sabith : it is basically made from the concept of temple run. the game os easy to play,1
ethan mikolay : for real,1
a google user : ads,0
olena gaponenko : i love how the scenes changes,1
tanmay sharma : adorable game. play it once...fall in love forever. zen mode is so beautiful. the only reason i have this in my phone is the zen mode. a really very great game.,1
thomas luthi : since the last update and my update to android 7,0
stephany : it's good ovr all but instead of a rainstorm can u make it a snowstorm plz it just makes sense,1
daroach150 : just one thing can you ad front flips. when you hold on the left side it should be a backflip if you hold the right it should be a front flip. plz just ad this to the game just plz.,0
patrick marks : game has a reset progress button so i was hoping to get replay value out of it. i reset it,1
yuocef ali : great game with some of the most beautiful,1
meg schreck : i couldn't stop playing. i loved the concept and the fact that the game was always becoming more challenging as you kept playing.,1
michael harmon : i own this game and sideloaded it to android tv as it wasn't available at the time. it worked no problems. now the developers want me to pay again for an "official tv release" and i think it is a bit greedy on their part. this app has had immense success on ios and android. did i mention the ios version is free? so android users have to pay twice while ios users get a free download? how is that fair?,1
carson scaccetti : can't make it over first jump. then game freezes when the guy falls in the valled,1
cormac lawrence : totally addicted already thank you for that. gonna recommend to everyone i know. fantastic game,1
andres linares : fun and entertaining. very well designed and in love with the art. it takes a long time for the game to get old.,1
o0 shuffle 0o : ive had this game sonce it first repeased in apple and i have loved everybit of it,1
joash tan-loh : i love how much thought went into the design of this game. especially the zen mode,1
renzel : i love how the weather and time changes,1
christopher walker : great game. only gripe is that after playing for a few minutes the game starts lagging on nexus 6p.,0
germe adair : a very simple game but i love it,1
alistair : the calming effect of zen mode is ethereal. you must try it. the gameplay is smooth and the colours are beautiful. fantastic app,1
denilson sa maia : a game of repeatedly watching awful ad videos in exchange of coins. also contains a clone of "ski safari". although the game is beautiful,1
logan carr : one of my favorite games of all time. my brother and i play it competitively. the only thing that would make it better would be a bluetooth or wifi race mode. just a suggestion,0
gameboy kurosaki : i can't pass this ap up. it's awsome,1
klint holland : i've only played one other game with this level of execution and that was osmos on the ipad back around 2010. the artwork in this game is excellent,1
alif biswas : nly d graphics is good,1
febin mathew : one of best game i ever played its very simple and controls are easy also the music and themes of game are superb these features let you play again and again the game waiting for 2nd part,1
jared trussell : i love this game,1
jamie sanderson : the graphics of this amazing game is just impeccable. in zen mode,1
ilovebrandon 18 : i like this game a ton so far it's my favorite game,1
skand prateek kaushik : i first saw my cousin playing this game. he is a big fan of this game. and after a month i just downloaded it to give it a try{ although i dont like these kind of games}. surprisingly i was caught by this game like forever. best android game i had played so far.,1
izaya orihara : should add skins for the game so players can chose what the games looks like and i'd suggest a journey skin so you can slide down a giant af desert sand dune with that long af scarf,1
naman ladhad : love the game. i need to restore my progress. the game had been deleted from my device. when i downloaded it again and signed into google my progress was lost. i need to to restore my progress. i had saved my game earlier yet it's gone,0
cesar lopez : awesome and addictive. can't stop playing it. i use to relax when i'm stressed,1
spencer wallin : this game is amazing. simple,1
genie : the graphics are beautiful! only problem is i can't seem to "smash 2 rocks with 1 boost" for the character paz.,0
kezden duncan : whenever i tried to load up the app it said "unfortunately alto has stopped",1
stacy cheng : well designed and a treat to the eyes and ears. zen mode particularly has really nice soothing music,1
ruslan yusupov : very stylish graphics and relaxing gameplay. but it's getting boring relatively fast. additional themes and especially soundtracks would be greatly appreciated.,1
stack izard : i really have to give praise to this game! the music and the graphics are so amazing. the physics engine and the gameplay is superb,1
leiz chan : it's addictive and artsy! i enjoy the music and simplistic gameplay and always find myself looking forward to unwinding with this game.,1
just call me michael : this game won't let me jump and it's kinda frustrating but i love the way the game looks and if i could jump i would love it that much more.,1
robert bowlds : please let me buy your game and have the option of iap. the videos are obnoxious.,1
arielle lindblom : there should be an option to skip the stupid walkthrough at the beginning. i hate apps that don't have that option,0
mikael davranche : something's wrong with your tutorial. no idea when to tap for a jump over a ravine. tried 10 times,0
tushar veeramani : the game that keeps giving. a few short comings though... but they'll be easily overlooked by what the game has to provide,1
tania ruiz : i love this app so much it's relaxing and you don't need wi-fi to play not that challenging like other games that pis you off,1
kashif ali : this game was really perfect for me until the llama came,1
moose kiwi : this game is now and forever on of my favorites. i love just having my character wipeout and sit in the snow while listening to the music and watching the sun rise and set.,1
speedy tigerk9 : i have problems jumping like i'm taping the screen and it's not working i even tryied going noob and holding the screen and it still doesn't work,0
david liu : once you get the hang of it,1
owen chan : this game is unlike any other. simple controls,1
eyrewiut : realy fun game,1
hct4040 : it is my favorite game so far,1
a google user : its enjoyable at times,1
damo pryor : the art and theme of this game is amazing it's very simple not much to it but fun and just so nice to look at i'm very impressed,1
marjita chakma : this is one of the best game i have ever played.the scenery,1
jaspet hall : good things:it looks great. the controls are simple as pie. addictive and fun,1
sarthak agrawal : the game is very nice it'like we are in heaven but in night mode it dosent appear something but still i loved it,1
ricardo marte : aword winning stress releving game of 2016,1
gautam bharali : a generally don't write reviews. but in this i will simply say hats off to the developers. it's like an artist's playground.,1
boris halachev : the game has amazing features and zen mode is really calming. i am hoping for more updates in the future.,1
andrew barker : bought it once on my ipad,1
aug : i just wish the zen mode was more fascinating. i'd suggest that you make various background tracks for the zen mode and allow the player to unlock them as he/she progressed in the zen mode.,0
spoterens07 : it doesn't try to cram extra options that cost money like every other game and is a joy to play,1
frost ng : the audio was absolutely amazing and went wonderfully with the game play. the graphics were minimalistic and extremely calming. a big well done to the devs for this game!,1
speepeal : this game is great. the only real problem i have is with the coin collection. it takes way too long. but other than that,0
poseidon palmer : lovely graphics,1
hariz tajuddin : first i usually play shooting,1
austin white : played this game and could barely put it down till i got all the characters. unfortunately i got a new phone and don't have any of my progress on this device :( please let me know if there is a way to resolve this issue.,1
a google user : alto's adventure is fun,1
daniel enriquez : this game is simple yet so entertaining. zen mode is a nice addition to the already great game,1
partypotato 360 : it's really hard to find a game this beautiful and soothing and the music is so relaxing and calm,1
darkhalio : a nice game you don't have to sit and wait on. fun and simple. only downside sometimes is it is random,1
a google user : this game was great but...it was no use playing,1
nathan drury : one of the best games i've played on mobile. a gorgeous art style,1
a google user : like a previous poster said.. game can be fun without being annoyingly difficult. love it.,1
nishant punjabi : i've completed the missions now,1
b rice : this is literally my favorite game of all time. it's so beautiful,1
owen : it was very fun to play,1
a google user : new characters to unlock by beating levels,1
dr. ishaa rai : this is probably the most beautiful game i ever played. this is more like therapy,1
alex jager : who dreams up this stuff. x games meets llamas with a relaxing soundtrack.,1
spencer mawbey : beautifully made and a real joy to play. simple old school type runner coupled with gorgeous graphics and a wonderful musical score,1
isaacdxynes : this game is great considering the simple rules,1
zack mcglocklin : there were a few issues as far as elephants go. but other than that,1
a google user : this is the most satisfying game i've ever played.if ur stressed,1
ben r : i love this game so much but i finished all the challenges ages ago! please add more stuff to the game so i can continue to enjoy and unlock more stuff.,1
shubham negi : beauty at its best. best game to ease your mind with amazing graphics,1
anna mcnally : finished the final goal today and i feel a bit bereft! great game,1
m g : wow ,1
siarhei zhukouski : this is a great offline game overall,1
ian r : love the music great graphics and really fun there's not alot of games like this one,1
emmanuel adewale : this game is addictive,1
unknown contact : the visual aspect of this game is amazingly well done and combined with the soothing music it made the perfect mix. the game is fun,1
rizen rain : beautiful game,1
jacobb : i love it it has to be the best game eva made i only got this and i love it ahhhhhhhhh... edit: woah 2016 how old was i man.,1
anshul sharma : after reinstalling the game you have to start the game again even after having half of the game completed and logged in with your google id.,0
pastel daisy : this is a really great game it's fun,1
post nouveau : beautiful art style. one of the few games that has stayed on my phone.hats off to the amazing developers. would recommend 10/10,1
anshul kanakia : probably the best mobile game i've ever played. outstanding sound design,1
ashutosh taluja : brilliantly designed. the concept of zen mode takes it far away from the average games these days.,1
david ratledge : ive played this on the iphone demos in sprint store i work at and loved it but could never play it on my android. so happy to see its finally made its way over!,0
priyanka patel : as a person with anxiety and certain anger problems,1
ss 7 : this game is master piece love from core of my heart u guys just god for me....million best wishes for your future projects,1
alexander weir : beautiful game but i must have poor vision because i can't see those damned rocks,1
a google user : very dynamic and eye catching graphics,1
mysnichol : love the sound effects and how the time elapses from day to night. enjoyable so far.,1
michael dodd : from the graphics to the gameplay this game does not disappoint me.. although if it were easier to get characters that would be nice... but other than that a very good game,1
joey : if you like endless runners and achievement based gameplay this is the game for you. this everything a mobile game should be. the controls are super simple and intuitive and it flows so gracefully you can't help but play again and again. the real genius of this game is teaching all of its secrets slowly. granting you different characters that require different play styles so that you get good at every aspect.,1
praveen kumar : altos game is totally different ski ing in wide variety of mountain edges played lot's of times bt we feel bore after u cross same levels,1
sibasis kar : when i click login it just halts for few seconds and then it gets logged out automatically.,1
lampo laggins : great graphics,1
miguel perez : its the best on zen mode,1
noel herbert : game is beautiful,1
taylor mcdonnell : sometimes jumping will not work following ads resulting in automatic death,0
a google user : i love this app. the background is awesome and the music is calming i love it... i would like it if you were able to change he clothes and make the character a girl. overall i think this is an awesome game i was just giving some suggestions.,1
izzy zarden : i enjoy playing this game. i play it constantly only down side is it does drain battery,1
vishnu balachandran : the game is really awesome.. but having trouble with audio when played with bluetooth headphones.,1
gabriel : incredible peaceful and the most amazing game i ever played ,1
all-maker : this game is one of the best games out there it stands out from any other game what more do i need to say this game is the game that everyone needs to play once in awhile it makes you relax sit down have tea or coffee and play this game make sure you relax and that's all i need to say if you did not download this game do it you won't regret it the games free that's everything you need to say have fun and explored this amazing world,1
rahul motan : everything's good. but one suggestion,1
vivek r menon : it's very relaxing and entertaining. good to get a relief from stress. the graphics are simple and very nice. it's truly artistic. the music is also nice.,1
nixon quadros : beautifully made with a lot of attention to detail. love the minimalism and the endless mountain. also very addictive.,1
unknown stranger : this game is artistic and lovely to play. it's addictive game with a sweet feel to it .but some updates may be possible to further make this more awesome such as more locations such as volcanoes avalaunch etc more mountain animals,1
arefriendselectric : this game is incredible its so amazing. its so amazing i cant explain how incredibly awesome this is it truly is a masterpiece.,1
madhav dragneel : the way you put in the music,1
billy davies : struggling to get coins? fed up of grinding endlessly to save up enough? simply pick the upgrade you want and watch the 10-30 second videos (or do something else while they're playing). you can do it over and over,0
anjali karekar : this is one of the best,1
andres romo leroux : i love this game and it's so addictive.. but i don't know which update started showing ads in mid game! i understand you need to show ads but at least let us play 'til the end,0
aditya sharma : please add more tricks. the gameplay is just too linear and boring after a couple of minutes of play,0
parker brodehl : cant even play cause of all of the ads. i have played it before on a different phone and i love it. please fix this there is to many ads.,0
kyle e : don't use coins to revive your player,1
adib abdullah : great game tho! try to swipe from right to left at the title screen,1
ashley price : normally love this game,1
dash g : beautiful game that is very well balanced. very little luck needed due to brilliant programming. and amazing art. relaxing and addictive.,1
james revell : love the game enough to have bought the doubler scarf for 3 hoping it would stop the ads in between attempts. please make this an option as i franking hate the ads!,0
illuzion : its zen mode tells us about the journey of a life ,1
mr. halo : this game is all around stunning and beautiful. the music,1
yogi chitnis : love this game,1
brian meier : still broken after all this time only seems to work without issue on my nvidia shield tablet,0
bachris official : this game is so good and it made me a little emotional because the music reminds me of some bad times in a very good way though,1
nate the great : this game is sooo awesome!! i absolutely love the fact that in the last update they added zen mode which is so relaxing. i think noodlecake studios inc should make another game exaclty like this but with a horse rider instead of a snowborader. and you should take the idea from this game of zen mode and put it in the new game that i hope noodlecake studios inc will create.,1
jehan athar : simple game. gorgeous visuals. ads are getting more intrusive with latest update.,1
cancerous jones : the scenery is amazing,1
michael collier : this game is amazing. lots of playability,1
rufus sunny : 1 less star becoz the music is same always. there must be soothing new musics.,1
austin nance : love the different levels and music is sooo calming,1
jehna martinez : addicting fun never ending game. has objectives and "goals" i love this game.,1
kunal dhaibar : the game touched my heart,1
amirhossein yarahmadi : really whenever i get bored of anything,1
fantom : it's bugging me that alto is backwards in the app icon,1
monish vyas : its not just a game its an experience. the day and night cycle,1
muhammad hafizuddin : i really love this game,1
nick dunajski : the game is gorgeous first off. exceptionally easy to play,1
galina tsoneva : i asked why i'm not able to use watch video option to revive my character,1
sai deepak mangipudi : an immersive journey with intensive background music ... please add different modes such as stories and adventures so that it would be a great adventure game instead of a being a routine ice skating game !,1
markus foale : really lovely game. can't recommend it enough,1
harry nwani : it's just wonderful the creators of the game are geniuses. the wonderful soundtrack and breath taking scenery that evokes a peaceful and serene calm while playing this very basic game is so unreal. it's like replaying a good dream over and over again.,1
karanvir singh : when bored with the normal game you can go on for a free roam in the zen mode. loved it.,1
jisan rienhart : this is really a good time passing game. splendid sound quality,1
iris j. : just absolutely amazing its a good game to play to help get rid of stress and its absolutely beautiful recommended for everyone don't forget your headphones.,1
ca m : really good game just wondering when you jump over the campfire why does that man on a horse start chasing you,1
zandro ravina : whenever i start level 2 i crash land at the start. this game is very poop,1
kai mizzi : i don't often smile at games. but this. this is something else. the feeling when you have the moon behind you as you do a flip between two ramps over a crevis. the feeling when you slide down a mountain side,0
xutaes : probably my favorite app ever. it never fails to calm me down and it has a certain beauty to it i just can't get enough of.,1
jennifer fahrbach : beautiful,1
pnda mando : this is a beautiful game. very well put together. he controls are very simple to use,1
cody bohlender : this game is an exact ripoff of ski safari. except it's not as good. booo,1
aswin : it's a cute little game that is very very relaxing. it kinda makes me want to go there. the scenes and the music work well to provide a great gaming experience,0
nehem loopez : i can spend an infinite amount of time playing alto. even after unlocking all characters and buying all the upgrades. it still is just so addictive and such a good time killer. the music is great along with the graphics and aesthetic of the game. top noch,1
peter tunnell : simply switched to new phone and logged in,1
malinda's journey : i really enjoy playing this game. i'm not sure why,1
bubba carnes : it's good for killing time when there isn't anything else to play but i guess the game isn't really to be anything else so yeah it's good,1
bob gamble : nice game but as times passed it really does lag on the s6,1
tanveer ash : i don't review any games until they are on top of my list.... this game is just amazing. the locations. the sound. specially at night and when it is raining. thx for this experience,1
nihal shaikh : the best game ever. good work. but when i play,1
udiepie : you know when you are playing and everything is fun and smooth and bliss. but...... you fall.you fall hard. but,1
betty white : love this game only wish after awhile you could do other tricks.,1
kalpit ruparel : love this game. gameplay is not important in this game all you have to do is feel the backgrounds and music,1
abdullah alsulaimi : i wish there would be more than just one soundtrack. the rest is perfect.,1
chukwukamso osamor : i have played so many games but alto's adventure is in a class of its own. i first saw the game while watching a youtube review of a phone i wanted to buy. the video showed how games ran on the phone and i think this game was the first one played. after seeing it,1
taksh limaye : this game is very good. i. thunk that noodlestudios should improve the controls so that the game is easier and fun to play,1
lakshay mittal : i would suggest to add some new landscapes and new sound tracks so that player can choose the soundtracks which they like..,1
albert sabu : i love this game,1
jasdave sandhu : just unwind to this game and it's soothing soundtrack ..u will love it guaranteed,1
diego zavala xed : monument valley is an amazing game that was rated with over three different awards from apple and other media. altos adventure shares that compatible and deserves bigger compitition with a game of such quality,1
himanshu narayan kalundia : this game is really awesome. going down the hills with such beautiful scenery and lovely music. it feels so good.,1
jordan hunter : i love this game,1
basil : this is not just a game,1
jeovonnie humphrey : should be able to upgrade the speed of alto's flips. plus this game is a one trick pony.,1
kuba sawicki : but after new update it is totally not responsive,1
christopher oram : i just reached level 61,1
qq z : a good game. not as boring as candy crush and it doesn't keep asking you to purchase goods. very clean and fairy-talish visual designs.,1
philip scott : awesome game to whittle the time away. relaxed game play and well rendered,1
deondre p. : i like it,1
a google user : i love the music and the gameplay is just nice ,1
vincent fajardo : very beautiful game. both the visuals and sound are top notch. simple,1
bea latorre : it's really fun and addicting. you constantly want to beat your previous score and level up to get new characters. right now,1
john holmes : simple. addictive. fun. a great game with stunning graphics,1
dhaval bhatt : if u like action and racing games,1
poras srivastava : so far the best this year by miles. recommended to every android user. piece of art,0
shahar levy : too bad there are no new stuff and updates. but great game nonetheless.,1
adithya raj : this game is so simple yet it's able to keep you're attention and keep you wanting to play it more and more. it's an easy way to pass time in a car journey or on a train trip as well,1
sreerag kalappat : the best game ever. so soothing and charming that you feel pure joy playing,1
it. zen mode is pretty great too.,1
atlasingent : this is the best mobile game i have ever played. it's stylish,1
andres virdi : a really beautiful game that i'm still coming back to,1
tom loonan : pretty darn good game. simple design and controls,1
mohamed azeem : i loved the entire game. not only is it beautiful,1
matt sprague : this game hits all the right marks for mobile games. it's got awesome music and art production and i really appreciate that it doesn't shove ads in your face. very fun game mechanics and progression is satisfying. great job making the game,1
owen page : beautiful graphics and great game play. my only problem is at night time it is too dark and you can't see what is going on to a point where i have to quit the app and wait for it to be day again .,1
vicky lund : nice game... bug: screen jumbles up when you dash a rock while using a llama horn,1
anand shekhar : addicted to an extend. great game i have played in some time.,1
sleepy_mmh : there isn't much to it but the visuals and music are so beautiful.,1
neerxl : i keep getting tired when i play this. it's so peaceful!,1
indresh arora : there is a bug,1
hunny bunny : i liked this game so much due to it's calm and relaxing atmosphere,1
grace raissa : the scenery and the music is sooo relaxing! but one thing that bugged me is "watch video" doesn't work. please fix this!,0
shiv g : everything about the game is just so good. graphics,1
kade gehringer : super peaceful and fun to play. helps me calm down when i'm angry or upset.,1
dasilverywolf : absolutely stunning,1
vincent lucero : smooth and graceful,1
zack tenaglia : zen mode is extremely relaxing and is easy enough to understand that i can hand the phone to just about anyone and they can enjoy the game as well. really beautiful aesthetics. reminds me of the long dark,1
a google user : i love everything about this game. it is addictive,1
harish srinivas : the background music,1
mark schmidt : with its simple game mechanic,1
ruth b : unfortunately google play services have stopped. i have never received this message before,0
aindrasis gupta : absolutely a brilliant piece of a title. the game looks gorgeous and plays great. it'll get boring at some point of time,1
sourabh aggarwal : i just downloaded it as the top game of editor's choice. but when i started playing,1
gabe owings : the moutain,1
stephany vargas : cant get enough of this game! it's literally an adventure! and it's kinda like when you play you weren't expecting the game kinda...:d,1
kaitlyn larson : its a fun and time taking game. i take with me on gymnastics rides and me and my freinds play for hours,1
haroon ikhlaq : game will no longer load it previous achievements and purchases. i'd unlocked all but the last character and i'm not about to restart all over again. uninstalled.,0
tessellatedguy : great game but for some reason this game stutters pretty often on this beast tablet.,1
cat man : a lot of fun to play and a good challenge but some times it doesn't work and you can't control the charecter,0
ikka gaming : the same thing as a result of the time to get the rest is history of the time to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to look for a while back and forth to the same as the same as last year and i have a good idea to have a good time,1
a google user : great game,1
elijah beale : this game is revolutionary. between the music,1
reno ghaffur : with its great relaxing music and beautiful scenery. . worth to play! i'd hope more tracks for background music will be added soon for better enjoyment,1
tahiad hossain : possibly the best endless runner with no intrusive adds. a must have for anyone that enjoys good art/music. great work on the game guys! :),0
travis h : please update for a screen timeout fix. this is the only app/game on my v20 where the screen times out around 10 to 15 seconds. super annoying please fix!,0
michael meyer : it's a great game. it has minimal graphics,1
jordon scott : such a beautiful game,1
jennifer : the tablet/os i'm playing on it doesn't render fences or rocks making it kind of unplayable. shame because its great when working,1
jean and his planet : one of the few 5 stars rated game to me...it is really simple,1
jacob newton : it gives me goosebumps whenever i play this! it is so immersive,1
shah ahnafur rahman : i just completed all 180 goals.it's nothing but addictive.great graphics and gameplay.waiting for the next installment of this game.,1
a google user : i really feel relaxed playing this game. great game with great relaxing,1
music. i have had it for a long while now and everytime i play feels like a,0
new experiance! highly recommend it..,1
hari sankar : a bit passive ,1
ujjwal prasad : everyone would fall in love with this game,1
abhijit kundu : game is good. you will get addiction by playing it again and again. its worth it.,1
brian stinson : good looking and simple game that's relaxing to play but you really need to add a front flip,1
rahul yeluri : amazing game! i'm a huge fan of original background score. can you guys include it as an option for choosing it in zen mode too? and thanks you guys for making the game. it's the best thing that has ever happened to mobile gaming.,1
bakyt niyazbekov : changing weather,1
the sun and the moon at the same time... everything is amazing. gameplay is,1
simple but not boring. hope the game gets further improvements.,1
suman bhardwaj : the game is good and the music is soothing . . . . . but one thing which should be corrected is that after saving one screenshot in the photo mode when i save another one the previous one gets replaced by the new one :(,0
m v : has such serene music and simple gameplay that makes it a very calming game to play,1
brandon smith : so much fun. love how course changes each time so it doesn't become repetitive.,1
yugene lee : awesome,1
e schur : i seriously cant stop playing this game. cant recommend it enough.,1
e p : simply amazing,1
johann grant : its paceful sereen and down right fun to play! great big thumbs up to the game designers!!,1
mart : that's the best game i've played ever,1
seb : just close your eyes and let the music take you to places.,1
niall dalton : the idea is simple: your llamas have escaped and you must chase them downhill on your snowboard. it's simplicity itself. the visuals of the day/night cycle,0
muhammad abrar : although the game is good in graphics and is very addictive but i thing the flip action should be improved like canceling a flip or coming back from a flip.,0
czer : help. i played this game for quite some time,1
frost muff : this game is down right fun. from the monster combos to the llama riding a snowboard. this game is,1
a google user : the new endless mode made this game soo much more fun,1
dev b : i love this game for all of its unique features especially the beautiful music. particularly when the music changes from day to night.,1
devil may snipe : its a nice game. music is very calm and relaxing and decrease stress. challanging,1
bernalyn guillermo : when it is rainy and dark,1
akash sharma : nice game addicted to it the only things is that what is a benefit in catching lamb's,1
vistohlm f : love this take on the dash style game. the graphics are soothing,1
troy laplante : it very quickly. it was very smooth gameplay though,1
troglodyte ue : i've been travelling around south east asia for the past few months and during long bus journeys and flights this has helped pass the time. i'd highly recommend it. it's just so addictive,1
subhajit chatterjee : this game is absolutely amazing......and the fact that we can skip goals in exchange of gold makes it even better,1
hanson s. : i love this game all the way around,1
shourya shrivastava : it's difficult to see rocks at night. please improve rock's layout,1
pictonomii : this game doesn't register my taps properly,1
nathaneous : downloaded this app on my new device and it hasn't synced my game progress on the new app. it has synced a couple of stages behind.,1
vaibhav upadhyay : it's an addictive fun with simple gameplay and tricks,1
chloe turner : alto's adventure is amazing,1
avinash xavy : good game but very difficult. but there is problem cloud upload .,1
i like trains kid : i loved this game.it is challenging and so entertaining.i can play this game for hours and not get bored,1
bailey : 'alto's adventure' is a lovely game. it never ceases to bore me as i snowboard down the endless mountain,1
morgan q : excellent game! very relaxing great for when you're trying to kill a few minutes.,0
mark hamill : this game is the best if you want to kill some time and do so with relaxing visuals.,1
chris west : edit game crashes after closing very consistently. great side scroll game. good graphics as well,0
anant r : it's a great simple game that you can play for 1 minute or 2 hours at a stretch and not get bored. no pay to win like some other devs. love it!,1
jon s : its great in every way. but im going to be greedy and ask for more games modes.,1
napster dude : your app icon has a flaw but other than that this game was the best game i've played in years,1
julie baja : for some reason,1
chuck crouse : probably the best mobile game i've ever played. easy controls,1
rift raft : it's too hard to jump the thing,1
a google user : when i first saw this game i though it was just a normal game but when i tried it it gave me an amazing experience. i want to say that it is a excellent work of designer. and it got this game link,1
olefante : at first it's hard and boring but after a while it turns into the best and most addicting game ever so if you having gaming patience you'll love this game if you want a game to be good immediately you'll hate this game.,1
laggy gamer : this game is amazing. beautiful graphics and relaxing music. at the end of the it drives my tiredness away.,1
melinda aiko wong : alto hit a cliff wall in the "no score" mode. and alto revived and got stuck in the sky.,1
parth patel : sound direction deserves an award..it's amazing..you'll fall in love with this game no matter what kind of games you play.,1
tatu ainesmaa : only the night lvl doesn't work,0
mahrukh iqbal : aesthetic,1
marcos dafaee : i use it to relax me. i especially like the way time and weather changes throughout the day. thank you for developing such a work of art!,1
nitin vinayak : the games ui system makes the best it just beautifully designed and the way the time changes from day night just pure beauty it's a lovely game and i have purchased it on ios and i am happy that it is free for play store keep up the good work developers,1
a google user : can't even get past the tutorial,1
kirstie lindsay : beautiful,1
miranda excell-smith : i love this game but it does sort of take over your entire life! but you know; i still can't stop.,1
nick cox : i love this game. the trailer sold it to me with the soundtrack and the way it was shot. the game has exceeded my expectations and think the graphics are gorgeous,1
anandaraja arumugam : beautiful game. love it. but my progress is not synced across my devices :( please fix it.,1
molly k : never slow or lagging. just when you first open it. great game! thanks for making it!,1
aidan gallacher : it's insane what the devs managed to do with a mobile game. graphics are gorgeous. zen mode is so relaxing. 10/10.,1
feya sterling : beautiful,1
brian johnson : i love everything about this game; the gorgeous graphics,1
fabio pento : game won't reload once i die. have to restart all the time. not worth the effort,0
jacob bedel : art style is among the best i've ever seen. gameplay is addictive yet calming,1
mebanjop marwein : best game ever.. really clear my mind from stress playing this game. love it,1
zane hanson : what a great game! solid,1
kamonu tucker : thank you for the challenge. up to the last level i had a great time and,1
had no issues with the game. great job.,1
akash lalwani : nice gameplay peaceful music and good looking graphics. relaxes ur mind on those stressful days.,1
kayleigh cook : i love this game so much. it can be a challenge,1
neeru sharma : this game has a very nice graphics and all but can you add more difficulties please,1
nishant jain : thanks to the developers. one can enjoy the game fully without even spending money. you are awesome developers. this game is really great,1
teodor tanase : this goes in the same basket as all those games by that game company (journey,1
samson praneeth : it's the best game to break the ice in our hearts.. background music is admirable,1
marvin nicolo nolasco : one of the best games i've ever played,1
malhar meher : beautiful game. i'm not a great fan of the gameplay but it has an outstanding pleasing music which which is really soothing!,1
river p. : but when you play as maya it gets really really slow and glitchy,0
a google user : the simplicity and the style are well complemented for this game. the design and structure feels fluid and at the same time,0
supriyadi -yadoz : this is the best no end running game i ever play. thanks for made this game. all is perfect. i love it.,1
bryant cordova : one of the few games worthy of a 5 star rating. zen mode is great addition,1
tian wong : graphics are just amazing! gameplay is rather simple and is more of a time waster than anything else. however,1
m.d. williams : beautifully designed and created game and gameplay. the music is peaceful and relaxing too. gotta love the transitions of the day as well.. especially into early morning or late evening.,1
monique sutton : there's been a few glitches with my app lately.,0
plasma43 : you can tell someone has put a lot of hard work into this game. it is beautiful and addicting. i could have the music running in the background all day.,1
abdul maabood : feeling of loneliness in a quiet world of snow covered mountains especially the zen mode,1
mohan nani : superb game ever played. simple but extraordinary graphics... more than a play it is a relaxment our mind... and finally music of the game is very nice..as said earphones are necessary to enjoy the game,1
ahmed mueen : i don't usually rate or review,1
williamodd123 : so peaceful and you really die when you get whipped in the butt by that elderly dictatorship er,1
clavontia hall : incredibly fun. time consuming. and addictive. love how smooth the graphics are. very soothing to the mind.,1
oliver beale : simple,1
christian parta : the pleasing music matches the beautiful scenery,1
arne : good,1
sean duggan : this game is awesome in every way with one tiny exception - the menu buttons almost always require between 3 and 7 taps to register an input.,1
akash dey : a big hug for the awesome piece of art you guys made. just perfect serenity. i'm a huge fan. thanks a lot :),0
marshall : i have had this awesome game for about a few months now,1
erin : i wish they would update with some new levels and characters where the game has been released for so long ,0
nitzan papir : absolutely beautiful design and animation. very fun game play. fantastic sound design,1
revd. stephen martin : love this gentle little game nothing taxing and helpful when needing to wind down especially in zen mode. worth downloading and at least trying,1
dj swiggett : occasionally it shakes and does weird things that look like lag but 90% of the time it works so well.,1
rak_attack : namaste also i needs mo peeps and better ways to earn coins plz thx so much,1
diana dehelean : "alto's adventure" has everything to be an amazing game: a charming design,1
greg ng : this is not only a game but truly,1
aniket : but please make it multiplayer,1
sean miller : easy going 2d down hill runner game. challenging but doesn't stress me out.,1
sean ward : easily my favorite game on the play store. it's both fun and relaxing,1
aidan waters : i wish night time wasn't a thing it is annoying i cant see rocks is it possibel that you can get rid of night time of make it brighter,1
khalil h : great game. had to reset my phone. downloaded the game and logged in with google. but all my progress is gone...but my stats are still there from before. please fix this :).,0
ibrahim bille : it's so famous so i thought i'll have a try and it was great plz evewone download it,1
ruata chhangte : the game is very well made. good graphics and sound. the zen mode was a blessing. it gave me peace of mind. and if you want to have nostalgia,0
hossain tanwir : it is a very relaxing game the music ,1
joe willerth : beautiful music and awesome visuals along with a great mechanic make this hands down the best game on google play for 2016!,1
pete boulton : this app is in dire need of an update .. the skip levels function has ceased to work,0
david dudley : like this game a lot,1
abraham eric herman : i like the songs of the game....but then it keep on repeat....i think to make it more fun is to add some songs,1
smug : i love my indie games,1
charlie p : a very simple and easy game to play. prepare for a very relaxing stress free experience with a beautiful soundtrack.,1
imdong lkr : lives upto its claim. great gameplay ,1
jithin john mathews : do yourself a favour and get this game. amazing art. out of the world music..simple yet addictive concept... they could have made this game a paid download for all that they offer. so please support the devs,1
abhishek guha : the prettiest game to play that has a calming effect due to its amazing scenery,1
delete 44 : this game is one that i actively want to play. fun gameplay,1
kris mardiv : i change my phone and i can't continue my progress,1
anggaradhi w : this is great,1
chee chang long : when i'm played this game ,1
kishan kalariya : one of best surfing game i ever played ,1
pretttydulcet : this makes no sense,1
shashank dixit : just played it n found myself goosebumped in the zen mode - the day night cycle n weather changes just pulled me in..so much so that i seriously considered retiring to such a snowy locale ha!..highly recommend playing with your earphones,1
jason k : beautiful art style. calming & relaxing music. a perfect little time killer that can be immediately put away and forget. plus,1
stephen o'reilly : a near perfect game! so simple,1
romil pancholi : it's a whole different world & u suddenly slide into it. just use your headphones while playing it.,1
axel : so far i played any game on android all felt lame but this game is genuine,1
abhishek karmakar : play this game in zen mode. headphones on. highly recommended.,1
addison verret : this game is so fun when ever i am bored i play this game for long time.,1
sarlux _ : keeps crashing since i finished the tutorial,1
zero two : i really enjoy this game especially the zen mode,1
maxim perepelitsyn : have a bad thoughts? take it easy,1
hairyhen hoyanuggle : how can i bind accounts cos i played it on my tablet and now i've up upgraded to a phone,1
marcelle booysen : i find this game so amazing because when i started playing i didn't realize and took me a few attempts to realize that i had already started playing,0
the peculiar nerd : it's cool. it's also very addictive. it's an action game. but the story line is kind of confusing,1
parietal polymath : i didn't think i'd like it so much but it is friggin great! hours and hours of relaxing fun,1
vox lab : unlike other games,1
joshua : i can't take the time to make a login review so it'll be short. it's awesome,1
a google user : the best casual mobile game i've ever played. drains my battery pretty bad but it's worth every drop.,0
tyne kavka : very beautiful game .i adore the style ,1
nandakumar : would have given 5 stars but the app crashes after certain play time :/,0
josh : this is,1
drinu zam : from the music,1
marc : this game is worth a price tag. it's visually charming. the enviorments are captivating. the game play is addictive. and that is all without mentioning the zen mode ,1
minh toan huynh : fun and addictive. there're always new challenges for you to play.,1
monica castillo : the visuals are gorgeous and the music goes so well with them. my favorite game for relaxing on the subway. i especially love the zen mode. it's so good for de-stressing.,1
not this email nope : beautiful art and atmosphere,1
a google user : nice game very nice i love music,1
shelby goad : it's. ok buttttttttt when it's. dark you can't. see the rocks and you will die other than that its okay,1
jarod landaker : only gripe is saving a screenshot should not overwrite the prior one!!,1
carlos : this game is amazing the music the animation the graphics ,1
the dolphin gamer : great visuals,1
blair b : this is one of my favourite mobile games. really nice way to pass some time. the artwork is beautiful,1
rahul v : mind blow game,1
saurabh jha : this is just great i generally don't give 5 stars but the game is just perfect.,1
a google user : this app is a lot of fun,1
amber allsopp : i really enjoy playing on this game it is super fun and the level isn't the same every time and it switches it up,1
rick : best thing is music! graphics are also good! plzz add some more stunts! i loved the game!,1
sreenath narayanan : what a design,1
a google user : this app is so cool,1
jose xavier : a time killer but not a big deal... and these kinda games are getting outdated ....,1
diva azalia : beautiful. and i absolutely love the zen mode! aaand the music. too bad there's no cloud save so i couldn't continue to where i left off when i changed my device.,1
uthman hammed : zen mode with headphones was amazing and i love the game never ever gonna stop playing. masterpiece,1
ahmet burak ural : the game is very simple yet fun to play. also the zen mode is a life saver for long bus rides,1
the cloak : its impossible to jump over the chasm in the training at the beginning.oh my god,1
anukul thakur : the music,1
paul bee : flippin addictive peaceful. it does have some screen alignment issues on my xperia.z3,0
nouman khan : it has another mode by which you can play freely without thinking about points my recommendation for this game while you using you should use head as the game master also said i add one thing more turn off your room lights then it adds more fun just feel the nature and explore the mountains ^_^,0
asir sakin : i can play it when i am sad and bore this is not a game but also a healer,1
aamir belim : i love this game. there are a few glitches and bugs that bother me like a lot of times when i jump and land on the ramp in a good position the character goes right through it and crashes.,0
gavyn harvey : beautiful game,1
ankit tiwari : game is designed in such a way that u have to watch ads to complete it.or play the same stage for n number of times for earning their coins,0
ali ghaleb : gameplay is slightly repetitive,1
ricardo lee : the music and zen mode is the reason i can't stop playing,1
monk tenant : fantastic experience. gets progressively tougher with each new set of challenges. beautiful design and concept.,1
shyam bairi : great relaxing and beautiful game. thanks to the developers. please make the sequel more cool,1
gabriel fair : my no. 1 favorite game! i haven't played a game so prefect for me in decades,1
r _ : the game is...awesome!!! i just have a suggestion which is adding some more soothing music in which we can choose from so we don't get bored from the main song. but the songs be the same kind of the main song because it is so good! i hope your really read my suggestion,1
zaraki kenpachi : so good game i love it so much specialy the music nd the sounds of rain nd storm i think it's great game.,1
nicola gill : the most relaxing and gorgeous app i've ever played. this gives me hours of enjoyment for such a simple concept. probably the best app i've ever downloaded,1
alfie walker : very good game with addictive action and easy to use controls. best game of its type i've seen in ages,1
a google user : very addictive. one of the best games i have ever played. endless mode could be better,1
b c : one of the most enjoyable games i've ever played.. and the soundtrack is sooooo soothing and relaxing. fun to play. want the music to purchase.,1
mayukh sardar : good game! recommend u all to try. u will be more than satisfied! keep up the good work development team!,1
jake nicholson : great art style,1
keanu regan : love this game got to level 41 but it wont transfer my data to my new phone :c,1
mark harper : great game all around but how the game looks is weird it looks like also knocks out the llamas as he goes by,1
lance efron : i am pretty crap at gaming,1
a google user : love it,1
john barb : please fix the game. when im in the air and i land on a stone i dont crash but when i land in the ramp i crash all the time. please fix. and the jump in the ramp was so difficult during the tutorial it didnt teach us how to jump perfectly in a ramp. i always fell in clif.,0
james long : zen mode is fun.. would be more fun if you could turn to land right every time.,1
elliott towlson : as soon as u finish the tutorial and go back ro the menu and start the controls domt work,0
milan tamang : aww that great graphic,1
jamys semmens : the controls sometimes don't respond but apart from that the game is brilliant.,1
a google user : this app is awsome i played it 24/7 and was addicted after my first run,1
anggit - : oh well,1
kaizer sinclair : i just love the beautiful shadow graphics and great game machanics. the music is nice and relaxing too.,1
efe eyuboglu : this is the best app ive ever installed. its soothing and relaxing. the music and the view takes you deep in your soul and makes you remember you are a part of the nature. i strongly recommend the zen mode. well done..,1
vxrusbadwifi : i think that guy that chases you sucks he sould not chase yoy,1
sameer ahmed : not able to load saved game from google play,1
priyansh parikh : the best relief i got from this game especially the zen mode. my heart speaks to me that i never felt so alive. there are some small glitches i face otherwise it deserves 5 stars!! keep up the job,1
ane : i love this game but sometimes the pressing doesn't work,0
rifat hasan : this game is incredible for mobile. fantastic graphic,1
ryan adkins : this game is amazing! it's so peaceful,1
noah colvin : no longer syncs progress between devices.,1
a google user : trying to get the llama with skiing is not an easy jobs especially with an obstacles way a head,0
ge tin : really loved it,1
j h : i love this game. best way to kill time. a must have app.,1
dain bramage : fun little game to kill time and braincells simultaneously :-),1
pankaj singh : many times games gets hang or do not starts or freeze after watching videos,0
fivewholeducks : for a mobile game about a snowboarder collecting llamas,1
tnt nl : awesome,1
joaquin : i love this game it's so epic and you just wanna play it everyday i love it keep up the good work,1
matthew peter : this game should be boring,1
andrey fomenko : the screen goes off in the game if not to tap/jump. uncomfortable,0
vinod thakre : relaxing music and great concept amazing game i just can't say anything i am just speechless.,1
a google user : it's an amazing game but it's so dark that i can't even see the rocks,1
cavhive : i can't see rocks ramps trees buildings camp fires and warning bords,1
bananamander : this game is absolutely beautiful,1
sansit low : totally addicted to the zen like music and beautiful sceneries. highly recommend!,1
animax daisuki : when im playing zen mode this game start rule my mind using beautiful emotional soundtrack and the relaxing background cant stop playing till my battery getting low,0
fatimah hanim : every single cells in my body loved it. great graphics,1
l. dellacosta : in another device i was above level 21 with two new characters that weren't alto. i logged into my google play games account and i couldn't transfer my data!,1
kranthi krupartha : best game ever but why can't you make it multiplayer so that i can play with my friends.,1
arif sahal : this game makes is so beautiful. with all the sound and music,1
ian jacobs : really calm and relaxing,1
nicholas kassa : awesome graphics,1
reju roy : the zen mode just calms you down. the music is amazing and the visuals are simple and elegant.,1
mario margiotta : revive function needs work,1
devin zuczek : sort of like line rider,1
edward miles : a fantastic game. very addictive very simple. the game i go back to time and again! well done!,1
kosha hussain : beautiful and calming graphics,1
remo : perrect combination of action and peace - didn't think that such a thing existed until now.,1
nehemiah adams : the only thing i like to play in my spare time.,1
dawn : this game is everything i wanted. you can play it offline,1
uma sai teja velagala : must and should have game . the music in zen mode is amazing it is creating in game feeling bring more features like this to the game,1
lisa m : awesome game! a great way to kill time and have a little fun.,1
a google user : beautiful playing lots of fun i dont see why anybody would hate on it maybe because he is jealous,1
tarish kamran : when i lose ones in the second try ofen the touch dosent work,1
a google user : and a bad one,0
jake char : the game is fun and when i play the zen mode it puts me to sleep like a baby.,1
greg johnson : so relaxing really enjoyed zen mode. definetly my favorite game next to terraria and geometry dash.,1
aayusha pandey : its very aesthetically pleasing and the music soothes your soul. its the perfect mixture of an adventurous and calming game.,1
damon : the ability to customize your character and change characters would be nice and having more effects would be nice .thanks,1
patrick voosen : there are a couple different games in this style. this is the favorite i have played so far.,1
tom mcallister : simple,1
a google user : i never see this high rating so i'm gonna download it,1
max broster : when i first got my phone in 2015 this was the first app i installed,1
ramix nudles : while this is really really neat,1
chris m : the most beautiful android game i have ever played. addictive,1
tha duke : i seen this on a few youtube vids about fun games for android users and this was at several of their top 3 lists. wow! i completely enjoy this game! it is relaxing,1
tenzin wangchuk : liked it from the first day and now updated version is very awesome. love it. i give 5 stars,1
cody smith : i don't normally like arcade games like this but there is just something about this one,0
yuyu : this game has it all,1
kye : a tucking feature please so you can bomb hills,1
doug hobbs : love this game,1
brian deoliveira : i couldn't stop playing this. love it and just wish the were more accomplishments. oh well,1
aniket rocket : truly ausome game. the coordination of music with game makes the player fell as if he is also present in that locality,1
charity watson : i love the game because it is awesome and if you tap and hold you get to do a backflip,1
david dunnagan : wonderful minimalist art style. simple fun game play. it's a diamond in the rough.,1
vinayak bhargav : i'd give it 100 stars if there was an option. very beautifully made game. just love it!,1
alexander phiri : it never disappointed me. i feel like playing and playing and playing. really soothes and enriches the mood. well done,1
devbrat upadhyay : i just love this game. i have rooted my oneplus x only to play this game smoothly. thanks developers...,1
robin valery : love the game but since i bought a bluetooth headset the game became laggy and the sound is not fluid,1
gihan kavinda de silva : well relaxing super game when play feeling stressed...games sounds are super realistic and well relaxing...lovo this game so much,1
kasia rojowska : honestly the best mobile game i ever played,1
aayush : the music is mesmeric. i just keep this game working without playing it to just hear the mind melting instrumental magic,0
faizan khalid : perhaps the best game on playstore the best endless runner with engaging,1
milestones and beautiful graphics and gr8 gameplay the best part is it's,1
way to simply yet fun,1
itsgujjar : i don't know why but this ge truly gives a sense of satisfaction. best in the market right now !!,1
faith clarke : the gameplay is so beautiful an i love the screen shots you can take,1
incorporeal canker : the graphics of the game is really amazing. and the gameplay is very easy. friendly user environment. awesome characters. totally worth it.,1
tudor munteanu : this is the most relaxing,1
gyv 30 : probably the best games i ever played. the music is great and it's so relaxing.,1
barath_ r : omg the zen mode was too awesome the music and the environment made me fall in love <3 this is so awesome and uplifting for me suffering from depression and stress this is true love,1
tom de-wilton holmes : animation is beautiful,1
greg thomsen : perfect game to sit down kill time on.,1
carlo romulo : the most emotional game ive ever played. the music. the players. even the background. i guess its gonna be the game of 2017. great work!,1
tushar gaidhane : i love its background music. it feels relaxed after listening it. i am searching for the audio version of the music used in this game.,1
indranil chatterjee : awesome gaming full hd graphics and best perform and music it's very addictive...,1
tobias hanggara : the most beautiful game i ever played. playing this game makes me want to go to north :d,1
james elkins iii : one of my favorite games that i've downloaded! for me to appreciate a game,1
adam neal : visually pleasing game and the zen mode is just beautiful. headphones are a must,1
saifulhaq a : i'm crying while playing this game "play in zen mode",1
m. hashimi : it's not trying to be addictive or challenging. very simplistic and relaxing,1
jennifer lammey : easy story line,1
chris kearney : incredible graphics,1
rahul rajendran : i'm loving the game. especially the zen mode.. the music and the ambience are soothing and takes me into another world.,1
shaheen bhat : needs improvements like more obstacles front flip.,1
nikola georgiev : need some minor adjustments and fixes of objects. also a bigger diversity of skills would be great. overall very good game.,1
mario wilson : i really enjoy this game and would pay for it...the ads are annoying,1
areej : amazing game! but after the recent update it lags after playing for a while (around the fourth elder). please fix it! thanks,0
a google user : i really enjoyed this game,1
shaurya sinha : perhaps the most beautiful android game i have ever seen ... redefines mobile gaming,1
hunter clucas : super relaxing,1
gkneale : simple to learn,1
dom : despite the bad ratings this is a genuine personal opinion this game is just amazing to play havnt got bored yet.,1
almi cowberry : honestly a great game. soundtrack fire tho . plus it reminds me of a much graphic jet pack joyride .,1
alex r : love the graphics. really relaxing,1
cat farris : it's lovely,1
ishaan kakkar : i don't usually rate games,1
ringolds rutkis : i have no idea how to access the zen mode,1
scott richardson : this is a great game that offers so much,1
scarlet kid : this is by far the best snow boarding game i've played on my phone it's console worthy,1
sushrut kharate : i enjoyed it too much.no purchasing fuss and no problem creating game,1
kayleigh stover : amazing game! i heard that a sequal named 'altos odyssey' will come out this year and i'm super stoked,1
roshan : more characters,1
anil patil patil : nothing hard to play. just wanna tap on the screen. it's just amazing spurb,1
to'lqin bobojonov : zones not enough! please add more new zones places!,1
b o u l v e l g e i s e r : you know what this game is missing??.... multiplayer.the game is awesome but there is only one thing missing,1
tom smith : i love everything about this game,1
tobias svardh : perfect game,1
divyansh sharma : graphics are awesomely amazing and gameplay is super materialistic. i like the dual combo.,1
alison wright : i love this game!! the challenges,1
a google user : my phone goes to sleep while playing fix it. mi redmi note 3,0
dragon fightr : its so cool!! no lags no bugs and no glitches!!! and i playing it everyday and this have so good song,1
a google user : i really really like this ty for making this at least i have 2 game now this and minecraft ty for very good graphics :),1
cody stroud : needs more to upgrade,1
rohit kushwah : i loved it! there is no other game like this which is more realistic!!,1
dhvanit beniwal : this game is simply amazing and worth installing believe me it will really make your day,1
136 - ragib rownak : it's not awasome,1
silas waldvogel : while playing maya the elders are bugging around. (please fix it. ),0
a google user : fab game ..you guys are good at making games wish i could do this,1
vinayak prasad : it is not the game that you really get addicted to,1
dan t : get it and don't get any other game.there should be a sequel,1
ashu addy : great visuals and awesome soothing music in zen mode... really keep up the good work guys... hope more apps like this exist... make another application... like its successor or something with more music and visuals like this.,1
robbie reeves : a nice and chilling game very nice can't wait till you make another one,1
aria cronin : i'm so addicted to this! i love how the gameplay is so smooth and very calming,1
markus brammer jensen : everything from the music to the scenery and game play is just amazing! can't recommend this enough!,1
admir brkic : liked it a lot before they updated it recently with mandatory ads.there,0
were no ads before at all so this is rather dissapointing as it forces you,0
to buy the premium version to restore the game to how it once was,1
josh l : it's a amazing game has beautiful graphics and very fun when your bored,1
stephen fuchs : perfect game but i bought the coin double pack. when i reset my progress i lost it and even after signing out and in again it will not restore my purchase. please fix!!,0
zarinah noordin : the game made me cry!!the zen mode is very beautiful.keep up the good work noodlecake studio.t his is the greatest art game ever!!must download,1
alex robert : great game! but lags badly on zte axon 7 mini,1
t. b. : the game keeps crashing please fix i like playing this game,1
mzjanis o : i am very impressed with this app.. the main reason i like it is because everyone wins everytime and it continues to be ex-zill-er-a-ting....thank yous all around along with several woo-hoos,1
prodbyrice : while i need to wait for my turn in a long line i can just play it,0
a google user : there is nothing to do once i die 3 times in tutorial at that long jump hole,0
eddleavy miller jr : it is amazing i love this game to be honest this is the longest game i had on my phone since i downloaded it the only issue i have is it starting to glitch a little bite i even played it on my tablet and it is glitching and i was wondering if there will be a update soon to see what is wrong because i don't want to uninstall it this game is amazing by far one of the best for mobile gameplay,0
jina zarifis : would give it 5 stars if everything i had wasn't lost,1
crispy : i don't know why but im stuck on a level and even though i did the requirements,1
bossman : sooooooooo fun i can not stop playing it really good for when i am bored i highly recommend getting this if you have nothing to do so epic!,1
soumaan : iike it,1
salman ghouri : this is the one of the best games i've ever played with relaxing music. well done developers.,1
brooklyn jinxx lee : alto's adventure is a must play for all ages,1
abdallah aberouch : probably one of the best games for smartphones. entertaining,1
double cheeseburger : the game is great in general but if you added a story to it,1
joynal abdin : the zen mode is so peaceful no wonder it's so peaceful you can tap and he or she comes back to life but in zen mode when i want to stop it does not let me stop and use the original,0
john hagerty : fun and addicting game,1
michelle campervan queen : by far one of the best games i have ever played no ads great graphics what more do u want ?,1
kughan kabir : dear team,1
angela gridley : i go in the game black screen for half a second and then back to home screen,0
mert balbal : this game is beautiful and soothing. the scenery,1
rayan adhikary : waaaaao.its too good.this is the best game ever.just download it and start playing.its too good.i recommended to everyone.trust me its too much good,1
ehtisham mehmood : i love this game cz of its adventures and weathering areas...,1
abhijeet kirtane : thank you ryan cash,1
davidito bridges : good game to take my mind of everything that is happening around me.,1
neha : alto,1
maksim gurskiy : i like this game,1
f : the mechanics of the game are pretty good and simple and the game overall is really well made. 40 ducks out of 10,1
abi nubli : this endless game never punish you. fall? want to continue the run? just watch the ads. didn't i mention it has gorgeous graphic and ux?,0
matthew ng : to beautiful! and i feel bad for ios users who have to pay... just kidding!,1
benginald clocker : its a fun game! but recently it has a problem everytime i open the app,1
finley macdonald : clocked it took me a year make it harder more levels please!!,1
daniel rundkvist : this is love. growing up on games and seen how complex they've become,1
hans credo : this game is great game and i love it,1
tammana sesha manikanta : music,1
nightstar 101 : the game plays really well,1
dink denk : mind blowing game so far.. so relaxing. can't stop playing,1
the metatron : cool past time killer,1
shane currie : awesome graphics with simple controls makes it fun as all hell,1
lazy hylocereus undatus : i went to repair my phone and i found out that i need to start all over after i reinstalled this game!,0
hayden stone : i love the zen mode in this game it's so nice to just sit down and relax while playing such a great game!!,1
shaad anwar : this is one of the most soothing game i've played on an android device ever. this game is fast. light. easy. relaxing and a great great time pass with an outstanding eyegasmic view behind!,1
leonardo tjuatja : this is so relaxing games in my life (no joke) 5 star noodlecake studios,1
a google user : minimal and beautiful. loved everything from the gameplay to the graphics and oh the music,1
jaden lutz : you're welcome to do it again soon as i am going to be a good day for the next time you are not the same,1
poppie orchardland 2666 : like i said,1
sattyaki ray : this game didnt work in bluestark it stops after some time,0
riddled squiddles : it has porn adds i dont recommend for young kids,1
nikhil yadav : tutorials every day time i start the game,1
sanjula senarathna : everythings cool in zen mode but the sound of grinding the flags and roofs break all the zen and ruin it... so consider it... thank you.. personally love the game alot,1
krishna kumar : fun and relax at the same time,1
igle mdoza : i like this game very much music and visual keep me relaxing..great game,1
chris lamb : my favourite game on mobile (edit : cloud sync isn't working between nexus 6p,1
caleb mcmillen : don't waste your time installing. the entire point is to make you fall in fewer than 60 seconds. distractions everywhere,1
natalie ngonela : i love it,1
request: please make the night cycle a bit brighter,1
what i am doing when i'm outside or near light. also,1
video" option; it doesn't work.,1
callum ford : its alot better then temple run it's got relaxing music and the graphics are extremely well done,1
ritesh kr. gupta : game is addictive and great fun to play. once in a while watch video feature doesnt works.,1
lochana pahalawatte : after resetting the phone i discovered that the game doesn't restore my progress from play games,1
chicken boi : altos adventure is one of the most beautiful games i've ever seen,1
borislav ivanov : the game is so relaxing! p.s. please change the sound when the board is on the rope with flags this is so annoying.,0
jv clemente : the game itself is a masterpeice!! music is very relaxing i cnt take off my headphones. looking forward for more soothing music and costumes in the future or even new rides. thanks and goodjob devs hands down,1
verity nash : this game is utterly stunning. so beautiful in so many ways. one of the rare treasures of the gaming world.,1
given ramadhan : i really loved the zen mode. the graphic really did the job. but it had to be more than saving llamas.,1
pablo : this is perfect for long car rides. you should make a music playlist just so you could relax,1
terra blake : this is a great game stragity,1
sayantan kundu : the music of zen mode is very soothing! the game is also awesome! loved it! but while watching a video to get coins,1
gregory richardson : it looks cool,1
a google user : its one of the best game. it's in the top of my list. music,1
alex doja : fun and relaxing to play,1
yuan wijaya : please add a stage mode. and sound must be improved,0
jcw ljs12 : 1=really great game,1
engr. john aeron aquino : i hope more stage more tricks and more mission i hope all mission is very hard and please altos need wearing like.shoes need any collor,0
the consortium ltd. : this game is peace of mind,1
eric johnson : just wish i could swipe to do more tricks. just 1 trick is boring. dear @noodlecakestudiosinc. please add more tricks..,0
geo r. t. : delightfully pleasant music,1
the gamers : i like this game but in this game i didnt know what to do,1
j o : truely brilliant but phone crashed and cant restore purchases. help,1
shawn bulle : between the scenery and the mechanics of this game,1
a google user : good game but pay attention because it's a little bit hard,1
carlos santos exposito : i just,1
shakthi shamruth : avalanche and forest fires can be introduced in the game,1
dsdav!d plays! : it was ok but i hate the rock 1 star,1
dave dreamer : having to start over from scratch after update,0
joram gachanja : one of the most simplistic and intriguing games i have seen on android. had me trying to clear 11 levels a day.,1
ps4 derpy scauce : it's pretty good i would like it more if it had animation and do more tricks you could do,1
taitafe leifi : love the graphics and the skills the only thing i hate is no front flips,0
teyk nacing : i love this game but i absolutely despise nighttime. it's so dark and i can't see rocks.,1
ujjwal kumar jha : awesome game but have to take a star due to lack of features and persisting watch video glitch,1
raja mishra : best game ever.. loved it ,1
malcolm s grant : beautiful graphics and context make this easy on the eye and smooth to play.,1
vedavati natu : the games you make are just brilliant. the zen mode is just ....it made my day. #thankyounoodlecake,1
mrherudark : i have had this game for months and it is a good game. it is an amazing time killer and the music is very soothing,1
akash das gupta : love at first site......wht an ossam background music and scenes ,1
aurora : it really hooks you in and it is a very good game. i play it all the time and enjoy it. the graphics,1
mimi ciero : i love the graphics,1
jaitra vardhan : i tried to restore my game progress through play games profile but its nor restoring,1
hamzah bin saif : this thing here is poetic and gives the gamer an abstract feeling of peace(zen mode) and awe.,1
punch0211 : i love the music,1
pranjal lakra : it's 200% much better than other endless games and talking about in-game music.... damn so peaceful,1
koushik karmakar : this game is so relaxing,1
sarthak sharma : it's a great game to relax with its mood making sounds and changing weather.,1
shubham vetale : apparently the most beautiful game i've ever played.,1
ram kumar : design quality is good. but the rock in night is not visible in the gameplay .,1
tuku karuan : please load more levels. i am completed all the levels. its so easy & one of the best game. thanks developers.,1
matthew makowiecki : i love the game but to me my favorite part is the music i love the music. i play this game when i'm stressed,1
camilo morrice : in photo mode each new photo overwrites the last one,1
holly eardley : i love this game. it's brilliant to play and the graphics are unbelievably good. i would strongly recommend it. i am 12 and that is what i think,1
adam morley : i like it. but why do you need to restart when you've completed the the tasks in the level? just done level 5 - i should be able to go straight into doing the next tasks,0
killian griffin : great game,1
mashud iqbal : this game is just amazing with natural scenarios and background music. graphics,1
orange man : i didn't imagine how peaceful is to play the zen mode. just amazing.,0
fernando orozco : it is a wonderful game i love it ,1
ric : just following the route and listening the music,1
joandy martinez : this is an excellent choice for a great game,1
andrey vakarin : cannot stop playing. simple yet challanging.,1
ajay s : all are good... except: night is too dark to see the obstacles,1
a google user : it is a good game because it is a stress reliefer,1
abu talha : this game is very peaceful and the music makes it very toughi. more over its very fun,1
chilukuru sashank : one game that relieves stress out of you in many unknown yet wonderful ways...you just go through a magical time when you play this...get lost in the mountains and enjoy this lovely ride!!,1
harsh shah : truely a piece of art.,1
athena yau : this is brilliant! loved it very much,1
tayelar moscal : there's different characters,1
aiman nazlan : there is not much bad stuff about it. just wished that you flip a bit faster....,0
jorge galindo : it has an astounding environment,1
hayds : the animals give me a hard on. women saw me play it.,1
seiywnick : great graphics and the sound is so calm. let's enjoy it. have a good game :),1
a google user : i've tried reinstalling this app a few times but each time i open it it crashes after the first screen. am i missing something as i can't see any similar complaints?,0
sabyasachi sadhu : loved the game,1
charles scanlan : one of the best games i've played on my mobile for a long time,1
milos milohanovic : amazing and fun game! almost beat everything. only downside is the "grinding" but it's not too bad.,1
manuel amalraj : graphics,1
johnny kang : dafuq,1
izak schmidlkofer : i can not put the amazing graphic,1
jim mars : nice fun game that is good for as little 1 minute or as long as you want to play. always different.,1
hasan ege atal : this is a perfect game and has epic controls but when i watch video to earn coins the game crushes please fix,0
sharan acharya : i rated this game because it is very easy to handel and very funny mind refreshing and it is edietor's choice,1
ant b : that is all! i got lost in zen mode.,1
liyana zaini : best therapy after a hectic day in office,1
sahil khan : this is lot of fun lot of experience of place,1
tejas bhagat : the soothing music makes game play more exciting. i play this game for when i'm tensed..it makes me relax!,1
thambi sm : the music is serene and the landscapes mesmerising. just a feeling of happiness and solitude. nice game. the music is soothing and relaxing.,1
habeeb onawole : the zen mode is awesome. just make sure you have a pair of great earphones.,1
raimon williams : this game is great friend showed me it and i was like bruhhh ima download it and boom fell in love with it instantly!! it's a must get game ^^,1
malique al-shabazz : almost perfection - this game is so soothing and calming and just amazing,1
tanvir chahal : amazing experience honestly. the levels are so gripping you will never stop playing it,1
brian chung : other items accept game coins to pay for upgrades. why is the coin doubler different? it asks for my credit card...,1
gourav nama : it is awsummmm. i tried many games but it is better than every game on google play,1
iwan_aizakku : i really love this game so much especially the zen mode which helps me to relax :d,1
sako mardiros : heart warming game best best besttt visuals ever best view amazing music amazing all should download i swear,1
radu bertesteanu : one of the best mobile games ever,1
izz rainy : this is incredible. i've never seen anything quite like it in terms of amusement and... well,1
angela amoako : you can't save your data with google play,1
raul alejandro avila gonzalez : something you don't look for when searching a nice game,1
leigh mcnerney : great game. very simple but difficult to master.,1
trushal a : a very beautiful game with a calm gameplay. beautiful graphics,1
sagoe fred : this game is so peaceful and relaxes the body after some stress and the music is so good.,0
vinnuban b : please update this game with more characters,1
james reese : good graphics and fun game play,1
divyansh malviya : this is a very relaxing and comfortable game. i will give it 10 stars if it had option of 10 out of 10 stars.,1
jujubee _galaxy : game was fun but trying to backflip was so difficult to land and and nighttime was even worse without any light you're just barely able to make out hardly anything in the dark,0
ishu chaturvedi : i love the the game but the most awesome thing is that the graphics and animations are great,1
ed timothy palermo : loading screen takes too long to load? i mean the alto screen sometimes takes minutes or even never... gonna reinstall and see if problem persists. lost all progress and no way to get it back... too bad,0
matthew bowes : beautiful design and not to mention the relaxing sound track but they are kinda coping ski safari a little bit but other than that it's my favorite game that's ever been made!!!,0
devesh kamath : it's not a cool game guys,1
o mt : i rarely ever write reviews but i feel like this game truly deserves one. it is such a beautiful game with chilling music,1
hardik som : yes! this is the game,1
duke lynus : can you guys add some more music to the game ? and please try to bring up an update with one or two new charecters,1
nahar p : simple game with a blissful ambience. put on headphones and be lost in altos world by playing zen mode.,1
runa das : nice graphics nice gameplay nice controls nice physics and nice challenges so what more does it needs,1
jen mcclellan : so fun! can play for a few minutes or an hour... it needs an additional song choice tho. just the one gets repetitive.,1
adam ling : as soon as i started to play this game i was hooked the gameplay the graphics are simple but the game is just incredible. i love it,1
jeac fraust : the addition of zen mode is the best thing ever!,1
kavish diwan : some time jump is not working then in the next game it starts working automatically 2nd issue that i am facing is when game is started some time not able surf on the board as it fells down own it own without pressing the screen to jump hope team will be able to reproduce the same,1
cj : this game is hella fun! this game won't let you down. its so fun !great time killer too.,1
bboy sudhan : good graphics and the free mode is awesome that free mode music makes us relaxing.great game recommend to all.....,1
tikhon glum : great! amazing gamelan as well as graphics and music. nice way to rest,1
thomas stubbe : best use of commercial videos in a game i've seen so far! great graphics,1
ismail hossain : actually this game is quite good but not best,1
reee maximus : nice game,1
hung bui : do not skip stupid tutorial like that,1
karen rogers : beautiful and with well-paced goals. also infinite tries. alto and his gang are invincible!,1
mr david : this game is awesome! graphics 10/10,1
chris wallace : it won't usually let me revive alto,1
stefan bogdanovski : the best game ever,1
gangster vicky : i never played such a interesting game,1
twitchy clinard : the combination of beautiful,1
ar gaming : amazing graphics and sound effects and lighting,1
kyle maddox : once you gain the experience of the game,1
payal dancer : this game is the perfect example of 'small is beautiful' ! the background views,1
rakesh sachdeva : it is the best game i have ever played ...... the rain is the best part of all. strictly use headphones for this game. stress buster,1
vanshaj kapoor : this game is perfect 5 star game!! no flaws what so ever.... the atmosphere of game is delightful to watch.... surely one of the best games of android.,1
adam jackson : beautiful game but needs a bit of an update to keep it exciting as gets a bit samey after a while. maybe a sequel? also dont see the point in gathering points or lamas!,0
romeu holanda : i can't recommend this game enough. beautiful.,1
jens kraft : jumping over chasms way too difficult...,1
chief pauk : zen mode is the most relaxing thing i've ever experienced.,1
vinayak singh : background music is sooo good...graphics n all are simple yet addictive,1
kemryge : my second language is welsh so this is really good for adding a rare language like cymraeg.,1
pavithra pradeep : it's a really simple and amazing game. one of the best mobile games. however,1
govind kendre : purely it's addicted game plus point it's music it's feel relaxed ..,1
a google user : yes. everyone should get it! and it is free! it is an amazing game and really fun and addictive.,1
thegreatcornholio cornholio : i love the art style and the whole story is great and i like how it is just like a game where you just relax and enjoy the mountain and scenery.,1
wilhelm : i just wanted to say i liked the game if i have any complaints it would be that you always land face up aka you never get your face in the snow,0
enya : why should you get this game? 1. the music is beautiful and amazing 2. it's really simple and fun 3. graphics are awesome 4. zen mode allows you to relax and just...play,1
flavius vacaru : it's basically amazing,1
amy r : i love playing zen mode on this game. but maybe some distance markers on the slope or something? it'd be good to know how far you'd got in a run.,1
oliver ruivivar : i really thank the developers of this game its sooo awsome and pls make some more,1
akash mishra : i simply love this game...background music n scene is so nice and serene...and if u just want to get lost,1
djelibean : don't change a thing. this game truly is a masterpiece. great time killer too.,1
bear empress : i can't not sing the praises of alto's adventure. i was instantly hooked by the simple yet adorable aesthetic aspect of the game. i love the simplicity of the controls! what keeps me coming back are the goals. it adds a bit of challenge that's totally optional,0
matthew hiorns : great game. it looks really good and had an excellent soundtrack. would definitely recommend.,1
peter mitchell : this game is amazing it almost made me cry this deserves 2 million stars,1
alan clarke : easy to start,1
senarath : i am really like this game. so addictive and fun. recommending for everyone,1
john renold ricasa : by far,1
yuhara : great visual,1
arav tewari : this game deserves a 5 stars. i'm always playing zen mode on my way back from school and it just makes me relax. just amazing.,1
pog heiter : soo awesome,1
akemi stormborn : i love this game! but honestly,1
zohaib mushtaq ahmad : mobile screen turns off during game play... not good,1
a7med mostafa : i've never seen a game that buety in my life,1
ashik : itz really a very gud game everyone must play it...,1
shmuel h. : amazing and relaxing game. for the one who invented the zen mode: you're awesome!,1
jean-luc pfandler : never annoys you with advertisements,1
mark taylor : awesome game! very addictive and quick to learn. wonderful graphics as well.,1
chazman x draw : this game is so good and it will take you to a place so relaxing.,1
lancelot m : i love this game really,1
jamie strachan : took me a good few weeks to complete all the missions and was great fun.,1
chunky craftz : there is nothing to describe this as it is truly an eye opener and it is awesome,1
phil : this is an excellent way to relieve stress on short bursts.,1
a google user : amazing! very soothing and a great time killer. i absolutely adore this,1
game and its music.,1
hiren ambekar : i really loved the music in zen mode!! its really immersive music!! you don't realize that you've been playing for a long duration!! great game!!,1
a google user : just wow. amazing game,1
florian cernescu : it has been a pleasure playing through this game,1
arthur hinojosa : takes your mind off stressful things,1
waylander anarant : just a masterpiece of gaming,1
sudhanshu kumar : the only problem is ads. overall awesome game,1
drew macgilleon : great game,1
a google user : by far the most amazing game i've come across in the free mobile gaming industry. and that zen mode,1
tory marting : this is,1
the greengamer : i cant believe this is free the music is great and the art style is awsome,1
rainbow paper crane : this is still my favorite game ever! the music is so relaxing and beautiful,1
subhankar dey : love the game. such a clean ui and wonderful simple game.,1
a google user : what a gem. simple,1
paul fletcher : this game really stands out,1
behiza bilgen benli : this was one of the games which made me feel lighter in the dark days.,1
a google user : the f***ing l o n g nighttime mode messes everything up. incredibly annoying! please sort this out (shorter or adjust- or even choose able) and right away: 5 stars!,0
daniel s : simple,1
yerchan tatyosian : one of my favorite games these days.,1
a google user : everything about this game is amazing! it's super addicting,1
nick armstrong : some goals seem ridiculous even though i eventually get them,1
fi hasan : one of the best running game. u can see shooting stars and wish,1
april a : absolutely addictive. my friend let me try it on his phone. i couldn't wait to play it more. opened all the way to izel...fun way to pass time..,1
akhil p : the music speaks maaaannnn!!!. incredible music on earth. loved the weather effects-especially the thundering effectsss......thunder sounds""""""""" the graphics are awesomeee. no words to even explain how i enjoyed ittt. a small infant goes to deep sleep with a 1 min track play.. hats off to the artist. thanks for the best ever game that i played from my childhood..... my sincere thanks to the noodlecake studios for offering such a beautiful fantastic game..... if i would be a poet i would really,1
thelegend27 : this games beautiful atmosphere and stunning music will keep this game in your mind as it did mine,1
chanfrogs : this is a great game that is very relaxing!!,1
aleksander szubert : looks good,1
keiron ingram : i can't belive how good it is its absolutely free and it's good,1
lai ling berthoud : honestly one of the most beautiful,1
sha ahammed roze : my favorite part of the game is the zen mode,1
manoj s : best game i've ever played. the music and graphics are great to see,1
shahbaz talpur : i really love this game. thanks to developer's for making such a wonderful game,1
steven xia : i frequently failed while been distracted by the view.,1
terence lee : simple yet great graphics,1
galen h : best mobile game i've found. simple premise,1
poonam singh : it's a game which takes us in some another world which is beautiful!!,1
si carter : great for chilling out but also challenging - those triple flips,1
anirban mukherjee : fantastic music,1
justus george : this is one of the rare beautifully crafted game on play store that u can get....everything is so beautiful an soothing to the eyes about this game...keep it up devs and try to make the app even more amazing...:-),1
zac fischer : now it force quits every time i try to own it. i loved this game,1
tarun chaudhary : one of the best mobile games. easy to learn difficult to master.,1
18_me_306_naveen kumar k r : really awesome one don't forget u r ear phone during zen mode,1
a google user : this app is sooooooo addicting,1
fernando ibanez : cant see night time mode,1
glossy yoshi : this game is morw than five stars ! especially the music and the graphic!,1
msbrowny05 msbrowny05 : i'm addicted i this game. i have it on all of my devices.,1
chauncey shaw : the whole concept and structure is amazing. love the art. i can play forever!,1
scheele : this is a very interesting and well designed game,1
zeus : awesome concept and very soothing and exquisite background! absolutely loved it! worth playing!,1
patrick plante : this one is a keeper,1
reza d. luffy : the hell happened!! already lv. 53 and.it's gone.. pooff.. i started from the beginning (again).. i already connect to play games.. wth happened?? damned... what is the purpose it's get connected to play games then?? you should implemented cloud save... i don't like this.. uninstall!! cursed you noodlecake you suck..,1
brinton johnson : great graphics,1
jadon arey : the gameplay is absolutely beautiful and the backround music is inspiring. great job noodlecake studios!!!,1
leif duncan urdaneta : my battery went from 44% to 34% with just 5 mins of playing. and that's with nothing else being turned on (no wifi,1
waleed afzaal : the game is beautiful. just a little higher fps and it'll be waaay better!,1
quitano gonzalez : really enjoy this game. it's relaxing and the best time killer.,1
es degan : i love this game. it so beautiful and soothing. the zen mode is the best.,1
aden perkins : amazing graphics,1
keshav chander shori : the background music,1
a google user : i like the beautiful game ever this is so great game ever like i love this game so much you are a genius this man should be a millionaire lots lots and lots of money u should have a l manchtion like i love this game so much it inspire me so much,1
a google user : the game is great but they should add this thing were you can make your own levle,0
martynas kvietelaitis : wedum boise ... but its really nice. one of the best games i ever played.,1
long change : i just love this game,1
mai erb : it's kind of a useless time passer,1
tessa silversides : so much fun. love unlocking new characters,1
marian lakomcik : very nice,1
saqib nadeem : this is by far over of the best games on google play! simply beautiful!,1
april ranta : it's offline! i have had this game for awhile and i just love it!,1
j c : i just don't get this game. just really tedious. i can't see rocks coming half the time so boop... start over again. and again. maybe it gets better?,1
kazzi hozzain : one of the most fun mobile games i've ever had the pleasure to indulge in,1
flynn smith : what a wonderful game,1
piyush prashant : just go for it. you will absolutely enjoy playing this.,1
gary short : so simple,1
mirry mirry : it's fun and great! i can also play without wifi,1
gireendra achaibar : like a nerd id say this game is freaking kool,1
anusha karthikeyan : such a beautiful game with amazing visuals and a good concept.,1
aditya singh : all my progress in this game has been reset. why can't it load my progress from play games when it supports it? reply asap.,1
lysette lopez : although,1
nallagonda lakshmi adithya : this game is both addictive and relaxing at the same time. loved it!,1
paul kavo : great game ,1
k aditya : the music and the game play are just superb ! music is mesmerising,1
mochammad fathi : graphic and art-style is good! music ambience is greaaat!!,1
adilson somensari f. : this game is just awesome. great visuals,1
pluto : i hate it so much its annoying,1
howar31 : audio stuttered a lot while playong with bluetooth headset,1
ian damant : simply elegant with beautiful graphics. i've really enjoyed spending time on this.,1
afsheen ashraf : can't wait to play as a llama,1
cakra abimanyu : this game is really really amazing and i really love it alot. the music is relaxing and the graphic is really amazing.,1
ethan : this game has good graphics,1
dillon h : love this game! it had me playing for hours.,1
sahitya beri : a great game to let your brain relax. love it!,1
shibalik roychowdhury : the game has a very good graphics and the creatures are looking very good,1
tyce kootstra : highly entertaining. fun to master. and it never gets to crazy hard.,1
tuyet le : i like everything about this game,1
a google user : how does someone make 2d look soo beautiful?... this game is freakin beautiful...the background transitions are flawless and seamless...always jaw breaking.... the only reason i die is because i keep getting distracted by how good it looks. the gameplay is simplistic yet addictive and it works.... and thanks for the zen mode... wait...wheres the strings attached? aha! i paid 6.99 fo- wait.....its free? hah..well,1
zakaria amrani : the best game ever ,1
gwen ojeda : i play it when i'm stressed and my mind just relaxes. very addictive and fun.,1
a google user : it's wonderful if your plying it for a short amount of time,1
tan au kit : some times cannot pick up powerup and coins!,1
a google user : engaging objectives. beautiful graphics. relaxing music. just the right game to unwind and pass time.,1
adeline able : this game is a must have for anyone. the graphic design is incredible,1
pat b : brilliant little game,1
robert wilkinson : i'm seriously addicted to this game,1
evildouggie12 gaming : it is a great sress reliever if u play the the endless mode.in all i love it,1
shrey bahuguna : that was an awesome game,1
anandhu us : need a calm mind you ill never find a good place,1
shepherd y : the game is beautifully done. and the soundtracks... ohh the soundtracks are just the best,1
kashifayyan khan : its an awesome game ive played till now! the sound,1
chisty khan : very nice and lovely . game graphics is very good . well features . background music is lovely and super .,1
adil moin : it's not only game it's more then thinks,1
michael angelo sison : its annoying that then phone light suddenly goes off!,1
salma hassan : one of the best games i've ever played its nice calming and the settings beautiful,1
e b : this game is awesome,1
aneesh nair : the music and scenery reminds me of me playing journey in my old ps3 years ago!,1
cameron putman : best mobile game i've played in my life.,1
elma nafrada : fantastic soundtrack and ambiance. no sky lanterns during rain,1
nauman ahmed : beautiful locations..and nice music! just doubles the fun,1
benjamin phillips : just an amazing game to just sit back and chill out to. it looks and sounds fantastic.,1
vishvanath u t : it gives me peace of mind and relaxation. i feel awesome.,1
gajendiran : i never witnessed such a game before.,1
spoderman 116 : it makes me feel relaxed ! make mote games like this please.,1
ram kumar reddy : beautiful game,1
don kaveen : brought back good old flash games days. lovely interface graphics and music..,1
sonicgroove : i first played this game in the apple store and 5 minuets into it i knew i just had to download it on my phone,1
alex428 : it's really addicting and fun. you can do backflips,1
sourabh kamble : its just amazing. nice work done by artists,1
mario nathaniel : one of the most beautiful games i've played so far.,1
daniel coelho : the graphics are beautiful and i love the day-night cicle.,1
krishnakumar m : visuals,1
day hop : it'd be really cool if you guys added a "beach mode" within this game so we could sled on the sand!!!,1
oliver coyle : this app is the best cartoon ski game out there :-d,1
tony virili : simple controls. tons of fun. plenty of options. beautiful to look at. music and sound complement it perfectly. excellent production overall.,1
vaeh : this game is so fun and i love the background and how it changes,1
reni reyes : gameplay is easy to learn and really entertaining. best app to spend the time!,1
ahmed amr : awesome! i love it so much. it's like giving me relaxation,1
d k : to be honest this is the best game i've ever played.,1
agnes lau : great graphic and amazing background music! definitely worth a 5 star rating.,1
james hynes : the visuals look amazing.,1
harry pinder : i think this game is very fun to play. would recommend.,1
saleem afridi : the zen mode is even relaxing. love the game so much.,1
dec0de : it is like poetry ,1
ferhat s : i logged in to google play on my old phone and i already unlocked tupa and bought things,1
sajid rahaman : just awesome. everything is just perfect. the game of relaxation. five star just worth it.,1
elia marcatelli : awesome game,1
aadil diwan : its really a great experience to play this game.i usually never rate any app but after playing this game i felt i must appreciate the efforts of developer.the graphics view of mountains,1
a google user : a game that doesn't glitch or make me super mad yay,0
rob molloy : less fun,1
harsha bv : graphics and background music is nice,1
robin swift : really charming graphics,1
sam gilley : really good looking game. presents some really good gameplay and the soundtract is just absolutely beautiful. really loved it.,1
soumen khara : this game is too easy to handle. and it's have lots of fun .,1
creamysteamy : this game is amazing,1
helen miranda : it's so beautiful and i love it so dam much great work game creators,1
kakashi sensei : it's great relaxing music great game play and it's just perfect,1
zodiac : such a well made game the graphics the design the music it's so good!,1
rishav ghosh : good adventure game but many more things to update for more attraaction,1
aaron sousa : love this game,1
aiden piatt : game is extremely fun and addicting. maya is the best for making backflips all the time.,1
a google user : i can't even jump i press the screen but it doesn't work fix now,0
michael eldred : took a little bit to get into,1
sherlyn formanes : i really love this game. the graphics is great. good job!,1
mauro : simply amazing,1
keisha s perkins : i love the game,1
anne wargo : i love zen mode the music is so calming and soothing i love it.,1
vaishnav : a really awesome game to spend time on with this cool graphics.,1
abhishek pandey : really its so nice ,1
who fed teemo : playing this game just relaxes my body. i really love the art style of the game.,1
a google user : please make another version~i promiss it will be a hit!!,1
kish : simply satisfied with the graphics,1
a google user : well crafted,1
kyle hall : excellent gameplay mixed with the fantastic music score makes this for my most played game. fantastic!,1
vivekanandan a s : this is not a game,1
jamor d.w : looks and feels meditative,1
mad mad : game is a wow stars but every time that i crashed,1
rathnavel ram : i downloaded this game two weeks before and this game has very intensive gameplay. zen mode of this game took me up into relaxing moment.,1
rohit mohan : one should definitely try this game and i assure you that you will like it.,1
a google user : all the fun of the slopes without the cold or physical damage,1
david dillman : i can't get past the training level. how do you speed up to jump over that gap in the beginning?,1
anurag anand : this game has the best 2d graphics ever i have seen. thanks for developing.,1
thameem imran khan : i usually don't do reviews ,1
marisa jenkins : it makes me feel peaceful and free. because of the music and scenery.,1
rithbaan basu : one of these best game,1
chiman makwana : it takes so much time to load a video. well,1
brenda perez : this game is awesome because i love sledding it reminds me of christmas,1
soren : truly love this masterpiece. the only game i enjoy playing on android.,1
pawan dawra : the zen mode has an impact on me ,1
64 shantanu karmaker madhurjo : the most peaceful game i've ever played in my life,1
zarif itmam hossain : this is a very good and addictive game. i love to play it all the time. i like the sounds and the graphics of this game.,1
a google user : it gets so many things right -- for example,1
yada b. : very fun. nice graphics. no ads. killing-time. no internet. free!,1
chris noble : great time waster with fun challenges. great graphics,1
justin nephilim : really simple game... but really awesome. beautiful design and graphics. caution: very addictive.,1
neeraj sharma : perhaps this is the only mobile game which give us peaceful and calm experience.,1
raiyan islam : this is not a very common game. the graphics are excellent. all the gameplay is great,1
santhosh kumar : game play is simple,1
matt austin : zen mode is just beautiful in itself,1
a google user : this app is so beautiful! everything about it is user friendly and the zen mode is the best! i will recommend it to all!!!,1
lukasz kisa : too dark in the night mode.,1
thomas vail : beautiful graphics. fun and relaxing gameplay. my favorite game on android. get it.,1
red virus : addictive,1
jaroslaw j. kowalski : zen mode is what i was looking for,1
fahd sami : i usually play it before i goto sleep. nice peaceful game. i like it.,1
simon shiels : beautiful game,1
charles curtis : everything is good about this game! good graphics,1
dr anoop babu : this game is so addictive... not a a single day without playing this game,1
ashy caco : intro can't be skipped and i have to keep restarting through instructions over and over!!!!!,1
dakota birmingham : no other game like it. beautiful and amazing just all around the best.,1
randolph lewis : i instantly fell in love with this game. great job,1
mu5hr00mhead-quarters : i love this game. it puts me at ease. whenever i get a new device this is,1
one of the apps i get.,1
a google user : great game but to many permissions they have been taking info and snooping at my accounts and files why do they need to know all this stuff!!!!!!!!! and if the creates a are reading this... good!!!!,0
martin delimitov : what a beatiful game,1
zul fadhli : nice and i love this game. already finished the mission. i hope more hard mission will be add,1
nathan cahill : love this game: its a perfect mix of relaxing,1
champ life : the game is very good,1
himanshu arya : i love it,1
shaheena parveen : its a great time pass game. i like it in all ways,1
preetesh singh : music directly connected with your heart.. amazingly fantastic,1
mika naduva : best game and the most beautiful i've ever played,1
khorby elison : itz simple and easy to play.itz also very relaxing,1
shiva narrthine : the game is very relaxing with great graphics and music. so zen.,1
adam bee : completed it 3 times. never gets old. great for short or long game play.,1
colton scott : the music and the art makes it such a beautiful game.,1
rinku guha thakurta : a really exciting gameplay with serene visuals n soothing music.,1
ankita singh : i have played many games but this game was lovely and i m addict with this,1
akshay krishnan : best. i loved it. music was fabulous. nothing more. brilliant relaxing game ever,1
indra marta : i love this game,1
diepa 3d : i very enjoy this game,1
shadab shaikh : my favorite android game. the zen mode is super awesome.,1
koshila sandaru : i have reached 55 level and accidently uninstalled.i signed my gmail before i uninstalled it i can log to my email anc its showng the highscore but its dont showing my progress in the game still showing that im in level 2 can i recover my progress again ?,0
gregory williams : this game is pretty great for a mobile game! the art,1
shubharthi sarkar : best background score ever i have played in a game.its simple to control and outstanding to view,1
akshay anandbabu : put on your headphone. play zen mode. achieve eternal peace.,1
creative technology : this game is really stress relieving one.... no challenges... jus a game wen yua overloaded with work.... awesome one makers keep it up!!,1
johnny havons : wow amazing game i ever had and awesome music,1
radhika baliyan : each and every element in this game is so soothing to the ears.. maybe the best game ever played :),1
elbert wyche iii : a fun little game to keep your mind occupied for a moment.,1
jorge o : what a beautiful game. clean,1
kyle : while the game is amazing,1
mr. like your face : it is so fun i unlocked all the characters but one,1
andrew henriques : truly a beautiful game,1
aalaap ghanekar : this game is one of the best games i've ever played,1
jordan harrison : i love this game so much... i gave it one star because i love it too much,1
max panov : one of the best games i have played yet. probably the best so far.,1
a google user : guys this game is awsome install it it really relaxing loved it 10/10 star rating,1
aakash gurbani : such an awesome game play. amazing graphics. everything looks so beautiful.,1
naveen choudhary : a calm,1
rahul ela : love it.,1
m. samin : a nice minimal game with relaxing gameplay. keep it up,1
a google user : a great,1
kai lee : please tell me if there is soundtrack. :),1
abdul moodie : amazing game,1
cheems : best time buster game hats off to the makers.,1
rhinestones sky : i liked the game so much.. i finished all levels without skipping a single,1
task!.. way to go... won't remove the game.. hoping to come up with more,1
levels :),1
darren manning : a brilliantly made game. strangely relaxing and yet challenging at the same time.,1
avhiejeetr : liked this game a lot.. very good graphics,1
joey : a very nice game that creates a new world to immerse yourself in.,1
chris gerber : i love this game!!!!!!!!!! the zen mode is soooo calming if you turn off the sound effects. this game makes me feel like nothing bad will happen to me. i would recommend this to anyone!,1
raj raj : i dnt like games!! but i really like this game very realistic music and graphics expirience!,1
bikranta sarkar : great game for boring times.,1
dicejay 101 : this is a very beautiful game i think the mechanics are great for this type of game,1
corina bogatu : brilliantly simple,1
always around : the best game download i have made for my phone hands down i love this game!,1
zeta moto : i love the game it's beautiful the music is calm and inspiring and the overall game looks amazing.,1
tanish rai : alto's adventure is a very nice and challenging . awesome music. challenging missions.,1
yasser bayani : after reaching forth character everything goes routine.,1
r e : brilliant game,1
rohan pal : it has good graphics instead of being a small game. i like it.,1
bency alexander : love it.. when i feel stressed i used to play this game and feel relaxed.. won't get bored...thank you team alto,1
caleb rakete : very atmospheric,1
instantkarma : the graphics are great. i love the music. it's very addictive,1
samia dadan : as you keep playing this game it keeps on becoming intense and addicting.i would surely recommend this game.,1
a ghost : this game wins your heart with its graphics,1
mr. peacock : the game is great. visually pleasing the soundtrack is delightful. gameplay simple and fun.,1
lucas pontani : from the minimalist game design to the soundtrack,1
henry siebert : superb. simplest game for android availible,1
jurvian san : this game is good ,1
manas godara : the game was working fine in the beginning but now it keep on hanging again and again.,1
juan fontanez : great graphics,1
prince dibiase : good game overall and pushes you to beat your last time.,1
zubayer shafi : nice music,1
jacob jacobson : it is a very beautiful and relaxing game my favorite on play market,1
jason johnston : so fun and on your toes and the change of time is awesome!,1
kurvin charles : it's so calming & really gives you peace of mind,1
reuben : it is so addictive and runs so smoothly without lag,1
bill davis : the terrain is constantly changing,1
j c : best,1
rahul mishra : the game is awesome. the only game i am playing twice after completion.,1
robert sasse : as far as endless runners even can go this is top of the line.,1
lalitha kumari : i loved it's music and environment in the game its a super game ever,1
anthony ant : i loved it till the end! i wish there is a second one,1
mustafa zrary : the tasks are too hard some of them the graphic is perfect,1
reuben ronaldo : awesome graphics n easy to play download it guys u'll definitely love it,1
simon friar : challenging and beautiful. looks great on a phone or 2k tablet,1
pranav p.k : i love this game.it has great graphics and more entertaining,1
trent williams : the music in this game is amazing! 5/5 stars.,1
sarvesh chitodkar : nothing new. same thing repeats every level. what's the significance of llams?,1
brandon hodge : its a really well designed game and well taught out thank u,1
livvy k : alto's adventure is full of tricks,1
clown- senok : an aweson peacefull game. such games are hard to comeby. good job devs and keep up the wotk,1
preyash chauhan : good games,1
a google user : get some character by gold and they don't have any specific abilitys,0
amin vosoughi : it is the most relaxing game i ever played.,1
alia saber : it will hurt when he falls and he is fine when he falls is int it,1
fathi namouchi : best game ever... the background,1
linuxh2o : one of the well managed game ,1
keisha lewis : it's a relaxing game and the music is awesome. the graphics are great,1
samuel o'neill : very atmospheric,1
jasmin : this game is wonderful. the graphics,1
kishan modi : in my life i never seen this much relaxing game....... this game is like blackhole......,1
ryan pankratz : couldn't jump the chasm in level 1 - no hints or pointers available.,1
thermo die : after about a week it is the worst game ever,0
ethan naidoo : very cool and unique game. certainly a stress reliever and fun game,1
prateek vasisht : the art and graphics alone are worth 5 stars. beautiful game with thoughtful game play.,1
abhyuday khare : the song plays and gives u a nostalgia.just feel great to have it.,1
zachary llewellyn : beautiful graphics!!!!!,1
helen taylor : so good and the zen mode is so good so you don't want to smash your phone,1
manish kumar : perfect graphics. guys must install this game you'ii feel a new environment.,1
cassun : the amazing scenery combined with the relaxing soundtrack makes this a truly wonderful game.,1
lloyd s : could do with a small map in the bottom right to anticipate when the drops are coming up.,1
pedro varela : smooth and soothing game. ,1
jzone ozone : very beautiful backround...keeps me playing for hours without knowing it. thank you :),1
rachie g : cute concept and beautiful artwork freezes every so often however five stars if it stops freezing,1
javier perez : i really like this game,1
m k : feels great when playing,1
shrikrishna holla : easily the best visual-audio combo i've experienced in a game on any platform,1
kieran martin : love this game as you can sit back and enjoy the peaceful scenery.,1
jayanta das : i the world of 2d games i think it is one of the best game i have played,1
ahamed shareef : but little bit tough i think but u can download it is ur wish,1
cameron davis : this game has the best game ever it has the best graphics i have ever seen the music is good i just love this game.,1
fatal whale8 : i love this game the controls are easy graphics are amazing and the gameplay is awesome i give this game a 10/10.,1
matthew kayanan : would give it 6 stars if it was possible. zen mode is incredible.,1
havergal samosir : love the sound effects,1
nitin gupta : no flaws. love the clean and hassle free gaming experience.,1
mrudul sankhesara : truly amazing game...the music the sound the sceneries....rains snowfalls...its pleasure playing this game... its a mind relaxing game...,1
pom pom12 : this is the most beautiful game i have ever played :d,1
a google user : i like the look of the snow and the dier,1
eduardo goldemberg : amazing game and business model. other developers should take this as a reference.,1
tanner donaldson : i don't know,1
partha bhuyan : this game is really a cracker. its animated graphics and music make everybody relaxing,1
loucst 121 : i like the background sunset and mountains also how the villages look beautiful.,1
trick ludwig : it's very fun and relaxing,1
a google user : low fps on snapdragon 615.,1
cory jackson : add more stuff to buy like faster backflip rotation. fun game,1
kumar teja : one of the best games i've played in recent times,1
george pipilis : amazing art style and music,1
buick bloodbeard : it's pretty chill. graphics style and music are cool. and it's simple.,1
ninad sabnis : the game is elegantly designed. the progression system and level design is well designed and thought out.,1
md danish akhtar : loved the game,1
alex stroecker : y'all did great on this game,1
sujay sinha : the gameplay is quiet limited but the graphics are really good specially the change of time.,1
kevin bancroft : simple and beautiful. what it does do,1
md. minhaj uddin miraz : love the soft music of this game,1
spin2win : plz solve that problem,1
jandel : i love it is so soothing and it's great for wen your mad and need to sooth,1
darshan rao : brilliant graphics,1
shreyas rp : just love this game for its simplicity. and the idea of the zen mode is just genius!!!,1
crunchycrustacean : possibly the best mobile game i've ever played.,1
kamaljit kar : what a beautiful game i really like this.,1
sachin jani : best flow and soundtrack. music is so soothing and awesome that i feel like listening it forever.,1
mrtoekidjan : this game has entertained me ... furthermore the sound effect such as a music ... like relaxation music ...,1
snehal lad : nice simple graphic n very advective game play also good music,1
asif a. : loved it,1
justin james : i can't stop playing lol great fun game,1
og_frosty399 : wahoo it's just amazing it's the best game ever the sound,1
dalene rich : fun but lame cause its the same bord everytime,1
jesse colton : this game is really good the zen mode helps but i don't use it,1
chandra arun : it is really super cool game and this a best casual games for casual game love rs,1
akshay gandhi : great graphics and music. so far the best game i have ever played.,1
waheed malik : the best game ever.its music remind me of song of the sea,1
muhammad munawar zaman : the best game i have ever played and the most awesome part of the game is the music .... loved it totally ...,1
elena fardon : this game is a great game it takes you away to a different world.,1
willian yuiti : awesome visuals and ambience,1
souvik dhara : just awesome...... one the most best game ever played...... the game is so soothing that..... u would never be boured up...... the music.,1
redowan delowar : the game mechanics,1
kaif bhati : the background and the music is so awesome and i personally love the zen mode,1
rohan saxena : this game is so beautiful and serene,1
prasad kini : loved this game. mind blowing experience.,1
ravinder rai : addictive yet simple and beautiful game...smooth...in my phone when horn is blown some glitch is coming ...please fix this issue.,1
collin christian : best time waster on the market! love this game,1
drew biehle : and hard! although easy enough for my 6yo to play too. nigh on perfect.,1
sam mcafee : great game for unwinding. all about the visual and audio experience. love it!!,1
tyrese paul : alto is really and addictive game,1
boringbaconlover and eggs : i like the gameplay,1
efren sanchez : it's very nice,1
vishal singh : this game is different from others. it's fun and relaxing. great music ,1
hamwar shwany : i like this game so much . ig has an amazing graphic an sound,1
papertrail : it keeps gliching so you have to restart from the very beginning of the game!,1
anik dey : simple. aesthetically pleasing. relaxing. amazing!,1
matthew fyson : thanks guy,1
anuj rajak : you must play this game it has a great background music...,1
b x : i could go forever on this game its addicting and i could not literally stop playing until people slapped my band out my phone,1
sophie merrett : its so addictive its fun to play me and my sister both love it !,1
a google user : good graphics. like it alot,1
di chen : music can't play through bluetooth.,1
denz : its a great beutifull game definetly will reccomend to buy but when you do a trick please make the sheild longer,1
dan s : really good game,1
martin lee : a perfect peaceful game. love the zen mode,1
a google user : in one line ,1
sudipta mondal : very nice gameplay. great graphics and nice music. one of the best game of 2016,1
ar. shreyas joshi : loved it zen mode especially !! hats off to the creator !!! have more ideas about it that i want to share,1
chandra mohan : inspiring graphics and gameplay and the moon lite could have been made with more detail.,1
ashish sharma : beautiful game with best graphics and game physics love to play the game,1
lilylove 9161 : i love it i love the zen mode too. it was amazing with earphones,1
connor faries : i love playing this game in my spare time. great game 10 out of 10,1
dogethegamerandvlogger : it has good features its is my favorite game!!!!,1
jenna k : it's a really nice game,1
derek robinson : the game is fun but it would be nice if you added more upgrades to the game,1
julia sharbutt : game crashes every time i try to open it,1
dimitri kalandia : relaxing game . rly make u to calm pleasure to play it ^^,1
timothy johnson : this game is fun and relaxing but challenging at the same time.,1
denis kobernik : please,1
loozoo : fun game,1
eitan weiss : it has beautiful graphics extremely pleasing music and it's very fun,1
vivek kumar : awesome game! graphics are great it takes u to another world and background music is mesmerizing!,1
ray b : can you add some customization for alto or like collect some atrefacts.,1
the gaming begginers : very addictive game ,1
armando gil : amazing game the music is incredible it makes you feel relaxed and very addicting!,1
marton suranyi : it's control is awful and limited.,1
raji luqya maulah : a simple and pleasing game. hope some new songs in zen mode on next update.,1
a google user : graphics and gameplay is awesome! can play this a whole day.,1
shivam lavti : the graphics is just awesome! loving the zen mode!,1
sid53 : this is a game which you play just to play!!! not just playing for the sake of upgrades and coins. beautiful game with good gameplay!!,1
shylesh : but need some more intresting i made it 5star if u made..,1
manish sharma : i stuck at starting how to cross that big gap,1
john lennon : this game is so cool and the graphics are so simple and pretty its really fun and its definitely worth getting,1
hazx17 : this song make me more comfortable. can i know what is that song,1
fairoz makandar : music reminds me of my lost love,1
a google user : just waiting on the helmet and chasm rescue update,0
rat dooper : remove the dumbass rocks or make them bigger,1
andy heppel : cannot rate this game high enough,1
tash squire : its a good game,1
biplob saikia : this game is very cool and the graphics are beautiful i love this,1
iacopo cantoni : perfect game,1
vasily petrov : very good and addictive. beautiful stylised graphics,1
oisin oconnor : its simple,1
len eppich : amazing graphics and smooth motion. great game,1
rajvardhan singh parihar : nothing can come close to this free runner! beautiful,1
arpan saikia : nice game but try to increase the amount of coins in a run it will really help.,1
ayan garg : okay,1
just nick : well built,1
hermione k : amazing characters and super graphics- best game here,1
nurul syasha : this game is so beautiful and i love zen mode its so relaxing.,1
lewis churchill : this game is sooooo good and i cant stop playing it,1
meena patel : truly a work of art i can say without a doubt that this is the most beautiful game i have played this year,1
ann faith : this app is amazing. the music and visuals are everything.,1
jason : the most relaxing yet fun and addictive game for android,1
cecilea rossity : i really love the graphic and it is super cute this is the best game i ever saw,1
creekworks fishing : amazing game plays good runs smooth it really sucks you in and gets you hooked,1
sophia mota : this music is so calm and the place looks nice but if you make an update this will be even better,1
gavin caswell : u should do front flips:3,1
hasan shaik : smooth gameplay. simple yet amazing visuals. oh,1
kyle nighman : easy to learn,1
ayushman singh : one of the best looking games on android. and good gameplay too.,1
stephanie jones : i think this game has good graphics and is fun and entertaining,1
io games : free fun 4 the whole family easy to do,1
abhishek kumar : basically endless running but with spectacular graphics,1
titus primeaux : a good game not gonna stop playing,1
regina connell : i seriously loved it also it makes worth a calm experience,1
yojoelle : this is the best game i ever played in my life,1
mallu punk : i like the nice view and theme of the game,1
zen : it is good people you must download,1
janlee boltron : i lovrle this game its full action and adventure,1
a google user : this game is the best i still two hours playing on it,1
a google user : this is the simplest and funnest game i have played on android,1
draken dot : my favorite part of this game is the audio the songs are so smothing,1
sherry barnes : i think they should make a altos adventure 2,1
isaiah jackson : the game is awesome make more just like this,1
soma roy : it good but it should make a higher jump,1
lalit kumar singh : awesome game so beautiful and scenic background must for android,1
matthew nold : more customizable scarfs and change location or wild life,1
deivis suastegui : a amazing game relaxing music is great gameplay too,1
double aa : best third person view game ever,1
a google user : it is so awsome it has very good graphics,1
craig floyd : it has barely any ads and great graphics,0
emily hobdell : very good game but some of the levels are a bit hard,1
donald duck : best game u can play on a phone,1
ben bishop : very calm music and overall a sweet game,1
simon m : its really good and the graphics are amazing,1
raja athwal : lesser visibility at night weather,1
joshua emmanuel : stunning back ground graphics loved,1
science classes : love this app for such awsam grafics and music,1
mannu dangi : m always using on my evry phn,1
sulagno ghosh : the most beautiful game in google play store,1
sekou yansane : i got a new phone and lost all my progress,1
manish khadka : i like tji a game very much it is time paasing game and good for free time,1
a google user : ive had it for a while now and realy love it!,1
zakiyah west : you can play for hours and hours without getting bored,1
lokesh thota : great game i appreciate noodle cake for this game thank you,1
shamindra nonis : zen mode was the topping u got free cuz they love you,1
a google user : this game is so good i can play this 4 hours,1
nate dagreat : i used thison a i phone at a t a t it was awesome beautifull dishighn,1
chris is cancer : loved it but a little hard to level up but not bad the graphics are great,0
shivam pandey : this is the best game i have ever founded on google play,1
mehraj shaikh : i wanna know if i can download that soundtrack frm zen mode,1
skynyrd 333 : very simple game play overall repetitive boring,1
sizels : i played this game about 2 years ago and now i play it again and it has lots of depth now and has new features such as new power ups ect amazing game,1
raja ubaid ganaie : it is very good and adventurous game.it might be outstanding if it was made with 3d.....,1
polash jyoti goswami : the music n graphics are awesome,1
a google user : the features is they add the zen mode,0
sir hollowog : i love this game use it for my youtube channel and sub scribe to x_steptek_21,1
david de graaf : yo this is like the best game i ever played keep it coming bros,1
divya ghosh : i have downloaded it across every device truly relaxing,1
uvayn kumar panday : the best game i have so far,1
izz 98 : it has a beautiful gameplay but i think it needs more soundtracks,1
lazy potato : i liked the zen mode its relaxing great work noodlecake studios,1
pastformal : simply amazing this is a atmopheric ambient jem of a game five stars round the board,1
a google user : great adventure game but add something more like new character,1
harley smith : it is one of the best games i have ever played on a mobile device,1
wombo combo : beautiful background and stuning gameplay makes this game an easy 5 star,1
nishith joshi : this is one of the most pleasant games i have ever played,1
gabija l : this is the best game i ever played its really fun for kids,1
hakxxaw official : rarely do mobile games deliver such a spectacular work of art,1
arianna mcgurn : i just love tyis game allaround great gam,1
colin gray : at times it pull my eye lens but besides that its a kool game,1
sankeshwar sivakumar : ive never seen a game like this with so much graphics,1
lilyonpillies : i have an apple iphone and this app has a different publisher and costs money,1
sh : very relaxing gaming good graphics over all its a great game to play,1
bros wierd : best game i ever played that was calm and gun at the same time,1
peter chai : overwhelming peace and tranquility especially in zen mode the soundtrack is amazing along with the minimalistic nature best game for me,1
rekha rawal : very beautiful background good sound effect best game,1
noel titus : i love this game! it is so scenic and addicting!,1
mehak imtiaz : this game is awesome. the first time i played it i loved it,1
joy michael : love it the zen mode.. great job ! great game to play,1
jayden g : this is a great endless runner with great gameplay and beautiful graphics i would recommend this game to anyone,1
peach piyorose : this isn't just a game,1
jaxx : this game is fantastic.no microtransactions (other than the coin doubler...)great graphics,1
surgeforce33 : really good game,1
miguel puente : this game is perfect for mobile. fun. fast. progressable if that's a word..,1
can't wait for odyssey :d,1
indranil das : the game is awesome...but i think just a backflip as a skill is not enough for me to give it a ....... 5 star,1
moose : this game is wonderful the music is great i love everything about this game keep it up,1
david castillo : best game i've play in my experience of gaming well worth it,1
ankit manglam : the game is too sexy graphics are too awesome but there should be more backgrounds but the game is awesome,0
hyoungsuk choi : one of the best mobile game ever,1
ar el : hands down one of the best android games ive ever played,1
keionpeko : thank you for making this app i love it,1
a google user : this game has very beautiful scenery that calms the mind,1
jdyn dansby : you should play this every day,1
flex ruiz : i cant put down my phone because of this gamr,1
budy azriel : you would never stop once you played it,1
farrel arsyan alvaro : the music is really relaxing and the gameplay is so good loved it,1
brian knorr : the best game i played in a while,1
ryan griffin : fun way to pass the time when you have nothing else to do,1
d.d : you guys should put new places in there,1
ajani elliott : it can pass the limit great graphics,1
maurel reynolds : this game is awesome best time killer and so fun to play,1
laith_ aj : only music and art who make the game wonderful i love it,1
swapnil chauhan : awesome but both the modes should be developed a little creative and thrilling,1
a google user : i love this game alto and i play it so often my brother loves this game too i think you should download it!!!!,1
ricardo sein : me and my brothers compete with of us gets more character and wich get far then the other,1
a google user : the graphics are great and the music in zen mode is so peaceful plz make more games like this,1
mujtaba uddin : the most relaxing music in a game i ever played in android and great way to spend a quality time,1
josh bell : this game is something special it's a work of art is really really good,1
james paull : a blatant ripoff of ski safari.,1
ryan lemar : app crashes on g4 after update.,0
jussomguy : it says lookout after crushing,1
a google user : apex this stuff can't beter,1
eli stein : pretty good game overall not much to do but the drive to unlock new characters keeps the game addicting,1
daniel bizzarri : this game is simple and addictive!!! all you really need for a tablet / phone game :),1
hasnain aslam : great graphics,1
ajen bilodiya : very good work to develop the app! love playing it!,1
dawson willis : do i need to even explain this? download and find out,1
daniel aksovski : i love this game. it's awesome and music is fantastic and relaxing.,1
ragil sagita : great music,1
aditya p : the colors are so soothing to the eyes i sometimes fall asleep ehile,0
playing.,1
bhima : it's wonderful game so super the one who wants peace of mind should have this,1
a google user : brilliant graphics amazing sound keep up the good work.,1
fayiez smith : simply perfect love it it my opinion download this game and have fun i just love it,1
norman l : fun but no more progression once you reach lvl 60,1
dogan can cinar : chilling game with awesome chilling music and the zen mode,1
trang trang : i love the scenes in this app and it just keeps me stay on screen for hours,1
humbleacho : amazing look so nodern mc outdoor woods and the sun set,1
viking vikk : the best haven't played something that good,1
frederick setjadiningrat : expecting a calming game,1
joseph o'brian : i love this game i can't even discribe it!,1
pooya hemmati : zen mode is truly amazing especially the music it really relaxes me and takes me to another world,1
ready tonight : it made me so emotional that i can't explain,1
semil prajapati : i like this game because it is thrilled for me and children also,1
karthik kk : just worth it guys i recommend every one to try this one,1
danish fahmi : this is thw best game but it is hard to het money,1
radya hadianto : the music and scenery makes the game more than just game,1
omansh sharma : it is the best game of its type and have best graphic of all,1
jean lett : it is a cool game but it is a little rustrating but it ok a gess,1
julian guajardo : this is the best game relaxing and peaceful game i have ever played,1
sanjivani dangle : please add players,1
abhishek tigga : very cool game just out of my control and play this game,1
kaushik thapa : great mountain snowboarding game and a very good relaxing mind game,1
xzavien dalgleish : the graphics are amazing and that song is so peaceful i love it so relaxing,1
skyler jr : greatest graphics i've ever seen,1
s2_son : i hate autocorrect,1
godz hulk : no words can describe,1
edwin amaya : does not work on my tablet,0
erin ford : the graphics are great and addicting in a good way. i would definitely recommend this to my friends.,1
abin john jacob : it's really a great game,1
david : i had played this game on my old phone and when i played it on my new phone after signing in i still have to start over,0
waleed sohail : everything from the concept to the art is just perfect my only complains,0
are that please decrease the coins needed to revive and add better upgrades,1
ashwin gattani : great experiance and soothing music. zen mode is my fav!!!,1
corina radu : i think the music was so good ,1
a.m. valera : the best game. literally,1
dead spaniel : a beautiful wintery escape. love it,1
akash khan : one of the best designed and visually stunning games out there!,1
harshwardhan : great graphics and sound can't stop playing this game,1
jim jam : amazing game and i'm so addicted!,1
ben savarese-hill : beautifully designed game! simple concept,1
chelsy a. : very calming to the mind,0
remo joseph : such a calming yet exciting infinite runner game :-),1
cesar rodriguez : this game is amazing the scenery is amazing and music and definitely try the zen mode out which is very relaxing,1
raj kiran : thanks for the zen mode game is peace full and relaxing with amazing music,1
zaed ashar : i loved it! first i got it on my windows 10 laptop then it was so good that i needed it on the go... my asus zenfone go!!!,1
f chong : loved the mechanics,1
james : very peaceful game - thank you great graphics!,1
dr. t. n teti : i cant dwscribe this is the best game i ever played,1
marc anthony bennett : not sure how to use wings... needs better gameplay tutorials. but i like it so far.,1
ben shaw : nice art style,1
mr. fancy : i think you should add new characters to the game by way i think this is actually pretty good game,1
tturner207 : i love it especially zen mode ... it is so relaxing,1
sj nath : the most peaceful game i've ever played.,1
keysunlocked _ : literally the best game ive played yet. cant wait for more updates !!!!,1
sasha mingasson : really great game with an amazing flow,1
keeptv : this is by far my favorite mobile game!,1
hriday bhalaria : hate that you keep losing progress on updates.,1
rahmatullah 43 : night scene... i really love it. it's like i'm enjoying night beneath moon's light and quite place,1
darren hayes : jump on that board and catch some lama's!,1
this_channel _is_dead : this is my favourite mobile game.ever.,1
yash berry : the game is awesome!! had it for ages... completed all goals... please add some changes... new characters... new stunt props...,1
milos prince : fun game,1
joaquin guinoo : me and my family love this game! everything is perfect!,1
akif angel's family : i think you should put like more than backflip,1
eric cheow : somewhat look like ski safari but with better game play n scenery,1
a google user : thanks for adding arabic language its really nice game it worth 5 stars,1
ty mello : the game is awesome and zen mode make you feel like you can do anythig,1
aryan hedau : magical! love the soothing music in zen mode!,1
anya lebron : the game is addicting and the style set up of the game is great too.,1
sherlock : maya is amazing ...love to do backflip with her,1
bilal shurabi : the game is endless. the music is very good the game is a grate time killer......pls add some more powerups.,1
frank della ventura : great little time killer,1
roma asdf : thank u very much,1
arshad faizal : the game is awesome and fun to play best game ever!,1
matth quinatadcan : very nice game. i liked it.,1
sunny soni : i nvr imagined that any game can be soothing,1
leonidas zairis : everything is awesome the gameplay the music ... its sooo cool,1
derrick otieno : love the game very addictive,1
chotamil potter : the scenery. the music. the zen mode. the game . simply beautiful,1
quincy groeneveld : the graphics are amazing... the game itself is very addicting,1
gerry paradis : very calming. still has some intensity. wonderful flow and gameplay.,0
jenna shaw : i really love this game i think it is really cute and adorable especially with the lamas but it is very glitchy and that can somtimes ruin the game x,1
rinaldi suhardiono : so relaxing,1
sajan dhiman : this game is pure masterpiece.,1
victor rogachevsky : beautiful,1
esteban saiz : the graphics,1
den tivor : thanks for work. please,1
nathan perkins : fantastic and relaxing.,1
iman v69 : cool game have i play :),1
google account : this game has good graftes and good sound track this game has it all love it how you can make more game in the future,1
abel sanchez : i like this game,1
francisco cosio : repetitive but excellent graphics and game flow,1
a google user : beautiful and addictive.love it.but buttons (end run,1
ankit yadav : beautiful mood and setting. just like journey vibe.,1
ankit porwal : i never played a game like this in android......very creative game and nice music......u guys...please make more games like this........,1
a google user : paradise called. they want their game back.,1
prakhar mathur : when is alto's odyssey being released.,1
irish3kmafia : great experience can't wait for the next one to come out,1
no name : love it best game eva rlly awesome but would like a few more dudes to play as,1
joao silva : perfect mobile game. simple and yet so addictive.,1
soham banerjee : i love this game. it gives my mind peace.,1
matthew whitlow : gets a bit hard after a while! anyone else notice that the icon picture is physically impossible to have in the game?? he should be faced the other way of he's upside down,0
az : i never expected it to be this awesome ..love this game .and u have done a great job developers,1
samim khan : please tell me the release date of alto's odyssey.,1
bob solomon : beautiful game,1
john corsica : requires 41 internet acces ,1
a google user : this game is totally awesome and the music of this game keeps calm the mind....love it..!,1
elaine hoffman : the graphics are beautiful and the further you get into the game the more choices you can unlock i really like it,1
nouha blackbird : i don't play it that often because of my studies. however,1
white _niggu : this is one of the games i play when i feel stressed and it calm me right away,1
false alarm : great graphics and beautiful music. love it!,1
mathieu bergeron : best game i played on my phone in a while. well done!,1
casen zilch : a gaming experience one of the best game ever. amazing. scenic. soothing. trippy. satisfying.,1
a google user : i can see why it's the editors choice.. i recommend this to everyone.. great art & engineering.,1
slap doggo : these graphics are amazing. this game is so peaceful.,1
michael white : this is the most satisfying game i've played in a long time,1
liesl amanda : amazing game ,1
xzzx grand : if only there where to somhoe purchase coins...,1
hannah : really fun ,1
anthony rustici : i love how accurate and fun this game is.,1
dwayne heath : love it. create more levels plz . and tricks :d,1
eugene zhuravel : very addictive,1
jhoanna bongabong : i hope there would be additional bgm (in-game and in zen mode --- i will like it more!) also,1
arka mandal : its a great game. wonderful gameplay and very pleasing background music.,1
d'vano marin : i love the graphic but add more color,1
elijah pichette : this game is very fun and addictive it also very easy to play,1
jack alkindi : very nice game to pass time and to enjoy,1
jordan williams : this game is what u call great,1
atul jaybhaye : what a game wow music soundtrack so nice,1
devaughn anderson : this game is the best game i have ever played,1
j fighter : a good app when there is nothing else to do.,1
a google user : so calming yet addictive. play with sound on.,0
vidhya sagar ganesan : so beautiful! the graphics so serene..and the lightning in the dark,1
vignesh nallathami : muzzy game.,1
zuhair shah : no stress no hardworking just fun,1
bishnu km : but not good at all,1
sz : i saw a game first time whose music please hearts thanks for making such a buetiful game and thanks for zen mode please install it so buetiful,1
kwan mitsurini : simple generic gameplay. good soundtrack to relax.,1
caveman : totally fantastic. graphics,1
corey vickers : great graphics,1
shivam ahuja : everything's good except the fact that on the cover of the app there's a picture of maya,1
steven young : a great game,1
shantanu raj : very cool game. uses less ram. fast,1
robin ryan : a joy,1
yousif ezzo : great graphics,1
md. washib khan jammy : just love the game. music adds extra flavour.,0
christopher wood : simply... awesome,1
harsha khandare : best game i have ever played!!! ^__^ it deserves more than 5 i will give 100to this game,1
paresh karle : best of bests. loved the music. peace of mind.,1
shayzan salvacion : its fun,1
harry gilmore : stunning visuals,1
amar singh : please ,1
a google user : why is my character so small and the trees are so big i cant see and crash pls fix and i will rate 5 stars,0
lavinay singh : its a perfect game but sometimes become a little hard graphics are fine and controls are awesome zen mode is my favorite,1
sheikh asad : this game is really great with a great pleasant music.... love it,1
lana gotic : it's a beautiful game addictive!,1
souhardya : i love this game's music,1
murali krishnan : additive with its easy gameplay and soothing music..,1
gryphon guys : it's shades and colors and gameplay are truly amazing.,1
margaux griffith : one of the best games i've ever had!,1
neelu kamla : graphics are excellent. outstanding music,1
arnab barman : awesome game !!! i wish i could have rated it 6 stars,1
pranab ghosh : super cute ,1
marcus proctor : the game alto's adventure is fantastic but if we could rewind the tricks we do it would be even better like i would advise everyone who has a phone to play it.,0
adriano montan : perfect game for calming down :),1
urbi mandal : the most beautiful game i have ever played .... the music is amazing too !! but how to change characters ? i can't get to see other characters..... can anybody tell me how to unlock them ? pretty please ??,1
ya basic : the graphics,1
benn cooper : i enjoy this game but dislike the night time levels as it's to hard to see obstacles. anyway to skip them other than quitting out?,1
sudhakar lal : simple and most beautiful game i ever play on mobile....,1
pankaj bhati : beautiful game.. loved it so much,1
yusuf : good game..love the graphics,1
victoria draper : excellent game,1
zachary abramov : this is one of games i'v ever played. everything about is great.,1
chris b : my god this game is beautiful... zen mode is so relaxing,1
-_- meh : i love it so peaceful:-) 5 starz in my book,1
dj : the quality graphics and thrill of leading your character down a mountain,1
a google user : soothing music with near to real graphics and a combo of cool tricks it is the best editor choice app,1
denny kurniawan : not only addicted but make me relax when playing with headphone,1
ashish nair : the most beautiful game i ever played till date with outstanding background music,1
oguzhan karakaya : wonderful scenery,1
kartikeya srivastava : an absolutely beautiful and atmospheric masterpiece which is a must-have,1
mahir ahmed : it's visually stunning for a phone game.,1
a google user : much more than a simple game. it's incredible,1
gowtham karthikeyan : good graphics. good gameplay. good sounds. good logic. good game.,1
chitrabhanu mohanta : one of the best games with excellent graphics. fab work by creators,1
fath athar : it gives soothing feeling when playing it..,1
william manson : awesome best game ever can't stop playing it,1
a google user : absolutely gorgeous graphics,1
will haynes : super glitchy. ruins what could be a rad game.,1
venkatesh vinzuda : smoke to weed and play this game,1
eli adams : really fun when i'm on the bus and the music and scenery is amazing,1
vishwesh rajpurohit : super smooth and peaceful... one rare game we don't find these days!!,1
ethan h : i absolutely love the new zen mode the soundtrack is so calming.,1
lee kelleher : amazing gameplay,1
waleed butt : also have portrait mode. it would be awesome.,1
piyusha patel : it is really good,1
raghavendra ravi : terrific gameplay,1
naman devadiga : very nice game i totally love it,1
keegan s. : got all the characters so much fun!,1
harshvardhan singh : best nd makers or any other person plz plz plz tell me is there any place like this on this earth,1
deep web : needs new update with new background sound and also some new characters with new level complexity ......,1
jessica robinson : (best game ever) omg every one should get it,1
prashant kharde : very nice cool and adventurous game whoever sees this i say that this is the best game ever played i wish you all will download this app very mast game ever played,1
ashari sambodo : cool graphics...,1
olamide : simple yet intricate. this game is just perfect.,1
korey sanks : i live this games and what would be even cooler is you make this a series of games like maybe a parkour one or one wear you can skateboard,1
a google user : nice graphics,1
felix coble : really cool design and gameplay is awesome as well!,1
hashi hari : wonderfully 2d game! loved it.,1
subhag jain : zen mode is awesome. graphics could have been better.,1
luke morgan : just a joy to play ( and complete),1
jajam kalyan : nice design,1
alibek sayat : totally unforgettable experience! beautiful and gorgeous game!,1
hisham : when i play this game i feel pleasure. nice music and awesome game,1
md.mostafijur rahman obama : everyone needs to download it. it's a great game,1
katora black : may that game bring light to you in dark places ... when all other lights go out ... thanks for that awesome game ...,1
jose villazana : great game to have time go by..,1
r d : excellent. smooth gameplay smooth music. good pass time.,1
underdog 206 : simple but perfect game :),1
jon leonard : great game good graphics and sound afects and music really good game,1
zach hallison : alto 2 make a new version ..with a frozen waterfall... u need to add more background graphics... just the same places shown,1
ish meister : i absolutely loved this game!!! if only there was a story mode...that'd be great,1
nayeem uddin : simply beautiful and the controls are pretty easy...,1
him yang : it's really a beautiful game in all aspects.,1
patrick mcbride : mezmerizing,1
qayyum zainal : relax ur mind and frustrated sometimes! haha!,1
vijoy varghese : it is a wonderful,1
sibusiso motlhokwane : its addictive,1
a google user : great graphics n beautiful music <3,1
nick burg : truly an amazing game,1
nicholas fennell : love this game total chills me out after a hard day absolutely love the zen mode really easy to play but so additive,1
joe : i haven't had any problems with it. :-) gr8 game,1
chris hawkins : no ads. really smooth and visually pleasing game. loved it,1
a google user : one of the best games. incredible graphics!,1
a google user : what ski safari should have been. first class.,0
shaun : everyone should download this game. fun to play .,1
abhi shake : i like this game plz play and enjoy,1
satu-itzel mondragon : amazing. i live in the andes mountains. i love to ski,1
a google user : must download. very immersive. beautiful artistic design. good music. simple play. great app!,1
faizan romail : awesome game so relaxing,1
suthima buddee : good songs. good graphic. good game.,1
robert dawson : it's a really good game that has good graphics and really good gameplay.,1
blink shot : it removes stress,1
khyon : great music. beautiful graphicas you must download,1
robbie hilton : lots of fun,1
kyle : fun to play when bored,1
arcturian lessions : simply amazing,1
ritabrata dey : great graphics ,1
albert bielsa : charming and thrilling at the same time. perfect graphics and details,1
imtiaz ali : a game that is made by love iam sure.,1
ribfan hariyanto : i love the flat scenery and peacefully bgm 5for this game,1
blair geiger : this game is magnificent. i had a blast playing it.,1
a google user : its reallll good. its quite simple but fun,1
bidyananda pukhrambam : wow! the game and its sceneries.,1
hn vo : a true work of art... the scenery and magic of this game is absolutely amazing! a must-get app; one of the best games i've had by far...,1
muhammad junaid : amazing gameplay breath taking graphics and awesome story line.,1
adrians : it's so good it smashes teeth.,1
amit sharma : beautiful music and having a very good gameplay,1
ben brown : best game ever played on my phone i love the game now but can you add some more things to buy,1
alexis mundle : this game is so calming,1
sivraj chettri : music and graphics are very nice,1
oscar gardeniers : best game i've ever played in the world and the other worlds,1
rex roy : but could introduce new tricks and new specials,1
ramandeep sharma : nice game loved it addictive nice gameplay excellent graphics,1
mahnoor rana : i love this game!,1
nino nanino : i really playing it all the day.. coz it's awesome game.. so download it and enjoy..,1
kam healy : i love altogether but try to add new obsicls.,1
hasan nagriwala : this game were very nice game this game were very great graphics,1
shuaib mughal : its addictive and has really. good music,1
a google user : it's a great past time tbh . big win,1
charbel makhlouf : the graphics are the best part of this game ,1
angel gray : one of the most beautiful games on the cellphones! <3,1
aryan gupta : according to the size it's gonna be the best gamere regarding skating,1
shanu francis : super nice game sounding also... love it,1
jim barlas : finally i can enjoy a game!!! best gameplay..very good graphics...the music is perfect..deferent background everytime and is changing smoothly as you play...i have no words for this game...its the best for me...good job!!!!,1
devan varambhia : i can play on one phone but cannot continue on another.,1
nicholas guthrie : beautiful game,1
muhammad affan : this game is great. not bad for a adventure game.,1
zennon s. : beautiful i love it its fun easy gorgeous and relaxing.,1
nathan taft : best mobile game i own!,1
a google user : amazing game! totally loved it. the music and sound is so pleasing. please add some more places!,1
luqman hidayat : still has some bug,1
subhasis chatterjee : a fantastic game. the zen mode is awesome!!,1
a google user : what a great game! plays with one hand too,1
chi-town lover : so fun and simple to play. i could play all day long. (^.^),1
squidboy88 : ttuly a work of art,1
hunter turner : this game is a lot of fun,1
rob dixon : a great game that's appealing to the eye.,1
pasumpon pandian : has wonderful graphics and great sounds!!! while playing it i'm feeling so relaxed...,1
pippa rankin : lovely art style,1
ian and alex weaver : love it!!! wish there were more places to travel,1
steve wilkes : breath of fresh air and beautiful aesthetic.,1
dude bro : best game ever atleast try it!!,1
gaurav sharma : great music,1
a google user : "watch video" doesn't work but apart from that it's great,0
raenyia anderson : so serene...beautiful music,1
gabriel raphi : i uninstalled the game and all my progress is gone,1
shashwat tiwary : watching and playing this game is so soothing and it also gives relaxation to our heart and mind,1
neeraj alavelli : the game graphics are classy and splendid!! unmatched...,1
heather visser : graphics are beyond brilliant! really,1
eulalio lopez : amazing gameplay and great controls. very addictive,1
aaryan rane : the game is perform to pass time but is addictive ... been playing on and on,1
pritam paul : very soft and nice experience playing this game. superb,1
jason philip : great ui. wonderful scenery. soothing music. and oh,1
eric porter : easy controls,1
jaydon siemons : this game is very fun and addictive,1
sambhav saxena : i haven't played a game like dis.......... infinite fun....... must download,1
haidy a. : i love it so much it is my favorite game ever.,1
ankur varshney : it makes me to go for real snowboard.,1
a google user : this is the best game i hve ever played.,1
austin_jl : so satisfying so simple udderly perfect.,1
shavez alam : yeah dis iz 1 of da bst game....,1
jamey reso : amazing game. beautiful colors. great interface. solid gameplay. addictive. mesmerising.,1
thomas calton : this game is a good time waster and the backgrounds are beautiful,1
a google user : beautiful game,1
angela cunanan : great graphics,1
mr purova : it's relaxing and such a great game,1
lesh : great game. a great time passer. great graphics. great concept. great everything.,1
thescudman : its got everything you could ask for.,1
nightsin sarrow : its calm. smooth ride,1
infuriated scrunchie : i love this game so much.,1
scott winser : a rare combo and a great game to unwind.,1
lyadeku : i loved it...this is the best game i ever had,1
a google user : very nice,1
czars salad : one of the best games out there!,1
i like turtles : this is one of the best games ever with the best graphics!,1
jack p : very relaxing for such a difficult game.,1
rizki fahrurrazi : best game i ever played on mobile phone.,1
advik tibrewal : i would give 5 stars but every time i finish the last mission for a level and then go do something i get reverted back a level and the hard mission is now not done sometimes i skip the mission so when i get reverted back i have trouble completing it,0
lo : this is literally the most beautiful game i've ever played,1
shreshth : the best form of ski safari & with awesome background music,1
aca kostadinovski : one of the best games ever. piece of art1,1
shweta s : the game has a peaceful feel to it. i love it.,1
marsh : it's the most best graphiced game ever and i love it,1
n.a.v. : the music is extremely nice and soothing.,1
seventh prime : one of the best games i've ever played,1
charity goff : very relaxing,1
angelou sunga : the relaxness of this game is cool.!,1
a google user : it's really good and has soothing music with i love,1
kaushik parashar : sweet game. the zen mode really helps to sooth your mind. nice game.,1
pramod kumar : this game is very nice and it is snowing game i love this game very much,1
m. ifmi makhbrury,1
toms strals : i die when i wana check out the beutiful graphics.,1
deadpool : i just love this game.. graphics are amazing and music was mindblowing....but game data save..log in gmail is not working.. after log..i can't my save level game...,1
katelyn lawson : this game is addicting and the graphics are amazing i love it!!,1
the boss 21 : an amazing game,1
ben weinstein-raun : the most beautiful game i've ever played,1
mr.gooch the third : it looks,1
games on : beautiful background music and graphics. i love this game,1
theslenderkiller :d : i play the game one time it is awesome!!!,1
diwaker patel : best game for time pass ! & the music was amazing !,1
brian james jabson : easy on the eyes. relaxing and fun game.,1
rin pestience : this is my most favorite game ever!!!,1
nihal shameem : i love this game very much and audio is nice to hear...,1
matas zavalis : there was a bug for me but now this game is great. recommend it.,1
saurabh s : i want to transfer my game progress to my iphone. please help.,1
petar orevic : a comfy game,1
gregory : and nice atmospheric background music!,1
talha iftikhar : loved the adventure and the atmosphere. the best game ever.,1
abdul rahman : the game is just awesome...good gameplay and excellent graphics.. waiting,1
for alto's odyssey..,1
sampath kumar : loved the music,1
kishore kumar : i am so impressed by playing this game,1
a google user : needs to be played on big screen for full experience,0
yuan : should add mulitplayer and be able to customise you snowboarder,1
ajmal safi : you play means licked very much,1
steven barnard : lovely game with just enough callenge to enjoy playing,1
dimas subaktianto : nice for relax and as a friend when i waiting a reply from my bae,1
overl : i could spend all day playing this,1
akshay khakam : literally wowww what an game loved it no words,1
beople the_apple : it was awsome,1
dishant das : the games graphic and audio is awesome and immersive,1
dubmartian : it reminds me of minecraft in certain ways,1
buns_18 : its nice and calm i enjoyed it,1
chinmaya kumar nayak : i think this game has the best ever graphics,1
maj hlace : good ass graphiks and more,1
suresh kumar : graphics are good,1
future robot : one of the best game i have played ever,1
danyal azhar : one of the best game for android love it,1
zeth stedman : its a really relaxing time killer with great graphics,1
konamiz : come on we all know this game is super good,1
a google user : it was really fun to jump over dices,1
a google user : nice music and amazing graphics quality,1
anjana agrawal : the music touched my heart,1
jcvp z : so fun and zen mode is so nice,1
ethan brown : great game could do with a bit of tweeking,1
abhimanyu pathania : grateful that apps like this still exist,1
mehroz durrani : one of the best games i have ever played,1
marin cooke : i love everything about this app,1
ibrahim bettahar : incredible game and very beautiful world,1
lilsavage hernandez : really good i could play this game for ever,1
ajay morai : a very very good game of all time,1
jamar brown : beautiful game with simple but fun gameplay,1
juju elin : so smooth and extremely relax background music,1
niranjan ps : superb game with superb graphics and sound just love it,1
shivam kirti : its the most greatest coolest game i've ever played...its been 2 months since i installed this,1
bruno ramalho : loved it. great sound and ambient design.,1
omkar karkare : beautiful graphics,1
shane permalloo : the graphic is superb and the gameplay fantastic. love this game.,1
rajendra shah : perfect game but please slow down that elder,1
pratish zaveri : very well thought game. very innovative.,1
chris ivan robert ceres : i can't even pass the first chasm on tutorial. what is wrong with me!?,1
a google user : awesome game with good graphics and relaxing music. best running game.,1
chris robinson : this game sucks,1
joanther calderon : very relaxing and beautiful view and addicting,1
techno soft : very nice i haven't played it yet,1
geetha rajeev : very good physics,1
audio vision vip : best game ever made in the world,1
a google user : i love it and i will play it over and over again,1
nyasha mangi : its all round perfect!,1
harel karni : highly recommend.,1
jirrod glynn : beautiful graphics,1
pizzagaming455 olives : you guys deserve 5bftwrs cause this game is a masterpiece the whole dreamscsor and the music wow the graphics too just good,1
tristan day : on par with hill climb for playability,1
bernard austermiller : it calms you as you play it. especially endless mode,1
hadi koleilat : fun and exciting adventure,1
nasanbuyan baasanjav : the graphics aren't bad and plays beautiful music,1
zahra khan : just awsome. there should be a download of the zen track,1
giovana meneses : really awesome that's all i can say about altos adventure,1
moo mooo : it's really great especially the zen mode !! highly recommended to all who likes to spend their time alone in their room ^^,1
grimzly : beautiful graphics remarkable back ground relaxing music,1
norm alman : such a beautiful but simple art style.,1
shrinjoy thakur : simple game,1
mark bowler : sorry to have completed it,1
john mistretta : one of the best mobile games ever. beautiful. simple. rewarding. challenging.,1
fajar hidayat : graphic,1
anurag guria : the music is amazing! so peaceful,1
caveman dave : this game helped me find true peace.,1
aryan dubey : a must have game .,1
soumyadeep chatterjee : just loved the game& the music and scenery is so beautiful!!!!,1
a google user : found a worthy replacement of subway surfer. xp,1
paul arnold : i love this game and it's graphics,1
kai mcisaac : addictive and fun best game ever,1
sam joseph : great game but gets a bit boring,1
levi nooe : great addictive game. i play it daily.,1
jesse maher-watson : simple game,1
praful kothari : great graphics good concept but lacks variation.,1
xxspazzattacxx : i can't describe how beautiful this game is,1
sengo sree : it's best adventures game,1
atulya srinivasan : amazing game. gr8 graphics too,1
arti gupta : nice graphichs,1
a google user : i'm satisfied. it calms my mind,1
siddharth dasgupta : the most beautiful game app ever!,1
abdullah matalgah : very simple looking game but it's really interesting,1
khaled mikado : its awesome game luv it with special music,1
tasnim ahmad : clearly one of the best android game. very addicting,1
ajatshatru singh : the simplicity of this game is its usp .,1
cierra graham williams : i love the game it's really good,1
raj singh : this game is my fav. beautiful music and gameplay..most relaxing game ever..,1
hiro shin : very awsome... this is my favorite game now,1
sanjay krishna : i don't know how to thank you guys....i love this.,1
iori yagami : sooooooooo good adventure game i've ever played,1
craig mcleod : a fantastic game to play or to just zen out on.,1
rohit pawar : really want the soundtrack of the game. in love with it. the new game mode's music is so relaxing. keep it up and if you could send the soundtrack,1
ian hall : this is an amazing game with is graphics and gameplay. 10/10,1
gaming nova : best offline game,1
elzod adilkhodjaev : brilliant game to kill the time! thank you!!,1
alan : nice gameplay,1
kernel zero : this game is my favorite.,1
sarangthem khonachand singh : a relaxing and immersive experience like no other.,1
kool kid : its just that calm.,1
annette bellamy : i love this game. it's addicting,1
james jackson : awesome game great physics and great textures,1
john david madera : i wish there's too many tricks,1
kobe kintanar : this is really the best and relaxing game so far.,1
matei : lovely. i think multiplayer could be a great idea,1
redmat76 : it's a good1 game when you feel like snowboarding,1
hugo severinsson : probably the best game on the play store.,1
rahul bahadur : nice graphics and nice gaming experience.,1
muhammed raseen : awesome game,1
kudakwashe mushunje : really like the graphics and music.,1
martin boonzaaier : very addictive. love the simplicity,1
myron meng : the scene and the music both are gorgeous.,1
icarus : this game is a treat to the eyes and ears.,1
tushar g : great game for time pass! absolutely love it!,1
srinjoy samanta : awasome game . so much realistic theme .,1
f4wkes : i love it,1
umesh prasad : good game...you can understand the changing weather in just few minutes..,1
tarun dutta : this game is bumper .,1
m. maxwell : amazing art style,1
seth martinez : this game is a great game overall it's relaxing,1
zaid azmi : i dont waste my time rating apps n games ....but this game is worth rating it ....all stars...gr8 game wid lovly scenery ...one of da best games i have played since my childhood,1
robie diano : even if it's so simple,1
jawahar jr : great music and visuals .love it so much,1
noah olsen : just get it the plug in headphones the play.,1
kuldeep tripathi : i love this game.......my best game ...... great graphics,1
christian tamondong : its a great game but theres only one type of flip.i know snowboarding have many kind of flip but that's only a suggestion..totally....awesome!! good job!,1
sst ! : love the zen mode so much,1
pratik dasgupta : it calms your mind.really peaceful,1
elliot hemes : simply gorgeous. challenging and fun for short snippets of distraction.,1
h- zyy : never played a game like this!! so pleasant. heaven feel. music is so amazing. must play,1
chandan sarkar : you must have this game for your spare time.,1
it's phantom : u font c this type. of animation nowadays,1
jranda : for a gamer my self i have a deep love for this game the zen mode is so cool you get to watch the scenery and listen to the relaxing music this game earns a 5 stars,1
nugroho suyudi : this game have a good graphic and i love it.,1
shailly dighe : "game is too good but the newly updated *zen* mode is just awesome... the music is excellent"... can i get this music downloaded...,1
margie mejia : cute grapix good time killer,1
jay kasundra : zen mode is beautifully calm and music is nice,1
lewisowen51234 : absolutely the worlds best phone game ever,1
damien reynolds : best offline games so much fun it's addictive,1
jonah r : i love everything about this game,1
dato .khornauli : really nice game.,1
jerzy twarowski : loved the zen mode.,1
lin c : its a nice game that i like to play,1
andrew hewitt : lovely game. could play for hours,1
manuela olinovici : one of the nicest games.,1
khan al amin : thank you noodlecake. thank you.,1
the nerdtron : i just love love the game play,1
kebra d : this game is so beautiful i love it so much,1
priti patel : i played it once then i kept on playing it,1
thunderback zatirn : just loved it my new favourite game,1
david tomechko : it is a fun fun game two play,1
lin krejsa : an amazing game with unbelievably awesome graphics.,1
spacematic studio : beautiful game,1
bcd x : i never played the best game!! i love you and,1
matthew morton : i find the game music and art style amasing but there is an issue with the menu system sometimes i have to click something up to 6 times to get it to respond this happens a lot with the pause button and resume button i find it quite annoying and would be happy to see it fixed in a future update,0
akashsingh sisodiya : awesome graphics,1
bear despenza : it almost sucked me in. so relaxing and peacful,1
lucas gamaleri : don't you think it is a long time? they were taking less time before,0
vido : it's super simple and super hard to put down,1
jatheesh mohan k j : player is too small. can i zoom a bit... or increase his size... except that the game is awesome....,1
kumar santosh : soothing music,1
bhargav raval : i love this game. it's music is ohh my god.it's mind blowing game.and it's zen mod is mind freshening.by this game i become relax.but plz..plz...put some new update in this game.,1
sir. overkill : it's good that's all i have to say,1
shanky j : zen mode makes things more interesting,1
steven lezin : i can't stop playing this game!!!!,1
jack h : one of the best games on the play store.,1
young g : very peaceful and relax game fun,1
mason miller : download and try it.,1
a google user : this game is amazing and a relaxing one.,1
siva kumar : can't jump the ramp,1
6.19 weekend : awesome graphics,1
enbok pahsyntiew : lovely scenery + music !! so heartwarming !!,1
agung permana : i love the graphics. great graphics,1
zavier brewer : this is how you make an indie game.,1
haziq yusri : this games is one of a kind.,1
nathaniel taylor : it's an awesome game and the music is so calming.,1
morne vs : not very likely that i would review a game ,1
a google user : this is my favorite game of all time! it's challenging,1
pro gaming : i love the game the front screen i love it would be cool thanks if they created altos adventure 2 please you are welcome for the comment,1
jamaal thom : i really enjoy the control system which is very simplistic .,1
krithiga r : mountains! what more do i want? :d zen mode and it's sound track is the best! and triple backflips with maya! <3 just love this game!,1
akula alpha : beautiful and relaxing. really love the music,1
betty 37 : is so cool dood,1
the true galactus : this game is breath taking,1
rex el : so simple yet engaging and beautiful,1
jeophry khomdram : the music is just soul soothing,1
a google user : very beautiful and entertaining little game,1
gabe fellus : soooo good highly recomended,1
a google user : gave me the feel of shivaay,1
govind s : excellent game with sleek controls and graphics loved it,1
ganapathikumar u : it is different from other games,1
king awesomeness : game is so nice love graphics,1
charlie fischer : the game is so addictive and calming,1
nishant duhan : this game is just awesome,1
carson cheney : its absolutely beutiful and fun 5 stars,1
hagen foster : i think that you should be able to frontflip,1
kellli todd : best snow boarding game of all,1
saiteja annu : very nice game i ever played,1
rabeeh ibrahim : simply awesome one of the great relaxing game,1
aakash saha : good and peaceful game with excellent graphics,1
abhinav shiva : gr8 sfx and soothing music,1
abdallah mounib : need more tricks to do,1
sunny shah : completed all 60 levels,1
soogato roy : reminds me of tombraider,1
nitilesh palande : awesome game and there graphics and music,1
charlie mcdonald : title,1
abdulrhman hesham : that is the best game i ever seen,1
paul newman : best game i have found to date,1
oscar solis : i can play this game for hours,1
julio otto m.e : the best game of all times,1
my t : nice game and best graphics really,1
kartik batle : an awesome game for time pass,1
utkarsh singh : only game that gives u a soothing feel,1
oscar whitaker : one of the best visual games ever,1
roshan jha : awwsome addictive art,1
eythan winterringer : graphics are good,1
dried lem0n : one of the most beautiful games,1
kuldeep more : i just love everything about this game,1
a google user : the game is very good,1
michael raymond : fun and good time filler,1
javan milla : its a great game with lots of future potential,1
jason patsourakos : awesome game please add more music,1
sneaky fuck by rengar : very awesome graphics,1
stephan alexander : by far one of the catchiest games for mobiles,1
andrew stuff : its a good game to pass the time,1
michael reidy : love tje music and background in zen mode,1
sampad hembram : best adventure game ever with small size,1
albert daniel : really liked the atmosphere of playing the game,1
zakir millwala : i just enjoy playing this game,1
sameh mishriky : it is the best game i have seen,1
merdzhan todorov : the graphics are amazing but not the gameplay,1
md ali : best loved it,1
ramirro xd : graphics are just mindblowing period,1
ken cavanaugh : great art work and music,1
titan gaming : love the art stile really suites the game,1
gabe kiran : simple graphics with an addictive gameplay!! love the game!,1
ramon alcaraz : i like it that's a really good idea,1
gokul manohar : one of the most fun and simple game i've ever played.,1
dinesh bhat : beautiful minimal game :) relaxed play,1
aemilia hayes : yes! it's free again! this is a really good app and you guys... instsll it!,1
anna kain-kuzniewski : it was really good and very addictive.,1
zakaria salim : enjoyed every bit of it.,1
jung hee yu : awesome design,1
vignesh babu : amazing game ever in adventure part.,1
mossy : lovely graphics/soundtrack,1
hashim ahmad : to describe it in one word: majestic,1
jason adams : calming and fun. use your headphones,1
wiyokto christian : i love this game! nice work!,1
lucia contreras : just beautiful. a work of art.,1
jarrod rossouw : this game is awesome. love it.,1
praneeth noule : it would be great if there would be zoom in option in the game...,1
anbar nawar : i love this game!,1
dee patel : simple to play,1
james martinez : beatiful game,1
hussein taiseer : this game causes happiness,1
anna lim : especially love the music!,1
jaime holland : easy to learn,1
a google user : amazing thats all you can say.,1
vijay mane : fast downloading speed huh!,1
reinier john avila : easy to learn. simple mechanics. fun.,1
tre'von owens : it helps me clear my mind. wish i could various songs to listen to,0
michelle pangilinan : cool! my stress reliever for life.,1
ashton lucas : decent. ads are not intrusive which is a big plus.,1
s. day : very nice game! simple,1
emivo : it's incredible,1
k n : price is outrageous on iphone though,1
abhinandan bala : amazing experience. had a lot of fun.,1
icyillusion9060 : it is amazing with all of the h things in it,1
a google user : its so good.everything about it is so amazing.,1
ava kelehan : this game is awesome just awesome.,1
joshua aaron : this game is full of beautiful view !,1
zane busch : very calming but lacking action,1
elijah brown : very peaceful. i love love love the soundtrack and the graphics,1
vassilis bakalas : the quallity of the game is the best...im surprised that you don't have to pay........best game ever,1
shalom ukpai : thank you so much! a wonderful game with a simple concept,1
a google user : it was a awesome game and it has a perfect scenary.,1
mtg - morattu tamil gaming : i loved it so much,1
a google user : already completed all levels but kept it for its soundtrack. very pleasant. dev's.,0
jan holik : amazing,1
skyler whitehill : just a very good good good and great game to play,1
a google user : chilled game,1
robert dugmore : awesome. specifically loved the beautiful graphics,1
tanay zambare : it's best & pleasant game,1
abhilash soni : it's nice this game is very nice,1
scott maginity : i love the music,1
andy doyle : love this game,1
yohan alexander : best graphics and cool game,1
suravi prachanda : visually and musically wonderful experience,1
ashish : amazing game for stoned people.,1
chandan das : this game is gr888. specialy with zen mode its just awsuummm. luvd it.,1
henry morrow : chill out in free mode or unlock new boarders in missions.,1
sanjay : awesome game,1
son tung nguyen : gives me a relaxing state of mind. thanks,1
charan dass : it is very nice games.,1
vishal sharma : its really nice game ..its like 10*,1
hrishabh satankar : but i am unable to restore my progress... help..!!,1
muhammad hossain : add more characters.,1
duncan watt : challenging,1
shiv chopra : music is very good.,1
ahmed khattab : addictive,1
a google user : awesome graphics and gameplay,1
dan le masurier : moved to new phone and lost all progress...,1
cait ee : don't need to spend money to enjoy,1
abdul dhansay : perfect example of a great mobile game.,1
tiago aguiar : amazing relaxing game. great soundtrack too,1
a google user : absolutely beautiful game. would definitely recommend.,1
subhrajit ghosh : play with relaxation.,1
nilaksha edirisinghe : well done.. awesome music and nice animations,1
teja savaram : good graphic.decent game play,1
mathilda kennedy : this game is a joy to play,1
ankur gupta : loved it. nice and pleasing music.,1
fraser hancey : wow it is amazing scenery and music. love it.,1
nithin nick : having a fun by playing this game,1
naveenk kadiyam : love the game nothing to point out simply awesome great job by the creators......,1
a google user : i think it is very addictive. and challenging,1
rachel gill : ill be tapping to jump,1
adrian byrne : music makes me horny,1
adithya v : it is hard to download by its koll,1
a freeone : basically another version of ski safari,1
hanane serhani : thisss the besttttt gameeee i ever hadd,1
b : maybe adding more worlds and weather,1
dr shaheer : you can play it most of the times,1
a google user : i really love it alot. but i can't seem to find the character selection.,1
who : good to play on a dark rainy day,1
rajat kesharwani : one of the best game of all time.,1
mona tajik : this gamr is really goooooood. i like it,1
princess niya : one of the best game i have ever played,1
trevdadonn : this games is so amazing and cool,1
da hustle : good graphics,1
a google user : great game. fun exciting and.,1
altersky penguin : quite relaxing.. i love the zen mode,1
sreekar parsa : time pass game and moreover catching those llamas are really fun,1
m abhilash : can't stop playing,1
paul farrington : awesome game with a wonderfull soundtrack.,1
datta chodankar : it's awesome i love this game creators of this game i love,1
forever alone : nothing to say...great graphics,1
freedom freedom : it's relaxing ,1
fu5ion prodigy : its so amazing!good music to it's just so...good!i recommend you buy this!it has good graphics and it's fun therefore being challenging at the same time!all i can say to the creators is:good job!,1
sam muqsith : soothing music and beautiful background landscape.,1
-__- : the flips are so smooth,1
harsh kumbhar : very good and enhanced game,1
ashutosh thakre : amazing soundtrack and backgrounds in zen mode!!,1
tushar tewari : impressive game & heart touching music,1
dark star : great game. wish it could go deeper,1
fahad alie : the best game to get peace of mind.,1
abhishek kumar : most relaxing game i've ever played,1
nabeel ahmed : beautiful graphics game... feels relaxed while playing alto,1
jesus yescas : love this game addicted to it.,1
jason dahl : one of the best mobile games out there.,1
m bhattacharjee : one of the best game ever made.,1
tamal dhara : one of the remarkable gem of google play store.,1
raj shekhar : awesome game,1
shitsdeeflakey : this game is amazing and very immersive.,1
rat man : i love this game! i can't stop!,1
gnome vision : nice and calming and a bit adictive. just awsome,1
wiccan conservative : amazing graphics and fast gameplay. perfect game,1
alice george : but very small things,1
raspberry_ wiskey : beautiful game i love it and its really fun,1
nooraldeen subhi : its short game but its nice game,1
subir mandi : i relay like this game,1
i d : add new characters or create a character and a new mode,1
jj zuro : this game is so fun and so entertaining,1
running wolf : great it never lags at all and again i love it,1
swapna saha : this is so beautiful and the scenery and music is so niceeeee,1
zo-ren baey : awesome game. definitely recommend.,1
jean pierre vasquez : put on some mgmt while playing this and you'll be in nirvana.,1
simply_sav : llamas everywhere so majestic :d,1
a google user : its the best relaxation and fun with adventure in one.,1
johnathan petty : stuck on the opening level not being helped by all of the prompts,0
iride : its awesom and the zen mode is an amazing experience.,1
rashique ul latif : don't install ..... lousy game,1
a google user : the sound affects are super realistic,0
kishore raja : elegant gameplay and graphics,1
heh heh : its calmly and a relaxing game,1
jack yuu : i hope there's a christmas update on this game.,1
matthew hardman : it's really great.,1
space tech : love all team who made the game,1
nandan singh : a effective and efficient use of creativity,1
tenseixwrld : the music is so insperatinal,1
call of duty channel : very cool and so good,1
wian hiepner : it is a very cool game,1
amelia o'brien : amazing game love it so much,1
_____ : fantastic graphics and very smooth gameplay,1
venkat vinayak : this is one of my best game,1
mrwhite yo : great fun an zen mode is the business,1
perryplayz : great graphics and awesome music,1
nitin dora : cool graphic love it,1
loose 137ent : great you should add customization,1
zoran milutinovic : awesome game the best ever on android,1
sanjay : magnificent visuals and fantastic score,1
nizampatnam murali krishna : awesome game very lovely music,1
karim mohammed : it is a very good game,1
ahmad qaddomi : very relaxing game,1
tomer plitman : just lovely and really fun to play,1
hatim chathiwala : calm and cool game with fine music,1
arjun vats : where artistic beauty meets gaming,1
marti vincze : amazing graphics relaxing game,1
mohit akundi : beautiful graphics with amazing soundtrack,1
tecnoman : mind blowing game and relaxing,1
frs hh : this is game is so awesome thanks,1
kiran unni : nice game with addictive graphics,1
prabha sharma : just wow loved everything about this game,1
gaurav dighe : amazing game with good graphics and music,1
leonardo coakley jr. : probably the best game i played on mobile,1
a google user : it would,1
carleen douglas-white white : boss so soothing its great,1
nikhil p.s : excellent graphics and soothing music in the background,1
venomx - : really i love,1
dewarren faulkner : best game especially the snowing boarding,1
tom benton : beautiful game easy and very addictive,1
saranyan venugopalan : completed it lol,1
kamikazi's gaming lounge : its a really fun game,1
twoforoneseth : this game is calming and rewarding to play,1
ajith cherian : its soo nice to play,1
vaibhav jain : easy to load and play,1
am nislin : the best game i ever played,1
anaranya roy : love this game,1
harshal kadam : one of the best games ever played,1
akintade akinterinwa : i love every moment on this game,1
brian o'neil : fun and exceptionally well done,1
sekhar beri : getting awesome feeling when playing,1
gvs prasad b : amazing interface and music,1
martin gazsi : download it now,1
connor bradbury : this game is beautifully soothing,1
loudness junior : the best free game ever,1
a google user : it gives me peace,1
wevv : omg get it such good graphics,1
ravi shinde : great games no words addicted,1
sebastian jm : nice background and feel relaxed,1
a google user : great game one of the best,1
crispin velez : great game and awesome gui,1
a google user : a good game to play when baked,1
simon berry : brilliant game all round,1
terrence stewart : it is a great time killer and very fun,1
seiichi : its a great game over all,1
i tobester : i think this game is the best game ever!,1
asit kumar ray : thanks to noodlecake & snowman ;) . so good,1
bijendra shrivastav : amazing gameplay! pleasing on eyes and ears!,1
maryll delposo : i love the art so much!!,1
dipra chakma : i've played this game 2year..ago. so satisfying...great time pass,1
game..thanks for this game..,1
ahmad muslih : perfect! nice song and beautiful grapichs!,1
mun sal : great its really a great game.i really loved playing this game,1
james : awesome game but it really annoys me that the soundtrack restarts everytime i die because it gets very repetitive and i would prefer if the music just kept playing instead of restarting,1
suman dey : the game have a great graphics,1
lily bray : the screen shakes and alto suddenly stops,1
akila herath : add some new contents please.,1
shahriar sam : it is the best game in my experience of my life.,1
akemi san : the most beautiful game i've ever seen. thank you. | ,1
lily perez : this game is more addicting than cocaine!,1
rifat sarkar : wow it's the best game for me.i request to noodkecake studies to make this kind of games....thanks to noodkecake studi,1
shreya chandra : nice graphics....fresh scenes..n music iz awesome... loved it..best game,1
gladinn jimson : at a loss for words!!,1
israel t : 4k graphics and a zen mod for when u want to just chill and relax,1
vminfictionstwolearners : amazing.. doesn't force you to watch crap adds.,0
raghu raman : its not about the game it's the music!,1
racha : this is the best phone game i've tried so far...the environment is really amazing and so beaitiful..and it even has zen mode...what do you want more from a game ?,1
a google user : love it so much,1
mamdouh a : this game is just amazing really amazing!!,1
marcefox123 : really good game,1
premjyoti dhar : really loved the concept of the game..simple graphics with clean audio... loved it,1
ragaila jones : zen mode is amazing.. a great stress release,1
toris swain : smooth and relaxing gameplay. visually stunning,1
monzer assar : this game is a true masterpiece. the graphics,1
judah harmon : it's a great time waster,1
ohie c : can't even make a single ramp jump,1
baldomero castillo : i like it but night come to soon .,1
deepu : a natural and beautiful background.... awesome stunts in skate board ..... is great...better than any other adventure game..thanks..,1
cory fowler : has google play progress but lost all progress for length :(,0
rajorshi sarkar : hooked to the minimalistic environ,1
shourav banik : just got one word: awesome. looks amazing.. sounds great.,1
ahmed husham mohamed : this game offers everything i expect from it.,1
julia septiani : simple yet so addictive! love it!,1
kathleen fiona : its addictive and awesome.. loved it so much.. best..soothing..and peaceful game so far..,1
prithwis chattopadhyay : this is the most beautiful game i've ever played. and the music...it relaxes.... thanks to the developer...,1
deep mitra : this game is good overall but i didnt find play games save progress feature and it will be good if it gives us some achievements,1
a google user : fun!and cool game!love it,1
sanuga nanayakkara : relaxing......fun........and one of the most beautiful artstyles i've ever seen in a game.,1
jennifer scalise : i played the game,1
sage pank : please add a full moon in zen mode.,1
sam friedman : really nice graphics,1
kenn cooper : love it so much.. this game...the digital world would be different without it.,1
maria delgrande : i play it all the time!,1
florian patrigeat : awesome,1
christiaan fick : love this game just a bit laggy sometimes,1
yukti pal : wow what a beautiful game!!! the concept,1
ashish runda : this is one of my favorite games of all time for android...,1
james young : i love the apo . it's fun and addictive!,1
milk's for the homies : i love this game its amazing but i would like there to be more more modes like one where you ski all the way down the mountain and other mountains with different difficulties,1
jha'mauri mccreary : "how could anyone not like this game?! it's definitely a game you can imagine playing....",1
shouvik banik : awesome music ,1
rasorial : best game,1
thabang samuel : good game but make it more difficult,1
karthigeyan murugesan : what a nice game to chill out.!!!satisfying music...,1
eric l : great f in game... love it! :),1
taji frierson : you can hardly see the rocks can they fix that :( plz,0
pureghost 367 : like i said awesome!!!!!! man the guy who made this must be awesome!!!,1
b : i wish i could get a little more zoomed view,1
haluk cagatay kir : cloud saving shoul add in via facebook,1
cande b. : fun. relaxing. beautiful graphics. simply amazing.,1
harshwardhan prasad : quit and a calm game with soft music...,1
sixsahi santos : it's an addicting,1
richa agrawal : the best time pass and the best game,1
rajan rajak : very very interesting game cool game,1
crazy gamer : i love this game,1
a google user : please download this game,1
salman channa : i appreciate the team of this game,1
siddhant joshi : it is very nice game it is very interesting,1
aiman haziq haikal : wow nice the game,1
jay janiani : alto is a great surfer,1
ethan campbell : i love the game and the music a amazing game,1
abu rafi : played with love... one of the best gameplay i've ever seen.,1
marco acosta santofimio : fun to play and nice graphics.,1
janeia ahki : awesome,1
rex : love the game and its peacful.,1
kaasie rudolf : this game is so fun and addicting from the second i first started playing it....so fun!!!,1
g anderson : great game.,1
tlou manamela : i love it everything is tops.,1
victoria thompson : beautiful relaxing and smooth gameplay.,1
adith anirudhan : it has nice graphics and background music also.....love it,1
jonatan zabuski : best graphics in mobile,1
devulapalli anirudh : such a lovely and wonderful game.,1
akhil aji : it's awsome..the graphics,1
prashant maniram : simple & beautiful relaxing game,1
a. catto : splendid and peaceful design.,1
rahul kore : music is beautiful and graphics too.,1
omer fad : as i played more...i began realizing how great this game was...awesome scenery and graphics...,1
ranjan arora : looking forward to actually playing it!,1
aarsh shah : i had unlocked paz and was just two missions away from unlocking lama . my whole progress is gone....,1
izhar mughal : very nice game. i like it this music :-* plz update. thanks,1
josh garcia : just downloaded this game. so relaxing and so gorgeous!!!,1
vibhu vinod : it's just so calming..,0
x- gameing : i think the game is awesome but u need to update things and add things like in zen u should put elders and u should also make other snowboards with certain abilities like speed boost or something and i also think u should add random animals like a mountain lion or u should add pets and a multiplayer would be nice,0
tem lastname : like the graphics.,1
limberg pasiona : its fun and relaxing. thanks,1
a google user : one of my favourite hangout.,1
aman aggarwal : wonderful game,1
william wood jr : love this game.,1
lusu : the most calming game about.,1
rebecca bermudez : very fun and addictive. graphics,1
a google user : my all family members are like alto's ... we love it !!,1
dawood khan : hello guys how r u all gamers like our page on fb by (gaming world) name,1
salleh armat : this game always make me relax.. thanks..,1
adv saptarshi kar : just download it...nd see for urself,1
mary : this is the coolest game ever. it is soooooooooo fun!!!,1
bernat go : great game,1
michelle gerez : cool game,1
khanh le : unlock izeal. she awesome,1
shivam sharma : it is a pretty neat game.,1
dhavala sujata : outstanding brillant......the graphis and sound of this game takes me some where a brilliant game the sound was marvoles superb i.... loved. this. game a master piece,1
tanmay gargav : awesome graphics,1
hamza ghumman : boogie the grand tour episodes of the maths book the tickets are available in the morning and evening entertainment and the half blood pressure and a half day today i have been a long time no speak,0
andre wium : really addictive game!,1
sajith t : not just five....i would give a hundred stars for this game.... superb background score..by using headphone you will really enjoy playing it... especially the zen mode...,1
akhilesh krishnan raghunathan : back light switching off as usual when playing game,1
cuddy mack : this game is for real playas only!!,1
ryan rankine : you won't be disappointed!,1
thedeadmf : i landed on my head and saw blood the sleigh ran me over and i once hit a pilgrim in the town,1
mashood musthafa : need some upgrades controles/night view,1
banj o : it's very casual.,1
gaming fight club : aniamtion is tooooo goood... nice time pass entertaining game...,1
rekha bag : i like this game...its so beautiful.. when i open the game i pleased ..,1
varun karayat : the soundtrack is epic... it's the game's greatest strength... apart from that,1
ashley : i absolutely love it and the music is on point,1
sandilya garimella : awesome game.. soothing music,1
vishesh sahota : the most beautiful and relaxing game i've ever played....,1
azim naif nasri : could you add more trick...such as triple backflip,1
prajwal d : beautiful background music....feels like playing again and again due to amazing background music...loved it....,1
phillip leao : ...this is another one that does not save your progress,1
dan b : i love this game! weeeeeee!! (backflips off rail onto ramp onto rail) hey,1
irwind kee : need more jump style and auto rename photo shoot,1
koushik raha : play it and tell us what you think,1
a google user : puts a smile on my face ebmver tine i play this game,1
vaschenna : this game is my bae and im proud af,1
narendra choudhary : loved the soundtrack ... plz add more,1
sneha saini : no other game can replace this... graphics = 5/5 music = 5/5 great time pass! overall it's an end! there is no other game that can compete alto! must download..simply gorgeous!,1
yori_nanda : please add to play with multiplayer..,1
stefan stojanovic : one of the most beautiful games on google play,1
bigboymeme exists : epic game can't stop playing it !,1
edwin weed : i've played this game many times and i thaught it was addicting at 9ne point,1
sayeed md : beautiful game...makes me feel cool,1
sandylo kevyn : beautiful graphics,1
x 1three : thanks to the creator of this game...,1
my name is shrek,1
unclearkibbles 2 : beautiful music... awesome gameplay... and the best ever that i have played...,1
hirzan windhia : it's just great,1
dan woodd : awesome little chill-out time-waster.,1
haris shaikh : the graphics are awesome ....i like it,1
shafi ullah : good graphics... great time killer,1
riand evendi : the game stop when i sign in to my google play account,1
riyan : game had some fun to me ... great graphics good theme... awesome adventures game!!!!!!,1
brian mckiernan : instant classic,1
servinta topayung : great game,1
aditya singh : it's very immersive,1
tasos papalyras : the graphics are sweet *0*,1
justine joy : it's an amazing game ...good game and a pleasant feel....very addictive ....loved it,1
jessica roberta : can you add more mode...? it's like party/colorfull mode. or... theme...?original,1
ranveer singh : loved it.,1
carl sargunar : great game. relaxing and fun.,1
christina s : it's a superb game!!!!!! u shouldn't miss it!!! for me,1
a google user : and it's beautiful the settings wow and,1
sunil singh rathor : really nice and awesome not boring ...as other adventure games ... different...,1
aseem ali : relaxed gameplay... beautiful soundtrack,1
prashant vikram singh : excellent woww besttttt.. my ideal game.. exactly the type of game i wanttt..,1
adrianna : i love this game and all like a part two of it! this game is so relaxing,1
joe andrieu : awesome. clean,1
prasanta swain : one of my best game.,1
romulo areal : great combination of music and gameplay :),1
quin : great game/time eater,1
kabir sheikh : good but can improve.,1
kristijo hurt : good game to pass time.,1
jon portillo : great game,1
a google user : it's a whole lot of fun,1
nita yulistiani : love ui,1
ramana vijay : i love this game....good graphics...and lovely music...and weather...simple game but interesting....,1
a google user : love it!!!!!!. the music. the scenery. the concept. absolutely love it. the best game i have played,1
rob : beautiful music and graphics!,1
vaibhav kate : descent graphics and sceneries.... zen mode is fabulous...,1
james jack : please don't stop working!! make more,1
abu sabiq mahdi : amazing lighting and marvellous sound!,1
ashish dadheech : excellent work on this game.. music,1
mohammad saad ansari : great game,1
budgies world : question why alto can't ride on llama like elder,1
jayant : sometimes alto doesn't jump when wingsuit is available,0
ong shanie : beautiful game. created for wanderlusters.,1
aayush chaprana : lovely and sweet game. especially the sound,1
dark vibe records : this game is just that. it's awesome :),1
raul andrei : one of the best mobile games!,1
shoaib shaikh : nice graphic just loved it!,1
sarod ss : 5 stars just for the music!,1
wjroby : one of the best games ever!,1
bee bee : i do love it,1
a google user : i like this game a lot.,1
k s k fernando : my favourite game so far. . plz i have finished the game.. looking forward for something new,1
jezrel manlangit : graphics and background music are amazing!,1
elephant ace : it's so pretty and fun,1
dr. abhilash lahkar : it's cool n refreshing,1
karen ross lee : i love it. its very relaxing.,1
sop : love it so much! the music is calming----,1
stumble bee : beautiful & so addicting.. can't wait for odessy!,1
abdul kamil f : introduce many games like this!!!!,1
fouzia rahman : i liked its graphics and the strategy when i played itbut only there is mountains not any other scenary,0
azmal hossain : its a masterpiece. ...my favourite game....when i get time i play this.,1
anshul : beautiful game but the music is simply wow...,1
the diy corner for everyone : i just loved this game.....this game is jus fabulous. never thought to find such type of game,1
patrick douglas : added adds.....ate thru 250mb of data in 3 hours......,0
ujjwal vishwakarma : never played such a cool game....,1
dar mudasir : worst experience with this game.....hate it,1
jocelyn turcotte : simple,1
meno potato : i have fallen in love with game,1
sabrina mohamed hasnol : i really love the music. it's so....magical,1
john tsi : hours of peace..,1
sayantan bhattacharyya : skiing with mesmerizing music.... just awesome.,1
lori renee burnett : relaxing.,1
nitin vellore : it's a happy feeling with that music... just love it,1
dimitar kocev : the best 2d game,1
arnab saha : it's music wow......when i play the game,1
slushberry boxingg : this is a real sexy game!,1
mohan kumar chintada : one of my favourite game!,1
atul yadav : music and background is very refreshing...,1
amritansh malviya : awesome game..found a gem on play store...music is too good..,1
suresh kumar : fantastic game and awesome music,1
a google user : superb....nice bgm......give more pleasure to play.....equipment bmg are expecting....,1
keturah holden : the graphic are phenomenal! i love it!:),1
sam rock : the guy who directed the background music was simply relaxing....just loved it...zen mode was awesome...no words to say.!!,1
sanket patil : simply loved it. beautiful! :-),1
aarya mane : loved it!!!!.... awesome...!!...,1
aditya dhamija : it's a beautiful game.,1
iw yang : this game is... truly amazing. i love it!!!!! title: wow.. amazing...,1
quentin dmello : this game's interface is amazing!.....and the music too,1
abu reza : pretty awesome ... just love this game :),1
a google user : too good. keep it coming.,1
ritik atwal : superb game and soooo addictive.... i'm lovin it...!!!!,1
dennis david : this is a masterpiece .. and it's really touches my heart..,1
jainam shah : very relaxing . loved the music .,1
vinayak mhaske : must play this game.... smooth and fine.... adventure in soft way...... i loved it....,1
mohamed althaf : fabulous game... nice concept.. speical kudos to background score...,1
purple thomas : this game is so beautiful i am crying,1
jon doe : peaceful and zen-like. awesome!,1
bikash parida : nice game ....amazing grapics....guys this really fun game....,1
vallalar : wow,1
vishal mistry : awesome graphics!!!! love the zen mode,1
suman de : it's an emotion....,1
yves pichavant : it is so cool!,1
zenthum : the graphics is amazing!,1
casca : its nice,1
christopher fallins : oughta try making a game that doesn't revolve around ads and revenue,1
michelle kim : it's a good app.,1
mario ivan estrada delgado : really good game :),1
lujain ahmed : the best game ever,1
sohom chowdhury : one word- beautiful!,1
sangit chakraborty : most sweet game i have ever played...,1
a google user : cool i love and so does my family,1
omar khaled : i this game,1
hyquokka : loved this game...so calm so serene!!,1
jen allen : loved it.,1
prasanth gopalakrishnan : very addictive.... still playing,1
surajit das : addictive game..good for time passing..,1
a google user : to pass through the levels takes a lot of time.,0
insuu : i just love this game!,1
andre van kraayenburg : great game!!,1
kevalin sharma : loved it!!!great graphics!,1
sugam mishra : game with good graphics!!,1
coach col : rocks are too hard to see,1
thony dominique : the tutorial had problems,1
yeshwanth kumar : gets boring after a while,0
manuel diaz : it all ways stops,1
jacob aicher : ads kill the games style,1
gautam dhiman : amazing ..can't stop playing,1
jesse thibodeau : brilliant. beautiful. amazing. perfect.,1
usman haider 19ballb015 : it's soo beautiful!,1
darrell parkhill : i love this game more than bacon...,1
mayank singh : best game ever played,1
the puppylover :3 : it's great and it has great graphics,1
leo oracoy : just add people...walking by the mountain or something?,0
judy sexton : it's so good!,1
a google user : this game is" facinating!".i love it,1
adam bailey : so relaxing! :d thanks.,1
praveen mishra : graphics are amazing and that background music is very soothing...!!,1
amagrasmusic : fun and beautiful game but,1
igor boiko : enjoying this game! excellent...,1
leo raymond : !!!!the best game you have ever played!!!!,1
vivekananda j : most relaxing game...,1
a google user : great game-loved it.,1
jam s : hard to notice a rock at night mode.,1
yuji : this game is amazing!!,1
abhinav thakur : it is a nice game .,1
nathan richards : well made,1
khamney afi : nothing special about this game. u hv to just tap. if u fall,1
abhay r. : one of the best games i've ever played...,1
lalit sehrawat : it's boring,1
abhishek roy : very addictive game....good graphics....and also great time killer....,1
dannish latifa putri rivandra : this game it's so cool love it !!,1
franz runner : masterpiece. the zen mode is enough. thank you developers,1
manas sable : awesome game !! best game available !!,1
bhargab singha roy : to be precise it's fantastic and fabulous.,1
aravind : it gives peace to mind,1
a google user : mind blowing game... u can live it..,1
omsyaran : it's awesome....i want to do more tricks,1
ryme : a game as piece of art..,1
om dadhwal : a peice of poetry that touched my heart!!!!just one word to say. awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
lllzaballl : slow,1
sarthak aggarwal : one game i keep on my phone to pass 1 minute to 1 hour of bore.,1
a google user : it's very fun and exiting,1
aditya diwale : i cannot live without this game...,1
g.k gokula krishnan : awesome music and climates. i like very very very very very very very........much.,1
shivanand singh : good game in low requirements..,1
siddharth jagtap : totally in love with this app !!,1
uditansh patel : gorgeous ui ,1
a google user : good graphic & beautiful music,1
a google user : i love this game!!!! its relaxing and very addictive!!! its easy on the eyes and soothing for the soul....,1
r guilardi : graphics...sounds...viciously hahaha,1
sipsipgulpgulp : takes less space and rox....,1
klick : best music and zen mode!!!,1
milly toad : i love this game!!!,1
danika : great game to play when killing time or when bored!!!,1
simon pardoe : great little game. loving it...,1
perfusion_13_prem patil : superb graphics .....nice to play,1
kunal dave : it's fun!! music is so nice.. perfectly designed game!!!,1
aswin kumar : it's a different and good game...,1
n o b o d y : simply addictive,1
18_085 keerthivasann rh : release altos odyssey faster. ....,1
manaj bhowmick : awesome game ...relaxing .. reviving..must download!,1
ali hussain : great music. amazing graphics. what more do you need?,1
mohab safwat : ads made the game boring,0
shashank maurya : it a really nice game!!!,1
kenny mccormick : epic and fun!,1
a google user : it is so interesting so please download it,1
david hullihen : awesome game need part 2,1
garvit jain banzal : best game ever played......,1
bharat singh : simply superb!,1
akash das : great graphics,1
el ellegun : great stuff!,1
hugo quinonez : cool graphics and amazing stuff you can do with this game,1
rafly aulia hadi : great game!,1
gloria yamada : great game!,1
seh sing : great game!,1
iammark real : great game!,1
axell m. s. : you wanna have a cool and addictive gameplay? well download this game,1
jay dharaiya : awesome game,1
dorsy hodam : i can't open it.... why,1
kashif shaikh : good quality... very addictive...,1
avanthika c : i can give more than 5 stars music is so awesome,1
surya t k : completed 60nth level... waiting for more interesting updates...,1
a google user : awesome game loved it,1
connor rule : get this game right now!!!!!!!,1
robert had : great game,1
owen voke : just so addictive.,1
divy bhatt : it is a nice game.,1
suranjeet ankit roy : addicted...,1
yuvraj sinh rajput : very good graphics.,1
ravishekhar jaiswal : great game,1
siddharth kumar : best game to relax.,1
pawel r : awesome all around.,1
susan nettles : very cute game!,1
kanishka v. namdeo : worth every star!,1
joe baker : its so beautiful!,1
a google user : amazing art style...great relaxing gameplay...wow,1
akash das : great game...the best game ever.,1
reuben dass : i loved it ,1
tushar sanmukh : i love to play this game...most relaxing game...,1
elijazfraz elsassafraz : first the blockheads now this? amazing!,1
dinesh babu : i will play when i get bored ....,1
kapil sharma : amazing... i love the music of this game... best game,1
sreejith k,1
mingo roselle espine : this is amazing!,1
shivam sharma : thats cool!,1
x_lewis_10_x : it's really happy,1
franklyn pinder : it's a great game,1
umesh pandey : such a nice game.,1
shubham kumar : amazing and very soothing.,1
jaza ihsan : it feel so real !!!,1
amal krishna tm : i like it very much....good additive game....,1
lora thompson : love this game!,1
mohammed abu khamis : i've finished all of the 180 goals ,1
trism_ x : it's so relaxing,1
et tech and games : it's a cool game,1
a google user : boring,1
sanjees veni : its booring,1
anita d'souza : its nit that bad,1
soraya martini : never get tired of this,1
fillah nurohman : slow loading download,1
mujju mj : no words to describe this game...,1
clankzki : try this!,1
lucas valli : very addicting and beautiful.,1
a google user : simple,1
ashish kumar das : amazing and captivating game.,1
pratiek sarkar : honestly it's awesome!,1
marcel denish : great work,1
kareem amr : this is the best game ever.,1
anne love : this is addictive and awesome.,1
arpitha prasad : graphics is so cool.,1
pro anything : toooo much fun.,1
gulzar singh : very nice game.,1
arnab biswas : amazing piece of art.,1
mohamed jebril : great,1
mahathi eldi : good graphics.addicting,1
logan mridul : very good game.love the graphics,1
arshdeep singh : soothing music.great game,1
rahul r chopra : very beautiful game !,1
sai prasad : lovely music !,1
andri gunawan : where can i get the bgm in zen mode? so relaxing,1
necro plays : what happened to this game i love it.i want to add in this game is the tricks please?,1
joyce ann : i love this game!,1
harish : loved the music in game.,1
prismatron5000 : love love love this game!,1
roshan sharma : this game is amazing... loved it...,1
leejo lenin : very cool game..stress free.,1
josef bonello : very fun and original.,1
a google user : amazing game. loved it,1
m s : the best app ever,1
ayush priyadarshi : beautiful sceneries and amazing gameplay..... music is soothing..... loved it,1
diego garcia : one of the best games !,1
amit dutta : wonderful game to play.. liked it...,1
ritesh jaiswal : amazing sound effects graphics,1
rio cahya : i really like the background music... such a relaxing music.....,1
fahim ahmed : awesome game.awesome sound and graphics,1
jason muldrow : pure awesomeness!!,1
ethan logan : triple flips are hard,1
sheriman marconi : i'd play this the whole night..,1
chinmoy ranjan khadgaray : what a nice game,1
abhirup ghosh : playing this game was an awesome experience..... loved it entirely.....,1
nikhil donthula : nice music and graphics...,1
marlon otieno : i think it's the best game.... ever,1
shrinivas manjithaya : not even boring for months....,1
kartik goyal : great game but no new updates....,1
a google user : it is so fun!!!,1
ethan kopec : relaxing,1
john carlo clemente : nice and easy game..,1
jayant kumar naik : +1 for the game's music,1
jesse manderson : rad game. add more tricks!!,1
arman esmaeeli : please update it with major addins and new characters,1
eben de klerk : keeps you busy for hours and just chill,1
swaraj naman : can u add more themes and enviroment,1
sachin suyash : only if we could buy coins,1
joshua albios : this game reminds me a lot of journey,1
eby rg : cant restore my progress,1
brandon arao : it was great!!,1
boitshoko molefe : the best!!!,1
thegn : it is the best game on my phone its the coolest game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
grace morgan : love this game!,1
nida khoiriyyah : love the music!,1
ram naresh kumar : when i was in tens i used to play this game,1
stylish sathya : ************** best of play store**********,1
sci guy : this game is a masterpiece!,1
adam pluciennik : i just love everything about it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
bianca alves : love the design.,1
victor k. makgati : it is what it is.... an adventure,1
jarilyn torres : fun and addictive!,1
shabab : quite soothing.,1
dailyblogsdelhi : awsum graphics,1
mehed : just mind blowing!!!!!,1
hite5h dalal : a 'must-have'.,1
a google user : it is amazing.love it,1
chepuri vijay : visuals..bgm what a game,1
victor tremblay : great game!!,1
raj bala : completed all the goals..... any further updates???????,1
a google user : wants access to google drive???,0
the mmh : best relaxion game...,1
jdinesh jd : great game love it...,1
a google user : could something be better than that?no!,1
prasanth kumar : i love this game,1
vichar hari g : simply superb. simply brilliant.,1
asif arman : addictive...i liked it,1
kellerkid 11 : addictive!,1
darshan nayak : what beauty!!!!,1
ricardo g : smooth and satisfying!,1
a google user : faultless awesomeness!,1
charlie lee : soothing and amazing!,1
raul reyes : love this game!,1
chan shen : best. nothing more.,1
ariyasettha tirtayasa : i love this game,1
rodney arcega : i wish there could have another map like only flying or place lots of cliffs or even jungle rope swinging :),0
a google user : can you dounload it on computer?,1
prime goton ii : love it..... thanks,1
ben tracy : fun. good graphics.,1
vishwas m n : time passing&beautiful music,1
morgan phillips : loved it!,1
rajendran madushan : totally awesome!!!,1
chriss de grece : well designed but boring,1
dark queen : pretty relaxing and challenging game,1
ishan bhaduri : good theme song and graphics,1
muulki s : it is really different,1
rence sarvida : perfect is an understatement,1
onoodle : awesome is the only word to describe it,1
nieves torres : i play everywhere,1
dipesh nevarekar : this game awesome,1
matthaus tuma : beautiful design music and gameplay,1
elijah arnold : cool,1
mohammed kazeem : nice graphics,1
phang sze xuen : absolutely love the graphics and the fluidity,1
rashi sinha : a very relaxing game,1
arjun padmanabhan : a gorgeous time pass,1
jamal sinvula : bring more characters,1
ronald durai : best time passing game,1
bukunmi : i love this game,1
utkarsh goyal : very nice game for a teenager,1
alexander brady : very fun and addicting,1
iceposeidon : great game with the best graphics,1
lemarlon griffin : this game is the best,1
er bzh : very calming action game,1
ravi kanth : very nice app,1
vaibhav ghadigaonkar : beatiful graphic and music,1
le-roy staines : very well made and enjoyable,1
anik mandal : my life best game,1
a google user : most beautiful game on here,1
phanindra potarlanka : amazing game beautiful soundtrack,1
luke joyce : very fun and addicting game,1
sukesh kawa : simple yet interesting game,1
infinity universe : nixs game and awesome graphics,1
mp prakhar : good graphic,1
raaaz babbar : music is awesome,1
geetesh jagzape : most entertaining game on earth,1
abhishek kadu : so nice music and graphics,1
diojhina juste : action packed,1
babu dhana : great gameplay,1
abhishek rane : a very addictive gameplay,1
abidu rahman : relaxing and quite calming game,1
pratik lahiri : game with relaxing music,1
masterwolf555 : one of the best moblie games,1
gaurav kataria : one of the most amazing game,1
jason de kock : most peaceful game in years,1
aubrey h : beautiful art style,1
hesham alzoubi : very good and nice game,1
bhavana tanpure : a wonderful game with good music,1
squishy o : it was vary fun,1
danelle alvior : relaxing and challenging adventure game,1
shubh shikariya : nice game to play offline,1
luke harris : awesomely addictive,1
sulma clute : i loved everything,1
william mayes : great game nice graphics,1
ziquan brown : nice graphics relax game,1
jasminder rehil : best game ever played,1
swagmar4522 saifl : it is amazing and beautiful,1
divyam deep : nice graphics,1
a google user : is awesome to play this game,1
juju sadikin : relax and really this game is good,1
shubhang kohirkar : very good game,1
sahil sharma : try to make it multiplayer,1
carlos benits : the best game ever,1
quincy bennett : the game is fun,1
mark lewis : very relaxing beautiful,1
kesmond kwek : it is just simply amazing,1
nidheesh menon : no other word,1
kishan : the best endless game,1
roger v : i really like this game,1
italian job : incredible is d only word,1
devin gates : very addictive great game,1
shardul meshram : its a very great game,1
harshit sharma : loved the new zen mode,1
bhagat sai : try to change musics,1
shenron khan : nice game good graphic,1
majid zaman : simply awesome amazingly relaxing,1
odinaka ugwu : a really cool platformer,1
p preetham : beauty in its simplicity,1
samuel lopez : i think its fun,1
tarra guptaa : the best game ever,1
andrew cameron : the best game ever,1
akram maddahi : this game is so good,1
tiberiu tanasescu : great gameplay,1
arif kazi : its a beatiful game,1
sharvin melligeri : awesome background music,1
kwe khu : loved it waiting for next one,1
obsolete misanthrope : simplicity served at its best,1
logan lewis : it is very fun,1
aditya janaswamy : zen mode and the music!,1
kaan erturk : ridiculous gameplay. coins to play again? no thanks.,1
sandy : very nice for offline ...,1
null : graphics are nice.,1
will humphries : it'sreally fun,1
dmitry tretiakov : simply - the best,1
satheesh kumar : overall it's good,1
d00f 44 : cool!,1
a google user : cool!,1
abhi shek : very addictive,1
abdul rafay : simple and best.,1
a google user : it's fantastic,1
kasia polakowska : but the goals are complicated,1
zach w. : absolutely beautiful.,1
prabhat rai : peacefulness loaded.,1
a google user : it's verry beautiful,1
soumen ghosh : good game.very intresting,1
anver botha : very addictive,1
abhayananda daspattanaik : love it's music,1
rumman jaman : great music & gameplay,1
remm : absolutely sensational.,1
ishan udayanga : great game,1
rigged dynamo : great for relaxing.,1
isaiah austin : great game.,1
joshi hardik : that's good,1
jayden fyfield : great game,1
samir bhandari : i love this game ....,1
sadatt sadatt : very cool.,1
bhadra tendulkar : awesome. awesome. simply awesome.,1
tagi tara : pretty nice game and music,1
is matt : the update is cool,1
ernie claeson : lots of fun and skill,1
bjornlee tjin asjoe : this game is the bom,1
mrunal kulkarni : a beautiful game with beautiful graphics,1
suraj kumar : loved it good game,1
panchal amit : simple and sobber game,1
masood daghmehchi : this game is ver good for hobbying,1
sad estrogenius : fun game for 10hours cx,1
ayad m : i love this game,1
mateo abiu parra : it's nice,1
dipankar bhadra : outstanding game..,1
gayathri bs : it's good,1
andy salle : great game,1
surin sin : no upgrades whatsoever.,1
pari besi : cool !,1
kevi aday : so relaxing...,1
tomy yanto : love the scene...,1
pranav singh : great creation...,1
mohit koul : simply awesome...,1
seno : good when bored.,1
amol amrit : sad? play this.,1
sayeed ahmed : i made so much progress on my phone,1
tommi vatanen : pretty but boring,1
siti a' mokujo : i already play this before,1
parveen kumar : it is just an addiction,1
nasser al nasser : i tried to install the game on my android tv and i cancelled it. then i tried to install it again then it asked for $3.99. i already purchased the game. could you please help,1
ixan hardy : can't open it!,1
arre arjun : so much bug. can't connect with google play and can't start race even open game. this bug come after update.,0
josh woodward : awesomeness.,1
harsha herur : the ads ruines it.,1
loli la : its so good,1
francisco j. h : love it.adicted,1
spiffy vii : who would win?,1
tirven naidu : it is cool,1
val tech : bomb,1
rajan ghimire : sick af,1
a google user : best in its class,1
joshmazing story : graphic so nice,1
priyadarshan anand : very nice to play,1
faheem khan : really great game,1
gaurav aggarwal : its freakin awesome,1
chandan sharma : love this game,1
joann hernandez : it is a good game,1
tarun dugge : nice graphics,1
message of love : mind relaxing game,1
nick : cool and fun,1
shakirudheen va : its perfect for relaxation,1
vincent rubino : so fun and addictive,1
agyemang gerron : simply fantastic,1
aiks aiks : it is a good game,1
tabor romero pasternack : incredible animation work,1
samuel costa : very relaxing game,1
patrick ray : the best game,1
avdhesh katti : mind soothing music,1
george badas : this is simply astounding,1
e a : great game,1
a google user : beautiful graphics,1
jace brown : ammazingily calming and relaxing,1
u.prakash : simply good by prakash,1
shreyas shetty : great game loved it,1
jose macias : firme,1
jithin patrick : this game is great,1
a google user : must play,1
vikram khandekar : i love this game,1
don b pallan : superb in all ways,1
souleyman sandid : freaking awesome game,1
red hunter : perfect in any way,1
sanjay lama : wt a lovely game,1
timothy satminthang misao : creativity love it,1
daman arue : really fun,1
v prakash : stunning graphics,1
theseventhshadow : i love this game,1
sayeed mahmood : exciting game,1
lenin lopez : great to pass the time,1
that_one pickle : is relaxing,1
anon parson : just plain awesome,1
princess de'asia : beautiful songs,1
boddu venkatesh : good graphics and music,1
dragon pearls : i love the game,1
eria arum : love the graphic style,1
asterisk ksiretsa : need more of this,1
austin eapen : simple n soothing,1
hemendra : i love the game,1
joseph iwinski : simplistically awesome and relaxing,1
jomari board : beautiful and satisfying to play,1
moepzilla : this game is amazing,1
anto : the graphics is superb,1
yvngcxrist : really awesome graphics,1
siril gaikwad : nice music and graphic,1
a google user : more than awesome,1
kanin osik : very nice game,1
katrina olsen : very beutiful,1
samantha munoz rojas : the best,1
tabari : best app on phone,1
saptagiri reddy : super graphics,1
v.charles charles : very cool supper,1
akhil kadarla : nice graphics,1
philoj johny : so special and cool,1
battyman 3000 : very peaceful,1
sumit kumar : awesome must play,1
reza wayseye : this,1
travis thomas : great game,1
your favorite youtuber xd : this game is amazing,1
robby ___ : great graphics,1
little jon : its addicting,1
saravanan s : one of the best game,1
daniel n : its a great game,1
brandon hemphill : amazingly satisfying experience,1
yonon citnalep : love the game,1
onkokame-kamogelo tsikwe : great game,1
shin : play to know,1
yung bratz : and challenging,1
abhishek suratkal : beautiful relaxing game,1
zongye wang : such a beautiful geme,1
deepak kaushal : this is very cool,1
bruce vue : very relaxing and minimalistic,1
edwin sundar raj : game is good to play,1
thechungusmeister : good enough to beat,1
rishabh mc : an awesome game,1
a google user : relaxing and visually stunning,1
paige dawes : i love this game,1
a.r.w : totally awesome game,1
abdulaziz aldosari : not my thing,1
psyco : its a good game,1
amin khokhar : i love this game,1
nava kanth : see and play it,1
yukiya blaze : i love this game,1
sarita singh : beautiful game awesome,1
marcus johnson : really fun game,1
arpan das : awesome game and idea,1
nagaraj civil : the alto is great,1
maritza : everything about this game is beautiful,1
brodythered : absolutely beautiful and addicting,1
a google user : really an awesome game,1
deepa bhowmick : heart touching game,1
skull gamerzz : this game is awsome,1
lal hruaimawia : calm and relaxing,1
a google user : this game is lit,1
hemant bheekarry : super addictive and relaxing,1
anshu boonapalli : beautiful art and music,1
jayesh jain : addictive and ultimate graphics,1
a google user : best game with best music,1
adrian canafani baxcajay : really great,1
amrit paul : love this game,1
rohit singh : awesome gaming experience,1
arik kurnianto : aesthetic & challenging,1
khairul fahmi : relaxing...,1
andi prasetyo : who says games aren't art?,1
anand sapkal : when is odyssey gonna launch ??,1
aryan yuan : looooooooooved the graphics.,1
just_kid_ing : hi,1
a google user : relax and slide through snow,1
a google user : to short upgrade pls,1
ankan chakraborty : graphics needs to improve a lot,1
arunava chanda : most relaxng game ever,1
drayten ellisor : the soundtrack makes the game,1
rahul barik : it is the free minded game,1
a google user : i like the music most,1
boovarasan s : include forward flip toooo,1
a google user : makes me think of the past,1
tasveer content : finally all stages completed,1
krithiga panneerselvan : epic game ever played,1
vanessa etovada : need some performance update,1
felipe sanches : massive graphics!,1
chirag gupta : relaxing........,1
emad alqudah : really good game,1
hrithik choudhary : great music and graphics,1
soumya kanti ghosh : really nice game,1
ray demers : beautiful music and visuals,1
aquaswan : do i really need to say why?,1
a google user : gorgeous and relaxing,1
d k : where did my save go?,1
corben peltier : i reinstalled to a new phone and lost all my credits and characters. so how do i get them back?,1
cosmic flow : absolutely gorgeous,1
a google user : exciting and relaxing,1
abhishek singh : great gameplay,1
raja kumar : ioved it,1
emmanuel chambwera : this so dope,1
sepehr nikravesh : pls update this game,1
connor johnston : can play for hours,1
saran karthik : semma game and music,1
cosmin coroian : not working on tablet,1
farida darugar : this very adventures,1
adithya dev : more than expectation,1
eva grimaldi : it sucks,1
noushad m : need multiplayer mod,1
benjamin w : beautiful and addictive,1
leah yipying : great game,1
maheash nelanka : great game,1
jane pears : love this game,1
samer el khoury : addictive game,1
the emperor khalil : great game,1
a google user : good graphics,1
marcu pricop : is great,1
3rd vessel : simply a masterpiece,1
mahesh mishra : very addictive,1
wade meik : good for unwinding,1
austin jackson : amazing graphics,1
nabil ashab : mind soothing,1
uriel diaz : the best,1
itzevan : the best,1
mehdi alamy : great game,1
joel conner : simple and beautiful,1
dusty mehul : addictive game,1
salman ahmed : love this game,1
scott williamson : great game,1
real gamer : great game,1
mohammed mustafa : just the best,1
vedhavalli ramesh : cool,1
sonia kundal : great game,1
chander prakash : cool graphics,1
sanjay thorat : great game,1
adarsh sinha : everything is good,1
amy davis : its good,1
prem patel : love this game,1
nishant kumar : great game,1
protul roy : thatssss fantastic,1
dulanja subodhana : best graphics,1
tayyab jaan : soothing game,1
christian caldentey : beautiful and relaxing,1
cool dude : great one,1
tom lams : pretty good,1
a google user : awsome game,1
ashwin kumar : stress buster,1
viperop : its nice,1
monis khan : full on happiness,1
jeff varnum : simple and fun,1
ayan naskar : great thought,1
knowledge bomb : its cool,1
sophia cook : fun and interning,1
stuart van dalen : awesome and addictive,1
apoorv agarwal : great game,1
thomas sweed : beautiful graphics,1
t : its good,1
imam khusni : love the graphics,1
praneet raj : its nice,1
jordan holland : relaxing and beautiful,1
gilberto flores-walter : great gameplay,1
justin hendrick : beautiful and fun,1
niven obando : great game,1
sonu gupta : best gameplaying,1
phillip garcia : pretty good,1
stevan gorre : great graphics,1
sainath nagamalla : cool,1
solidissac : love this game,1
sanglimuthu chandrasekaran : soothing music,1
americo benitez : beans,1
a google user : great game,1
gireesh ravichandra : simply superb,1
robert : simply awesome,1
slm 133 : beautifully crafted,1
alex grey : simply brilliant,1
kemurijima : the best,1
athen hickman : it is great,1
bianca worster : awesome app,1
kasun herath : great gameplay,1
contact karthikvs : cool game,1
shaikh iqrama : peace of mind,1
kshitij raj : simple and good,1
de5 : relaxing and additive,1
daw s : wow is cool,1
lance polius : simply awesome,1
my guyy : love that soundtrack,1
andrew gandini : clever and fun,1
muhamad rizky adrian : life changer,1
calixto v : nice graphic,1
ignas sereikis : perfection of simplicity,1
muhd aiman : great graphic,1
asif ansari : awesome graphics,1
amit nihal : simple and brilliant,1
gregor sculac : simply beautiful,1
nishan chathuranga : awesome to the end,1
jayasooriya niroshana : this is the best,1
anupam pal : addictive game,1
quarkie x : pure awesomeness,1
alfein sl : good graphics,1
rashid humayun : relaxing sounds,1
arnold august : awesome graphics,1
tiffany agler : relaxing sound,1
anthony garvey : simple and fun,1
yasir ahmed : calming and fun,1
no sorrow : why are there rocks in zen mode ?,1
john doe : amazing and addictive,1
epic gamer : cool bro,1
emreeerdogan : relaxing,1
shelby coker : relaxing,1
annette akins : harambe game 2017?,1
chris w : beautifully simplistic,1
azfar talukder : i got a score of 52k on my first death before watching any of the ad videos. i kept pressing "watch video" but it wouldn't watch it. fix the ads!!!,0
claude speed : boring,1
madan pal : boring,1
shray rana : boring,1
minhaj shafin : boring,1
tech romance : boring,1
mahesh vishnoi : boring,1
lazarous mumbi : is there a console version if so where can i buy it?,1
leroy b : introduced ads.,1
kamil ch : why is it dark most of the time?,1
rob conacher : hi,1
rid : nothing needs to be said,1
albert sebastian m : adipoli with song....,1
aurimas ancikas : relaxing,1
ghostwing : coool,1
keith berry : cool,1
sayedmohamed abdelsalam : addictive,1
heather beck : cool,1
akash rawat : addictive,1
john mathew : cool,1
ellen den dulk : relaxing,1
a google user : relaxing,1
anis abboud : smooth,1
tiger d : incredible,1
jack fenner : cool,1
robert santoso : addictive,1
yudhynov ndesainstudio : relaxing,1
omar r jones : cool,1
mastan vali shaik : relaxing,1
andre ace : cool,1
karachifrog : cool,1
shuvo khan : after reinstalling the game i was forced to complete tutorial and afterwards when i signed in with google play account my old achievements are lost. my earned achievements are shown in google play.,0
icy king : title.,1
jelly peanut butter : cool,1
bhanu yadav : beautiful and beautiful,1
venkatarao u : don't play it,1
a google user : what an experience!!,1
slurpd : won't load,1
bharath kumar : thank you..,1
t m t : you will make this game down with this commercials,1
red-beard_55 5 : fix blockheads!!!,1
durk fend : uninstalled the game for a while. upon reinstalling & entering my google play account info my progress still didn't update. ps help me fix this. my achievements are still in my google play games profile,0
gerson m. : very adictive,1
l v : just for music,1
del nair : must download,1
rasheed shehadeh : class game,1
han park : hard controlling,1
gelo ruanto : this is called simplicity,1
paul murphy : high,1
m i : gotta try it,1
alfred mutua : the game,1
akash dalvi : asom game,1
bobby o'leary : very bueno,1
noah austin jayson : i hearted it,1
diptesh bose : sothing!!!,1
mounir abdou : omg incradible,1
prashant yadav : looking for this,1
md shah faishal khan : my game progress associated with my google account is not resuming after login into google play account inside the game. why this is happening? i tried start-restart the game but it never resumes the progress. i have played upto level 39 or so. but now logging with same google account won't allow me to resume from my last progress. solve it please.,0
a google user : had to wipe my phone. now i don't have the wing doubler and there's no way to restore the purchase. also,0
a google user : really like the game and the fact that it's an endless runner,1
charis tam : it's really hard to find a game like this. the scenery is breathtaking as well as the calm music. zen mode has also allowed to to relieve stress. although this isn't one of those exciting games,1
james kay : love this game. one of my all time favourites on android. the design is gorgeous and the game easy to pick up,1
sarah nasrullah : this game is honestly one of the most stunning things i have ever seen and i am so happy it exists. thank you to all the wonderful humans who made this,1
a google user : i've enjoyed alto's adventures since many months now and i've finished it long ago. to enjoy the challenges again,1
astrad the cynic : the game ran beautifully until the last update. the game has started to lagging,0
vulpes vulpes : you can tell immediately that this game has been made with the most passionate intentions. it is beautifully presented and thought out. the landscape,1
spaghetti cat : the scenery is absolutely breathtaking,1
gabriel shepard : this game is a simple to play but difficult to master. it is a snowboarding/skiing downhill points grab game. the music is soothing but the play can be frustrating. but don't get me wrong,1
narissa gallant : with every new update it keeps getting worse. the screen will lag and i'll die as a result. the videos never load and error screens pop up during play. the night is too dark and rocks are sometimes impossible to dodge. the wingsuit doesn't work and getting enough points for it is impossible now. it's so hard to get more than 20 coins in a level. the level goals are too hard to reach considering all the problems. all these 5 star reviews are suspicious.,0
clare cashen : i've noticed two errors. the first is "unfortunately,1
mark ruggles : i can count on one hand the number of reviews that i've ever written for an app and i don't think any of them were for a game. however,1
a google user : this game is awesome. it's a great time waster,1
kshiteej : from the moment i saw zen mode,1
dy mo : while oxymoronic to say,1
the excruciator : it's a great game for procrastinating but i got so addicted to it that i pretty much play this game all day. this mobile game is better than many pc/console games. it is also not very challenging,1
jynx itari : so,1
0v3rl0rd : just a great game overall. really fun and soothing at times and the gameplay is just so smooth. the goals are challenging,1
lisa w : the game is great...beautiful graphics...but i hate when i he the option to view a video to continue my run,1
dhruov bhatia : the mechanics are simple and the characters are reasonably diverse. gameplay is smooth and consistent; no frame rate or performance issues and the physics work fine. the soundtrack is good albeit simple and matches the atmosphere. there are no heavy,1
daniel rogers : the premise of this game is to collect coins using your character. and get speed boosts by landing tricks. the rate at which you collect coins is abysmally low to the amount of coins it takes to buy an upgrade to the terribly useless power ups. the magnet has been wasted many times by no coins being present while it was active,0
aliyah jubilee : i downloaded this game thinking "oh its gonna be one of those stupid games" but no its really fun and easy once you get the hang of it. i haven't found a game quite like this one.the graphics are great and the game is really smooth to play. no bugs yet.,1
sayyid hakam : this game is really simple,1
karla bergado : this game is by far my favourite at the moment! the graphics are really great. 2d yet simple but sophisticated. the soundtrack is so peaceful and calming especially during zen mode. it's great to play on zen if you're stressed and you're just finding a short while to relax. the overall game is cheerful and fun,1
herman polloni : i love this game,1
r alvarez : i love the graphics. sound effects are great too... especially the rain which doesn't seem to last long enough. after watching a video or crashing sometimes the game will lock and tge character will not be able to jump,0
naman arusia : yes. you've heard it all. you've seen it before. journey,1
john sedrak : this is hands down the most beautiful game i've ever played. the atmosphere is perfect and the rain makes it even better. its great for those days where you just wanna play something casual and calming while thinking about whatever's been on your mind lately,0
robert berezovski : a great addictive game but there are a few glitches though. sometimes the game doesn't sense any touch for some reason. also if you get a higher upgraded llama horn the screen has a sorta spasm due to some many llamas. not necessarily game breaking except for the no tap sense which should be fixed,0
chris ng : alto's adventure is truly a piece of art. from the artwork-like graphics to the impeccable sound design,0
benjamin biddle : hey guys love the game. it plays really well but i feel like it need a few tweaks when it comes to second chances and also double and triple backflips. firstly i think when you take damage and you try again you should have a second of invincibility because ive had moments when i would respawn and hit a rock without the slightest chance of avoiding it. think of it like the way sonic takes damage when u get a slight chance to grab coins before you actually die. also i think that when you do a double or triple,0
daniel monch : yes,1
natalie patalie : i came back to this game years later after its initial release. i am glad,1
to declare that alto's adventure is the single best free-to-play mobile,1
game to have ever existed. thank you team alto for this gorgeous,1
masterpiece,1
ahmed tharwat : but it can be in the update that you add some adjustments in the music .. for these peoples ,0
kunal halder : amazing background music nd weather changing graphics...interest grows more with new surprises during the game...must try once,1
rice ! 2.0 : this game has an amazing art design,1
sage the prestigious : this is a wonderful game! the characters each have different abilities and techniques and the scenery is gorgeous! the game is so great,1
rabia akram : to be very frank,1
christopher john munar : the game had a very wonderfull graphics paired with awesome gamplay with the help of relaxing music.. can't let off the game until you are forced to close the game due to chores need to accomplish at home.. very wonderful game must try to prove that this game kicked other leading games!!! warning!! do your chores first at home to avoid being scolded by your parents,1
gabrielle kansay : it's really just what anyone needs to escape the typically cliche race games. good way to kill time while working on something.,1
cristian perez : playing this app is relaxing,1
sandra dahouk : it gets to a point where it crashes my phone after a few dats. this hapens every single time i install. then i have to uninstall it. then i miss it so i redownload it. please fix it,0
muninn aesir : i must be the worst player of this game. i am watching more videos than playing this dumb game. - replied via my so's phone.,1
sam lines : this game was so refreshing and new,1
nick jones : words can't describe how lovely this game is.. so chilling and the zen mode sums it all up,1
naresh d : no words to describe it's passion in beauty in evary frame.i can feel,1
relief & totally a peaceful game.must playable game for nature lovers.,1
matyas gyuricza : what i love about this game is that it knows its platform. it doesn't try and be a tuned down console game which often goes wrong (not asphalt 8). its just a simple,1
mark wilson : so simple yet so addictive. the randomization of the course each time through keeps you on your toes and keeps the game interesting.,1
a google user : soothing and fun. just lost myself in it. developers should get a big hug. no pressure to buy with real cash too. no bugs. extraordinary!,1
zong hua : concept of the game is extremely simple to understand and gives a full tutorial beforehand. what amazes me is the amazing graphics,1
erica iraheta : the art style is amazing,1
amir firdaus : it's a simple game that everyone could've done. but not everyone can make it as enjoyable as this. the scenery is so beautiful,1
james woods : great graphics very fun and challenging game. wish there were more levels. beaten the game twice. that's the only thing i would change with it.,1
shubham gupta : and yes the watch a video button doesnt work,1
balance luck : and then zen mode came out. i could finally play with my favorite character again,1
yanelis melendez : probably one of the best games i've gotten in a long long time. i adore the visuals,1
satyam : i used to play it on my old phone and i signed in through that phone. few days back i brought a new phone and when i tried to sync back it aint happening. it feels so bad. i want my data back.,0
elizabeth batrez : the animation is so beautiful! you see the sun and moon rise,1
hammersmashedtaco : there's not really anything i can bad mouth about this game,1
tayl0rd 06 : i'm blown away by how this game looks,1
pati burn : love it. i especially enjoy zen mode. just put on my headphone and play while listening to amazingly calming music.,1
manoj singh : one of the best mobil game i have played and every time it keeps supering me with different level changes.,1
vaibhav khisti : ohhh,1
gibryon bhojraj : the game is amazing and relaxing. i just found zen mode,1
hemant jangir : ever since i crossed level 50 it's become buggy.. even slow responding at times .. maybe you guys should look at your bug repays once in a while,0
ashley hite : it will not allow me to revive. i just have to keep starting over. not happy about the bugs.,0
khaled ahmed : there is a problem in the screen turns off when you do not touch it ,0
usman ahmed : it's both challenging and relaxing,1
afnan plays : this game has an absolutely beautiful graphics,1
eric s : the graphics are gorgeous but very simple,1
neil tiffany : it's a fun game,1
crystal suen : fun and really calms me. it's a challenge but not impossible,1
edward coker : if you love to sit down and stare at your phone and play a fun time wasting game then install this because if you are on the bus or train or at an awkward event then this is the best way to block the world out and just loose yourself in the great music and art style of the game. if you use headphones then you will end up stopping playing just to listen to the amazing soundtrack,0
alisher shaiken : dear development team,1
sandip mahat : i like the sound and graphics of the game.,1
sumit naiya : most unique game i've ever seen. the music is background which keep me in relaxing mood & snowboarding is really adventurous,1
hannah wosu : great graphics relaxing peaceful. if youre one of those peaceful quiet gamers this is for you. its so mystical and beautiful. i love it addicting. i have it on my xbox and my lg tablet.,1
mustafa hashem : the graphics the environment the music is so beautiful i wish there is more than five stars to give,1
t f : looks like it was inspired by journey. gorgeous and fun. i just wish they'd add skip-ads item in the shop. (i really hate having to look at other ugly games),1
justin richards : awesome. has kept me playing for several weeks,1
a s k : the graphics are amazing,1
a google user : great graphics with soothing music. it gets boring after sometime but still it feels great to listen some cool music while playing.,0
bryan suandoko : i love the art,1
anna lewis : a lovely game,1
ahmad alshami : i have been playing it for a couple of months... really hope there were more challenges,1
steve janicek : for some reason,1
luiz valerio neto : just another beautiful piece of art. and not only with great graphics and sound effects / tracks but with great balanced challenges too. definitely recommend.,0
abdul-quddus : this is an amazing peaceful fun game it's so addictive and i'm telling all my family and friends about it,1
ravish kalra : i don't know how but i have negative currency in the game and not able to log in to google or any other social media to back up.my progress :(,0
jei gutierrez : after reinstalling this game,1
the great bergamo : this game is amazing. reminds me of ssx because of how chill and relaxing the game can be. even when i have goals i'm still just relaxes and flipping through the sky.,0
thevilesaint : a beautifully made skill game that can keep you occupied for longer than you might initially anticipate. the art style is phenomenon,1
lenny : i love it because the look of the game is very much like my style of drawing. also it's so calming it's great for if ure having a bad day because u can put it in zen mode and just play.,0
desislav lesov : i've owned my nvidia shield for a good while now and there has not been a game on it that i've enjoyed more than this. highly recommended!,1
kathamrita banik : what's the use of signing in the account,1
fachrizal reza adriansyah : the gameplay is simple,1
may h. : this has to be the most beautiful game i've ever played. beautiful graphics and music. even better when played in zen mode i love it,1
connor morris : like the game - journey for your mobile. truly gorgeous,1
mboffy : i don't usually write reviews but this game is worth every word,1
someone whocares : it is amazing. it's calming and addictive. i can't keep a game on my phone longer than a couple of days but i keep coming back to this one.,0
rupak saha : it's like a dream land.specially zen mode music & weather changes,1
anshuman rathee : after re-installung the game my previous progress didjt show up even after login. in google play games all my progress is shown. now i have to start again,0
joe greer : this is probably one of the best games i've ever played in this genre. i found myself playing it in a hospital waiting room and i haven't stopped since.,1
eclecticone : this game is a great way to unwind. the zen-like music combined with the smooth game play and minimalist game interface make it a true pleasure. it's a keeper.,1
jaydip chanda : i is a great game to me. it's character,1
logan p : this game is absolutely stunning,1
fart storm : so much fun but sometimes after reviving,1
a google user : and thanks to the musicians and music composer. helps me to release tensions...,1
alexander wong : i rarely rate games but i want to support them and pay the devs for making this incredibly refined,1
razi gandhi : i didnt like this game it not adventure it should be like treasure found racing and all these kind of things,1
warhead alchemist : this game is so relaxing to play,1
ruan moolman : it's good and beautiful. one thing i'd like was of you could flip the game horizontally,1
amardeep mohanty : there are some rare android games that blow my mind,1
mohammad basil : non of the other games have such a lovely music. and this game is so interesting,1
rob : really like this game,1
alice w : go down 2d hill,1
pawan h : it adds much more to aesthetics of gaming via freeplay filled with endless mountains. thank you noodlecake for thoughtfully developing this game.one of the best.,1
jonathan matignas : lovely visuals with beautiful music. this game can be challenging but it's main draw for me it's wonderful soundtrack.,1
nithin s : the music & the gameplay makes us involve to the game. pls share me the bgm sounds of alto's adventure if anyone have. the app need to improve in taking screenshot that it storing only one by replacing the older one.,1
trey vlogs : dieing 247 because i can't jump over rocks,1
tuga gamer : light and beautiful graphics,1
jason macquarrie : great game,1
matei mihail : this is one of the best indie games i've ever played. very relaxing and i like that they added zen mode. nice graphics and gameplay. it deserves more than 5 stars :d,1
v t : adds pop up in the middle of the game and the game play continues in the background. if it wasn't for this it'd be five stars,1
matthew koen : this game is by far the most relaxing and exiting game i have ever played,1
ayan alam : once i played i felt it's four star but then i wanted to play more and more best game ever made,1
colin : you realy are missing out if you dont play this,1
bsgold : i mean it,1
sequoyah h. : this game is one of the best games i have ever played and i would recommend it to all of my friends and you!,1
nathan tj : i have a suggestion. i think it would be really cool if you added some sort of race mode to race down the hill (computers and/or online multiplayer). thank you for reading.,1
blakwoodz : this game s so beautiful and music s so good. the best you can get,1
robin rahman : the games incredible,1
jake : i found it on a phone at a verizon store while i was waiting i tried it and it was amazing,1
dun kanbee : nice graphics and music. keeps you hooked to try one more run although after a while it becomes prety hard to proceed,1
eyadisho kahawaki : this game is soooo beautiful,1
rio s : one of the best games i've had the pleasure to play. normally i get bored with mobile games after sometime,1
ahmad abdallah : absolutely stunning,1
teresa marin : alto's adventure is an awesome game from it's precise controls(alto's backflip is like sonic homing attack with a twist),1
rishi kumar : app need to prevent screen from timeout on next update! that's all i need then all the remaining stars. :),1
a google user : simple and beautiful at the same time. love the changing background and weather. lots of stuttering and some lag on a nexus 9 though.,1
convict gaming : this game is a rip off of ski safari i suggest for most of you to play ski safari then this,1
gavin clark : great time killer,1
george daly : this game is extremely well made. normal mode is a fun way to spend your time and zen mode is a brilliant idea added to an already great game which helps u improve and practice without worrying about playing well.,1
visenya ackerman : playing this game in zen mode with headphones on is so soothing such relaxing music and amazing graphics. beautiful concept.,1
alberto rodriguez : fantastic game & a stress reliever. zen mode update has excellent,0
as tech : on my previous device i played till a very high level of level 40 and it was connected to my google play games account and then i brought a new device and when i connected the game though google play games account on my new device i got no backup and again i started from the beginning,1
justin white : i can't find any way to get past the chasm jump in the tutorial which means i can't play the game. no matter i do i always come up short on my jump.,1
rowan oak : great time killer,1
golden fern : i can't see the rocks or the trees or the ramps.,1
lucas magno : this is a really simple but awesome game. despite having only one button it is challenging to master. and,1
grace williams : all the graphics in any other app i've ever used are pale in comparison to these. it's mood-setting and beautiful. fun game,1
jr liebelt : super fun and beautiful music. does the zen music make anyone else a little emotional,1
jakob crawford : stunning game. zen mode is a great addition for those who just want to tune out and enjoy the game.,1
vivek patwardhan : who want 3d graphics crunching games on phone. this game delivers best 2.5d experience. just tap tap and tap. lesser controls to play and more adventure. 5 stars are obvious. btw. there is noodles in my cake and cake in my noodles. haha.,0
ruben ortiz : its so addictive,1
pavel maly : finaly a nonviolent game this is an awesome atmospheric game with amazing music. the world needs more of these,1
shah b.s : what i miss is a boost button for jumping over the chasm. love this game,1
laura tothova : beautiful and simple,1
stronxyo : great art,1
christian daniel : great music,1
petros mariolopoulos : this game is awesome...truly relaxing and stimulating simultaneously!! the only thing it needs fixing is the responsiveness of some keys (mostly off game). download it nevertheless,1
rkiv : this is one of the most relaxing experiances i've ever had. the zen mode is right on.,1
ritu singhai : one of the best games i have ever played. it is just an amazing piece of background music,1
sara na : it combines adventure and relaxation in a very beautiful way,1
charissa gabrielle : i did not expect to enjoy it as much as i did. the offline zen mode really helped whenever i feel overwhelmed in public.,1
rohan nair : a few glitches here and there but excellent nonetheless.,1
larry fong : a fun and addictive game where i can play whenever i'm bored,1
emmaline dindial : this game is amazing! it's so addictive and i love it. its a real loss if you don't have this game,1
busy dad living : i thought the endless runner genre had been done to death,1
jaimee dragion : the graphic are so beautiful and even with minor glitches its still looks and works beautifully and i can't put the phone down.,1
hussam eddine touffahi : wen i play this game is feel so good ,1
kevin coronado : fun and consistent,1
aled davies : there is a visual bug with the llama horn and fires. if you have a stampede active and go by a fire,0
kishan koradiya : beautiful game. stunning visuals. great gameplay. serene and calm music,1
taehyung's mullet supremacist : i love how there is a zen mode. it's definitely one of the better games on play store.,1
lumen gg : best game i've ever played. need more improvement for in-game mission,1
dmitri vassiliev : so fun and beautiful. towards the last few levels it takes a bit of time to complete each challenge.,1
big floppa : beautiful music. good graphics. and the sounds were so realistic i thought the lightning was real,1
arihant jain : wow..this is really awesome. too relaxing music and very good graphics. thanks alto!,1
anand rajalbandi : zen mode plugged with earphones makes me forget the world. and the music,1
yndigen : the soundtrack is so good,1
manish kehr : so easy to play. smooth. great graphics. and has you hooked from the word go. a worthy download.,1
kishor kumar : mild and relaxing to relieve from stress,1
russel llabores : this game makes me miss someone who doesn't even exist; makes me miss places i've never been to. makes me miss skyrim. maybe because of the snow?,1
anta : as a graphic designer,1
joshua lim : recently there was a lag esp when the llama horn power up is in play. my whole screen will go bonkus for a few seconds. do fix it! thanks :),0
clint nichols : tapping to continue does not work well,0
ravi tej kancherla : amazing visuals and incredibly good music makes it a favorite. the zen mode is the icing on the mountain.!!,1
evanz tampubolon : for development,1
steve r : played it for hours on end. there's really few things wrong with it.,1
scott mckay : not very original. graphics are pretty though.,1
stacy trinh swanson : this is the cutest,1
cassie nicole : the game looks fun but for whatever reason i can't get across the chasm in the tutorial..,1
ishan mota : great graphics.. addictive..lags sometimes..does not collect coins even when u go over them in higher levels..,0
k whi : i normally hate games like these but this one is seriously awesome,1
saad malaeb : its such a smooth game,1
kma alath : i love the way how the place changes from night to day as your playing and the smooth controls plus movement,1
hellen masido : i loooooove this game. close to unlocking all characters but i'll still keep it for the zen mode music. just amazing!,1
kayla : this game is stunning,1
ege : i have never seen such a beautiful game like this. whenever i have anxiety attacks i just play this game and it calms me more than anything i tried. thank you for this masterpiece. i am in love with every part of it.,1
jeff stewart : this is actually really fun. like the fact that i can watch an add to continue instead of paying coins.,1
matheus b : when i'm not connected to wifi the screen does not load completely,0
angelee christine nelson : it's so peaceful if your trying to relax but your to hyper i recommend this game,1
posty : this game is visually stunning,1
kevin malfant : good visial design. love the gameplay and zen mode so you can just relax and enjoy the visials.,1
justashortgiant : the game is amazing and addicting. love the background for the regular mode and the zen mode. this game is perfect for any age.,1
balaji muthu : feel like i m in snow while playing.. al credits should go to designer of the game,1
a google user : plz add some more challanges to the game. its such a soothing game that i,1
am downloading it in my 3rd mobile...,1
mizaac bertwell : not much to say littery the best phone game i have ever played,1
evan shropshire : very well made no bugs or glitches music blends well with gameplay and graphics and intro animation are fantastic for this storyline not to mention the soothing music for zen mode overall great game and for noodlecakes next game i expect nothing less,1
domain united : this game is beautiful with a wonderful musical atmosphere. it takes the usual sidescrolling endless runner to a new level.,1
daisy merolin : in my opinion this is one of the best looking games ever,1
puna xaypanya : this game is super addictive. the artwork and graphics are magnificent. gameplay is easy,1
eric dyke : this game is magical. i love the color palette and the music. i love how simple it is yet provides so much entertainment.,1
hussein horack : great game,1
expert gamer : it's a big game and needs an update like more characters and more workshop items,1
isaac joshi : this game has really peaceful and enjoyable graphics and musics. the gameplay is exactly what you would hope for in this type of game.,1
lukas : great graphics,1
tyme night : absolutely gorgeous game. the gameplay is smooth and flawless,1
50_billion_people : hi the game keeps crashing after trying to sign in to google,0
salem kazi : big shout to developers for making a zen mode! absolutely love it!,1
renee beckford : i cant put this game down after playing it once its such a great game,1
oki nurkholis : nica graphic with addictive challenges. really love this game.,1
abhishekdeep : one who try to meditate on oneself and want to forget about the world then one must try it...... love it like it and enjoy it,1
shiva j : good graphics. not very interesting or exciting,1
yusuf andrian : (addition: the new zen mode is great,1
drew davis : loved the simplicity of the game play as well as the look of the game. the music just tops it all off.,1
mostafa abd elaziz : this game describes the version reality of the storygame;it has all the required graphics and options,1
yoshi itto : this is very good game with nice graphic and music. but this is not my kind of game. i'm getting borred after a few rounds playing this game...,1
farax k : you get a really nice feeling when you play this... this makes me cry sometimes .,1
wolf hart : this game is the best phone game i have ever played,1
kristen heart : i love everything in it. its amazing. i would rather say dat altos adventure plus my adventure too. love it!!,1
hadas yefet : zen mode. like i needed it but didnt know how to describe it.,1
viknesh uthayakumar : all i have to say is dont bother playing the main game just play zen mode and let it happen so beutiful and i cant express how much i love this game.,1
dhrubajeet deka : the best game i've ever played on mobile. period. nothing even comes close to it. the music in this game is so soothing. the devs have really put in a lot of effort to make this game as pleasant an experience as possible. been playing this one and the sequel for well over two years now (i guess) and still enjoy it. and did i mention about the music? oh. great job,1
aaron refugio : graphics,1
claustofobia : the graphics,1
larry shulman : the only problem is the time it took to loads up,1
mohit gupta : i love the game but my progress has been lost suddenly and there is no way i want to start it all over again. what should i do ?,0
destiny frye : i'm so invested in this little dudes llama catching adventure! the music is amazing,1
aviationgaming /// ifag : this game have some cool animation and quality if your using samsung download now,1
zune - : too good to be true this is how you calm yourself from stress,1
sushan sudev : a very good pass time with very pretty visuals and background. a peaceful and serene game. a feeling of calm.,1
bucktooth1337 : the game overall is a great experiance graphically. but really thats the only thing good about it. the game gets quiet boring after a while as the challenges and gameplay is repetitive and overall the physics are really inacurate.,1
william kiahon ii : i like this game. the simple graphics make it pleasing to the eye and one touch controls make it simple to play,1
yuli popov : would also be cool if you could make a windows 8 and 7 version for pc,1
a google user : i've noticed huge interface lag. whenever i try to tap a "button" like "end run" or "play again"... any button actually. i have to tap multiple times before game catches on. it is really annoying. other than that great game.,0
ryan s. : loved this game. smooth and aesthetically pleasing,1
stif singh : the music of the skate ,1
c li : simple and fun game,1
shubham nawani : this game is how games should made,1
piyush maheshwari : a peaceful game. you can actually feel yourself inside the game hovering!!!,1
sophie vun : this is so cool! i love the soundtrack,1
manoj kumar : and the background music is so magical.i lost my self for a moment.,1
tayvon toney : so fun never thought a skiing game could be so fun and addictive.,1
adam : ...there's a tiny issue in menus,1
khany556 : my phone only heats up this much when my camera is on... continuously.,1
razin nazri : this game can release my stress...and also can relaxing my mind...good music and background...you deserve a 5 stars,1
benjamin duvivier : peaceful game and yet with some challenges :).,1
a google user : it'd be awesome if the llamas chased you with rifles noodle heads!,1
iskandar zulkarnain : the background is so pretty and the music is relaxing. enjoyable to play.,1
ramit mitra : loving the attention to detail and the design and art of this app is inspirational. great job guys ! thanks and special thanks for keeping it free.,1
amabel duffy : this game is totally addictive,1
imakicker : great game try out the endless mode,1
betty beckman : the first time i played this on a tablet at sams club i loved it.it was amazing!,1
ankit patel : one of the best looking games in a long time,1
arun mulloth : this game has grown on me!,1
freddy demian : this game is exeptional ,1
vishal mullur : love the music and the time change. looks especially amazing when its night.,1
mari anwar : this game is so relaxing,1
himanshu panwar : game is really amazing. simple minimilistic graphics and great sound. especially the zen mode is great. headphones enhance the gameplay.,1
samuel jorge : this is one of my favorite games because it is so clean and crisp.,1
masterghost : the settings section dosent show up.,1
robert constantin : one of the few games that kept me close to the phone for days. inspired by monument valley and others. great job !!! zen mode is like a mind reader idea. noodlecacke congrats !!!,0
khalifa yahiaoui : this is the type of game i really love. simple. no strategy. just speed and run. great work founders!,1
tyler woodard : this game is great! not to hard to level up to unlock the next riders.,1
we cats don't need names for we know who we are : i absolutely love this game,1
josh le roux : just finished. so sad,1
ben clough : this is one helluva game. top notch!,1
anita verma : graphics are too real,1
hardipinder singh : zen mode just makes the game complete. loved it. great job developers,1
nhung bui : the music is brilliant,1
rajesh r : awesome bgm,1
ibotombi wahengbam : can put more characters and put more gadgets like the wingsuit....,1
aryama chatterjee : no comments its just toooooo good,1
jennifer tran : smooth control and love the zen mode,1
sri sai sathvik kadimisetty : great graphics but cannot give five stars because it lags somewhat in 1 gb ram phones,0
a google user : great design,1
nezz irwandy : this game is seriously annoying addictive!!! everything is perfect. super love the zen mode!!!!,1
debojit datta : how can i get my game progress on my android phone from my windows 10 pc..??? please suggest me....,1
tim : great game to play when you need a bit of down time!!,1
lord-ivan acebuche : i am so blown away. the graphics,1
hashim jamil : liked the other players you can unlock. great game.,1
a google user : perfect game,1
sickmmaner : oh with the backflip! the double into grind x10! stick the landing! ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! "clears throat" yes,1
sleer : super well made game that is super fun. i have no complaints,1
davey keh : the music is awesome,1
david strba : really enjoy the progression and game play this game has to offer! great music and graphics!,1
spiderman and flash r life : the games mechanics are just too beautiful the music is too relaxing overall the game is absolutely fantastic !,1
a google user : i really love this game. and since installation i'm playing it for almost everyday.,1
dedi kristian : graphics are so heart-warming and gameplay is user friendly..,1
attie van dev : i can play this for hours. the zen mode is also nice.,1
anderson araujo : a very beautiful and lighthearted game,1
masbha chowdhury : it is fun and simple and the graphics too...it's damn fun to play...love.,1
kelvin mwangi : helps to relax my mind during free time.,1
najeeb abbas : everything is so perfect .. specially music and theme of game ,1
sear ranbow : i just got kill screened and broke the game by going so far :d anyone want to try and beat 289,1
abhishek saral : great graphics and music,1
omar hanif : love it the graphics are nice and the music is nice the game brings peace to my heart,1
bruce hernandez-esparza : definitely recommend this,1
chester : absolutely brilliant,1
sudhakar poojari : graphic rainy is beautiful.,1
jaysean sanchez : i think this game needs more ideas its really good,1
abkrsh : never seen such a beautiful game before. i love this game.,1
adam seage : so chilled out.,1
alamgir alam : the music and zenmode surely brings out yuphoria.,1
xeno moonmist : i love this game graphics it is really awesome great job with the game.,1
kagephenex joestar : we need more games like this! its peaceful and the bgm makes it better!,1
zammar khan : the music by brian crawford and the amazing and beautiful backgrounds. so pure and lovely.,1
jakub zych : true 5/5 game. this is how perfect phone game looks like. thank you,1
aidan : easy to play and understand. graphics are appealing.,1
raul j. mendez : for a smartphone game very very unique the ambient and the details in sound and graphics awesome,1
sumeet dhakal : simple gameplay,1
a google user : nice song. this game should be a award winner. you should download it actually.,1
krabbypattiez : this is a very fun game good graphics love the game,1
radoslav pirgov : cool game,1
kaushik naik : it's a simple game and yet what's the major attraction is the attention to details,1
alchemy123br : this game is just amazing i love the music and the gameplay is so smooth.,1
zeely payton : this game is so cool!! i love the music,1
tariq ahmed khan : the best game ever i have played till now.,1
vishal vish : wow this is the nice game i played ever...it was the great game for who wants to play a snow skating game,1
the electrifying phenom : this game is superb. its graphics are too good!!,1
sridhar rao : one of the best games in android. simple gameplay,1
divvya iyer : it gives a peaceful feeling while playing ,1
jeremy cayandag : i install this game because i play the video and i saw its so cool then i download it..,1
miles johnson : super kool. greatest game ever and i will never stop,1
wilson reyes : the astounding graphics and calling music makes the perfect scene,1
malachi bontrager : this game will forever be amazing to me and a real beauty to just about everyone.,1
athena affan : this game is soothing yet engaging and delightful to play!,1
rachel usher : i love this app,1
anisul haque : it's great. totally loved it . playing for 6 months and never getting bored.,1
lucian spice : this is the most coolest game to play....relaxing,1
jefferson lagran : this game is awesome,1
anvesh gr : such a lovely game...with melodious music !,1
violet moon : great game and zen mode is awesome,1
dhruv venkat : love the game ,1
botter : a great game that involves a lot of adventure and tricks. this is very addictive.,1
pablo pelcastre : zen mode is really relaxing this game is one magnificent masterpiece.,1
drip ray : i like it the misic the scenery everything,1
saurabh banerjee : beautiful scenery gives a very soothing feel,1
nathan : looks good and is a fun game to play,1
rodin rodriguez : this is an awesome game to be challenged and relax at the same time hahaha,1
iqbal alamsyah : this kind of game that i can give recommendation,1
libby ward : i love this game so much also the graphics and the game is so much fun!,1
miss ing : i want to like a video mode and i can rate 5 stars,1
a google user : one of best game on play store with amazing 2d graphics,1
serma murmu : easy to control and various modes excellent time killer and awesome music,1
king taurus : this should be android game of the year fun and relaxing,1
dilip dighe : it give me the statement that we should fall and get up,1
colton hilton : very,1
tekashi 6ix 9ine : i found this game to be unbelieveabley great awesome story line,1
dania rayan : this is the best game ever i have in my phone,1
m s vishnu : quite a relaxing game. and addictive too.. graphics is great.!,1
victor m. saa : i really liked it. great game.,1
sunil dutt jhingan : 1 of d best game i have ever seen.great job snowman !!!,1
b. imad : great game but why no cloud saving? i hate not having my stuff when i play in my other devices,1
bob flecherd : great game,1
adrian sanchez : beautiful. that's all that is needed to describe this game.,1
devashish khanayat : gameplay is wonderful,1
eslam nsr : incredible sound tracks,1
nathan : only problem is that redownloaded the game and cant find an option to regain my progress,1
tihami shaikh : this is the best game i have played on android till now!,1
quinn cameron : it is the best game ever loved it! smashing quality,1
sudhir kumar : superb graphics and day-night features too awesome.,1
vishal sarade : lovely music! nice gameplay! just superb,1
sipun dash : awesome graphics and sound quality with a nice theme....,1
cory geith : smooth game play,1
emir jan mateo : after reinstalling,1
thomas youe : my uncle recommended it to me! the rest is history!,1
ed epaud : i said all in the tittle (;,1
angie : who doesn't love snowboarding,1
fathya rachmani : this game is awesome,1
alexa alexandru : i like the zen mode,1
ransom kumar : easy to play and great pastime .love the art style,1
z gamer : can you add cooperative mode in this game....looking forward,1
raven thunderclaw : really addictive gameplay with stunning visuals.,1
chennakeshav shenoy : enjoyable game that immerses you into something quaint yet thrilling,1
mello mel : this game will have you stuck for hours,1
sudhanshu pandoh : i really love the music,1
abhik srivastava : the music is so vivid and very very awesome... i loved the music and the game is very good...,1
anthony bachmeier : there are many versions of this game. nothing new.,1
zak stewart : just plain beautiful. best with headphones.,1
op immortal yt : this is wonderful game . i like to play this everyday.,1
cyriac princeton : the bugs are gone(i think),1
anush shetty : best game to relax an beautiful music,1
jose rappai : its give me a feel of nature in the game,1
leothessj 20026 : took of my data when i got a new phone can you fix it my phone is a samsung galaxy 3,0
tim oborn : both relaxing and fun. get it.,1
mert baran : it's calm and challenging at the same time!,1
jennifer stewart : great graphics and story. kid sized fun for adults.,1
mayo : love the implementation of zen mode. great job.,1
dharmendra das : the gameplay is very good,1
sheeba abhilash : best game but if the graphics was more good it would have been awesome,1
i i : love the atmosphere,1
asif khan : its game play is relaxing..when i play it i feel it..the graphics ,1
wilson neo : beautiful graphics,1
himes : best gaming experience. 5 stars.,1
akos melczer : this game is amazingly fun to play.,1
braedon salz : chill laid back free running. love it.,1
felix tamil gamer : the music was awesome this is my best game ever!!!,1
mark heisler : easily one of the best games out there..relaxing and challenging,1
xochipilli vera : your a snowboarder trying to catch llamas some glitches but a great overall game would be 5 stars if no glitches were present,1
kate morris : love it,1
diego cortez : excellent game,1
bhushan gudmeti : awesome cool music in zen mode,1
rashik ahmed : this is one of the best relaxing peaceful game ever!!! highly recommended!,1
rinzin dorjee : this game is a real beauty.,1
theo frink : to reduce stress it's good,1
iceheydon : very good fun game with great graphics,1
sheikh joy : the gameplay..soundtrack.graphics...everything is awesome in this game..,1
j. hill : great time killer! excellent graphics! i like it!,1
shiva kinker mishra : so soothing game with beautiful music.,1
prashant kumar : the best relaxing game ever made for humans.,1
tan wolf : i love the zen mode.. totally relaxing and calm,1
shikhar gupta : great graphics,1
samuel w mugo : really good game with awesome quality and clarity.,1
brice lesmeister : best game i ever played #best addictive game,1
danian r : love this game,1
judy : great gameplay and design,1
dav fin : the icon doesnt make sense cause the game is going to the right so why is he doing a front flip where if he landed he would be going back wards,1
a google user : the graphics are really nice,1
angel nimako : best game and will do anything to get it,1
henry pendley : i love this game and would like to download the soundtrack,1
rayona mims : love this game helps me relax and unwind,1
nolan mceachern : it the best game i have it awesome,1
sandeep nag : nice game a great time killer,1
sally lowery : this is the best game ever on the android phone,1
von casero : simple yet elegant. superb. great works.,1
dheeraj sudhakar : beautiful visuals,1
brenda carmichael : i love this game 4 stars,1
paul gasteiger : simple but edicting,1
deepansh arora : great game with some cool details and graphics just gorgeous !!!!,1
shaun anthony : great game... but somehow i can't retrieve my old account,1
papoo : whenever you play this game your mind is relaxing,1
kalib strickland : omgs so beautiful beautiful and amazing,1
muhammad abrar : just how a mobile game should be... in my opinion of course.,1
shoeb khan : most adventurous game i've ever played,1
allie enriquez : great music. very calming and peaceful.,1
vasu devan : it's absoluty perfect game for mind relax,1
zi woazaski : most amazing experience of endless.,1
denok anindya : beautifully relaxing yet so entertaining. good job,1
taposh roy : beautiful game awesome graphics nice game play,1
ahmed core prime : what a amazing game tnx for don't selling ads,1
lucidoreo : good game,1
muhammad haickal : the game makes me feel relax :),1
arthur .e : great game,1
james : super fun and addictive. 5 stars,1
carlos palacios : you can't ask for more,1
bhaskar shekhar : beautiful game,1
v. varela : super smooth gameplay big fan,1
summer reyes : i love this game i find it relaxing and calm,1
a google user : great game,1
jaitly family : deserving of the editors choice.... it somehow make you pumped up... and sooth you as well....,1
adrian kurniawan : we need to funding more this kind of game,1
archana patel : i can not see video on the game,1
moin moti : the soothing effect of zen mode is outstanding,1
austin george : beautiful graphics and inspiring music. good game.,1
caleb powers : it's a good and relaxing game,1
rixtus kusuma : so satisfying and amazing graphic,1
king mata : great game nice nd simple,1
dr. nikhil : soothing soundtrack and eyepleasing graphics,1
danish jalbani : amazing most outstanding experience,1
sandhya mishra : the graphics are boss,1
shishir bindu : the mind blowing game just became mind healing.,1
mithlesh jain : great game with superb graphics,1
tanwisha : loved it. the music,1
robbie lafont : amazing graphics hopefully a 2nd is on its way!!!,1
hari b : beautiful and serene,1
shibanti banerjee : surreal.absolutely fantastic.a definite mood uplifter.kudos to the makers.,1
a google user : i love it. awesome graphics. play and enjoy.. :-d,1
lukas egeling : i'm running android ice cream sandwich (4.0.4),1
king kids : can't get past stupid chasm,1
stephanie richards : fun game and amazing graphics!,1
andrew rizko : this game is very fun. i love the awesome graphics. nice for a free app! five stars! also,1
op oh d king : such a great game!,1
maciej jagieo : awesome graphics,1
kunal verma : u ll love this game,1
abdulmonem al-dubaisi : relaxing and challenging. the music is wonderful.,1
kristen stewart : it's a must download game.the graphics are just awesome & good gameplay...,1
gerry evans : i've neely completed all of the missons,1
mario axel : the music and graphics is very lit.,1
sabeshan : that's very interesting game good animation,1
muhammad tayyab shafique : "awesome graphics and addicted game ",1
wasteland wanderer : such a relaxing game so peaceful.,1
caleb noble : love it... i find it calming and peaceful. great game!,1
mehmet emin gungor : amazing graphics and relaxing sonds. well done,1
sampada khair : love dis one! soothing colors,1
cbk shuriken : great for playing having a poo,1
maximo del valle : it is just amazing and well designed.,1
lewis phillips : just a beautifully made game.,1
sangita ramugade : awesome game i ever played,1
kamlesh waghule : mind relaxing game with backround sound,1
george gruschow : wonderfully simple yet fun to master,1
chase jeffries : the game looks beautiful,1
sai aditya thummala : nice game with good graphics!,1
guru paty : this is so amazing,1
keshaun jones : this game rock,1
kavin karthik : cool gameplay and music,1
aaryan shenoy : great low poly game,1
shantanu singh : grt graphics and very relaxing music,1
zircon vandi : i l o v e this game its really fun,1
prahlad kunalan : very smooth beautiful game,1
muhammad hammad : this is so relaxing and beautiful,1
haseeb ahmad : i love this game ever,1
ruben rivera : realy cool is realy best app,1
nauman khan : please improve the wing suit,1
vanessa obaseki : it is awesome and so amazing,1
j. knetsch : execelent and amazing graphics,1
justin pfaff : beautifully crafted and super fun,1
reyasath : love it superb game graphics are cool,1
alif tasin : this game is so amazing..beyond expectations.. thanks for making this game ..its super awesome!! *-*,1
predator x : and also watching video sucks. often its says videl player error..!!,0
a google user : one of the best game on platform. challenging,1
chintal patel : uninstalling mainly because mobile is getting heated too much...one plus one,0
danail slavov : you have completed all the goals!,1
haris pm : love it,1
mcgee : i'd like there to be more updates for new characters and scenery,1
sahil sharma : amaze to play this game.,1
loc bao : i play this game on samsung note 4. sometime touch on screen charater is not jump!,0
vicky verma : game play very smoothly ... and i love this game background music...,1
jaymin zala : superb background scenario from sunrise to sunset... with melody music... awesome...,1
jakob rothoff : beautiful,1
emmanuel abreu : i absolutely love this game. music,1
isaac mabry : great game,1
shoaib muhammad : i really love this game,1
spencer rice : its just so calming,0
lucas mantovani : great game,1
eva flores : i love this game! it's so addicting.,1
tito rat : wooooooooow love it so much,1
ilya dv : highly beautiful game.,1
anil thomas : really addictive game.,1
joshua peacock : from the soundtrack to the artwork & animations... just everything.,1
gaurav sharma : beautiful n simple but still addictive game.. loved it..,1
kemo ashraf : i need to create a fav apps playlist,0
shervin medone : very very great game.....when u start playing u will love it...,1
sohom das : coolest game ever... a great experience. awesome graphics.. love it,1
karan singh : really love this game ..guys download and enjoy ...,1
amruta bhoi : don't install it,1
tarmizi ahmad : kill the times with this simple game....,1
yosea eldwin : good game but why my phone always very hot when playing this game? even when i turn airplane mode???? fyi im using oneplus one,0
kabbo liate : i love the graphic :),1
mahitha surendran : great game...loved it,1
sisthesinister : i find this app in powermac. i saw it was not free. but it is here in android! just like pou!!,1
ndumixo : it's just really really good,1
zion gibson : epic game original concept nice unlockables but maybe llamas should be worth more?,1
vernon groenewald : really a great game.,1
ilham movic : do we need to lose everything when we change phones? sound unfair,1
tanishq : the music is unbeatable,1
suneeth : love u guys its so beautiful game i love it really really much.... its worth an experience.. beautiful tunes scenes,1
thehappyrussianderp 008 : this game is that way that i like it,1
ahmed jaf : worth the time and effort!,1
surjajyoti modak : loved it!,1
sujay s n : good game,1
a viswanath : very easy gameplay and a good adventurous game......,1
roopesh krishnan : super graphics ..,1
michael j. : definitely worth a try!!,1
muhammad iskandar : no words could describe this.....,1
jovanny merancio : played this at the t moble store,1
wayne west : when you watch a video to be revived you can't jump,0
tanpanama aja : foolish game.,1
monica baicu : i just love it!!!! simply and cool ; ),1
emma rogers : amazing app and graphics!!,1
hari ashwin : great graphics!great music! great game!,1
a google user : i played this game for 1yr. +,1
sagar baidyanatham : alto rocks #,1
jennifer alonzo : i love the soothing music and the great graphics!!! over all it is the best game ever!!!!!,1
ethan moffitt : best game ever played!!!,1
tiara rushing : lovee it. it's so beautiful and relaxing wish i could give it 10 stars,1
irfan raieen : not addicted ok,1
ankit prajapati : its so simple and have a great graphics,1
dejan dosenovic : great game!,1
myck lenert : it's one good,1
india : the best game ever!!!,1
omg peeps : before i catch some llamas,1
gurtej singh baidwan : so good... graphics also,1
vania maciel : cool,1
jayash pandey : one hell of a game.. just try it..,1
sharath bhaskar : it's meditation!,1
a google user : insanely addictive!!,1
jay randy : great game.,1
hossein jlv : not bad,1
rahatil ashekin : so soothing,1
hon zach rg : beautiful game. loved it,1
a google user : beautiful and fun game.,1
dandy anggoro : 5 stars for this game,1
dhruv vasisth : great graphics!!,1
muhammad sinan : in this game very excitng,1
rupinder mangotra : its mind relaxing ..,1
jasper cheng : just put your earphones on when playing this game,1
just luqs : why cant i jump,1
danny jelaing : i love this game. .,1
den li : superbly awesome!,1
kenneth wiliams : first and the last period.,1
aravind ar : simply awesome!!!,1
shane anderson : loved it!,1
lehel nagy : greatest!,1
poje poje : very good game,1
khairul nizam : great games n graphics,1
carl adams : lovely looking game,1
faiz rosdi : best snow simulator 2k16,1
lawrence abad : great game for passing the time,1
abhik das : good resting game,1
day dreamz : really fun game,1
yurima miralle : great game so fun,1
ashutosh chhetri : i just love this game,1
kei : nice graphics,1
aryan : this game is so soothing,1
khairul imam : enjoy the visual,1
editing_overload : really fun and addictive app,1
swapnil patel : beauty!,1
softie bun : full of wonderment.,1
levi mcfarlin : cool!,1
salman haroon : aesthetically pleasing,1
escanor's tavern : i did reset my phone and again installed this game now i can't play from where i left. can i please play from there?,1
radit mahindro : gorgeous & simple,1
pradeep meena : awesome graphics and music,1
manjunath poojari : the game was awesome,1
niladri sekhar mandal : its awesome,1
julius arogancia : very relaxing,1
camilo lombard : this is joyful,1
soham bhattacharjee : awesome soundtrack and gameplay,1
giftel rain isabel : really adventurous,1
niranjan patra : great graphics and music,1
rachmad khaliq as : nice graphic,1
bileyn arts : more new laces,1
anna joy : it is a fantastic game,1
milan dutta : love this game,1
imagine earth2100 : loved the music and themes,1
alaa hayatleh : the cutest game ever,1
chris tchang : this is the un tilter game,1
endri sh : how to save progress in cloud,1
john doe : can't do tricks,1
sarah : great chill game,1
abhinay dhar dwivedi : relaxing and beautiful,1
beats pri : keeps force closing,1
the wild comedy : pretty good,1
yanuar : beautiful and relaxing,1
uuganbayar baasanjamiyan : great graphic,1
rantes naranjo : great game,1
kumaralal serasinghe : cool,1
karma comments : cool,1
talha jubair : the best game,1
pankaj yadav : simply awesome,1
gerardo pujado : nice and relaxing,1
jonathan cox : really good,1
richard black : great game,1
salma ahmed : perfect and addictive,1
maia suruy : good graphics,1
broken glass : great game,1
firoz alam : very interesting,1
afenyi afenyi : great game,1
dronacharya gaming : relaxing,1
smarty sky : horrible,1
s a : how can i restore previously unlocked characters?,1
harshvardhan mishra : relaxing,1
nico : incredible,1
keyboard emperor : total euphoria,1
paul smith : a great spectacle of how much a smartphone can achieve design-wise,1
daniel krueger : this game is perfect for a quick fix for that "high score" and "achievement unlocked" itch. and it's also nice to just click and go to escape the noise and smog of your daily grind for 5 minutes here and there. and now they have a zen mode that lets you shred snow as long as you're heart desires. with no 'game overs' or angry watchmen to chase you,0
gajendra jaggi : the new update is amazing,1
bennion sykes : i have to revise my previous comment of this game. i have completed the game twice (thanks to my phone reseting),1
yomal malinda : i loved the game. the game is gorgeous and simple. but i'd love to see some more challenges. and the power ups aren't that balanced. they really don't do anything and i rarely find a power up. that leads to levelling up the power ups with in game money. there's literally nothing you could buy with that money unless it's those last two power ups. i still don't know what they do but. the current power ups aren't something that i'm gonna use or try to use unless i stumble upon one by accident.,1
robert jones : to be fair,1
c campbell : lots of fun to play but i have to repeatedly hit the play again button or do several taps to just get started. after i get going the tap to jump function works well. have had alto not jump at all a few times after watching a video to continue. fix the bugs and it is 5 stars. also get rid of the adverts as the game is loading. this is new and it sucks.,0
calean sixes : noodlecake lost its fame when it made too many games and very few are good. thankfully this is one of their good ones. one of the most beautiful games out there. furthermore its success is in its simplicity,1
ashvin panicker : finally finished! really loved the visuals,1
d's universe : there has been a problem with the settings page. every time i go there all of the options are invisible... they're surely there but you just can't see them...please fix this minor issue so that i can give you the five stars you deserve,0
ackhmed aizat : this game offers refreshing graphics,1
marino courtoreille : love the new zen mode,1
john lawless : whatever you did to change the sensitivity of the buttons you need to fix it. i am sick of having to tap home 12 times to get it to go to home or workshop or exit or yes or any button i want to press. fix it back and i will rate it higher,0
alex mohai : as far as endless runners go,1
james closs : i have to knock a star off due to issues with the share feature. it seems like it will only record the score from your first run of a boot up of the game if you try to tweet your score,1
indigo : oh my word... zen mode. thank you. you guys are a talented bunch - i cannot thank you enough for making this free game even better without exploiting its free-ness. i'll always have a reason to come back to this game,1
boredwayfarer : i like the game a lot,1
blacktommer 35 : this game has beautiful art and a really good soundtrack but that's it unfortunately. the game is one big repetition,1
lauren sartzidis : i absolutely loved this game,1
aaron r : a pretty cool way to kill time. simple but somehow beautiful design. i took away a star because there's no way to out run the elders. eventually they catch up to you if you are able to escape. they change speed and you can never let them pass you by grinding something and letting them run under you. they're essentially a way to knock you off so you have to watch an ad before you can keep playing. the ramp jumps also have weird timing. releasing when it feels right causes you to come up way short and die.,0
obadah alfaham : a well made and very addicting game. aesthetically pleasing. the design and the music are very nice. relaxing and enjoyable. good upgrades so that it stays interesting. the only game i've ever played where i'm okay with ads because they're well placed ads,0
spaghettifetus : this game is just amazing. its stunning visuals and beautiful soundtrack just astounds me every time i play this game. it's also not the type of freemium game where to get the best experience you have to pay for everything. its gameplay is so simplistic but addicting. i would absolutely recommend this game to any casual player,1
cody holland : the game is really fun until it turns into night then it's impossible to play. nomatter how bright i make my phone screen,1
kartikeya mehta : this game is sooo relaxing,1
bill davidson : i love this game. simple to play. music is great. just love the game. but the problem is when the game switches to night time. it seems you snowboard more in the dark than during daylight hours. so the avatar goes dark against a dark background and dark obstacles. the rocks kill you. you can't see well enough to know if you've completed the backflip. and the what makes it even worse is it the ambient light in the room or the cat is bright,0
a c : i love this game but encountered a bug. i bought the wingsuit before unlocking izel,1
anas al-abdulaziz : the one game that i just loved so much from the first second . very relaxing awesome sound track awesome game play the game is just awesome i have never played a game that amazing highly recommended and don't you even dare play this game without headphones or headsets its the most important part of the game hats off for the creators and developers especially the sound designer i just love you guys :3 also there is not that much ads so everyones happy.,0
dankwasher : great shadings and landscape but it crashes whenever i break another record. when this happens it doesn't keep the info that i broke another record because it doest autosave at right time. it doesn't tell us that it autosaves too that's why other games put some saving icons.,1
sanket pawar : this is not just a game it's a different kind of experience. zen mode gameplay and it's music takes you in the different universe. very angelic and ethereal music it is. when you're playing this game you will forget all the sorrows in your life.. it makes you feel very positive. this is by far the most beautiful game i've ever played. thanks to the developers that you thought of such a beautiful idea.,1
prasun paul : the game is awesome,1
bakari morris : this game is absolutely amazing especially for a mobile title. the art sound and gameplay come together to immerse you in the snowy village to create a fun relaxing experience. my favorite part was how the level transitioned from day to night. the colors were stunning and the gameplay challenges were appropriate. attainable but challenging. perfect mobile game to kill time.,0
craig m : snowman,1
steven campbell : so after getting to grips with the game,1
nathaniel stevens : is a great game overall,1
d mccall : first of all let me say how much i love this game! i play it all the time and it's a different experience every time. that being said,1
bepi spallanzani : i love this game so much i play this to relax before going to bed! especially now that ther is an added zen mode. thanks for that. i love just getting lost in the game. thank you so much 11/10 just a suggestion add volcanoes in this hihi. or nott might not be soothing. or maybe a part where he goes high going to the galaxy a quick bonus. the galaxy scene makes me relax too.,0
avisian : people should expect to pay for things of this quality. sound and graphic design is superb,1
div : wow. just wow. this is the most calming game i've played. especially on zen mode. with a bit of fun thanks to challenges the game is focused mostly on calm moods rather than challenges. a different perspective on gaming but well layed out for the type of game.,1
russell andrews : the new update is really buggy,1
joseph anderson : very fun and we'll developed game from the game play itself and concerning the decisions the developers have made to make the experience enjoyable. ads are only visible if you want to get some extra coins. no pop-ups begging for reviews. i admire these traits in a game so came here to review on my own. for the game itself,1
darla : for me alto's adventure brings me so much memories and it's so relaxing and peaceful.it makes me feel so.....the music is very beautiful..it's just an awesome and new experience for me. i've never played such a relaxing mobile game ever,1
a j : such a great game,1
thomas hogan : great game,1
cpt ainaut : i played this game from time to time on my old phone lg g3. its a very gud game. jumps are smooth. the weather changing thing add a little challeng,1
sean davis : this game is amazing,1
robert williams : it's beautiful. so elegant,1
thomas barr : if you didn't catch on from the icon picture and the poetic description,1
grace ham : this game is so simple and peaceful. the art style,1
tony lizarraga : this really is a stunning game but there are some really glaring bugs. first is that there's zero cross device support despite having the account the in. your goals and unlocks don't cross or will be really or if date/sync. second is that the buttons to end,0
hanyi sunny : the game has really great graphics and i really like it :) however it sometimes goes a little nutty while i'm playing and the game doesn't sense my touch (eg if i tap the screen to jump or backflip,0
paris andreou wellness gr : i hadn't played video games for a long time before alto... this game is stg else. it teaches you about life. personally i've learned to appreciate time more and all the seemingly little things... i've learned to let go of stress more easily... to keep going when the going gets tough... all weather is good weather after all,0
sreeraj r : the game is really good. and the 5 star is for the older version. the new update is full of bugs. the screen flickers through out. the option like play again .. pause menu options responds tooo slowly... pls do make it correct,0
mgamgam : it's one of those games where you run and avoid obstacles (jetpack joyride,1
lauri lillipuu : i love this game. i play it all the time. but the moment when i die and the game asks me to revive my character,1
simeon lukich : the only reason that this isn't a 5 star review is that it has in app purchases. i really want to contribute to the developer for making a great game but the only way for me to do so is via in app purchase. i don't want to reinforce that stupid trend in mobile games,1
chris c. : i'm a bit startled by how non-fun this is. i try again,1
shirsho jyoti : awesome soundtrack,1
navaneet baruah : an innovative way to connect on a psychological level coupled with soothing music and picturesque ambience. the zen mode is one good stress buster. but please don't downgrade this game in any way. this is one game that i find is a piece of art,0
why : some times though the rock spawns behind the building and it's quite dumb to die to something u can't see,1
akhil singh : but i have a suggestion " it would be great if you add a 'speed' bar too in the game... so it will be easier and more interesting for us to manage our speed during jumps and flips" i hope my suggestions would be helpful.,1
sean engle : i find myself getting lost staring at the beauty in this game (which often causes me to lose!) there's something about this game that brings me peace. it's fun to play and not frustrating to lose. weather and daylight changing keeps it fresh,1
ready solo 1 : gameplay is dull with no clear objective or replay value. stages are all the same with little variation (dark,1
tashu rastogi : after playing it for a while,1
vaino leppanen : nothing complicated here. this game is well made and fun. i especially like to try double and triple backflips. the sunsets,1
yuushi asahara : sometimes when i come back to play the level revert back to the previous level. this could be really annoying esp when you tried really hard to pass said level.,0
paul danyliuk : also the latest updates (the one bringing zen mode) introduced a few bugs: power-ups seldomly not being picked up,0
martin spasovski : update: did clear data on google play services,1
jesper hauerslev : one of the most beautiful games on mobile. the art direction is simply amazing and the game itself is so easy to pick up and play but hard to master. it is the addition of the new zen mode that makes the game a real winner though. it's such a great way to unwind and just enjoy the game's beauty and amazing music. wish more games were like this. it doesn't all have to be about highscores and in-app purchases,1
verity filipow : this game is gorgeous. it's so simple,1
brandon roman : this game is straight up awesome and so relaxing. i hope you add more maps and more power ups in a way that doesn't take away from the peace of the game. great game overall,1
anna parker : i have a dell venue 8,1
george wicks : sometimes it gets a bit boring and woyld be cool if you could add more settings and music.,1
danny martinez : i absolutely love this game but i have one little request. add more slow motion. and add an effect around the screen or stop the music when it goes into slow motion,0
raffy rasendriya : i cant find the picture that i took from my gallery,1
carla t : it's a good game with great graphics and non invasive elective ads. fun for a while but then the missions become quite impossible due to the lack of variety in the moves. how are you supposed to land a 10.000 points combo when all you can do is jump,1
ari : awesome graphics (cute & realistic),1
a google user : it's just a ski safari clone,1
eric kirschenmann : an okay have ruined by ads every time you play a run. and they're completely obnoxious ads that play sound stopping any music or what you're listening to.,0
ashwith rego : i like the game but the ad system is broken. when i paused and resumed a game,1
jeff morris : thanks for removing the crashing and obtrusive ad. this game is brilliant and lovely to play. a simple flip never gets old! great download. *update - zen mode is very cool! relaxing fun during a hectic day is nice.,1
jake v : love the game,1
dorothy chai : peaceful,1
morgan freeman : the beautifully crafted game design runs perfectly with the slow music even when your speeding down mountains,1
eileen v : it good it's awsome but i just started and every time i crash into the mountains i'm just their waiting for something to happen and i'm just stuck with the totorial,1
brett connolly : relaxing music and simple but fun controls. wish there was slightly more diversity in game play other than essentially just jumping and doing flips.,1
victor shlifer : after playing,1
ezekiel lancaster : everything about this game is simply gorgeous! excellent visuals backed by a beautiful soundtrack. i only have one issue. when night falls in the game,1
lawrence ashley : i keep getting these bugs! first it was time jumping where alto would lag as the next zone loaded in. now it is that after a revive,0
eduardo pradana : game is simple,1
bala krishna : weather changes,1
m c : although it's nothing exciting,1
jason schwartz : beat the whole thing. took a long time but i got there. 5 if you give me more levels or riders.,0
varun mittal : i love this game,1
tushar chaudhary : i love the calm environment and the quality in its sound. i love listening to the very real sounds of the rain..,1
adam cobbett : i am now playing this game so much more. during one play i hit a rock and just left it because i landed in such a beautiful spot. you can now admire the beauty of this game even more than before.,1
sackrefied : it's an allround great game,1
scott adams : this game is definitely a step up from most mobile game offerings. it's simple,1
purvik rana : it's a great game. you'll have great experience of playing this game and yeah,1
carlos cristerna : i was looking for a game like this,1
vishnu harshan : nice graphic quality,1
t geo : i really enjoy the beauty and simplicity of this game - but night mode is too difficult. i have prefect vision and even for me it's sometimes too dark to see the rocks. also,1
kayle wilson : seriously,1
neil bothma : i can fully relate to this game,1
jordan baxter : i have never felt more immersed,1
aaron george : beautiful graphics,1
basinbot20 : this game has perfect scenery and nice music to listen to while snowboarding down a mountain.,1
tegrah : played awhile unlocked all characters. too many rocks past 30,1
mehdi : this is such a great game,1
welsel : nice graphics and easy to play but sometimes just bit difficult to see the obstacles.,1
bill f : awesome side scrolling endless runner. wish chained/consecutive back flips kept your combo streak active,1
dude guy : i've only played this for a few minutes and i can't even describe how beautiful this game is. it gives me goosebumps just listening to everything. :o :d,1
ilias kordoulas : an amazingly fluid game and one of the most or maybe even the most beautiful game i've ever seen on mobile. amazing in all areas,1
adam foster : the whole game is perfect,1
daniel brubaker : pure eye candy. so great to just load up zen mode and get lost. would recommend.,1
khloe honess : downloaded through the game fest thing google have going. it said you get the double coin's free but it definitely hasn't unlocked. shame as i would have kept playing if it had worked.,1
raghuteja a : the game freezes momentarily and then alto just crashes. the game also consumes more battery life now... :/,1
ari duke : i like this game so far,1
gideon villena : zen mode is absolutely fantastic. as if the game wasn't already good,1
itsmemakz : the simplicity of the game makes it beautifull in a way where you get distracted by a wonderfull sunrise between mountain peeks. a beautifully planned out game,1
sentiwapang longkumer : love the background song,1
jervaughn lewis : new updates have been very buggy,1
vinny : i love the zen mode. it would be nice to actually not have a lot of rocks/campfire in zen mode since it's really calming. thumbs up guys,1
heather m. riley : i read the reviews and decided to give it a try. there is something calming about it,0
jerush justin : this beats most of the endless runners in the market. very artistic. neat graphics. great sound effects. and it's totally free.,1
patrick leuchtmann : easy at the beginning and getting harder by the level. enjoying the simple but nice graphics. hope to enjoy the new zen mode.,1
amandanu bramantya : i can enjoy the beautiful sceneries while playing this game. playing alto's adv makes me feel relaxed and is a great way to spend time.,1
alex norris : simple gameplay but oddly addictive. it puts you into the zone.,1
sully : this game is really fun and well made! i enjoy almost every aspect of it. the kne thing i would like to add to the game is the option to have day or night mode. i personally have a lot of trouble seeing it while its night time and im in a relatively bright room. i also have minor color blindness which makes it very hard to make out the darker blue obstacles againts the dark blue background. i can only imagine how hard it would be for someone with more severe color blindness.l,0
odri veseli : the game is challenging ,1
thomas rowland : everything about this game os done amazingly,1
beekibye : even though the mechanics are the most simple thing,1
mike pepin : first,1
kim : yeah it is ok. but,1
matthew brisson : i would recommend this game very much. it doesn't require wi-fi and is very enjoyable. also a+ graphics.,1
bridget jensen : love this game. great for calming down after a long day,0
tess knols : the player can tell that the producers of this game took every single detail into account. its a stunning and absolutely addicting game. i love the idea of the zen mode and how the day changes. its a great game and i recommend it to everyone. great job.,1
xavier jones-benjamin : i repeatedly press watch video before the timer runs out but it didn't work and is very annoying.,0
vishnu das : the screen sleeps while playing. i have to keep jumping to prevent that from happening. please fix this. otherwise it's a beautiful addictive game,0
abhimanyu gupta : the things i liked the most in the game is its flawless graphics & sound combination,1
pat albert : very simple beautiful game and its very calming to play plus i like the zen mode which is very relaxing and you can just go and watch the animations how it goes from sun to dark to rain it's just a beautiful game very simple good job guys hope y'all continue altos adventure already a classic in my book,0
j weatherly : love this little game. nice graphics,1
abhijith ms : i love playing this game because it has a mind refreshing background graphics and a very beautiful background music. it really refreshes our mind.,1
sam rock : a very unique art style with a nice setting. the only problem with it is that some missions seem way to difficult because they are mainly based on luck.,0
daniel peirce : something about the mechanics of alto's spins and the limited fov makes for a very exciting then maddening experience. the audio/visual experience is exquisite,1
luv shukla : the most beautiful game ive played. it appeals to all your senses. dont need to worry about anything when you play this. you can suck at it and still have a smile on your face,0
a google user : fun game,1
andy whitehall : great game a must buy. altos adventure is really fun trying to beat your previous score while trying to complete the challenges as well. over this game should be 10 star,1
jayden jaffer : no joke,1
hunterhabib : cant say wow enough really great concept to lose yourself in the moment . best game i've played on my phone bar none and let me tell ya that's saying something take a bow creator you've really out done yourself . 5 stars all the way.,1
saumya susmit : the game has got it all that takes to be a good game.simple but nice graphics.never had anything glitches or crashes.smoothly functioning. it's a good time pass. i would recommend to give it a try.,1
rory : love this game to bits,1
nora f : beautiful graphics,1
kevon o'brien : great game,1
atifa h : everything is great,1
jc juan : kindly add coin packages cause collecting coins for upgrades kinda gets boring,0
kenneth cortes : superb! no ads,1
hassan nawaaf : i love playing this game but when it fails to recover my progress using google play games on a new phone. my achievements can be seen but i can't continue with my latest saved progress,1
chris cox : this game is quite fun and offers some challenges. like any fame once you complete the missions... it gets boring. but i enjoyed playing.,1
kay brown : this is a lovely,1
dissapoinsquid : sweeping graphics,1
rachel hutchens : i love this game,1
krievv _ : it was amazing. looked really good and in zen mode it calmed me down. so whenever you are angry. just go into zen mode.,1
lemming cide : never before have i felt the need to review an app but this game is by far my favorite with it's music and simple gameplay,1
john doe : its clear that the ratings are bought. the game is very boring. you do nothing but click when you want to jump. visuals ok,1
mehdi raza : the fact that its completely ad-free,1
aanish ashfaq : absolutely breath taking. the atmosphere of the game is unlike anything i've ever played before. the music,1
toni khoury : the best endless runner out there. great graphics,1
kevin benny : a beautifully written game. probably one of the best looking games out there on the market; minimalistic yet immersive.,1
daniel paterson : simple but effective. tight controls and a gorgeous visual design make this an exceptional game that should be on every phone. 10/10 prancing llamas,1
faizeh javed : the game is more like a relaxant to me. it soothes my nerves and the soundtrack helps even more. thank you!,1
cam cleroux : its all the same as other games. endless runner gets boring quickly for me anyway. well made,0
joshua andrews : new update is so buggy. all of the rocks and trees are now invisable. as you can imagine the rocks being invisable makes the game just a bit harder,0
paul newman : very well done,1
divyanshu singh : i loved this game,1
a google user : very lightweight gameplay,1
sabah punya : it was a little bit bored until the update is coming. thanks. its worth 5 stars from me. please give us more updates,1
madison solis : i loved this game the minute i got it,1
mayank sengar : i was playing alto prior to the zen mode release,1
toby cook : watched an ad to revive phillipe,1
carlos martinez : at this time in my life in very sad... bit this game is so relaxing and the zen mode is perfect,1
matheus ferreira : i played this game for about 15 minutes now,1
ian mulisa : this game is amazing i play all day zen mode great never glitched on me so smooth and it so relaxing well...until an elder gets you but trust me this game is worth it,1
reigne lover : this is a very fun game,1
reasat m : the screen goes to sleep if you're not tapping it for some time,0
jakob west : really hard to see rocks at night. i constantly crash because i just couldn't see them,0
azeez ahmad zai : really i don't understand whats the point in it. is it really a game? i m watching it go ... it jumps itself,1
matt zielesch : i would love to be able to play this game more,1
mushfiq ahmed : graphics and the mission scenario is great,1
mohan mirdha : its vry gud in zen mode..but there is some bug in normal mode..its difficult to play in normal gameplay...,0
d lishus : needs more levels and challenges,1
phatwayne : great game but,1
rasyad iskandar : a mobile game that transports you to a little place where you can get away. you'll make some new friends too,1
christopher tadlock : i really like the game. it's beautiful. but zen mode is amazing. studio quality headphones and ten minutes of zen mode is a complete day changer. thank you for this.,1
fluto san : it soothes my mind and the scenery is just so beautiful. the music is the best part. plus the new zen mode is amazing keep up the good work guys,1
viktor kurochkin : really beautiful game but a little bit frustrating arcade mode. it seems the only way to increase speed is stuns,1
nikita naris : just incredible. my favourite mobile game and one of my favourite games in general,1
timothy claassens : i only wish nighttime has more contrast. it's absolutely impossible to play a night level outside of the house without bumping into the first invisible rock :(,1
megan murphy : edit: lag issues since update. please fix. good when i'm anxious and need distracting. calm music and pretty animation,1
ethan cox : there needs to be more characters! and more events like an avelanch or a battle and more scenery like cuzco or lima or ancient gold inca temples (in style of emperors new groove). also,1
tanmay gawde : nice game love to play daily,1
storm trooper : a beutiful and breathtaking casual game. i found the zen mode to be fun and relaxing,1
naqiuddin wahab : just please relocation the pause button at upper corner left not down corner left because it distracting me when play the game.,0
meraj anjum : loved it great keep the updates coming love the day and night cycle add newer modes simply awesome and thumbs up for me,1
jenifer seematti : i loved the game. spent so many hours on it till the end. great graphics and flawless game play. the goals were too good and pretty hard at times,1
bud oliver : i'm officially addicted! the artwork is beautiful,1
ajinkya borade : i play it everyday in metro while traveling back home from work. enjoy the little things in life,1
reyzes peyzes : gorgeous graphics,1
mia kaella enriquez : i love the feeling this game gives me. i feel calm and the music is just oh so lovely and serene.,1
r pendley : when ever my run ends it gives me a video thing so i can keep going well,1
x : this game is far beyond than just a thing on my device.i feel like i could relate to it,1
newton neil mallick : all new style for android gamers.. just hard to resist playing.. thanks guys.,1
albany volker : so good,1
xilconic : graphics are really nice; i like the day and night cycle. game got a bit boring after a while,1
h. fernando borjas : simple graphics and a fun gameplay along with the soothing tones and sceneries the game offers make this game the best i've played in a while :),1
rusith p : great game to just wind back with after a stressful day especially in zen mode.,1
bella chandler : when i play it doesn't show the trees or the rocks they are invisable to me plz fix this d:,0
nerdydragon123 mgolden38 : i love the game! got it when it is was game week. description said free coin doubler. lies. just like the cake,1
pia t : great concept and execution. love the graphics and music,1
rachit popat : i just installed this game but it keeps on crashing. please help. reading the reviews sounds a pretty interesting game :),1
tech-ne-sci-en gyaan : so calm and peaceful,1
thigikna : i adore this game! i almost stayed up all night playing this! also,1
arbi parllaku : graphics are amazing,1
zahmyra harris : it has very nice graphics and i love the part where the elderly person chases you .,1
e. mo316 : game becomes non responsive at times. especially when you're trying to skip a mission.,1
replay mcgee : very good game but the most of the time of a new match it lags. so its say,1
home screen words pls fix if you can have a good day,0
miguel saez : the art,1
emmanuel ajagun : this is the most beautiful game on android but i wud have given it 5 stars if u can select the level you wanna play like all other games ever. instead,1
siti jeffrey : simple game but i love the graphics and i usually just replay to improve my level scores. well-designed if it helps players be self-motivated.,1
sam 1.2 : i love everything about this game. the graphics are majestic,1
nadia flint : best game ever! 10/10 i'm going have this game forever. i never really write reviews but this game is so amazing i had to.,1
duncan atkinson : the sound and music all kinda echo really slowly like the hardware isn't performing the environmental effects or something 5 stars otherwise.,0
james inman : the new characters you can unlock have interesting abilities. it is really fun using the wings it to try and increase your combo score.,1
elbereth : calming and exciting at the same time. lovely music. unique characters. and the art style? i could just take screenshots all day.,0
greg poe : i have probably logged over 15 hours on this game. everything about it is perfect. the music,1
kendra waier : good game and time passer but there should be a button that flips you forward.,1
kusanagi : the art in this game is brilliant however i feel it lacks storyline i suggest making an rpg style game with this type of art,1
molly smith : beautiful game. very simple to pick up & play but the challenges keep you coming back for more.,1
numero uno : it needs more improvements like a flip button for front and back so that we can flip either way. and pls add more features for this game.,0
sophie wu : a fun game with a good soundtrack,1
jazmin durand : this game is so beautiful. the zen mode is my favourite thing so far. so relaxing,1
arthur chan : there's a bug where after long periods of game play the game won't let me jump. all other buttons work such as the pause button but it won't register any taps for jumps (noticed it after purchasing the wing suit),0
a google user : brilliant game,1
appledash the dragon horse : such a amazing game. such a good game. a very good time killer too. very calm and relaxing too. i will recommend this to my friends too.,1
hayden bitmead : wow. a perfect balance of arcade feel and smooth skiing perfection. beautiful scenery,1
esther tauscher : with the zen mode it reached a new level but it would be nice to fix the problem to keep the photos you shot in the photo mode (it's not possible to keep every single photo there are "updated" every time you shoot a new one),0
ankitha nagaraj : i love the graphics and the details. it's so beautifully designed! it's minimalistic and captivating. this is my most favourite game so far,1
siddhant abhijit : this game is probably the best game i have ever played. the graphics are great,1
stephen citynskyj : i am old enough to have played a game very like this on an apple ii back in about 1982. nice game but the first thing you need to buy costs over 3,1
harvinder singh : completed all the levels .... but yet don't know what to do in the zen mode when there is nothing to gain or loss. no coins,1
shafiq zulkifli : no doubt i enjoyed it so much.so relaxing. the background view is really fantastic. hope can add more levels in the future,1
crunchii : it's so fun and relaxing. very addicting as well. could play this for hours on end,1
e l : absolutely one of the most beautifully made games i have ever played. the game design,1
too tall's hammer time : very relaxing as well as challenging. one of the few games i've beaten but still enjoy playing. it would be nice to see a few more challenges though.,1
stephen carroll-keene : went to sign into the game and it did not save my actual level and progress made through the google sign-in. loved the game,0
ebbie paliz : it started to lag and continued on for the last few weeks. please fix. will rate higher when fixed.,0
taylor roan : my favorite game recently on android. surprisingly fun,1
sammy wang : perfectly balanced,1
rajesh paliwal : can't stop playing..simple,1
scott dunlop : great game,1
matt weis : highly addictive and loads of fun. love the new characters available for unlock,1
rick van mook : beautiful art and challenging,1
vibhas .g : quite simple and easy controls ,1
mohammed shoaib : hats off to this game.i just love this game.i will advise my friends to download this game.and i m also going to post some of the best screenshots of this game.if u want to thank me,1
sarbojit mandal : this game is the best platformer game i hve ever played this game is just hving great graphics and just a tiny bit of lag otherwise this the best platformer and this is a next-gen game very good job done by the devs awesome!!!!,1
haziq : on endless mode (with a headphone of course ) is so relaxing . it's like i'm playing journey but on my mobile . recommeded for a relaxing gameplay . it'sjust you and the mountain .,1
ahmed nasir : but it definitely has room for improvements e.g we should be able to play as long as we have coins why we are bound to revive alto only two times im not ok with this.,0
mirza khalid : great game great graphics great gameplay what else can i say...wish other games were like this...good job devs keep up the good work,1
andrea madraresna : addictive and enjoyable. cant stop playing it. good improvement,1
theodore sopher : this is the best android game i've played. incredible design and style. fluid motion,1
janaka poddalgoda : love your concept. one of the best games i've ever played. the zen mode is really helping to stream off.,1
gokay : the new zen mode is amazing. the new song is very relaxing and the photo mode is great for phone wallpapers. you've done an amazing job.,1
luke louca : amazing game,1
austin myers : this game is the best yet. i never get tired of any part of it,1
tahmid ahmed : oh the graphics are amazing! the new zen mode is the most i use while listen to music. though,1
christopher swan : i love this game! they've fixed the error with the lumo green rocks,1
mikael bonnevie : i'd pay just too look at the graphics. and they nailed the advertisement placement in this game. like everything.,0
w paap : a nice game to play on the train. looks nice but nothing special. does not synch your achievements across devices.,1
ordinary weirdo : it said i can get the coin doubler for free for game fest but it didn't work.,1
a google user : i have always wanted to collect lama's and ski and today my dream came true.,1
filip ricov : such a relaxing gameplay,1
shon thomas : if you love snowboarding,1
jerome polk : everything is lovely and warm. it makes me feel at home or like i just got out a warm bath in a log cabin.,1
a google user : after the zen mode update,0
a google user : the sound effects and music are way too good. a pleasant game to play. not very addictive. one of those games that i don't want to uninstall. great job guys.,0
cristian del c. : it's amazing. one of the best mobile games i've played. great graphics amazing music. just amazing. highly recommend if you're having a rough day and just wanna relax.,1
odion tobi : i'm totally loving it,1
mohammad nashit siddiqui : this has to be surprisingly the most simplistic yet the most stunning app there is.. great visuals,1
khurram habib : lovely and an addictive game but the play again (watch an ad option) and get more coins option is very buggy and doesn't usually respond,1
elinor : i fist saw this game in the verizon store and i had nothing else to so i played on the huge i pad and then i was playing over and over then the storm it's really fun and all but you can barley play with the storm it startles you and it's kinda hard because it's dark and you can't see rocks so you die 247,1
krishan pal : it's a nice game and what i loved about it is it's background sceneries.,1
ed wrkin60hrs : very easy to learn,1
danger dave : by far the best game i have ever played on my phone. the graphics are superb. the music is calming and the goals are dynamic. 5 stars. thank you for making this.,1
vivek mangipudi : an absolute delight to play,1
agent skully : user found that the stats and settings sections of the menu have no content. the navbar and background display as normal. it appears the content is still present as the user tapped empty space in settings and a popup referring to starting the tutorial again appeared. samsung galaxy tab 4 7inch (android 4.4.2),0
ratul maitra : i'm at a loss of words. awesome game play,1
yu wong : best game i've ever played! but it won't save any data that i will lose my game process if i clear data on my phone.,1
jason edgar : love the game but can't understand why they need to be granted so many permissions to my phone.,0
rahdi hossain raahi : this game takes itself to a new level at the very first place. i was engaged into this right when i started playing it. the music is so wonderful! the same goes with the graphics as well. all in all,0
paramjot singh : just 1 trick back flip not enough,1
harrison butler : probably the best game i have ever ever played it was so good i loved it especially when you try and go for a triple back flip and it pulls off.,1
zali hms : wow! nice update. i really love it. i hope to see great things from you guys. nice music and a suggestion for you,1
aravindh c. : beautiful and cute graphics. also like the "no game over" zen mode where you can just play to unwind,1
habib ansari : the app is good,1
hairpinspecialist 36 : i like all about this game but what if i can put my own fav song inside this game....im just asking,1
j camp : best mobile game experience i've ever had. rewards you with more characters and levels when you reach goals. doesn't distract you with ads everywhere. beautiful and immersive.,0
loki san hitleson : great addictive game but the sound is annoying. i think sound is cracking in my mobile model (not yet tested in another mobile). anyway i'm using lenovo zuk z1,1
valerie lee : screen flickers sometimes when i pick up the llama horn. still a great game.,1
sumukh aithal : this game is simply superb. from graphics to gameplay,1
joe baker : really fun game. looks great on a big screen. would gladly pay 1 to support the developers,1
princess cadence : cannot buy in app purchases. pressed the button. continuously nothing happens. one star permanently.,1
julia : i've been playing for a long while,1
usuhe maston : as you can tell from my title this is a really good game. a simple concept,1
que haidah : but somehow sometimes it got hang and don't respond but overall i loved the game,1
tiara lowery : this app was great,1
sanath kukkillaya : after reinstalling the app,1
talha siddiqui : share and save option has same icon which is of "share" and both options are not working. no options found further on selecting share option,0
karan kashyap : it's just ok. not as good as people were saying it is,1
francesca s. : very addicting game. lot of fun for me and my kid!wonderful landscapes and funny ppl,1
fahim khan : 1 word to describe this:amazing,1
joe smith : fantastic,1
alexander kostakos : great game,1
steve edmund : just installed and played for about 5 minutes. awesome so far. *update* still loving it but i very much dislike the night mode. can't see anything,1
khalil abdul-hakeem : despite a few hiccups with wrongfully crashing while on my feet; this game is a great time killer.,1
mary shuk : but a little bit buggy after the last update.,0
vladimir dragovic : mobile games rarely grab my attention,1
jay 90 : please don't be a sheep consumer...this game is a near exact clone of a game called ski safari that has been around for a long time...it doesn't matter what this game is anymore,0
dann : for me a lot of games come and go on my phone but this game has stayed installed in my phone for the longest time. the game is beautiful and its a delight to play.,0
uddhav jindal : its one of my best game. ever since i played this game i became addicted to it.,1
demonic ape : it's so calming and relaxing. excellent graphics. zen mode is such an amazing experiece,1
baelin : this is a simple endless run/ski simulator but a notch above anything i've experienced so far. the music,1
jordan lyseng : it needs more gameplay elements. the challenges are all the same,1
ryan lee : i don't think i can find anything wrong with this game. good graphics beautiful art style,1
kaustubh singh : the zen mode is absolutely what every music lover would want in such a beautiful game. probably th best easy and light game!,1
abhirup banerjee : a simple premise with a beautiful ui and a smooth performing game rolled together to deliver a great app.,1
parth rawat : it's a nice game and good graphics but screen dims out/times out after couple seconds. if a game is on then it should block the phone screen time out setting/session.,0
a google user : a beautiful alternative to ski safari. glad to see this game is free on android. it's worth every penny of the $4 it costs on ios.,1
ryan r : great game but it would help many people if you add grammar lessons. why you might ask? just look at the comments.,0
ruby rebecca : it says "failure to initialise,1
madiemoo sonk : i absolutely love this game. it runs so smooth and it has beautiful graphics. not to mention the music in the background is amazing.,1
matt h : it's basically a 2d version of temple run. nothing to write home about unless you're easily entertained.,1
youssef sammour : best game i've played on an android by far! great graphics,1
a google user : lean back and relax! this game isn't easy though! i love this game so much! it's so different from most games,1
erez szpakier : one of the best mobile games i've encountered,1
a google user : the characters are unique and the sound track is addicting. tupa,0
jnrsteel squad : this game is very fun,1
rakin wahed : just that perfect game we look forward to.,1
zeena whayeb : this is one of the most gorgeous games i have ever seen. it's an addicting and briliant game that everyone must have!!,1
james pires : basically stopped playing once i've got to unlocked the llama. tooo addictive.,1
tobias oscar : this game had the chance to be great,1
everette kyles : you can turn off the game mode,1
hellen lobanov : this game has such beautiful music it's so relaxing i really like the gameplay as well,1
hester smith : but a few bugs do spoil gameplay occasionally.. screen flicking makes you crash. sometimes music doesn't work. and so called #gamefest coin doubler doesn't work either. but i love the music.. love the challenges,0
sunshine rumble : it cane be stressful. but fun as well doing backflips and cool tricks .,1
mihaela buzgan : the music and art with the day span with rain and thunderstorm is very calming. thank you :),0
a google user : so beautiful. the setting as a whole-audio and visual,1
hitesh bhengra : a very calming game to play. but after the zen mode update my character does not jump when screen is touched. please fix it soon....,0
mariano gonzalez : this game is amazing. the music,1
fahriza alhafies : great graphic,1
mario zamora : great game for some spare time or waiting. put on some earbuds and enjoy the great music and animations. perfect no complains about it. hope to see more updates and see where the game is taken!,1
paul matousek : i love this game but what it really really really badly extremely needs is different skins and boards but guys i highly suggest this game,1
caleb burke : the game keeps pausing itself and it is extremely annoying,1
christy k : graphics are beautiful,1
dani chevere : zen mode is probably the most fun i've had in a long time,1
rajan nagar : i was amazed to play in zen mode! felt like no was there to see or stop me once i fall! pretty god job team.,0
katy may hayes-smith : my objection is that it came up under a search for relaxing games. this is not relaxing,1
cave : more weather like snowstorms and mists would be nice. just a suggestion.,1
zaquira cartagena : i downloaded this six times and it still says that it had stopped. i've played this game other person's tablet and it's fun but somehow it doesn't work on mine,1
joseph melton : great game. i'm not even a gamer,1
stephanie ko : the visuals are absolutely stunning,1
chris johnson : i download about 2ish games a week and i dont stick around with them for long but this game is wonderful keep it up noodlecake.,0
dan gregory : while the night graphics look great they make the game very difficult to play in real daylight,1
bryen graver : absolutely love the design of this game. so light and atmospheric. the game plays simple and fun,1
mr wahlrab : my girlfriend introduced me to it and she's a gamer and i love her!,1
blackviking : you will never ever find these graphics and such excellent gameplay in any other games. it's a brilliant game. definitely recommend this game.,1
iddin shah : love this game so much i even spent money on it but it drains my xperia z5c battery way way too fast and also causes my phone to overheat. please fix these issues!,0
murali gopinath : great app. looks awesome. really cool design. suggestions: please have a small description as to what exactly the given task of each run is. for example: right now i'm on a run which says that i have to land a proximity back flip. what does that mean?,1
ian mclerran : i could play this game for hours on end (pretty sure i have to be honest). it's a great escape. simple to controls,1
lesedi mailula : it's the best i've ever played in my 13 years of living,1
thai long vu oan : please add racing mode. skiing alone is so boring :d,1
manish dewangan : this game is just awesome u need not to spend any money any where,0
david lopez : beautiful music and minimalist landscape design is relaxing,1
l0ve cacia : this game is so beautiful with such amazing graphics and soothing music when on zen mode. its such a good game to play when passing time by or when u r on edge and just need something to help u calm urself and have fun or become occupied. i love it!!,0
ethan doerksen : i don't like how many micro transactions in this game now because of it being free on android i bought it on my ipad and loved it but since this one is free thers the "watch this add to continue your run!" and paying to get more coins. i would rather pay money for it in the first place,1
shiyosama : i play this game when i need to wait for my friends and when my class is still later this afternoon. it's fun and addictive. also,1
madeline pittman shepard : this is one of my favorite apps of all time and i love the addition of zen mode! that being said,1
gf yourself : i love it great job devs. running fantastically on my galaxy s7 edge.,1
lotothegen : it is so cool that you get to do some skiing throughout the game while completing goals.,1
adam ryalls : very relaxing,1
jordan sommer : you feel fully immersed in the game. it looks surprisingly beautiful and the audio is perfect. if they stay on top of this game,1
alex smtih : after a long day zen mode hits the spot plus you can practice without dieing. very addictive,0
nader : i was skeptical at firsr but the zen mode took my breath away.,1
kyle hesser : it actually fells like there is a tiny universe inside of my tablet! just wow,1
samuel kendall : i am sure all the music lovers would appreciate it if you added a soundtrack download. otherwise the game is wonderful and beautiful in every way!,0
austin n : the art style is gorgeous,1
lukas barbier : would like more features,1
cakes smashington : absolutely beautiful game to play. the art work coupled with the music make this such an enjoyable game,1
lola stepp : wonderful casual gameplay and the graphics are simple yet gorgeous. loving the zen mode where you can practice with no distractions and gorgeous music in the background. get it now!,1
kumar gaurav : this games takes all the pains off my brain..,1
angel garcia : this game is amazing it drags you into it's world with its awesone music,1
a google user : everything is just perfect. i feel game is a bit slow..,1
sodlock : i love this game. beautiful graphic and bgm. but screenshot overwrites with latest screenshot.,1
krishna jaguar : very dissapointing! i log in my to google play,1
keb spacey : best game i've ever played on android,1
gina latimer : this game has the best graphics i've seen the music is soothing it make me relaxed,1
revive dcorpse : wiped my level have to start over no thanks.,1
colby j : one of the most calming games i've ever played,1
e l : sometimes the character can't jump no matter how many times i pressed the screen. i tried pressing the pause button and it works though so i assume the problem is with the jumping thingy?,0
waqas ali : absolutely beautiful,1
tobias sandoval : altos very addictive an the best visual. i play it all the time. even my kids love it to.,1
clinton bourke : except best distance sign takes up quite a lot of center screen,1
jayremie diaz : although can you make the day just day not turning into night. thnks.,1
patrick naylor : i've been playing this game for awhile now and it is amazing! fantastic music,1
marissa noelle : i love this game. the mechanics are simple and enjoyable. the art style is gorgeous. i love unlocking new characters. one more to go!!,1
troy hutchison ii : immediately crashes on launch do not download,1
sanhory 2.0 : the game is simply awesome.. it's truly one of a kind,1
jeremie yap newk pin : i love this game very addictive. great physics. need to add more tricks and also some customization,1
rylan klepser : the graphics are amazing,1
fox : this game is great,1
steward joey : - hard to see rock in night. so would be much better if you give an option to keep the scene in day only. - no coins on rope.,1
nikhil vishnoi : please guys do reply,1
richard crane : this game is everything a mobile game should be,1
stephen nordquist : i don't really care for endless runners,1
m nonya : worst crap ive ever seen. virtually impossible to advance beyond lame tutorial..,0
leo green : this simple but beautiful game is a great way to spend way too much time in the john.,1
andrew chandrakumar : this is the most ,1
gracie hilker : you can run however you feel do quest get trick points or collect all the lamas whatever you do you can't get stuck because you can skip quests so awesome,1
dr.santosh puppala : it slow downs and sometimes touch didn't work please fix it,0
bryan tristan : best game ever it's no lie that it's the best ever if had 10 stars to vote then 10 star vote for me,1
arjun p : it is perfectly made,1
katie thompson : loved this game,1
alex jones : i absolutely love this game. relaxing. difficult enough to keep playing. and the soundtrack is just what i needed. thank you noodlecake!,1
graham hammond : good game but its the same as ski safari which has been out for ages and is way more fun.,1
adena : never got bored through all 60 levels bc of the new goals and characters. awesome graphics and amazing gameplay.,1
troels falkenberg : very nice artstyle but extremely bad level design.,0
sriharsha k : but,1
a google user : the gameplay is simple,1
jattvaad 86 : i know that this game is good but there is no twist or turn in road,1
a google user : had this game since it came out still runs very well good game,1
jonathan williams : somehow.. this game brings back memories of some old classic snowboard games,1
meow holmes : really,1
levi visger : amazing game,1
chris king : this game is one of the best looking games i've ever played. i love the clever nuance to it.,1
thomas gomez : it would be cool if different things start to chase you like a yeti a pack of wolfs maybe even a giant snowball or avalanche but not only that you could put new perks too just some ideas thats all,1
someguy person : best game i have ever played it's peaceful and it's a great time killer too keep up the great work,1
maxwell white : simple,1
kia tsang : this game is amazing! love the graphics and the game mechanics. although the graphics are simple,1
skwaush it : it won't start for me,1
the eminent jurist : cant hv enought words for this .. its awesome .. excelllent game i hv ever played .. really tooo gud... excellent work team..keep it up,1
wyatt peterson : this game is so fun you can do backflips and catch runaway llamas.<3,1
ian : lovely smooth implementation of the google ecosystem. gameplay does not jar at all. well done.,1
arnav j : it's a brilliant and sublime game like none other i have ever played. to the developers,1
geoffroy tremblay : but gets repetitive when you gain good skills.,1
gianni vasquez : in short,1
rahul rane : the best game ever especially the zen mode (it's relaxing and heart touching) love this game,1
jason knopps : forced to watch videos every time you crash,1
nikolay vakulich : too much tutorial messages at the beginning,1
s m : why is there a tutorial!!!! it makes everything even worse and it's forcing you to do what it wants!!!! i have already played this game on another device and it's soon annoying!! (mostly because i can't beat the tutorial) but it doesn't matter!!! there should be a tutorial button for tutorial,0
15 _moch raffa firman sandia : this games has a great enviroment and very suitable with the song,1
mohammad julfikar : long time i didn't see this kinda graphics in games,0
vibhansh gupta : this game is simply fantastic . must play ,1
dray dwire : it is one of the most calming and exciting games i have ever played! this deserves five stars.,1
omnicore : paz has nothing good except the boost buff,1
sai kumar : an age where you look to be entertained without drain on battery,1
bruno coutinho : a very well made game. plays similar to ski safari but i like it more somehow. also,1
ahmed medhat : and i can obtain all the characters in the game through reasonable play time.,1
vikhnesh ajithkumar : this one the coolest game in this genre that has been released lately,1
ken doherty : beautiful game beautiful music beautiful scenery.. i could play zen mode forever,1
abhishek tandon : the new zen mode is awesome but sometimes it does not able to cross the cuts in the mountain which is annoying,0
binny : this is one of the best games i've ever payed.a special thumbs up for the background music,1
shakti singh chauhan : music,1
joshua lewis : fun game you can actually play without a million ads popping up. thanks,1
gourab dutta : grate game but need other moves like front flips,1
michael read : this game is absolutely stunning! it'll keep you entertained for hours upon hours at a time! must have!,1
shreyas nair : best mood freshing game ever it refreshes your mind and the zen mode is awesome and the scenery just blows your mind great graphics,1
starboy : it gives a soothing feel. nice music! new zen mode works well too! good work developers,1
rafael gomes : an awesome game with an awesome ost. really guys,1
anmol singh : its an awesome game n m in awe wud its graphics. its simple and exciting. all in all its worth playing game,1
deniz berk : a well put together game,1
vincie vince : graphics,1
ahmad dzikri : this game is amazingly amazing! keep up the good work. my favourite feature of this game is the weather change and the day cycle. i rate it 10/10 ..no doubt,1
a google user : hands down the most visually stunning game i've ever played! the soundtrack is perfect too! its so relaxing!,1
jason martin : just as gorgeous and fluid as the ios version,1
jimmy pham : great game,1
lif7ed : i am so amazed on how beautifully made this game really is,1
akhil kurup : try the zen mode everyone. it'll get the love of anybody. the background piano music is just mind blowingly soft and powerful at the same time. playing it fell like being in love. i hope i experience it soon. the love that this game gives me....wow!,1
saikrishna raju : nothing more,1
drew bales : simply way too much that needs explaining; who's the guy that chases you? why? any way to defeat him? how do you dismount grinding the flags? and i'm sure i'm forgetting a few since i've already uninstalled it.,0
antonio fenn : this is one of the most interesting and beautiful games that i have seen. i wish more games can be more like this one.,1
johanna l romero : perfect art and amazing yet simple controls. the music adds to the lovely theme,0
khadiza barkat : the visuals are fantastic! the concept is simple,1
lupe : in level 1 i can not go to the next level because this game is sooo hard!!!!,1
gage : this game looks so amazing and appealing to the eyes in so many ways! it's so fun and super addicting! i love the new zen mode. keep on doing great and thank you for making such a great game!,1
josh blue : this game is beyond stunning. if you haven't played this game you should,1
lola twinkle : it's a lovely game,1
seth _k : this game is by far the best game i played on my device. the sceneries are spectacular,1
andre walker : this game is so cool i dont even know how to tell it,1
tree : smooth gameplay,1
niraj sharma : i haven't played such i refreshing game ever. love it,1
dez square : truly love this game i dont rate games that much but after playing it,1
nitin naik : harry and brian crawford ...to mention a few... this game is a "masterpiece" by u guys. mesmerising,1
ishaan manhas : awesome game this game is the coolest game i have ever played! i love it's graphics,1
alif hafizi : i really love this game! the new update which include zen mode made me love this game even more! the soundtrack great and it really help me to relax! the challenge provided also great! overall i am satisfied with this game!,1
anish vyas : one of the best games i've ever played. simply brilliant.,1
nick morea : so beautiful! the music,1
ryan p : also second level is so dark can't see rocks.,1
a google user : am i the wrong here or what,1
stickley : amazing game it's a must have and ain't to easy i love this game,1
rishab jaiswal : i dont usually play games on my android device but i fell in love with this one. the music is so serene and player's movement so smooth. the ui and user experience is amazing. yeah,1
alexa marie revelo : the music,1
matthew neary : love this game! however,1
devang punatar : check out theliteknight on youtube for awesome alto's adventure tips,1
theluckyspade tls : i love the graphics i love the music and this game is so challenging. 10/10 - theluckyspade,1
jordan rose : one of the most beautiful games i've played,1
smita rani : it's visual effects r so nice... but reason for 4 stars is that it becomes quite repetitive after a while....nevertheless m not uninstalling it !!!!!!!,1
amal joe : beautiful music and sound effects.once you start playing you would feel a lot more peaceful.once it started to rain and thunder,1
chakradhar pethani : all pressure gone,1
vishal varghese : i don't usually write this. but alto's adventure is just beautiful. perfect minimalistic graphics. smooth controls. and the new zen mode was exactly what i was looking for,0
noble valerian : just not holding my attention,1
micol chambers : i already know how to play and i can't progress through the tutorial add an option to skip,1
triss : this game is beautiful,1
seyma : i love the zen mode! can't say the same for the bunting line noise,1
michael stark : the graphics in this game are amazing. alto's adventure has simple controls and is fun to play.,1
carl kimpton : i don't usually like any phone games but this one really has me hooked!,1
hdh : you know what would be cooler if you can also be the lama.,1
zach smere : this has to be one of the most aesthetically pleasing games i've ever played.,1
jonathan hyry : this level of quality in gaming is reserved for console and pc games. bravo,1
your_boy wee_tam : this will go down as one of the best relaxed games on the store,1
kiwi kian wee ang : good game. more levels please,1
alon peled : i like the game but after latest update the touch input isn't working after a while thus making the game unplayable!,0
josh butler : zen mode is so calming and wow. head phones are recommended.,1
rishabh kumar bhatnagar : i like the landscapes and the game play.. very soothing!,1
ryan peters : its a beautiful game with good music and nice controls. give this game a try. you wont regret it.,1
asif sami : playing it for only 2 days...already addicted! the background music's are damn soothing and breathtaking...awesome gameplay,1
sharon chung : great game,1
eran azoulay : and the addition of zen mode is exactly what this game needed :) good call,1
krishanthan kumaran : simply fantastic !! with headphone,1
varun : really liked the recent zen mode...kudos to whoever came up with the idea and the really soothing music!....could we get some such more music options to choose from?,1
keniel grant : i love the weather and how sunset turns to night time it's amazing and it has a very simple gameplay,1
arpit jaiswal : the whole experience is enchanting. the graphics and the music is superb!,1
mr,1
max williams : i love this game.. specially its tranquil background music and the transitions!,1
jose armando : the gameplay is great,1
malgorzata s : i'm not great with action games but i really love the art,1
javin rogers : fun game that anyone can play! will give 5 stars if premium,1
sushmita sana : the graphics,1
andrew jay : love the addition of zen mode. takes a game that is fun and addictive and makes it relaxing. and the music for both modes is great. love it.,1
vineet yadav : amazing soundtrack,1
dr.itachi : absolutely the best game ever! kudos to the makers of this beautiful and immersive game. cannot be any better. the thunders..the lightning..the rain..the music. awesome!! glad i found this.,1
ibrahim ahmed hassan : i liked this but you cant see your levels and setting,1
sophia : fell into chasm and got stuck there a few times.,1
gray gray : there's a bug when i watch a video to continue,1
nauman ahmad : superb game,1
a google user : i really want to play this on my nvidia shield tv set top box. please release it for the shield!,1
joshua press : make like missions or stuff to buy,1
aun ally agha : aaaaaamaaqzing game. elegant graphics and perfect objectives. hats off noodlecake studios.,1
shravan sharma : all the credit goes to the zen mode music composer.really feel relaxed with the music.thank you for the game,1
a. naredo : please fix.,1
johnson kee : simple but challenging mechanics,1
nathan fopoussi : super simple. super addicting. super awesome!! if you don't have this game,1
aryan ramnand : this game helped me during tough times...i love it..it feels like im not in a game...thats how it is..keep it up,1
sponge man : very well done with the graphics,1
walter miller : alto's is one flying game i can enjoy upon hours & hours of fun,1
saurabh diwate : music is verry calm. one of my all time favourite games.,1
a o m shamsuddoha : best game ever. undoubtedly. the music,1
kayla wilson : the music is soothing and the way it turns from day to night and snows is very soothing,1
sam white : great minimalist beautiful style,1
eesarali panjwani : this game is incredibly beautiful,1
angelbird 7 : and sliding down an endless mountain over and over again isn't an adventure...,1
carlos curiel : this is the best game i have played in a very very long time,1
sanjana arun : amazing graphics and sound quality. the zen mode just makes it more enjoyable.,1
luis baez : this is a complete rip off of ski safari,1
mofasser aber : i love games with great sound engines. and this is one of those few games.,1
maddie elkmer : i saw this when matthias was playing it and instantly got hooked.,1
bozidar gligoric : fantastic game,1
jay vora : great graphics....love the sound of rain and specially the sound of,1
thunderstorms....use headphones for better results,1
damir tucca tucakovic : after last update the sound is terrible!!! was everything good until last update,0
dean hall : ive only andriod phones in my life and so far i havent played a better game that this!,1
aman singh poras : thank you...,1
timothy ms chawngthu : love this game. the graphics the different levels and players and nothing much to purchase in this game. try it out.,1
xandra r : but it's fun and beautiful,1
khalil hbibi : addicted to it.. in love it... but don't u guys think about addin more super pick ups... more than just a magnet and the feather... think about it...,1
trevor junquera : sooo gorgeous,1
satrya jaka : a nice game with beautiful graphic and music,1
navin singh : best in category,1
richard shields : a well thought out and developed game. i highly recommend it.,1
daniel jimenez : fun little game,1
valentino rahadityo : good graphic,1
cj pepper : love the mood to this game. really good quality. all together,1
moch. tuflichun alfath : try endless mode,1
daryl colley : a great way to chill out.,1
anne genette aves : i like to play this game. it has a complete and totally fun game.,1
thio salim : very relaxing game,1
rusen lucian : how cam i move my game data to another phone. i don't want to start again the 30 levels :)?,1
pravash bhattarai : fantastic game. we expect more games like this from you.,1
blake roberts : great fun. simple game to pick up for short amounts of time.,1
michael mac donald : would be nice if there was more you could do though.,1
rupali tambat : a real fun to play. great work developers.,1
itsmefaith : this game is amazing! it's almost everything i've wanted in a game! 1. great graphics 2. no advertising 3. amazing music! keep up this amazing work.,1
carrie milone : this game is so calming and cheerful,1
felix liu : overall smooth - some bugs when landing too quickly,1
patryk szulc : i love idea,1
4169_sakshi lanjile : everything really makes sense in this game. feels so peaceful while playing!,1
dinesh yadav : it is for r0.99 on ios and free in android . but i love this game ! i am on level 6 . have any one of you completed all of the levels ?,0
kirollos magdy : it is a great game ,1
m.yusuf peters : a great thanks to the creators. i must say. this game is really cool. somehow its depressing also yet very awesome. well done ;),1
ali zain : unique concept. game load slower very appreciate if make is load faster.,1
matthieu debeaux : beautiful graphics,1
mohammad doraa : this game is so relaxing it makes me calm even if i am so angry specialy the zen mode,1
juan knight : who doesn't love to chase down llamas and use a squirrel suit? not me!,1
waseem khan : nice graphics. this game has a calming effect.,1
shubham desai : its perfectly the game i like. ek no hai ye game try it guys.,1
alex morrison : a gorgeous game that's fun and has hours of potential gameplay,1
ron pierce : i love the graphics and soothing music while playing this game.,1
ann alex : the most beautiful sound track and a great way to unwind.,1
brooke : beautiful and serene music. the zen mode is immensely relaxing and just so calm and peaceful.,1
angelina guerra : i love this game it's amazing the quality is the best. and i love the music. it's a really good game . i think there should be more like this,1
shadowarcher5 : alto's is one of the best games i've played,1
admiredemonz_yt : i love this game it is addicting and the music is so peaceful its just really hard to get a lot of coins,1
edison geul : it is so fun to do flips great graphics,1
rafe moate : it's one of the most beautiful games i've ever played and its so amusing to play! especially with the cute fluffy llamas!,1
tejas sreenivas : a super simple game for time pass!!!,1
natan chorazak : probably the best game ive played on my phone,1
erik sedd : very calm and relaxing and doesn't lag,1
xide n : perfect game to pick up and play whenever.,1
colin chan : great art,1
candycurl gaming : "this fame is butiful and i love it its very addictive and zen mode is butiful and calming",1
ken : having fun with it,1
lee bailey : this game is great. excellent graphics and sound and very addictive,1
jared adams-richardson : idk how i accidentally changed the language into something from english but cannot figure out how to change it back!!!,1
andrew james : kind of like tiny wings,1
cloud shy wolf : this game rocks i love it the music everything,1
alex he : very enjoyable whilst challenging to play. i really love the visual and music et al!,1
sawayze iqbal : must download try it's endless mode with headphpnes...(awesome),1
atulas x : bait and switch game for game week.,1
jeremy eaton : the game is subtle and entertaining. the music is relaxing and game play simple,1
suleman asghar : this game is very relaxing and the gameplay is very simple. good for time passing.,1
irfan rashid : beautiful game. nice graphics and nice music! highly recommend.,1
landon carrier : great peaceful way to unwind or kill some time,1
ashraf zaman : absolutely loved the game,1
mnm 4ever : great graphics a great time passer and wonderful job,1
mubarak ali : this game becomes very close to my heart!!,1
undeveloped polaroids : i'm a sucker for pretty indie games,1
rj rentie : it has great,1
avinash sarswat : awesome game. wonderful graphics,1
luis valencia : only ine problem i have is when i want to watch the replay,0
jaden bookhart : i love the game because it is relaxed game and the music is beautiful,1
jocelyn currie : the game has stunning graphics,1
delhi ganesh : i love the very much since the music and game design was in such a way that it is not bored me,1
muhammad abdullah : the game keep crashing since i downloaded it,1
tony kim : i play this way too much,1
joshua brown : one of my favorite games out! even better now with cloud save,1
sameer gupta : the music in zen mode is so good!,1
daniel zubeldia : this is the best game i've played on my phone!,1
hemant mogia : i like graphics used in the game and mostly the soundtrack in the zen mode,1
ebel federico : relaxing game,1
kandace cadlo : this game is so fun to just sit down and play!,1
nicholas o'connell : really fun and atheistic game,1
tyler sennett : tap feature wouldn't work,1
kapayu nashookpuk : the melody in the new game mode is perfect,1
erubus yolk : grate game and zen mode is so relaxing and nice,1
jesse ekong : it has no problems and the graphics are cool,1
pawan singh : play this game with high music is feel fantastic,1
itsme again1256 : the best piano backgroud in zen mode should play,1
beth dennis : it is such a pretty game and the music is really good,1
the real robin : this game with headphones is just amazing relaxing and fun,1
allan ramogo : very simple concept but done beautifully,1
junsix : this is the best game in the world it is soooooo relaxing and fun,1
emmanuel okeke : really good game; great graphics and background sound as well as simple controls.,1
christian hergenroeder : graphics are great,1
music boi : if you love being at peace with yourself get this game,1
tulu dinagde : my little sis is on it like every day and now i know why,1
the teal shark games : it helps me spend time will im waiting for the bus,1
shawn kimmerley : it is one kind of art and it is pleasing to look at,1
khair dine : very great game i like the simplicity of the graphic and especially the music,1
raman sharma : i lovee this game very much and when the soft music play it touch to heart,1
a google user : if i had not found this game i would have been evil,0
rq morocco : it is very fun to play but can you add more boosts,1
adam rainey : had a good few hours of fun,1
chris middleton : amazing game with simple yet beautiful graphics and great gameplay,1
sanchit tuli : it's an interesting game. the tu theme of the game is very good.,1
alec barnes : keep up the good work love the music need more,1
abdulrhman abduallah elshiekh idres : great game with cool music and gives calming felling to you,1
sai praveen : o my gosh i ever this game it was very nice to play,1
steven molina : great game but they should make it multiplayer so u can play with ur friends at the sametime,1
justin padfield : swipe right to left on the title screen for the endless freestyle mode,1
rohan jarande : this game easily made in my top 3 best (mobile) games ever list. it could even be at the top. best possible use of ads i have ever seen in my life. hard work went into this game and i appreciate it very very much. beautiful music,1
william s : does anyone know how i get my coin pack for free i downloaded it from google special,1
sajith thalasseriparambil : the music keeps replaying please add more songs to zen mode,1
pak macedo : highly recommend to everyone who wants to pass some time,1
daniel pelev : simple,1
jackie m : great app. the music is calm too.,1
tyler russell : this is one of my favourite games on my phone! i love the scenery,1
m lykins : this game has a lot of action for all ages which makes it veeeeerrrry interesting!!,1
alexia dica : good graphics,1
indiana bonez : this is a great,1
mateo echauri : immersive,1
frog boy : great graphics and an addicting gameplay that can keep you playing for hours!,1
andrew booth : super fun,1
clayton lawless : by far the best mobile game i have played,1
tamila rankin : you need to get this game has good graphics people,1
a google user : really well made game. very artistic.,1
aman abdullah : beautiful game .my fav,1
amulya goel : too much involving game... simple yet challenging,1
surya prakash : the music was really cool. loved it !,1
jothis radhakrishnan : wow....... woah.......and wow....... one of the best games that you can get out there on playstore....... really you should check this out,1
fidel fabian dalisay : love the game overall,1
spulonski : skiing down the mountain side with an elder chasing you is a clever twist on fun,1
azra rofa : i love it. so relaxing. the relief and scenery is so beautiful. awesome! 5 star,1
stefan paunovic : google play games integration fixed after the update... love the game,0
sai charan : i want my progress to be restored. i want to play again from 15th level,1
maija heino : a very beautiful,1
anees sayed : i m loving it,1
manish sai krishna : the zen mode in this game is very relaxing. why can't there be more games like this?,1
ben weichert : amazing,1
a google user : got to say the music at zen mode... mesmerizing! good job!,1
daniel reid : nice for the first hour then pointless after hardly anything to unlock and levelling up does nothing and no way to stop the elders from knocking you off for snowboard,1
the undertaker from death valley : its amazing! its emotionally well crafted game play ! music is so good !! hats off for the makers!!,1
andy harris : great game that keeps you wanting to progress.,1
ali aboelsoud : the new zen mode made a great game even better :),1
richard whitaker : really good game.so simple yet brilliantly done.,1
stephen wiltshire : no way of quitting game,1
ben jolley : what's not to like??? i'll give it a solid four stars. good stuff guys. :) my app of the week .. helping me relax apart from paz who needs to cut down on the pies!! ;),1
micoh eliezer valenzuela : it's more than a game. meditation supported.,1
bryan ruiz : great design,1
morgan : its so fun it feels like you're in (well to me),1
kdot : honestly the game looks beautiful,1
azizprast aji : beautiful music,1
aidan pina : love the game high quality graphics and i love the music,1
chaca edgar : fun and addicting game but it needs more scenery and jumps,1
mudasar hussain : really good game very addictive and well made,1
isabella lauren : its so calming and fun at the same time,1
carmen ortiz : it is so good for utube vids and its peaceful,1
its jagan : it should have upgrades then game amazing as it is but it will be cool if they have upgrades,1
animikh chakrabarty : minimalistic,1
owen bh nie : there are so much good places .and fun to play,1
mauricio calheiro : great visuals and music,1
azariah kennedy : so beautiful. greatest game i've ever played,1
noor ul hasnain bokhari syed : an amazing,1
noor jr : the most simple game yet beautiful ,1
stanley arthur : all around super fun adventure. wife even loves it.,1
claude kingery : love the look and music. very relaxed game,1
bikram debnath : there's nothing about any adventure....same graphics ... it's like restarting game in every 5 sec,1
nico wenis : must buy!! :-) it is fun and challenging,1
miguel salazar : it's a really challenging,1
simonglam tan : its more a mind relaxer,1
ilo owens : it cool and no lag in it so good.,1
storm fly 100 : this game is mind blowing. it's a must have this summer. you'll never regret downloading it,1
jack mallon : hands down the most beautiful game i have ever played on a handheld device,1
chetan kalyan : the new zen mode is my wind down routine for the day,1
rob docherty : the whole game oozes style and is just fun and simple to play,1
january : i love the music in the background and also the art style is wonderfull,1
maddy :x : so serene and beautiful!,1
juan manuel arboleda : it's a wonderful game. full of everything. i just love it.,1
jayel : music is awesome. snow set is awesome.,1
gujarat santana : amazing games,1
imran hossain : awesome graphics,1
lui catague : great graphics,1
jorge rodriguez : i don't have the helmet or pickaxe in the workshop is something wrong? is the update not out for android yet? please reply,0
abdul qayyum : i don't know why..went i play it,1
alex dykens : not to bad. really good app,1
chris wallace : this game has great graphics. pretty good game.,1
bishop thomas : best game to play when you want to relax. very addictive.,1
shah usamah : beautiful,1
shelby stolzenburg : everything about this game is beautiful i love the amazing graphics and the music makes the game so relaxing i would totally suggest this game to any body wanting something relaxing,1
eugene motilal : maybe 3hits better,1
vivek nair : good to play,1
jerry finney : the graphics is good music too good features :),1
mgworld : so fun cool flips and just simple,1
sanidhya saraswat : its an art to make such games!,1
devslayer : great game.. very relaxing,1
freya kershaw : this game is beautiful and zen mode is so relaxing,1
punks cool : everything is just awesome. graphics,1
richard bustamante : i wish there was more tricks but best app eva,1
adnan jamali : pretty decent game....and the missions makes it even better,1
rondinele fernandes : this game is awsome i loved it,1
izany daniel : satisfies.. calming animation and music. loved it,1
evan de : epic. love the new game idea of zenith mode,1
habib firdaus : wonderful game,1
marcus make : it's so relaxing to play,1
joseph goh : great spacial audio,1
rasel ahmed : make it go multiplayer! make it go more viral!,1
radu arghiros : jokes aside it's a real work of art.,1
ukasz kurzyniec : i love snowboard,1
edward reaper : love the zen mode soundtrack. fall asleep while playing on zen.,1
refat hossain : great graphics.. and the background music is so relaxing.,1
nd : no point after the first few runs. great concept,1
marko radisic : zen mode is the best feature,1
aditya kumar : the best game i had ever played till date,1
mukesh pandey : the graphics reminds me of monument valley...,1
rizky vije : i love this game,1
gourab dutta : it's a good game nice really like,1
rakesh karmakar : really adventures,1
kevin thomas : love every aspect of the game. thanks mucho,1
debashish acharya : really awesome game....very good graphics and sound,1
hudson mckinley-uss : i love the consept an grraphics are great,1
amrit sahu : i loved the music n scene,1
wu lp : you can enjoy and have a peaceful time,1
naomi lynch : amazingly amazed about being amazing,1
v.venkateshwar reddy : really i love the music of this game for it give 5stars,1
a google user : somehow i think this one is better than odyssey,1
brynn -stultz- bogert : addicting and fun for everyone u should play,1
atharva anand : best time past game for young blood,1
logan walker : i think this game is relaxing and great and very smooth,1
harpreet singh : very soothing graphics and playing experience,1
dalton n : easy and fun to play with stunning visuals,1
fatema mohamed : they did a great job on the graphics,1
jim bob : a really fun game,1
jahnavi gupta : one of the best zen games out there,1
robin parashar : the zen mode is especially amazing,1
smriti solanki : soothing music rejuvenates your soul.,1
john c : it is stress relieving and its got good graphics!!!,1
abd aldalo : very nice and cool l never seen before.,1
a google user : just a well designed game that knows what fun is.,1
mirabella blair : it's elegant and interesting. also a good time spender. loved it! :^),1
a google user : i suggest a update with new characters!!,1
suman chaterji : really lovs the art the backgroun the music the weather system everthing is just brilliant sir,1
brett p : smooth and awesome animation,1
cooper barnes : pretty close,1
craig frost : fun,1
priyank khandelwal : its a beautiful game.,1
book parasite : that's all you need to know about this game,1
sonal kumar arya : this has always been a good thought for a game,1
anuj mulik : this game is beautiful! loved it!,1
olivia : for some reason the rocks and magnets and sign and fences aren't showing up please fix!!!!!!!,1
mykal gurnick : loving this game. my favourite one for ages,1
alex havala : this is the best kind of relax for me :-),1
juvia kim : now the tap to jump isn't working,1
karun gupta : simple yet addictive game. highly recommended for everyone.,1
harsh a : good concept,1
mark dufresne : crashed after loading screen.,0
philip rieck : newly intrusive ad overlays.,1
a google user : i hope love this ..,1
abhishek sayan : absolutely love it.,1
varun malhotra : graphics,1
adarsh thapa : good game but i cant buy coins except the double coins.,1
sujit john : graphics,1
lalit jadhav : u shud add more players with abilities,1
mostafa hassani rad : very good idea for android,1
yadav aakash : one of the finest game ever,1
himanshu sisodia : great combination of amazing graphics and calm music,1
rajesh vithlani : excellent graphic superb game loving it,1
dylan roberts : love unlocking new characters,1
a google user : looks good and the rest of the game is awesome,1
shubham mahapatra : nice game with distinguished graphic and music,1
arun orton : i like the game so much,1
dalton sweet : beautiful music fun gameplay and hours of fun,1
mitchell thomas : good gameplay and beautiful ux,1
sai srinivas0695 : fantastic music and graphics and good designing,1
neil sajjad : this game is as like as my dream,1
neon ninja 14 : could u add local multiplayer,1
shadow gaming : thank you noodlecake,1
edgar and bumble : i highly recommend it for everyone,1
ardy ong : cool i like it also nise animations tho,1
leo : awesome for playing while getting asleep,1
henrry jii : u need to try it,1
alexander oakwood : best game i have played on android,1
kitmun tui : the graphic & music very nice,1
manojverma 674 : this game is very addictive.,1
a google user : i sincerely recommend it.,1
saad elahi : this is amazing man..please add more like snow fall weathers,1
saihaan akbar : it's a calming game,1
kassapa bandara : this is the best game i ever play......well don,1
krrish sharma : music is very peaceful. awsm graphics,1
amira ridzuan : love it...5 stars for this app,1
devon graham : a really good app,1
a google user : never had such fun,1
angel manson : beautiful visuals,1
altan gurel : awesome feeling easy paced relaxing game.,1
michael marrone : really need wingsuit meter.,1
forest jessie : really nice graphic and great music as well.,1
paul hughes-stainsby : great game to wile away the hours.,1
rodolph dandan : excellent game,1
dread goat : very well made and lots of fun. hey,1
michael ryan : i really like this game but i hate the wingsuit. is there a way to deactivate it without resetting my progress?,1
zori o : please add more stuff in the gane,1
nathan cothran : how bout a live wallpaper,1
aayaksh chadha : pls add new missions asap,1
naufal muthahhari : wow i never play this game,1
tristan isham : so much fun and a great way to destress.,1
zayin shepard : everything from the scenery to the ui is beautiful in this game.,1
sophia li : this game is so fun! it's really simple and addictive! :),1
michael ruiz : this is a very nice game cool ,1
kim wal : snow boards,1
tuhin karsingha : have been searching for good time passing game. its one of the best.. great game..,1
shivam lodhi : the game was good and the game was soft touch.,1
raghad : its so relaxing and simple,1
jacob slavick : it has nice graphics and lamas.,1
joyson jadav : i have no words for this.,1
becky gray : love how simple yet addicting this game is,1
vkrm : great game to relax,1
askills 11 : good easy game to play,1
manav goyal : loved zen mode .....best way to relax ...soothing music and graphics ... hats off ..,1
iyiola ademola : great rounded game. light weight too,1
jared ecker : artistic,1
alison wright : love this game,1
stefan sattran-mccuaig : very relaxing,1
hazem ezzeldin : really good camera work,1
oktavianus kurniadi : your graphic i love ,1
fabio l : this app is wonderful,1
craig baker : love the art style and music,1
uday kiran : great graphics n music,1
paramita hazra : addictive game,1
cantranice ross : best game in the world,1
le wei cheng : one of the best game i played,1
venkat r : smooth game play,1
mack walker : simple but challenging,1
rohit kunchikorve : need modification during game,1
supratim saha : addictive and challenging yet simple,1
earth arrow : very nice and playable,1
john doe : the game looks amazing,1
shruti _ : easy and simple game and very addictive,1
daniel zhang : the greatest game i ever download,1
james pilkins : for some reason at the start or anywhere i can't jump plz fix that bug.,0
summer roberts : maybe have an option to turn on or off the llamas in zen mode? i love hitting the slopes with my little buds,1
erfan erik : wow it really good graphics & audio good job,1
a google user : just like other apps. nothing that differentiates it from others.,1
shane robinson : this is a great game it's very addictive,1
ramon aguilar : wow....i like it ..it was good how it was at first relaxed and soothing and it would take my stress away..but now that it has the no score and no time just play and listen to the music....no words to say how amazing it is now...thanks...i like it alot,1
cari carlino : love,1
raj babu : boring game 2015,1
prinxess poppy : i live this game. it's so addictive. nice graphics to.,1
arijit bardhan : where from the ads popped up???!!! it just pops on my screen and disrupts my game. and also the game screen flickers.,0
raghuram suri : what an awesome concept!!! the game's got a very simple yet practical layout. the graphics and visuals are one of the best i've seen. the bg music only adds to the brilliance. i'm hooked to the "zen" mode which is a stress buster!! recommend this game to everyone :) :d,1
stevenson banda : its a lovely coordination. ..true work of art. i love the game.,1
ace daniel : simple yet awesome,1
robbie adams : you owe it to yourself to download this game... yes... it's that good,1
nirali shivhare : really fun game....loved it,1
a : a piece of art. beautiful game.,1
xzavier alexander : the game has great graphics,1
helmi wibowo : love the music and great view,1
notte stellata : thanks so much for developing the zen mode!!!!! i love it!,1
james sanders : such a great addictiveness.,1
s a m e e r s.s : i absolutely loved it,1
thorik w.s : love the graphic,1
sumon sahu : backdrops and music are really awsm.,1
john huston : pretty fun and nice scenery.,1
rahul charote : first time i play this game in my nephew phone and i really enjoy and install to my phone also great.........,1
joseph lalremruata : the best game i ever played..and i finish all the level...,1
david crey : ( : i like this game yeah,1
beta aisa nahi bolte : great graphics,1
sumant kalamkar : nice game,1
auston duke : fun,1
andrew nelson : i can't figure out how the heck to do a "proximity jump"??,1
ansh : and backgroud is so fantastic!!!!!,1
overkiller 9000 : its the best game ever over 9000(''),1
tinywest : its beautiful .... i could play it all day.,1
shahid ak : classic game that i've ever played,1
allie hart : love this game. it is purfect.,1
a google user : best game i've ever played. just smooth.,1
a google user : breathtaking graphics,1
utteeya : awesome experience. very adventurous.,1
louis joshua paliwen : amazing keep up the good work,1
supreme 11 : level 2 is far you can't even complete the freaking level,1
donovan stringer : my son loves it.,1
a google user : original,1
dimitrija popovski : this game is absolutely amazing!,1
rocket rochar : good game and amazing graphics!,1
sreehari santhosh : just finished this game .........one of my favourite....,1
zayden greene : this great is amazing!!,1
ajith manav : very soothing music in zen mode.....freshens the mind...,1
un abdul cualquiera : this game is just amazing!!,1
aby johnson : awesome game...i loved it!!!,1
roman zavalishin : what means task "land a proximity backflip"?,1
norma s : couldnt finish that jump on the first level lol,1
yza kamylle malonzo : sml for the zen modeee,1
jahkwan edwards : this app is so addictive....it's truly amazing,1
kimete gashi : it's a really fun game if reading plz download! !!!!,1
arun alawa : and trippin!,1
bharathi selvan : absolutely loving the zen mode!!! it's soo relaxing & soothing!!! thanks for the zen mode!!!,1
dinesh voodi : gen mode is awesome,1
kate howard : love this game lots...,1
fallen one : lovin' the new update (zen mode),1
benjamyn isles gates : it just stays on the opening screen xperia z,1
a google user : it's not doubling my coins like it should,1
nova nexus : i love this game!!!! thank youuuuu!!!!,1
malka susan zachariah : awesome game...nice mood,1
pushkar : amazing game. really beautiful. :),1
zareef kabir : the greatest game ever!!!,1
lily roberts : love the music!,1
rallykat : the quality of this game is great!!! i love it! good job!!!,1
neil andrews : see above,1
chapiino_o! : great game thank you!!!,1
trex jr : great game !,1
oli boots : great game!,1
christian tian : cant backup save game??please add more level i have max level,1
mohammed habibullah : cool game..,1
tyler coles : great game!,1
jojay omanga : i love this game!,1
terrel bush : insanely chill and relaxing!,1
nishesh kumar : alto..n izel.... its my adventure,1
aries vera : simply brilliant and creative!,1
paul millidge : fun...calming....challenging,1
mary bell : i'm in love with the graphics,1
basketball for life : it's very satisfying,1
mohamed fais : cool game..,1
animposter : and relaxing.,1
lewis wood : stunning in every way.,1
sanjana gavini : it's good,1
dipen shah : superb graphics,1
sherwin denis : the soundtrack,1
lynn sadler : wow!!!! i absolutely love this!!!!!,1
y j : awesome experience<,1
faith daka : this game is awesome!!!!!!,1
avishek das : outstanding... love it.,1
david jarrett : it's great.,1
keniah mccloud : boring but entertaining,1
easton meyer : love this game!!!,1
kimmy sue : the s***,1
su chen : fun. nice graphics.,1
aftab sehgal : shows the beauty of life,1
irving baruch : upgrade board or speed or boost,1
sundar vinayak : perfect creation,1
sanket mohapatra : amazing to play with zen mode,1
k vig nesh : good graphics and peaceful music,1
gaurrav arya : smoothy and simply intrested game,1
amoah osborne : very simple fantastic game,1
mahir daiyan : i really love it,1
sergio botelho junior : great beautiful and relaxing game,1
bambi : just tha best,1
amanda burrell : it is addictive and fun,1
darkslayer dunn : i love the game,1
ideas for life : too much fun,1
abhishek prasad : among the best on android,1
s w : so simple and so addictive,1
a google user : such amazing graphics,1
appa 0308 : good but very bor,1
aantriksh nashier : beautiful game and relaxing sound,1
a google user : its a really good game,1
o'brian shing'andu : interesting game to play,1
logan ewert : great way to burn time,1
sallang marak : the music its inspiring,1
kopal shah : loved it..great game with great music.. what more to ask for?,1
yaniris encarnacion : awsome gameplay,1
abanish ghosh : awesome,1
hong phuc hoang : great game.,1
ibrahim fayyaz : the best game,1
arcade design : great game,1
faysal prodhan : it's good,1
pubudu chanaka : awsome game..,1
vanmeeganathan p k : awesome... addictive,1
markell gilbert : it's lit,1
nathan brewer : matthias is doing the game for the game fest,1
ryan n : so mandatory ad viewing is now incorporated into the actual game play. anything for a buck! not worth it!,1
mahevish fatima : loved it!!,1
king hafiz : simply the best...,1
behzad : impressed by the sound effects,1
daivik yumnam : great game...,1
jignesh posarekar : addictive,1
mik svens : this is an exception,1
luke waite : well that was boring,1
roudy hambone : really smooth peacful,1
animal lover : beautiful game and artwork,1
rana farrukh khaan : awesome time passes,1
arif mirkar : great graphics,1
qaisar abbas : great game play,1
deepak yadav : good for time pass,1
arslan bashir : loved everything about this game,1
saibal chakraborty : just intoxicating,1
incorrectlycorrect : the music is amazing,1
supavit junsompitsiri : the beautiful one,1
l.e. simmons : alto is a good game,1
diego reyes : the best game,1
parth chavda : a nice one,1
joey : amazing and fun game,1
zoe rea : very fun and exciting,1
nick olson : love the game,1
gabriel de armas : you know it,1
ydgs : great and minimalistic game,1
danesh l : fix the bugs,1
joel nunez : addictive,1
mohammad nazim shaikh : very nice game,1
deborah hearn : art in a game,1
adrianna hubble : hi my name is jeff,1
danielius podagelis : zen mode awsom feature,1
mohamed mansour : very relaxing and fun,1
andre so : beautiful and relaxing,1
og menace : relaxing and fun,1
hrishikesh shinde : great music,1
olivier laplante : great game,1
dinyo morency : the graphic is dope,1
karthik velayuthan : epic snowboarding game,1
flynn tabor : rippoff of ski safari,1
matthew roberts : great game,1
mikhail cicala : absolutely gorgeous,1
vijay dhingra : smooth and beautiful,1
joshua evan : beautiful graphics,1
sayan sen : simply fun,1
anas sultan : it is cool,1
neeraj yadav : awesome soundtrack,1
kamala kannan : beautifully crafted,1
plump rat : great graphics,1
paulo ribeiro : so relaxing,1
daniel martinez : great game,1
ganesh m : simple and awesome,1
braedan leigh : great game,1
wind hsu : fun and beautiful,1
ajay shastri : well executed,1
dipu sd : great game,1
eric juniel : love this game,1
a p : and fun,1
waie noor : simply awesome,1
jeremigh harrell : rly relaxing,1
austin self : love this game,1
john torres : cool,1
michael blamphi : beautiful and entertaining,1
aaz 58 : good graphics,1
justen barraza : awesome app,1
cytal : fun in the sun,1
baris han yesilnil : no free coin doubler,1
kamania moar-o'connor : boring,1
kate clews : addictive,1
harsh kumar : loved it,1
josh chen : cool,1
t v : relaxing,1
emmanuel joy : addictive,1
chandru jack : cool,1
the fool : cool,1
kashinath : exlent game.graphics,1
musaddiq ali : is there no way to restore the progress in case if i have re-installed the app after going through a factory reset.,0
kendrick small : addicting,1
ankit kothari : clean.,1
orlando sanchez : i downloaded the game because it was advertised with a promotion that grants you the $3.99 coin doubler upgrade for free. my account did not receive the upgrade and it still shows that i would have to pay to receive it. shady if you ask me.,0
syennz : this game is just amazing,1
james hyde : i love this game,1
sean petty : for this type of game,1
pradyumn vij : excellent aesthetic and attention to detail from the art style,1
sourav deti : no on screen ads,1
piyal banerjee : this game is absoloutely and unbeliveably awesome. but it's very sad that the developers are not investing the time and money in the game that it deserves. this could have easily been one of the best mobile games in the world.,1
emilsonic : i love the simplicity of the game also the graphics and the mood. i never get bored of it. good game.,1
a google user : if you have anger issues,1
andrew higgins : the music and sounds stutter an my bluetooth headset. my other games work fine. fun game with sound off.,1
ryan katwaroo : amazing job with the zen mode. core gameplay was already strong and addictive,1
freddy thimmaiah : alto's adventure is one among those very few rare games which undeniably has you appreciating it for the simplicity and the manner in which the game has been made. this new zen update along with the new soundtrack is absolutely brilliant. please include more of such music in future updates,1
vishal kp : the game is pretty awesome but the new version has issue with connecting to the google play. thumbs up.,1
a google user : as if it was not already beautiful,0
mihir deshmukh : this game is simply beautiful to play. superb visuals,1
aaron king : this is a super chill game. you can just cruise over the hills or start chaining stunts to get a high score and unlock more boarders.,1
bunkhya cha : the gameplay,1
rehanga gamage : wonderful graphics,1
alofa t. : if there is one game that can release your stress and frustrations it is alto's adventure,1
tom shango : every time you hit the llama horn they throw a rock in the middle of the stampede!! also the final character should be faster and be able to back flip easier...,0
john burnett : so well designed and beautiful to play.,1
isabella siegrist : this is perfect. the colors and everything. i can even play my own music while pkaying the game.,1
homegrown productions sdn bhd : the normal mode is challenging and really fun and with the new update the zen mode is absolutely awesome.. but hopefully it can have a variety of music n zen mode..love the update. tq !!,1
kevin thomas : there should be more tricks.. it would really pump up the game,1
tomas hurrell : love this game. that didn't happen since years. low number of ads. great repeatably. just a beautiful game.,1
sameel fayyaz : a fun mobile game not full or micro transactions,1
bob heckel : just pushed this game one step beyond perfect,1
faiz iman : genius! hope for more games like this. calming and adventurous at the same time!,1
zdenek vychodil : i love this game,1
sahil fs : its just beautiful,1
sulthan ibrahim : too addictive ..best game ever i have played.,1
michael moses : can't wait for the gear vr version.,1
amit seal ami : thank you. thank you. thank you!,1
jigar rajpura : the music does it.,1
unays sheikh : good game but don't really get the point of zen mode,1
paris murry : its so soothing i even fall asleep sometimes,1
matthew finn : so good with zen used to be three now its five,1
jimish shah : the game is good but i am really happy to watch sunset ingame!!,1
darmawan abdullah : last update,1
akash dutta : loved the zen mode <3,1
prakriti tiwari : this is an amazing game. if u like adventure games then this game is for you!!,1
blake houchens : i love this game. just relax and enjoy when you want.,1
saurabh singh : this game is not a game it's a smooth experience with class,1
danish javed : the graphics and minimalism are just awesome,1
the last of her kind : the zen mode and the peaceful flow of the mountains,1
hidayat khan : a perfect game with great graphics,1
dinesh loganathan : the game has simple controls,1
health tips : awesome game i love this game agood time pass,1
clem moore : there are no words. just breathtaking.,1
greg lauver : beautiful game with an enchanting soundtrack.,1
martin gordon : fantastically visual game. great fun.,1
ramiz arieff : most relaxing game i have played,1
bassam ma : one of the games i really love,1
will towers : favorite game i've played on my phone,1
tamo biswas : its just awesome,1
alif andriyanto achmad : fun cute game with tons of missions.,1
dio ng : nice graphics and simple way for playing.,1
a google user : from the graphics and music..now zen mode.. perfection..deserves a higher score!!,1
ao arashi : amazing graphics,1
ryan nicholas : really enjoy this game.,1
sagar smith : amazing game with amazing graphics ..,1
xxmlgthe masterboyxx : and can you add more tricks than bacflips?,1
michael jugan : is nice. and is good,1
suresh kumar : pls update the scate board also,1
mwaba mwandwe : it is lovely!!!!,1
craig bryce : too much fun.,1
mohamed mubarak : love to play ...,1
a google user : great game.,1
arjun prasath : pleasant to the eyes....,1
deepesh kapadia : enjoy playing this game,1
hunter bowles : seductively serene,1
anirban chakraborty : now how do i put 10 stars for this game?,1
denis deniska39 : cool,1
arefin islam sourav : addictive,1
dhaval thakar : loving it,1
aaron tadioan : cool,1
massimo panella : i love this game,1
eliza lmb : lovely graphics,1
robert bangcoro : this game features a diverse environment which caters an immersive gameplay. it may be perceived as confusing at first but it is guaranteed that users will enjoy. skiing down the mountain has never been this fun and as i catch llamas,1
alex lara : don't download this game it very addictive. and most likely associated with the canadian devil. he trying to take over the world l. and if you fall in his sin you be helping him destroy your planet. my nephew rumen his life. he used to get green every but a now he could only get yellow,1
samuel james : this is a very nice game. i love the art style and once you get the hang of it the challenges do become challenging. my only criticism is that the icon for the app doesn't make sense if he was doing a flip and going in that direction then he should be facing the other way.,1
peter jangula : this game is like other infinite runners,1
abhinav raj : it is a beautiful game and i simply loved it. recommended it to my friends too. but after the recent update,1
jay tadeo : the bug is when i want to close other apps using home button while im in-game the game does not recognise the tap in the screen so that i cant jump anymore even backflip. this must be fixed soon,0
joseph merola : this game is the quintessential side scrolling arcade time waster. the graphics are great,1
tom davey : this game is wonderful,1
david marr : i'm at level 32,1
dave mcnicol : update-you fixed the ads,0
brent naidoo : excellent & really addictive but there's a reason why i stopped at just 4 stars. the weather change in the background is a good idea but i can't see anything in the night & rain season. please fix this by either adding an illumination to the snowboarder or brightening the night season. fix that & this game is definitely 5 star material,0
paul dye : this game is extremely unique to its genre with smooth graphics and zenful music. the game is full of little details like time lapse and weather changes which create a more engaging experience. additional modes of game play would boost this to five stars. after completing all 50 challenges ive realized there's absolutely no point in collecting carribu. now 3 stars.,1
ella broughton : ending the game after only 6 levels is kind of boring. an idea could be that you add more levels and that when you complete one you get another elder,1
nicholas rider : i would give this a 5 star,1
asish thapa : its not much adventurous as it sounds. it has only one back flip. should have been more front flip,0
nabil wadi : after a long time i have played something really good. graphics is awesome,0
anam khan : i don't know when it happened. i only came to recognise this after a couple of months of abandoning the game then playing it again. last month was a personal disaster and i blame my lost mind. i traced back trying to find the reason of my change in behaviour pattern until today. i realised this game has become a channel to keep my focus sharp. it is not tough so i can play long. it has a pleasant environment. and playing this for some time before bed maintained my brain waves. fact proven.,0
birdy bird : today i beat my high score of 17.5k and watched a video to continue. the screen went blurry and i lost all progress on that run,1
anthonius y. : addictive and mersmerizing. but there is a minor glitch when the player was diving too fast and hits the ground while switching to the flying suit. it enters the ground and got stuck (the meter stops) after unequiping but the game does not end (the player is stuck),0
andrew waldroup : this game had been a constant bored at work kinda game,1
jon alder : rocks are impossible to avoid at the higher speeds. you can't jump over them when they are in a row,0
naser fares : the game is absolutely gorgeous and addictive. but it's poorly optimized for android. i have both galaxy s6 & s7 edge and the game starts fine,1
chris tyler : fun and relaxing and exciting. funny thing happened the other day though. i was going down a hill,1
jose martinez : this is a simple yet gorgeous game the sound and music is on point. the game shows its true beauty at night. the major issue is the rocks. you don't know how many times i had to restart because of the rocks. there not noticeable,0
james borg : awesome game with a simple graphics style that provides a lot of environmental atmosphere. needs extra features like dynamic physics,0
o1 : i normally do not review apps,1
sir weaz second of his name : saved the game on my s6 edge. downloaded the app onto my s7 edge but the saved game does not load. there's no option to sign into play games upon initial boot. the game description inside play games doesn't have cloud saves listed so i'm thinking this feature is broken at the moment.,1
taylor steinmetz : very amazing graphics matched with beautiful sound but a thing i would like to suggest is maybe a button that allows you to only play during the day,0
matt clark : i was quite far through the game,1
a google user : excellent game... i think people those are complaining about insufficient tutorials are too lazy to find those tricks by themselves. my only complaint is the lack of option to stop auto changing whether.. please add it ...plz,0
pedro martins : it has no bugs,1
umang shukla : really great effort from developer. with minimalistic and awesome graphics,1
benoit hogue : i don't typically enjoy endless runners,1
rasmus schler srensen : since there is no way to see sufficiently far ahead,1
vinayak nair : this game has no complex plots or controls,1
josef haas : i love this game and played it incessantly. got to level 51 and my phone broke. it now syncs my scores and achievements,1
matthew quarles : loved concept at first but execution is so bad it became infuriating. i'm talking about ads. none in sight until you crash,0
hb : over the last few days there's been a bug where i'll play and die,0
jeshua jacobo : i absolutely love this game. the gameplay is great,1
kyle : my character would sometimes fall from a great distance and clip through the ground and die. if my character would land on a power up,0
kason irvin : i use to play this game a lot. it was super fun and seemingly flawless. but,1
mj's two cents : alto's adventure may seem simple at the start or you may confuse it for another running game. but believe me,1
a g : the game is beautiful. i would like it better if: 1. there was a way to speed up; it's too difficult to make jumps over chasms or to outrun the scary dude with a whip 2. there was more of a tutorial or a way to practice. i couldn't make the chasm jump in the tutorial and couldn't figure out what i was doing wrong. i almost gave up on the game but then i made it,0
a google user : this game is wow in every sense. from the setting,1
m o : with very simple controls,1
levon arabian : one of the best games i have ever played. the scenery and the games design as a whole is fantastic. i can't stress enough how breathtaking this game really is. the gameplay is smooth and a fun/addicting experience without the rage. all things considered it is amazing how great this game is and how a tranquil game like this one remains free. alto's adventure,1
kyle clark : rocks too small to see. runs over too quick. slow to earn enough coins to continue run. jumps too touchy and skiier falls at the slightest tilt in axis. crap game all round. and no,0
rickandelon : please make the visibility of rocks better in next update,1
james prewitt : the game is spot on. the art style is beautiful,1
cakepoprock : i love the music and the rain is the best part! every time i use headphones and rain comes on,1
daniel hughes : addicting,1
michael hislop : brilliant game,1
chris m : fun game,1
richard robertson : i paid the 3.10 or whatever it was for the coin doubler. because it's such a big amount,1
nicholas reynolds : i always like to have a bunch of puzzle/strategy games with a couple arcady games for when i don't want to think. i downloaded because it looked like the kind of arcady game i wanted. it was more than i hoped for,1
daniel janssen : this used to be a fantastic game until ads started popping up while you were playing.... ads that don't pause the game causing your run to fail. "play our other games!". well a good way to cause me to never do that is to force a fail so you can attempt to shove a sale down my throat.,1
carl h : game is fun...but it's unbelievably annoying to be prompted to sign up to google play games every single time it opens,1
vikrant nandrekar : the game has everything a successful game needs to have. a beautiful game level design,1
christine schultz degama : great atmosphere created with cleverly simple graphics and a pitch perfect soundtrack. with zero lag,1
a google user : excellent game,1
k lahtinen : runs commonly end because of a lag spike just before a rock or a chasm. i would like to see more stuff to purchase with coins. the things available now feel very underwhelming. also,1
jeremy hughes : i have a big problem watching videos and reviving my player,1
loken gubhaju : it should have the shadow tutorial for complex missions like: landing proximity backflip,1
rei young : alto's adventure is a beautiful symbiotic medley of gameplay,1
spacemoose : endless fun,1
thishen packirisamy : alto is a foremost example of realism in intra-personal relationships. throughout the adventure ones ideals are questioned and forcefully put to the metre. like a balloon the entertainment value of this games rests on a 3 legged milking stool. and like stool i would rather not eat it,1
eli kacal : i can barely play this game outside of my house because the night cycle makes things too dark to see! even with my brightness turned all the way up i cannot see a thing while i'm outside. i would appreciate it if this was fixed. other than that,0
a google user : this game is awesome. it's very entertaining and i love the visuals. the only thing that i don't like,1
swamy g : let's put it simply. i don't review games. this is just magnificent work done by the developers so credit to them. i find myself sucked in,1
mac kincaid : absolutely love this game,1
alexander aguilar : at first i thought it was going to be one of those boring endless runners. here you don't even run. you play as alto,0
p c : alto's adventure is a pleasant spiritual successor to the skifree game on my first pc in the days of windows 3.1. skifree was a refreshing interlude among the likes of doom & wolfenstein3d while alto provides the same from the more complex time sinks of today. simple yet seamless graphics & gameplay in a visually relaxed & pleasing environment where you can spend 5 minutes or a half hour w/ ease...all the while wondering if an abominable snow monster is going to show up to eat you.,1
scott springer : now don't get me wrong,1
shishir singh : its one of those games who got rave reviews for looks but lack the core gameplay. variety is non existent like there was in despicable me:minion rush or even jetpack joyride. the biggest problem is that this game isn't tested properly. time cycles between day and night and in night you can't see obstacles especially if you are in a forest. they wanted to focus on looks instead of gameplay and while it got good reviews i must say it is one of the worst editor's choice app on play store.,1
jared hayden : great game. keep it up. now onto what you need to fix. first off,1
mergedpotato : i initially downloaded this game because i thought the screenshots looked nice,1
a google user : it seems like it's just a score-attack game & not an actual 'adventure.' also wish there was a way to buy coins for those who don't want to watch ads to gain more. but still a fun game so it deserves 5 stars,0
bandupurnate : why put so much effort into making this such a beautiful game and not offer the ability to turn off ads?! it boggles the mind. i bought the 'coin doubler' thinking,0
a lex : i like the game a lot. it is so beautiful to look at and the music in the game is pretty awesome. and i like these kind of games,1
lewis meyer : the game is fun. in order for me to keep playing,1
julio moreno : i have an issue with this game...no matter how many llamas i catch they never stop! i hate to break it to you folks but when they send us their llamas they're not sending their best. they're sending llamas that have lots of problems and they're bringing those problems with us. they're bringing drugs. they're bringing crime. they're pests and some,0
harith dinie : i love this game. the idea is so simple yet innovative. however,1
benito valenzuela : very simple and elegant,1
lunch money : start of by saying great game. gameplay,1
alla gadassik : why aren't more mobile game developers designing games this smartly?! it's relaxing to glide through the snowy landscapes in the game,1
rohan talwar : loved the game a lot a lot a lot,1
emmett byrne : this game has an absolutely amazing aesthetic however the gameplay is certainly lacking. a lot of things in this game do not make sense to me from a design perspective,1
yosua abraham : the scenery & music in the game is strangely nostalgic,1
har ish : nights are very dark. you need to turn on full brightness. also am in level 9 and it's easy beeze.. need some more challenge. we can just do backflip,1
kev dev : you need to rely on a lot of luck to win levels. which isnt all that bad,0
j mula : ads. after the latest update,0
gregory somers : at 1st it can be tough,1
nathan cunningham : this typically isn't my genre but this little game looks great on my nexus 9 and is fun. the backgrounds look great and the mechanics are simple and hard,1
andrew millar : the tooltips during the tutorial were fine,1
abdul shahid : i am in love with this game. you just need to download it once and you can enjoy this all the time. the most wonderful thing is,1
carolina : love everything about the game,1
ryan barrell : this game is great! really fun,1
daniel ml : edit: ads have been gone for weeks,0
alicia mallahan : i love this game. i have one thing that i would like to see changed. please make it so that we can increase the stats on our players. i would rather play as maya than izel,1
chris anthony : it's fun and good for killing time. the objectives help keep it fun. edit: crash and tap video to extend your session. black screen. ads come up while you're playing on top of your character. also can't seem to figure out how to exit the game. only use home button? and i just fell through the ground.,0
bohan,1
shayan mukherjee : don't think twice if u still haven't found a nice game. just download,1
t pench0 : this game is truly a masterpiece. it has simple controls and amazing artwork. provided me with hours of entertainment after my internet went down for 4 days. i only wish that there were some more game modes but other than that i can't complain.,0
benjamin morris : beautiful,1
david fonseca : this game is a bundle of contradictions. beautiful soothing graphics and sound,1
tristan ivan rhy atienza : wonderful! amazing! superb! those are the 3 words i can describe this game. so let me first start it off with that the whole game itself is aesthetically pleasing from the animations ( i really love the details espcially the time zone in the game which is trully mesmerizing ) up until the music which is soothing by the way. the second one is that the controls isn't that very hard,1
bobby absher : this ranks as one of the very few games on mobile that i would consider a full blown experience. beautiful,1
diae : it runs smoothly and the graphics are just phenomenal! and man,1
denton s : looks good yes,1
neon : this game is so much fun and amazing. not only did the creator focus on the fun aspects of the game he also focused on the landscape. that is probably my favorite part. just watching the days and nights cycle through and watching the rain and snow. anyways great job creating this wonderfully put together game,0
a google user : the levels should automatically update while playing a endless run . since we need to get crash landing or to end the current run to get the level update.. it's like kind of weird game feature. this not looks like generic game feature. noodlecake,0
matthew kee : i've never been so happy with a game before and this is definitely one game for you to play. lovely graphics. i wish we could select the game mode like choosing the time,1
judgemental budgie : this is one of the most amazing games i've played this year. graphics are beautiful and the animation is quite detailed. gameplay is easy and relaxing but can be challenging at times. i highly recommend.,1
e. jonathan hardy : really clean layout and addicting. characters are neat and the overall style stands out. only issue is the audio started cutting out recently. galaxy s2 9.7.,1
kevin mclean : simple,1
faris rahman : even though the game is not soo interesting. interface is great and i appreciate it. good work. feels smooth. try to add a little more beat music to the ingame,1
josiah mccoy : the game is super addicting,1
alexandre foucault : extreme road trip 2 is more fun cuz you can do different flips and slam. if it was easier to turn and do more controls it would be more fun.,1
neil christianson : gorgeous game,1
paul summerfield : this by far is one of my favorite mobile phone games ever. definitely many hours of enjoyment await you! update: finished all the goals and want more. please devs make a new mountain with new goals. also,1
niklous mikaelson : this is the game that has everything so far for me...i will strongly recommend it to my friends...truly speaking rain is the best part,1
dreenkolor 91 : nice game,1
jeff walker : love it. can't stop playing it. the feel of the environment is breathtaking,1
kenan dutchman : amazing game. love the music quite calm and the art style is amazing overall love it one thing that i will be even more happy if you fix the revive buttons i can't watch an add to revive my self but overall amazing game. keep up the good work!!,1
salman halim : i like this game; great music that compliments game theme and graphics. just my two cents; i don't like the game icon. icon appears like a witch is flying at night. please update the icon that reflects the essence of game.,1
sandeep singh : need a 5 star,1
brendon packer : this game is absolutely beautiful,1
a google user : very good game,1
jem : excellent fun. although,1
aoife wright : the graphics are beautiful and the concept is addictive but when it turns to night,1
a google user : this is the perfect game for a phone. simple yet challenging. the objectives are fun,1
swaroop singh deval : reasons: 1) small in size and consumes less ram. because of this,1
wasif haque : beautifully designed visuals with great attention to detail and a very soothing soundtrack makes for a wonderful experience that is alto's adventure!,1
bill branan : simple to learn,1
kyrupt : this game has turned my life around,1
ofycie the : i don't understand how it got this popularity it's extremely hard to play with that very small shape and jumping is slow the graphics is good,1
shiva argula : i wish there was some way to keep your rock smash boost while in wingsuit form. sometimes i switch to wingsuit and i'm still thinking i'm invincible then i hit a rock and i'm dead. the invincibility should carry over like it does while you're in the air. also ramps are really buggy when you land on them at the edge. sometimes you lose your speed entirely for a second or so,0
gabriel risco : it was a great game. i had almost all characters but after i made the last update i was back to level 1. so time to uninstall...,0
milan ivanovic : excellent game to kill time with. also developers are not doing everything they can to grab money out of your pocket,1
nirban debbarma : thanks for making such an awesome game. the visuals and the background audio score is excellent. weather effects with themed backgrounds make it more beautiful. *one request,1
muhammad firdaus abd halim : great games to wash off my spare time. i'm wondering,1
neander de oliveira : i love this game. i love how it pushes you to go farther each time. i would love to see some level and character updates in the future. my only complaint is that it lags at times on my note 5 :-s,0
lskd : could you please lower the prices :d ,1
joey newcomb : multiplayer would be really awesome. i haven't checked the tecent update as of writing this,1
cheryl love : every time i click on install the play store crashes. please help,1
henry ha : love this game. but i changed my phone few days ago and when i downloaded this game,1
ananta pratama : it's simple offline game but really entertaining.. cool and awesome movement combination,1
tony chan : nice graphics,1
joe : brilliant game. the visual style is amazing and the music fits the game great. my only faults are that it gets to dark at night and that it will turn off the screen after about 15-20 seconds of not touching it.,0
cahyadhi prayogo : this game is pretty simple,1
jacob joseph : i think with more tricks in this game bedsides hitting backflips would make the adventure of this game with alto. more funner than it is. u guys should really work on that .,1
justin & melissa robertson : this a very excellent game. it is worth getting. the game is very high in quality and never lags. also is a great time killer and a all around good game,1
srisri satish kartik : i really loved the game. visuals are outstanding. music is so nice. i l like the way how the days time change. but nighttime is a little bit difficult,1
tobias wesseler : seems like there is a heavy game breaking bug. - using android 5.0.1. screen just goes dark after a few seconds of not touching.,0
jakub adamcik : for the love of god,1
mugen mugay : great game elements and mechanics provided! i didn't know we could unlock more characters after reaching level 10. it gets more exciting after that as i feel the urge to unlock every one of it. i love that it has various missions each level. that's why it is never boring!,0
j. dau : the soundtrack alone is wonderful. add the seemingly simplistic game style and this is definitely a game that you could play on a work break or spend an evening trying to get as far as possible. added zen mode,0
devin conradie : beautiful game,1
kaloyan dzhamdzhiev : really eases the dry season for me :d the game has a great feel when you play it. i love the challenges so far. i would suggest to add more tricks. those backflips are a bit boring after a while. thanks for the great app! cheers :p,1
memorii. : i have been playing this a long time and i love it but pls fix when getting the power ups it doesnt activate. you just ride past it i dunno maybe because i've been playing this a long time and also the nighttime too dark. thank you for this game and pls fix!,0
diego duarte : the game looks gorgeous and is fun,1
feels good man : too dark at night time in game,1
dena goretoy : maybe it's the recent update but for some reason,1
sean benoit : this game is an awesome snowboarding game but one thing is that things weren't descriptive. i didn't know that those men on horses were elders,1
ernest louis : the game is nice and also has a save point so i decided to save it to google so i can uninstall and find more games. after installing the game for the 2nd time,1
satish rawat : game is awesome with its simple looking scenery and the concept of the day and night snow fall and rain,1
tom lynch : this game is fantastic. i'm going after the final achievements and i still play it a ton. really the best graphics and smooth play on a phone i've seen.,1
zombianca : this game is so simple and sort of boring that it really should not be as fun as it is. but oh my god,1
kingsley oyiogu : the ui is really nice and it's sorta like ski safari. too many distractions make it hard to notice the rocks though,1
kyle virtucio : best breath taking environment,1
anthony b. ano : after playing stressful fps & rpg games,1
yee-lum mak : i can't for the life of me jump well enough to get past the third level,1
israel monroy : i hate when it gets dark,1
desirae h : love this game i'm so addicted. it's a great endless runner just a snowboarding version but with some additional features like ur wingsuit and different characters with different abilities. lots of fun and a great time killer,1
robert lunsford : rocks are more annoying than challenging especially at night where they dissappear in the background. why do you come to a near stop when jumping crevases? why can't you use coins to upgrade your snowboard for better speed or tricks? the jump action is buggy,0
darkstar : i downloaded this game 2 hrs ago now i am a super fan of this game. i like it's sound,1
iloti mutoka : the way the game has to restart each time i switch apps is really annoying. i tried downloading apps that stops this but nada. settings on phone,0
austin grover : graphics are stunning. unlockable characters with different traits is super appealing. missions are fun yet challenging. a bonus is its not pay to win .,1
jesse v : kudos to the art and design. feel 'adventure' is a bit of a misnomer,1
a google user : absolutely stunning game with very nicely done monetisation. great game for kids as it's very simple to start playing. me and my five year old love playing this.,1
padi engel : the graphics,1
emmanuel antony : it is a very nice and addictive game. the restart bug is fixed after i updated my phone to marshmallow. nice graphics. the graphics can get a bit laggy some times. otherwise it is a good game.,0
brennan watts : the game is very responsive,1
sam opp : the ads that you can choose to play to keep going no longer work. which is something you don't find out until you get out of the ad and you're at the stat screen.,0
prakriti bhatt : i absolutely love the graphics,1
jesse guerrero : very fun but it didn't save my progress to google games like many other apps do. after getting a new phone i had to start over and that wasn't fun. ended up uninstalling,0
rami chamass : addictive time killer but stopped working after last update,0
michael dinglasan : just a beautiful game. love the way the environment changes and the day/night cycles. controls very nicely too.,1
dominzs : i play this game every night before sleep and work,1
autumn w : love how indielike the game is. only thing is idk how to get past that guy that runs after you,1
kosh sergani : its annoying that the screen go off if i never touched the screen.,0
marnus van zyl : play this about everyday for the past two weeks. really fun,1
gunbileg nyamdorj : this is a great game. best graphic. my only complaint is that i wish it had forward flipping option. but still the best game i found so far,1
a google user : superb visuals and sound effects. brilliant gameplay which is both simple and challenging at the same time. makes you wanna keep sliding down the mountain.,1
a google user : amazing game sometimes i cant stop playing it. graphics are stunning and the sound is awesome but i think it would be great to be able to set the weather and time of day you want. oh and add snowing pls.,0
jester mig valencia : good but i hate it when it's dark. i cant see the obstacles. and the elder catches up too fast,1
alex kong : you ski through some beautiful environment. i love how the day and night changes as you progress. it's a serene and relaxing gaming experience.,1
bleble blublu : i hate it bacause whne i was palying hardly and suddently came a rock and all is gone.besides,1
a google user : beautifully made game. love playing it,1
nur fatharani : tbh at first i downloaded it just because of the name,1
chauncy bernard : awsome gameplay,1
brent : i really think this is the greatest of mobile gaming right now,1
gilbert bautista : thus is the best looking game i have ever seen,1
raman sharma : one of best endless game and graphics are too good. even very less game play elements but the game is very well implemented and gorgeously presented. thanks for developers for such a lovely game. hoping to get new things in upcoming updates.,1
rishabh : good work devlopers,1
indru maiorescu : crashes when signing in to google play. also the night levels are very hard to see in,0
michael bennett : problems with watching ads for revives,0
richard reynolds : some of the challenges are quite hard but being able to pass them using in game coins is great. thanks for making such an enjoyable game.,1
darcie : this game is so fun and pretty. i can waste hours on it and sometimes the graphics leave me near breathless.,1
christian pratama : relax and smooth sensation when play it. thunder sound is really realistic,1
arshad hameed : i would like to give 5 stars for the game.fix the issue with the touch response. i have to restart the game to play again. loved the graphics,0
gergely toth : i like the game very much,1
shantanu tonde : in that version show blood and broken limbs when player crashes and may be you can show some monsters instead of the elder or the rocks. you can integrate it in the same game too. just give an option in settings to choose between vanilla and gore version.,0
mothusi lehata : the game hooks you from the word go. short achievements which always give a sense of satisfaction. whenever you unlock a new carecter it changes the game. well done guys.,1
idrees qureshi : every time i try to sign into google it keeps on going back to home screen plz fix and i will rate 4-5 stars,0
shreyas tripathy : the game in itself is pretty nice but the music and the graphics are extraordinary! i love it when developers focus on the feel of the app rather than cold functionality.,1
anthony evans : rocks are unavoidable,1
joseph chou : having problems using the 'watch video' option to continue. often nothing happens after i press it or i have to watch multiple ads just to continue.,0
mohit mayank : one of the few endless runners which doesn't become monotonous just after a couple of games. plus,0
jaylen : this game has really good graphics it is sometimes hard but it's a really fun the music is so beautiful that's my favorite part of the game,1
a google user : this game is fun to play and it's cool to look at all the little details in the game. i love how the day time nd weather change too. simplicity of it is awesome too. very fun!,1
christopher degama : this is one heck of a fun game. so simple,1
ashish singh : with the recent update,1
tropicana orange juice : i downloaded the app,1
eric thomas : about 50/50 chance that clicking on an ad to revive will either crash the game or send you back to the main menu anyway. otherwise great game.,1
annisa hanifa : i rarely to comment for games but now here i am . this game is so simple yet so addicting . the main reason may be the animation and graphic because it's so smooth and cute and dream like . only one problem when in night cycle it's harder to play because i never see the rock is coming but maybe it's just part of the game still fun tho !,1
mohit goyal : while playing if i don't touch the screen then mobile goes to sleep.. so please fix the screen timeout problem while playing this game,0
david caitens : twice now i've lost all progress with no way to recover. you use google play games already why not use the cloud saving feature. losing progress with no way to recover it is frustrating and makes me not want to play.,0
michaela nilsson : i used to play ski safari a lot. but this one is really well made. the graphics and sound are fantastic. crisp and smooth gameplay,1
turbo killer : amazing,1
jonathan wise : the day/night cycle makes this game fun half the time. its way too dark at night and i just stop playing.,1
hans van strydonck : really great game,1
mukul abdagiri : good graphics and fun gameplay. but same music every run makes it boring...need variations. also that fat sluggish player at number 3 should come earlier than the slim fast player which you typically 'earn' as you progress.,0
#entertainment world : i like the game soooo much.but the problem is that in dark we cant see any stone or rubbish.please make a improve that infrared mode in game or highlight the rubish in the way...thanx alot,0
benjamin hage : love it period. but i do have to point out that alto can only do back flips so why is he doing a back flip and landing switch on the shortcut pic. just saying....,1
firdaus taher : while on the smow lag happen. once i jump everything go smooth for a while and lag haapen again on the snow. i own 3gb device. please fix it.,1
kilo x silencer : i remember when it first launched and it was the first 2d game done on this scale. it's just gorgeous and the environment is pretty,1
steven byrne : a game where either ull be watching commercials any time u fail or spending money..both suck when ur playing an otherwise cool game where ur speeding down a mountain dying alot. u can play again for nothing but u start back at beginning.,1
blossy blos : beautiful,1
josh mehler : there's a game exactly like this on iphone but it has more features. this might get there,1
steve paddock : randomly generates the slope ahead,1
siddharth mehta : i have just purchased a new phone and sooner i have installed the game on that phone,1
flamur sahiti : the "watch a video to earn 500 coins" is driving me crazy ..i have to restart the game several times and try several times to get a video played..,1
manas dhanait : cooool the best adventure game ever.i love the graphics.they are excellent when there is a sudden change in the atmosphere.the small triangular mountains are real fun to watch and the backflip is the best part.best gameplay ever.love this game and noodlecake studios.waiting for more such games,1
a google user : it lags horribly in the very beginning of a run on my nexus 9. i don't see the same issue on my nexus 4.,0
johan butenschn skre : great graphics and nice physics. the controls are very simple,0
felipe cochi : a very simple idea,1
simon diamond : i don't get the fuss about this game. yes,1
silent asylum : at first it took me back to home screen . after a couple tries it worked great graphics and nice and easy challenges,1
amrit bhatia : only good scenery doesn't makes the game fun. there's no button to jump higher. it flips lazily.. and i can not defend my player from the horse rider. uninstaling right now,1
eugene mollentze : a good game to pass some time. nice music and fun. could add more stages or maybe powers to be bought using point. or even new gear. but all in all a good and fun little game,1
amos lee : great game. love it. one small glitch that i keep experiencing is that sometimes when i begin a run,1
emily buchert : i'm still addicted to it and it's been weeks. i love this game. 10/10. they mix it up every go,1
thomas orrock : i'd like the option to pay for an ad-free version of this game.,1
charis marangos : nice looking game,1
mohammed akram : easy to play,1
a google user : amazing game with even more amazing graphics. this game deserves the editors choice! thanks noodlecake studios for making it free.,1
denny thomas : oh my god!! i love this game. while downloading,1
joshua hall : this game is just about perfect. the only thing i dislike is the hover tool. it is beyond frustrating,1
anita banis : the graphics is good and also liked the day and night thing....but some minor glitches other than that it is great,1
patrick winkler : the software update just pushed through is causing phones auto rotate to go crazy.,0
a google user : the game looks fun and is very nicely presented but i played for twenty seconds then had to either pay with coins which i didn't have or watch a loud,0
adam gaudet : it's an amazing game with stunning graphics and makes you feel like your on the cold mountainside,1
arapeles syron : the game is good and addictive also the graphics is cool,1
monica sanchez : the llamas are cute,1
it's_zo : i really like the weather changing thing and its not laggy too :),1
pratik jain : ok so now suddenly after playing this game for so many months i dislike it because it happens quite a few times that while i am near a chasm my speed decreases drastically and thus i am unable to make the jump. please fix this issue fast,0
rondeau hall : lots of fun. simple. achievable goals. doesn't press you to buy things. adds aren't intrusive. could improve on the overall plot and maybe bring more story into it. thank you for this game.,1
manish suvedi : this game has some very amazing visuals details and sounds,1
seontonppa : the game can be sometimes too dark,1
nicholas levi : i fell in love with it this game speaks to me... the music the player the challenges ... i love playing it while i'm high,1
brianna : love it! it'd be awesome if they made more games like this. and be advised,1
arvind yadav : what does proximity wingsuit fly mean. how do we perform this task. anyone. pls provide some hint on this,1
toni mancheski : great design and graphics,1
fiona jahan : with this music playing,1
mishayne farnsworth : right after i did the latest update,0
mick grealy : fantastic game. i have nearly 100% all achievements and have to say it's one of the best mobile games i've played,1
that volvo guy : simple controls very colorful day and night durations and i love the animations. one of the best by far! multiplayer would be a nice touch tho,1
mrutyunjaya jena : the game is entertaining. graphics is also cool. the only annoying thing is the ads that come. there is no way to get past it. will give it a 5 star if it get fixed.,0
giri septiaji : i love thia game,1
jed aureus gonzales : amazing visuals and innovative gameplay. it does more with less. however,1
malik : this game is done very well,1
travis wilson : it's a beautiful game,1
mark julius fajardo : this is the most beautiful game so far,1
stephen : both compliments each other. i don't like endless runners but this game made me play for at least 20 mins a day. 5/5,0
h f : nice but night is way too dark,1
vedank bhatnagar : i so love this game. great music and gameplay. if someone ask me what is the best game in playstore,1
vinayak : this game is so awesome and very addictive. i've played all day. but. the objectives they're asking in some levels is too hard to handle some times and women characters are able to backflip twice than male. howz that....,0
vineet gupta : i recently downloaded the game and it has already become my all tym favorite game. i am about to complete the game but i will reinstall it and play it again and again.hats off to the makers of this game,0
angelita serrano : really love the visuals and the addictiveness of this game. it's simply but so pleasing to look at and easy to enjoy,1
parker theisen : you would think that riding down an extreme mountain while doing backflips with llamas wouldn't make for a fun game. oh wait,1
vivek raju : one of the best and simplest games! nowadays most games try to look cool by adding many levels of sophistication and its getting redundant. alto is unique in that way.,1
rongmi terang : good game play,1
erin smith : this game is pretty much perfect,1
clash of plans -aa : why does this troubles with touch. after playing like 4 rounds i try to jump and it doesn't work,0
saurabh chaudhary : it's still faulty there is no tutorial about jumping over caves. and there is no trick to speed up your self.. that can help to jump long.,0
hasegawa taizou : an issue hope alto developers team to fix,1
a google user : i absolutely love it,1
faikar razzaq : simple yet addictive game that wouldn't grab your focus on task. no bullshit iap's system to progress.,1
akshay lakkundi : was searching for some games that weren't too difficult nor too easy,1
kevin peter : this is one of the best endless runner games out there as of now. the graphics of this game are very pleasing to the eye. the scenery,1
nik fahmi : i've my phone reformatted,1
andrew : this is an incredible game! very addictive despite the simple nature of the game. it feels like you are skiing through a child's picture book.,1
no body : the game is beautiful,1
darwin : it's super dark in the night and why does the wingsuit cost so much money ......its not that easy to get coins you know,1
asmita sharma : game is good but the levels go quite hard to finish....great game to play for free,1
ceallach : the game play is fun and well generated. the music is very melodic and relaxing. the graphics are truly excellent. the game just looks fantastic,1
nick great : this game is amazing and can't stop playing,1
kuroh nuinui : the game is fun especially the art although the one thing i hate most is no matter how fast you are the elder can catch you...,1
joel smedley : the gameplay is okay,1
thor dovahkiin : i absolutely love this game. it's beautiful and smooth. it's simple controls make it great for wasting time. 5 stars,1
sir cumsized : the music while we are skating,1
nick smith : this game is amazingly decent and makes me feel so relaxed everytime i play this game. this game will surely lighten up anyone's mood without any hyperactive graphics and aggressive game play.,1
a google user : great visuals and fun game but a few glitches and short comings prevent it from being 5 stars. the game lags and stutters a fair bit which becomes especially evident as you continue playing. occasionally it will also stop picking up taps on the screen in order to make the characters jump. secondly,0
ghanendra singh : with beautiful visuals and nice music,1
eureze : i love the graphic,1
mary margaret healy : i love this game and play it obsessively,1
gamith silva : been playing it for a few weeks now and it works without any glitches. the artwork is spectacularly beautiful and so is the in game music and sounds. 10/10,0
marcos pereira : at first i thought it was just another snowboarding game but the gameplay and graphics make you addicted. great game!,1
josiah stewart : my only problem with this is its slight lack of responsiveness. sometimes the avatar doesn't jump exactly when you tap the screen.,0
rafi abbel : alot like ski safari,1
joe jackson : the art style is flawess and pleasant everytime. chasing lamas never gets old. the music and atmosphere is so relaxing. this game is excellent. the only improvement that could be made is more power ups and different maps,1
muhammed shamaz p : loved everything,1
clive gorman : your enjoyment of the game is seriously curtailed by the persistent ads.,1
chris stone : adverts are not forced on you every other materials minute and for a free game,1
sruti prathivadhi : great graphics,1
jaco bronkhorst : basically a snowboarding platformer game inspired heavily by temple run's progression style,1
kestrel 2044 : the game it self is beautiful but just one thing the motherf***ing elders,1
raghukiran batchu : this game have best graphics and awesome scenery's but no new vehicles or costumes it has less powerups feels like a routine game plz add new upgrades to game,1
fayez malik : this has to be one or the best games i've ever played on my phone. the graphics are seamless and the idea is brilliant. plus the controls are so simple,0
itachi uchiha : i realy love this game is soo relaxfull it's make me feel like i am skiting in the alpes mountains of switzerland and the weather soo relaxfull and the music too irealy like this game it's make soo happy thank you noodlecake studios inc,1
ziaul haque : i don't play a lot of games. but this game is really really addictive. it's stealing my time -_-,1
somdeepa das : i am addicted to this game! love the concept,1
isaac ambs : this game is simply beautiful the music and the overall art of the game is stunning the best in my opinion of any phone app i've seen. to add to this the game is also very fun and enjoyable to play.,1
david : thoroughly enjoyed playing this. alto's adventure is like an updated better programmed and beautiful version of those classic online flash games. great atmosphere,1
brendan fernandes : one of the best endless run games i've ever played. nice graphics,1
jennifer decuir : out on the first chasm. when i fell in,1
haroon fareed : one of best games i have ever played. please add a multiplayer option in the game so that many friends race together.,1
screenname : pros-great music fun interesting game play good aesthetic cons feather feels unnatural and weird,1
daniel rowe : a visually stunning game with an awesome soundtrack as well. gameplay is simplistic but effective,1
simon hill : great game until it updated and wiped my save data! thought i could get the game save back through signing into google play again but still no joy.,1
winter r : love this game's graphics and music. the whole thing is just a treat for the senses,1
roman iakoubtchik : i reinstalled the game on a new phone,1
mohamed hussain : feel like always playing and also love the background. it is like 24 hour view. with thunderstorm and winterstorm.,1
edsel padit : great game this is the best skate game ive ever played and please add some cool staffs like colors in skate and new place thats all. :),1
joshua velarde : this game makes me calm when i'm frustrated at some point. great game. :),1
jonah james : this is my all time favorite app! it honestly never gets old even though the concept is simple. it's so relaxing and beautiful and the design is just fantastic. it has a very night vale-esque feel to it that i just absolutely love. am looking forward to seeing more games in this style!,1
lux support : the graphics,1
the lightskin living lavish : one of my favorite offline games ever. its the best no doubt about it. i just wish there was a little more,1
alaukik rajpoot : why suggesting again again when i am already playing it 5th time. suggestions and notes are meant to appear maximum 3 times,0
peter dinklage : hey noodlecake you made a great game this is my favorite one you've made by far you should make more like it keep up the great work,0
joseph giordano : the first time i played this game it was on an ipad pro. this game works just as well on my nexus and,1
a google user : graphics make it difficult to identify anything. ui guy has spoiled the a great game,1
imegi matthias : graphics really cool,1
snae : i only needed a day to notice the beauty of the simplicity of the design and goals of the game. it is truly one of the best momentum based games i have and will ever play. thank you.,0
moonbrew : great art style and menus. it is challenging. it has more content that i expected for this type of game. also very relaxing.,1
khaled ben mustapha : the double coin bonus is only purchasable via real money only it's a shame! never play that game again,1
alex shimla : very addictive game with soothing music. every time i am free even for 5 min i take out my cell phone n start playing it. 5 star to the creators of game,1
kusaduck : you can play this game if you're bored. pretty fun game,1
checho matiz : long time not enjoying a game so much,1
gazi md. redwan : this is one of the best games i have ever played,1
syed zain mehmood bukhari : its just a great game. i just need one finger to tap and play unlike using both of your hands as you are fighting a war.,0
sanford mascarenhas : can't say it's a addictive game,1
nirmal kumar : it's very good game i have ever played... so addictive and its has so much of challenging tasks to complete.,1
javier cuevas : the only reason why i'm not giving this five stars is because sometimes when i'm going to get a magnet or a llama horn,0
a google user : addictive though very calm. you can't get bored with it. most importantly is the background sound which really feels the beautiful and suits to alto's atmosphere.,1
yash parmar : great graphics,1
bill mallon : elegant graphics but overall presentation is dull. very repetitive. requires too much nuance for touch screen controls making for very clumsy game play.,0
michael jimenez : the game is minimalistic and clean. scenery is always a little different. love the music and concept. the ads are also well done and not overbearing.,1
kazeblue : very well done and put together! love the graphics and effects. the art style as well is beautiful. the music is very pretty too and goes well with the theme of the game. nicely done.^.^,1
bruno garcia : a very inspired creation. could use a little bit more story,1
ariel garcia : i can just lay back and calm down whenever im playing this game,1
rebecca jones : very fun game,1
ryan blood : this game is so simple yet complex combined with beautiful artwork and perfectly fitting music. it takes me back to my childhood sitting inside on a cold snowy day!,1
billiam esquire : alto is a perfect example of how a wonderful art style and beautiful music can make a good game great. it plays smoothly,1
lorenzo martinez : great game and beutiful music,1
matthew mccune : this game is absolutely stunning and amazingly easy to learn. not only that,1
ude okoro : this game is awesome! can't wait to see the new update for zen mode and photo mode,1
chase willden : whoever were the programmers for this app did an exceptional job. the graphics are smooth and impressive,1
vasu c : i have completed all the 60 levels in the game. are you adding additional levels are not.i am eagerly waiting.thankyou,1
keyur thakar : must install....best time pass and relaxing one. music and graphics are also awesome. most important thing is no any annoying advertisement.,0
giselle dediego : would love to see different versions. like skateboarding or surfing! very cool graphics and i love the day/night cycle.,1
david berger : great game,1
pratheerth padman : deserves every one of these 5 stars. utterly gorgeous scenery and good music to boot.,1
belladonnichazeyjane : i find it so relaxing to play and the graphics are beautiful really. as simple or as challenging as you want it to be. one of my favourite games:),1
timothy janssen : this is a great game that i look forward to playing. the levels give you something to work toward without having to buy anything. they are also easy enough to achieve,0
joshua sharba : chill game with amazing graphics and music. pretty perfect if the goal is to kill time,1
jreagan : the game was fun until the recent update. now all my progress is gone and there is a horrible lag on the game controls. well done devs. well done!,1
andrea cittadini : thx for this game i'm really amused guys cant stop playin it,1
prawesh rajkarnikar : screen goes to sleep during gameplay,1
manoj kumar kocharla : its just an awesome game that i've ever played. pretty cool,1
diy time : i've played this game some were else and it was great so i tried to download it to only it doesn't seem to be working plz fix this and it will be 5 star,0
chris b : this is how mobile games should be. a focus on a simple concept with solid fun game play. all the unlockables can be unlocked through game play and the ads are optional. a truly perfect free mobile game.,1
vaibhav kumar : the game runs well on my device ,1
cc lee : every crash requires you to start over,1
jatin shilen : very addictive and visually nice game. cant believe this much fun in a game,1
of so small size.two thumbs up to developer.,1
dan miller : great game,1
j ballew : had to factory restore phone and google play data was not restored after logging back in.,0
khznm 21 : it is a challenging game but it would be better if we could even change the skateboard with the player. i hope this feature could be added in along an update.;),1
xcronih : one of the best indie games out there which provides simple yet challenging gameplay. this one is a must.,1
santiago montoya : this game has gorgeus art,1
sara wardell : love the graphics. the llamas are totes sweet. it's very similar to the adventure time game ski safari.,1
corey austin : i enjoy the game a lot,1
firstyannisa riefqia : the graphic is such an eye-candy. great sound effect and background music is a pleasure for both day and night. well designed and mature concept!,1
chad radatz : great game to relax. a little challenging,1
emily marie : so addicting also u should be able to change alto that would be cool. also great graphics,1
zappy das : best game in playstore i loved it.all games of noodlecakes are always the best.i would highly be obliged if noodlecakes reply to my comment.jst lovd it.became a jabra fan,1
gimeno matt : so fun when im high i play this game and damn im so very entertained! love it!,1
evan wilson : its really pretty,1
balaji dhandapani : since the last update. when it resets after a fall. the control doesn't work. the character just slides till it hits a rock. and it doesn't work till i force stop the app and reopen,0
l. bryant : i love this game. it's even better when played on a large screen. the,1
graphics and sounds are both beautiful and relaxing. i'd honestly play it,1
forever. great time killer.,1
fadzrin iszwan : simple gameplay ,1
sheila amolo : definitely the best visuals on a mobile game. i love how the background is constantly changing. it really gives the game a true sense of adventure. beautiful. overall,1
maryam wakili : however one advert (gumball drop or something like it)in particular causes a blackout and can't access the game play without restarting.,0
nitin charles : latest update wiped my save. i had unlocked and played the game far too long to start from the beginning. please help!! great game otherwise. fix and i'll give 5 stars.,0
lucas bertoia : i don't even care about the ads. the cloud sync option is not functional. i have a new phone now and nothing transfers over through google play. it still lets me observe my old high score and achievements though - just as a kick-me-while-i'm-down before i uninstall it for good.,0
hdtv : i really don't play cell phones games but this one has me hooked....really good game,1
aron ludwinski : there really isn't much to say. i have played many other 2 dimensional infinite running games and have never been this addicted to one before. the game design,0
adithya s : awesome game..just couldn't stop playing it..the music and the background weather changes are pretty much to watch for.,1
kenneth manuel : delightful graphics in a simple yet addictive gameplay. audiovisual feast throughout. we need more upgrades though. :-) cheers to the devs.,1
huzaifa rounak : the iphone's version of the game has new gadgets and everything.please update it.,1
emma rose : really beautiful and imersive game! but would be better with more tricks and things to buy like costumes. overall great game though,1
anand l : the music be soothing and the visuals are clean! but the night is so dark :( please fix that.,1
michaela belle : only request i have is that the night time scenes be a little brighter. i understand that it's supposed to be dark because it's night,1
chris craig : this gage gets all the stress and the other things that bother you,1
kaustav gohain : music is awesome and even the game controls.. 5 rating boss. no bugs..good game,1
john ryan : i didn't know a game like this could be so good. recommend,1
patrick merry : the game is fun but some of the challenges are almost imposible to get because the conditions you need to meet won't show up in the run,1
jere zosene mabelin : its so addicting. i've been playing until my eyes hurt and my battery drained.,1
sol invictus : from shooting stars to running lhamas,1
marshall mamahit : it would be nice if you could add new moves and more relaxing music. change the music after we loose one run .,1
raj shankar shukla : this game is just wonderful. i never feel bore when i play this game. just one thing is that can you please add some more powerups.,1
a google user : i loved it,1
roy strattman : every time you get killed,1
manny : this is an incredibly addicting and fun game,1
danny scott : part of the game you need to collect 'powerups' but there is nothing to tell/warn you where the 'powerup' is and if you miss it there is no telling when/where/if there is another one,0
alex vogel : love this game,1
subhrajit chaudhuri : the game has an calming effect. the animation,0
minie da : i cant get my level up 99% because of the graphic. who can pay attention to the rocks when the view is too beautiful. in love with this game,1
mitchell kowalski : it's a decent game,1
bily veyan : at first is great but you only have to press to jump and do one single trick nothing else i literally didn't touch the screen for like 10 seg and it was alright.,0
zarar azmat : none like this ever played. such beautiful graphics. found this game addicted.,1
josh levinson : simple,1
zayd noor : my new favourite,1
james finch : love the game but i wish you could flip both front and back. that would really make the game better.,1
andrew graver : very immerse game. stunning sound. quite challenging. really enjoyable to just chill and play,1
winhelm : great gameplay,1
amr ragab : great graphics,1
vinay s : great graphics. very beautiful and immersive music. love the way the day keeps changing from sunrise to night and back.,1
krasimir t. : very difficult when it is night in the game and bright where you play. i couldn't see the rocks and jumps. and since the day/night cycle can't be turned off in this version,1
suranjan bandopadhyay : the detailing provided for the change in timeline and weather is one phenomenal job for a game this size. love the simplicity and elegance.,1
jennifer jason : the animation,1
ivee dc : i never thought i would be interested in a game about catching llamas. but the graphics is good and the background music gives off a relaxing vibe. wish there are more characters to unlock? 5 stars and for you guys!,1
fatima a. : i love this game although lately some bug makes the "watch a video" button fail to respond after being tapped (the button animates but the timer doesn't stop),0
mayur waghmare : never thought that playing game could be so peaceful.developers deserves respect :),1
alan shaw : i've played the hell out of this. its nuanced,1
brandon blankenship : each character brings their own unique twist on gameplay,1
anshul singh : this game is perfect to play in your breaks,1
sydney vlogs s : after training,1
kaitlyn szymanowicz : i download this app and i loved it the first time played it.... i told my friend to download this and she loved it as well. thank you so much for making this game,1
f - : i wish there were more challenges than just an old man chasing me. can you something more challenging...,1
a google user : i really love that game,1
terra williams : i'd rather tongue punch someone's fart box then play this again,1
erik sala : after my phone updated to android 6.0,0
brian valdes : game was fun and had great graphics. a simple and addictive concept gave me 2 weeks of fun. it's a game i will definitely revisit from time to time.,1
maria thomson : love this game but unless your playing it in a dark room it can be really hard to play the night time mode as it can be far too hard to see on coming rocks and what not and when doing a flip it's hard to see if your board is right way up again before you land :( and even playing in a dark room it's still hard to see.,1
ian g : unique snowboarding concept and simple yet excellent gameplay. wish there was more characters and additional powerups. 2 thumbs up!,1
yoyo gamer : addictive and also nice excellent game.i am giving it 7star.awesome game guys okay.can u create a game in which we can make our virtual games in the app.plz and thank you.,1
jad masri : this is simply amazing,1
babatunde olajide : it's really challenging,1
matias,1
utsob roy : graphics and game play is great. but screen turns off if i don't tap for a while. fix it to keep. screen always on. then it will worth 5 stars.,0
a google user : it isn't hard to finish,1
ebrahim arif : a great game,1
waseem ahmad : in the application logo,1
ahmad mobeen : it's an amazing game. the graphics are nice,1
steve baria : another procedurally generated endless runner. a pretty one,1
anudeep sambaraju : it would better if it has level or different places after some goals. so boring to play same places over and over,0
john j : my only complains are: 1) "do this n times in one run" aka luck or skip missions,1
diego buriti araujo : the most beautiful game on google play. great graphics,1
michael w : i like how it's layed out. plays nice. great graphics. lots of falls and having to watch videos to continue. bummer..,1
b feb : love it so much,1
manas singh : game is really good and graphics are great but it gets auto reset after i played long enough...,1
solsl15sl : it's beautiful and the music relaxing. the best thing for me is that the game doesn't push a premium currency on you or spam you with pop up ads,0
rhazes avicenna : there are some glitches that i can't tell about. need some more fixes.,1
alice edwardson : i love this game. the graphics are beautiful,1
through faith we understand : why am i so addicted to this game? everything about it is beautiful,1
daniel erickson : this is beautiful game. it offers many challenges and the music and art are very beautiful. did i happen to see paul and carl in the village?,1
omar haddock : one of the funnest and most addictive mobile games i've ever played. the controls are very simple but that's not necessarily a bad thing when you get a lot of momentum. it's extremely fun and the music helps make the experience thrilling but also relaxing.,0
vaporeous : beautiful and smooth artwork,1
pablo dominguez : awesome indie game,1
bence fodor : exceptional graphics and music. even though it gets pretty intense and it's,1
90% about timing,1
nerves. and that's an achievement!,1
leo miller : gorgeous art style! one of the best mobile games i've played in a long time. i also have to add that the game is very polished. zero problems,0
yogesh bhende : i am addicted to this game and now with zen mode i am loving more...,1
rafael montoya : the art style is fascinating,1
trevor bain : beautiful little indy game here! simple infinite run variant,1
rahique : best game ever. and the sound track is magical. it makes me feel what will be the fun and peace in living at himalayas.,1
kolakale kolakale : sometimes i get very fast and when i flip,1
james mcgavin : an app you can keep playing over and over again,1
andrew a : sweet game especially once you unlock maya and back flip all day! i kind of wish there was a way to do some special tricks with each character or something.,0
mostafa khaled : can't not stop playing it really makes me get galm we i hear the music and sound of the snow thanks for this game i really enjoy it so much.,1
tameka byrd : really like this one.. it's a nice balance between action and relaxing.. a nice unwind game.,1
shane burgoyne : nice looking and sounding game,1
biyans : video ad now takes about a year to load. recent update makes it even worse,0
lloyd sheen : restart and nothing happens. gone and forgotten,1
sebastian puerto : relaxing with fun challenges. the actual landscape in the game is really cool as well...,1
richa m : not able to see with the dark background.,1
jamie anthony : great game but the backflip barely ever works he goes ti turn and then just stops,0
marc bernard : fun until it got too dark to see anything,1
atul b : on a custom rom android 6.0.1 asus zenfone 2 ze551ml. opens up the name and then doesn't go beyond a black screen after the title.,0
nipuna jayasekara : so many negative reviews just because ppl don't know how to play the game! lol! awesome game! keep up the good work!,1
ruan botha : great game and level progression,1
david hughes : played to the end then reinstalled so i can start again. good fun.,1
john vincent siega : a very good concept and background too i like the way you can snowboard as long as you want and do tricks and also when day and night changes love it!,0
jean franscois batt : you did it again noodlecake. after stickman golf i was sure my wife was going to leave me,0
z man : great graphics,1
sudesh r : concept is good,1
matt corby : addictive,1
daruma w : i absolutely love this game. everything from the art,1
barry wilson : mildly fun game but you need more luck than skill to be good and complete challenges.,1
vincenzo : the gamplay is great,1
m i a : it's a really amazing game to play,1
a google user : great game to pass the time on the commute some flat graphics that change depending on the time of day (in game) and now the addition of cloud save to ease transfers from one device to another. definetly worth a try,1
glenn riley : no gameplay to speak of. same as every other ski clone. why does this silhouette look always get the ohh and ahh treatment? visually uninteresting and dull,1
len ngullie : great tiime killer n the graphics r just wow....the thing i love about this game is the background ....loved it,1
ja'liaya sterns : it wouldn't let me jump anymore.,1
sarath p s : if you could include few tricks mid-air,1
andrew van lingen : what mobile games are all about. fun if you just have 5 minutes in the bathroom,1
nayeoung kim : the graphics and animation,1
rowan o'hara : definitely addicted. really beautiful graphics and streamlined gameplay. after 2-3 hours in,1
ashley17 : it would be better if there was some competition. then i would give it 5 stars,1
suma kumaran : the revive feature using video is very very slow after you updated to reduce data usage. also,0
jc : chill in all senses. the music is very relaxing; gameplay is simple one-finger fun that really pulls you in; and the sound and graphics are amazing - with headphones on,1
michael russo : every time i get up to speed to perform the grind on level one,1
balazs marton : this game is simple,1
gicuku karugu : the game won't let me revive my character by watching a video. otherwise it's a beautiful game.,1
a google user : gorgeous art,1
iown291 : this game is graphically stunning,1
azeem zaidi : beautiful graphic style,1
robert loncaric : very soothing and relaxing music and visuals. the game is very simple but presents enough challenge to keep it interesting.,1
pawe rokicki : lvl 30 to 1 in single update. pointless to play.,0
ficker : amazing graphics,1
aman hunjan : how an indie gem done right,1
jammersaurous psn : beautiful design,1
scott pussehl : simple yet addictive gameplay. but for the life of me does anyone know what the down arrows mean if they mean anything,1
miguel machado : after the new update all my data was lost! i was already level 55 and now i'm level 1... and i still have the achievements but no data lol...,0
luluil maknuun : the graphic is mesmerizing and definitely love the soundtrack. not to mention the amazing gameplay.,1
halim cr : thanks for the great game. we (me and my son) enjoy it very much,1
aiman : game will restart when i crash and press the play video to revive button ....,1
zeljko jakovljevic : this game is amazing. visually stunning,1
salvatore diana : do something original and don't copy other's game,1
hammad qadeer : after we minutes it's just spinning around and dodging hurdles and nothing else,1
u isaacs : most relaxing game,1
colette de colbert : bit boring. nice graphics and music but yawn,1
nooder with egg : i just love it you guys are the best,1
adam vest : best game i've ever played.. suited my taste perfectly .. i got to level 58 and lost my progress since i ordered a new phone.. i have no regrets in getting a new phone except losing my progress in altos adventure.. beautiful game relaxing and challenging... i miss it..,1
tyler hubert : good game so far very addicting. one problem so far with on of the missions. i smashed 2 rocks during the same boost but it didn't register as the challenge completed.,1
pat reynolds : highly addictive,1
aaron lambert : best new game i've played this year! alto's adventure is relaxing and fun. the controls are well done,1
edward rata : after the update the game deleted all of my progress,0
ov3rload : when im connected to internet i cant do anything in the game,1
zachary martinez : there's a bug in which sometimes the jump functionality doesn't work at all after tapping to start.,0
rahul gautam : must play game.....specially for those who get anxious a lot like me,1
utkarsh singh yadav : great game...love to play whenever i wanna spend tym i pick up my phone and play,1
evan deviliozo : this game is very great choice for killing time.,1
mehdi messoussi : this game has been my daily game for over a month now but it began crashing before watching an ad to gain more points or to revive the character. even with the latest update,0
zarko marjanovic : alto has great graphics,1
edgar edd : amazing graphics. and the ui is quite unique. 6 stars if it were possible to do so,1
axel duhart : also needs more content. too often nighttime. but overall a fun game,1
ahmad mohsen : i love it,1
pranay panday : the graphics are very soothing. the music is very relaxing. the gameplay is very simple. the 2.5 d approach adds to the appeal of the ambience. one is guaranteed to have a smile on his/her face after playing this game.,0
lisa doan : comparing to apple stores,1
lukasz piernicki : why on earth i cannot log in with my google profile? i have to enter new one,1
bolvelkr : it have o good music aand gameplay combination. 5 star is enough for this game,1
a google user : it's pretty good graphics and decent adventurous game. hope everyone loves it. aw,1
mama mags : tried and tried,1
ayanzakwan syed : this game is good but it's a complete copy of the game ski safri,1
angela herebia : just not my kind of game but works well and has great graphics,1
hardik bhatia : giving this game 3 stars only because it has a problem that while playing this game if we are not touching the screen of phone for a time screens automatically turn off as it's not giving command of turning screen on all time when game is running otherwise game is awesome its kind of a copy of ski safari but the themes,0
chaston van der westhuizen : love him,1
matthew edington : beautiful game with amazing ever changing scenery. the game runs very smoothly and is very entertaining. get it now jiwiwhvxnskydks,1
will. j-r : this game is some amazingly done! this is the best time-consuming app i have played yet! it even relax you while you play! just like "journey",1
hamada emad : its an awsome game ,1
andreas tha great : can't stop playing please update and add more features to the game!,1
g chang : wow that got me hooked. i get the same feelz as coasting down the mountain on a powder day. ever take a 45 min rub down the mountain and wish it could last all day? somehow alto manages to do that...,1
a google user : really good looking game,1
kshitij prakhar : after opening everything appears black even the character and the rules are appearing black.,0
steven rosello : love the one button control. give it a few minutes and you'll be flipping and grinding in no time,1
cadence freeney : it was good at first until ....it wouldnt let me time my jump right so fix that bug. i was starting to like it cmon guys!,1
nanven yakubu : i normally dont review games,1
sam reaper : good game with good graphics and what i like the most is the gameplay and background music.sometimes i get emotional when i listen to the music because it reminds me of my finest memories,1
rynohardt : this game is so beautiful gorgeous there's no other words i can say,1
nishan ranasinghe : i used to love it until it deleted my save! i was level 39 or something! i went to play it today after a while,0
avi chaudhary : first it is hard to play but when you will start playing it,1
afham ramli : the update doesn't fix the consistent stutters on my nexus 6p :(,0
john nieves : this is by far the best cellphone game i have ever played! so much fun and it's free. how the heck is it free? i'm still waiting for the catch and 2 weeks of daily game play and i am still waiting.,1
mike b : latest update fixed the crash,1
dani asztalos : the sounds,1
wx : fun and single player. it does have achievements and several charaters to choose from as your lvl goes higher.,1
pablo cuenca : great graphics,1
chad varner : recently-developed habit of popping up an ad while gameplay is in progress,1
alexander supertramp : very beautiful and interesting game without any ads. 5 stars out of 5.,1
stoned hobo : this is a beautiful game and super fun to play. the beautiful scenery keeps you coming back for more.,1
james : the graphics are awesome and the gameplay,1
leonarch : i can't say anything from this wonderful game. too good to be true but yes this game is like a magic ;),1
sarath chandran : game is good but the pop up ad is resetting the game.. really irritating,1
a google user : this is a awesome nd time killing game. bt i love this game.,1
justin villamin : i like this game. i always play it. can you pls add more power ups because that makes the game more addictive.,1
pekka noroma : wery nice game. only fix you could do is bright litlebit the night time. its too dark.,1
nauris linkevics : enjoyed playing and achievement gathering. 3 days 3 nights,1
a google user : smooth beautiful graphics,1
ryan parsons aka wheelchairwunda : not a lover of this genre but this is a joy.simple beautifully drawn up and put together,1
nabajit b : the graphics are awesome. concept of game play is awesome. very less and effective adds. wow.. deserves more than 5 stars..,1
art awitin : when i play this i got feel lonely this game is so lonely :(,1
arif ahmad : this game is fun. simple. and the last character is a big bonus for those who played this game to the end.,1
mike samuelian : very fun. would be nice if it had a little more variety or challenge,1
yavor krustev : great graphics,1
gael alfonso-roel : i love the graphics ad art in this game i use this game to just relax so any way ,1
surit datta : the best endless running game. what a superb graphics and sound. different types of adventures. hats off to the maker.,1
lynette some : it keeps me happy all the time ,1
vishnu t b : i installed this game about a month back and reachd around level 37 something. i reinstall this game and i lost all my points,1
troy madere : i dont like that its night time sometimes and i cant see the rocks most of the time i look in front of me ahead of time and then i see myself off my board and flying face flat :/,1
filip ziebo : sooo pretty! great gaming experience,1
kailien singson : i love the art style and off course the game.,1
gautam gami : i wish i could have given it 10 stars,1
a b : every time i get to the chasm there is no way to make it. i restart endlessly and if i restart i have to go to beginning. not good,0
phyoe wai : not working anymore. please fix it.,0
morad suliman : freezes on the title screen on my samsung galaxy s4.,1
c s : if you like llamas,1
a google user : i had to reinstal my game but ended up losing all the progress n it started from beging even after connecting with google play services,0
berdi berdiyev : good game play everyday. only issue cant perform land proximity backflip. developers can u guys help me with this task??,1
thendup lama : hey dev! would be more awesome if the size of of alto's body were lil more big. thnx.,1
eyal lewin : very fun game,1
marco maleki : live the minimalist design and the objective of the game. would live to see new tricks be added in the future update.,1
toruzze : there is no other way to describe it the art style is wonderful,1
mohammad raihaan : i really love this game. it has such a simple concept but it is portrayed really nicely. i really the graphics mainly.,1
clayton builds : looks beautiful and super addictive! also theres no annoying pop up ads!,1
rick stoffiere : there are few games i've found that combine gorgeous graphics with great music and addictive game play. alto does! the game is easy to learn,1
khurram mazhar amir : except the dark and sometime unresponsive control but still a must play,0
nocturnal : first time giving 5 stars to a game.. very addictive and the graphic is super nice.,1
maria ungureanu : i would have given it 5 stars ,1
manny khan : i loved this game so much. it deserves more than 5 stars. out of all the games on my phone,1
marc acri : charming setting and solid gameplay. a great way to sink ~40hrs before capping out.,1
sayantan das : fell in love with alto's adventure in just one round! soothing music! beautiful sounds! amazing landscapes!,1
michael adhi : as it stands the game is generic endless ski runner with beautiful graphics. i would like the game to have more varieties and gadget... well... like ski safari.,1
ki ran : really this game rocks i'm totally loved to play from two months,1
aftersha : this game is the best.the quality are looks better to see even the song is so relaxing.do you have a soundtrack of alto adventure?,1
joshua sarrosa : all i can say to the creator is great job! and continue what you're doing. this game is very addictive,1
boris borisov : the lack of ads that promp from nothing is great! i just love it how do you dont make us watch ads but we can do it for getting +1 live,0
ki o'rourke : no point in getting lamas. it's all about the coins. also elders need work.,1
nirvana hotel : horrible game cant save just horrible spent 50 bucks on cash now not there,0
mudasir h : great graphics & great music .very smooth and additive.need some updates add some different places and levels,1
happiehope : simple and easy to play on the go. alto's adventure is one of those games where it entices you to play more,1
alpha_eus : i just feel like the game makes it hard for you to make chasm jumps,1
chase hansen : altos adventure is surprisingly very fun to play and i really get engrossed in the art style. a must try.,1
hansen jonathan : please,1
brian devadason : the graphics are cool,1
felix bear : great overall game and quite addicting! bugs got fixed in the latest version,1
uh forgot : i love the whole thing with music and the story. kinda,1
knight : a little too much bright.. lesser gamma in the background will make it perfect to play,1
mike campbell : i'd like a $4 version or something so i don't have to watch ads,0
su heng pek : beautiful graphics and simple controls,1
a google user : just awesome. graphics quality is best. mobile never gets too hot.,0
tom dongilla : engaging game that keeps you on your toes. challenging,1
shreya prava : everything is awesome except,1
jason burks : this game is so chill... i love being able to play it wherever and it just relaxes me.,1
gregory fierro : only problem is it heats my phone up pretty quickly and it gets pretty hot,1
naveen kumar s : good graphics & nice music ,1
nicolai marius aquilina : but mabey you can add more tricks. other than that,1
ryu mura : while i'm doing a backflip in this gorgeous environment.,1
ibtahaj malik : it's so addicted and relax game ever. beautiful music and perfect graphics,1
saad a. : after couple of replays,1
jason lednum : this is the best game i've played lately. don't change!,1
andrew j. : update: may 30th,1
jorge ocampo : good graphics,1
ankit sharma : superb graphics with easy controls ,1
vicki c. : hopefully one of you is reading and able to help. i made it to level 34 and suddenly my controls seemed to self-modify. weird! there is now a constant delay in all my moves,0
rocio reyes : great game! ridiculously pretty graphics and music. quite entertaining.,1
legendary zelda : this game is absolutely amazing! the graphics,1
matt treacy : brilliant game ! hooked on it and continue to enjoy the challenges.,1
a google user : i love this game! it's a masterpiece,1
noah hlavinka : i play this game when i'm bored or stressed and it never disappoints.,1
ultra's finisher : it is really good with it's little 2d things. it runs beautifully,1
ben scoltock : this is a great game but when ever i go past a camp and a guy in a horse comes after me,0
saumitra sankar paul : awesome scenery,1
soham dhuri : instead of letters some black boxes come and i cant understand it,1
funny toaster : it's eating your batteries so fast if you didn't realise,1
benjamin dezman : this game is very well made,1
086 shardul khante : if u liked temple run 2 but now r bored with it,1
joshua novak : beautiful but simplistic art style and a fun game that makes you want to play more. my only criticism is i desire another air trick besides a backflip.,1
rafael giron-cortes : it's fun & great to look at while playing especially at sunset & night time.,1
omar wahab : has bad issues with resetting data after updates,0
paul sarun : well crafted game,1
josh andrei c. corbita : i just downloaded this game too have fun and i found out im stuck with this stupid tutorial! where's the settings?!,1
andy b. : please fix,1
peter weber : one of the best mobile games i've played in a long time,1
joao aguiar : right after the game logo appears,1
omkar pandit : zen mode is best. best headphone effects of any games 1 played,1
roy creations : fun game for acrade go ahead an enjoy stay last longer,1
john hunt : i can't get past the tutorial. everytime it asks me to jump it lets me but when it asks to hold to do a backfill it does nothing,1
fleurdelisxliv : this game looks so sick! must have for me,1
ryan hill : please add a way for control of the wingsuit when using the nvidia shield tv remote control.,0
daniel burkey : great game but when it gets dark in the game its virtually impossible to see please fix,1
empress carrot : love the scenery and the gameplay. i just can't get a grasp of the wingsuit though,1
bob bayley : amazing art sound track atmosphere graphics are amazing cartoon mixed with realistic anglosphere and very. challenging,1
saikat mondal : the minimalistic art,1
melissa kissinger : very addicting. nicely done graphics for the speed of the screen. love the option to continue with coins!,1
ahedf fares : loved it like life . beautiful beautiful ,1
nezcal spindrake : i love this game,1
krish jogani : it is very good and hard game. amazing challenges,1
rafiqi haqimi : what the hell! you call this a game! this is not a game at all this is a adventure,1
javier moran : solid gameplay. really good aesthetics and as if that wasn't enough it doesn't force micro transactions. i'm glad to play ads to help them. i encourage everybody to support this kind of apps! good job!,1
adeel assadi : very nice and detailed game i had ever played on android... good graphics relaxing music and excellent concept,1
rihan c. : good simple animation and graphics... fun gameplay with challenging goals to complete. no pop-up ads or any ads filling the screen....only ads if you chose to revive your player.,0
onkar birajdar : simple and exciting game,1
muhammad zaka-ud-din : i'm giving it four stars only due its awesome graphics otherwise its lame,1
kiran m : i love this game somuch. its really unique and a best way to relax and play.my best score is 123000,1
hamzeh aladwan : the best game you may download on your android but unluckly you have to purchase it from the "app store".,1
aidan borgeson : super fun and tight gameplay with great art style and great lighting effects,1
bilal hoss : wish the air time can be included in the score count. it would be more interesting.,1
sofia snell : i love this game i could play it all day it doesnt take so much storage on my phone and there is no adds or lag!,1
traci pierce : i get lost in this surreal world with calming music,1
tiffani brown : it's such a beautiful game. in surprised at how relaxing it is. such a simple concept. well done!,1
viral sharma : love the sound effects and generally the whole game...,1
andres vargas : i thought i would be another crappy game. then i was.amused of everything: graphics,1
jai beniwal : dowloaded it second time to complete all the challenges. love this game.,1
hasan osman : very good game,1
kaitlyn argyle : this game is not only fun but has the best graphics and most peaceful music ever!,1
mersad ghadiri : the graphic is just amazing. smooth gameplay and nice soundtrack. it's an art not just a game,1
sabeliwe radebe : love the game but the sunset and night scene are just killing my eye sight ,1
imran siddique bhunnoo : finally a game that feels unique and is beautiful on the app store. 5+ definitely,1
ellie potter : let me start off by pointing out what makes this game my go to. the game records stats of gameplay within the settings page. gotta love those stats. more importantly there are no ads,1
shashwat rohilla : such an addictive and peaceful game. they have created a beautiful environment with just simple objects.,1
hugo boshoff : add support for the samsung galaxy note 4 spen. then you will get 5 stars,1
phillip royle : this game is so much fun,1
a google user : very fun and awesome game,1
sourav sarkar : i never saw such a simple yet beautiful game before!! i hit the ground many times because i was looking the sky rather than playing. its amazing!! well done guys!!,0
adam p : i can't get the llama person the challenges are too hard,1
ryan wood : pauses music for adds,1
bhavika chauhan : it is a beautiful game,1
archerycraft 17 : i love this game more than anything else i havre,1
joshua dagami : just from the graphics,1
mac wilson : this game is great! it looks beautiful,1
bristol brstl : i love it. the sound,1
lance cydel tangcalagan : i really like the game but i hope that in the new update the stones are much more visible,1
james dougan : i cannot see my stats or settings please fix then i will give it five stars,1
soham hazra : if you like snowboarding,1
7enty7 : luv it.. but i completed all the goals & i lost interest to play... please add more goals if possible...in future update....,0
dan lantagne : i initially downloaded this app back in march,1
luc gagnon : beautiful,1
dan schlimme : nice game,1
boi bunot : its awesome and this is the only game that is very relaxing i'll give 5s good job!!,1
chmltn : i would love to see more characters and gadgets appear in izels workshop.,1
ruben iii pulumbarit : 3 times i've tried but keeps on crashing.,1
gabriel huinquez : not my favorite game to play but it looks great it's just kind of boring it's the same concept,1
your english teacher : best game i ever played ...so simple and addictive with awesome outstanding graphics,1
leslie conopo : its playing up make a mistake it's back to the start beautiful game,1
blob bubba : amazing and fluid,1
daniel kalinin : one of the few endless runners i really enjoyed,1
stephen van buren : all-around phenomenal game! it has everything you'd want: beautiful art style,1
james walde : a good game to satisfy your needs with cool stunts and tricks. my only opinion of downsides is that it's a little slow to level up at times. enjoy!!!!,1
kevin fatih ismail : i have nothing to say,1
eldin glova : good,1
aj vlogs and media abhijithsajay : i loved it but my battery is draining fast.....other than no prblm,1
sir u.s : super simple,1
b tx : i enjoy the graphics. but i don't know how to jump over the elders lol,1
dennis maganda : addicting and fun,1
eddy phalen : this game is very well made and decorated so i'm going to give this 5 stars,1
ray lee : just finished this game and i don't know what to do with my life anymore.,1
praveen kimi : best game for time pass & kinda addictive,1
meek ereno : beautiful graphics,1
morris the actor doin' actor stuff : very trippy game,1
vinitha n : the best game.. quite addictive and the low poly background is making it more interesting :),1
lance swan : don't you hesitate to download this game. this is fantastic!,1
patrick galindo : wasted my time with slow tricks. you die every 10 seconds...,0
manager : don't work for me the guy on the snowboard won't jump for me,0
alfredo ruiz : i've played this at stores and to me it's a pretty good game and the music is relaxing.,1
balint hudak : one of the most beautiful minaimalistic games i've ever seen.,1
looted gravel : one of the best games i've seen in a while.,1
a google user : great game to play.. thanx for fixing crashing after advertisement bug.,0
augusto : catch llamas when hovering if we are hovering? everytime i try i end up getting past the llama without catching it!,1
op units : its a great game but it would get better if u add a front flip feature.....click on left side back flip and on right front flip..that would be great,1
aysha hanif : this is the most beautiful game i've ever played. definitely a must have,1
tyler : most fun i've ever had in a phone game!,1
shubham goel : the game is awesome with relishing graphics and addictive gameplay. really,1
david : best game ever much better than that stupid game clash royal :),1
ozan durmus : dunno why but i cant jump. can touch every button in game but not working for jumping,0
anirudh nair : obstructions can't be seen in night time,1
isa dora : congratulations to the team! i love everything about this game: the concept,1
naveen garg : this game is amazing. i use to sound wooo huuu at each backflip,1
wesley bliss : very well developed,1
arie aria : maybe adding slow-mo / focus time with a little mini game to pull a trick sequence.,1
marco w. camargo : can't stop playing! the best game i've played in 2016!,1
benjamin cowe : this is an amazing game and is addictive for all the right reasons,1
jacie hudgins : this app is so good it is challenging i play it all the time!!!,1
tyler giesbrecht : great graphics and music. super relaxing but also challenging.,1
arni sebi : best game to pass the time.. no annoying ads.. relaxing music score...enjoyable tasks and gorgeous scenery.. what more can you ask for!,1
marno naude : seems like a fun game. think i hit a glitch though,1
tom eats the sky : the only reason this isn't 5 stars is it takes a while to start,1
wade freeman : i've payed for upgrades,1
vera van wolferen : i just completed the game,1
e.t. teoh : a great example of stunning graphics,1
frosted beats : game is unique and it's a one of a kind "runner" in my opinion,1
rowan buys : this game just makes you feel relaxed and calms you down! the music,1
iris 'u' : i love the game. the art is amazing and the graphics are as well. i love the music and the game play is quite addictive. have fun!,1
a google user : soundtrack is perfect...game is little repetitive but it's very relaxing!,1
michelle nunez : i recommend you play this game because i have good graphics and it's a beautiful game that relaxes you and whenever you need,1
jim rand : i must be doing something wrong,1
khizar elahi : this game releases your whole day stress and tension...... try it!,1
jerome bautista : i spend most of my gaming here in alto!,1
brandon white : love the artwork put into this game. really makes this game so much better!,1
berny hilario : i love the game graphics and its performance is great.overall its s fantastic game.,1
ornella cabrera : doesn't over heat my phone. the graphics are really good,1
billy kenawat : wooow this games is amazing! i'm so crazzy in love with this game!,1
tom knox : good little relaxing game. challenging without being frustrating,1
ali magsi : 2 b honest,1
jed gordon : it was well built and it was fun and i will recommend it to another people.,1
q'juan curtis : i love it! looks and plays amazing. the music goes along great with the game play. i hope they make another one soon. with more levels and character! great game!,1
naushad ahmed : love the feel of the game,1
antonio jones : very beautiful game and very easy to get into.,1
caleb welp : excellent visuals and game play,1
raynal ramadhan : remember temple run? remember that you've gotten bored of it? this game will restore your boredness and reignite exitement.,1
chandrashekhar singh : nice game very addictive..worth downloading..it lacks smthng i thnk..a little more adventure i guess with the stunts n all..otherwise its great..m on level 21,1
debajit mandal : everyone should play this. the graphics and gameplay is good. overall an awesome game.,1
christian jeremiah : good for consuming time plus the sfx is relaxing.,1
shiva bhawsar : with headphones on. it actually feels like raining,1
a google user : what a beautiful game you guys have created !! thanks a lot,1
glenn _e1nlanzer : the game is awsome. real time multiplayer for the new update :() thats all ggwp,1
bhavya sanghavi : can't even get last the tutorial because of insufficient instructions.....(grind the line),1
john dungey : like snow boarding from a bear or avalanches,1
andrey uverskiy : i absolutely love this game . it's so chill to play on the way to work.,1
soumya pachigolla : i really like the interface. the environments are so amazing!,1
sumaiya sumai : wat and awesome game .most importantly the animation effect and sound of the game rockzz. loved it vry much,1
harry robson : this is a great app,1
brendon lynch : the animation and sound is flawless,1
cibin joseph : perfect for a quite boring day!,1
sallu ahmed : the game is hots some i love the music and snow in the game..!! the game is very addictive and controls,1
anirudha ray : i must give 200 out of 100 for its graphics..,1
the gamer titles : good,1
matthew sutton : great game. very addictive and looks lovely,1
pinda758 panda : it has no ads and fun to play,1
eloise mcloughlin : i love the graphics and the game is fun. but it is a tad too dark at night.,1
appu ajith : one of the most good looking and immersive mobile gaming experiences out there.,1
puneet shahi : it's a good one. real adventure. especially the flawlessness,1
bonbon lang-es : one of the best mobiles games i have ever played,1
connor nolan : great game,1
chi senires : great graphics,1
anany agarwal : superb graphics,1
rupack halder : one of the most soothing games i have ever come across. definitely recommended!,1
lens of the korsmos : music and gameplay is awesome. soothing graphics. scenic game,1
megan carvalho : it is the exact mix of fun,1
ahad azeem : easy to play,1
billy : the animations and simplicity in this game makes me so happy! so fun to play.,1
adonis : i love the game,1
milos milutinovic : apsolutly great game and very relaxing and not so hard. great graphic!,1
vivek sharma : best graphics,1
michael romero : great time killer,1
sina razi : hey snowman,1
alankrita vankamamidi : so relaxing,1
nicholas bailes : this is a beautiful game with addictive landscapes and platform game physics. surprisingly immersive with the night and day and weather cycles. one request - can we have a snow weather cycle? i'd love to see what you would do with it.,1
william hau : its awesome with great graphic,1
alexandre morneau-palardy : yup,1
riot : this is the best game ever for me.i don't know when i am playing this game i feel fresh from my soul and mind!,1
amarjit singh : yes i'm addicted to alto's adventures,1
matthew court : loved this game. beautifully made and fun game play. very retro gaming,1
jeremy wells : i loved this game and every part of it!!! amazing graphic design and cute sounds,1
animesh goyal : love with this game.it makes truly mad so beware,1
hendry kohan : one of the best free action games i ever played. it's a quality game.,1
a google user : the first game on my nexus 5x.,1
afia jaffery : not a better game than this on the playstore.,1
frank allan : great graphics and good game easy goals to begin with but that what i like about this app,1
priyanka beltangadi : i loved everything about this game. you really worked hard to make this the best one!,1
abhijeet biswas : pleased but gameplay isn't that exciting,1
nate hess : relaxing music,1
ankit shukla : one of the best games i've come across.. the music is addicting,1
devendra kashyap : background,1
sam sewall : great game to play to relieve stress!,1
carlos portillo : now i can *finally* share my scores! fun and simple and relaxing game! it's entertaining!,1
tapan kumar : its the best game i ever played,1
daniel cabrera : the best endless runner and one of the best games in android. highly enjoyable,1
artem anisimov : i needed cloud save very much! thank for adding.,1
ravi avhad : it is one of the best,1
a google user : gets a little bit boring but is super fun,1
lemon thing : it's one of the most beuatifull games i have i ever play on phone. it gives you the feeling that you are inside the game. the only thing that doesn't liked ne it was the way you lose in the air :p ... play that game !!!,0
no name : great graphics. easy to control. no spending needed to pass a level. overall one of the best game.,1
the outsider : o just loved it . iots so beautiful . hats off to the developer,1
sepehr bk : after all this time,1
milan gajjar : really amazing graphics and game too i gives you 5 star for amazing graphics thanks,1
collins makamu : challenges are doable no need to use real money,1
saurabh singh : okayish,1
ella bel : it is fun to collect wild llamas while you adventorously go down a mountain,1
chase chandler : wonderfully thought out,1
boosfee bangarang : i can't stop playing! so fun and challenging. absolutely love this! great job!!!,1
rafa merino : so addictive,1
mary ellen peters : so amazing! i love the music and the background. this is exactly what i always wanted in a game! it's perfect. please make more like it. i also think it's calming. :) keep up the good work!,1
a google user : ...it lags pretty hardcore most of the time on my nexus 6. it gets so bad that i hit rocks because it won't register taps. :/,0
gautam kabiraj : brilliantly developed. nifty graphics,1
benn haley : it's great but my progress isn't registering from my phone to my tablet,1
guru : i installed,1
diego bale : beautiful. great music. great gameplay. one of the best in the play store,1
rais : one of the best games i've ever played so good,1
rahul d.r : i used to love it but lost my gameplay after changing my phone,1
mazhar iqbal : this is ease my mind. amazing sound tracks,1
daniel phillipson : the scenery is awesome and the game play is easy to learn but hard to master.,1
kirtan shah : one of the most addictive games i have ever played.,1
cory coyner : this game is so fun. it is one of the only games i play on my phone.,1
dj f-tech : very nice game i love very much ,1
ghostbear wrath : cannot put it down since i started playing.,1
angelo fragata : i found this game safe from children . very addictive and enjoyable.,1
john devisser ii : great game! just challenging enough to keep you coming back,1
heroic prince : awesome game 2 play everyone give it a try,1
alvi araf : good graphics. you all should try the game.,1
wss : the best mobile game i've played in a while.,1
dylan arnholt : amazing game,1
indra prasath rau : i played before and i loved it. great job to the dev teams..,1
miguel lirazan : the sound track is really relaxing,1
eric true : probably the best game about andean llama herder/snowboarders ever created.,1
shaun tenner : so purdy.,1
christian alfredo schneider : simple concept and we'll put together. great time killer.,1
neil chambers : very beautiful game. love the graphics and the music is good.,1
yvonne karimi : the best game i've ever played so far,1
asutosh panda : nice graphics. nice soundtrack. would be better if you add more differently looking levels.,1
audrey hampton : most addictive app i've had in forever!,1
saket autee : the scenery makes so beautiful impression that i can't express ;),1
w_29_chinmay kotkar : its becomes boring to play in 4-5 days,1
maze t : i love this endless gameplay. i was surprised to unlock other characters! it's splendid and the backgrounds are beautiful.,1
op2001 : at first i really liked this game. but the tap to jump isn't working anymore. i did a reinstall and it still isn't working. i have a htc m8. is this happening to anyone else??,0
mihir ghonge : great game with amazing graphics but i usually don't like games with such less content and a simple motive.....,1
eric d : favorite endless runner. quests,1
kenneth oflas : but when in night its to dark i can't see a rock,1
kazi amanul shakawat : just install the game,1
lpsar : it is a great app and i never say this to an app bit this one got to me i love the graffic,1
vishnu santosh : the music and the art are among the best i have come across in a while,1
saeed hassan : this has to be the best graphics and gameplay that i've seen by far!!! this is too good. keep it up guys!,1
soslan gassity : lost all the progress after i've reinstalled the game. nice.,1
face the sun : i just have one word to say amazing and outstanding. superb game.,1
sundance : it is awesome and is a real challenge ( i love challenging games),1
rayhaan pirani : one of the best and well-designed games for the mobile platform ever.,1
adriel jimenez : it's what every mobile game should look and feel like.,1
vipin shankar : love the scenic background. the zen mode is simply awesome,1
jennifer : love this game. it's beautiful and get addictive. the music is nice too!!,1
rajendra umtekar : very good graphics,1
kundai : love it so much has good graphics so much fun it's the best,1
jared bartlett : simple but absolutely fabulous music,1
kim harwiss : it's fun and almost zenlike! a very good diversion!,1
elizabeth m : the graphics on this game are unparalleled by any other,1
danang epri supra santoso : after revive alto with video,1
yosafat irwan samgar : the game is simple and have soothing environment for the player. i like this game.,1
winnie : stunning graphics,1
michael brown : awesome game. snowboard flips and grinding,1
bob dimble : totally awesome,1
you're retarded : one of the best mobile games ever! had to give it a five star rating,1
ashar naveed : i really really loved this game. it is fun,1
divyam : both the sounds track & game play is terrific!,1
sean dunaway : i dont have the chasm ability with tupa. ive read everywhere about it,1
kyle pfenninger : like the title says. it is simple relaxing and fun,1
jaki shen sukkoitsu : i think the variety of the items in the store should be increased.,1
vibhas jadhav : if the graphics improve it would be more amazing,1
lucas barreira : love the mood and the landscape,1
dan stewart : very polished,1
giovanni nicholson : thoroughly delightful. great music,1
mihailo martinov : great game,1
uncle iroh : relaxing,1
sean olea : great concept and i think it is super addictive.,1
jodhi suryanaga : great graphics and great theme song and the concept of this game is gorgeous nicely done !!!,1
andy frederick : it helps me forget all the sadness in my life with simple but great visuals and relaxing music,1
walter hii : this is the most beautiful game on android!,1
bluberry jonez : i find myself strangely addicted,1
nikhith job : the most beautiful mobile game i've ever played,1
f r : great just wish you could get the power ups from the iphone version,1
hezi zarur : saw it first time on ios,1
emmanuel okwuanga : beautifully designed game,1
riley : best game ever i loved it i'd recommend it to people who love simple but addicting.,1
philip suarez : please add more tricks to the character then i will give 5 stars,1
saggy : i can't find a reason not to like this game. great concept,1
gabrelle ganchero : you keep going for the art not for the score and that's real gameplay! :),1
calvin dambe : great game. the video advertisements don't load so i only get one chance to play. cannot access the cloud data either??,1
jan jan : love the skiing,1
kole lowder : one of the games that i play nonstop,1
ruffmenace95 gaming : there's nothing negative to say about this game and i recommend it to everyone,1
joshua keith pearson : fun and addictive. just gotta beat that next level!,1
carlos melendez : video ads for revive don't work,0
ron mad : stunning graphics,1
saurabh kumar jain : the new update reset the whole game stats... and on clicking watch video the game gets stuck sometimes.... wish i had not updated!!,0
audrey : love it. it's fun,1
marko nikolic : awesome game,1
audrey eagle : i love this game i got it 2 days ago and i'm already hooked,1
sam maxted : this is by far the best phone game i have played in a long time!,1
harshit bhagat : better than subway surfer & far more better than temple run...love it,1
orane bembridge : i'm absolutely hooked on this game! gorgeous graphics,1
brandon rai : keeps my mind off of everyday stress!,1
pterra dacto : very well done runner. aesthetically pleasing. i like!,1
gustavus youngberg : the graphics in the game agree beautiful. very addictive and fun to play.,1
da snappingturtle : it's really good for passing the time. love it.,1
lydia smith : i paid $3.99 but still have to watch ads? what a rip off! i'd like my money back,0
chris carr : taken this all the way through now and it was much fun.,1
mathew anderson : really enjoyable and sleek looking game.,1
akalanka umayanga : simple and awsome well done guys!,1
ambarigays : try to make a 3d one withe third person view and different cammera angles,1
kayin fisber : u must try the game is fun and soooooooo relaxing,1
nadasha minasaki : great for boring days or waiting for someone to come and nice for children,0
senthil kumar : the game is simple & nice gr8 work guys waiting for ur nxt concept,1
cashiie : out of every game that in the google play store i really do like this game.,1
dylan lee : love this game. please add more levels,1
hollie porter : love this app. amazing,1
cyanide : i loved this game so much i liked the background and the weather it was so awesome! !,1
mohamed afsar : no response from team it doesn't have cloud save,1
blair agan : love the music and easy to learn. gave me good minutes to enjoy at a time,1
qvor stoyanov : the perfect game! so simple,1
atanu bhunia : it is not a good selection to be editor choice...,1
romey rome : graphics are good and gameplay is so much fun,1
sincere buck : dumbest stupidest boringest game ever wouldnt reccomend it to satan stupidest game ever hope they take it off never play it again,1
adapa surya prakash rao : it is not just a game... with fantastic background score and sound effects... it's an experience...,1
kelly henry : the art an graphic s of this game is so beautiful feel at peace watching an playing this game,1
candace spence : i just liked the way that you are a skier and you get to collect animals,1
paulo henrique : the game takes me too deep haha i love the soundtrack and the chill,1
tyto_alba : this game is one of my favorite games that i had played in my life,1
quinn royalty : i love the graphics especially the lightning and sounds,1
vikram yadav : lovely and elegant ui with hints quite cute i and gameplay too keep up the good work,1
wanga kanjala : as long as i can cloud save am good,1
bido refaat : one of the best games i have ever played,1
goefrey branson : it scenarios are so gud thank you for this game,1
geofrey chipere : this such an addictive game but so interesting to play,1
everisto stillbaum : this is one of the best gamez trust me 2016,1
rizqi yoga ananta : this game is totally awesome with cool graphic too,1
daqwan koenig : love it but i wish there was a paid version without ads,0
jennifer marie reif : such a beautifully designed game and fun and relaxing to play,1
glen stewart : this is the best cuz i like chasing llamas,1
abhishek khatu : very pleasant on eyes and addictive yet simple gaming,1
joydeep das : much better than subway surface,1
sravan : great graphics and gameplay and also very addictive,1
febin jose : the music and landscape is so smoothing,1
vikas chandel : the most beautiful available game for android so far,1
laijeesh joseph : its one of my favorite games,1
mitchel k : great graphics! fun gameplay! overall just simple and amazing.,1
abdelrhman el-bashary : i don't know why ,1
saad d : this game is excellent with excellent graphics,1
nitheesh j : i love to play in a full day long,1
mohammed umer farooq : gud graphics nice and addictable game that i ever had,1
chris per : landing should be better maybe edit you player multiple players needed,0
a google user : this game made my son have more confidence in his self,1
brett guidry : great for when you have a few minutes or as something to do right before bed,0
joshua : graphics and features are really good play it quite a bit at work,1
james debbarma : the music nd the gameplay together make it a fun package,1
deb : after using many games only this game really make me enjoy it,1
enlighter minh : this is one the best android games i have ever come across,1
sazix ximbas : it is very good and l love the season changing evry game,1
motor musafir : it is good than vector but you have to add different characters,1
anthony hopf : the title says it all!,1
colin jackson : the game gives you this nice calmness until you encounter a challenge and then it slowly thrills you,1
reece hollett : simply one of the most stunning and addictive games you can play. definitely recommend.,1
robbe denis : great graphics and great game. the challenged keep you playing,1
nandha kumar ettikkan : smooth interface and the background really enhances my mood,1
cobo kobacentis : i love the soundtrack and it s fun to play,1
a google user : the most beautiful game ever and great soundtrack,1
aayush sharma : this is very good game you also try,1
omprakash pagadala : i love that bgm and the font they used very nice game,1
aditya jaggi : everything is classic and the day and night graphics are awesome,1
viran guruge : only da backflip is there no frontflip,1
joseph suliali : just fun to play and amazing gameplay this one i recommend,1
luke hanley : a great game that is really addictive and looks beautiful as hell,1
magnus 801 : i liked the games adventures and graphics very much,1
alex cruz : it is the best game and nice graphic and i feel to relief,1
akilesh : similar to ski safari but gameplay is really better than ss,1
kamlesh singh mehta : awesome artsyle relaxing music a very unique type of game,1
asad khan : its awesome game everything graphic music so much addictive feels great when you play,1
karlis skelbis : this game has amazing art. love it! and the gameplay is great. relaxing and fun!,1
leeland hackbarth : gameplay is strangely addicting. music is strangely haunting. the programmer has a strange fetish for llamas.,1
al7erna7ive : complete rip off of ski safari.,1
stoic morpheus : well done guys haters gonna hate,1
essa toto : one of the best phone games i ever seen !!,1
javier gallego : good graphic. good music. but lacks some options.,1
ashish kumar : amazing and addictive,1
aj ajay : how many levels are there in this game at present i'm at 58th level,1
venky panorama : super and simple game,1
ah showrav : the character and surfing boards are so small that they look like bugs,1
elementd : the environment that surrounds the character is stunning to look at and the gameplay itself offers hours of fun,1
emiliano cirillo : great game! run away from addiction!,1
deepak devaraj : stunning sound effects & visual also,1
jason soovajian : love the graphic design,1
chickzma : the background music is awesome and game is also good too,1
roberto cortopassi : six character is not enough i need more,1
the official-j - : i love this game it is so cool and the graphics are so beautiful,1
azizan : soothing music,1
ammar danial : the gameplay is very clean and smooth. nice graphic. beautiful.,1
david moralez : very relaxing and beautiful backgrounds. i love the music this game is quite pleasing,1
the_mad_bear : there needs to be something more challenging,1
lqd : the music is the best thing about this game,1
chris murrill : beautiful and intuitive. basic yet challenging.,1
raphael marquez : this game is so addictive nice gameplay i loved it,1
abhisek agarwalla : very unique concept. great graphics and mechanism. loved it.,1
jack lim : if only the stupid rocks weren't green in color,1
medivh : i dont really like it when its night. can you add an option for turning it off? thanks!,1
indira wahyu mutidianti : soothing,1
christian borg xuereb : progress resetted on its own after getting the 4th character!,1
squiggle bug : this game is amazing..,1
jasper durairaj : campfire doesnt go off while it rains!!,1
karanjasofficial : awsm . this game is player game . so dwwnload now and enjoy the life,1
siddharth bhatt : wouldn't mind paying for this !,1
chad chancey : great game but the wing suit button needs to be moveable like the pause button for 5 stars,0
omesh vishaal : i love the graphical layout!,1
bel harper : great game and lovely graphics and music/tones.,1
gs ravi : just i installed without playing given 5 stars by seeing that pic u have done a great game keep it up,1
sinaan deriya : good one noodlecake studios inc.,1
cameron cominato : one of the best games i've downloaded in a long time,1
kate : such great graphics and beautiful art! i love it so much! best game in a while.,1
keith hyland : looks great,1
aldrich esguerra : one of the best games that i have played!! the graphics is awesome!! hoping more features to come pls updatd!! :),1
isfaar mahmood : i love this game this is one of my favourite but it makes me sad because they have put alot of ads and it got laggy,1
noble mathew : very clear and perfect graphics ...,1
fridolin arnold : nice graphic,1
joao h. coelho : i loved it,1
joey g : good graphics,1
scott spurgeon : stunning simplicity of graphics and challenges that keep you playing!,1
busytooth : great game kept me busy awhile. very fun.,1
ajay menon : the addition of cloud synch makes this close to the perfect game.,1
blackvulture : nice job developers! this game is addictive and has got awesome graphics and backgrounds!... perfect!,1
mohammad daniel : best free offline game !!,1
thez campbell : great game to kill time and it is so addicting,1
faizan malik : this game is really amazing i l0ve it !,1
a google user : also a great game!,1
arttu : awesome visual experience. simple but hard to master.,1
4ka33_muhammad farhan fadhillah : the bgm,1
julian roth : literally the best game i've played on android. download it now and play 'till you get maya. you'll love it!,1
chilli pepper : can't help myself from this adventure,1
daniel g : fell for this game,1
sameer kumar : good game and very smooth. try it guys.,1
matthew miller : gets boring pretty fast and some levels are so dark you can't see let alone play,1
shashwat ghosh : love this game..... its fabulously entertaining and very cute game,1
danny mcgowan : great game! tons of fun! i play all the time!,1
at tv channel : i likt the game graphic its totally awsomes,1
rajan verma : game runs smooth with nice smooth music n cool grfx,1
tatsatindu2 bareja : the game is very good evry one should play this game,1
abhishek sharma : new cloud save feature is good and this is nice game,1
diondrae valentine : the game is so good love snowboarding games,1
ashantha piyumal munasinghe : the game is super. lovely graphics.much more,1
sigit harto : simple,1
ravikrishnan n : the gameplay,1
uchenna udemezue : this game is beautiful. i love everything about it.,1
vinay kumar : fun to play and nice design also.,1
aloha gupilan : this app is cool because it's so fun to play this app :),1
maeata 40k : love this game so much. it's so much fun great game,1
monita honandar : awesome graphic,1
raymundes johannes schaak : you can play this game for days and still love it!,1
shadow assassin47 : the game is awesome but when alto hits a rock or fails to land properly can you make him roll or hits his head and gets stuck in the ground instead of him just resting on the ground,0
david : thanks for a great port!,1
austyn : i love this game its so fun i play it everyday and it has great graphics,1
vaibhav gad : best game in every aspect.. so much fun,1
devin padukka : keep it up guys,1
jerry holder : quick question,1
shams sanam : this game is too much boring,1
debanka chanda : wonderful gameplay and scenery and an even better soundtrack!,1
rodney cobbs : best graphics and ever changing landscape it's really great and smooth,1
a google user : best mobile game i've played and played and played,1
vykuntam kasa : but we have to play carefully and luck also needed i love this game,1
lizandro boltron : when you just keep looking at pictures at this game it sounds boring but when you play this game the music the view is super cool nice job,0
emmanuel krupa : it's a very nice game. liked it a lot,1
oyantai rodriguez : this game is so fun!! i love it,1
clinton davids : i play it at night with earphones the soundtrack is perfect.,1
the light : just fan of it..really loved playing it. just give it a chance .... to be one of the best game of ps,1
rashfever : 3 words: piece of art. nothing more to say. download it. you won't regret your choice.,1
rob mcbroom : cool concept,1
timpani bongos : stunning visuals,1
subhrajyoti karmakar : okay game.. not too addictive or enjoyable,1
hardik bhaavani : gives a relaxing effect.,1
hayder ali : very nice game. good graphics. good quality.never hangs.,1
max hiscock : easy to pick up and play. beautiful design.,1
christian toni : i finished all 180 goals. amazing game.,1
mostafa darwish : i love to play it before sleep :),1
symphony a : good graphics ,1
something musical : nice and supb graphics..,1
kieran : removed the llama back to character before and progress please sort,1
neeharika navya : superb,1
nicasio talbo : very beautiful game.... hope to see more games like this from you guys,1
shahabaz abdulla : especially the graphics of the game.. awsome.. and also music,1
chiko andrianto : i love this game. simple and awesome.,1
sarah loverly : a nice calming distraction... this game is seriously the best,1
jibraan shaikh : need more games like this.,1
siva prakash : the best mobile game played ever.. such class n fun.. way to go :),1
daksh agrawal : very beautiful game. nicely done!,1
sandile mtshali : it's a best game money can buy,1
muhammad faraz hussain : sound quality and game play is really very addictive,1
aneesh gj : feeling fabulous,1
joshua veron : i play so relax with the song ..,1
a google user : meditative,1
satheesh chandran : cute and minimal graphics,1
arnit jammula : i dont feel bore...background,1
stefan klotzberg : works smooth. wonderful graphics and a simple gameplay. love it.,1
naveed noorzai : it is the perfect game.,1
saahil hash : night comes too often. otherwise,0
a google user : you should keep developing,1
alexander king kwame : nice game .. i like the music,1
elijah mitchell : i love the fact that the scenery changes.,1
r krish : the music is quite and the game is also a smooth one..... smooth graphics a peace game,1
andrew matthews : super easy play. love the music and background,1
souvik sarkar : great game with absolutely captivating visuals.,1
niha ess : the visuals are absolutely mesmerizing,1
gilang fasanandi : nice game,1
jackson baker : great graphics,1
no you : minimal yet rich graphics. 5+,1
louisa r : very addicting as the title says but still good.,1
pradeepan thiru : never seen such a smooth game in android.,1
dylan womack : its the best graphics and it is sooooo relaxing.thank you for the game,1
kumkum : it's a amazing game with adventures and perfect music,1
wasiq raza : awesome game this is tooo gud game..... u all must try this game... i salute the game producers,1
jonathan mark te : music is great. the scenes are beautiful. it's a great game.,1
asher : the gameplay gets boring really fast.,1
leesa johnson : i hate when i die because i just want to play the game forever!!!!,0
stephanie miller : fun,1
lee chu : very nicely designed and relaxing game,1
adly syafiq : well done optimizing the game,1
ciaran o'kelly : should be called alto's run really,1
talha qasim : one the best time pass games i've ever played...,1
jan nedbal : very nicely done and polished ski safari ripoff,1
krishnapal verma : excellent game...makes me feel so relaxed and happy,1
aric akbani : no internet needed. good time passer,1
samy : awesome game,1
dennis fernandes : one of the best game ever played... good graphics,1
terrence bee : grate game even better graphics!,1
justin dembro : you have to play this game it is so fun and exciting,1
sagolsem lalit : it's such a pretty game and very simple to play,1
finger necklace : bless your heart with this gem.,1
sbusiso sbuda : love it,1
issy v : great graphics i love this game!!,1
prabhdeep rihan : love the graphics,1
nick desjardins : i just can't seem to put it down,1
sulaiman samsul : gerry good game. simple and addict,1
yasir malik : simple and smooth gameplay,1
shivdayal kumar : this is an awesome game,1
kubik : love the graphics and the day cycle is so nice,1
john wilson : this game is addicting and beautiful at the same time.,1
vighnesh sivaraman : awesome concept and landscapes. and also the bgm is very soothing.,1
nilanjan dutta : excellent game,1
maxine fisher : i love it sooo much. i highly recommend it.,1
prashana deep : i love the task and complete that and love to play it so edited,1
anand kumar : best game i ever played,1
nicholas stevenson : this game's graphics are so beautiful that it is distracting,1
sandeep singh : the game is way too much fast and huddles are small in size unable to notice at a fast speed and a dim light also because of fast speed unable to enjoy game,1
vahid bashiri : after monument valley it is second best mobile game,1
murari sreenivasulu : it has very good theem in background,1
iseven kay : looks so good and the gameplay is smooth,1
defacto : love the game good time killer,1
rabeh boudifa : this game is so beautiful and nice,1
vedant martin : u should get it,1
surender tanwar : the graphics of the game are super fine,1
bayu muhammad reza : this basic game like a snowboarding,1
hemanth saimahesh : game was good and i mostly like the graphics and music,1
almond milk : my 5 yr old loves playing this game,1
dinesh tungariya : loved the game very much,1
jan afghan : this is good but show lorgest,1
aria kh : the surface is all green on my phone and so are the rocks !!! . the rocks can't be seen at all because they blend in with the background. (during days,0
kevin flores : love it! the graphics so amaze,1
kshitij patil : they're all so soothing!,1
cookimou : very fun and great graphics,1
dren ibrahimi : this game has awesome graphics and the game is lovely,1
j ting : was nice,1
ian melluish : but i seem to have lost all my progress after having to reinstall. please help!?!,0
heru de achaval : finally a nice game that will keep me entretained!,1
sudheer kumar : a pleasant game with pleasant music.. best game ever made .. love it,1
muhammad thaifur : the best game i've ever played,1
ddaksh kumar : nice game good graphics and too fun to play in just less than 40 mb thumbs up,1
jeeva m : very good ui and bg music.. flat ui is impressive... works fast,1
fleks andru : simply gorgeous,1
nukular power : and pretty too,1
luis gutierrez : this game it's beautiful and my minimalist,1
octavianus augustus : graphic,1
guruh gipsy : best graphic,1
prbhu dev : the music is very relaxing. i love this game,1
momen atef : the sounds .. the view ... the music ... the graphics are wonderful . i really recommend it for any one,1
qingyi wu : the game is really good,1
neil alexander octaviano : the game is so relaxing,1
jatin madan : only if it was free on ios too. ohh and the game is epic ...,1
giovanni martello : i keep coming back!,1
bhushan talukdar : great graphics,1
tiaan gildenhuis : helps me when i'm bord,1
anisub07 : great soundtrack,1
deepesh singh : the music is so addictive and inspiring. love the game,1
naveen kumar sivuku : music n the flow of game r awesome...,1
steven rendel : truly fun and just the right amount of challenging.,1
rohan singhal : addictive game .. but why only ten points for backflip :/,1
justin rose : seriously. play it.,1
amol sakhare : nice theme,1
david thompson : one of the best games ever made for the play store.,1
tanay gandhi : great art style,1
melvin : its an amazing game must download,1
subham baidya : it's so easy and fun and adventure game,1
a google user : one of the best physics based games ever.,1
farhan masud chowdhury : it has superb gameplay...just the game i am looking for....,1
udoka nwokolo : love this game,1
angel markov : ok overall,1
nur huda : oh i hope it making season 2 with incredible map.,1
daniel oeij : addictive. good music and ux,1
justin quyle : best game in the app store as far as i'm aware of,1
richard lyall : lost all my 52 levels of progress after the update! aaaaaaaagh!!!! 5 stars down to 1 for that :(,0
ermerk : different kind of graphics (love it),1
ayman jamous : there are so many countries using arabic language as mother tongue ,1
a google user : new ideas,1
immad ullah : a very good production.,1
zheng qu : one of the best,1
mogomotsi nyoni : most chilled game ever.,1
sukhmeet singh : the best minimalistic game ever.,1
krishnendu chakraborty : very nice game.. great timepass and a bit different..,1
nadir bait saleem : amazing graphics and fun gameplay.,1
andi cw : it's simple,1
das_ emo : what a supperb game .. best of 2k16,1
aaron d : addictive i cant stop pplaying this game,1
nilesh lohokare : this game is very nice. and beautiful adventure game,1
philip abraham : a neat simple game with nice graphics.,1
erica myles : my favourite game by far.,1
rananjaya bandara : this is the best game in app store.,1
dreamweaver88 : fantastic game,1
alaikah ahmed : thank you for relaxing me.,1
aryan : best shadow game ever played,1
neale pickett : this game is actually relaxing!,1
john m : 4 stars now upgraded to 5 stars for cloud saves,1
dawnlight guardian : i really like it but not smooth at all!...,1
a google user : very polished one finger game,1
mark warshaw : simple but awesomely awesome,1
puia renthlei : so addictive. relaxing and simple. best game yet of 2016.,1
jarric miller : dis gam be da funest gam on my portubul gam fingy,1
ben : a game of beauty and challenge.,1
daley wilson : cool man and this is the best game ever.,1
xnes 03 : one of the best indie games in the store.,1
jude schappert : got to game,1
sameer ibrahim : really,1
my name is joon : lovely graphics and relaxing music,1
prawaaal : beautiful artstyle,1
pete : very addictive,1
gabor racz : do it! you know you want to!,1
resham singh : top end design n fluidity of the game,1
maaz : please develop more games like this,1
zach taurosa : i love the artwork,1
charles zhou : top notch game try it its great,1
m hasan : awesome graphics n concept,1
m sai : its very ontresting game unlimeted fun,1
bubbz : such a calm game with beautiful visuals,1
dr madhu sudhan gupta : gr8 graphics gr8 music,1
agasti navare : very good graphics and day and night cycles,1
nicolas : you need more upgrades,1
lee mccartney : perfect pick up and play game,1
torment flame : but please add multiplayer,1
kenny m : most relaxing fun and the kids love it,1
kevin honeyreade : what a lovely beautifully drawn game,1
jonathan harris : great but too dark to play outside,1
kat thekat : had it since release and never disappointed,1
mister biggs : more addictive than slots,1
shaun jeckrr : love the game should be more elders,1
joseph albert lim : intuitive and easy to pick up,1
r j jishnu karthik : simple and best game till i played,1
choirul anwar : try to not bored,1
om singh : grt game wid gud graphics,1
siddharth upadhyay : wonderful music i thought that i was in different world,1
dwaipayan banerjee : nice graphics. nice one.nice background music.,1
mohd ashraf bhat : the best adventure game ever i had played in my life and about the graphics what to say man i have no words for them soooooooooooooooo buetyfullllllllllllllll oh my god,1
anant gaming : nyc game nd graphics are awesome .... love these game,1
harsimran singh : excellent game. loved it,1
mickey moore : tons of replay value.,1
prosenjit mondal : needs better tutorial though.,1
roy flores : amazing graphics and sound.,1
kamran hassan : the best i've played on android. ever.,1
janiola merry grae : it's very relaxing actually.. and i enjoyed playing it.,1
mekintos larja : i so love this game!,1
ravinder singh : alto is very beautiful game.,1
kelly hicks : easy to play,1
paulo verde : lovely game,1
richard fielding ii : beautifully simple. great.,1
colin farr : great graphics,1
moise judicael tossou : fantastic graphics,1
kumquat jiminie : and addicting!,1
rahul khamkar : amazing graphics,1
aritra ghatak : soothing music & high quality relaxing graphics,1
sam falla : aesthetically beautiful and addictive - great game,1
mirulfaris : graphic,1
fred harmon : the icon for the game seems to have a dude doing a backflip that would land him backwards. right?,1
somayajula yashwanth : it's a copy of ski safari.,1
lyn flemming : excellent and it's good for focus and concentration,1
kasun dananjaya : this game is just brilliant!!,1
ahmad mostofa taqy : simple,1
a google user : great game. hours of fun.,1
a google user : fun ride... must play to kill the time.,1
bappy chakma : hey i've lost my data. how can i get it back. all progress were lost.,1
aaron lui : aesthetically pleasing and the gameplay induces a soothing effect,1
roberto felipe : great game with amazing audio and visuals!,1
frankie : great graphics. beautiful music.,1
jacob b : fun gameplay,1
stephane lagrange : a lot of fun,1
john rhodes : "its addicting and keeps you occupied",1
gagan deep : music,1
anare nayacakalou : best game ever. play it and believe it,1
emiliano cervera : super fun,1
bray mckxy : sometimes you make jumps. other times you dont. k,1
john marlo : i wish to hear full sound track... it's soo relaxing.... loved the game,1
ella adams : very time consuming.,1
emb ryo : i really enjoyed play this game..,1
greg meyer : this game is a lot of fun.,1
muzeyi yelyen : i'm never uninstalling this game!,1
piku paul : this is the best mobile game i ever seen!!!! the graphics is incredible!!!! the weather changes is fabulous!!!!!! the music is beautiful!!!!! one word this is best!!!!!!! actually this is only that mobile game which change weather also changes time,1
david johnson : fun way to kill 5 minuts,1
rachmad triyono : never get bored to play this game,1
tarun patel : not connect to the google play games,1
reuben madhuker : i would rate it 1000 stars,1
raul lancon jr : game is simple yet entertaining.,1
clint chance : end a run,1
eric sabatini regueira : great graphics on an addicting game. best game on android.,1
sky ant : nice graphic,1
tyrone pantera : amazingly beautiful game and wonderfully simple.,1
arpit patel : the sound is just awesome.......it makes me play this game more and more,1
mark pomata : great game... new levels soon?,1
yumna i s : graphics,1
md. mahmudul islam shuvo : omg. awesome graphics. it takes me a dream world,1
aaryan mannem : it makes mind peaceful.,1
taskin forkan : the beautiful graphics keep me playing.,1
marcus : one of the best games i've ever played,1
sohel rana : it's really nice and full of adventure,1
dolfy royce : i happy its finally on android,1
terry b : needs more scenery and more tricks added,1
subeg singh : i like this game so much,1
caden g : there is absolutely 0 original aspects of this game,1
sri vignesh : just a high end,1
amar nath : simple and adictive...best game i ever played....nice graphics,1
moazzam hasan : this game is very excellent game!,1
isaac fennell : gorgeous design and addictive,1
christ joe : a very interesting and fun game,1
asanka sovis : always keeps you craving for more!,1
antonio jack : simple gameplay. nice graphics and day cycle,1
adnan shah : best graphic and awesome game play...,1
tapoja chatterjee : brilliant graphics,1
frankie g : really fun and simple,1
radha manohar garimella : beautiful playing experience,1
aditya singh : its literallay addicting beware,1
nibin ninan : awsome graphics great game,1
jacob wratten : the best game on my phone,1
nasman : nice art and simple controls,1
jagannath sutar : thnks developer for such superb game,1
ayoub freestorm : everything is perfect in this game,1
leo harrison : nice background and a beautiful game,1
konstantinos theodoulou : my son loves it hours of fun,1
steven lippold : i absolutely love the game,1
mladen hrvanovic : thanks guys,1
sushant gurung : character is bit small,1
suraj moon : can play it forever,1
vivek saraswat : thumbs up developers,1
jaslin jones : really like adventure,1
morteza walizadeh : the best is this use it and enjoy,1
jay rebadomia : smooth gameplay,1
mariana sada : fun and easy to use,1
joanna pacey : i played it at the good guys,1
fariz nugraha akbar : relaxing soundtrack and enjoyable gameplay,1
david p. : its a beautiful game,1
s ali ashraf : simple and addictive with a nice graphic,1
ingibjorg gumundsdottir : very pretty and has nice gameplay,1
raji kasabji : but please more languages,1
aphiwe phewa : its nice to play,1
john ngolo : very addictive and fun,1
james moore : this game looks amazing,1
kt lee : beautiful and lightening landscapes and music.,1
avery saldana : i will play this game,1
metalklug : great casual game,1
mohammad barghouthy : amazing fells like i'm there with the headphones on,1
raushan sharma : melodious sound gives a great relaxation.,1
ayu fatmawati : i love the graphics and thw backsound of this app,1
hardik tyagi : music as well as graphics are very soothing.,1
nyore ikomoni : it's amazing.. the scenery,1
raj thapa : everything is just perfect the rain n the sunrise is the coolest ...... loved it ......,1
kate beevers : i've got one word to say...stupid!!! so bloody stupid,1
a google user : way too awesome to describe. :d,1
swapnil manjare : one of the best game i have enjoyed playing..no error or anything...smooth experience..best thing is that there are no ads in between...excellent effort guys..keep it up :),1
aql edna salam : great adventure game and great graphic.,1
azizul islam rahin : good graphics with great gameplay. love it. "r.,1
nishan rupesh : beautiful graphics.... soothing music.... can play for hours without getting bored,1
vengeance 149 : there are many few games which are best... it is one of them...,0
nina zaveri : i want to know the player after paz.. plz tell me i'm excited,1
aubrey somoza : great graphics. awesome game!,1
vivek pattanaik : i got engrossed in it. play it if you haven't yet folks!!!,1
surajit rajak : awesum gameplay !! very addictive,1
james jackson : great game and great effects just i would like some more detail to the falling like he would tumble a little but or if he is high up and does a frontflip he would tumble and roll more,0
jaqen h'ghar : got addicted to this game....,1
brandon : just give more update,1
imamsha s : good game keep it up ..... i want more background music,1
tanisha chaudhary : i love this game very much . it just amazing......l,1
henry shang : should have had the feature since day one!!,1
sando tomorrow : im a hard player of this game. im in level 55 and counting....,1
queenie yang : it is not syncing my tablet to my phone.,1
sha mit : love this game!it's beautiful!!,1
may : i think the title said enough.,1
a google user : i looooovvveeeeee thisss game! i've download it on my phone and reach level 45 now i'm going to download it on my tab!!!!!,1
notorious devil : love it! love it!! just love it!!! music,1
albani garcia : thank you so much!! now this game is just perfect,1
alexandru popa : love it! nice graphics and sound!,1
stanley sandeep : let's be honest,1
naazj das : please everyone download it. very nice graphics. and very addictive.,1
yemi adetula : awesome game,1
luis manere : i love this game!! the best!!,1
shan thushara : it's a wonderful game. it's a good mind relaxing game.,1
mukul kumar yadav : the game's an editor choice,1
basil sangma : a simple and addictive game!,1
bob dillon : cloud save! w00t!,1
iye vice : love to hack your *.xml file in //device/data/data/com.noodlecake... folder,1
mrfranz entertainment : first game to receive my 5 well done alto. :),1
basti aboy : i love this game ever,1
manish vyas : this game is the best game i ever played,1
jonathan owens : great game for passing the time,1
emmanuel andrade : looks great plays great,1
kailash rao : one of the best visuals and soundtracks,1
maruf ahmed : good time pass game,1
tuffreeza : just a relaxing game to play,1
aryan jaiswal : its too good game,1
yiting chen : relaxing,1
chuck reimer : simple,1
himanshu maurya : nice game and awesome music,1
tahera khan : very soothening game. love it,1
alan ne : the artwork,1
kyle buchanan : it's a good game,1
faisal amin : nice smooth and awesome.,1
shivashis sengupta : it's just utterly butterly delicious,1
mark muska : a lot of fun....enjoy trying to beat the different levels.,1
marco rodriguez : incredible scenarios in love with the design,1
sivakumar mani : i don't have any words to say but very...very...very great amazing.......,1
terrakotta : just great. highly recommend,1
rakhi menon : please help me do the triple backflip,1
awaludin danu primantomo : cannot open the game in asus zenfone 5,1
milos milojevic : not perfect,1
jedidiah agume : totally worth the download..... damn....,1
rohit sarkar : quite good game.. almost keeps me occupied most of the time....,1
natalie wee : great game,1
mario ortiz : it says,1
benjamin carroll : most boopinest game ever.,1
paul florian : great game but full of ads. where can i find a paid version without ads?,1
anthoni askaria : beautiful graphic,1
ankur kumar : loved the game but i can't see my high score.. why? fix it..,1
iden ndungi : it's fine and beautiful scenery,1
kamal papnai : awesome year...... never get tired of it,1
firecracker 17 : it's a piece of art,1
sazzad rume : such mind blowing game! loving it!,1
indrajeet javeri : the smooth gameplay...very nice interface and ux design.... and superbly animated graphics just makes it too good to play... loved it...!!,1
suman karmakar : everything about this game is awesome. the concept is unique. love playing it.....,1
a x : i love how it changes weather and it becomes night and day!!! awesome ideas and graphics!!!!,1
ashwin achary : beautiful graphics.. fun game,1
h jadeja : so much funnn and addictive,1
sam fisher : amazing gfx with swift control .... awesome moves ... perfect game,1
sanjit sahu : nice & addicted game .,1
chris andrews : can i please buy an ad free version?,1
punit kumar : kindly add new players n levels...done with all levels...plzz,1
rebecca beck : loving it!!,1
krishnendu debnath : spectacular graphics,1
misty weaver : can't. stop. playing.,1
jibu kurian : awesome game.. so addictive,1
anoop bharadwaj : progress does not sync acros devices even after signing into cloud. my progress in tablet doesn't sync with phone.,0
angela morales : love this game!!!! great way to pass time!! warning!!! it's addicting!,1
induchoodan p : i love the game a lot..it's really addictive...,1
marton marquez : two thumbs up to the devs..,1
sanjay dutta : really pleasure to play.,1
austin brooks : why does this need access to my photos? uninstalled as soon as it asked.,0
prafull dhadkar : game is so addictive because of its graphics... great job...,1
devashish nema : simple,1
shiv kumar bhagat : it's a very nice game,1
lakdilu kulasinghe : highly addictive,1
pavan kumar : worst game ever game @ cant play single level **unable to cross the mountain^^^^^^^,0
ivan toroman : one of the best games i've played in a while,1
mohamed gamal : stunning visuals,1
ashley cooper : game is amazing and addicting!,1
david allee : awesome! beautiful and fun.,1
jezreel audric cabanda : awesome graphics and gameplay. relaxing.,1
bikash das : i'm addicted with this game.,1
xansevieria * 3* : tupa is one of my favorite!,1
sma maravelia : such a beautiful and addictive game!,1
kamaljeet kaur : it is a nice app .,1
etoamaihe chidi k : highly recommended!,1
anees ahmad : amazing effect,1
amir davis-ellison : it is so addictive,1
christian page : this game is dope!,1
magic loaf : every time i try to play it it won't work,1
saleem sheikh : full time pass hai........ zabardast graphic..... enjoyable game hai,1
viraj vardhan : the more you go far the more you go fast,1
jayas p jacob : no need of showing tips everytime game starts.,1
tom h : title.,1
myke wan : splendid,1
sifat syed : loved it...amazing game.. great graphics..,1
vladimir driscu : not that awesome...,1
ilya maksimovych : awesome game. thank you,1
matthew pena pena : i love this game the music and the color!!! :-) :-),1
r_m.a.n.i : this game is so fun!!,1
lexani spaulding : this game is the best,1
a google user : the feel and the view of the game is amazing... its a fun game to play...,1
umar jamil : really enjoyed!,1
mahmoud garada : super cool game,1
lim lam : ...but can you his like update it?,1
shafeek mohammed : great sound effects....i love it,1
ron dutta : great game.... waitin on the next release,1
shantanu acharya : one of the best games ever...,1
robin fransen : this new update is frustrating,1
andrew skog : download. it's awesome!,1
richard lachiver : ads cause app to crash,1
mike vining : cute game that is simple and relaxing.,1
abhishek sankhwal : awesome graphics! and soothing soundtracks!,1
haroh garcia : my progress is gone after updating to the latest version.,1
zohaib hasan : whenever i tried to play it is force closed,1
mary phebus : beautiful,1
broski d3vn : totally rockin y'all,1
matoe : best offline game in the appstore. 100/10.,1
new generation : no words to describe...,1
alen paul : nice gameplay...... sweet bgm,1
himanshu dahal : its coool 2 time pass,1
densil grant : gaming done simple,1
ali zamin : one of the addictive game i played.....,1
zarif rahman : incredible graphics !!,1
utkarsh arya : a good game ...must have it,1
david gontis : it's a great game.,1
arif arfanda rudini : best at its class!!,1
eric szuminski : can't tell what is what. watch out for rock....that was a rock?,1
gokul raj : a beautiful game worthy of ones time! 10/10 for me!!!,1
arief ansori : i love this game,1
eugene o. quinones : why are the ads that allow you to continue playing after a crash landing not working anymore???,0
mihir gupta : lovely game ryan cash...,1
subhash chandra : i enjoyed it very much,1
malindu kumaradasa : great game! loved it!,1
kader ibrahim : i am addicted to play ......awesome..,1
gerard rustady : so relaxing,1
taylan kazak : unlock tupa. he's worth it.,1
siva sai : in a word...it's awesome,1
jithu sygal : the graphics,1
michael geels : same thing over and over again,1
jonathan roberts : nice graphical fun game,1
i d : this is the best game ever,1
swapnil paithankar : good graphics!,1
mahmoud tarek : most amazing game i ever play in my live ..,1
a google user : great game!,1
martin dechev : great game!,1
phillip riley : great game!,1
joanne stacey : great game!,1
a google user : great game!,1
pariesa h : great game,1
odee : best graphics,1
dinesh selvam : it's really cool to play always...,1
syed shahabuddin : mersmerizing and beautiful artwork!!!!!,1
kibrey tetemke : it's simply amazing,1
snbzd pro : love the music .tnx,1
hussain aviculture omer hussain : loved it .. such a visual art ... changes of weather .. amazing,1
debjit guha : most soothingly experience. sound & music... awesome.,1
unni krishnan : loved it!!!,1
varsha guruprasad : could be better. its a nice game,1
white yasha conan : at the night,1
a google user : will there be any advancement? any updates,0
raphael freire : i've lost all of my progress after the update! i was on level 24,0
saketh ram : nice game to play with pleasant music,1
a google user : this game is really fun!,1
namita patnaik : it's a nice game,1
bhuwan dutt : great graphics and concept.,1
ben toppi : fun,1
amas albert : simple,1
vidhyasagar manivannan : i hate this game,1
brigita kr : just obsessed by this game,1
alexandre dionne : but works,1
israel flores : it realls stinks,1
lenin sujithra : for relaxation,1
guian llewel baroman : fun and relaxing.,1
aristyanto manggala : woooowww,1
benigno augusto estrada reyes : awesome game,1
elvin maharramov : stunning graphics and fluency,1
jonathan duarte : fun when board,1
aobakwe ncube : it's totally awesome,1
gandy wf : need more challenge.,1
arie islamianto : simply the best.,1
durjoy kar : what an awesome graphics!!just loved it!!,1
waleed zalloum : simple,1
sajjad tufail : excellent piece of work.,1
uday kumar : thank you so much for a wonderful game...love it...,1
adnan : it's a good for children's..,1
shay gliz : love this game it's fun,1
imah baik : can't open!!,1
najeeb khan : fabulous fantastic so nice.....,1
misael mauricio : is a goo game....must try,1
david sherrer : couldn't put it down,1
mac lundgren : awesome game in love,1
jems : it is taking me to a pleasant feel ... amazing...,1
jaiganesh rajkumar : i like graphics and background very much,1
william thomson : love this game !,1
a. george thomson : wth? where's the cloud save option.,1
dzenan mucevic : great graphics!,1
hardeek kumar : totally loved it...,1
k.r.vishnu narayanan : awesome background music...,1
chinmoy mahapatra : recommended!,1
tanmay nazar : awesome experience!,1
amy fox : to much space.,1
marien ortiz : beautiful and addictive!,1
tyler clark : can't....stop....playing.,1
franz cimeni : absolutely gorgeous!,1
vaughn engler : simple. addicting.,1
basant dadhich : cool graphics......,1
crazymind 25 : this game is awsme..!,1
aditya mishra : loved it!,1
dez days : playing this for hours.,1
aditi : amazingly addictive!,1
jeremiah hernandez : awesome game and amazing graphics,1
wai meng looi : graphic and soundtrack is very soothing,1
vamshi krishna : addictive game,1
mrityunjay mishra : great graphics and gameplay,1
pankaj : awesome graphics,1
kyle wentzel : definitely great,1
aritra dam : awesome game on simple graphics,1
matthew thompson : i love this app and the graphics,1
chanelle fruean : great game and highly addictive,1
dustin c. : smooth gameplay,1
nika : this is a really good game,1
sanjay jayachandran : what an excellent game,1
gitonga wa king'ori : amazing addictive satisfying game,1
henry hansen : fun and addicting,1
adam sullivan : simple and additive,1
daniel rassel : lots of fun,1
franco cruz : great game to play,1
timothy dover : simple but fascinating,1
roshi : graphics and smooth gameplay,1
devlinr : nice art and very fun,1
low yiheng : great graphics and gameplay,1
sailaja susarla : nice game good graphics,1
cathy chen : beautiful visual and really addictive,1
ole helland : most addictive game in years,1
surya : very good graphics,1
kazim hussain : best gameplay and superb sound,1
bence toth bagi : great gameplay and visuals,1
hassan haq : amazing graphics and performance level,1
angel malagon : this game is so beautiful,1
sabina sultana : terrified.,1
manish thapa : awsome game.could u add some more stuff?,1
devin wilson : fun game to hit rocks,1
vijay dandem : really a superb game .....,1
asphodel victoria : great graphics,1
shraddha : i feel the weather,1
chandan giri : it's awesome,1
jordan du toit : lag/low frame rate after update?,1
parth jansari : i lost my deta on google play i achived so much then i format device and now when i install and play and also log in it cant done,1
ceejay choa : it was fun.,1
glogamb chicken : great game,1
nasduck nasduck : it's great,1
michael anderson : great graphics and story,1
wade mosier : nicely done...,1
abhijit banerjee : really love it...,1
siddharth verma : anythung new guys gonna add? new scene,1
abdulaziz alnuaimi : i like it too much,1
palash lakhera : not even loading :(,1
adriana owens : i haven't played the game yet,1
arviva stewart : love the game,1
arnab de : once data is deleted,1
ollie stockley : too frustrating,1
boss muqtadir boss : downloading,1
krishnendu mishra : loovely addiction,1
pr patel : most addicted,1
tariq kyam : it's a tight game,1
ram kumar : i love this game,1
zach martens : really fun,1
navaneeth s : love the game to bits,1
n.sonai muthu : download this game,1
abdul sagar : nice and music is subrb,1
jbo jones : great calming game,1
chris moony : simply beautiful and fun,1
sukanya kakoty : very good graphics,1
seppe bonella : great game,1
pranav s sathees : very nice game,1
denzel gondwe : elegant and meticulously designed,1
akash mehta : great game,1
puspen sarkar : simple n awsm,1
s.visvanathan visu : great game play,1
rishav chowdhury : nice and creative game,1
mr suleman : this game is amazing,1
ben : crazy good graphics,1
andrew marquez : relaxing and good gameplay,1
mohammad nasir : incredibly additive,1
hermes santos : what a beautiful game,1
ismael olivera : addictive game,1
mezbaul alam : addictive and fun,1
li reid : how is this game this good,1
gg a234 : very relaxing and enjoyable,1
deepanshu rathore : simple and good game,1
mudasser ajaz : too much fun,1
jibran ahsan : love the material design,1
ashley arreguin : such a beautiful game,1
olayinka abiodun : great game,1
mohamad halwanji : great just you,1
marcos gonzalez : great game,1
rajendran thirumalammal : good offline game,1
anysukhee hairtai : great game,1
chumki roy : good graphics and gameplay,1
a google user : addictive and lovely graphics,1
casey : kl is cool btw,1
sushil kumar bhaskar : what a game.loving it,1
velimir uljarevic : loving it...,1
jabir o : cool .,1
louw burger : drop everything &download,1
pranav trivedi : i am changing my phone. how can i transfer my current game progress to the new phone? or will i have to start a new game on the new phone??,1
manish singh : cant sync my score,1
miso sori : thanks for the cloud save,1
tiago machado : uninstalled when asked to watch a video,0
shiv raj : i like the background music,1
ofir gavish : great game,1
preetham san : good graphics,1
vishnu mohan : i saved my progress by signing in.. and after update i lost all my game progress and now i have to start it all again.... going to uninstall,0
a google user : so relaxing,1
eduard medina : addictive and relaxing,1
asifur rahman mithu : it's an epic game.....,1
taylor sturtz : seriously too dark,1
radfire _78 : add more characters,1
ashish gore : must download & chill forever........,1
prikshit kumar : 5000 coins and 4 llamas in the name of llama stampede. r u frigging kidding me?,1
f l : perfect game,1
christian zommerfelds : great game,1
hardik chawla : great graphics,1
fmshah 1490 : amazing graphics,1
james nichols : great game,1
ubad arab : love on the brain,1
falseleadersareamongus : great game,1
justin coquat : addictive fun,1
shervon _22 : great game,1
edvinas simkus : really nice,1
jason brinkle : beautiful and challenging,1
adam b : pretty good,1
jason romero : the best,1
amar asad : great game,1
ryan robert arranguez : addictive,1
maxim : great game,1
randy chavez : elegant and addictive,1
petra nemeckova : great game,1
pog : great graphics,1
saad qadeer : beautiful graphics,1
shaun magnano : great game,1
kishan chand : awesome soundtrack,1
tejas nityanand : great game,1
ronojoy mookerjee : best graphics,1
mia p : great game,1
belol nasim : simple and addictive,1
abis07 : soothing experience,1
nathan thomson : beautiful and fun,1
stacey deselle : awesome game,1
bryony kendrick : so addictive,1
shaharyar ahmad : neat and cool,1
christian ray : very soothing,1
michael b : beautiful and fun,1
ahmed ellol : great game,1
krishnamoorthy r : lovely visual,1
shreyas s : great game,1
antonio jackson : its cool,1
alek partsalev : really relaxing,1
nabhan chowdhury : great game,1
stefan cangri : adicting,1
rahul ganguly : pretty good,1
rupam poddar : nice graphics,1
akash baburaj : great game,1
a google user : smooth and polished,1
fritz sanandres : its addictive,1
prasad daryapurkar : absolutely love it,1
david vasquez : really fun,1
aries 2016 : graphic a,1
micah liotta : one of the best,1
prabhat chandra : mind blowing,1
madhav kandukuri : very beautiful,1
pratima bajpai : great game,1
umair sarfraz : great game,1
rajat kumar sarkar : very addictive,1
atilla hanefi macun : to goody to be true but it is true,1
yaseen ramzan : there are no sound settings!!!!,1
harvin vevron : love this game,1
the boss karen : relaxing,1
shabbir rashid : it's ok,1
official karan : boring,1
zac openshaw : cool,1
sultan zaib : addictive,1
ashish aggarwal : addictive,1
shambo sengupta : addictive,1
shalu k shahul : coool,1
michael carrera : exciting,1
nevus view : cool,1
dante balaji balaji : interesting,1
ajeng putri hartini : relaxing,1
kim thomas : addictive,1
amir rock : the best,1
ahmed gamal : charming,1
roopesh v r : cool,1
jason logue : cool,1
viveshan moonsamy : cool,1
tushar saxena : cool,1
reda belabed : it's ok,1
gyorgy david czako : i have a new phone and have a lot achievements in my google profile. but none of them have been loaded in after the sign in. how could that be fixed?,0
shawn l : crashs on startup,1
nadigatla raju : it was super,1
hossam benbordi : stop the ad,1
sam boldon : it's aight,1
martin winkler : suck it,1
avalon schultz : addicting addicting addicting addicting addicting addicting addicting addicting addicting addicting addicting addicting,1
x7645 : boss,1
chee thao : cool game and good concept. but the rock factor should be changed a bit. as you have background and foreground settings like houses and stuff,1
akshay paratmandali : the game is great but the level should be change in game without ending it and one other thing is to complete the level you have tackle all 3 challenge s which is not good. then skiping all 3 mission cost same as retrieving so no body care for retrieving please reduced that amount.. other than that game is legendary....,0
istvan krizan : the game design is very nice and the gameplay is enjoyable. however i would like the option for turning off the day/night cycle. it's hard to see at night. i rate it 5 stars just because it have a lot if space for more stuffs and hope it would have some new features in the future.,1
joe abreu : super fun game. one annoyance,1
alexander stanton : it's an instant death when an unfair lizard game ad pops up without pausing the game. i helplessly see my poor character crash into a rock in the background while trying to close the add only crashes the game. it's a beautiful,0
daniel : great game but,1
todd dubois : your new pop-up ad is: loud,1
wilson moyer : endless runners are stupid,1
subin george : can anyone tell me how in the world can u escape those crazy stupid elders. i never ever got past one. ssly when u are skiing all of a sudden a person comes out of nowhere and hits u and then its all over. i mean its really game over after that. i never understood why is that crazy elder mad at us anyway. this makes no sense.,1
mel : this game blew me away,1
chad botha : this game is magnificent. well done noodles... canadians for the win. absolutely love this game. i die in the game but only because of the scenery and the change in weather and time patterns being so diverse and refreshing. please make more games like this and you'll have much more praise by me. and that's saying a lot.,1
bones of ninja : recently an ad for noodle cake games started popping up in the middle of my runs causing me to crash into rocks or other obstacles because the game doesn't pause while the ad has popped up. it's really annoying,0
battlesushi : the graphics look really nice with its own charming style and changing daytime. that is about all good i can say. the story is a short joke to catch lamas,1
ratul islam emon : i just love it. background music is so comfy. best gaming music ever i had. just one thing,1
scott s : there is something very special about mobile games that actually take care to put effort and passion into their product; alto does this with style. rare are games that are fun and honest and not just trying to reel in the idiot whales to spend piles of cash on their garbage virtual addiction machines. alto is thoughtfully designed,1
sajid alam : truly a marvel to play. i have been playing this from when it was exclusive to ios and required a fee pretty bummed about that but it's worth it. the visuals,0
jay lowe : i had a problem with a reoccurring ad popping up during gameplay which i emailed the developer about. i received a response almost immediately and although i haven't checked to see if this has been sorted yet,0
jenna reott : loved this game all 4 of my children and i were playing it. then one day my game started having a 2 second delay when i tried to jump. gave it 2 weeks and kept trying to play but never fixed. so i deleted the game and redownloaded to see if that would fix it. it did but i lost all of my progress in the game. i will no longer play because it didn't save to my account. very disappointed! we really liked this game.,0
jclavs reviews : i have been playing a bit,1
tom coffey : i'm so glad that i've had to play so many boring and sub par games in my short lifetime to appreciate this game for what it is. the graphics are breathtaking,1
eddie schell : i'm having a slight problem where my screen starts to dim from inactivity of tapping the screen i am using a nexus 6p on 6.0.1 march update. i realize i could change my screen timeout settings but i feel this can be easily remedied by the developer. many other games allow the screen to stay awake. if this is fixed it will be changed to 5 stars. a visually stunning game with equally captivating music. wonderful!,0
kay flow : really enjoying this game have played to level 33 now and not got bored yet. could do with a few more gadgets to unlock. a couple of minor bugs: sometimes when i resume after pausing the game it doesn't react when i tap the screen to jump and have to restart the game then it is fine again and also sometimes the game doesn't set me back on the track after falling down a chasm - samsung galaxy s5,0
cristescu alexandru : when ever the noodlecake comercial appears the game crashes and closes instantly. it doesn t matter the moment when the window appers. if it appears at the moment you start the app or when you pause the game,0
gauravan : totally addictive and worth it. this has such a calm and relaxing soundtrack that it feels very good while playing this game. giving 4 stars because it still has a lot of scope and can add a lot of features to it. like adding more characters to unlock,1
shane hager : i just "beat" the game,1
doom badger : there is something quietly wonderful about this game. the mechanics are simple and the physics is sublime. the graphics are wonderfully subtle,0
fabric painting pro : i loveeee itt . its really a beautiful game with beautiful graphics . the overall idea is so beautiful. feels like its not alto who does skiing .. its me . such a beautiful game . only thing i am not giving it 5 stars is that it should have a training session in the beginning to master the jumping combos . and that reviving is tooo costly in terms of earned coins. plzzz work on it and add othe backgrounds as well.,0
satan sama : it has a life. it lives and breathes. well,1
tom griffiths : other developers take note: this is how you do ad-supported. unobtrusive,1
aaron : it's graphics r way below average at best. an the game constantly puts you in situations where your going to die without options for success and when at night you can barley see the screen and im using the samsung s7 that has a great display. i read all the other comments and thought ok let's try this. wow i wish i wouldn't have. total waste of time,0
john barnabas hughes : it's my go-to for a fun/skill combo. i wish it could sync progress over devices,1
shyam vasudev : this is a very simple yet perfect game,1
wesley loh : i liked this game enough to make in-game purchases,1
ghayas baig : this game is very nice. i've been playing this game for a long while now. the only problem im facing is that i re installed the app after which my achievments are reset aswell. even though im signed in with my google account and it shows my high score and achievments aswell but the game starts from level 1 :(,0
jack xhemali : i usually play mobile games for maybe a week or so then delete it and get a new one. this game however is fantastic in its art,1
chris laplante : such an amazing game. reminds me of ski free for windows 95,1
chris pierce : loved this game until your stupid noodlecake ads kept crashing the game. i was in the middle of my best round,1
yuquan tan : it's like ssx in 2d for mobile. edit: i don't mind giving the option to watch a video but now there's pop up ads out of nowhere during game play. that really kills the mood for me. i paid money for a game so to still have ads is uncalled for. down from a 5 to a 3 now,0
benjamin k : i really enjoy this game- the graphics are stunning,1
will francis : this is a great little game that blends skill and speed into an enjoyable time-wasting diversion. the replay value is definitely high. the graphics look gorgeous and really capture ambient light well. no need to pay to win either. my only complaint is that i wish once you beat all the levels they let you go back and try and complete any you may have skipped through coins. but that's a small gripe. definitely download.,0
a h : this game has surpassed the likes of subway surfers,1
matthew balconi : simple yet elegant graphics and gameplay. there's only one control (jump) but there's a lot of gameplay around just that one action like many side scrolling games. i like the changing weather/daytime conditions a lot,0
richard cagle : love this game. smooth controls,1
adrian anderson : elegant graphics and decent physics. not a lot of "help" info however. took me a while to figure out where to change the character - main page,0
erik g. : the game is stunning. it gives you a slight feeling of being mystical. but it just doesn't have much purpose. the power ups are rare and the only trick you can do is a backflip. the only purchases increase the duration of the rare power ups. i'd've liked to have seen more tricks or atleast the ability to increase backflip speed. aside from graphics,0
nathan charteris : this game its really fun and enjoyable to play,1
lindsay gaines : this is a gorgeous little game with a great mechanic. thanks to the developer for making it free! small bug,1
atandor : amazing game. amazing graphics. amazing gameplay. well done to the developer(s). my only two very small pet peaves; somtimes going into an add can black out the screen,1
adrian : love the game but i find it near impossible to play when it's night mode,1
hannah klasky : hours of fun,1
tim span : no idea how to get new snowboarders,1
lifetake : i really love this game. just finishing up the missions. one thing though is i really hate the final character. he is just an easy compilation of all the characters abilities. i loved the game for using the different characters to complete the missions. now there is no point to me not picking this guy. why pick any of them when he can do all. it just killed what i liked about the game. if i would suggest change him to have a new ability and in later updates add new characters to unlock and new powerups.,1
timothee c.d. : i used to like the fun of ski safari,1
amey talekar : i can keep playing this game for hours. it has amazing 2d visuals and the cleanest graphics i have seen in a long time. the background score blends beautifully with the scenery and the setup. an additional bonus,1
jim krueger : intrusive pop-up ads ruined it. they even add them for paying players. i don't say they ruined it because it's annoying,0
ev mattison : originally game the game 5 stars. is a awesome game. however,1
smile more : the definition of a mobile game,1
kill _me : ok i have had alot of fun on this game but there's a small bug. sometimes when we tap the screen he doesn't jump. this has been happening alot. please fix and thank-you so much for making this awesome game!,0
the pendulum : very nice game,1
dean walker : this is very strange because the gameplay is so simple,1
andy ho : i don't normally do reviews on my own but i must applaud you for this game and more importantly the ad free aspect makes this game so much more enjoyable. all that i ask for in future update is to provide an option to disable day cycle,1
lost ezekiel : this is the best free to play i've had the pleasure to play on android so far. its aesthetic,1
hera sharif : i have never left a review for any mobile games before,1
struf kurdy : but it has undeniable flaws. like the day/night cycle makes for sublime sceneries,1
fatal kill : love the real time background cool graphics best gameplay. your trully amazing guys! can you add more enemy other than elder chasing,1
ian g. : i'll edit this review to 5 stars when the bug gets fixed,1
diptanu paul : the graphics and music is the reason i keep playing this game. the gameplay needs a lot of improvement. there are so many things this game can do. i hope to see some major upgrades which is really necessary coz there is not much challenge other than skating and completing mission. also the physics of the game has to be more real life like and more smooth. currently it is a buggy one. there can be more elements and areas of exploration in the game. the environment is good but it should show more. i guess an option of high and low gfx can be there. although i didn't get a chance to see if this game can sync data with other devices or not. but it is something u should have. i may not have this game forever but if i do reinstall,0
paul h : noodle cake's ads pop up and interrupt the game,1
stefan miron : i usually don't make game's reviews,1
a google user : i love this game. i generally don't like these endless runner style games but this one is well made with simple yet gorgeous graphics. the music is really nice too. i've been addicted a few weeks now,0
victor warren : it took me a moment to figure out the controls (they're so simple it's scary),1
tejal sutrave : here you are playing and enjoying the game n suddenly your player crashes from the snowboard. then u see what happened exactly and then you come to know it crashed on the obstacle. so,1
amanda fowler : this game is so well made and easy to use. the whole style,1
josephus dela serna : graphics are superb as well as the audio,1
jon fey : i've been having some issues with the game not allowing me to jump after i've paused it,0
kedar munje : awesome game! it has very smooth animations. different concept. though the,1
night time gets a little dark and won't be able to spot the obstacles,1
easily,1
rather than night it would be great! otherwise all good.,1
nate parker : edit: still no fix for my lost data. edit:now all data from my phone is gone. played for weeks to get as far as i was. fix it. first off this game is great. i'm on level 41 on my phone (mxpe) and can't sync my progress with my nexus 7 (2013). 5 stars once they fix this oversight.,0
blake veit : graphics are simple but enjoyable. gameplay is easy to learn but hard to master. only four stars because whenever i crash and it prompts if i want to revive by watching a video,0
brian davenport : i loved this game until the recent update. now every time i initially open the game an advertisement for pull the tongue pops up. when i click no thanks,1
hari prabhu : one of the best game i've played so far. graphics are top-notch,1
ethan hayward : very fun game,1
filip h : one of the best games i played till last week when new game advert pops up mid game and when you press "no thanks" for installing it kicks you out completely. please remove it or set it on the beginning / before you start new round so it won't interrupt.,1
a google user : i really enjoy this game. great art direction,1
casey owens : this game is to good. i won't to see this grow so much. i never pay for games but this one i would. id even pay for add one or a second one. this is a group of heard working creators that get how to keep you addicted to a game without making you give up real money. just so great nice job guys thank you for making this small beautiful world for me to just kill sometime in. and to the artists. they clean lines smooth colors and lighting . it really makes this feel like a beautiful outdoor mountain experience.,1
lloyd barclay : used to love this game,1
richard cullen : looks great,1
benjamin cox : so i've gotten to the point where i can score in excess of 75k trick points per run,1
nirmit upadhyay : amazing game. but as you progress,1
leivon sanjay : goals are good enough to hook you up for a long time. but the real charm is in its visuals. retro-styled minimalistic graphics are hard to ignore. atmospheric sound effects really brings the game come to life. shifting in day-night and in weathers is so seamless. landscapes are so beautifully created. no gamers could skip to glare for a moment further away mountains at down as you sliding down with your skateboard. definitely recommend to everyone!!,1
the one-take djentleman : great game,1
noah bernhardt : this game was pretty amazing before noodlecake started spamming you about their new game with a pop-up that crashes the game more often than not. the game itself is a lot of fun,1
miguel colon : this game is awesome ! you just pick up and play. one thing ,1
roman shah : one of the best (perhaps it is the best !) games i have ever played. the graphics and sounds are beautiful,1
the zman : this game was a blast until you added startup ads. they crash it every time. now they've started popping up after i "watch a video" ad to resume play,0
catherine : it's a brilliant game. the graphics are beautiful and the scenery is a thrill to see. it's a basic upgrade game where one can pick up coins and spend them in the shop to buy things that might better their next score. there aren't many in app purchases that i can see; there's only one that can double your rings. there aren't many advertisements either,1
tullio forteleoni : nice game. to be honest though,1
j freeman : gameplay,1
laura lockwood : easy way to get proximity flying goal (discovered accidentally)! activate wingsuit and fly along a stretch of bunting (i did it over a chasm). the bunting counts as the ground so you can fly as close to it as you want without smashing into anything. done and done! oh and this game is awesome. download it.,1
vincent chee : alto is art. it is a luxury feeling to play this game after a long day in train travelling home. it is nice to see,1
thomas : but so limited ! ain't much of an adventure : all you do is race downhill,1
matthew demas : alto's adventure is an excellent endless runner game. it's easy to play and provides fun,1
pepe pls : awesome game,1
dillon sander : not worth downloading in my opinion. lacks content,1
a google user : i struggle with depression and anxiety,1
harun akar : it is one the best games i have ever played. it is simple and playful. the graphics and musics effects make it more beautiful. i love the realistic weather phenomenons and the light effects by the weather and in addition that the sound effects. when it snows,1
n r hegde : the this is i was super excited while downloading to play this game. i rated it low because it does not run on my asus zenfone 5 with jelly bean os. as soon as i open the game it shows "unfortunately alto has closed". so plzz creators giveme an idea to play this game and rate it 5 stars. thank you.,0
zoya ahsan : i love this game and would of given it 5 stars however there are some problems in the gameplay. the jump control sometimes does not work,0
chris peck : i love this game. it's fantastic,1
krishna a : one of the most beautiful games of ios is here on android for free. its soothing and relaxing. go enjoy. but the goals beyond a point will become unrealistic,1
ryland davis : complete rip off of ski safari,1
garrett s : great game,1
yasfi : not that different with other similar games: fun at first,1
batmon wayne : at first i was in doubt in seeing the "2d" art style of the game but after a few seconds my mind clicked and realized how every detail down to the sound and animation when having performed a backflip was perfect. very few devs can execute a phone game to this level,0
peter o'neill : great gameplay,1
martin lee : i stopped playing for a month because i couldn't view an ad for a retry,0
roll with it : great graphics... handling is a bit rigid. and rocks are often hard to spot before its too late... and then it is just that,1
dustin mauk : worked great until an update. now,1
twinborn : this is a great game with a lot of potential and i think it could become one of the best games on the play store but it just needs more tricks and things to buy. i feel like i want to have to learn tricks and master them but the only trick there is is a backflip. if you guys would add more tricks and things to buy i would be extremely greatful!,0
nathan oshea : this is probably the most used game on my phone. i play it all the time if is so addictive. the art style is amazing as you can see from the pictures. if i had to choose from 1-10 (ten being the most liked and 1 being the most disliked) i would choose 11/10. overall i would highly recommend this game.,1
anupam tiwari : addicting adventure with sweet music to calm your nerves. one can play this game for hours. best thing is you don't need internet connection to play. we dont have internet everywhere,0
i nvm : the upsides to this game include the amazing graphics for a mobile device. the downsides are how boring it gets,1
vikramajit singh : such a beautiful game and that too with a great overall gameplay. it's such a rare combination of perfection. and the bonus is,1
etay afriat : its a good game but i was disappointed to find out that i cant sync my progrees to my new phone. plus i have made contact with the developers that didnt answered me besides an auto reply message that doesnt help. very disappointed i dont think i'd play your games again.,1
etherealscorpions : whenever i revive,1
yaniv chernish : the game looks very polished,1
greg r : on first start up,1
luke jackson : i don't normally write reviews but i couldn't resist with this app. this game feels and plays like a $5 game but it's free! the graphics and lighting are some of the best i've seen and the gameplay keeps it addicting to come back and play. there are goals to work towards to maintain interest but i do feel more cosmetic items should be introduced. overall this game is one of the best free games i've played and there aren't even ads that interrupt gameplay.,1
rafael juan alfredo luz : a good game with a beautiful overall aesthetic. now can you please stop showing ads while my character is skiing downhill at the same time. ads are fine being tied with the revive mechanic,0
carlos : what is up with the feather power up,1
elyse hyde : i cannot locate the scarf that can be purchased for 3.99. i saw it then it disappeared! i tried everything.still cant find. thanks alot fir fixing,1
greta galbraith : if you like games that are pleasing on the eye then this is for you! beatuiful backdrops,1
zach wotruba : this is a great game,1
themissingpatient : this game is calming as a time waster and a lot of fun for free gaming. easy to play anywhere,1
a google user : there is some noticeable lag going on,1
vinit rathod : i am in love with this game i just loved the graphics and also the background sounds quality. mostly i don't play games but this game is just awesome i am addicted to this game thank you "noodlecake studios inc" for making such an awesome game...,1
harold reyes : please help me retrieve my previous alto game. screen of my samsung galaxy note 2 has been broken and i can no longer use it nor recover my files and games. i already unlocked the first unlockable character (girl; you can see it on my achievements). my level is already above 10 but can't remember the exact level i had,0
djwm : the game is fun and simple,1
hemant kashyap : don't go on that 2-d world. the game is very beautiful than almost every 2-d game. although there is some room for improvement. overall,1
steven trunz : i really like the game but it has a minor flaw which i'd like to address. every time i start it an ad for another game by noodlecake starts (which is okay,1
sean fleming : i have only one concern. reviving is a good idea,1
zackariah ausgotharp : the app always crashes after in game ads are shown,0
jose velazquez : beautiful game,1
maja vencel : my phone update marshmallow and the game started hiccuping and slowing down it slows down much more when it's in the trees. when the graphics are more intense,1
subinoy ghosh : game is very goodbut i signed in with my google play account in my new phone but didn't synchronized fully well. i can see my achivements but can't play with my unlocked characters. have to play from beginning. the process is not taking place. please fix the problem else not going to play it.,0
prashanth kumar : pros : you feel relaxed just while at skiing for real,1
ananya bhardwaj : great game,1
james netusil : you need to fix the watch video feature. many times it will simply show a black screen and then the game won't return. yes i am connected to internet. this flaw has ruined several very good runs.,0
justin anderson : i wish there were more games like this; not only focused on interesting game-play,1
ara patvakanian : i love the game but after i reinstalled it i connected it google play. it said i had some of the achievements that i did have but it doesn't let me change my character (i got up to paz) or do anything else. developers please resolve this problem (feel free to email me). again,1
pratik jadhav : this will be the first review am writing! this game is just awesome,1
sharath kumar m.s. : this game is a visual treat! it takes you on an epic journey ,1
tarun sidharth : i had to reset my phone and when i installed it after that i ended up losing all my progress. i thought you guys backed up to play games coz i connected it to the app. an otherwise beautiful (and buggy) game that is let down because of a very important but missing feature.,0
a google user : this game pretends to have a simple story,1
why keen tham : wonderful game! just a comment about the paid option though. it's not really compelling enough for me to spend the money on that feature alone. i still paid though because i love you guys and want to support you,1
ramy fanous : since yesterday,1
a google user : this is a beautiful game. who could ever tire of watching lamas slide down snowy mountains on their bums? it's challenging,1
bruce glennon : great game. level progression is smooth and obvious,1
lachlan hibbert-wells : seriously! i loved playing the game - it's beautiful,1
wes blaney : great game,1
rose marshall : looks like fun but it's bordering on impossible to see in the dark. also,1
niel coetsee : i've had this game for about a year and only got to rating it now. i should've rated it earlier,1
adrian chen : if only you could add synced progress or cloud saves for those that play on multiple devices,1
caly cannon : this app started lagging real bad. it's hard to play now even though i love the graphics and the game play.,1
david c : i am completely amazed that the developer did not put login credential access in the source code. i had to wipe my device to clean it up and was not able to log back in. i lost all of my progress and all of my coins. ... other than that the game is fantastic.,0
n!te wlkr : at first i didn't like this game but i really got into,1
tyler murphy : i really love this game,1
antonio ribeiro : stunning graphics and great playability. i really love those games based on challenges - rewards and multiple unlockable characters. but recently the game has begun crashing and crashing,1
rey dagal : i love the design of the game it is graphically relaxing to the eyes,1
david gerbino : i'm having fun playing this game on my asus memo pad 7 (me572c) tablet. it was a rough start as the game was not working on my tablet at launch. it works great now. i wish there was an option to pay a fee to remove the ads.,0
john smith : beautiful game but there are a few easy things that need to be changed. the part where you have to jump over cliffs is a bit glitchy for me,0
ryan mullett : super fun game. very good until the most recent update. now i have an ad that pops up on my main menu when i load in. no matter what i do with that ad it closes the app. i am level 50,1
tom mcdonald : this is one of the greatest android games i've ever played. you can play in 5 minute bursts or hours at a time. the ambiance is very relaxing and zen while at the same time nail-bittingly intense. the music and sound effects are amazing and the graphics blend perfectly. all in all,0
teh_shaunz0r : love the game. on level 50. but now you've included an ad about your new game which crashes my game whenever it pops up. i'm trying to get to 75,1
nurul farhain : this is one of the very few games that i'm very,1
zach stegman : when i first open it i am asked to get news from the developer. i say no thanks and it closes the game. when i open it up right after it works fine. not cool to be annoying for me not wanting your updates.,1
a google user : good game,1
a google user : i like this game for many reasons - easy to play,1
keenan seegobin : i like the game,1
xavier allen : the game is great and all,1
mad raisin : truly a great game,1
roberto mezquia jr : so why the one star? i was at level 23 on my phone... i installed the game on my nexus player and had to start from level 1... okay,0
david zita : this game is immersive...the scenery and soundtracks will blow you away...simple and addictive game. i give 5 stars to this games,1
zdenek k : catchy graphics and sound,1
amy johnston : the game's nightime stages are too hard to see. seems like a good game but i'm stuck at level 5 cos it's too hard to see.,1
mathew samuel : usually i dont review apps,1
akash cs gowda : im using huawei honor 6 with 3gb ram... i dont have any problem even while playing gamelofts 3d games... but this games graphics looks all green in my phone... but trees,0
akash lamkhade : the is simplistic and beautifully designed. the game play is easy and fun. i really loved the design of the game. elements like the sun,1
aditya damle : i travelled 50000 m the first day... so i must say i am addicted. it's really very interesting. i just wish we could perform a lot more manoeuvres than just back flips... just to make it more interesting,1
shahzaib samad : the night time makes it significantly harder to see everything including upcoming obstacles. perhaps add a toggle to a day/night/cycle,1
andrew james : avoid the feather! wish i could go back and sell the additional timer i purchased. stupid feather makes you miss all of the ice boosts and most of the coins. not a "power-up" at all,0
medico : finally a game to be played for fun & relaxation. wonderful vector graphics,1
gabriel palmer : this game is wonderful. i'm not 100% sure i like the advertising mechanics,1
a google user : i love everything about this game. visually pleasing and fun to play. i also like how they don't hold their hand out for more money.,1
ricardo : fantastic game!! very well designed,1
veronika vartanova : the game has beautifully designed layouts,1
ashish rajak : great,1
jerry ginakis : love this game,1
farhan shaikh : this my one of fev game on my mob ...when i playing this game then i forget this world. i will 1000 time death for this game..thanks snowman n thanx alto,1
john doe : amazing game! it's simply but gives you new challenges very often. only downside for me is the in game power ups aren't common at all and upgrading them is therefore pointless,1
christopher boss : i'm not a person that likes playing mobile games but,1
emmett p : everything about this game screams perfection,1
jaejoong min : love the settings,1
david k'shin gendron : literally kills my chance of winning as it pops up an install dialogue while i'm trying to play then kills the app after i tap cancel anyway. this version is unusable. looking forward to the next one.,0
jake richards : this game is very fun,1
jo : an ads suddenly pop out when i was playing and after clicking the "x" button it crash. fix it please,0
grant : lots of funny,1
jesus garcia : great game which is not fun to play in my galaxy note 4 (exynos) as there is a constant flash of colours on the screen in both backgrounds and foregrounds. please fix and i'll amend the review. i can provide screenshots or video if required.,0
business mails : good game ,1
prashant tudu : what a beautiful game. it's simple but challenging. the graphics are beautiful,1
nitesh khatri : this is a really cool game. really loved the day night changes. you may work on different weathers as well like rainfall,1
chintan pandya : i came across the game one and a half months ago. the first impression it puts on the user is very good. vision friendly user interface,1
dylan barker : my only complaint is that it's too dark at night. rocks are hard to see and i sometimes lose track of my character midair (is he upside down or not). those are cheap deaths.,0
rthorofthehillppl : i just downloaded this game last night and already felt compelled to rate it 5 stars. the design is simple yet fun and the visuals are beautiful in their simplicity,1
ian scheid : yes the single option to back-flip makes/breaks the game but the challenge is compelling. catching air seems like it should get some point bonus even if no back flip happens.,1
chris eklund : the game itself is very good,1
koto gray : this game is so serene. it has to be one of the best games you can have if you need to calm yourself or just chill. the better you get at it,0
diana jennifer howard : hello guys,1
justin gibson : beautiful graphics.. just wonderful,1
jimwel anobong : implied simplicity yet amazingly stunning. clean in terms of visuals and prove that you need not to be that excessive to promote nice gameplay. idealistic to the developers by the way. nice job,1
sam & courtnay boateng : this is a beautiful game,1
felipe goncalves : the new noodle games notification in the beginning (the one you annouce a new game) is literally making my phone reset itself. could you guys look into this issue? i'd love to give you a five star review,1
alannah peacock : noodlecake studios have worked their magic and created alto and his friends for this mystical adventure. i suggest get it. best free game ever.,1
peter touros : it was so smooth playing n pretty to watch but now its jumpy. a shame as it was my 1st n last game i played during the day,1
lyle cable : i love the relaxing music & the way we see day night cycle. it really is a work of art & other game developers can learn a thing or two. i hope in the near future you guys add more levels with more wonderful music,1
cody kicklighter : there doesn't seem to be any way to jump over the chasm at the beginning. looks great though but it's currently broken.,0
minh nguyen : i really enjoy playing this game. kinda repetitive,1
velikan : the ads after you crash are annoying. the game didn't really do that force you to watch them. if you wanted to be revived than yeah you could use the watch to leave where you left off but this. this is just blatantly annoying,0
luke mcadam : this game would be amazing if not for a few things. the night cycle makes it almost unplayable in natural light and the physics need work. if you're travelling too fast,0
bence hrotko : hey,1
rahul walia : the peaceful music,1
relieved "for me a lot". moreover it gives you a game experience too but in,1
a more cozy way.,1
angelstar76 : the aesthetics of this game hooked me. i normally wouldn't play this kind of game but i love it. game goals are achievable without being too easy or hard. no pressure or need to purchase in game options to keep playing. you only see ads when you want to.,1
hezekiah domowski : the tutorial was fine,1
raging bacon : let me start by saying this game is amazing. really fun. my biggest problem is the noodle cake "pull my tongue" game ad that pops up right in the middle of the game and screws you up.. it does not even pause your game!. if you try to close that ad it completely shuts your game down... i had a long run going until that ad pops up every single time! fix this please i want to rate this game 5 stars but i can't because of that annoying ad that crashes your game.,0
william pinkerton : so much fun. great way to pass the time and all in all a good game but,1
could use some more characters and power ups.,1
tj hacker : great game and very addicting. only annoyance is that i was on level 42 or something and i upgraded my phone and it deleted the data so i had to start all over again. this game should have saved progresses in the cloud so this doesn't happen again.,0
alexander a. : great game,1
marv gepte : was excited to see why the reviews are good. but it won't even work on my phone. i have an htc droid dna. uninstalling now.,0
eduardus ardy prakoso : i can't see rock when its become night. and the dangerous hazard has the same collor with the rock,1
sean de la rosa : love the game. graphics are the real deal. but please make the night time more visible like put on some lights and stuff,1
travis williams : i would give you 5 stars if you wouldn't have rated m ads on a rated e game. please fix this atrocity. don't want my kids to see blood and guts pop up on such a beautiful looking game.,1
o0smoke0o 1 : easily the best never-ending runner style game i've played. super smooth and looks nice. also challenging - great work guys.,1
stanlin alexander : absolutely beautiful to play and ascetically. controls are easy and simple to master. the only complaint is ads on android version. i would gladly pay to get rid of the ads,0
kimura ryosuke : the graphics and sound track in this game is amazingly beautiful. its so relaxing to look at it and listen to. gameplay is smooth. quite challenging,1
emerson green : i know the area is fictional,1
a google user : i don't actually prefer watching ads after every fall. i think you should offer at least 3 lives after every ad.,0
a google user : really fun and skill intensive endless runner. it feels so good when you get a long combo going. the minimalist graphics are really nice.,1
ben cooney : so much fun,1
shirish upadhyay : really very great game. it's an art piece. great background ,1
gabriel c : seriously,1
paul d : i'll get bored of it eventually but it's well done. clean graphics,1
aaron myers : it's great and don't give up if you can't get a certain goal. some are pretty tricky,1
sir meep of narnia : its a fantastic game and the graphics are gorgeous. my only gripe is that if you want to watch ads to get coins for whatever reason the ads tend to just black screen so it's hard to watch than one ad in a row without restarting the app sometimes.,0
mark langridge : recently,1
suleman mughal : i like the art and layout of the game. the day and night cycle is beautiful and innovative. i think this game can get better if the weather and stuff like avalanche also plays a role in the game and more item in the workshop.,1
matthew dannatt : superb rendering and smooth game play coupled with pseudo-random terrain make this an absolute winner for kids of all ages. highly recommended.,1
zack wise : beautiful,1
brett cannon : happily paid for the coin doubler to support the makers of this fun game! my only criticism is that there is no cloud saving,1
anish shakthi : the graphics and the lighting makes me want to play more. and not to forget the amazing sounds the game has got. :),1
abdul hakim abdul rahim : very beaitiful game,1
max power : they want you to waste your data watching short movie clips just to "revive" the skier. no thanks. uninstalling,0
abhijit tambe : the game is awesome and i enjoy it alot but drains too much juice from my battery. plz fix the prblm n i'll rate it 5 stars that it deserves..,1
ashley pothecary : great way to pass the time and the art work/music are pretty amazing. i feel though that the tap to jump could do with some adjustments,1
supratim roy : although the premise (chasing llamas) seems ridiculous at first,1
a google user : it's fun,1
alden caldecott : a noodlecake ad will pop up without pausing the game in the middle of a run and then cause the game to crash to my home screen on my galaxy s6. other than that problem it's a great game and would've been worthy of 5 stars.,0
ramesh manjunath : simple game play. awesom challenges. but not worth paying on apple. because its a paid app on app store. here it's free and its real fun.,1
lisa shadows : one of the best games i've ever played. never had problems,1
riordan pett : the graphics are beautiful,1
a google user : simple graphics,1
oliver mandel : a beautiful game that makes you learn its mechanics step by step in a very nice manner. 12/10,1
cameron nicodemus : it becomes difficult to see unless in a dim lit room. i usually quit playing when it becomes dark. fun game play though.,1
pritam : absolutely love the game and the whole experience. however,1
willy hu : like i said in the title,1
maple : the rocks are too well hidden behind houses trees etc and if it's night time nearly impossible to tell from trees pls fix,0
zackary burrell : this game has a fresh take on an old premise; endless runner with snowboarding. some mechanics are never explained (scarf length) or are poorly implemented (you can't jump chasms without speed but you don't gain speed by going down a steep hill??) the best mechanics are locked behind a pay wall and despite the beautiful art direction and pretty soundtrack,1
cecilia nguyen : this is a beautiful game with fantastic music. gameplay works great,1
karl ramstedt : this game is like a low interactivity version of runners like temple run,1
nicholas hanson : i could come up with a bunch of ways to say how fun and captivating this game is but,1
ty : a ton of fun. can play for hours at a time. the problem occurs when i receive a mms message. the game continues forward but all touches are unresponsive. very frustrating. can't count the times it's ruined a run.,1
jack ady : quite derivative of ski safari,1
vic thor : wonderful addictive game. infected with in game purchases and the usual bullshit nowadays,1
jacob sutton : i really enjoy this game. it keeps me entertained for hours at a time and never seems to lose its luster.,1
tayyab hussain : i love playing this. but at times when i haven't tapped the screen in a while which happens often. the screen will begin to go to sleep. there should be a patch that prevents the phone from going to sleep while it's being played.,0
bryce looze : that new app slide you have crashes the game every time i open it. very annoying feature,0
richard wrencall : if i minimize the game and go back an ad for their new game pops up while the game is playing often making me crash.,1
priyank garg : should have a save option linked to google account. my all progress is lost.,0
alex acosta : new version shows an ad every time i load the game now and crashes if i say "no thanks".,1
max burcham : i only have one request.....please please please add in some type of altitude meter. its impossible to tell how high you are off the ground and it makes it difficult to guage how many flips you can do,0
john fadul : but with the most recent update the watch video button doesn't work - all you get is a black screen and a run ended,0
micheal aranki : you cant see the rocks from the trees,1
jamie broad : great game,1
chevon champier : paz is a bit buggy when he's going really fast. rarely sometimes when he's jumping a cliff he'll clip through the ramp and fall in the cliff. 5 star because you can tell why...i have paz now lol,0
shuusuke kagamine : i don't usually rate,1
kane ferguson : completely great game. everything from the visuals to the soundtrack and sound effects are done astonishingly well. i recommend headphones if you play though just to ensure you don't miss out on anything.,1
steven gollins : level 20 back to the beginning,1
based scout : 0 aggresive ads,1
lilsparrow 22 : one of the most relaxing,1
christyr belacqua : this game is beautiful and smooth with the perfect level of challenge. whether you're chasing llamas,1
travis latorre : so the game is good. it is fun and partially addicting but here is the thing,1
shailja tripathi : trust me i find this game really soothing with all the background and music. you can never get bored with this game in ur hands. simply it,1
robbie t : this game,1
ravi teja : the font color of the rocks and the mountains,1
antoine emond : finished the game ,1
mathieu proulx : very well executed and pleasing mobile game. if i wanna revive alto,1
liam : its fun but it get boring after a while,1
marcus griffen : i was connected to google play the whole time. got to level 38,1
favipx21 : was fun for a minute. then it became repetitive and then i checked the workshop and i saw only a few things to purchase. only thing nice is the graphics besides that. meh.,1
verity aequitas : from the amazing visuals to the soothing game play to the non pay-to-win model,1
anusha rani : but please make the gamer a bit larger .. unable to see in dark places.. so. apart from that it's just awesome,1
roger moreau : ads crash the game every time i play. which is a shame because i think it's a great game otherwise.,1
anoushka bhalla : its not only the game itself but the graphics and the sounds which are so,0
satyabrata satapathy : graphics are good. there could be more power ups like boost. need to concentrate on more tricks rather than only backflips. and some more achievements,1
jordan stoev : graphics are amazing,1
abhishek khola : it is a awesome game but i got a problem...it suddenly stopped due add in middle of run and all the game got lost. please fix it,1
steven k : unfortunately,1
abhi manyu : hey if you do more work on background music it will be very nice .. like intestaler kind of,1
amanda snow : a quiet escape that very honestly just is what it is and thats wonderful. nust lay to understand the element of smoooooth challenge you can relax while being unable to stop from obsessing over.,1
pat leonard : today ads from the studio started to pop up in the middle of game play,1
a google user : perfect balance of ambiance and slow gaming. the last character "tupa" is not fully working. hope for an update,0
lucas gracia : super fun,1
jason : would be nice if my google account would link game progress between devices,1
chetan agrawal : everything,1
tim : hands down the best game ever. very nicely done and awesome to play. can't get enough of it and i never want it end.,1
jens juliusson : commercials freeze way too frequently,1
murilo dias leme juliani : the game is really good,1
sam hatherley : tough but not too tough missions,1
fam kieboom : i hate pressing 'end run' twice before it does something. the letters move on the first press,0
janin palafox : can't believe i'd love this. the adrenaline it gives you while playing it. surely the game's weather and morning to night condition makes a good role in distracting players. makes you to get used to it and more motivated to play the game. it's simply amazing!,1
ashutosh pandey : some "noodle" something game ad is coming while playing and crashing my game. rectify that asap.,1
patrick morgan : new ad on start up crashes the game and had cost me progress twice now...annoying.,0
alejandro orpi orenga : i love the graphics and transitions but its sometimes hard to see some obstacles,1
ethan moehr : the game is very fun. kills time and is relaxing. if you like arcade/indie games this is a good game for you.,1
swarup rajbhandari : the down to earth graphics,1
david nugent : i'm not all that good at this game. jumping crevasses is something i just can't quite master. but the game is stunning. the day/night progression is a really nice touch.,1
nils rietveld : ****edit start it seems there's a new ad sdk implemented but it's actually crashing the game if i close it. also,1
vlada zivkovic : the atmosphere is awesome and the game is relaxing. i just wish the flips were faster,1
jordan brazinski : 5 minutes in and i'm blown away by how beautiful the graphics and soundtrack are. very well done. simple concept executed perfectly.,1
a google user : would like to get updates as fast as ios,1
arena parker : so soothing grapics,1
ashwin vishnu : a great game for commuters and gamers who love challenges. but i feel the developers have to add few good characters in the starting out option to upgrade the characters. 5* only then. but a decent game altogether! cheers,1
zachary nisbet-barrett : really fun game and all but the thing that really makes me mad is when i'm in the middle of a game and a stupid ad pops up that goes "bum bah!" and then i die and then my game crashes,1
frog warrior : the game is fun and easy. it's a great time waster if you have a few minutes to kill. plus it's free and not pay to win. you only watch the adds if you choose to,0
jarkko nylund : usually they throw you out of the game when you press no thanks,1
joshua kallen : the music is relaxing,1
aditya sriram : the game's art combined with its music make for a really soothing ambience. not to mention the engaging goal mechanics which ensure the game doesn't become boring even after lots of plays.,0
william plevich : beautiful graphics and insane items and power ups keep ading to the purity of this game,1
a google user : you destroyed de game with the last update. now,0
shaun knowles : love this game one of my favourite. but the new noodlecake ad interferes with game play and is destroying the spirit of the game .please remove this ad .,1
shashank gosavi : surely amazing game i ever played. even with the repetitive stunts,1
suraj subraveti : this game is the perfect package. great music,1
mahesh patil : great game with awesome graphics but ,1
winerius de nella : great graphics and the song too,1
isaac padilla : i love the app,1
david von stockhausen : great game. but,1
nick bradford : however the ads have become so obtrusive that i no longer feel like opening the game anymore.,1
jay : has almost identical mechanics compared to ski safari. don't get me wrong,1
dylan smith : anyone who doesn't like this game doesn't deserve it. deceptively simple premise and game mechanics that can keep tou entertained for hours.,1
nate skepple : i don't think i've ever seen better graphics on a mobile game this simple. developers did a fantastic job. the soundtrack also receives an a+ from me. super fun!,1
robert naim : i have been addicted to this game for several weeks. but now that i have finished it i feel empty and wishing for more. keep working hard you guys are great,1
elon collymore : i have not played a better app then this. well designed,1
kyle jasvins : the gameplay is minimalistic and clean,1
s t : everything is perfect especially the way the ads are in this game,1
ky sturgeon : love this game. i play this game regularly. super cool achievments,1
shalabh agarwal : great grafics,1
prasanna narayanan : smooth n stunning graphics,1
billy syrett : great game but the latest update has introduced ads that crash the game. really annoying when in a big run.,0
richard suter : top notch snowboarding game for your phone. great game play although horribly addictive. catch mountain lamas,1
chris mulkey : alto's adventure is ridiculously addictive. its art is what originally caught my attention,1
brian hurley : it's really a shame because you can tell that they have put a lot of really hard work into this game. it runs well and looks beautiful for a mobile title. i am all for supporting developers. they do deserve to get paid for their work,1
bhargav bose : i always play 3d games for the graphics they have. but this game is so well designed,0
soul risker : the "watch video" link doesn't work and it will pop up randomly any time after clicking the link. especially annoying when it messes your game up.,0
phillip whetstone : good game,1
ca chep : i met the problem : unfortunately,1
a google user : very good,1
dean scott : it takes far too long i'm my opinion to get coins to upgrade things . other than that a fairly cute enjoyable game for 5 minutes at a time.,1
rifat al jufri : this is the best game mobile graphic ive ever seen,1
sam lim : great game. not being able to see the rocks at night is a real problem (-1 star),1
arnaud soyez : game is beautiful but repetitive without much progression... not recommended.,1
risxn : the music and settings just blow my mind along with the llamas! it's a truly stunning game.i would imagine this is set in peru,1
james s. : finally a game that i enjoy. i have been looking so long for an actual game that doesn't require money and isn't extremely difficult. it's a very enjoyable challenge for all levels of players. thank you for this great game.,0
parag chitale : overall nice game,1
alfonso stoa : first of all its pretty,1
joseph benton : love playing game and have yet to figure out sweet spot but impossible to play on a sunny when the moon is up in the game.,1
josh suchy : i like how the slopes change every time you start a new run. it is kind of difficult in certain areas but you can start over and try again at any time.,1
m-a kuttner : one problem i've been having lately though - the noodlecake pop-up dialogue box has been appearing during gameplay and sometimes crashes the app in mid play. fix that and we're talking 5 stars. nexus 5,0
alexander prinsen : since some time i keep getting random pop ups from noodlecake,1
chris shortle : the scenery is so beautiful and smooth,1
abhishek soni : when i hear the music of this game i feel out of the world...i play this game just bcoz of woderful music...,1
sanjay kar : the game is simply awesome. the game looks so good with ever changing day and night. it's addicting as well. one of the best games ever,1
min suk kim : however,1
anurag bose : i am stuck at the triple blackflip..the idea of charging the wingsuit is very vague.. i don't know when it will charge really.. i keep on having the long scarf.. but still it takes time.. the time is not understandable,0
kartik narang : this game is really good. near perfect. just the one thing is if you could disable the night cycle because nothing's really barely visible with that amount of light. thank you!,1
tim roenicke : this game is gorgeous and mechanics are great. the only issue is i had hoped adding my google account would save progress. when i had to wipe my phone i have to start over.,0
deron wyllie : really enjoy this game,1
gaurav upadhyay : great potential. but the night cycle is why i wont continue to play anymore. cant see the damn stones. the stones at night. so bad such a good game.,0
darryl lussier : love the game,1
daisy gordon : i try to play it but whenever i get on,1
shawn leonard : finally a game that doesn't inundate you with ads and is actually fun to play with beautiful graphics. nice work!,1
james paxton : nice game. smooth layered graphics. latest update keeps pausing the game,1
a l : would be nice to have a record of your top scores. also the app drains my battery quite a bit. not sure if anything can be done about that though.,1
s d : random ads popping up initiate a force close upon closing the ad. the ads even randomly pop up upon pausing which then force closes the game and pretty much wipes your run... fix it please. it was fine the way it was before...,0
suad rabbi : a must have game. great graphics and sound effect. it will really take you deep into the game.,1
roasted lemon : a really great game with good graphics,1
eric reeve : i haven't stopped playing since i downloaded it,1
paul samson : the game is good but the only drawback is the night mode it's a bit dark and alto stumbling over the rocks and game over ;(,1
golem precious : this is a great game,1
ana marko : the visuals of this game are breathtaking. thank you. every screen is like a separate piece of art. your efforts are greatly appreciated ^_^,1
michael bergen : the visuals are clean and pleasing to look the eye. the game play is smooth,1
tom h : still a great game that i go to everyday. challenges are really well paced and new characters keep me invested in this side scroller,1
tyler van ollefen : the gameplay is simple and addicting ans the artwork is just fantastic. i love the day and night transitions,1
colin white : downloaded whilst suffering man flu. needed something to relax me & take my mind off. this totally delivered. beautiful,1
jarod myers : i think they should add front flips. make it so that when you tap on the right side of the screen you do front flips,0
r : amazing game but there's an annoying pop up that happens forcing you to fail,1
yep : the prettiest game i've ever seen. sounds,1
victoria herbel : this game is truly just beautiful. the graphics are amazing and the game itself is just fun. even the music is relaxing. 10/10 would highly recommend,1
rodrigo gonzalez : the game is great but since the last updates i'm suffering a lot of lag while playing in my nexus 9. i hope they fix it because it makes it unplayable.,0
harsh joshi : i use 15secs timeout for my display and this disturbs the game play a lot,1
daffa assegaff : nice gameplay,1
sean lecathelinais : this is now my favrioute game... brilliant art 10/10 and the game mechanics are great i love the speed boosts and bunting boosts i also love the chasm jumps in slow motion,1
hank simmons : needs update equivalent of the iphone version for the android version. needs helmet and pick purchases available. will increase stars on rating with updates.,0
ashley jacobsen : i've completed the 'wingsuit over a chasm' heaps now but it doesn't recognise it so i can't move onto the next set of goals.. this happened with another goal but in the end i used coins to skip it :( please fix!,1
dean tempsick : android game that i have played in a very long time. visuals,1
mickey yu : i think this game has good graphics,1
skyler penkova : i reset my phone because i had issues and reinstalled the game and connected to google again but all my progress is still gone.,0
noah smith : often found myself dying because i was to focused on the background. the music is amazing and the idea itself is quite unique. i have seen few games that have put so much effort into an endless runner,0
samuel siagian : i tried the tutorial and once i fail i cannot recover again especially that part where i need to jump over a cliff.always fail and cannot recover.good graphic though,0
corey meyer : was great until you implemented an ad. now everything i hit "no thanks" it force closes. also pops up in the middle of a run and doesn't even pause it. used to play this game to kill time. now it's not worth it.,0
michael young history : its as much fun as an endless running game can be. that is,1
luka nesevski : i don't usually review games,1
deeptanshu paul : that's the first word that comes to mind when one plays this. the music,1
dan bondroiu : when my friend told me about this game i tought it was just a lame copy of sky safari,1
tom mccluskey : the most recent patch introduced ads with loud auto-playing video that really disrupt the experience. uninstalled.,0
sammal : brilliant game. beautiful graphics and its the first game that you don't need to spend money on. if you really want some extra coins just watch a 10 second ad. i can not recommend the game enough. so seriously,1
arnaud d. : have us beautiful,1
aryaman khemka : perfect music,1
roshan peniel : i play the game only fr the background . it would be more cool if the game is also improved. and please try creating some other game with this background. and it is also difficult to jump over the "!",1
dtp : more artistic than most phone games and pretty addictive. only wish for more tricks and goals/unlocks,1
david richichi : great game and doesnt need internet connection and you can finish it without having to pay. scenery and animation stunning. this is a real addictive well made game. prepare to spend hours on it,1
yuvraj singh : this is byfar one of d best games i've ever played. well designed and well crafted. keep it simple and nice,1
gmac lu : finally a game not constantly plagued by ads and what a great game. atmospheric,1
anmol tengalkar : i did already sometimes but i can't get past that now,1
borko lazarevic : amazing and stress stoping game.,1
blow yo mind : it's one of the best apps i've seen but i would like more challenges and make a hard,1
zigishu singh : scenic graphics and gameplay. keep introducing new things in updates.,1
sambit ghosh : the only issue is the physics feels a bit restrictive during longer jumps and falls. other than that its a feast for the eyes!,0
gurpreet morris-singh : great game,1
jayden bassie : i absolutely love this game! excellent graphics,1
vivek choudary : this is the best game i've ever played and the graphics are so good and the background sound is so soothing. i request noodlecake team do make many games like this.,1
keith b : even the advertisements are a stroke of genius. love this game... and i don't play games on the phone ever. until this one.,1
sebastian pritchard : updated my firmware,1
stephen rogers : i've bought the app,1
ashutosh pokale : the visuals and the music are treat! but the game gets repetitive after you play some levels. that's it.,1
tim mccall : wish there was a way to disable the option to have to watch ads and its just insane to put ads for your other games in the middle of me making a run in this one.,0
henry allen : the only issue i have with the game is when you get the float thing you can't collect coins which makes me want to avoid it,1
peyton grey : this game combines two of my favourite things,1
caique santos : breaks the capitalistic paradigm that's been building itself on apps nowadays by offering optional video ads and no way to pay for coins. plus,0
a google user : i can no longer jump. it lags now when i try and jump. i have to hold for a whole second for the game to respond to my touching. please fix and i'll give you back that last star.,0
aston reks : i first played it in a apple store and thats a bad thing couse of a unrecobnisable name but other than that,1
gabriel bit-babik : this is a free game that does free right. not only that,1
kinder n1 : it's clear that this game was made for fun and not for money.if the developer wants to make money they can put ads on this and another without advertisements for money.but people make good games when they focus on the game and not on the money.,0
kaden holland : i really like this game but under one condition that you would add a balancing thing so say your doing a flip and you don't think you can make it. you can just hold or tap on the right side of your device. please respond.,1
chris davidson : if i say "no thanks" to the ad when the game first launches it force quits. hopefully this is just a glitch and not passive aggression...,1
iky dublin : the rock is same colour with trees.. perhaps if could change the rock colour to brown.. i would giv 5 stars.. tq nice game,1
roger diotte : what's not to like,1
dewanto : the new update absolutely loved it. now i can save my game data so i dont worry if i have to uninstalled and reinstalled it anymore. nice,1
ethan wood : alto's adventure is one of the most beautiful games i have ever played. its simple art design and natural sounds create a beautiful work of art. i cannot commend the developers enough.,0
katherine peracchio : i am absolutely obsessed with this game. it is really that game you just like,1
keith macdonald : great game. fast,1
tyler nazifi : i love playing this game whenever i have a couple free minutes throughout my day. it gets super addicting and it is a good way to kill some spare time.,1
a google user : good overall game. good visuals and sound. controls/mechanics are solid. biggest drawback is the lack of cloud saves. would love to play on my tablet but not willing to start from scratch. hopefully this is added in a update. 5 stars when/if that happens. *developer does not respond to emails*,0
yellow octothorpe : what an amazing,1
ryan moore : every time i watch a video to revive,1
clement maruejouls : i love the game but your damn advertisement is ruining it. i can't exit your ad without losing my current game. so frustrating.,1
darren ebbing : it would be cool if once you've finished all the goals you could have the option of going back and completing the ones that you originally bought-out in order to progress.,1
yash ayapilla : i just loved the game. the soft and faint tune in the background is good too. the game looks beautiful and plays without any harsh efects. i found it very addictive. keep on guys,1
grahame watkinson : truly beautiful game. very addictive. adverts very well handled too. big thank you and we'll done to the developers.,1
mowi iman : great graphics and i m not stop the the music is very familiar amazing adventure i delete my all games to game alto''s adventure,1
ki-tae bryan park : play it for the visuals. the gameplay and progression is also good. not an "adventure" game but still fun.,1
ryx matic : its perfect has great graphics great story(of why he's skeeing) its exciting because he jumps high and it feels like im really in the sky like real life - its just awesome,1
codey foltz : it's fun,1
keith hayden : beautiful and fun,1
david sumner : since the update it's glitchy and not as responsive there's a slight delay when you press jump please fix i'm on the last player now with only 9 levels to go would like to complete the game,0
dread lock : it says paz can smash through rocks at full speed. i am still to see this work. i have let him run with no deviation to touts. and he still smashes into them and dies. how long do i have to leave him running to smash the rocks without having to trick? it doesn't seem to be working.,0
clint strasler : fun game,1
abid hasan : i loved the music on which the game is based on. gorgeous looking graphics added with this natural music.. reminds me of the childhood fairytale fictions..,1
launch pad : night time is too frequent and lasts too long. it's very annoying. also the game is too simple. it needs new levels and should get harder as you advance. but seriously,0
jagjot : the gameplay,1
chinmay admane : great game but a new add pops up when you start the game asking if you want to install a new game. if you say no thanks then it closes the app. sometimes it do come while you are playing the game and it is very annoying.,1
pippo ten : the day and night cycle,1
alex kang : since the update everytime an ad comes up and i click "no thanks" it just crashes,0
austin hamilton : i'm on an lg g4,1
tyson hunter : love this game.. would be awesome if you could add a 'buttering' system to add some trick points,1
ashish ghosh : especially the day and night cycle. game play is also really good,1
myles corcoran : lately ads for noodlecake pop up in mid-season and crash the game. please fix!,1
denis ginc : i enjoy it however some items should be less expensive. but other than that everything is smooth and good expirience.,1
charlie jopling : the game's nice enough,1
hitesh kumar : this game got me addicted in a short amount of time. its simple control hooked me up easily. nice graphics,1
gareth jopson : it was honestly the best game out,1
daniel zarb : the game is perfect but it tajes too much space. i dont care what you do,1
hiren vasoliya : i loss my progress ,1
tony prywata : the pop up clues stop this being the fluid gameplay experience it should be. impossible for me to get enough speed to do the first chasm jump. uninstalled,1
aldwin vicente : add a touch input to lean forward rather than only back. maybe half the screen for forward leaning flips and the other for back flips.,0
madeline pierce : this is the most beautiful app i have played. the graphics are great,1
hoo jun ting : it's 2016,1
jakub klimunda : i feel that in this game,1
william broome : seriously just downloaded this and i can't even start it up without it crashing. i've redownloaded it and restarted my phone,1
sai surya l : i love this game. i play it when i am bored. it entertains me a lot. particularly the music,1
richard edenfield : it has great gameplay. the music is genuinely soothing and meditative. the small touches of sound effects and weather are great. the look is very nice. and i love when the lightning streaks across the sky.,1
chun sang au yong : the only bad point is that you get addicted after playing...,0
ian whitcombe : an absolutely lovely looking game,1
roefi jasen : if you can add more scene or unexpected events.i think this game will be more fun and challanging.,1
hyon lee : aesthetically pleasing to just look at. overall the game plays very smoothly with almost no glitch. the creators are humble about the ads system where it is completely optional for players to watch. well balanced game overall,1
jesse : the game looks and plays very well. i have never played a mobile game with so much quality. the graphics are so simple but it fits in really well with the environment and animals.,1
wesley touzel : the design of this game is really nice. would be good if the text changed to a light colour when it gets dark but apart from that it's a good amount of fun! also i love llamas...,1
daniel jeffries : one of the easiest on the eye games i've played in a while,1
kunal m : thank you so much for making this game. it has beautiful graphics and a lovely soundtrack. the zen mode provides the best way to relax after a hard day at work. keep up the good work.,1
julius wang : when in the middle of the game,1
wei ting li : one of the best mobile game i have ever played,1
darwin buk : the game is absolutely beautiful and has potential,1
krystall m : i absolutely loved this game play style,1
rafael fernandez : this used to be a very nice game,1
deepak singh : the game is really fun to play but some points that could be improved are : alto is too small,1
nilkantha sen : i just love the way the theme is built up as i progress through the game. it's so soothing and pleasing that i just can't stop myself from playing it again and again. it takes me to someplace nice. i'm just in love with it.,1
taypha jr : they need to add updates to this: more characters,1
peter spexarth : awesome graphics. kinda challenging at first. still hard to see obstacles.,1
amir sadeghpour : i like its game play very much. actually i addicted to it! i wish it had less video ads,1
zoheb hussain : very good game but it gets boring once you have unlocked all the characters. please include more characters to keep us busy. thank you,1
jared dreyer : when i first played this game on a best buy iphone and learned it was for ios only but also learned it was going to android shortly,0
arandompurpose : find the visuals well done and the gameplay fairly simple but very fun. sometimes some objectives are a bit too specific but you can skip them easily enough.,1
jebs m : what is a proximity backflip/wingsuit? anyway it's a super great game. fun challenges and lots of variety with the day/weather cycle. i haven't gotten to level 51 yet but hopefully there will be more challenges/characters to choose.,1
dave griffiths : beautiful game absolutely would recommend,1
kieran turner : will be back to 5 stars,1
luka sarajlic : touch doesn't work evry time first game always lag hard,1
cragwl : this game is really fun and looks really nice,1
connor trimble : i just genuinely enjoy this game. it's very soothing and rarely causes any sort of frustration,1
jj : at first i wasn't gonna download it but when i did i was really shocked from the scenery to how smooth the game runs. i definitely recommend this game,1
maksim pralat : overall this game is great,1
alex jones : i sometimes have the problem where it let's me start the run and then i can't jump. i tried turning my phone the other way and it helped for a while but then stopped again.,0
michael mcgrath : no control,1
brendon foltz : had some trouble launching it the first time i installed it but now i works great. super fun,1
anthony rawstron : after buying this game on ios i decided to pay for it again on android and to my surprise the game is free! not pay to win,0
chad johnson : really nice levels and concept design. art is great,1
angelo : this game is phenomenal. best game to play with and very enjoyable. the graphics are so smooth. the music very relaxing and clam. love the game. i've been waiting like this game to play with. thank you.,1
sooly rashid : amazing great pass time love this game only thing don't like the guy on the horse man gets me everytime,1
a google user : intrusive ads interrupt gameplay and crash the game. such a shame,1
snehal poyrekar : haven't deleted it and still i'm forced to start from scratch,1
jeremy m. : playing n died i played 8 videos n still didn't revive im undownloading it sucks alot i made it to 10,0
somesh kar : really,1
belthsazar liem : the gameplay is not exactly new. but the eye candy would definitely please you. an oasis in the desert of too complicated and annoying colorful games.,1
a google user : loving this game,1
dizzregard home : gameplay is great and very fun,1
jegan s : night mode doesn't provide good vision of rocks. the graphics at dawn and dusk is handled greatly.,1
matt f brooks : visually awesome game which you can play over and over again. probably the best mobile game i've ever played.,1
ravi krishna : the game is superb. only one issue it's using up so much battery,1
ryan greenlees : please make a a way to disabled night. i can barely see when im playing outside. thank you,1
adeel ahmed : the atmosphere,1
kyle cembrano : i've always wanted to have a game that is relaxing and entertaining at the same time thank you so much.,1
faisal siddique : great game but my phone restarts itself after 30 or 40 minutes of play. please fix this issue,0
anthony bedont : the graphics are unique and simple but still bring you into the game. it has a wonderful "story" line.,1
zoey donnelly : i love this game because it has everything that a good game is. it has amazing art and it has action also it has adventure and it's like a puzzle so i love it.,1
sondra hannan : this game is beautiful. it's lots of fun watching the weather /light change as you continue on down the mountain. i can't play it for too long however as i get sick of watching so many ads to continue on. still very enjoyable.,0
ben hernandez : your level remains on the device so if you change your phone you will have to start over from level 1. this sucks,0
achyut shukla : no hang. no heavy graphic. smooth game. with soft and chasing missions. i just love it. well done team for coming up with something really different and nice.,1
james rose : whenever an ad pops up the game closes and clears from memory. completely breaks the game when you're in the middle of a run.,1
a google user : expected a game about making highly questionable supreme court decisions,1
abhinav subramaniam : the game play mechanics are wonderful and the ambient effects match the feel of the game. however the music doesn't really reflect how the game is moving and is always at the same pace.,1
immaterialise : beautiful scenery. awesome music. easy to pick up,1
michael hayworth : this game is really fun and i love that there are no ads unless you want to watch them. beautiful graphics too!,1
jacob crozier : love it,1
brian bishop : i love it but,1
geronimo : after latest update the game keeps glitching and there are random ad pop-ups that result in client crash. please remove it! also for pete's sake give us an option to pay for an ad-free version already.,0
keith stellmach : this game is exactly what a mobile game should be. other dev's should take notes. i am enjoying this game very much so far (lvl 53),1
rhys : amazing sounds and visuals coupled with simple but effective controls makes for a really fun experience. one of those games you can pick up and play whenever and where ever. we need more games like this on the google play store! 5 stars,1
adi suripiyanto : i rarely give 5*,1
cass dunstan : i have this game on my phone and tablet as i love it so much! it has a lovely flow and simply beautiful graphics and game play.,1
felip 398 : the depth perception of the mountains,1
abhilash b : there is no doubt that the game is awesome. but the major flaw in this game is it doesn't stores your progress. i had to reset my mobile twice. i tried appending my google game details with this game. but i am not getting my previous progress after i had reset my phone. please fix this.,0
michael burch : seems like a good game but it doesn't have any obvious way to remove the ad videos etc. i'd rather just pay once for the game and be able to play it properly.,0
chris x : a role model for all mobile games,1
captain flint : simple,1
angela lee : i luv the way alto or who ever i use don't even glitch like when i'm snow boarding down a gigantic hill doing a back flip or jumping off a grind,0
bambang irawan : please add cloud save for google account,1
pedro p. : the design is very cool and smooth,1
gian carlo barretto : issues when playing game with my wireless bluetooth headphones. music and sound effects distorted. using a nexus 6p with my photive bth3 wireless bluetooth headphones. i do not have any issues with any other app. please fix.,0
amirul alhakim : i hope u guys can add more power up and some new boards that have diffrent abilities .. that all .... by the way your games is awesome,1
srikanth rajagopalan : love the game but play it for 20 minutes maybe and it starts getting choppy. killing it and restarting the game seems to stop the problem. not sure why there should be such a problem on a nexus 6p!,0
mitchell silver : graphics are put together very well and its gaming conceptions are thoughtful with ease of excitment. 5 stars for the creator and developers.,1
david cantella : when reviving from watching videos the screen goes complete black and i loose the game i was on. happens almost every other time.,0
nala sagetro : a nice solid theme with coherent challenges that make it a satisfying game to play.,1
mackrvd : it's an addictive game concept keep improving the game also you should improve the physics a bit more. then the game would more fun. one more thing add more stuff man!,1
beto rodriguez : this title is absolutely beautiful,1
juan carrillo : loves this game to kill time great for people (love it),1
sager davidson : very nice color palette. i don't play the sounds much,1
ammar shah : i like tha game but i don't really get the point of collecting coins,1
because the workshop has really nothing exciting to offer and i don't get,1
the point of collecting lamas when you cant do anything with them.,1
alec woods : it's fun,1
david soegiarto : ...and let me enjoy purely the gameplay.,1
emma lm : the problem with the ad shutting down the game seems to have been resolved,0
den : a brilliant game,1
sandeep pundir : not able to exit the game on moto x play using marshmallow. need to restart the phone to exit the game,0
jason selley : a great game,1
jashandeep singh : it's a very nice experience.. i just want you to add a little more surprising factors to your game to make each level a bit more interesting.,1
matt schutzman : great game but one small glitch with felipe that he can't double jump while over a canyon. can be a big problem if you need the second jump,1
shobhit kaul : it is one of the few great graphical representation of our world. an exlerience truely.,1
sammy t : it's a great and gorgeous game but the night cycle is really tough on the eyes.,1
samantha dubois : hard to see during the night cycle,1
a google user : beautiful game,1
jonas motiejunas : quite an amazing game,1
sreehari madhu : nice way to pass time especially when u have to wait in a queue. above all,1
shekhar thakran : was waiting for it to come to android for ages.. but it did turn out to be awesome game i hoped for it to be.. kudos,0
brian cohen : the "noodlecake" pre-game ads are annoying,0
a google user : did anyone realise that the snowboarder in the game icon is facing the wrong way for a back flip . just an observation.,0
nipoon agarwal : i love the game.. played it all the time.. you get a redo once you die.. but you have to pay by the coins earned or watch a video. once the game resumes.. another ad interrupts the game and crashes the game ! i lose all the progress cause of it ! please fix it !!,0
kunal kadam : overall the game is good but you should make a tutorial in more descriptive manner because something's such as blue feather ,1
radu jipa : congratulations guys,1
christian crouch : this is what mobile gaming should be. a simple concept refined down to a game that is fun and relaxing,1
meezzy meezzy : top notch game,1
nitin singh : easy to play. light on eyes. beautiful work by the game team. a powerful stress buster.,1
bibhas debnath : only way to resume from where you die is to watch a video,0
zoe : its great fun to play but very difficult when the game turns to night,1
abby stark : it's calm and soothing (except when u run into elder lol) can freeze once in a bluemoon but that about it super fun except paz or whatever is a bad character can flip much,0
colette farrell : love the game play but i just wish i could pay to get rid of the ads. they're really invasive sometimes,0
gwishades : i watch one as only to be interrupted with another right after then force closes. may uninstall.,0
dante looper : this game is addictive as hell,1
trey almighty : this is my favorite game right now. the only gripe i have is that i wish that you could sync your saved games across your devices.,1
vijoy mitra : however during the night mechanic,1
steve goodenough : really nice game,1
hthe ritter : exactly what an app game should be - relaxing,1
aamod shinde : love the game so much . the gameplay is addicting the graphics are simple,1
but the environmental changes that just makes the game more lively. ty ncs,1
a google user : good game,1
gaurav singh lakauriya : to play the game when its in night mode is difficult bcz we hardly can see things,1
ahmed ebrahim : i've never written a review before,1
keven wijns : 1) prevent screen from dimming/going to sleep when in game 2) brightness control for night runs,0
prem nyaupane : finally found such a interesting game after a period of long search.... try it once u will surely satisfied ...,0
kev ellis : so it's basically a very delayed clone of ski safari minus some of the fun features,1
symon dave : this game is beautiful. it's fun to play and the atmosphere is spot on,1
a google user : the things you buy and upgrade in the workshop aren't backed up and they don't show up on a reinstall,0
renier wippenaar : the attention to detail the game displays is amazing ... the visuals are awesome,1
justine obias : the graphics are amazing.the weather patterns are cool and beautiful!my suggestion is that add more things in the workshop and add more characters. your game is fun!,1
udana wijesuriya : used to be a good game. now all of a sudden right on the middle of the game comes advertisements from noodlecake studios promoting their own games. when pressed "no thanks",1
jeet francis : the game is not much when you look at it. but the beautiful graphics make up for whatever people hold against the game.,1
michael t : nice,1
frank b : cool game but.... it froze on me and had to start all over from the beginning,1
martin becker : brilliant game. smooth,1
connor g : cant sign into google play,1
nouval h : very very awesome game with a great visual effect and graphics! please always update this game for more perfectness! nice work!,1
erald k : a perfectly executed,1
j lim : i actually bought the iaps which are more expensive than the ios counterpart. people who actually buy don't deserve to get spammed with ads. we click on the in game video stuff enough times already.,1
rufus singh avinash : lovely music and clean graphics. absolutely love the game. challenges could be made more tuff.,1
mackenzie : too difficult way too fast. the stuff they make you do to level up is just retarded. plus,0
emanuel lourenco : if you are looking for a game to just relax this is it. turn the volume up and the relaxing music and artwork and simple gameplay will do the work,1
maxito gman : alto's adventure has a delightful art style matched up with one of the smoothest and most enjoyable endless sliding gameplay mechanics that i've ever used. get it,1
horia mut : easy,1
ayy tawn : the game is fun,1
shannon calvin : this is the most soothing game ever with just enough challenge to frustrate me. love it!,1
catherine tweedie : i absolutely adored this game and found myself very addicted until i came back to find all of my progress was lost and i have returned to level one despite being on level 23 beforehand.,1
gabriel reyes : such amazing combination of visuals and sound design. simplistic user interface and experience. a game worth keeping not only for its the gameplay but also for its visual aesthetic. inspiring.,0
halo runner115 : everything about this game i like the graphics and music tears of joy,1
azeem wahab : the game is awesome graphics & music is really good & soft but ever level i am clearing the new task are coming. so,1
rowan doherty : the game forces you to take a break from playing every few minutes. you need to click on the "watch a video" button and then mute the sound and look away for 30sec. i have no idea why they make people do this. it's insane.,0
aaron plaskonos : can pick it up and play and doesn't waste your time. i like how they integrate ads,0
sagar patel : easy to learn,1
nikhil bhagwat : cannot sync with my google games data. whenever i install the game i have to play it from the beginning,1
suman mugi : good game,1
akhil gs : very beautiful made game with a clean music and sounds but have bug when i pause the game sometimes i can't see resume and other options and need more variety places to slide. edit: how to save game in cloud i lost all my game progress and players?,1
dan elmore : actually feels as if i've gone back in time 20 years,1
yehezkiel pw : nice. i can play this game in my zenfone 2 now.,1
will brown : great graphics and fun challenges but we need more power ups and characters lol...still one of the best mobile games ever!!!,1
michael fikaris : i really enjoy playing this one! the graphics are clean. i like the atmosphere and the time changing from day to night is a great mechanic. the gameplay is easy to pick up but will take a bit to master. the sound is very well done and creates a nicely immersive experience. worth a look!,1
ivanlucifer666 : the game is great. ive never felt more relaxed while playing a snowboarding game. the music matches perfectly. the only bug is that it keeps trying to make me create a new google play account when i have one.,0
anirudh ravipati : imagine yourself up upon the alps. all you do is snowboard across them,1
chaquayla cleveland : i like the game the only problem i ha e is when i try to revive by watching a video of freezes.,0
kulsum : i don't normally install games because i find them really boring,1
drumax : what a game i mean can't resist my fingers,1
waffles pancakes : the gameplay is simple and the graphics are gorgeous. it also doesn't go full on p2w like clash royale does.,0
ameel beshoori : i was addicted from the minute i started playing up until i completed the final level. just wish there were more levels and more tricks so i could continue playing! thanks to devs for a great game.,1
andy gandy : nice visuals,1
a google user : i dont usually play games on my moto g 2 ,1
jonathan alexander citra : the music,1
creepinzombie33 : if your looking for a game that's calming and fun,1
krishnaraj k g : superb visual treatments in such a small game and mollifying music gives an extreme relief from stress!! such a wonderful make!! awesome ..keep on doing these kind of hyping games. thank you so much!! try to add more calm music as an addition in the next update!! :),1
c e northeast : this one ads starts blurting its music mid game and of course you die. after this happens,1
antonio borckardt : only reason why i put 4 stars is because there's always room for improvement. but this game is great and just so relaxing to play. the graphics,0
luis rubio : i've lost all my progress because a change of device. it will be great if we can save the progress and keep them between devices. the rest is perfect so 5 stars.,1
dheeraj suvarna : i had my google account synced... i had to reset my phone and hence lost all my progress,0
peter burns : great but unfortunately recently the ad that pops up occasionally will crash the app and will show up mid run :/,1
donald rink : new ads force close the app. very annoying.,1
72 : it looked pretty in the store and it's pretty in the game,1
will harris-braun : smooth,1
britni gill : the first time i played it was on my dad's phone and beat his high score,1
burak abay : when you hit a rock and your body falls through a hole,1
nicholas : ever since the latest update my phone has been acting for this game as if its a big process and my phone will start to get warm it was completely fine before ,0
nick vasiliev : it a pleasant game,1
rahul dev : this is one of the best entertaining game i ever played melodious background music and specially the concept of designing of this game. hasoff the game developers..,1
void hillin : simple,1
daniel buller : stunning graphic art paired with thrilling gameplay and imaginative music places this game above all others of its class. it is games like this that push phone games to the next level and solidify them as an art form.,1
austin campbell : simplistic graphics yet very pretty,1
haseeb khan : awesome graphics & a really soothing music .. but 1 thing...the game gets boring after you've played a long way... really? just for characters you have to play over and over! but if this was a game bought with some money,0
akhil warrier : the visuals are a treat. and use a good pair of headphones,1
krainst lin : i've never seen an eye-catching game like this before it's beautiful and easy to play! everything about this game is so amazing!,1
husain kahil : i'm not usually one to leave reviews,1
corn rad : great game. difficult to see during the night cycle though. perhaps disable it or improve the lighting during the night.,1
haseeb kamal : this app is really well built ,1
i s : almost a month later and the developer still hasn't added artwork to the leanback launcher icon for android tv. dev also ignores emails,0
hoby finch : those caverns are bloody hard to get over sometimes but love that game guys,1
thestylishfox 5 : amazing scenery,1
vivek bhagat : it is the most beautiful peace of work! it is rare to come across a game which is so pleasant to the eyes. kudos to the team. it is amazing :),0
logan ostrom : originally loved the app. the new pop up adds show up in the middle of a run,1
joel : this game is gourgous for a mobil game and is very addicting. it also does'nt have ads unless you want to revive yourself! great game.,1
anthony prescott : so simple but so perfectly executed. and make sure you play this with a good set of headphones as the sound is unreal.,1
dmf cloud : finnaly a well made and original game wich i can play for hours and i luv the grafics. ssoooo pretty,1
a google user : simply fantastic! gameplay is very smooth and elegant. the design team has done a fantastic job with the coin system where it's not a pay to play. very well done,0
a google user : can't jump over chasm and when fall down the ride won't resume so i need to start over,0
colin lauer : i never write reviews,1
rob lynch : i really like this game but it seems to have lost my progress twice. it still shows that i bought the coin doubler,1
caleb r : thank you sssooo much for bringing this game to android! i always play this on ios devices at best buy and i am in love with this very adductive game!,1
saikat roy : my only request to developers is that,1
muhammad hosny : it's very relaxing game if i angry i jyst play it and it makes me down the graphics the music it's all organized for relaxing and enjoying,1
yaniel perez : i would pay 25 bucks for this game i've been playing it 3 days since it came out it needs more things to choose and upgrade from but they are probably still developing it out of all the game apps in the world i top this one the best,1
gurpreet singh : its a perfectly developed game effects,1
sumanth rc : graphics is phenomenal. gameplay may appear simple in the beginning but it is difficult and at the same time addictive. great job guys.,1
katrina west : this game is beautiful and fun to play. my only critic is that i feel that jumping over certain casums is completely impossible or pure luck,1
mongolo boii : great it leaves me speechless the only game on my phone and now it's the only game i need,1
mlungisi mhlanga : very simple. visually stunning. excellent challenges. i love it.,1
albin poignot : i love playing this game :d it gives me peace and a touch of poetry in the subway :d you can play it just a few minutes and pause it easily ! simple,1
logini the person : i love this game!!!! it is the go to game when i have nothing to do.(or maybe when i do have something to do). it is an overall a great game. i don't usually write reviews for games but i though for alto's adventure i thought it was necessary.,1
art and photo mania : please give updates and make the game more beautiful. it is the fantastic game in phone i have ever seen. music,1
ishan ghosh : this game is flawless,1
importantly,1
developers.,1
ks lalotra : this game is full of satisfaction.i mean the controls are so smooth and the gameplay is nice especially the "wings suit" works like a charm...highly recommended for adventure and arcade gamers,1
glen anderson : alto's adventure is by far my favourite android game but all my stats have been reset (at level 43) please help @ dev team,1
jesse gagnon : cool art style but terrible gameplay not worth the download,0
arvind r : i first played it on my ipad mini last year and the game is a perfect fit for android. one of the best looking games on the store plus it's free. awesome and relaxing game,1
suri : the game is really beautiful with different scenarios which is really cool along with a soulful music played along... alto is really a wonderful game but seems to be challenging in the further levels...,1
david hankinson : it's simple. the graphics aren't over the top. could use 1 or two more power ups but i absolutely love the game.,1
viktor storozhko : very fun game yo. the rocks are hard to spot at night tho ahah,1
a.c. gwin : the continue system uses unskippable video ads,1
sergeant detergent : the game was really great. flawless and soothing graphics,1
mcnignog : please take the time to try this app it is by far the best one on google play i have spent hours on end playing this app and just when i was going to put it down i unlocked the wingsuit and played it for a longer time.i have owned this app for about a month now and i am still enjoying it please get it you owe it to yourself to give it a try.,1
j d : this reminds me of the old pc game skifree loved that game as a child. this has the same idea very fun,1
sean lupo : great visual and audio. they had an idea did it right great job should be 2.99 but it's free (i do want to give you your 2.99 though),1
anwesha barua : first thing first,1
geoffrey giebelhaus : honestly my favorite game now. its well made,1
jason c : can't see rocks at night which makes me want to erase this game. really frustrating.,1
alfredo martinez : this is one of the greatest games i have ever tried for a mobile device it's really entertaining and runs perfectly,1
parthasarathi singh : recently there is been a bug in the game. when ever i choose watch video for extra life the app relaunches every time. pls fix this....,0
jassi singh : a game ad comes up and if i click on no thanks then it closes the games regardless of the progress...well that sucks when u make a good game and force other stuff which doesnt allow to enjoy alto,1
aj s : i really like this game and most important thing is u have kept this game quite simple,1
jameel jones : forge the other games i never rate games because well,1
andy burkinshaw : a great,1
ahmad parker : i love every single thing about this game it's so graceful if you just add different music that would be awesome.,1
stephen ford : 1) there should be a paid option. 2) optional ads shouldn't occasionally crash the app. 3) publisher's own ads shouldn't interrupt gameplay and crash the app.,1
tyler bennett : absolutely beautiful visuals,1
jeff mickey : advertisements pop-up at the most inopportune times in this game. buyer beware,1
linda icing : i can't seem to load previous achievements from google after my phone's data was cleared. had to go through the tutorial again and replay through levels even though it shows i completed the achievements on google play. if there was a way to link the game achievements from google to the game that would be cool. i really love the game's music and graphics,0
abraham obregon : it was one of the best games until they added an ad that crashes the game.,0
zeuzy2 : the game is amazing,1
vishnu krishnakumar : i normally won't post reviews but this game's off that. just plug in the headsets and sink on a bed it gives a magical feel and the music is soooo soothing and calming. love it!,1
caesario sogata : i recommend to play this game in quite place and relaxing situation,1
braden : despite the fact that its an endless runner,1
arnaud : i really like this game,1
jesse foulk : this is one of those games that's not quite addictive,1
george babiy : simple,1
a google user : i usually dont rate apps but just i love this game so much! the graphics,1
vinod rai : i love this game and totally awesome.... good job and keep it up :) hopefully we can upgrade our ski-ing boards via the workshop to make it more fun and enjoyable,1
rodney wroot : boom boom boom boom,1
nick b : only issue is i just got a new phone and my characters have not been unlocked on my new device even though i logged in with google play.,0
sean booth : a more boring and less engaging version of ski safari,1
shane palomo : visual simplistic but i works and makes the game look great the game play was whatever smacking lamas on the butt collecting coins and doing slow back flips other then that that's pretty much this game got a going for it...but it's nice to look at.,1
a google user : since the latest update,1
adrian au : but there are problems. i don't mind the ads. they're not intrusive but they're causing the game to crash. fix it or remove it.,0
andrew schloemer : fun game,1
sean bello : i get black screens and have to force close sometimes before watching an ad if i watched one previously in the same run.,0
antonio jones : awesome gameplay,1
daniel kranich : i have been getting an ad that pops up after resuming a paused game that then crashes the app. really annoying when i got super far and then the app crashed.,0
cagr meric : great art design and fun to play. it's not like the other endless runner type of games.,1
jackie cheng : had to restore my phone and completely lost all my progress,1
david pierce : i factory reset my phone and lost all my progress. i can't imagine it saved locally,1
aaditez bachu : this is the best game i've ever played on android. so addictive that i'm on level 53 and never want this game to end.,1
ian aguilar : the game is simple,1
joshua cooper : i havent played a game this fun/addictive in a long time. upgraded to a new phone on the weekend. first game i re-download.,1
baz k : the ads keep crashing my game pls fix 1/5 unplayable,0
emmanuel haque : this game is very neat and i love it! how i wish all the games here in android is as neat as this game! thanks for making this game! -emmanuelhaque,1
christos lianos : simple gameplay,1
jagvinder singh : awesome graphics | love the flat design | fantastic music | addictive | love the way these guys place the ads | even tutorial was creative | other developers should learn from your app | you deserve full 5 stars | thank you :),1
trunotfals : relaxing,1
a google user : i have downloaded and played this game before. it's a beautiful game and a lot of fun. but this time when i downloaded,1
dan wood : fantastic game! i haven't got anything bad to say about it. interested to see what gets added to this game in updates. it would be good if you could front flip as well as back flip.,0
megan michaels : this game is awesome! easy to master and push yourself or take it easy and go for a ride :) loving all the characters so far!,1
benjamin running : thank you for making such a phenomenal game. pro tip for anyone new to the game save up for the wing suit it will change your game forever watching videos when they are available is a great way to get cash p:s needs major easter eggs,0
paul dunaway : game was great before they started putting ads in the game. if you pause the game,0
diogo vasques : this game is really,1
ratnesh parekh : awesome game.. although its the same thing again and again,1
evan harvey : this is honestly my favorite game on the play store. i cant put it down!,1
tim : beautiful game,1
nate liebau : you have the option to watch an advertisement to revive your life but...every so often the advertisement "mysteriously" doesn't play and your forced to end your run.,0
garrett lawson : just give us 1 or 2 free revives for each day. i hate ads. i always just turn the game off if i'm forced to use an ad revive. think about it,0
anuj mohatta : amazing game but any goals related to wingsuit aren't getting completed. there is some error in it. please check that and will give 5 out of 5,1
joe r : this is an amazing game in every way,1
l exis : loved it. i would liked it more if there would be more charecters other than this,1
tim wrobel : would love to see the ability to transfer data across devices via play games. for example,1
l p : but quite a time killer. if i could pay a few bucks once to get revives instead of watching crappy ads for scamware,0
tom mezzie : beautiful music,1
eshanu sarker : the game has sick graphics and no ads. best arcade game i've played.,1
salman wahed : game is ok but the main character is too small.,1
aaron blanco : great game. loads of fun. need a paid version to get rid of apps. quite annoying to have to watch commercials after almost every play stoppage.,0
dave feltham : what joy to find that this game sucked 40mb of mobile data when i started it. this should be a request,1
ahmed haseeb : this game really is addictive! its simple yet challenging nature makes it even more interesting. no need of mentioning the elegant graphics and hypnotizing music!,1
spruha pattnaik : beautiful graphics and music,1
alessio franceschelli : game's good but sometimes when you start a video it goes black screen and you have to kill it,0
jeremy beaumont : lots of fun,1
a google user : this is the best andriod game i've played in a long time,1
nur al nafees : the day-night cycle is nothing short of extraordinary! and the rain...simply magical!,1
giulia coutts : elders make the game not fun,1
praveen kumar : i love the game but it doesn't sync when played in other devices using the same google login,1
ben jeffrey : i sometimes get games and just see what they are like then uninstall the but i don't have to the option to. i can only open the app. please help!,0
a google user : when you revive an ad pops up and before you have a chance you're down again :/,0
arnab das : nice and simple..though sometimes lags. the change of background is awsome.,1
siddhartha : nice pass time game. but sometimes it hangs for a very little time in my oneplus x.,1
bryan sanchez : i hate it when the screen darken's when the game turns to night time.,0
nawaaz will : the game is quite good. but the pause button is located at a very odd place. please move it on top. the game always pauses when i try to jump. it sucks. especially when i m beating my high score.,0
jason ng : a very well made game with unique and simple art style and the day and night cycle change the feel of the gameplay so the game wont feel too dull after a long playing session . the music fit perfectly too.,1
medchicken : amazing graphics,1
kishore rawat : when i downloaded it,1
sean fussa : it's a fun minimalistic game with great atmosphere and a great art style. it always manages to entertain.,1
a google user : fluid gameplay,1
haris ahmed : i love this game very much! it makes addicted. when i get bored i play this game! its makes my time also! good job!,1
kelly kan : totally addicted to this game. love the graphics,1
nick fury : trying to play it on my android box using a keyboard and mouse to no avail. the game screen does not respond to any controls from the keyboard or the mouse. it is a shame since this game would have been awesome to enjoy on the big screen,0
alphass : i don't keep games for very long simply because i get bored easily but this is one of those that i'll keep playing and won't end up in the trash bin!,1
jeremy miller : latest update includes cloud saves which is a great addition and makes it worthy of 5 stars imo. also a fun game if course!,1
sahil dahiya : this game is completely boring,1
mahesh chinna : i don't usually rate,1
fernanda larios : the music is so relaxing ,1
ahsan hussain : a great game...a bit slow on flip but it can be fixed..otherwise an amazing game,1
michael merjanov : so basically,1
yassen sabry : the only problem that they don't tell u the meaning of the misions that u have to do,0
john saade : the first part is unbeatable on my device,1
gurinder singh : great artwork,1
a google user : game control is not that good.. the landing has to be perfect... requires too much coin to revive alto... but the graphic is tooo good.,0
jayce roquemore : one of the best games you can get for free.,1
47un : it's hard to come across a game this good these days. it looks so beautiful that every scene is a potential wallpaper. gameplay is fair (so far so good) and melts you into the scenic beauty. the soundtrack keeps everything tied together. thank you!! awaiting more features and modes!,1
peter capri : this game is complete b.s. the algorithms are total crap. some levels are physically impossible to pass without having to spend coins that take you playing the level over 40 times. developer,1
harry purbrick : good game,1
deltfh : hey devs...you just ruined an otherwise awesome game with that news from noodlecake pop-up...plz fix as it crashes often,0
albert grain : fun game,1
nelson le : i'm starting to experience ads while gaming,1
adrian toocool : i wish there were moro this relaxing games out there. no stupid timed lives recharger. beautiful graphics and music. and it's free to play!!!,1
urmila sharma : i appreciate this game but its a problem this game should not have night but no problem its is the best game after clash of clan.,0
brad s. : great visuals,1
ibrahim adam : the flawless animation,1
anthony westcott : great game to kill some time. nice graphics an easy to play.,1
matthew schofield : really nice art style and quite imaginative. simple but challenging gameplay. not a lot to keep playing for once you've completed all the tasks though... quick response by the developers,1
brandon d : recently ads started popping up after i watch a video to get back on my board and when i say no thanks it closes out and makes me restart anyway please fix or i'm uninstalling i love the noodle games but this is stupid,0
krisna fathurahman : great design,1
hasib zaman : it is absolutely ridiculous why cant u guys come up with your own idea,1
agent 011 : it's a good game but there is some problem arising in back flip some time it can't do back flip!,1
jan teunis : amazingly fun game,1
collin price : this game is really awesome! the only thing i'd like to see is add the permission to keep the screen on as sometimes having to make alto jump just to keep the screen on causes me to die lol,0
ahmad batobarh : it is a really good game but i think you should make an option that let us choose the time " morning ,1
andrew mcfarland : fix the noodlecake popup ad. it's crashing the game,1
rajesh sony : wish i could be able to do both side flips (backflip and frontflip).,1
liran grunhaus : you are just tapping once in a while but somehow the game captivates you with the beautiful art and music. really well done. the revive mechanics are could use a bit of work,1
richie ballantyne : what a game,1
a google user : i hands down love this game. one of the best games i've played this year and last year. beautiful graphics and concept. however i really hope more updates come to bring more missions and characters as don't want to stop playing after!,1
shaun of the dead : i can see this game being a long lasting addition to my collection :) very good game play that keeps you trying to beat your last score. so fluid and the graphics and music are eerily beautiful... well done to the developers :),1
julio tinoco : just edited this comment from one star rated to five star this game is so cool the efects the weather the music it's just perfect,1
dnb revolution : simple gameplay with simple beautiful graphics,1
akhil ahuja : this game is amazing! its simple,1
kiran george : have been playing the game for 1 week,1
zyv : variety of combos and skills,1
damon billington : the game itself is very fun,1
clickbait 666 : good graphics for such little memory..and the soundtrack is so relaxing..its the bestbgame ive played..keep doing such good game,1
a google user : this game is so fun and it's not stressful so it doesn't get on my nerves. i love the characters and the scenery.,1
phillip harris : incredibly easy and fun. graphics are simple yet stunning. great...great job. my favorite game so far. so relaxing and peaceful. game needs 50 million downloads.,1
olsen fernandes : amazing visuals with dynamic route and course with day and night cycle and free flowing gameplay.,1
wojtek rygielski : one bug: jump controls keep freezing once in a while (always at the beginning of a new run),0
eugene wu : not one of those games where you can get sick of,1
dan beau : fun game but doesn't save to google cloud. had to reset phone and lost all progress.,0
adam brotzman : it's a great game with a good rate of progression and pretty good balancing but the wingsuit (in my opinion) is too hard to activate. either make it so that your scarf doesn't shorten or make each trick lengthen the scarf more? apart from that a great game,1
s b : love the game,1
alli metababycow : haven't got a bad word to say about this game - beautiful graphics,1
syed sadaf alam : like it,1
dhruv shah : some more complications can be added to make the game more interesting.,1
jawn man : has one of the most visually spelling graphics on a mobile game. i also love the gameplay for this game and it handles perfectly.,1
macrocosm : i would have given u 4 . but even after buying wingsuit ,0
scott o'brien : it's a nice game but i think u should add more mums to or lupe-re-lupe,1
gurahl teir : visually very appealing,1
spencer hardwick : loved it no ads control is awesome great time waster,1
sajid haniff : breathtakingly beautiful graphics. soothing music. simple gameplay. if your a fan of beautiful free runners,1
dominik bednarek : god damn the atmosphere in this game is just... i can't! bravo for the developers! also big + for the soundtrack and changing environment. i beg for more games like this one!,1
moyej uddin : though it's a small game but cause heavy battery dying.,1
daniel french : i love this game! but i just opened it on my new phone after i had synced up my google account. all my progress is gone! but the stats still show my old achievements. help!,0
kishan patel : in the tutorial it is shown that if alto falls or crash lands just click on it and he will skies again but in actuality it does not happening. please do something,0
bryce harris : i play this on the bus at home everywhere.my best character is paz or something like that keep up the great work!!!,0
chris dsouza : it's a nic game but not dat great to spend tym on,1
ken kaneki : the game was awesome at first. now during play it has a pop up and shuts down unexpected. wth man!?,1
sheena villafranca : this game is awesome! i don't know for you but it's really great! cool graphics! no glitches so far,1
vijay raj : its good game but i can't gave it 5 because their many things u can add to this game to make it best..,1
john blunda : beautiful and fun. the only con here is the battery runs pretty warm quickly during the game.,1
a google user : i know it won't change the game much but new characters will be a nice fresher.,1
milka jaramillo : i love it that's all but add more things that the public would like.,1
petru avdei : beautiful and fun. the game is oozing an artful game which is highly entertaining,1
jason bottin : beautiful art style,1
george georgiev : great atmosphere. simple to grasp,1
gino lee : it was a fun game with stylish graphics. but the update broke the game for me. it no longer runs.,1
roberto : great game,1
mohammad amil : i really like the game,1
arslan : but i don't know why it would ask me to permit for gallery,1
karla dominguez : the elders are to fast when they are 50 miles away they get to you so fast but other than that i like it.,0
arizona colt : let me say,1
dustin steadman : definitely love the artistic style. i like the characters,1
tommy alfida : i think you should be to add new skill acrobatic :d,1
redcloud xz : this game have by far the greatest graphics on mobile devices! it also is very great to play in anytime anywhere.,1
ricardo gonzaga : man was on lvl 38 already but just then i reformat my android then sh*ts happen was able to sign in with googleplay account but still lvl1,0
farell toh : this game is a masterpiece and i absolutely adore it to pieces. it's a beautiful game all around and i recommend it to everyone.,1
john brown : one of the best free games available. great art and style,1
nms trading enterprise. : removed the ads myself. game is pretty cool after that.,1
dibyajyoti samal : this game has really outdone my expectations. the ad-freeness,1
tanmoy biswas : don't know why people still play temple run. awesome game.good concept.,1
isaias t : my everyday game.....it very nice but it would be nice if u could add it same new future but otherwise it very incredib,1
sandesh pawan : i am not able to get past the chasm help m e do it,1
jami sekhar : really loved the graphics when i played the game on an iphone. been waiting for the android version and the graphics did not disappoint!!,0
chetan notty : bring something new such a boring game ..only we have to jump that's it,0
jon vork : why in gods name does alto seem to bail out of his backflip right at the crucial moment.......why why why?! other than that it would be a kewl game,1
jacob godserv : it's such a simple,1
trevor cardozo : great game,1
brandon thao : ads will pop up mid game and make you lose.,1
doppelganger p : only problem i have is when the elder is chasing i sometimes have no way of increasing my speed and end up dying,0
shashank sharma : i usually don't play games for too long,1
angel albarran : awesome game! this is like temple run but instead of swiping you just need to jump.,1
francois mostert : love it. and i hate most mobile games. noodlecake does it again,1
timothy teng : never had i played such a beautiful game such as this. kudos to the dev and do shower us fans with some goodies in game! love y'all,1
rahul george : after playing temple run and subway surfers it's a very nice change,1
628 vaibhav gautam : loved this game ! the graphics are winsome and gameplay is easy. audio is also mesmerizing !,1
mohammed altamash mohammed suleman khan : the obstacle should be in glowing colour just like coins,1
gabriele : you know the endless run game,1
bradley fertitta : beautiful art style,1
shubham gupta : the game is not too handy as the ski safari is of same concept..,0
bikash bhattarai : i hav connected alto to gmail and it was well connected but now when i formated mobile and tried to play alto again.. all achievement it shows but game start from lvl 1..what's that.??,0
jtgolden1s : everytime i start the game it loads a up an add then crashes.,1
heather holbert : loved the game,1
joshua wilson : this is an excellent game. simple,1
jeremy s : i usually hate endless runners,1
edward nagy : this game absolutely. just add more characters to keep things fresh!,1
happy memes : i've enjoyed and i'm still enjoying this game! everything in it goes together very well and has some challenging parts in it,1
alex trimm : on my one plus x it keeps crashing every so often making my phone restart which can get super annoying. great game though,0
caeleb fox-lee : this game is so fun and relaxing,1
mark fletcher : nice game,1
colliden crash : wondrous visual design on this endless runner. kudos to the designers for such an aesthetically pleasing game! simple endless runner with an engaging enough plot and great art direction - the world needs more of this!,1
charly roch : the game is really fun. but for me the best in this app is the background and graphism. this is just amazing. it 's the most beautiful game i have ever seen!,1
cyrus zhao : i really like the contrast of rocks. especially at nightsi cant relax and enjoy the skating.,1
samiur khan : simply epic....i wonder what sort of chills i'll get when playing this while high.,1
aman toora : but i cannot see the stats and the settings menu plox fix this,0
roopa singh : this game is the best adventure game in the whole play store.i never saw this type of game.loved it.,1
joseph diver : great game,1
ryllen : i really really like the visual,1
eem thapa : awesome background scenery,1
gwen longcrier : a total blast of a game. probably the best endless runner you can ask for.,1
sandeep sukumaran : the game is smooth and visually very appealing. nice soundtrack. seems well optimized. great use of procedural generation.,1
emilia grey : i love this game! i can't stop playing. great intro,1
joseph anderson : plays well little to no add unless you're trying to find them. really laid back,1
tricia dampog : this is the best game ever in my opinion!! easy to play and has calming graphics. it's officially my favorite game :d,0
conquest tv gaming : when u jump always flip and make u land on you face and this game make u wanna kill someone so frustrating u made me throw my phone on the wall! games should be fun not frustrating! !!,1
aulia f. : i 've tried over and over again,1
alex webber : started getting extremely intrusive popup ads which can cause death.,1
indera ihsan : the music is great. this game helps me sleep because of the relaxing music. thank you noodlecake,1
mohammed atef : i just can't put it down.. the graphics,1
paul akhimie : alto nitro! just awesome. physics right,1
erin dailey : i love this game sooooo muuch!!!! its awsome but the only flaw is that u cant change the lighting u cant make it day or night when u want,1
aizat khir : cant see obstacles durjng night time making not playable,1
scott smith : loved the game until ads started popping up on loading screen. every time i click no thanks,1
praveen thomurothu : one will surely become imperturbable if he get this game. truly graphic work is so good.,1
miss t : there is a noodlecake ad that keeps popping up during game play and then shutting down my app in the middle of a run. very very frustrating,1
abdullahi a : i like the game. but it's hard to notice the boulders as match the background. unless it is night time.,1
zaccheaus sutton : its a very beautiful game. the graphics and music and gameplay makes you want to play it more.,1
avipopoki : the graphics have a wonderful art ml style that matches the surrounding area. its hard to an extent that can still deliver fun to the player!!,1
brenden edmonds : great game and vary good for wasting extra time in a good way while having fun,1
rahul kumar : excellent graphics works fine with a problem... addictive game...keep it up developers,1
anurakt srivastav : how to describe this game. feels like a trip of mountains and climates. never before seen such a beautiful game. great update.,1
sam schroeder : never gets old and lots of fun. would like it more though with more upgrades and gadgets to get,1
jeanne go : graphics are amazing. the gameplay is quite hard(or maybe it's just me),1
a google user : a beautiful,1
ondrej hauser : this game is beautiful,1
svint ricardo : one day,1
nicholas miller : this game is stunning and addictive. i love the music that accompanies it . fun gameplay that never gets boring,1
deniz feyzi : good graphics,1
shraavan rai : it's awesome .just download the game and experience it its awesome.i bet that yu will luv it,1
akshay chandrabose : its not like every other games .. it kanda relaxes me .. the graphics & background music are awesome .. good job guys,1
j t : i saw the gameplay on ios and it was paid,1
mohit singh : really love the feel of this game,1
jtj tuazon : very nice game. but i strongly suggest to add save feature so we can play on multiple devices.,1
nikhil shinde : man this game is immersive !!. insane graphics . best android game so far. this game is perfect,1
jesus toro : for shore best app game of the year i saw ihascupquake on youtube play it and i thoght it would be a very good game to play ps defenetly subscribe to ihascupquake.,1
alejandro garcia perez : it's stunning and easy to play. this is how mobile games should be. i asked in my last review about cloud saving and now it's implemented! love for this game.,1
jon o'sullivan : fills those idle moments,1
jeison alexander cardenas montoya : really beautiful but it is kind of boring after some time.,1
shafique silawat : amazing display background and sound...totally love it..raining,1
joshua whitbread : awesome game love the gameplay can't wait for any more updates,1
joe lev : would be good but i would be playing and then an ad would come up and kill me,1
ben lucas : really easy game to play,1
sameer borkar : not much of a gameplay but its relaxing,1
me me : noodlecake ads pop up mid play and revive only works once,1
david cabrera : i love this game. but recently when i click to watch a video to continue the screen goes black and i have to exit out and then click end run. the watch a video just goes black...anyone else having this problem????,0
yishuan ang : how do you outwit your elders? the one who is sleeping by the fire,1
drew florin : beat it really quick! mainly cuz i have no life lol.,1
rookie mma : minimal,1
aaron hyper : the music makes me think how lonely my life is ^^,1
yash agnihotri : its actually awesome. brilliant work done by the creators and the editors. for me the best game on android,1
tushar turkar : seldom do you see a game with such detailed and immersive graphics. the game plot though is pretty generic.,1
keanu menezes : liked it then became boring and lost my cloud save data not playing anymore,0
vedant goel : just one tiny suggestion,1
nico : once you pop you cannot stop!,1
samuel morris : sometimes when i go over coins and power ups,1
corbin pierce : this game is one of my favorites! the graphics are beautiful! a great time waster and stress reliever.,1
robert cristino : i got a new phone and signed in and everything and you can't resume will you left off in your unlocking process and levels. so that really sucks and that makes me not to want to reinstall the game. might want to get that fixed.,0
nikos katris : update: who was the genius behind the idea of adding popup ads mid-game that don't even pause the game making you loose,1
jon s : the latest update added too many ads and the app started to crash frequently,0
rubducksu : easy to play. takes a bit to upgrade,1
maury marauder a. w : minimalistic art style and music is wonderful! have been playing this a ton since downloading. may i suggest that you include a tutorial on the elder chase? i wasn't very sure what to do or how to avoid the elder along the way a couple of times,1
damian k : after today's update this great game stopped working on my venue 8 3830 with 4.3 jelly bean. just 'unfortunately alto nad stopped message'. please fix it!!!,0
lam raliang : one of my favorite games. beautiful,1
pizxa : man this game is good.its so addicting i want to play it over and over agn cuz of the wingsuit i want it so badly but there are some bugs tht needs to be fixed,0
samer taleb : whenever i press play video the game stop responding,1
brandon clark : this game is great,1
nikhil : graphics are bang-on. no ads either. will check out your other games for sure!,1
dumidu pathirana : awesome graphics,1
andy kapelanski : saf to learn. can play one one hand too! my dream. pay the 4 bucks for double coins chud,0
sameer chandra : great work by noodlecake studios. the graphics are minimalistic and the game is really awesome. good revive mechanics!,1
fakhri mf : yup that's it,1
tom lyon : great game! very addictive,1
matthew turner : graphics are amazing,1
anees mufti : never thought such a small app can create such beautiful graphics!,1
raziel figueroa : sometimes i dont know how to do a mission cus you guys dont explain it,1
damien byrd : you count the points for back flips but not air time,1
emily lemons : pays attention to details,1
kit stachelrodt : it has nice music,1
dreamer 16 : this game is so awesome,1
sierra nelson : i found this ap on a friend's phone and wanted to download it but won't even work.,0
krishanu singh : can't believe this game is free.. excellent graphics and great music. love this game,1
d p : ski safari clone,1
pat vankeer : on level 4 now. the dark levels are unplayable because...well you cannot see the rocks...,0
petr cernocky : waste of exceptionally beautiful design for an extremely trite game concept.,1
pramila mondal : can't describe graphic is awesome music is outstanding gameplay is juzzzt brilliant,1
hexa ananda : i just now re-install this game and i connect it to google play games but it's not reload my old game,1
logan : ads are non-intrusive,1
miklos toth : this game is the prettiest one on android right now imo,1
thy cao : the recent out of nowhere ads appear in the middle of the run cause constantly crashing,1
cordy mail : aazing game with its mood and style. i also love smooth gameplay. great work,1
jayendran b : there is this noodleking ad thats coming up and crashes the game when i say no to the popping up af,0
artificial astronomers : dont make me rewrite my statement tht i has sent.... what the hell...,1
rudraksh gupta : one of the best endless runners ive played . love the graphics & gameplay!! would love to see some new characters,1
zerothescyther : addicting and marvelous. tho,1
jacob szor : because of the ads,1
kyle hattingh : this is the most calming game ever for me. i play it before i go to bed every single night and its just so amaxinggg!!!,0
maria conceicao : very beautiful and fun game to play. quite challenging as well.,1
ujwal patel : game is awsome.... n by hearing music we get peace listen it inserting your headphones,1
jazir mandley : they cheat to much i fell right before the cliff and watched a vidoe to revive me and then i got back up and died. other than the game cheating it is really fun,1
manideep : if it's a little near vision ,1
tom doan : this is one of the best free games with no in-your-face ads in the play store. soothing soundtrack and easy controls...very,1
sarthak mattagajasingh : whenever i try to launch the app,1
carl travis : very fun game and tough challenges kept me playing!,1
gray stoudt : it's such a simple concept but it works with this game and has good graphics and simple controls i love it,1
mike lauducci : awesome game except ever since the ad for your new puzzle game on homescreen,1
john donald : this is an amazing game gameplay is fine the background is relaxing and looks so awesome and the music is great...,1
rod hyde : looks beautiful and plays very well. it has that one more go quality.,1
gabrielle garner : i love this game it is relaxing and full of great things about snowboarding and i think it is the best game ever".,1
honey-ann balila : but too much decorations and it will lead me to confusion ! not good at english sorry,1
danny steijvers : wooow,1
jorge villanueva : this is how every free to play game should be,1
ramiro aviles : this game is so sick it gave me lung cancer,1
jeff hickman : one of the best games i've ever played for a phone. the graphics and music is off the charts.,1
prak kash : if a human can fall in love with a simple single control-response game...this is one serious contender..if not only,0
sunita rohal : best game ever had and help to free from bored mood,1
primenebula 04 : gameplay is great,1
khyamansu nayak : can you make this alto 2playes game if you ll make to players then it's wll more popular,1
ezry s : they make the game unplayable.,1
bartomiej wawro : awesome game. and i dont rate games too ofen,1
rithika cherukat : i love the small details added. it adds to the aesthetic appeal.,0
klaikong vaidhyakarn : fun and nice graphic and sound but it made noise with bluetooth headset! please fix!,1
mark miller : just touch the screen to jump or hold to flip. simple yet fun and beautiful graphics,1
kevin olson : my only suggestion would be to add a way to disable the day night cycle. it's too hard to see u less you are in a dark room.,0
sairam nagarajan : one of the best visually stunning games in play store.,1
samuel woon : i like this game very much,1
deven slosek : this game is amazing,1
alex gomez : everytime i open the app an ad come out and crashes it,1
javier romero : please come up with more stuff like this.,1
guruprasad j rao : am playing this game from a day or 2 and it's beautiful n amazing.. all five stars is yours..,1
ruby hervies : great game reminds me a lot of the game journey on the ps3 especially with the whole scarf thing,1
wes alm : difficult to put down. awesome art,1
nicholas taylor : arbitrary goals in each level,1
ryan l : best game i've played on mobile,1
bananamanguy : simply one of the most eye appealing games i have ever played. mechanics are smooth. day and night system is detailed and beautiful. and lamas. who doesn't like chasing down lamas?,1
koaabyss : gorgeous game,1
abhishek acharya : lovely graphics,1
brandon king : i'll be looking forward to updates and more releases from you guys. keep up the good work!,1
shaun yap : addictive gameplay. challenging and fun. no bugs or problems. easy to get the hang of it. overall an excellent game!,1
sylverewti : awesome game. really good time-killer. graphics are nice,1
george thomas : great graphics,1
oleg butorov : found this game as always looking for a cool art style. the game nailed it! and it's not just graphics. the simple idea and game mechanics make it more fun. in the end,1
charbel azar : this game is amazing,1
indranuj kar : please add more songs.. since uts launch ios,1
max diaz : the game is perfect,1
cole ryan : i saw this game when it had about 1000 downloads and i gave it a chance,1
ricky sorrow : amazing. i just love the art style of the graphics and the gameplay itself ! keep it up guys ! it deserves 6 stars.,1
dulara athukorala : it's the best game i played after a while...simple but awesome af.,1
amit mamdani : graphics are really cool & good music. addict to play but i want much more expect to this game,1
nanduri bharrath : why do you need to access contents of my sd card..why do you need it..change this or -5 stars for you..game is good though/.!!,0
ferny flores : a very fun game. it can get repetitive,1
#define sigint 2 : rating to be fair. unity engine rejects my hardware; a recent unity change to support tegra3 +.,1
giorgos kanellopoulos : a 5-star game in every way; immersive music,1
masum khan : love this game and have made a lot of progress. i wouldn't want to lose it all when i change my phone!,1
greg widener : lots of stutter on my verizon s7 edge. great game!,1
santhosh kesani : jus unlocked all the characters by the way the last one is super cool,1
rohan rajan idicula : shouldn't miss this game. a simple game. so darn addictive with amazing music. absolutely 5/5.,1
jameseia shipp : i love it but i can't jump threw that huge gap in the snow,1
dhaval harsora : loved the art of the game and its one of the coolest game i have played now days.,1
sunil allan : love the graphics,1
tom svircev : used to be great. i'd have given it 4 or 5 stars. now i start it,1
assimo iovahale : it's awesome,1
kade sutherland : it's so smooth,1
adi saxena : visuals are a treat to watch.... looks amazing on tab... but gameplay is not as good as ski safari,1
aja hemphill : otherwise this is a great little time killer.,1
lone wolf : blank screen on my asus zenfone 2 edit: fixed thanks devs lovely game,1
bayernfreak 05 : its fun but a bit boring.,1
q nemo : easy concept,1
peter jancso : the design is very good,1
david nelson : everything is flawless. probably the best game so far this year. fun on apple tv also.,1
hiro katsuki : nice art,1
ian smith : never bother rating games but this one is truly ace - so simple,1
a google user : this has to be the best game ever ! everything is beyond perfect,1
gordon pretorius : loved this game until that stupid popup started showing "more from noodle games". when i say "no thanks" it closes the game and it pops up mid game without pausing. get rid of it!!!! spoiling an otherwise excellent game.,1
lindsey ohl : it's a super fun game that is also really pretty! i like the leveling system.,1
forensic panda : great game. a little glitchy at times but i love it.,1
greatman : it's very challenging. and i like different climates and its graphics and music. it's pretty cool game.,1
vaibhav baiju : this game is fun to play nice graphics never hangs beautiful music,1
david perron : great challenges and fun new characters to unlock.,1
raveena dave : i m playing this for like hours and its really very cool and soothing game and yes wonderful graphics..,1
dylan gomer : love this game. had it since 1000 downloads really good art style as well,1
sqayvier games : this game is fun i can't afford wingsuit don't make so many of the goals about wingsuit,1
swapnil chavan : you guys are really awesome... seriously its an awesome game with great graphics and effects.,1
lisa gilley : when i tap the screen theres like a one second delay please fix,0
mesta saktina : beware this game is time killing machine. very addictive.,1
kr1tarth mishra : i just loved this game the graphics are awesome and the sound is quite soothing and relaxing but the speed and acrobatics are adrenaline rush factor.,1
nithin r : this is the first time i am giving my review about a game on playstore! this game is wonderful! beautiful concept - and graphics are good! te concept about time of the day is really fantastic and neatly executed! and the back ground music is also a plus point! a game which is kinda my escape now! i really enjoy playing this! great job !,1
jatin wani : this happens to be the best game i've ever played on android. its smooth,1
travis bostic : i'm glad there isn't any adds,0
charles hubbard : like to see added tricks like front flips for an example. awesome game.....!,1
richard favila : nice visuals,1
john tiongson : beautiful game,1
makyy hall : the beautiful scenery and simple mechanics make this one a keeper. good job :),1
mikayla napoleon : this game has been on all of my things and it will always,1
tarun kumar : awesome background and music it reduces the tension everyone must play this game,1
azhar_05_44 : its still downloading.. not plays yet.. but it seems gonna work for me! hmm its really great fun,1
donovan kilbreath : one of the best games i have ever played not a waste of time for a time waster,1
freshwater adventures : i like how the scene and weather changes each play.. :) very unique.. smooth,1
max dpt : amazing game,1
ming : i always wish to play these kind of games. interfaces are perfect and no ad popping up so far. what else can you compare to games nowadays!! love it.,1
todd soden : i am totally addicted to this game,1
mathew roberts : love this game,1
nathan thomas : after level 30 keep getting ads mid game,0
ben ide : very nice to look at. could really do with something other than just backflips and grinds.,1
jason hankin : this is the best game ever created in the world. the graphics are awesome and the characters in the game are sups cool.,1
fiish lin : i wish there was a setting to choose day and night i cant see well in the night version...it's too dark...,1
smokeyy the bear : hours of fun really no compliant,1
harshad kandalkar : awesome game,1
anseb moidutty : one of the best pleasing and interesting game i have ever played! thanks dev team! great work!!,1
locarla beatriz villela rocha : the game is outstanding! it couldn't be better. congratulations!,1
saurav kumar : my data was gone after i upgraded the game. now i have to start from beginning,0
jack glanvile : really fun addictive game to play when you have 5 miutes spare. looks brilliant aswell!,1
cameron bonner : these are some of the best graphics i have seen on any mobile game. most games with graphics like these have a crazy high storage capacity need,0
xander heatley : i love it when games have that one amazing art style that you fall in love with,1
oliver sworder : i love the game,1
arctic koala curry : this game is great,1
quinton bekeur : this is what mobile gaming is all about,1
katarina the sinister blade : this game is beautiful,1
conor o'neill : latest update displays ads during the runs! sort it please!,1
official fun for you : best game ever played,1
vishesh garg : the game doesn't even start,1
fru h. : amazing game! it's relaxing,1
rahul parihar : nice game and background music is very relaxing... feel good whenever i play this game.. nice work team,1
henry theroux : it's a good game. doesn't constantly try to get me to pay for something,1
diogo nunes : great design,1
poppy : i love the music and the graphics. it's relaxing and simple but still fun!,1
sunny johnson : a must have game! the wprld leaderboard is broken because of hackers but you'll still enjoy it.,1
peter pickthall : i understand that you have to have adds if the app is free,0
caleb burns : the visuals on this game makes it that much more fun to play. the rain is extremely realistic.,1
william gibbs : and then you added the extra ads which crash my game on start up and then when restarted intrude into the gameplay!,0
david malenke : this is one of the best games i've played in a while! great job.,1
tom ayre : genuinely beautiful,1
raghav soni : dope gameplay plus music effects,1
toxbox devel : it runs smooth,1
tullio gomes : lots of fun and challenging! addictive to its extreme! besides the nice graphic and beautiful scenario! you must try!,1
king of awesomeness : but sometimes it doesn't jump so i die pretty easily,1
chetan zagade : nice game....no problem but add some another type of flips.,1
robert f : annoying ad keeps popping up for another one of their games like you can be 5000 meters in the ad will pop up you hit no thanks and then it closes the game killing any progress i still like the game but until they fix that add placement i give it 1 star,0
szabolcs gaal-weisinger : is there any way to disable ads? they always(!) crashing the game. i would pay for that. btw i like the game.,0
harsh chelani : your devs created a very nice and ease to play game with nice design idea i was just wondering it can be more nice if it would be on vr because this game is work on single touch and vr is also work on that.,0
chris mchugh : many times i ride directly through a magnet i don't "pick it up". please fix for 5 stars.,0
robert matthews : i only have one question: why the hell am i chasing llamas? great game,1
gurzo andras : great graphics but the gameplay is not rewarding and it is boring after a while,0
abu manahil : love this game,1
hossameldin elzallouy : finished it and enjoyed the graphics and sounds,1
heather : couldn't say much more. just play and you'll see why.,1
the furry tales : like the game overall.. same issue though.. plz dont strain our eyes.. ur dark cycle is giving us the dark circles.. shorten the night time ! thats the only thing . . !!,1
sean silva : does anyone else think this should be called ' maya's adventure '? love this game; haven't stopped since i downloaded it! keep up the good work,1
sonaam hitang : i love the graphics ,1
bikram sarkar : rain sound effects are so good and music also.. i loved it! thanks for make this game :-),1
angel faith mendoza : love the colors and the combo-stringing mechanisms. can you make the colors for the night time cycle a little brighter? it's hard to play the game when you're using a low light setting.,1
starlink : i love the artwork and the music. an overall entertaining 2d runner.,1
garv sachdeva : graphics are real smooth,1
k l : fantastic graphics and sound is soothing. challenging and relaxing game. love it!,1
lemuel santiago : love the simplicity of the game! and it's so chill playing it.,1
dino novak : by far,1
al mahmud rijoy : great graphics,1
brendon bradley : alto is a great character. so are the others. good good graphics too!,1
mick hayes : great little bit of fun. looks good too!,1
akshay saxena : love the graphics,1
fantastic jeremy : it would be cool there were more characters but despite that it's really good.,1
preetesh jain : extremely fluid physics,1
korben mcbride : really fun. it is playable and not impossible to progress and level up.,1
avi's kitchen : can't think of anything i would like to change. maybe just more tools in workshop would be nice.,1
alex shabu : this is a nice game but not addictive to play,1
madden miles : the music is so relaxing and the gameplay is amazing,1
tung nguyen : the only drawback is the lack of tricks,1
caroline van deusen : this game is so fabulous and whoever made it is a genius!! extremely fun and easy to learn.,1
ushree gupta : it is super fun and the game experience is very smooth. love it!,1
ramprasath pitta : this one gives a whole new meaning to gaming where you aren't so desperate to finish it off. there isn't much of competition. it's just you and the beautiful visuals. the soundtrack makes the game even more soothing !! absolute bliss !!,1
sergio p : fun game but needs to have the display stay awake,1
andrew malcolm : edit... can you link it to your google account to save progress,1
joel ortiz : i am so addicted to this game,1
niloy dafierto : this game is pretty awesome,1
sanjay chauhan : the game plays well and is absolutely stunning. great work!,1
kyle salewski : please let this be searchable from the android tv play store! also,1
midhun tm : try this once .its sure that you are gonna love ittttt,1
maldonado fitness : level 60 already,1
gabriel valentin : good concept,1
gitesh patil : addictive,1
daniel boos : this game is not fun i when i am bored i hate playing this game,1
saurabh jaiswal : best game i have ever played . even better then shadow fight,1
brian pultz : downhill skiing is great,1
riju chakraborty : gaming isn't just about idle time killing...it's li'l more than that. and this one here is certainly more than a simple hurdle race...it's like my escapade from the hustle bustle of daily life...as if i am part of a beautiful narrative...loving it :-),1
chris brown : beautiful game! my only suggestion would be to have an option to disable the day/night cycle,1
falak arora : game is great but crashes a lot on my note 2,1
mason bishop : why on earth had this game used 500mb in just under a month? that's far too excessive. deleting until it's fixed.,1
anthony harry : one of the best side scrollers i've played in a while. still loving it.,1
shan khaliq : @harrynesbitt you really nailed the game now im giving examples of thia to my designers.,1
lidya apriliani : combination of minimalist graphic design and calm music is so relaxing - and beautiful.,1
jason mcglaughlin : lmk if you need pointers. beat it. put out an update called tupas adventure!,1
chris jones : clean graphic design,1
juthatip wisanmongkol : i fell down a chasm and the game stuck there.,1
lusindiso mbolekwa : had fun playing it,1
ariel david atok : but sometimes it's hard to see the rocks,1
a google user : best game i've played. great graphics,1
b. aziz : i exit the game with more than 10,1
a google user : a fun and challenging game with beautiful sceneries and music to accompany it,1
vikram das : more than anything the graphics is simple yet beautiful!!,1
shreedhar d : smooth gaming,1
zach michels : the new update with the advertisement sucks. it closes out every time. why even offer to watch a video to revive?,0
romy : this game always calms me down..love it,1
james roysdon : very pleasing to play and love the music and the sound of the thunder and the visual aspects of this game,1
semanti mandal : an entirely new experience. loved it. the best game one can play in mobile,1
anton kaptainis : great relaxing game. beautifully designed and very entertaining.,1
chirag patelia : it' too much fun to play this game and it's graphics is very nice.,1
gameracer hd : graphics and sound is like wow. awesome game play and please make more challenging,1
cyko thedonnatarian : thee best game i've tried thus far definitely too 5,1
neem siwakoti : i can't tried to play this game! good job,1
ose chukwuma : it not working on my tablet,1
dino inzauro : would like to see a few different "levels" but super fun regardless.,1
atik ahamed : wonderful game and the background music just completes it. great time spent.,1
rosemary connolly : cute graphics and cool game mechanics,1
mendin watley : its cool cause the part when you make it far some dude chases you,1
madhav gaur : superb visuals for different weather. soothing music and easy gameplay. highscore- 272950,1
alexis gundogan : graphics and animations are very great. this game works fine,1
martijn : great game to pick up and play once in a while!,1
kyle hudson : great graphics and addictive game. cant stop playing.,1
mohit sharma : love it . bose in ear are cherry on d cake.,1
abraham ornelas : fun game,1
samson varghese : loved it since it gives you goals to achieve,1
rolando rivera : love this game. great way to pass the time. music and graphics are excellent.,1
brian speer : it's a fun game. wish it had boards to beat though,1
nahum hernandez : superb graphics,1
baekhyundragon : it's very fun,1
am nelles : graphics are great. controls are simple. addicting too!,1
iko kostovski : needs character editing and front flip as a possibility,1
nandan soni : excellent performance and awesome graphics for such minimal games. loved it.,1
sakib : looks stunning on my samsung galaxy s8 plus. love the zen mode!,1
ljubisa marceta : best phone game i have ever played,1
tristan bachman : easy to pick up,1
jamie weeks : love the game love the colours and graphics. great game!,1
adriana dick : i have it on my tablet and i think it is a great game the grafics are amazing,1
oulla o : the perfect mix of style and replayability - well done developers!!,1
brandon wood : it gives you challenges and it makes it addicting,1
sudhindra sk : the game is awesome!! but i think they need to add some more stunts and new skateboards for speed and stuff,1
matin : everything is on point! the visuals are amazing,1
mario oliva : it so good this game! is entertainment and fun!,1
suvadeep banik : one of the best games i have played in recent times. it calms me down. kudos to the developers.,1
mansour nasser : graphics,1
james brantley : why don't you enable progress restoration,1
rajesh pattanaik : well great game but not able to get the avatars unlocked back after installing in a different phone though the same google account,0
kaloyan stoychev : simple,1
ullas tyagi : after so many days i played a truely entertaining game. indeed.,1
dillon coop : as a person who doesn't "rate" quite often,1
edwin garcia : this game is really nice,1
dhwanan p : 5 stars for graphics and music... game could be more immersive and interesting though,1
james kingsnorth : attractive to look,1
jaime taylor : thoroughly enjoyable... highly rrccomended great balanced game,1
abhishek bedi : sounds,1
amit devadhe : the team effectively used 2d concept in game. thanks for giving us such a great game.,1
igor cunning : kills time and is kinda calming but with could do other tricks,0
ilalang dzahira anwar : this is one of the best. the music is relaxing,1
moonz : simple and fun with beautiful graphics and soothing and peaceful music.,1
lysandros bafaloukos : awesome graphics awesome music and awesome gameplay! best game i have played in the past year! keep up the good work!,1
dumont darsey : wonderful graphics and atmosphere. keeps me interested every level.,1
nosagieagbon : great job to the makers of this game. great job guys. you are totally going to win thousands and thousands of awards!,1
emperor lelouch : its the most best game i've ever played.,1
yash date : great game with passionate creation. good graphics and very peaceful music!,1
the mechanic : could use some tweaks and bugs worked out. i love this game though!!!,1
mats fritjof : i wish i could change alto's outfit to different colors.,1
bruce mckenna : this is a beautiful game. the art style is truly unforgetable and the sound track is amazing!,1
abdul razzaq : great game and very good graphics...beautiful scenes and awesome sound love it,1
vaibhav rastogi : such a brilliant game with smooth graphics and soothing gameplay.,1
mark jensen : expertly made,1
mohammed fahad : amazing game with soothing graphics,1
conor petretta : this game is so addicting and so fun. it deserves editor's choice.,1
pavan kumar : i love the time lapse.,1
wilar : more relaxing music please,1
janardhan dandu : great work on both the graphics and the music!! 5 stars no questions asked!!,1
joshua ivins : the best game i have played on a phone ever!!!,1
cynthia fong : i loved the art,1
james dizon : very simple. enjoyable and not frustrating. certified eye candy.,1
gohar khan : i live this game everyday veruy nice and good graphiks the advanchure is very good and i do the jump trick ahhahahahahhh very good game very nice very fine very fine hahhahahahahhahahahahhaha,1
skinwalker 1976 : easy to pick up and play,1
a google user : incredibly simple game,1
thomas tokarski : awesome graphics! i love the sou!d effects!,1
a google user : love the music makes me feel like i'm the one skiing the mountain,1
akshay sebastian : this is an awesome game. great visual effects and nice bgm. loved it.,1
mijan islam : addictive. but life for ads is irritating,1
ritz dell : addicted so much that wake up at midnight to play...,1
joshua lorenzo : this game is beautiful.,1
yuann wang : love the graphics and music for this game. very well made :),1
valentin trita : the game is very good and fun. it feels finished. well done.,1
mark o : pretty,1
isodope : this game is a piece of art. the transition between day and night is awesome.,1
reynier sebastien : nice music,1
dio septian : i absolutely love the graphic and music,1
florian martin : simple gameplay,1
varun kumar : really really a great game. graphics,1
ajay mane : one of the best game i ever play speacially the background music was the awesome part of this game good job guys.......,1
tony_ d93 : i love this game so much it really suprised me because the graphics in this game are so pretty and so relaxing just keep making games like this i love it man,1
felorin moginda : good graphic and sound. very simple to play. its a must try.,1
milan bhattarai : awesome ... just keep on updating more and more things in game.... the music is so perfect,1
selma lolita dyah pitaloka : the art style is superb. the idea is quite fresh and the gameplay exciting. love this xx,1
handmade tofu : i really love this game so much! so smooth. relaxing. fun. and also addictive! i like the piano theme too! sharing this game to my classmates,1
bharat modha : love the scenery,1
stephen marks : love the music,1
nikhil bhardwaj : exceptional graphics which involve seasons,1
hrayr tonakanyan : it's amazing. very beautiful game with positive mood. i really loved it. design and sound effects are also very nice. good job done!!!!,1
unnop alpha : beautiful game and very relax music. this is a must play game!,1
liam ellis : a decent and fluid game to pass some time.,1
hannah moran-macdonald : omg i love this game it's so fun and addictive get it!!! it's really creative and fun to play with friends and family :),1
e sherman : this is a beautiful game both in concept as well as design.,1
tuyet nguyen : simple and elegant. reminds me of the game "journey" on playstation,1
ioana vasilescu : nice story,1
ankit mehta : just the kind of game you need to keep you entertained and not complicated. love it,1
vignesh thambi : nice graphics n work flawlessly... the great thing is,1
gavin minor : do back flips and it is simple and great graghics with lighting and the moon and sun with the mountains and dont take up lots of space,1
bobby williams jr : great game but please give an option to remove ads.,1
thomas west : i like the game but when you have to buy something just to move on in a game i don't see the point,0
theo : this is the definition of a mobile game,1
callme asmr : very very bad it was not open please don't download the game,0
dr. royalty : makes me want to play it on a piano.,1
chaitanya nargolkar : top notch graphics and sound. great game to play on the go,1
m.a. mazid. tousif. nadid. : this is a rare andeoid game that graphics is so cool and the music is perfect to the adventer.,1
amol bhusan pradhan : superb game and good timepass. can u please tell me what is proximity backflip.,1
i wanna die : this game has an amazing soundtrack and is very addicting. absolutely loved the games style.,1
payton clemons : beutiful senery,1
prasanth a p : love the atmosphere of the game;great graphics and the the sunrise and sunset is absolutely stunning,1
vincent jacob : this game is so awesome! i love the graphics,1
diego padula : a very good quality for a free game. five stars is a little bit short.,1
dylan van der merwe : please add more features to the game. i love it,1
jordan pendergrass : gameplay is fun,1
aljo anto : feels similar to subway logic wise,1
leylan b : don't normally do this. but i have to give it to the developers. it's a great game.,1
ed dewes : can get abit repetitive but a great challenging game,1
sarthak verma : love the graphics ,1
sayak das : fast and smooth gameplay with stunning visuals. minimalistic feel. great job.,1
danny cross : such a beautiful game and seriously fun. i got so much more than i expected with this game.,1
rishabh negi : the scenery and background music is so good.i love the game,1
julian rothe : showing ads in the middle of a run so you fail.. thanks for that. also regular bugs like dying for no reason. uninstalled,0
guillaume larocque : finally a game in which the interest of the player is the prime focus.,1
farhad sabbaghi : please add some varity to the game.like change the character,1
michael heerkens : the game has good graphics and is really addictive keep up the good work,1
jinji bones : something on this level of integrity deserves acclaim. well done,1
alfie kenneally : lovely art style,1
sudip dey : the most beautiful android game i've ever played. thanks.,1
mausov : very fun time waster. incredible simple and intrinsic,1
boyka nelson : was the ever gaming adventure had...done beautiful graphical things among all...thanks to the team,1
paul sunshine : i love the look and feel of this game. it is wonderful in its simplicity.,1
willord estero : oustanding graphics! background music is so enthralling! love this game so much!,1
girish ganesan : excellent music track makes the game very comforting to play.,1
august hare : i love this game,1
tanvir hussain miraj : nothing else to say after i play it for a li'l while.,1
hassan zaidi : u have to increase the size of runner... little bit... its below normal... thanx ... overall game is awesome... gr8 work,1
richard schirmer : i liked the concept,1
valon tafa : this game is absolutely gorgeous! problably one of the best games in play store!,1
daniel stoltz : i loved it just thought that there should be online matches for distance.,1
rameshwar singh : loved the simplicity and graphics of the game. always get a feel of adventure whenever playing this game.,1
prabhuraj kogalimath : pls change the colour of rocks,1
steven r. : new pop-up videos are a huge annoyance.,1
edgar sorto : i love the graphics for this game and the music makes it that much better.,1
kaushtubh chauhan : the game is fluid and doesn't lag.change in weather is a nice and it would be nice change to upgrade and change different board with powerups,1
king will85 : the game is so aeesome it just needs to decribe the obhectuves besides that it is an awesome game!!!!!!!,1
curtis kaldestad : alto's adventure is and absolute delight to play and master.,1
james schofield : this game is amazing,1
matthew : great aesthetics,1
emma ashworth : best game ever. just make the upgrade prices a little leases expensive. also,1
myke edison : the game is amazing,1
vincent hanniet : easy and fun. easier would be too much,1
sabari venkatesh : a game set in a fantastic backdrop makes playing this an engaging one.,1
shiladitya roy : just awesome. need to improvise some moves and coin/point thing.,1
jason richard : very cool version of a temple chase game.. but it really needs an option to disable night..very tough to see!! help the players and i'll give it 5 stars!!,1
peter winstanley : i love this game. it's calming,1
subhradip banerjee : nothing to say more ....i gave up playing subway surfers for this one ...this is awesome,1
sophia r : loved it,1
rob bottomley : beautiful graphics,1
dallas mcgonigal : play for a minute,1
angkon halder : it's really more of a meditation than a game. love playing it every time,1
aamya grove : i like totally love this game it is like so fab you know what i mean.,1
michael nalumino : this game has a simple and fun design that is very addictive. it's a very good game,1
suhail shaik : graphics are too good. but stunts are less. music is good. worth playing!!,1
vishwas vishwakarma : the background music,1
malcolm murphy : the game has amazing aesthetics,1
mars_ on_lock! : a real attention grabber,1
andrew s : like a runner of which im not a fan but this is different great art level design graphics sound effects and music,0
a google user : great game. make a download forthwith!,1
priteem behera : one of the best games i have ever played.,1
day b. : one of the best games that doesn't demand your time but takes it anyway.,1
adriian mdfk : its one of the best games ever but it would be good more skills that would be as passive skils,1
roogeh : thank you for making this game exist you are awesome please make some more games like this,1
aryan oberoi : i love the game. especially the ui. i love the soothing music in the background and also the beautiful scenery. :) i love it.,1
miruna dragomir : great gameplay,1
bryce neil : great game,1
bruce barnes : this is definitely one of my go to games. i recommend this for everyone,1
funny guy : the only problem is that the characters sliding in the marvellous ice. ...are to small to cope up this game....,1
rohal shinde : awesome game ever best graphics & controls,1
meth overdose : this is the best game i played in a long time,1
soubhagya ranjan : it's crashing on zenfone 4,1
james harris : great game very addictive keep up the good work and make more games like this,1
anupam das : this game is very addictive and love playing it,1
ranjun singh : beautiful!simply love the music though would appreciate if it would shuffle a bit,1
v k : it is really and addictive game and visual effects are really amazing.,1
sam eldin : i play on galaxy note 4 with maximum brightness and can't see when it is at night time.. it's too dark..,1
mahady hasan : title says it all,1
aditya pandey : i love this game. graphics and scenes are very nice.,1
yashwant raj : so addicted and time killing app....lovely music with good graphics...,1
tuinoino davis : it's very active and if you are board this game takes up time,1
ankit mahto : a lots of places to be explored like villages,1
lord headass : still you havent failed to amaze me noodlecake,1
keng lyn woo : can't get through tutorial,1
amenosubaruboshinomikoto ryugu : for delivering such a nice game,1
court otawa : this game is addictive as hell,1
jason evans : simple,1
tanner anderson : good gameplay.love the challenges,1
cross kennedy : easy to get in to,1
jake myers : the graphics are awesome and the game play's fun and addictive,1
luis olivas : wow this game has no lag what so ever the music is good and evering thing els make a sites out of this plz,1
meng s. : fun but freeze or shutdown my phone sometime..,1
kind wizard : the most beautiful looking mobile game ive every seen in my life now if only i can get past my highscore,1
josh miller : this game is simple and fun,1
chilly64 : love this game. beautiful graphics and music. feels good playing this.,1
ethan parker : it would be nice if you could do more tricks other than back flips and grinds,1
mohammed umar : better than others of dis types! and music is also too gud,1
wesley kizer : a beautiful and fun game,1
aka loui3 : awesome nothing else needs to be said.,1
joao oliveira : really nice game,1
gal chen : loved it. thanks for the endless fun,1
theechologist16 jw : i loved this game so much but can you please add some more characters pls for more fun,1
fauzan ilmar : shantik shomel geym. gud wok! 3 thumbs,1
eco vasquez : this game is really fun and i like it but it reminds me a lot of my favorite game ski safari so most like a new version of it,1
gadadhar tiwary : super addictive. graphics,1
luca orlando : nice graphic but boring after few hours,0
eric l : beautiful graphics,1
captain saad : i like this game very very very much.....but plz add the day night cycle i can't see rocks in night.,1
bikesh lama : this game has really good graphic and background music.,1
omer akyol : very relaxing and smooth gameplay. astonishing visuals.,1
hubert20089 domowy : i did lot of levels and i like the killer it is cool beter true it,1
john dolomite : hope you like watching video commercials for other games!,1
vidit singhvi : it is pretty awesome and have beautiful ambient . great work cheers,1
alex navarro : very cool and simple game. sound and visuals are amazing.,1
ismail lohar : awesome art and design. need weather and more workshop item to make it more addictive.,1
thanseeh jameel : what to do when the santa claus chases you,1
tyler souza : game crashes ten seconds into launch,1
maisy moo : its a really good game and males you want to play more!,1
kishore : an awesome game with really sleek graphics not the one like the others which kinda boasts it's really great ;) keep up the good work !!,1
sung jin woo : thank you guys for your great work. keep going,1
aparup thakuria : nice game for timepass,1
yorgo chalhoub : one of the best art work in addition of an wonderfull soundtrack and above all an easy and addictive gameplay,1
carson smith : now that it works i can appreciate the true beauty of this game.,1
gilberto echeverria : very artistic and fun. a real work of art.,1
yassir zahir : minimal design,1
jeemutbbahan roy : plays like a charm. looks charming. the music soothes the mind. brilliantly re-playable.,1
waleed alvi : great game and game play is smooth. i see the potential in making this game even better with future updates!,1
christopher valdeavilla : the game was so nice and cool especially the characters haha great game,1
joshwin daniel : this game has very realistic surroundings and the sunset and night is very cool though. can you please increase the speed for rotating?,1
ashish madeti : i had to start from level 1 in my new mobile,1
ryan cottrell : could have better powerups and maybe different features in the runs but overall beautiful and super addicting,1
pramodh seebah : great ad placement great game. great job creators,1
albert melu : this game is too cool. i super loove the graphics and gameplay. :),1
tiago : beautiful graphics! i just hope for better optimization on lower end phones,1
will orr : beautiful to look at and great fun to play,1
sunny singh : very nice want more this type of games,1
ruone bohan taghian : well put together and an excellent time killer,1
owen dunnigan : this game has amazing graphics and super enjoyable,1
shaban taj : such a fun chill game great graphics too,1
joseph fountain : fun game play with a nice rolling scenery,1
carlos burnett : i can taste the victory all ready,1
mark l : just needs to be a little more forgiving on the landings,1
adeniyi olaitan : awesome light and good on samsung tab 3 lite,1
russell peter : else fine smooth,1
cameron clayton : the first time i played it was great,1
nathan otis : i really enjoy playing,1
saihaan syed : really fun. bootyfull aesthetics and graphics and it really has that temple run feel. especially the workshop.,1
isaac dadzie : enjoyed the game a lot but need to be able to restore game progress,1
jamie bradley : great game well polished flawless on my s6 edge plus well done,1
shreyas rao : marvelous job noodle cake studios 5 stars for this game,1
wolves : its is amazing make more updates plz,1
mr. nuclear : this game is so fun i recommend this game to everybody,1
kumar anandhan : i enjoyed lot and that evening time in game is so nice nice graphics,1
jorge chinchilla : awesome game,1
tavish cowton : this game is so beautiful and cool looking i recommend downloading,1
ricardo batchler : this game is much more polished on the iphone than it is on my nexus 6,1
adithya chandrasekaran : nice and fluid graphics but lacks cloud save,1
smith ways : it is a good time to play this game,1
fayaz roshan : i download this somedays ago i loved it,1
king utu : for a snowboarding game it has a lot of good stuff going for it,1
jordan-joel dyers : this has to be one of the best i have ever played,1
adil mohd : it has got very lovely gift graphics love it,1
mziwakhe sibanda : one of the best games out there with stunning visuals,1
jinuk jung : what the fxxking great design graphic music simple and exciting,1
venktesh krishnamurthy : good game but they must show how to escape from elder,1
arnold : i love the graphics but you should put more power ups,1
awkward human : it is very cute and fun to play if you have any free time,1
skeleton general of the calcium army : this games simple graphics make it look so much more beautiful,1
behzad bagherzadeh : why i can't restore my game progress with google play games account? i lost my progress completely. theres no way to save progress on this game,1
eyitayo akanbi : one of the best made casual games i have played,1
clouddsss tfm : one of the most addictive games ever and everything is so beautiful.,1
libesh balakrishnan : -1 for constant background which becomes boring after a while..... love the game though....,1
tan phat oan : an addicted game with great graphic <3,1
mumtahin dipto's : when i play this game my heart get calm.isn't it guys...... please reply noodle cake studios,1
munawarsha tariq : well designed game.but,1
xiretza : really shallow,1
shawn yeganeh : this is a must have feature,1
kumar karna : this game has awesome graphics along with cool music,1
aravind s : awsome there controls are smooth good time pass too,1
gajendran ganesan : good game just need to add some more types is llama,1
yasmin mohammad : relaxing and challenging at the same time with beautiful visuals,1
raj kanojiya : so addictive game from the other games i have played,1
redirewolf : i love the graphics they are freaking amazing and the soundtrack,1
raja ravi varma pydimukkala : try to fix the coin collection when trying to finish the stages,0
robert walton : no reason you can not enjoy this done,1
shubham kushwaha : love how there are new objectives to keep the player engaged,1
ian mckend : love the game but please can you add the ability to play your own mp3 music,1
simon lardschneider : i love this game but since the update you can revive alto more than 5 times,1
gabriel zacharias : great game but the pause menu is messed up,1
k priya : not one moment of boredom. amazing moves with amazing scenery and music,1
neil kale : amazing graphics,1
ankit patel : superb. ppl will love having multiplayer mode. please think and develop.,1
aris : liked it until the last update added random loud advertisements.,0
jonah lowe : absolutely beautiful and extremely addictive. beautiful soundtrack as well. great gameplay for such a simple concept.,1
elberth albenda leiva : reminds me the vector game but this one is in the snow and are fair to get goals and rewards,1
paul jaya prakash : good game to kill time,1
lars lansing : its just a really really good game and really fun to play,1
luvpreet kaur : all the missions are perfect in terms of harmony.the concept is new and graphics are sanguine,1
shantell padilla : love the graphics,1
ben goldstone : i just upgraded to a new phone,1
kael navarre : the story/aim made me laugh xd it's a really good game so give it a shot!,1
ravi teja yerramilli : got an all time favorite game on play store finally,1
jacob galindo : very entertaining good way to pass the time and very easy to get the hang of,1
lindo mkhize : a minimalistic but visually stunning game. the music is perfect as well. kudos!,1
spite filled lungs : game crashes mid run often,1
zoro roronoa : bugged tutorial can not finish it,1
tessa furnari : crashes as soon as app is opened,1
scott holt : there is only one control,0
nicole st. jean : copied a little off of the video game journey,1
sanjana rayarala : really addictive!! no more words to explain...,1
be afraid :3 : such a nice game. .very beautiful visuals 5/5,1
alan lee : love the mood,1
cammron moreton : graphics are amazing and the music and atmosphere are gorgeous. would recommend.,1
kateralia : beautiful game,1
e p : very fluid and the music is sweet too!,1
vaibhav kalra : greaat game . great graphics. very relaxing and soothing game . loved it.,1
spad : one of the most beautiful games on android! and it's fun!,1
emanuel ramneantu : beautiful art,1
risq : beautiful atmosphere,1
blagoy nikolov : why on earth would you put an add while playing the game and when i click no thanks the game freezes and i lose all my progress?!,1
mathieu chenard : pretty stunning game,1
shiba inu : i love it!! the unique characters,1
matteo bosco : i'm honestly like really hungry for chips,1
arya adarsha gautam : the artwork. the score. the music. the gameplay. soothing.,1
zero logic : i love this game. but i cant move my save file via google account. what should i do?,1
victor zapo : simple,1
burhan usman : amazing game. gives a sense of peace!,1
harry reafor : me and my girl love your game!,1
m w : doesn't explain how to jump on bunting line.,1
andres castaneda : this game is beautiful,1
dhairya bhardwaj : doesn't get restore if you reinstall it. i format my phone and reinstall ,1
just vibin : the music is so calm and when it's raining it's relaxing,1
surveriosblack mx2 : you guys should make a gigabyte game about this game with nice graphics but same concept,1
bodie edwards : can't stop playing,1
sten-eric suve : must have game. keep up the good work. would love to have purchasable skins or clothes :),1
supaat : please add more level,1
naseem sir : background is cool...game play is cool and i just loved the music of the game and the weather and day night change...how he plays during night...is inspirational. graphics are cool..lol...overall game is something i liked yeah. thanks,1
binhjelyn nguyen : simple,1
maciej koziol : great graphics,1
wyle mustafa : can't believe on my eyes,1
sachin saxena : awesome game,1
prasanna singh : it's a game which relaxes your mood.,1
sumit yadav : lovley game environment design.. loved it great work guys!!,1
jon petersburg : screen keeps going off while playing.,1
daniel roloff : awesome physics game,1
david amarith : for once i want to watch ads because i know it gives the devs money! (: do you guys wanna add a speed bar or something?,0
a google user : thanks for fixing the screen resolution. amazing game.,1
aayushmaan saini : one of the best games i've played yet.,1
diego ossa : i love this game and the art is totally awesome!,1
aditya shanmuga sundaram : awesome game.... if there be some more tricks ..would have been better,1
superman_ : i love this game and i have an idea you could add like a adventure mode and adding a snowing season,1
dhienda mariva : can't get enough untill i get all the characters,1
tintd dubstep : my suggestion would be that which ever side of the screen you tap is tge way that you flip,0
raymond munene : one of the best games i've played. simple yet challenging. great design.,1
vignesh sarathy : one of the best games i've ever tried,1
miles : the music is very relaxing,1
ahmed zubaier : really good game.. enjoying so much,1
anz047 : grafix,1
a google user : i love this game it never crashed for my phone,1
tejas doke : superb game but i cant sign with google play game,1
saket sahu : unlocked tupa very easily,1
rafick valli : this game has the best graphics and so realistic,1
ade anom : somehow reminds me of journey in ps3 and it keeps me hooked,1
kay kanganga : easily lost myself in it,1
wilfredo cain : because it's so addictive,1
makenzie e : i love the idea of it,1
imnota wizzard : amazing game but it would be way more awesome if you could do a front and back flip not just a back flip,1
jonathan dedios : this game is the best thing i have ever seen,1
karlos hempstock : surprisingly all round well developed game...simple ,1
joe ali : the graphic deserve 5iv stars,1
lewis wheatley : an amazing game with great graphics too,1
phil hanson : just an all around great game!,1
kensington chubb : finally a decent game! smooth graphics great game play!,1
akshul goyal : nice graphics. nice sound effects!,1
anton marinski : love the music,1
ken devries : it's simple yet fun. worth a try at least!,1
roaming legs : amazing combination of day and night through the game .,1
jay arruu : calm,1
jeremy kok : simple & fun to play with. kinda inspired by tony hawk's pro skater series.this game deserves a winner!,1
daniel : love this game,1
karthick karthik : amazing game finally found cool graphics keep the good work man,1
a google user : damn this game. i love it!,1
michael lim : calmly exciting.,1
hynic : i will give you 5 stars if u bring up cloud back up,1
aaron aud : someone tell me what a proximity backflip is please.,1
savewater campaing : once i start playing i play for 2-3 hours,1
riaz uddin : gameplay,1
monzurul alam : i really love this game.,1
vibeesh balan : loved the gaming ambience,1
shubham skilletelveti : alto's adventure is a very nice game!,1
faraji haji : it's good if sometimes you are boared..,1
b fiore : it's one of the greatest games of all time.,1
scott thomas : fantastic game and very addictive but i would like to see different upgrades added,1
momo thokchom : it would be more fun,1
i gusti lanang agung susena putra : really like this game.,1
simon : simple concept with incredibly beautiful artwork. especially at sunset and night,1
pushpendu chandra : the best looking and most well thought out game i have ever played! excellent! keep it up!!,1
andy keirl : original,1
lorraine brennan : smooth gameplay and gorgeous graphics,1
robert mccormick : love this game so far great graphics,1
levi : just want to thank the developer's for this gem,1
kanisque meena : probably the best in all.,1
smooth : gameplay- wise,1
j h : amazing. please make in-app purchases for coins.,1
mazhar khan : great game..loved the music and graphics,1
smoke jaguar : great game. fun to play and immersing music and surroundings.,1
anurag deol : simply awesome.especially zen mode is so soooothing.loved the game.,1
ed : love the art style. great game to pass time.,1
sarah leagas : thourghly enjoy this both on my phone an tablet :),1
shannon g : really is a beautiful game. nice job!,1
soumyadeep das : muah :-* to the creators of this amazing yet simple game :-) great game when you have some time to kill between flights ! :-d,1
kira : fun and entertaining game play matched with gorgeous graphics!,1
jithin vasan : nice graphics,1
xendark : this is such an amazing,1
joshua sizemore : love the missions. love the backdrop. picture perfect game.,1
noman ahmad : i've ended this game and it was serious fun great game.thanks,1
abhi chand : cool game with amazing graphics.,1
paparazi 518 : simply amazing,1
chirag menon : no words to describe it...,1
tyre uchiha : best game ever you should games like this very addictive,1
vicky vish : beautiful & awesome game,1
omkar ambre : game not working for android jellybean 4.1.2 in sony xperia m. please fix,0
logged out : omg this game is so addictive,1
shojo : graphics,1
ms linkedin : now this is my favorite ...,1
a google user : pretty nice game. simple and funny. well done!,1
zhasantm : absolutely stunning and beautiful. game of the year.,1
tanzid mohammad : shame on you,1
sunday sunday : such a fun game! beautiful music and graphics,1
sks ricker : graphic wise,1
k : everything's perfect <3,1
saket shrotri : very nice game,1
ahrimanne z : but entertaining. simple platform easy to learn and play,1
x ken x : cool and chilled game. nothing less nothing more.,1
propali abortus : the game is fun ,1
sanjoy biswas : great sound quality,1
a google user : feel really great after playing this #surreal indeed,1
first last : great graphics. simple but very addicting,1
bhushandound@gmail.com dound : great game with beautiful graphics and good game play,1
e.karthik karthik : its hard to play.. the man is too small..,1
alihassan khimji : the game is really entertaining and the graphics are beautiful.,1
toomy nona : love the game cant stop playing,1
michael kearse : i'm really in love with this game it's amazing.,1
brandon kennedy : can we get a update with more levels !,1
nyang nyong : "nice graphic. i enjoying this game thank you.",1
daniel han : great graphics. love the concept. but night scenes are tough on the eyes...,1
kiriakos maragakis : awesome game with amazing scenes and music.,1
simon de villiers : fun and simple. a remarkable accomplishment in design.,1
dimitri simonishvili : one of the best games for today. it's minimal and pleasant.,1
james cruz : smooth graphics all in all good attractive game!,1
artem boiko : great sounds. looks nice. gameplay is simple and relaxing.,1
jays life : you shuod download this game because it is epic.,1
lenard garcia : this game is really amazing. truly amazing. everything is breathtaking. thank you for this amazing game. love it.,1
liis klimov : the prettiest game i have ever seen!,1
drood cool : could you's a update but still fun you should get this app :-),1
rajvardhan kumar : nice graphics,1
rubuhby : more calming than ski safari.,1
cajun boy man : a true example of artistic fun.,1
thayuman deviambal : dive into music and climate change in game,1
ally f : absolutely beautiful,1
james smith : brilliant graphics,1
gen dimacali : this game deserves 5-star ..it is simple yet amazing,1
jayce jordan : chews through my mobile internet plan.. i don't play this everyday but it's used 1gb of data in about 20 days.. doesn't it use cached ads like other apps? so bad..,0
g inniss : it's so adictive yet exiting and peaceful,1
wil callaway : always loved this game- glad it's in the play store.,1
sherry jandu : congratulation! you've complete all the goals.. highly recommended to all android & all age users. too much good job devs.. much appreciate. :-),1
fm irshad : addictive,1
elijah knight : great graphics,1
peteris sadovskis : remove the advert and you will get 5 stars.,1
asif rezwan kabir : one of the best games i've ever played.... and definitely the best music and graphics,1
jeremy ruble : i te really like this game it might be better then ski safari 2..... idk though :),1
benoit dufrene : fun,1
kaitlin skaflestad : the graphics are pretty and so is the music and it's addicting,1
dexter manimtim : so smooth lol,1
sunit chakraborty : simple and truly beautiful game,1
nathan taylor : this is such a great way to spend time!,1
john fullerton : brilliant game keeps me entertained.smooth graphics and gameplay.,1
gian kelvin : very nice graphics. i played it a lot before sleeping,1
dev ambrose : amazing game with great soundtrack and graphics. absolutely loved it.,1
vaibhavi patkar : so nicely made game. really appreciated,1
b.g. : really fun & simple to play. please add cloud save for it. keep up with your awsome job.,1
bailey reedy : the art style of this game is amazing and looks so good.,1
shrikant soni : good game,1
rachel gardner : it has fantastic graphics and interesting objectives.,1
bestari n : one of the most beautiful game i've ever played,1
harold j : lots of fun. ads aren't intrusive.,1
mikkel sejersen : amazing visuals and great gameplay!,1
ub umer : great job man... really loved the graphics ... the colors and gradients are really mesmerizing.,1
jake walker : great graphics. love the ui... if only i knew the font,1
sandijs liepins : i like it. can i disable the rocks? for free play? there are only few games that gives experience like this.,1
sunil boricha : i love it,1
boba minos : i love this game to dame much it's soooo awesome,1
julie renshaw : very relaxing music and great game!,1
timothy mcelwee : addictive,1
jey b : so chill and relaxing. it would be great to get some different calming music at random....?,1
manoj kumar : bgm is awesome,1
randi jones : fun game to pass the time. beautiful and music is very calming.,1
gaurav j - theelectricalguy : great game. awesome graphics. most imp ads free.,1
jayson mccullough : super fun,1
arie : if there is a vr for this game.. must be really cool,1
greg hargrove : outstanding graphics and sound. fun to play.,1
tyrese myers : i play alto's adventure evey day.,1
salar alam : great graphics,1
brian nyangena : nice graphics and easy but challenging gameplay,1
sibasankar behera : but some live are needed,1
matteo senese : the design is awesome and the idea of game is great,1
jay mcneill : beautiful graphics and soothing music,1
rod ic : the game is very smooth and fun,1
hashanh camper : great game to sit on the toilet and play and very relaxing,1
a google user : this game is stunning both graphicly and functionly,1
blue monster : cool fast paced and new age,1
aqoob : great game beautiful and kinda reminds me of journey,1
vishal mewalal : secret life of walter mitty kind of game,1
charles shaffer : love the game looks very cool,1
seshu tumbalam : i just love this game especially sounds,1
eiffle tower : its so relaxing and fun at the same time,1
arjun khobragade : block the new pop up ads distracting,1
jeff narum : best way to do adds in a game!,1
sounak mallik : greeeeat game...one request!! add some more effects of nature....like leaf falling in autumn,1
lisaberdslist burton : love this app. .so much fun. . just wish there were more scenes.. keep up the great work..,1
jack simon : tidy graphics,1
dharmik thakkar : good gameplay,1
jonathan fisher : absolutely shameless.,1
zinou guebaili : i loved it,1
marco jacobs : gorgeous graphics and music and everything.love it!,1
adam ortiz : it's super exciting.,1
jack reed : nice. simple and fun great to play on long journeys,1
simon burnett : lovely,1
city manager territory sales : love it plse update to save the game progress.,1
no name : the game is awesome,1
james griffiths : love the game graphics are great really recommend,1
chad devsaran : probably the best mobile game i've ever played,1
a google user : love it. beautifully designed and works without a hitch.,1
quant : "finally found a game in mobile which is not a copycrap thanks",1
panchanan pal : very nice n pleseant game...new themes and intresting.,1
kukuh bimo : verry brilliant game that i've ever play,1
chaitanya ganji : pause button working but jump is not working any where on screen,0
ketan verma : cool game with great art!,1
seth cornman : this game is addictive,1
arul alisnaik : i love this game. so beautiful and addictive,1
sonali sengupta : well graphics,1
soumil bhargava : i like this game it's good really download it,1
khairy abd el-zaher : i love the graphics and sounds,1
kat quiel : beautiful graphics and amazingly addictive game :d,1
albert angela : great animation,1
anand durairaj : original music is huge plus.,1
malik williams : amazing game!! great graphics. awesome one-touch,1
laura troy : great relaxing and challenging. love the graphics!,1
jess l : very beautiful game and gets addicting.,1
joshua rakadrudru : i used it on an airplane and i actually enjoyed the ride.,1
john soyka : fantastic graphics! a very relaxing endless runner,1
mohamed abo amer : great game . plz add more music,1
william afton : i am holding on the screen and nothing is happening,1
steve daniels : easy game play but massively challenging.,1
a google user : can't put it down.,1
navdeep bagga : the game is superb! in my all-time favourites :-),1
tiprada boonkrong : graphics are very beautifull i love this game,1
jerome : i love the game. just add multiplayer,1
rohit rk [rk creations] : its awesome,1
rahul gupta : most beautiful game ever played,1
konrad mieczkowski : love the art and simple controls.,1
joel davis : stylish. addictive. fun. just lovely,1
dinesh chandra : great graphics and easy to play,1
neena rao : it's very addictive ...just loved this one ..amazing graphics.. peaceful music...bst game,1
arnab mazumder : great in time pass,1
zahra attari : best music and sound,1
malik dilawar hassan : i love this game. graphics 10/10 gameplay 10/10 music is just love ^_^,1
uday kumar doddamane : i love it... thanks noodlestudios for this game.,1
goose : best free game i play it all the time,1
a barron : worth the download and 5 stars. beautiful and relaxing.,1
shahbaz husain : nice graphics,1
prettylightskin _14 : try it . its so cool,1
m gauthier-kwan : well polished app. nice art,1
shirish ranjit : never liked another game this much,1
sumanth pinnaka : beautiful game& beautiful sound track,1
bradley ps343 mccarty : and latest updates were appreciated!,1
bethany charlton : would play again,1
aviraj basu : yes so relaxing. very nice display mountain,1
thoufique 1332 : best game i played. superbly designed,1
daniel yahalom : amazing art,1
erica creasy : need to fix the black screens,0
siddhant keskar : it is a very addictive game but very relaxing,1
soangry ahmed : it is a really cool game with really cool graphics i also like the peaceful music it gives you a very good feeling inside while playing the game it worked on every device i used highly recommend downloading this game because in my opinion this game was made with a lot of love,1
ian brock : makes old school feel fresh again!,1
dan : congrats to the devs for making such a fantastic game,1
uddhav suryawanshi : please guys play this game,1
vysakh p viswanath : great game thank u for making it,1
farhad moghadam : very interesting game and smooth graphics n game play,1
lionel l : lovely game to play on my s7,1
ravindu piyapema : environment and mechanics are great.,1
rajeev shahi : i got addicted to this game.,1
benjamin reardon : overall great game.,1
j03r0ck : fantastic game,1
taylor ramseyer : can't stop playing! it's so great!,1
manav ram s s : it's very good to play,1
fergus gallagher : addictive! reality liked it,1
a google user : great visuals and relaxing soundtrack,1
arjun gopal : love the music and game.. expect more from updates!!,1
voss : beautiful,1
kimori p. : great graphics,1
ezra haizat : great time killer. thank you.,1
tajesh thakur : one of the best games i play,1
kolawole abdulrahmon : most complete game ever,1
retro rocks : best game ever and so adictive,1
connor davies : could u add more characters,1
shyam pulickan : good game but not a big stuff,1
rowan routley : ability to turn off night would be good,1
raam valluri : this version is so better than older,1
umer hussain : great music great gameplay the best,1
jacob finley : it is a fun time killer,1
wael shaikh : love the smooth and calm sounds,1
rekha devi : easy to play,1
shahrun ullah : the game is good and the music is great,1
jonathan blessing : i love this game is perfect,1
_brainless : i love the design,1
a google user : uses too much data,1
owen crossley : brilliant definitely deserves these 5 stars,1
aaron azzcalibur : good game simple but fun,1
konstantin goudakov : very cool and really addictive,1
likhan sarkar : can't stop playing,1
mike robertson : beautifully drawn,1
venkat raaghav : good graphics and addictive. best game,1
stobak : everything a mobile game should be.,1
sheepdog_pti rlc : can't fault it at all.,1
ananya shashwat : stunning and definitely a contender for game of the year.,1
vishal g : nice game... enjoying it... would be better if the stones were more visible at night.,1
koushik dey : awesome visual.also love the background score.,1
a google user : i never enjoyed a mobile game as much!,1
hritik dixit : it is mixture of ski safari and jetpack joyride. rubbish....,1
anuraag samantara : a must play game!,1
jay b. : very addictive and hard to put down. oh,1
sai konda varada : need more fun but good.,1
lil king : i love the art style,1
prakhar p : really fantastic game. loved it.,1
joshua rice : this game is beautiful & relaxing,1
nitish nayak : game to be played with headphones on,1
mohammad aqab : awesome game,1
zoey pickford : it's a real time waster,1
the internet was a mistake : one of the most beautiful games i've ever played.... thanks a lot :'),1
roark rodriguez : recently an ad started popping up for another game by you guys and everytime i hit no thanks the game closes out and i have to start it up again,1
tulasi ram nadipalli : noodlecake studios..!!! you nailed it. this is really one of the best. everyone will love this one and you will be played all the time..!!!,1
amy pit : superb game . great graphics,1
allen saxton : enjoyed this game from the beginning.,1
cyber pie118 : beautifully designed,1
gabbie love : good for boredom treatment.,1
rameez ali : such beautifully imagined super beautiful graphics,1
arun kumar : realy,1
ranjan bhindora : amazing game you should download this game.,1
joel watson : i loved this game,1
d0kss : very nice game with a wonderful relaxing song its wonderful game,1
lazuardy a : good graphics,1
tp honey : there is nothing bad about this game,1
fah mian yong : simple graphics. fun gameplay.,1
awsome kitty overfatter : will you make snowleopard's adventure plz!,1
jason mitchell : great graphics,1
sajid hussain : excellent. beautiful graphics and sublime gameplay.,1
dihan islam dhrubo : this game is cool.love playing it.,1
kenj r. : i'm actually surprised that this app was free! it looks amazing to. i love the background!,1
rebecca stewart : such an addictive game thoroughly recommend it!,1
pranav athreya s : stunning graphics and absolutely amazing soundtrack!,1
orijimi : competent work ruined by garbage design,1
imtisunep longkumer : the best game i have ever played so far .... hoping for more,1
a google user : i'm really amazed by the arts,1
evan powell : 10/10 would bang,1
oxymoron 428 : wonderful game! my new favorite. i love the relaxing music. and the game mechanics are amazing! !,1
tristan m : most aesthetic mobile game there is,1
nez ford : one of the best app games; fun and addicting,1
kratos god of war : a very beautiful,1
natasha armit : just absolutely wonderful.,1
louis cuebas : highly addictive. great time burner,1
bilal : sounds,1
dennis avalos-ponce : the perfect mobile game. 10/10,1
richard haigh : dagnamit,1
prijay khadilkar : i always enjoy playing this game..,1
trum ngai : ads ads ads. oh and the game sucks too.,0
martin fisher : experiencing lagging after first go,1
hrushikesh girish : it's good but that 'alto' guy doesn't jump when he has that "feather float" power up is active..... plz fix it asap,0
christoff gericke : excellent game,1
lokanath das : awesome game with smoothness & really enjoying a lot,1
sanjay upadhyay : its not working plsss fix it,1
mike just : it is a really good game!,1
g.j ramanaa : wooowwwww u people rock the animations,1
the beava : its like that pc game jorney,1
ott games : such a beautiful and smooth game!,1
ledenec : no minimap shown. you can't plan your jumps or backflips. randomize everything...,1
loumauve : the very best. all my love.,1
rajesh sharma : nice adventurous and very interesting game....keeping me engrossed in it..i recommend it to all.,1
mirza gozali : nice graphics and concept,1
denis houle : as good as granny smith!,1
erick schneider : i love this game,1
sandipan roy : awesome game.. characters need upgrades.. like level ups,1
selvin hope : this game should be in the editor's choice awesome game,1
lim kar seng : update some good thinks ~,1
plazma : the game is incredibely beautifull,1
abhishek prasad : awesome graphics and sounds. great concept,1
gideon wilcox : it's so addiciting,1
peter romano : works flawlessly on my asus zenfone 2 (ze551ml). graphics are the best i've seen for android 5. gameplay is very smooth and very fast!!!,1
ilyas safuan : everything well,1
marcus wong : it's a good game but it is hard,1
anurag shukla : it is the best game of the world and i like it.,1
jay ghosh : thanks. good game working perfectly.,1
zitidar gps : really pretty game and quite compelling to play.,1
ehsan .r : my favorite one right now,1
nobita : i have all the characters and i already complete all the missions,1
raging rooster : love the game and good time passer,1
martin 45874587333 : cool graphichs asiwme keep the good work,1
abhijit leihaorambam : very nice graphic and beautiful lightning,1
zac mondy : the game is the best game i ever played,1
wayne brzezowski-garrett : this is a good app for you gise,1
quinten buchan : to many ads !!! but game is good ....when your not forced to watch ads,0
ashveed a : good music,1
kishore padmanabhan : love this game!! really addicted... beautiful music!,1
jasir v : the art and music in this game is jst amzing...it take us to places...soo. soothing ..,1
leo kyuu : except for the settings options,1
chris melville : it's amazing you must download,1
brian verges : one control. repetetive. pricy.,1
hashim mohammad : someone in the reviews meant mesmerising.,1
akhil shah : great game great graphics,1
sai surya : the content that i played and unlocked are not syncing to google! please fix this !!,0
daud mat : the gameplay,1
trill games : i love this game it's soothing and smooth,1
naveen kumar : i really loved it very much!!!its very simple and beautiful game ....,1
reginald mustard bacon : i just love it. heh,1
sayed ibn masud : great graphics,1
sebastien k : different perspective gaming and it's done right,1
celestino uy : love the simplicity of the game,1
alex despesell : the best game for mobile,1
pritam pratim das : best time pass game ever,1
panagioths sarris : a great game for someone to relax,1
eusebiu zen : a joy to play,1
mani ratna gupta yekkala : a simple yet beautiful game,1
san b : background sound is crispy,1
efkxk .kfkfj : this game is so asum,1
ahmed nagy : the best running game ever,1
dileepkumar voodikala : small game with more excitement,1
bennett graff : pretty freaking awesome,1
thejoyride83 : the so best,1
carlos pena : good graphics,1
vlad staicu : very fun and well polished game,1
neal mc : a nice looking and fun game,1
om dave : loved to play additive,1
chandran andy : top graphic nicely done,1
naveed irshad : loved the game world and bgm,1
bendy t : really nice and beautiful game,1
s3per 13 : but not freestyle,1
33kami : really cool game keep it up,1
ethan couldridge : very simple but addictive game,1
simone ciocchetti : amazing music and great graphic,1
rohit patil : must try once,1
fatu castillo : really loves how the gameplay flows,1
naor malka : one of the best games definitely,1
vishnu rajendran : mind relaxing music and great gameplay,1
giorgio muttoni : best game for snowboarding,1
christian right : nice and relaxing music and game,1
juan : best indie of the past few years,1
ibrahim hassan : i love it when it rains in the game,1
mahin niham : that is very good game,1
jai bansal : great visual and so much fun,1
alex boynton : just love it art and texture,1
michael sandler : extremely entertaining,1
jeremy m : pretty great low key game,1
asem kakhi : nice addicting mini game,1
aravindhan chandramohan : nice graphics and good weather transitions,1
meister : beautiful game:) highly recommended!,1
mohammed imad : add more weather's and more cities,1
jacob barnett : email at this email....i have some cool ideas look to throw in...the,1
playful_ gemini : this game is amazing!!,1
feras almannaa : when the level of art is what makes a game great.,1
ross hunter : my favourite game,1
hamish carroll : such a relaxing game with stunning graphics !,1
lindsay dovey : why can't i pay for ad removal??? would be 5 star if i could get rid of ads. brilliant look,1
ankush mittal : every phone should hv dis game ....gud tym pass...specially offline,1
regie rekas : its awesome and mind bottling,1
matthew toomey : progress is not synched between android devices. on ios progress is synched,1
rune sim : please please please add a backup/restore option d:,1
shaun sidebottom : latest update deleted my scores.had to start game again from scratch.,1
brooke aileen : an all-around quality game,1
ritesh kumar : everything seems to be perfect about this game...music of the game..graphics...gameplay..just loving each amd everything,1
ajinkya gupte : relaxes me every time i play... the environment while playing is so cool...,1
hatly paul : background music is so nice...,1
frogman - al : the game is great....plzz make obstacles a little more prominent. ...,1
eran : visuals are amazing but the game is boring,1
mohamed ajmal : nyc adventurous game i have ever played,1
jihed jaouabi : please add: android:keepscreenon="true" | because my screen turns off for a while when i don't tap to jump during the game :),0
jonathan lim : nice background and music ! well done !,1
marwan el qady : this game is pure epic. thank you.,1
starlyza medina : love this game ,1
sayak majumder : after many many days,0
aaron sayson : this game is beautiful!!!,1
chewe mwenda : what's not to love? everything about the game is good,1
melon man : best game this year (2016.),1
anand rajagopal : i love this game!! excellent!! graphics are too good!!,1
sebastian canales : if you're stress...come play this game asap,1
kiru : great game,1
suyog puro : breathtaking graphics,1
sarwar rifat : after uninstalling the game once by chance i again reinstalled it,1
giles williams : can play this through 30min journeys,1
basil saji : really a nice one... the music is calming it gives good feel..,1
luke dube : i love the game but ads are ruining it,1
anand vijay gurung : playing it feels like reliving past memories...simple,1
faizan akhtar : you sir deserve 5 stars. great graphics,1
hanif mrazak : beautiful graphic with great soundtracks!,1
soham saha : just a few more tutorials needed!!,1
uttkarsh dutta : very beautiful game!! and relaxing,1
jenna christiansen : this game is so much fun. love it,1
justin allen : why do people cheat this game? the leaderboards are so hacked it's trash.,1
remo 40 : the background is stunning.. and the music.. oh love it.. simply awesome,1
anup sharma : good graphics,1
akash raju m : fun to play,1
cee jo : one of the best games ever! addictive :),1
junior delgado : be aware,1
nikola mandic : one of he most beautiful games i've ever seen? just amazing graphics and atmosphere,1
akash deep : graphics ,1
prashanthan jeyavarman : i love the whole concept !!,1
scott hansen : great!!! it's fun,1
miguel fernandes : great game! finally on android too!,1
toni keil : google play games spielstand synchronization zw 2 geraten funktioniert nicht,1
t.m : nice background music,1
mostafa mohamed : great work,1
venkat prashant : sensible graphics and a nice gameplay,1
phade 452 : simple but brilliant game,1
igor kostiuk : after level 30 and a couple of upgrades becomes too much of a grind.,1
kayla rhodes : great game download it.,1
corey eats detroit : lots of fun and cool artwork.,1
adnan hussain : the soundtrack & graphix is awesome,1
sadashiv hiremath : simple and engrossing,1
rishab nakarmi : excellent concept,1
jeff larcomb : such a simple interface ... tap or press,0
kumar r : nice one & must try,1
gurbinder singh : good characters,1
tomas k : nice game,1
sai mamidisetti : rain sound is awsome.. i love it,1
amit edvi : amazing graphics,1
a google user : great and addicting gameplay.,1
abhishek gautam : its really a good game. nice concept,1
jeyyel panganiban : graphics are amazing and the gameplay is unique.,1
alexus pastrana : love this game! nice graphics. easy gameplay!,1
arun rai : i love this game......but it will be better to add other stunts also,1
a google user : good game!!!!! but boring ,1
vincent phan : absolutely beautiful game,1
shawn bowman : wish it would sync between devices,1
gwen : sure wish it can have story mode tho,1
david parker : been searching for a game like this finally i found it,1
murtaza bhavnagar : amazing game wid incredible music ...keep calm and play alto's adventure....really lov it.. do install ..play and hav fun,1
sean : really good atmo too,1
zoe garner : i cant put it down!!!,1
jesse tristan : if i buy the main in app purchase,1
akhilesh malladi : highly addictive game.,1
ankur raj talukdar : something new,1
chuah yuan cherng : hard to see at night.,1
ermal stublla : its awesome!!!,1
varun g : an awesome game.,1
vishwarath kumar : best game to play when you're bored !!,1
tadeusz rieckmann : love it,1
proof that i existed : this game is best of all and sound is awesome,1
ajay verma : cool graphics and the characters are nice,1
yusuf afzal khan : what a beautiful game!!! hats off to the developers.,1
vikrant sharma : soothing,1
austin snell : great graphics,1
a google user : lost all my progress.,1
arvin bernardo : nice game! awesome graphics. :),1
fluffy the man : this game is very addictive...,1
ijeoma n : really good nice graphics really addictive there not that many ads and just really good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
kaizer king : love the music and gameplay.cool game.,1
mtr cont : need more improvements...,1
cameron fortune : simplistic yet challenging.,1
felipe gonzalez : it's gorgeous. the art. the mechanics. optional ads. i love it all.,1
s. sharat kumar reddy : super smooth. superb.,1
suresh nair : wat a game !!!! great graphics !!! i love it .thanks,1
mohammad. asiful mowla : everyone should play it ....... worth your time !!!,1
anurag . b : cool game... cool music... enriching graphics,1
alex melillo : beautiful game. addictive gameplay.,1
avery merta : the title says it all,1
m fader : what's with the people that chase and attack you? i don't understand it,1
alicat 29 : hilarious,1
freewheelin mavic pro : great timewaster. enjoy.,1
red maiden : ive played it before on apple but its not working for my samsung phone no idea why ive tried uninstalling it then downloading it again but it stills says no matter what that its stopped working,0
fatima nazim khan : soundtracks are so relaxing... smooth.,1
d_ leo : i love the lightening effect,1
jayasheel vinay j : great graphics.,1
ksweez k : needs more characters! i'll give it a five for more,1
foats oats : crashes,1
jonas bragagnolo : awesome game! addictive and beautiful,1
pinkal vithlani : v nice game and awesome music...,1
gurroshan singh : amazing graphics,1
black & blues : love the design!,1
graham oliver : stunning throughout!,1
chuck green : i love the soundtrack and scenery!,1
ajaykumar m : awesome and clear!,1
chinkumba makasa : it's good,1
armando valle : it's ok,1
jon luke : this is what mobile gaming should be.,1
andy liew : it's just perfectly nice!!,1
julian pieper : art is amazing. music is amazing. gameplay is amazing. what more do you want?,1
callum mellor : it's like a lesson in what colours to use together,1
muhammad irfan mirza : hey what's the use of google play games when one can't save his progress on cloud?,1
harpreet singh kapula : really loving it...,1
ijya chugh : it really is!,1
joseph hart : love everything in this game,1
shiva sri bathala : superb game ever played....,1
josh linward : once you unlock the wing suit on this it's manic,1
patrick andrew tanhuanco : love the game. love the art!,1
demi : graphics,1
manan khurana : awesome! !must go for it..,1
abimelech aroshan : good graphics,1
vamshi d : a vry nic music....and a vry nic game....i luved it.....,1
dilip kumar ravi : awesooommmeee graphics..... beautiful game... love the sounds..,1
kesav vels : awesome game !!! beautiful sunset and sunrise !,1
rachel dee pecio : love all the time of the day. perhaps slower the timezone?,1
a google user : ... atmosphere!,1
amra ibrahim : love the graphics!!! the music & everything!!!! awesome work done!!,1
kamron bates : really fun,1
chau kha : i just changed phones and i have to start all over?!?!?! where are all my purchases?!?! what's the point of the login?!?!,0
grodney : really fun and challenging.why don't you have a go?,1
alvi mahmud : amazing visuals...soundtrack awesome...sooo relaxing..i love it,1
kewal bagwe : game is very easy,1
herodotos christodoulou : very smart game! thank you! :),1
abhishek singh : who ever designed the game...really great work..sound and background scenery.. just awesome... big thumbs up.. one of the best game i have played in a while....!!!,1
sanchuka alugolla : loved the lollipop theme...,1
akhil bhaisin : add more characters please,1
lingaraj sankaravelu : cool.. totally loved playing it.,1
shiv sharma : love the graphics and easy to play...,1
zobayer zim : awesome game play.,1
paul pope : great graphics,1
esean wright : simply the best music i played to on any game to date!!!,1
jenni peterson : i love this game. it's awesome!,1
vikrant sabharwal : charm,1
arianna dashti : i love doing the back flips in the snow,1
raunak urkude : but there's more in the workshop in ios then for android why so biased???,1
krishna jyothis : i am addicted to you,1
anshul jain : gud game and addiction is normal,1
bader alhazzaa : crashes after watching a video,0
abhishek sayal : gud game... but hangs the phone sometimes....,1
eric cotter : better than crack!,1
hemant meena : awesome and addictive game nice job....,1
franklin manuel : good game,1
karthik kumar : fun,1
terrorking gaming : best game and graphics are awesome....,1
artastica paintings : pure addiction!!! love it!,1
akashdeep dey : can't stop myself playing this game.....,1
jaya abraham : i have no words : |,1
eden dass : hey,1
matthew choi : so.much.fun. no explanation needed.,1
greg taylor : this is just ski safari with a new skin.,1
ethan daniels : just what's needed. beautiful.,1
regan maddren : this game is freakin wicked!!,1
gaming oracle : an amazing runner with beautiful graphics,1
mahbubur rasheed sadan : excellent graphics!! amazing,1
krishna kumari : i love this game for fun.....,1
sumswag gaming : the most addictive game i've ever played!!!,1
shelly burdett : when i got this phone i played this game for 10 minutes!,1
josh moats : super great game,1
samarth : everything is just perfect!!!!,1
abhishek rajan : amazing graphics and soothing music!!,1
roce fern : download it now!,1
mikeson osinowo : all in the title 5/5!,1
yarxene : catch llamas they said... it will be fun they said,1
the smudge : can't stop,1
arsa juanggana : nice graphics...,1
ana downing : best game ever really good graphics. really fun,1
shinkili nangula : great game thumbs up!!!,1
kumar ramesh : awsm awsm rely its awsm....well done,1
nick delivanis : amazing ....left me with no words,1
a google user : great game!!!!!! stunning and soothing visuals and soundtrack!,1
bijay mondal : cool graphics ....and nice game,1
justin v. : simple,1
yash raj : best graphics....amazing game..!!,1
ratul deb : ...and best part is that it's actually free!!,1
j ebert : dopeness to the tenth degree,1
keeran poon : great game..graphics too good..,1
blaine lakusta : one question......what is a proximity back flip? great game been playing a lot,1
sreedeep : sooooooo addictive.....,1
zul fadzli : deym....this game make me addicted.....,1
satyajeet bankar : best android game.graphics are top notch.....,1
sandipan bar : relaxing...great graphics,1
j. balti : the graphics are stunning...keep up the good work :),1
karthic raaja sivakumar : great game!,1
ben haase : great game!,1
marcelo pm : great game!,1
im gay since birth : the game is good for me......,1
deepak baskaran : its cool to play..,1
mourya s teja : beautiful and amazing <3,1
johnny huff : one of my favorite games...,1
mohammad gouse mogal : awesome loved to play this game ....,1
laxmi prakash : just one word " incredible ",1
ryan king : its really good!,1
brennen halverson : loving the game!!!,1
lyon sen. : a thrill in' ride,1
karen cervantes : love it some much,1
rae cruz : great game!,1
daniel popovici : really great game!,1
a google user : great free app!,1
abhishek dakliya : great app!,1
john niles : why does the slow down when jumping / flipping?,0
madhavan jawahar : mind relaxing its very good game.....,1
sadia jamal : it's a great game.. loved it,1
dopedia tamil : wonder full i really excited...,1
aravind chinna : exxxxlent game......cool graphics..,1
uthay kumar : levels can be little hard...,1
gad speedo : peaceful background music !,1
lunate sigma : i love this game. it's so addicting. :),1
nicky riat : the design is exquisite !,1
anupam jain : awesome game ........along with decency,1
herithkacak : love this game :'),1
rohit upadhyay : it's is good game,1
brandon pinkney : it's a great game,1
patrick emerick : simple,1
nappyheadedboy : this is the best.,1
deepinder singh : very nice game... good graphics ... addictive game,1
goutam das : played till the last... loved it.,1
abhishek ghosh : simple and refreshing :),1
gabriel n. barta : a relaxing game.,1
ananthakrishnan m s : highly irritating game,1
mohdghm247 : classy,1
boban tepsic : funny and addictive.,1
micah fitzgerald : amazing graphics.,1
tony cabrera : simple,1
adweitiya gupta : its not working man i just stuck at its theme page whqt to do??,1
nagesh jondhale : just love this game.,1
gabriel olos : very love this game.,1
joshua kateba : very nice game.,1
gopi krishnan : coolest,1
adam daniel : this game is amazing.,1
glenn m. johnson : beautiful and strangely relaxing.,1
elizabeth correia : love the game design!,1
maycon silva : this game is amazing!,1
james seelin : very relaxing hehehehe,1
haroon rasheed khan : loved it so refreshing,1
anon ymous : nice and neat,1
ivan gimon : it's a pleasure to play this game...,1
jimmy adisastra : love the scene... music... feature n else,1
colin asher : graphics are amazing!!!,1
max _vantastic : horrible!!!,1
mohamed mostafa hissen : loved the game !!,1
saurabh chopra : a scenic beauty !!! graphics !! music !! love it !!!,1
aleksa kolakovic : best music ,1
a google user : pure perfection.,1
puspak swar : this game is adventurous and climate in game,1
prithu deb : nice and clean..,1
petr hybler : really addictive :),1
a google user : love this game!!,1
mark frankel : great game!!! super relaxing music!!!!,1
paul-arthur astier : of that's his adventures then i feel sorry for him,1
dan mcmanus : really fun... no ads... great game,1
juzer dana : fantastic gameplay...!!!,1
ian morecroft : my new favorite game,1
supratik banerjee : nice graphics..,1
saptarshi mondal : good fun game..........the graphics is really great,1
jidhin george : nice strategy..,1
harish nair : simply beautiful!,1
yohanes tarigan : i love this game :-),1
ravi ghosh : lovely game... just loved it....,1
boss beast : i love this games,1
dishunmesh hazarika : simply download...,1
deepak prakash : awesome play this once :-),1
das cj : it's beautiful. what else can i say?,1
luis olvera : beautiful graphics!,1
aditya karna : great game!!!,1
vaishal patel : nice graphic ...,1
floyd o'hara : outrageously addictive!!!!!!,1
andy ang : beautiful music and gameplay,1
musa memmedov : great game,1
varun khatri : absolutely beautiful!,1
praveen jeganathan : loved the seasonal changes and music,1
thomas newell : loved it!,1
dhananjay daga : addictive and amazing!,1
karl bryan asuncion : very addicted,1
anass laoufi : beautiful and relaxing!,1
ruany preciado : simple and very addicting,1
prakhar tiwari : this is a great game,1
vineel varma : awesome game for passing time,1
kannan d : awesome game and graphic is super,1
keith : amazing art and relaxing,1
pradeep kumar : nice game very intresting,1
fred fredericks : totally absolutely awesome,1
megan paull : it is so fun,1
kishan rajyaguru : the best ever,1
aminur rashid : superb graphics,1
teno 401k : loving it great hobby,1
littlefreakbg : i loved this app,1
nowfal oo : i love this game,1
maksymilian wasilewski : really fun to play,1
sampath ammula : great graphics,1
jacob n : really cool graphics,1
soumyadeep barman : nice game so addicting,1
jorge diaz : greatest game on android,1
mir khan : smooth graphics,1
luca thomas : beautiful graphics and controls,1
shiva krishna : cool game in summer,1
winston machado : best in class adventure game,1
nithin sunny : instant love on animation,1
sri vidya : i loved the graphics,1
chokolat starmi : no problem on active,1
dhruv kothari : awesome app,1
murthy varanasi : such a beautiful game awesome,1
zarah tyndale-murray : nice in a simple artistic way,1
raidin army1 : this game was truly amazing,1
yashwant jairam more : music is awesome loved the game,1
jimmy dicenzo : you already know,1
abdelmonem abdrabo : i love this game,1
jayr 2nac : so addicting,1
kris sd : really fun and beautiful game,1
sierra 1550 : it really fun,1
sri harsha vemuri : good time pass game,1
chinu bhadoriya : love this beautiful game,1
chijioke ofojimba : add locations,1
mok lob : please add more tricks!!!!,1
vladimir kresta : too many ads. removed.,0
omkar sathe : cool!,1
omar nashaat : it's simple game,1
gauravmalik : just sit anywhere and play,1
mohammed faiz shaikh : clean graphics,1
aditya kaushish : love the simplicity.,1
haseeb haqaani : graphics are incredible.,1
aakash dagha : fully timepass,1
shekhar patil : loved the game.,1
terry cheng : #foreverchasellamas,1
rahul singh : the best!!!!,1
m v : great game.,1
vaibhav birla : very nice game,1
thomas jenkins : good overall fix camera,1
satish shikare : very nice game,1
shoyeb sheik : nice graphics :),1
wolv vast : calming arts:),1
miles _on_road : graphics i love this game,1
vtzbbbudi : i died from a rock that wasn't even there,1
goldfishislovely : good graphics and nice theme,1
kalim letang : amazing graphics and game play,1
trupt patel : nice game ever plated,1
richard lim : after version 1.1 update ,1
allan joseph : cool game..,1
naluthfi adha : can i have its phone wallpaper?,1
gede askara : awsome!!!,1
dp muziq : really stunning animations,1
ricky gutierrez : why can't i jump,1
archie gregory : i love it although how do you escape an elder?,1
emily b : it's great,1
cole gamet : it's been a long game and the grafix are just amazing so get the game as long as you have room!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :'),0
kshitij rana : addicted......,1
eliana moorhead : incredible.,1
sagar kumbalkar : hate this game,1
jaskaran singh : pretty boring,1
yash karapurkar : the minimalist ui,1
brian sheridan : brilliantly relaxing game,1
noval stewart : very organic and beautiful,1
piyoosh kumar : great game,1
michalis v : great atmosphere game,1
wee rab : great game thanks,1
seth furniss : snowboarding is cool,1
marvin hazell : love this game,1
steven james : great game,1
lenarx : super fun and addictive,1
siraj patel : mesmerising atmospherics,1
abhayjit thind : very soothing soundtrack,1
kshitij thorat : this game is lovely,1
bhupendra bhanu : very adventurous,1
putona flannel : audio in this game is outstanding,1
sundip chakraborty : best for time pass,1
aji henda : enjoy with this game,1
kam : a relaxing experience,1
ravi kumar chhaba : simply supereb,1
goku darkness : full of charm and beauty,1
gary g : great game,1
humza : really nice and clean,1
david c : and fun,1
imam auliya : beautiful graphics,1
sreekanth reddy : one of the best,1
doctor yoihenba : just beautiful and blissful,1
rohit bhirud : beautiful n challenging,1
eri gjuzi : one of the best games,1
nikolay antonovsky : good design and graphic,1
anoop kulkarni : great graphics and soundtrack,1
taifon : great game,1
anurag dubey : what an experience,1
rohan angane : addictive,1
dilkush jangid : best graphics,1
khant minn htin : i love this game,1
love gods : great to play and adictive,1
kaspar soltero : everything is great,1
a google user : fun and addictive,1
resmi shylaja : fantastic gameplay,1
-- : love every part of it,1
salah : great game,1
abhimanyu padmaraj : addictive,1
i i : such beautiful graphics,1
jari henderson : awsome game,1
james : every time you die you have to watch a 15 second ad before you can play again. forget that.,0
sumit kumar : addictive!!!!!!!!,1
matt olsen : i recently bought a new phone and when i signed in with my google account on the new device,1
steven harper : when i try and open it force closes. i will rate differently if this gets fixed. lg optimus g on jelly bean,1
aditya kumar : after syncing with google play games on second device,1
a google user : boring and repetitive,1
prateek pagare : just remove that hover plsss,1
theoriginal hakman : needs more daylight though,1
steven cook : game of a lifetime!,1
bhawna gosain : great graphics,1
bala vignesh : i love this game,1
alex tutunarov : best game in a while,1
alvin saavedra : great graphics,1
meenakshi saroop : boss,1
vishnu lal : loved it:-) :-) :-),1
ericgt121 lucario : the best,1
aman gupta : crafted for the best,1
albert avellino : amazing graphics,1
rahul duhan : simply awesome,1
serge arseneault : fun and addictive,1
madhura saha : mind blowing,1
a google user : simple and beautiful,1
janniel adlaon : great game,1
marta na america : it great,1
rizal manan : love this game,1
ps teja : nice soundtrack,1
anup kashiwar : great game,1
alan paone : beautiful and addictive,1
yannick glinec : beautiful and entertaining,1
sastra budiharja xu : simply entertaining,1
tanmay revankar : addictive gameplay,1
steven mcdonald : brilliantly made,1
nuique,1
kathleen jessup : addictive and fun,1
narcoslept : great graphics,1
usama bashir : good adventurious,1
andrew blower : great game,1
surabhi jain : amazing graphics,1
jennylyn legaspi : great game,1
gulshan jangid : great graphics,1
robert pitter : everything is great,1
akshay gupta : awesome i love it,1
archie hagan : great game,1
amir bilal : love the music,1
a google user : snowboarding fun,1
bhaskar ajit : great graphics,1
eric heerema : great game,1
prakash sharma : great game,1
sravan kumar : one of the best,1
tom : simple and beautiful,1
vineet chobisa : love the lights,1
salman shaharyar : polished game,1
bini greenfield : great game,1
liudvikas launikonis : very creative,1
elijah morishita : great game,1
catalina r. : gorgeous and atmospheric,1
franklin cruz rodriguez : great game,1
yehoshua bendayan : great game,1
david hyland : smooth and addictive,1
cody mafnas : soothing for sure,1
dimaz mahendra budi : great game,1
juan flores : great game,1
theo lee : beautiful and addictive,1
wil b : highly addictive,1
jay p : soothing and fun,1
kalel maraj : great game,1
tanishq das : very addictive,1
carol ann busch : great game,1
coolantony : awesome graphics,1
aneesh chowdary : good graphics,1
trisha johnston : hate,1
pushpa nandini : good graphics,1
kelly fetter : it's ok,1
uzair asif : boring,1
michal stewart : boring,1
pao : editor's choice :),1
sachin rkamath : smooth,1
tayyab waqar : loved it,1
pallav singh : addictive,1
avinash : cool,1
gaz vassiliou : addictive,1
derpy dipper : relaxing,1
bejjanki abhishek : addictive,1
animesh kala : interesting,1
may : relaxing,1
tanmay thakur : cool,1
charlotte baker : addictive,1
arnab das : smooth,1
subham sahu : pleasing,1
a google user : checked my data usage an it says this app has used over 1gb of my mobile data in the less than a month that it's been installed. wow! & why. what is it using any data for? ads?,1
roushan prakash : to play....,1
mike kinsey : i have a new device and the game made me start over. i have signed in through google and it shows my score but i cannot load my profile. please fix,0
mark t : could you include more tricks than just the backflip like move your finger while holding the screen to string tricks or something,0
justin salinas : everytime the noodle cake add comes on,1
vipin kumar : what a gam.....,1
taryn allen : addicting!,1
bryce thompson : snowboarding,1
eeman alipour : really adictive,1
neelu agarwal : grt graphics,1
mido elgoo : fantasy graphics,1
thomas mankottil : grt to play,1
harsi sandhu : it f9,1
nikhil parkhiya : stay high,1
damian : try it why not,1
nigga goku : food,1
luis oceguera : was at level 45,1
arjan chakma : graphics,1
little boy : last time i already at higher level ,1
amaan siddiqui : worth it,1
a google user : art,1
ahmed hany : owesome,1
kyle gayle : i feel the game is very well presented. it's not in your face gorgeous but instead finds beauty within its simplicity. the gameplay itself is simple and easily addictive. the game doesn't give you a million things to do at once but goes at a steady pace. my only nitpick is as soon as night falls,1
john smitt : at first,1
matt coe : i'm not a massive phone game person but every so often i'll download the odd one or two and have a little play,0
ml : noodlecake has done it again! besides this being an amazing game that you can't put down,1
n junk : a beautiful endless runner and all,1
landon peterson : the art,1
gonzalo casas : i've been waiting for this to be released on android ever since i've seen it on ios! the game is so beautiful,1
a google user : my save got erased after updating the game,1
moe el : it's a nice game but it has a flaw - it's quite difficult to see hazards at night. the rider needs a torch,1
isa akbar : as a achiever type. the missions is quite challenging. always play several swings before sleep,1
amanda diller : love the simple,1
dan kelly : when its bright out and youre playing the night scenes,1
saul borunda : this game is so simple but intricately beautiful at the same time. one of the best mobile games i've ever played,1
stefekmek : an amazing game and the best thing it's a game you don't actually need to pay for coins. if i could i would give it 10 out of five.,1
noelaniis : when i try to,1
cerr gray : it's a great game,1
mister org4ndonr : i hope in future updates,1
jordan brophy : great game,1
vivek kartha : starts out boring but becomes addictive. also sometimes alto doesn't jump due to some bug.,0
lux halcyon : i fell in love with this game and haven't stopped playing. i'm not sure what tupa's extra power is,1
anton : this is the worst that could happen. great game,1
mr wim : great game,1
himanshu londhe : latest update screwed the game. it drops frames and force quits(or reboots) the phone randomly.,0
argon2020 : i love this game,1
david moodley : this game is so awesome. so well polished! not pay-to-win you can decently play the game without any iap. there are optional ads for coins,0
iylia mohd : one of the best all around game made for android. it would be a great add on if new characters bring.also new music. peace out people..,1
chetan patil : in game when night occur i m not able to see ,1
bob kevlar : hands down 5/5 you deserve it. these kind of games are exactly what the app store needs more of. good work,1
sunny soni : this game is simply an experience into the fantasy world where we forget everything and just get lost in the moment :) 100/10 if i could rate...,1
steven v.g : progress,1
alex vanover : simple mechanics but they stack.. you can only control when you jump,0
charan reddy : any developer can create a game .but u really created something else.it's really some kind of magic.very peaceful and calm,1
shoaib shekasan : it says screen resolution issue,1
mulki mul : but the game is laggier now after update 1.1.1. unplayable.,0
f g : black screen after game logo,0
jesse : beautiful graphics and design,1
kuba raczkowski : great exciting game which took a few hours of my life. but lost my score with an update this night which makes me very sad...,1
romeo dominic bas : do i really have to watch videos just to earn more coins? why won't you let me buy them? i can afford. this is nonsense. please remove the feature and let me buy coins with real money and not stupid videos.,0
bianca salgau : relaxing and great graphics. total must install for easily bored people like me!,1
trenton frays : love the game. i need more challenge 's.,1
casuality summ'r : the graphic is really awesome,1
hussain miyasaheb : instructions should be more clear and powers ups are not that exciting,1
brittany r : since the new update that was going to fix the screen resolution. i have went from level 26 back to level 1. please fix this as i spent hours and i really don't want to start over! will fix stars when this is corrected.,0
chris wollenberg : great job! this game is an amazing break away from the typical downhill genre. the graphic style is superb!,1
vinay kumar : excellent game,1
daniel lopes : by far the best looking mobile game i've ever played. also,1
rachna chaudhari : as the game got updated i started it up and this destroyed all my progress i had unlocked the ezille too and now i have to play again i am not going to play this game again untill my progress is back and will tell my frnds not to download this game and i am uninstalling it right kmow .,0
michael picard : simple controls,1
ravindra patil : the graphics the view everything just amazing. keep giving moreeee games like these,1
alex wan : awesome and the developers had responded to feedback which is very nice.,1
christo botha : excellent,1
darth vader : amazing concept..graphics are ok but dosen't matter..here are ur 5 star..ty,1
kunal narang : best game i've played in a long time! it made me rethink about the potential of android gaming.,1
pgp : a journey through the snow!,1
a google user : after temple run,0
saamyo halder : after these recent updates that are supposed to "fix" the game,0
dimitar d.dimitrov : i really enjoy this game.the music the graphics and the mood in it.but it feels like it needs more.,1
caleb hedberg : loved this game! played it many hours,1
peter dekant : this one is fun,1
mastrrbet : goes black screen after the opening title,0
rectum renegade : so simple,1
aditya gulia : brilliant game with such wonderful attention to detail. love it,1
a google user : loved the graphics and slow pace.,0
bob williams : best game i've played,1
luke wilkinson : simple yet beautiful looking game,1
justin steiner : it's one of the best looking games out there.,1
austin ebuka : put buying and share features to compete with other alto's,1
sandeep dalvi : excellent graphics and very innovative. keep it up good work.,1
rodolfo lugo : i love the graphics,1
andrew ong : simple,1
sachin singh rajput : easy mission s no lag and just loving it,1
ton pablo : would give 5 stars but progress is not saved and syncd with other devices,1
david canela : the graphics of this game are pretty good. i love this game.,1
cory theobald : my kids got me hooked on this. very fun!,1
ahmad hazim hasnan : would have been great if it had more skills,1
stephen palmer : not much of a long term appeal,1
arthur jolivet : one of the most beautiful mobile game i ever play!!,1
markee parker : absolutely brilliant! love the graphics and the simple one touch controls just makes this a must have!!!,1
dev ahuja : very good game i like very much this game,1
viraj kunthe : absolutely love this game. keep the updates coming.,1
randomman : you should also add avalanche .. and make other version like in the urban using skateboard ..,1
aneek sanyal : just amazing...from the graphics to the music...everything in this game is so soothing and relaxing...really fun and simple yet difficult to master...one small problem though,1
fiker0818 : loving the game so far.,1
justin gentile : such a simple fun therapeutic and addicting game!,1
ayush patel : it's a game that is a time killer. ioved it,1
g : this game has nice graphics and it's fun :),1
satyam tyagi : love the graphics of this game ,1
manjunath v : good game playing impressive game after long time,1
a google user : good but background music needs to be improved,1
r.d.singh singh : i really loved it...maybe u should add some more features to it...like new skateboard... etc,1
sandeep s : please add some soundtracks...,1
jim molloy : my favorite game..period.,1
the dms : one of the best,1
umang burman : 1 of the best endless games i've ever played...the credit goes to the creators...great job,1
hannancrt : i wish it has facebook connect button..hah.. so,1
bmax : great game. awesome art style and music,1
charles curtiss : challenging but not frustrating.,1
rxscal : one of the best games ever,1
amanpreet singh : very soothing,1
joel varghese john : i love this game it is very different from other games love itt. .......,1
george karageorgis : amazing game! spend hours of fun!,1
dopplepod xd : i have fun of editing its data,1
ameyrul ikman : very cool games,1
ghassen ben ghazi : i suggest it to everyone ...,1
andrew hernandez : an experience for the many.,1
rob johnson : wonderful game,1
ahmad thaqif azman : i hope in new update it can add more stunts...,1
mahad ahmed : is there a way to revisit the characters bio? i missed one when i unlocked him,1
steven dutton : great idea,1
anup pemmaraju : great graphics.....,1
info bala : its wonderful game .. i love it ...,1
a google user : a soothing & relaxing game . coo,1
justin frebourg : it's relaxing :),1
carlos reyes : i love this game i appreciate for creating this game,1
amogh reddy : so pleasant game......,1
a k : it's fun,1
rahul reddy : but a type boring music...........same background. ....cnt update? ??,1
muhd hafiz hamzah : pleasant to play.,1
hitarth gothwal : i'm fan of it,1
dadul wangdi : try this. now.,1
deepak singh : awsum graphics...nice game..welldone,1
ayush patel : improved a lot.,1
fred roxx : everything great!!,1
justino matos : very very addictive,1
matthew ronnebaum : relaxing and addictive,1
rahul bhat : my daughter loves it,1
sachin pal : love the music,1
_ monkeydluffy : loved the theme of it..,1
the beast : need more characters,1
aleef 2 start : super ineed more,1
arpit verma : great game,1
andy holmes : slick and adictive,1
david mcroberts : love the game. have it on ios and jumped at the chance to play it on my nexus 6p. coins are slower to collect on the android version,1
ryan russell : the game is an endless snowboarding adventure. soothingly beautiful yet very fast and sometimes adrenaline filled. my problem with the game is the location of the coins (the in game currency). you have to choose between landing grinds and making big jumps,1
sugar daddy jones : this is probably one of the best mobile games out there. the only thing is,1
luke shaffer : so i just downloaded it to try it out,1
mike glasbey : this is a genuinely pretty game. the visuals are fantastic and the ambience of the game is very clever but it's not actually that much fun to play. ski safari is sooo much more fun. that being said i've only been playing for half hour so i'll stick with it and might change my review if it gets any more exciting.,1
a google user : pretty good game. an hours and 15 minutes play on my marshmallow phone cost me 6% battery if stats are to be believed. that's not too bad. don't like how the settings screen works though. but that's no reflection on the game. would certainly recommend it.,0
mustache merlin : i had a big long list of reasons that this game is amazing,1
zandon : i have been looking for a game as beautiful and fun as this one,1
ragu raja : i like that.but in night mode we cannot see clearly all the struggles..all parameters are very small. basically all users will play above eve to sleeping hours including me... so i want that small improvements except this better.. worth to dl.. waiting for your reply,1
k. b. : i'm kind of mad because whenever i go on this game it doesn't load,1
tyler b : this game is oddly addictive. the art style is absolutely beautiful and the story is hilarious. one suggestion however would be the ability within the settings to replace the game music with music you have saved on your phone,1
r3v soul : each time you guys make an update to fix crashing i hope that it will fix myne,0
a google user : listing the bugs so you're aware. music can sound crackled when playing,0
david degraw : beautiful game. it's so satisfying to jump off slope after slope,1
arukshan : love the one-touch gameplay. would be nice if you could buy more powerups such as higher spawn rate of powerups or a speed powerup. or you could do different types of boards to play with,1
ryan hagerty : awesome simplistic art,1
eduard treminio : ight,1
jordan miner : with simple mechanics,1
javier koo : was very skeptical about this game initially,1
ram gironella : aside from its great choice of art style,1
steve mckinnon : great replayability. game run smooth,1
william : i don't rate and i typically install and delete games shortly after playing them. this game is by far my favorite game on my phone,0
max moody : a beautiful blend of minimal,1
vincent varney : the game is very fun and the microtransactions don't ruin the game balance,1
travis maynard : i was hopeful that this title was an original twist on the ski safari titles. but,1
andrew royal : had not used the watch a video to continue option,1
mellow yellow : great game i think it's fantastic but there are a few issues. the points dont seem to be balanced,1
cameron simms : the game is absolutely beautiful. the gameplay and controls are super smooth and the obstacles and speed system is absolutely perfect. unfortunately this game's success is also it's downfall,1
brad endsley : it's a fun game,1
abram edger : i love the music,1
edmar100 : an amazing fantastic game but screen goes to sleep while playing which when going down deep slopes it makes me have to jump and at times make me go slower and miss coins,0
chris jantzen : could definitely use a few improvements. those cliffs that end way higher than they start could definitely do with fixing because they're impossible to do without a huge speed boost going into them. paz is also really hard to get away from elders with because flips aren't easy to do on fairly flat land and the elder catches up way too quickly.,0
sylvester stephen : i really like this game,1
bailey kozitka : the game is really awesome i like the concept its witty and unique but i've only had it for a day now and now it won't let me jump. when i tap on the screen he does nothing but i can touch the pause button and function just fine in the app otherwise,0
evin jacobs : the graphics of this game are visiually stunning,1
thomas burns : alto's adventure is what mobile games should be. they don't spam you with ads or micro-transactions and it isn't a "pay to win". a simple snowboarding game with beautiful scenery and music. you can unlock different characters that all play differently. it's easy to learn and fun to master. my one complaint is the limited content. besides the characters,1
booboo grisham : the developers of this game did an exceedingly good job. beautiful graphics,1
tanner sundwall : the visuals,1
saksham sharma : nice game,1
raphael angoluan : music and graphics are amazing. the game over screen could use slight work with a button to show challenged rather than appear ever so often. stats are cool,0
ashleigh jones : this game is a piece of art. the snow really flies from under the board,1
mike thomas : another reviewer said it best. simplicity,1
maceo raynolds : first off who came up with the idea of chasing llamas down a mountain on a snowboard and dodging and jumping over obstacles... brilliant! at the moment this is my favourite game to just pick up and play. the visuals are stunning,1
dadanish pastry : this is an amazing game(i really love the art style),1
benedikt viebahn : nice game with gorgeous graphics. just a few things that bother me. the graphics are awesome,1
antonio martinez : game is great. really keeps you entertained. 1 star removed because tutorial doesn't explain all the elements like fire,1
eddie : this game has some good aspects to it. the gameplay is a bit dull after a while,1
clancy cunningham : i'm loving alto but would love the ability to remove the ads,1
brandon : let's be honest,1
william skinner : best take on an endless runner that i've played in a while. the animation is wonderful,1
evan danielson : alto's adventure really is a thrilling adventure worth playing over and over again! it seems pretty simple at first with very uncomplex controls,1
justin : too bad your progress doesnt sync across devices. i use this game on my tablet and my phone but the progress is differemt between the two. minus one star for that. besides this its a great game to play whilst pooping. or waiting for the bus. or both,0
andreas michaelides : at last a free game that isn't "freemium",1
nehemiah boscia : this game has a unique,1
mashrur khondokar : this game is great. but recently when i pause the game,1
mac christensen : i am loving this game! just a couple of small issues. the "end run" button often doesn't work until i tap it a couple of times,0
mike m : very smooth,1
megabomb808 : i play this game and its design is amazing it doesn't matter if it looks really nice there are many ways people can look at this but personally for me i think this game is amazing and has a beautiful design. btw if you're like me play roses while playing its amazing. :),1
kizerroll : really great game! calming atmosphere yet engaging game play and fun. the only thing it needs is a little more variety with tricks and power ups. also i really don't care for the random guy riding a llama that just comes and knocks you off your board when you make decent progress. it breaks the flow of the run and just becomes frustrating as there doesn't seem to be a reason for his existence other than to ruin your run and so far doesn't seem to be a way to avoid him. other than that it's great!,0
a google user : just switched my devices and all i got from google play is my high score and achievements. didn't get any progress. had to start all the way from the beginning. that's too bad. hope you'll come up with a fix or something. previous 5 star review: beautiful! it's similar to ski safari. but a very well made game overall. the visuals are just amazing. music and sound effects are brilliant too. go for it. it's so pleasing and also fun to play,0
keslong : this game is so simple,1
ace byrone halili : normally,1
april gilmore : i'm really enjoying this game. it's a great time passer,1
beau walker : it's just a nice simple game. the only problem i have with it at the moment is that it really heats up my phone,1
aditya devaguptapu : this game has a similar gameplay mechanic when you compare it with ski safari. but that's about it. but the implementation is simply wonderful - the beautiful backgrounds which dynamically change through night and day as you play,0
domas seibokas : the graphic are amazing and its haven't get bored after few weeks but at lvl 35 i have back flip onto a rock bounce quest witch i made 4 times and i still got it,0
lynsey b : noodlecake have pulled another beautiful game out of their hat. the music and visuals are just beautiful,1
kingballoon : alto is an awesome game with simple but beautiful artstyle,1
ian melvin : while there have been many other games that have thrived off of a similar concept to alto's adventure,0
horror 143 : the ads to revive alto start late,1
josh duncan : absolutely stunning,1
sy mon : it's a lovely game but...1) the big jump mechanics are awful. should be a swipe up for them. 9 times out of 10 they're impossible with a normal jump. 2) it makes the phone super hot! never experienced heat that bad before. 3) elders are way too fast. 4) finally,0
d4l-p7t : the audio stutters and laga on the 6p. makes it hard to play because it sounds like it could be good music.,1
aslan wilder : i enjoy this game a lot,1
cristian-valentin cojocaru : the flip rotation should be faster. and also would be nice to see front flips as well. everything else should remain the same. a great game,0
phil coffin : i have been looking for a game like this for a while. simple in concept yet challenging. i like that the down hill course changes every time.,1
anthony flores : when i start it up it shows the title then crashes about 5 seconds later. please fix this,0
daedrian domingo : i can really tell this game has taken a lot of effort and work to make. from the graphics and performance,1
jake taylor : graphics are awesome. game play is pretty fun,1
gaurav shukla : one of d finest game. need to add more tricks....back flip is interesting but at d other end boring also as single trick present in game,1
michael lawrence : fun to play and easy to pick up. would like to purchase the game to get rid of the ads (like on iphone). the volume of the ads is 1.5x louder than the game itself. makes for a rude awakening and 1 star less in my review.,1
ray m : the night mode of this game,1
tyler andrews : i have not played the game yet but the preview video was absolutely phenomenal. just for that single reason,1
ian elizardi : except for the menu clicks. they're horribly annoying. i wish there was a volume knob for these clicks.,0
shirin bubbles : can't get through the tutorial- is not responding. looks like a cool game so i hope it's fixed,1
john trout : very simplistic but it is still a very beautiful game. it's not hard but it's not easy either which i think gives it that perfect balance.,1
zackchibi tail : omg i love this game so much it really help me give out my anger when i'm stressed; ),1
lucas beach : i absaloutely love everything about this game! however only one slight thing i would change would be the coin placement so that when you go on the rails you can collect them there as well as on the ground. one other thing that is not needed as much but would be a good idea is to have powerups that you can buy and use,0
shawn : this game is really fun and i love the design,1
nathan hoffner : i think that u should be able to do front flips and back filps. when you change it i'll rate it 5 stars.,1
keyron cozier : the only thing this game needs is a variety of enemies,1
goddard a-mortty : it's not even the game i fell in love with. i love the ui,1
skud missal : room for improvement! fun game,1
gaetan lecherbourg : because it didn't work on my asus zenfone 2. but now after a few days the developper released an update especially for this phone,0
jose rodriguez : great game! but i would love to play it with my bluetooth headphones,1
yassine khalifa : physics in-game make no sens. big jumps slow you down for some reason. landings are not realistic. gets boring,0
jakub zurawski : one touch play,1
ayoub chicha : it's really cooooooooool game but i suggest you do some more moves because i'm getting bored from that "backflip",1
luke johnson : i like it,1
prajwal pandeshwar : total copy of ski safari,1
purple gary : lenovo yoga tablet 2 pro,1
putra dev : good game,1
chirayu giri : fantastic ,1
aidan boldeman : i loved this game and got very far level wise. unfortunately since the latest update i lost all of my saved data. i don't mind starting again it's just a bit annoying.,0
bert t : i never rate games however this has blown my mind. this is what a game should be. the music is perfect,1
7shivam1 _ : beautiful ui and game design. lots of tricks to learn and endless gameplay. alto's adventure is an amazing time killer.,1
saurabh sashi kumar : hangs sometimes. jump function also doesn't work at all. expected more from this wonderful game. disappointed.,0
izayah duncan : did u know i was the first person to have this game as soon as i saw it on the home screen i down loaded it but try it. its fun,1
terence p : this game is absolutely stunning. originally i thought it would be more like the lower quality games,1
pierce s : everyone should download it. great developer was quick to update for intel users. game is fantastic just as it was on ios. love this game. download it now and you won't be sorry.,0
luckshay : good game ,1
john lu : seems okay after update for zenfone... previous comments -hangs at title screen on asus zenfone 6... altos adventure,0
daniel rowell : great game fun to play. could add cool power ups and would rate 5 stars but won't update for galaxy s5 active,1
mr. baker : would be 5 stars if it wasn't such a battery killer. the objectives make this a lot better than an average endless runner.,1
rainbow trout : a masterpiece of human ingenuity. i can not wait to see what the future of this game will uphold.,1
abhishek patel : once you falldown in the night mode it is going slow on further try...i have the updated version,1
henry tf : all fixed! devs fixed the bug within two updates. it's a beautiful game that's deceptively simple. the game worked great before the previous update. now it shows the logo,1
prayudi a. : and this game proves that fancy graphics doesn't always mean business.,1
gourav bhattacharaya : the aesthetic graphics are truly awesome,1
a google user : the game played before the most recent update. after the last update the audio is really messed up and laggy.,0
t c : i can't even play it and as it is now,1
manish amgain : i reconfigured the pause button from left to right because it hurts my right thumb... you might have guessed how additive this game is... the only advice ia please make the obstacles more visible at night.,1
luke young : this small game is clearly a winner... the graphics are stunning,1
richard johnston : a re-imagined yet side scroller feel of the windows 95 game ski free with todays visuals. very fun to play.,1
peter shipley : not bad until update. wiped all my coins out. deleted game,1
patrick drummond : adding a few tricks and songs would be a nice update of the same thing over and over and over. it looks amazing though,1
tez padhee : loved the relaxing music,1
a google user : for the short period i did play the game it was fun and beautiful. unfortunately something has caused the game to constantly screen rotate,0
nathaniel graham : extremely fun game,1
stephen yee : but there's a problem that i cant jump sometimes. but problem doesn't surface too often but annoying.,0
sean o'driscoll : i cant get more than 150m without the controls stop working. either i can't tap anymore,0
y : fun to play and good to occupy myself while travelling to work. the only downside is i feel that it uses more data,1
logan hunt : as someone who has never heard of snowboarding,1
stephanie ijoma : the chasms are like a thousand feet wide and for awhile there i couldn't jump but besides that it's fun.,1
alex scaffo : thus game is gorgeous,1
zach murtagh : i really like it but its hard to get rid of elders,1
jonathan clelland : the latest update wiped all my progress. shame,1
ihategoogle : i thought this would be fun like ski free but apart from the nice graphics it isn't much fun. not a whole lot to do except jump over obstacles. there is no override for the phone screen going black after a few seconds od not touching thw screen.,0
daniel lund : latest update on 2/16/16 cleared out all my progress. pretty bummed out,1
jorge salceda : beautiful graphics and beautiful ost. also doesn't attack you with annoying ads. but you can watch some to continue playing.,0
jacob smith : i love the simplicity,1
frank smith : but it has been freezing to a black screen more and more often why i click to watch an ad to continue. samsung galaxy avant.,0
ibrahim chelanga : every time my day goes well or bad this game never fails to disappoint in making you happy... pls make more,1
joshua townsend : the game is fun,1
graham jantz : fun game for 10 minutes but super receptive. flips need to be done faster and night time should be able to be turned on and off. rocks are far too hard to see in the dark and coins are too hard to come by.,1
garrett saucedo : the music and setting are really relaxing. it also looks great. the game is fun especially if you like endless runners.,1
ali khan : character visibility can be pretty bad behind some tall trees and at night. it's sometimes hard to see player position in a flip which can be frustrating. please fix this.,0
avery james : wouldn't work for lg optimus,1
surf widow : the problem with this. is watch a video! what?! stick a pop-up as at the load up and leave it at that,0
madi khayyat : briliant game in every aspect,1
graham schwartz : i really like the game,1
sean hunter : this really isn't explained in the game but it ruins my run after so long.... kinda annoying,0
rly rly rly : to me,1
nathan wiafe : i usually get bored of games like this after a few days but i'm still playing this one which speaks volumes. nice job. 4/5 only because the iap are a lil pricey,0
adam malbon : i don't see nothing wrong with a little bunting grind.,1
chris north : great game,1
tommy snyder : after the update today,1
david rodriguez : great game,1
koushik karmakar : i've re-installed this game because of its sootheness,1
bryan loo : unlike most endless games,1
bogdan lazar : i'm starting to think that the reviews are fake. the game is nice in style and music,1
chris strangemore : this is a beautifully designed game with some nice differences from other endless runner games. the level goals are challenging without being impossible and i really like the addition of doing the snowboarding tricks.,1
julie hovance : dear noodlecake studios,1
jesse james : crashes soon as i press the app i'm running lg optimus f6 why can't i play this game please help,1
christopher williams : i just reached level 41. now no can play as the lama witch has a cool ability that gives him a double jump witch gives me a good trick combo score .,1
robert zablocki : it's ski safari with far less content. it honestly feels exactly the same,1
paul kaller : stunning light effects and picturesque layout. easy to use and only one finger needed to control snowboarder. it's a beautiful game.,1
ashley june : great graphics amazing gameplay endless runner goals to complete amazing music multiple skins to unlock best graphics i've seen on a phone and best unless runner game i've seen as well,1
chintu shankar : i have been waiting for this game on android ever since i played it on apple.. loved the game.. i hope they bring upgrades on the snowboard though ..,1
ivan samuelson : addicting,1
selim hjorthall : the game gets kinda boring when you've bought all upgrades... a+ for graphics though!,0
robert taci : this is the stuff that everybody should have on their smart phones,1
a google user : it is literally the perfect game. it was the only one i had on my phone for a very long time but i mamaged to complete it eventually with much satisfaction. the best game that i have played so far,0
mr darwen : a game that's free,1
minnie w : i think this is an awesome game,1
shawn mcfadden : on my lg phone when in the pause menu the screen is bigger than my phone so parts of the menus are cut off.,0
jocelyn hastings : i was enjoying this a lot,1
james turner : there no pretenses or gimmicks it's even a bit relaxing. i'm not even mad when i bail on a flip...it's just one beautifully made game,1
stephen : i typically hate games on my phone and this is the only game i've kept installed for more than an hour so...yeah it's quite good. great artistic expression and kind relaxing. good work!,1
gaurav shukla : after the latest update the screen resolution in pause menu is disorientated. also sometime it doesn't jump until i force close the game,0
jordan williams : game gets stuck when the character hits a rock and flies off the board into a chasm. have to reset app to play again.,1
sarah beebe : i can't even do a backflips and it's not letting me advance. i tap and hold but it refuses to work.,1
max sosnovsky : very good game. but have some bug: all mountains are flickering with rainbow colors. device samsung note 4,1
collin miller : if you want great graphics,1
agasthya rana : it was a smooth sailing until my nexus 5 screen started becoming unresponsive while i am playing this game. reboots and fresh installations haven't helped.,1
sophie t.b : loved this game,1
gokul krishna : it may seem like old wine in new bottle for some. but his bottle is stunning and the wine is even better. have some great visuals paired with mesmerising soundtrack.,1
denver agpianka : this game is smoothly developed and easy to play but somehow i can't see rocks on night scene.,1
albert colon : i love the game,1
daniel adams : this game is a unique fun style and i love the concept if it however the developers need to add more tricks for example: front flip etc then u would rate the game 5*,1
nicolas deault : my only issue with this game is that it drains the battery faster than it can be charged. otherwise,1
matt r. : so happy this is now on android. not a huge fan of the ads but they aren't intrusive.,0
pracheta das : you can include more tricks,1
ian williams : love his game,1
enzi : theres a bug when night falls there are some lighting glitches (looks like a window lighting ) but overall great game,1
joelvz : this game is amazing. i really like the graphic and the music. i can't stop playing this game. this game is one of my favorite 10/10.,1
imtiaz ahmed : maya is great for flipping but when it vomes to handling elders she's not the character you want,0
ayush samarth : something is wrong with google play. i signed in after switching device but my achievements aren't loading.,0
eminem : add disaster challenges the disaster will make meteor at get down from the mountain (faster),1
zach mccullough : it's simple,1
matt wilkinson : you know what's fun to do in a game about going fast and flying off of jumps? tricks. you know what's not fun? a character that does one single trick and rotates at the approximate speed of a second hand on a clock. so attempt and fail some backflips or ride straight down the mountain. two choices. well,1
john reagan : the music is wonderful,1
mervyn moon : could do with an exit button as hard to exit the game with phones that don't have physical back buttons. ie htc one m8,1
adersha khatiwada : i love this game i would even love it more if you guys add like more characters in the workshop for you to turn into and more power ups like a llama comes out of nowhere and you start riding it. thank u for making this game i love it so much this game is beautiful the graphics the sound it's perfect.,1
kayla dolese : i love it but,1
zeeshan yousafzai : beautiful and atmospheric! thought,1
abhash kumar singh : sleek minimal graphics,1
vivek pardeshi : beautifully made with soothing audio & graphics keep the awesome work... have a nice day devs,1
gordon richter : lots of fun,1
paata tsotskolauri : when i open without internet connection there is screen resolution problem i can't see home and restart buttons on pouse screen,0
megadelorix p : it's a very astethic game it looks good and the soundtracks are nice but this is very similar to other games . jump over an obstacle . collect coins do some tricks it's not very engaging but i mean it's okay not the best game in the world i just play this game probably when i see it lying in my app drawer.,1
martin scott : for once,1
dinesh ravula : after a 10 to 15 seconds of inactivity while playing game,1
vansh arora : brilliant game,1
lahcene allem : beautiful concept,1
danny chuon : this game is absolutely gorgeous! the whole environment in the game and how it the time of day changes as you play is a very interesting concept that you don't see in other games. also this game is very addicting and very enjoyable to play.,1
abel gamboa : man when i downloaded this app it froze and didn't wanna play,1
richard lewis : i really like the game but my progress shows in google play but not in the app so i have to start again.,1
ross2k : its so incredible the gameplay outshines the bugs,1
man nguyen : visually stunning. would have been a relaxing game if i didn't have to worry about hitting stuff. i just wanted to enjoy the scenery and music. except one hit ends the game. not worth it to keep installed.,0
sadie lindahl : i really like it but it will not start after the update. please fix i rlly want to play,0
bedanta kumar : i dreamt once. alike this. same kind of music. same background. i woke up and was in fact i am happy to remember this dream. i feel like my own heavenly times at those hill stations again. i play the dream now whenever i feel to. thanks a lot noodlecake.,1
irene jung : it is such a gorgeous game. awesome graphics,1
rishik bansal : it's the best game i have played. when i'm bore this game fill up my time.,1
christopher shakespeare : lovely musical score. excellent smooth graphics. i would love to see the addition of how far we fall on our face,1
saman firdaus chishti : soothes u after ur daily work routine..truly soul satisfying. excited fr nxt level and surprises..,1
soo clark : smooth controls,1
apichat longchamnong : yeah finally,1
zach zampetti : it's hard to see when the sun goes down.,1
av j : this game deserves a 6 star rating i want more games like this. keep up the good work!,1
glen jordan : 5/5 would fall down mountain again.,1
fintan m : but i cannot find a way to jump the gorge on the first level..,1
rajan : one of the most aesthetically pleasing mobile games i have ever played,1
yinyang cartoon : in the forum. you can change character but i cant nor snowboard and nothing els. theres no icon on top of alto.s head,1
annesha ghosh : it's very addictive and very challenging. the tune and graphics will make you play again even after you lose a level around 10 times,0
peru balboa : best one in the market.. non-intrusive ads.. no in app purchases necessary.. could give 10 stars if there was an option.... to the dev: the music is so good and please add done more of these awesome tunes,1
brian kenney : game is fun but watching videos to get revived doesn't work. the video ends and then the game resets making watching the video a waste of time,1
pretentious hipster : this is what i want in a mobile game. everything comes together beautifully. the graphics,1
devon detwiler : great graphics,1
chris shea gek siang : the graphics are good,1
timothy ropke : tap to jump registers only half the time (all other tactile controls work) and watch a video will half the time freeze the app blank with no way to get back to the game.,0
eric gibbs : great game,1
abhijit biswas : has some bugs but it is a true freemium game,1
areeb khan : this is a great game. i really like playing it also the music is really good but in another update can you please add in more music. otherwise great game.,1
amanda burroughs : love it. game play continues to challenge 10 hours in,1
leif olson : my new favorite phone game,1
dust hoffman : as stated great game but if you could add some more powers and events to make it more interesting. for instance,1
a google user : i love the art style. it's easy to play and enjoy. for some reason it's heavy on my battery.,1
jared vandermeulen : this game is beautiful,1
benjamin moore : the art style in this game is simply beautiful. combine the graphics with an awesome sound track,1
swagiee harsh patil : the man on board is too small.. make him bit big so v can njoy game..n also show buttons to jump skeat etc,1
rachit kothari : the game is awe inspiring. the backgrounds although can be little bland,1
aaron boy : after your recent update to fix the black screen for asus 2,0
jithin sankar : a perfect mix of art and music,1
wyatt duncan : the game is fun and addicting but there should be more things like a yeti or a changing background.,1
yoann moinet : when i pause the game the screen is all scaled up and doesn't fit the view port at all anymore. i can barely see the button to resume the game. aside from this bug,0
anil yadav : it's one of the most beautiful games i have played this year but i would love it even more if there are more tricks added !,1
andrew kiernan : best graphics and controls out of every game like this. except that there is no game like this. it is awesome in its own way.,1
daniel foster : offer a paid rock-free version,1
donna dance : i have been playing for days now,0
muhammad gibran : the greatest game. love the consept and beautiful art graphic,1
ziyadun niam : for everyone who got a bad feeling,1
malan du plessis : fun little game with a beautiful art style. crash landed many times due to being awe struck by the background panorama.,1
raian aru : i first thought it will be boring but it hooked me and i keep playing whenever i'm not doing anything because it's jsut really fun.,1
jayson hengstberger : exits to home screen...please respond with how to get it to run. i am using a zte rapido,1
a google user : i'm not much of a gamer,1
wasif salim : kharap na i guess. the music is bhalo,1
sam pickering : fixed crashing at start. a prettier version of surf safari,1
ilyas zulfaqar : i tried to run away from him but hes to fast. i try to respect but in the end i died,1
robert patrick hernandez : good gameplay. good sound. good grafix. great adventure. plus,1
reece brown : i love this game. currently working as a lifty on a ski resort and this passes the time by perfectly. it's simple,1
juha kauppinen : repeats itself. the hill stays more or less same during whole game.,1
raphael daya : i loved all of it. it would be more awesome if the game was more story-like. not the fancy "temple run style". it is called 'adventure' for a reason devs. put some more story into that game! :),1
jeremy buchsbaum : it's a fantastic endless runner. beautiful minimalist visuals; sick music; creative,1
divyanshu mahajan : after this update,1
nicholas panella : i had to reset my phone and in return had to reinstall this game,1
adam krivoshein : quite the polished game. the visual style is gorgeous and the gameplay is fun yet calming and lacks the frustration of other similar games.,1
crushinator 2134 : great game,1
nathan bales : this game is incredible in terms of its graphics and smooth gameplay! makes me feel at peace... until an elder spots me that is.,1
zack pedrick : the rocks are really annoying. so much so that i probably won't find myself playing this game very often.,1
jose pedro madrigal : awesome design for a very good game. it has all you can ask for a game to use in your spare time.,1
john clark : its a good looking game but in the first ten minutes of play i must of been subjected to six minutes of adverts just to progress onwards. no longer on my phone.,0
crystal sheffler : very cute game but too fast and difficult for this ol' gal. google nexus 6,1
josh capone : great game none the less beautifuly simple,1
eleni strong : really enjoying this game but i'm having a resolution problem. it's only on the menu page,1
a google user : how generous of this developer to provide a free game with no ads or pay-to-win gimmicks. i also like the side-scrolling twist on the endless runner concept.,0
pawan kumar : very small size of character and scene to seen something like rock etc.. its better if scene seen little big size.,1
ynj simha : add boost button to jump over chasms of large distances,1
sean pistolkors : runs great on my galaxy s6. fun gameplay that isn't repetitive or annoyingly difficult. it's a relaxing game to pass a bit of time here and there.,1
samit vaidya : games is aesthetically beautiful but nothing much new after a while.. same and repetitive gameplay,1
marco piovesana : it's a bit repetitive but still enjoyable,1
david holcomb : i love how simple it is! i hope there are more updates coming soon. i'd like to see what they can add to this amazing game!,1
matt unruh : it's beauty and seamless game play reminds me a lot of monument valley.,1
vivek ramachandran : peaceful and fun. the kind of games i've been looking for. graphics are a slightly bit laggy at times.,1
abhirup dey : i love the minimalistic theme of this game. running smoothly. addictive. and you just need to watch ads . no in app purchase... cool,1
gokulraj muniappan : night is too dark to find obstacles... add more abstacles.. character is too tiny..,1
krenar piraj : ex. fast drop while in the air,1
jonathan perry : quality and sound are on point,1
rachel sowards : i can't ever get past jumping over the chasm it always is slowing me down,1
john breyault : love this game. simple to learn,1
vino : great view,1
burak topal : on the s6 with marshmallow it does not prevent the screen time out from turning off the screen when the screen is untouched during gameplay.,0
sahil khamosh : there are so many bugs that i couldn't even pass the tutorial,1
nate kauffman : this game is a hipster ski safari rip off,1
big mon : this game is so fun and addicting the work the app makers put into this is fenimimal. the cenery is crazy this game is beautiful and fun! i suggest everyone tries this.,1
david maes : great game to pass time but found myself getting hooked lol,1
reid robinson : great game mechanics and really well implemented! and it has a gorgeous simplistic art style.,1
rishabh gour : awsm game i like it even my friens also like it so much. .,1
carni : i cannot play it. as soon as i go on the app it immediately crashes. please fix. (using lenovo yoga tablet),0
jacques german : simple,1
clive gwee you young : an endless runner game that actually relaxes you with it's simple visuals,1
james freeman : good game,1
dan cooley : this game would be great if it worked. i can start the run by tapping the screen but then jump doesn't work so i can't do anything. sometimes it works but more often it doesn't.,0
jeff abbott : works perfectly on the lenovo yoga tab 3 pro after the 2/16 update. thank you for your prompt attention! amazing game. it worked fine on my s6 edge,1
chris hopp : great,1
jae chung : it is well designed but i do not quite find any fun of this game.,1
manjunath s m : i use mi 3 phone when ever i pause the game the pause sceen does not fit to my phone sceen result of which i cant see resume and other option properly ... apart this game is very smooth and background music is so soothing to ears,0
skkyler wales : definetly one of the best games ive played. great graphics,1
jason orr : i love the game,1
erik beyer : this is the most beautiful game on any touch screen device and it even has a day night cycle and a whole weather cycle to add to the beauty. overall it's an amazing game for how simple it is.,1
benjamin garman : update with some more people,1
nathan grebowiec : the lack of cloud save is crazy. why wouldn't you implement this basic google play games service?,1
tony c : lovely rich graphics,1
cthulhu : i love it,1
leslie david : this is an outstanding game being that it's only an arcade like game. the ambiance is great,1
sn jadeja : very cool and unique game ! although there is little space for improvement,1
sl1 : there's a significant frame rate drop in gameplay on oneplus one. please make it smooth.,1
random games : i have a few things that would be awesome if you could put them in the game for the next update different snowboards that have special perks,1
nia devetzis : i really love this game but i'm having a glitch as all the other touch screen controls work but when i play the actual game i can't jump. i'm really not sure what's happening.,0
milan : very relaxing,1
salad ass : so god damn beautiful. damnit nature. probalbly would need some more perks,1
alar a : are advertising absolute garbage apps. should be advertising something good instead,0
bryan chai ming shi : i love the way it looks. especially on my phone. however,1
gaston how : there will be instances when the character is unable to jump while tapping the screen.,0
abhiram mangalore : this is one of the most beautifully realised games i've ever played. it's almost poetry. the music is good and the design never gets old. thanks for a great game,1
manish : it's a nice game to kill free time. i haven't given it 5 because its sometimes too stupid. the rocks are very small and ruin the whole run by a mere stupid mistake. at least make them glow or something at night.?,0
alex silva : the graphics and music are gorgeous and the gameplay is simple but fun. a beautiful twist to the endless runner concept,1
a google user : i don't normally game in my phone,1
sberry 209 : thanks i've had a really bad week and this game is fun and aesthetically quaint and very visually comforting. thanks for making it. and everyone should get it.,1
ocean byrne : i love this game. first and foremost it is very pretty. i love the changing of the light,1
jayalakshmi shanmuga sundaram : the visuals and music are really a treat ... the gameplay mechanics are easy to use .... just add some character customization and the game should be perfect,1
jeff beaty : last updated put me back to level 1.,1
frank fella : this is a blatant rip off if ski safari,1
nat : its a fun game and i always want to play it. one suggestion is to be able to get some sort of reward after completing a goal or leveling up. i would feel much more accomplished and want to pass those goals more,1
minds_are_made_of_clouds : i click on it and it just crashes and says 'has stopped working' this is on an xperia sp please fix,0
aleksandar salma : pros: amazing graphics,1
nina markovic : a beautiful game with amazing scenery. leveling and day and night cycle. it's truly amazing. my new favorite phone game.,1
matt_cake : after the new update the app wouldn't open i even uninstalled then reinstalled and it still didn't work. fix this or one star,0
trevor hsieh : my stuff got wiped and now i'm salty af,1
wes smithe : has the fictional mystique of monument valley and the aww yiss moments of amped.,1
johnny wei : simple and relaxing,1
manuel lopez : like others have stated,1
lau sai bin : although i already passed the mission of avoiding an elderly,1
michael tryon : love these style of side and silhouette games coupled with very good graphics.,1
denton nissley : surprisingly difficult for how simple it is. endless fun....can't wait to be the llama. amazing and surprisingly good.beautiful artwork as well.,1
dandy ojeda : can't see at night time of the game. i easily stumble on rocks,1
lestat : nice layout but it feels like its unfinished. could do with more tricks,1
joshua amos : it is a good game but when i went to open it after today's update it closed the app i even uninstalled it and installed it again and it still did not work please fix this,0
johnmar calucin : its amazing game and its free at playstore! not like the appstore you have to purchase it in order to play the full. bit here its free!,1
alberto guadalupe : love this game! just need to make the jumps easier to do. kinda hard to make a chasm jump when you barely got any speed,0
mr. elevator : great gameplay,1
will james : only saw this today. safe to say i'm so happy i downloaded it,1
norve : everything in this game i totally love it i play this for a past time i just cant get enough of it haha thanks for makin this free hope for more improvements!,1
hitesh tyagi : only one problem. revive via video is not working.,0
nathan williams : such a beautiful game. by far one of my favorites so far and i hope the developers keep making it better.,1
steve jones : this is truly awesome.the game engine is spot on,1
musa shams : every time i play it won't save the coins i get or the achievements.,1
queenie : this is a pretty awesome game. my only issue is when i charge up the flying suit my scarf shows that it's charged and all but i don't get a button for using it.,0
mukul biswas : apart from adventure,1
padmanava mandal : all my progress just got lost after updating the app.,1
aditya naik : very soothing graphics. it is a very good game. better then any other endless running games. loved it....,1
zariarn : this is one of the best games on google play. addicting. great sounds and atmosphere. i recommend getting rid of lamas and making deer instead. i also recommend creating courses that have a finish line.,1
prasad n : game is nice but can't c properly on night mode.,1
subhajit : it's awesome,1
james franks : the game is a great downhill runner with fun tricks. beautiful art and music compliment each other well in this fashionably developed game.,1
david taylor : after fixing the game for zenfone you seem to have messed it up for the rest of us,0
mason christmas : this game gave me an insane erection..along with the orgasm,1
john manzo : beautiful with delightfully simple controls. no "lives" nonsense. no ads unless you choose to watch them.,0
nitesh dixit : i don't know why but its not working at all with me ....i'm used to play games on my pc on bluestack i play mostly every game and they work well but this one dissapointed me otherwise on my mobile its just awesome ....,0
cillu magellan : happy that u keep it ad-free! the amount of coins on the track can be increased and the items in the shop can be increased too! anyway it's gr8!,1
kaivalya : the game is elegant and has stylish design an absolute pleasure to play this game hoping for more awesome games ahead.,1
garrett catlin : i love this game,1
abhisheikh lye : graphics is great,1
alpha khristine fortun : best game ever. the visuals and music are just perfect. however,1
akshay gupta : the game is best in its genre. the game at its best and the thing that i love the most is the wingsuit!!!,1
michael lo : love this game. good graphics and easy to play. its so addicting and a great time killer too,1
johny lica : app unfortunately has stopped. samsung galaxy s4,1
bernie brusk : the audio is extremely garbled on my nexus 6.,1
mike bowen : i've played this game a lot. there is something quite relaxing snowboarding down a slope catching escaped animals,1
allison : the games so simple and at the same time it never gets old. i can focus on distance or coins and if thats not enough i can always get trick points!,1
ridzky ganda : it's a relaxing game with beautiful music and graphics. the graphics are simple but elegant.,1
yusuf dawasaz : awesome gameplay and graphics. i am very much impressed with the simple ui of the game. thanks to the developer for this game. this is one of the best skating game on android. scoreboard feature is just amazing with detailed how much u scored. looking for updates in future. thank you once again.,1
sean lockridge : best mobile game i've played in a while. the art and sounds are so clean and relaxing. love it.,1
matthew cooper : amazingly gorgeous game that is addicting but jumping over chasms are too unforgiving,1
a google user : pretty good but irritating that you can't see your high score till you beat it.,1
jay solanki : i'm playing this game in my nexus 6p,1
shmooogal : this game is beautiful even though i'm a skiier all the skiing and snowboarding games sucks until now this game is awesome,1
arvind suresh : i should be able to see these without signing in with my play account.,1
konrad d. : this is a really well done game for such a simple concept. the visuals are great and the style reminds me of a "flat" monument valley. best distance so far is 5200. looking forward to going way beyond that. :),1
bloodking bk : graphics,1
dude itsmatt : this app has a good thought but it needs more stuff to it like add more power ups and add difrent characters other then that it's good,1
robert l. : everything about it is just awsome challenging keeps me coming back for more only thing i don't like is o want to do more tricks also if there is a perk to look out for rocks that are approaching.elders should be more challenging.i want something else that stops me and makes me have more skills to dodge them.add mote enemies!!!,0
ryan cutshall : can we get another song? the track is wonderful but gets old after playing a lot. another relaxing doing wolf be nice.,1
benjamin van rhyn : by far the most beautiful game on android. the art style and music is mouth watering. but it would be awesome if we get more extra stuff for the character but keep up the amazing work,0
jeni clarke : how do i get over a chasum i never have enough speed,1
joseph darkpride : so calm and peaceful,1
siddharth kanchi : glad u fixed the black screen issue,0
ahmad xalil : this game's great,1
vinayak gupta : but the game gets repetitive after a while and it takes too long (considering it's an endless game) to collect coins,0
aryan kumar : graphics are amazing,1
tanner boyle : fixed zenfone 2 problem upon request and now it works gg,1
nicholaos bilalis : alto's adventure is a perfect sample of what mobile games should be. i truly want to support this game,1
dave whitelaw : was good until the recent update,1
drew layton : i never tire of it. it was an incredible game on ios and still is on this. big thanks to noodlecake devs for getting in touch personally and sorting a crashing problem for me. drew. (world distance champion. for now..),1
jon martin : this game is so relaxing,1
anurag kamath : its a great game. something that would make it better would be new tricks and easier ways to earn coins.,1
ikrima baskoro : i appreciated this game. excellent graphics and smooth color. love it :),1
deverus : didn't like that it was one direction flip,1
knuckle buster : needs more stuff though. already finished the game,1
jake burden : practicaly flawless except from a few bugs. you should add extra trick options like being able to flip forward,0
seth stickfort : i like ski safari a bit better. noodle cake studios is pretty good though,1
caleb sowell : thank you devs for patching this amazing game! i had to use an old phone to play it on in the meantime,1
sushi kc : very soothing! nice and simple game! love the music and everything about,1
it! great game! recommend it a lot! it's just that challenges get too hard.,1
a google user : i haven't play so good game for so long time! it's so amazing,1
javier padilla : thanks a lot for fix the black screen on asus devices. i was really upset about not playing this game with great graphics. i love the gameplay,0
ardhito arro : seeing the screenshots is enough to convinve me to download the game. great visual,1
ghassan jaber : you really need to change the color of the rocks,1
anindaya s rana : gorgeous game. had problem with the asus zenfone 2. but after the update i can finally play it and i can say that it is just one of the games i will keep playing.,0
jack : this is the only game that i have actually rated without being bugged to do so. it's very smooth,1
dev singh : i amazing game game which dont ask for premium account just google account .. 5 star definately i'll give,1
bryan douglass : had been waiting for this release for some time. it's been well worth the wait. appreciation and thanks,1
james booker : the pause/menu cuts in half on screen.,1
cenamonman : and i just wasted ten seconds of your life,1
asheesh saini : you'll fall in love with it. the graphics. the music. the morning,1
seaworthyrocket : could have better controls but,1
gary volk : worst "game" ever. graphics are awful. gameplay and controls are awful. keep crap like this on apple!,0
sayandh parayil : beautiful graphics and beautiful music make this game worth playing though the name of the game is misleading,1
aaron ahearne : well structured controls and achievement system. loads of replayability. always play it until my battery dies.,1
ken corcoran : stunning art and design for a mobile game. endless fun and not to hard to move forward in levels at all.,1
tyler stanislawski : the game is one of the best i have run across in a long time and the graphics are amazing,1
just blake : smooth solid gameplay great music and its wrapped up with a nice simplistic art style. kudos!,1
gabriel harrison : gr8 game,1
brigitte stone : i keeps freezing and wont let me jump over that chasm,1
brian j. fox : 1.1 build 34 seems to have fixed my zenfone 2 issues. fun game,1
ching lin : very addictive and somewhat challenging goo. and a good game to kill time !,1
jon kirk : i really enjoy the game,1
shivansh samal : love being chased by the elder. i think there should be an avalanche mode also,1
clio varosy : this is the best app i have seen in forever. watch out though,1
bonnie s : awesome game! won't sync between my devices even when logged into google play games on both.,1
c. : overall a very fun game. i play it for hours. my only con is i wish there were more tricks that could be done such as a front flip or 360 for variety. but other than that keep up the good work!!!,1
luke walker : i didnt like it at first but it has grown on me,1
miguel jimenez : this game is great but they have to put more skins,1
g mcl : great game but frustrating that i keep accidentally hitting the pause button then smacking into the rock i then cannot avoid when i unpause.,1
jacob simon : i had gotten the game on my old iphone,1
emon pyra : everytime i stop to take a break it just pulls me back in with the smooth game play and graphics!,1
george skevas : needs upgrades for the performance of the snowboarder too. otherwise it's a beautiful app and simple gameplay,1
balaji vinnakota : i dont know why my screen offs when the game is still alive!!! i have to unlock again and resume the game.,0
ravi salimi-tabar : i definitely recommend you download this app. it's addictive,1
a google user : really very great game to play offline and online . so exciting game ever seen or played,1
vaisakh nambiar : it's absolutely flawless! the tunes are so relaxing while looking at the beautiful scenery. you guys can include more lovely tunes in the coming future updates!,1
danik briand : even though i disabled the data for this app it still managed to reach 200 mb of data in 3 days...,1
nikola adzioski : it's a great game but i think you should add something to collect when flying at maximum attitude,0
tyler casares : been playing since it came out. lvl 30. amazing. highly recommend,1
jimmy bimmy : i can see a thing when it become night time but its still a good game,1
taji stakeman : this game is amazing. it's beautiful,1
james w : this games art style is fascinating. amazing gameplay couples with a good soundtrack. i really recommend it.,1
prasanna prassu : addicted i never played this type game truly amazing,1
ninothin : previous crash bug has been fixed,0
hugo pun : would be a cool game if you could jump when you tap the screen. functions perfectly for the menus though. galaxy s6.,1
tyler kunz : the 2 best things in the world: material design and snowboarding. combined into one amazing game!,1
ragini neog : can u please highlight the rock and other obstacles so it will be easy when you are going at high speeds at night and afternoon time of the day. thankyou,1
mutahard : absolutely stunning graphics and sound effects,1
pradeep joseph : excellent game and very addictive. it has wonderful controls and the graphics are just awesome. loved it.,1
joe galli : gladly paid 3 bucks for this game and was totally worth that. great game if you only have a few minutes but you will want to play more!,0
andy andy : refreshing,1
brian gapp : i haven't played it yet but its artwork is too good not to be 5 stars,1
sarah : touching the screen does nothing during a run.,1
paul negus : addictive,1
lakeisha turner : i just switched from the iphone to samsung and i'm so glad they have this game for android now!!!,0
al6battlr : the music is good,1
chud mcgubbins : this is absolutely beautiful. taking two of the greatest things in this world and putting them together. llamas and time wasting,1
mario meeks : hate i lost all progress when getting a new device,1
matt lilly : this game is absolutely stunning. to enjoy it turn the screen brightness up all the way. you won't regret it.,1
michael comerford : superb graphics,1
julie buchanan : altos adventure is the best game i have ever played in whole life just its only 6 days old plus amazing music and lamamui!!,1
kameran riedel : one of the best games in awhile! give it five stars for smooth gameplay,1
nick west : this game is stunningly beautiful,1
renuka kutty : the game is very immersive. played it for almost 2 hours after downloading,1
hugo alencar : addictive gameplay!! loving it! 2 more levels for the wizard,1
douglas chang : beautifully designed and great soundtrack however low on content and variability,1
stormsnow : very bug and lagging always.. i touch the grind it's still lag my game..,1
shqlom : the best game i have ever played in my whole life,1
arman ahmed : animation is really slow for my alcatel one touch,1
cameron rae : its a nice looking game but pretty boring,1
eric hockemeyer : very cool,1
mario evason : this is so cute it's mind blowing. i've from being a casual runner game player to playing this game every 10 minutes! fantastic work. maybe a wallpaper to go with this well designed game?,1
ibrahim shaikh : best graphics ,1
jason tschohl : great game but absolutely not a fan of the newly added permission. especially after buying the double coin iap. why do you need to see what apps are running or installed on my phone? that's none of your business and there is zero reason for you to need it.,0
a google user : one of the best games i've ever played! and i hardly ever leave comments! thanks for fixing the zenfone 2 issue!,1
commander hj : fun game gets addictive after two runs can't put my tablet down,1
suman dev : i never played such a beautiful game.. relaxing,1
jennifer lazenby : i love this game it's way fun,1
a google user : be careful is you have a low display timeout setting.,0
brian georger : great game! i find it a little strange that this was an iphone game first since it looks like it is based on material design.,1
jeroen smink : i love this game but maybe a front flip added would give a nice little extra experience,1
bryan . d : the game is great but i don't see the helmet in the shop i just unlocked fellipe. anyone know why?,1
abu zayn moore : i love the game so far one thing i would like to know though is what country is it based in?,1
latiq pratt : the game has great visuals,1
isaac berry : relaxing music ,1
chase winn : one little problem though,1
matthew garcia : the game does not override the system screen time out.,1
alexis delrieu : what a great game! graphics are so pretty. it deserves 5 stars.,1
apoorv thakur : lucid gameplay ..so beautiful and treat to your and side viewers eyes .. just rocks are not clearly visible anytime..otherwise perfect. was within first 500 to download it. *proud* :p,0
cameron black : genuinely one of the best games i've ever played on my phone. so fun,1
sayantan patra : this game is amazingly different!!! the climates are awesome and looks very beautiful. i can play this game for hours. loved it!,1
spencer meyer : no mute button,1
emjay espiritu : but sometimes jumps,1
sik : great but screen turns off while paying. if you don't jump constantly.,1
ayan majumdar : another wonderful game on mobile! beautiful design,1
ade kusuma : after download the last update,0
jennifer ragde : i love this game! graphics are beautiful. i would pay not to have to watch ads everytime i crash because i suck. also,0
dylan hearn : its so much fun! i just wish there maybe more tricks,1
abdallah eid : i ran the game and after the logo appeared it took a lot of time on a blank screen then it opened. i thought it was just for the first time i run the game but this happens again and again,0
j. the wolf : i can't stop playing it and i love the wingsuit!,1
a google user : not motivated to keep playing.,1
bhavik vasava : i want more tricks on snowboard in mid air... he just doing back flip only...! game is good,1
cody moen : love everything about this game. no bad thoughts on it.,1
preetam kumar mishra : wonderdul graphics and awesome gameplay.... finally a game that can overtake other best games in the android platform...,1
mark mcallister : how do i do shallow jumps,1
akash singh : the game graphics is fluid.music is enchanting.the gameplay is superb.add more stunts.,1
jan lopez : i can't express it in words. i hope that this wouldn't go bad like other games.,1
ryan duong : amazing art. easy to play. great music and awesome time changing in this game.,1
justin werner : no annoying adds,0
jonathan southall : i love the way the time changes as you go on amazing,1
eshaan arora : i thought it would be an exact copy of the game which was released on ios,1
heli balsara : after i recently updated the game,1
esteban torres : this game is the definition of a good,1
jontravis hunter : back flips wing suit graphics awesome,1
jacob standring : its a good game. if the upgrades like the horn and wing suit were cheaper the game would have no flaws. bravo devs.,1
abhishek sharma : especially the background score makes this game more peaceful n attractive...,1
megan boyd : the music is soothing,1
kumi : the simple graphics and the music intertwine perfectly for this game. keep 'em comin!,1
srinivas desai : wonderful game black screen issue resolved. nice graphics,1
jg douglass : i love the graphics and music it calms me down but also if very addicting and it is amazing!!!,1
m sarepta : just love it!but can u plz fix a very important bugg!when i switch from my phone to my tab,0
ayush gupta : the game lags often and the pause and settings screen is not properly calibrated to the screen size,0
sahil gupta : very nice game,1
cian : beautiful game nice graphics music perfect and no ads,1
sarthak sahu : beautiful setup,1
kenneth dunn : until you can save progress between devices this game gets a 1 star. why make me play lvls twice?,1
rudra sharma : i loved it totally perectly beautiful game!! its just so cool and i just love it,1
soldat sniper : the light with the sound of thunder and the sunset..its really beautiful game,1
sot col : the best game i have seen on playstore.,1
michael lang : didn't expect to like this game so much!,1
humberto garza : the game play is simple but keeps getting challenging as you level up.,1
ryan koesters : this game is really well made and relaxing. it would be nice to have android tv support!,1
isaac ramos : great game!!! it gets you in the spirit of wanting to snowboard even if you've never done it.,1
ted nunamaker : so sometimes after reviving alto i can't make him jump. annoying...,0
preeti saxena : a master piece. best grafics and very good music. keep it up !,1
hunterguy1 : i understand that maya is ment to be the acrobat but most of the time i die because she doesn't have the speed or the jump to make some of the cliffs please make it better to clear the jumps with her,0
a google user : have 2 pay money for wingsuit to finish lvl 31 that sux!!!!!! uninstalling app,0
julie powers : great game to play but wish the elders weren't always after me!,0
ur pocket peyton : i wish i could have that as a background for my tablet. and very great game!,1
the dreaming tree : great graphics,1
annex.the.lemons : i absolutely love the art style of this game. it's really soothing and peaceful.,1
mark chau : don't be discouraged at the beginning. once you get the hang of it,1
manish mani : i am very very like this game .i was addictive to this game .it has great graphics .the controls are very easy amazing snow it is very nice,1
siddeq zunnurain : never knew their are such awesome games down here,1
regardt rossouw : great game and lovely graphics. i absolutely love the ambience that the game creates!,1
hanco coetzee : well structured and fun..just... when i pause ingame..half of the options just disappear..please fix,0
soumik sarkar : lost all my progress after downloading the new update... signing in with my google account didn't help... perhaps there's no method to recover any game progress... sadly... uninstalled,0
map loot : awesome game i'm addicted to it. awesome graphics i loved it,1
brandon reynoso : really fun,1
bharat patel : good game but in night i cannot see rock,1
worthy watch : cool and mind satisfactory games. god bless you team,1
gabriel rubio : game design is beautiful,1
tadhg : it's a beautiful ,1
brishtikana siraj : best game ever! the music is so nice and the scenery is simple yet beautiful.,1
rob morrow : honestly,1
panic its teddy : this game soothed my stress and it has beautiful graphics,1
sara plz : great time waster hehe really like the graphics and the background music!,1
jayveon brown : this game is really awesome i'm really good at it i love the graphics and the weather on the game thank you for making this game!,1
spooksyy exe : my fave thing to do is backflip,1
wong ba han : very nice graphic,1
joshua kimsey : awesome game! i hope this is kept updated so i can keep playing!,1
joanna higginbotham : this is one of the greatest games i've ever played!,1
evan halley : awesome game,1
imran khan : iam literally out of words.,1
tom knight : had proved multiple levels,1
anthone m : very beautiful graphics and no lag,1
c l : i like the game just wish that the coins could buy not only different power ups but costumes or something i wish that we were able to defend ourselves against the guy that's riding the horse,0
tom perun : this is a excellent game with beautiful graphics. highly recommend to all!,1
dan lee : please add more tricks. i liked the game so much. adding more tricks and stunts will be more satisfying.,1
brayden yoder : i've played it nonstop for the past two days.,1
jibby jeffs : everything about this game is spot on! music is soothing,1
justas valaskevicius : perfect game for short brakes even at work :) lovely game good graphic. nice job!!,1
thetops : one of the best game i have ever played. loved it's graphics and simplicity.,1
rigby the bear : reminds me of monument valley but,1
cayvn gaming : this is hands down one of the most beautiful and addicting games i've ever played,1
aditya gangwar : its an experience of a lifetime. the visual and sound effects are just overwhelming......although more stunts should be added...,1
corvida raven : really enjoyed the graphics and gameplay,1
eftihis hatzidakis : this game is one of the best out there. a must have!,1
lena rainbow : i can play it for hours! its so great,1
amirul anuar : i can now play on my zenfone2. fantastic!,1
vikas agarwal : the game is really awesome.. music graphics and everything,1
samuel chatman : finally a game that lives up to the description of being free!,1
luis bravo : graphics are 10/10 and sounds game play are all awesome!,1
karan gupta : u should not apply adds between the game ..it irritates a lot,0
yuki kot : i love the game! :) beautiful graphics and details ,1
greg foley : this needs to make the editors choice list! very well made game!,1
chris hay : great gameplay,1
cole oday : this game is actually quite moving for a 2d platformer. i definitely recommend it to all!,1
karel pins : nice game. it will be more fun if you add more free styles.,1
nasrullah anwar : love the sound and art style. chilled out game.,1
tina : i would definitely recommend this game to others.love the graphic of it.,1
johnnos4 : game looks amazing,1
anex borja ii : this is one of my favorite game! smooth graphics! great app! i will recommend this to my friends!,1
toby harverd : someone please give me the beautiful music of this game! it's so relaxing,1
himanshu rathore : awesome work ... thank you for awesome game,1
glen barchan : perfect i love this game and it is really good to play when you need some time to waste,1
surrep titsless : point and click. nice graphics,1
austin taylor : game has great graphics. its fun and addicting. can play all day,1
arghyadip maiti : love the gameplay and the graphics. the music is really good. overall it's an awesome game.,1
frederic mottiat : great little game,1
john mcclane : really high quality,1
michael stephens : this is what mobile games should be. simple but challenging,1
saif ahmed : cool take on the endless runner,1
jason r. berry : very fun to play. and,1
nicolas cope : exceptional graphics,1
abhi : good game play when bored or stressed great mind relaxing and challenging game !,1
partha sarathy : realistic graphics and good theme. great time pass,1
kasam : very good game,1
ruddie green : best feel-good game i ever played headphones recommended,1
venkatesan krishnamurthy : great graphics awesome gameplay cool bgm. has everything!!,1
bangas and mash : good gameplay,1
jay watto : nice bgm and concept good game. makes me as a soft person,1
angela manning : i love this game! the graphics are beautiful. just amazing.,1
matthew scholes : so beautiful. perhaps one of the best ever.matthew,1
justin wilson : i have spent hours playing this game its so much fun!!!!,1
christopher haritos : really fun game,1
jason smith : i don't know what to say. i just love this game!,1
sachin deshpande : fantastic game. subtle graphics. gripping sound. low on disk space. overall blockbuster!,1
mia : easy and free to play game with amazing graphics and breathtaking artwork.,1
jay sardhara : superb game,1
rigoberto vigil : this is a diverting little game with a great aesthetic and unobtrusive ads.,1
jean pier harvey : my new favourite game,1
alan sabatino : a beautiful looking game,1
tayo johns : well developed game. great looking game that plays well and is easy to catch onto.,1
akshay dhyani : there should be a free run mode where i can select my weather.,1
meghan lendhe : overall the game is excellent but latest update has some bugs in the menu section,0
redbluepoison : i really like it... big fan of this game,1
paul : fun for an endless runner,1
chris munoz : one of the best games out right now! but i would pay $5 to remove all the "watch this video" ads though.,1
toukir : i think that this game is best game because is looking like iphone's games,1
bloodboar vods : addicting and real fun when there's nothing to do,1
ramesh mundu : awesome game i love it good display awesome speed soo nice game challenge game.,1
chad doughty : this one surprised me,1
gab daylag : nice design and loving it so much.. this new concept is fun,1
peter clack : beautiful graphics,1
kira inman : i absolutely love this game it i'd probably one of the better ones i've seen and played,1
hashim ansari : amazing game. it should have graphics option to increase or decrease the game graphics.,1
david perkins : technically not a difficult game to learn but its just beautiful and mesmerising whilst playing it. love this game!,1
tech trinkets : high quality graphics ,1
lollipop and : but a bit boring,1
lil home invasion : if i could i would give it 6 stars it's gorgeous it's great game play,1
randy lebel : this needs a paid version rather than forcing people to watch ad videos if they crash.,0
asti fletcher : would definitely pay to remove ads though,1
renchel aguiba : it has everything i want great graphics,1
robert purje : brilliant graphics and music,1
mohd haris : i must say.. finally i got something to play on my phone,1
elliot neal : wonderfully simple and blissfully satisfying. you need this in your life.,1
deepak chauhan : what i say of thus game's graphic very very better graphic,1
tom geyer : one of the most beautiful games i've played,1
carlisaac nicolas : i wish mabey more variety to the areas like mabey making a desert mountain full of sand or snowboarding in a city,1
darius hampton : this is the way games were meant to be played,1
randy the unicorn : i absolutely love this game the graphics are amazing and i love llamas so this is a 5 star game now,1
midas : so glad you guys fix the black screen,0
nezar chikho : i liked it so much and best game ever played on the play store,1
dani rimo : i got bug yesterday,1
nils coe : the edition of the great piano music adds to an amazing atmospheric expeirence,1
sirenianjeans9 : this game is so relaxing and beautiful with the music and scenery. very well done to the creator.,1
hammuh. : very well made game can't wait for my update to get done loading,1
barry goonai : great graphics and sound plus no ads love it,1
manan bhatt : why there is so much of nights in this game....!!???? whenever i play it gets dark as it gets nignt in the game as if i'm colorblind... do something of it and i'll rate it better,1
jacob streeter : i have a zenfone 2 and was mad when i couldn't play thanks for fixing it!!,1
piyush pandey : it's just so much attractive and once u played this,1
wes hall : audio and visuals are quite impressive and beautiful. a thrilling yet relaxing experience.,1
luke bradley : possibly the best game i have played on a phone. it's perfect,1
aiden yt : so far this game is awesome! another fantastic job from noodlecakes,1
miguel : really great game! i love the graphics and gameplay.,1
rick decamara : relaxing and zen game. beautiful visually and solid play mechanics.,1
blake kelly : it would be better if you added more moves like 360 and then you would be able to combine backflip and 360,1
kholid khom : best game ever this game come from ad in my game theblockheads,1
micah lawrence : no constant asking for money. simple and fun. great poop game.,1
santeri holappa : crashes everytime i try to open it,1
kromess brate : scenic and action..that's all i love about it...but you can't see far enough to see what's coming especially if you're going fast..other than that great job..but please fix this atleast adjusting the distance view..,0
fahad rahman : relaxing and fun,1
sebster m : love this game,1
sathya priyan : keep up the good work,1
luke foley : best endless runner no doubt best graphics best gameplay and very good gameplay must download app,1
nathaniel : very fun i played 8 hours,1
thelma ekoh : been play for more than two years i adore it,1
stephan tha don tv : love it takes my mind away from everything,1
shreif g : just wanted to say thank you and keep it that way,1
megastick : best game i ever play best graphics,1
gamingeddie1 : it has amazing graphics and it is just a m a z i n g,1
dinakar venkatesh yadav govindra : if other tricks are included then this this game is truly amazing,1
honey grace castaneda : even the character is small i like the concept and the style of the game,1
arben emini : needs some more options to jump,1
brian austin : simply stunning. another great app by noodlecake. #delicious,1
erick p : works great on samsung 5,1
kristopher amirault : well made. simple concept,1
aiden garner : its so fun and i love how your chasing lamas,1
a google user : would love to have cloud saving so i can continue on other devices,1
farzaan hemani : most awesome game ever plus great graphics,1
dnrj hudl : great games recommended to all my friends and they love it now too,1
young silverboy : amazing time killer and pretty challenging game! 5 stars only,1
xela sirhc : awesome. awesome. thanks you guys,1
aglie player : it smooth great controls but it fun in the end,1
anonymous : fast paced and thrilling gameplay once you get further in the runs,1
the nether -wolf : extremely beautiful game keep up the good work noodlecake,1
pan varsamis : really enjoyable game i just want more tricks guys,1
home security : addictive and fun easy gameplay love noodlecake studios,1
a.s. : had it on ipad and now on my s6.. guys you are the best,1
ann prendergast : college love it fun free amazing awesome,1
kris h : addictively simple. great mechanics,1
sennum2hell : this game is amazing and i barly got it today i highly recommend this game no giltchs on my galaxy s6 the game is beautiful and sounds great the gameplay is just perfect,1
dr pain : feeling good when play it i love you altos,1
a google user : visually beautiful for a mobile game. horseman gets me every time lol,1
sid shingne : like the game very smooth game and very nice graphics playing again and again,1
jason ty : tupa chasm doesn't work on android,0
mayank sahu : please don't download it,1
sharrieff m : it's artsy,1
adithya menon : truely well thought game... challenging with beautiful graphics and lovely backdrops....,1
ajmal ajmal : pls add manuall weather select option pls pls,1
jeremy petitte : if you like simple but addicting this is yhe game for you,1
anub's perspective : because it's like a runner game and it's also an action game wow the best,1
satishkumar elumalai : unable to login thru google play,1
abdulrahman saied : no comment only admiring,1
francisco bobadilla : waste of my time,1
john fernadad : crashing every time i open it,1
qaisar khan : please add some sound effects,1
shadows _85_ : alto is spanish for high,1
nicholas brown : you would love this game.,1
cats lover : this game is boring.,1
left blue : absolutely beautiful game. design is magical and gameplay is smooth!,1
kaviraj ki zubaani : this game is unique n makes u smile. it's like ur living a story (at least that's what i felt :-) ),1
kashauwn jenkins : can u please add tricks to it i want to see tricks and a multiplayer race that would be awesome please,1
nicholas kish : this game is certainly pussylicious... booty too,1
john freeman : the design reminds of monument valley.,1
michael tepes : very fun game. and i normally dont do reviews. youll like it..,1
ahbab siddiqui : great graphics,1
dr praveen rai : superb game with very decent graphics. game with treat to eye,1
davspas : amazing game,1
luca cammarota : thx a lot for making this app,1
jan emir co : nice graphics,1
hsing wu : lots fun to play! and never tried!,1
rohit biswas : the background music adds to the charm.,1
sniff cardozo : (read thru a mirror ),1
candico : it has very nice visuals but extremely similar to ski safari,1
iain ballard : fun and beautiful graphics,1
rebecca h. : closes before it even opens,1
nicholas carey : visually wonderful. gameplay is easy but challenging. great game.,1
cody smith-cripps : simplistic gameplay and endless run makes for a gname which can absorb 5 minutes of downtime or hours of time you should be using for something else,0
praynella 2004 kris1970 : i like the grapichs! the characters are also good!,1
vivek j : addictive. really liked the ui and music.,1
kalpesh bhoir : soundtrack and graphics makes me play more and more! :),1
zenaido luis : it has great graphics and fun to play,1
puffle candy : i am really in love with alto's adventure. great game.,1
eitan : good time waster while sitting at the doctor's office,1
red mounsey : it is so much fun but it drains your battery so fast,1
joven : i just love the graphics! it's very funny to play.,1
nita kinanti : thank you for fixing problem on asus devices,1
manai angh : totally love the music ,1
a google user : very fun and unique game recommend it to anyone,1
jakub patek : really nice looking game with enjoyable gameplay...and music.,1
ialexi : after 5 minutes doesn't work. just loads till d first screen (where the name appears).,0
ali kh : great game,1
lizeth landa : it's a simple yet awesome game! great graphics!,1
j -w : wow! so relaxing and calming. awesome music,1
alexandre lepretre : beautiful graphics,1
ariadani dwi fathurahman : great game! you must play it.,1
aaron tribbitt : the music is soothing.,1
trisha lee : good graphics,1
karandeep padam : great music,1
pranav kuchimanchi : one of the most visually stunning games.,1
aleksandar prinzevski : graphics 8 (2d) music 8 gameplay 10,1
elias neel : nice atmosphere,1
artur borovik : nice game to spend time when waiting for something.,1
scott hegarty : it's fun,1
charizardsushii : backflips and grinds. hasnt gotten old yet.,1
bhartesh nare : amazing graphics amazing gameplay beautiful music,1
bobby alcordo : i was looking for shooting but when i saw this i really wanted to play it one of the best games,1
mikko surla : simple gameplay,1
samantha burton : great game with lovely graphics.,1
tharshan kejandran : th pause screen is not the screen resolution for my phone,0
m radya aqsa rheznanda : yess the graphics,1
flynn armstrong : i love this game. great music,1
brianna travis : great music great controls great graphics great game,1
max sternberg : please. otherwise a fantastic game.,1
rishabh dubey : mesmerising game. awestruck by the artwork of it,1
morethanmoral : top 5 best mobile apps of all time.,1
a google user : its an awesome and fun game to play i recommend it to every one who enjoy and love playing casual games on android,1
jose manuela buitrago rivera : i love it,1
sayesiva v k : i love this game a lot. screenplay is awesome. good music too. a good game of year.,1
mukund meshram : graphics are nice,1
gurinder kumar : beautiful game. i never play this type of game.,1
paul negrete : nice visual and gameplay. now working on zenfone 2,1
gay anime : really the best endless runner out there. actually addicting.,1
the king : this game is so awesome!!,1
korbyn bryan-rodriguez : can't get in the game always kicks me out,1
diego alva : awesome game,1
a google user : as with "ready,1
lima bean : beautiful game and so fun and simple!!! definitely recommend!,1
viridian foil : it's working now,1
delphian ramadhan : addictive and challenging once u play it,1
john staples : i'm not a huge fan of runner type games at all..this game is fantastic 100%,1
melissa b : the greatest game since flappy bird because... it's addictive,1
jordan koh : really lovely graphics and no intrusive ads!,1
prathamesh deshkar : such a beautiful game nice graphics it's a fantastic game,1
alberto santiago : this game is extremely fun and nice!,1
greg smith : good graphics,1
sakthi kiruthika : give us some work many. make it more interactive.,1
fahad ahmad : love the sounds and the environment. nicely done!,1
cameron mendoza : great graphics,1
lucas raheb : its awsome like cheese cake with wip cream.,1
pedro castellanos : there's a lot to do for little mb,1
mano krissh : good music,1
andy denial : good god,1
individualsoul production : cannot play this game as i can oly c black boxes and fonts are also black please run on bluestacks and check if it runs,1
gavin o'leary : this game is absolutely gorgeous and i love the music and the sound effects but when you unlock all the characters are there going to be endless challenges to keep us going or will there be updates to add more challenging things on the mountain and more characters?,1
ezaz ahammed : one of the most beautiful game on the play store,1
vishwajeet singh : one of the best android game please try it,1
ichsan fachri hakim : the graphic and environment are amazing and incredible,1
dhaval purohit : simple yet very modern graphics,1
bayu ody : love it so much,1
bailey patterson : i love the music and the graphics are amazing,1
rohan vaze : i like the game because it have great think,1
cheddaguap : love how everything flows,1
christian presley : best game ever challenge adventure and relaxing,1
samtani pradeep : beautiful graphics soothing music,1
adam somai : graphics are great also i feel happy playing it,1
ilham hafizi : keep doing a great game like this,1
je 21 : get this the music is awsome so is the gameplay,1
a google user : got a beautiful game after long time...so much relaxing and soothing..just loved it!,1
ba kong : no black screen anymore,1
nathan bird : super fun,1
jordan garcia : easy to learn,1
mrityunjay besra : good graphics.. awsum game,1
michael cates : this is a beautiful app with great graphics and music. this is truly beautiful.,1
nerid perera : but sometime play hanky panky,1
varun choksi : tops in all the aspects...outstanding graphics,1
saurabh rai : love playing this game.. nthng bt a mst play game.,1
law : this game deserves a 5 star,1
nica madalina : one of the most beautiful games i have ever played!,1
tetsuo shima : best distance game i've played in a longtime,1
alejandro jaramillo : great graphics,1
justine reiner : its great the controlls the mechanics the graphics!!!!! i have just one request.... make us do tricks :),1
jojomc0306 : great graphics,1
shubhankar shukla : very easy & cool game .. graphic are cool .. must play,1
sophia coleman : its smooth and cool and amazing just get it!,1
akshat : thats all i have to say,1
sandeep p s : good graphics and bgm.,1
eddie rodriguez : the in game ads... would have gladly paid $3 like on ios,1
kagetane hiruko : i like the view ,1
deacon felton : this game is perfect! only thing is settings don't load for me?,1
visruth raj : smooth functioning. no lags at all,1
rahul rk : exiciting. good gameplay,1
soumak bhattacharya : good graphics & great timekiller..,1
dimas donny : devs,1
karim daredia : #simple #fullonridewithalto #meetwithmaya #wowgame,1
sye co : i love this game its the best game i ever played.,1
qais abdullah : awesome game,1
tune beast : wonderful game with minimal graphics.the audio effects are good,1
jesus fuller : i like the dynamic of the game,1
jeramiah bronkhurst : this is sooo fun i love it,1
chailon'e nickens : its an amazing game with awesome graphics,1
adamya paretha : easy to learn great design,1
srimoy chatterjee : one of the greatest games for the android device,1
faraz : such a beautiful game with pleasant music,1
idiotic glitch : play a lot really good game,1
abhishek mukherjee : the colors and design elements are just lovely,1
jeff howard : good times had by all,1
enggit a : this is my good game,1
dayanand vindurthi : it is cool than other games,1
kiran arshi : it is a good in it there is so fun,1
austin howells : this game is super fun and amazing,1
angels vlogs : it has grate graphics,1
vishnu dayal : the background music is awesome,1
abdulsamet dursun : turkish matter if the game 5 stars,1
sunil hada : lovely and smooth,1
luiz moraes : awesome graphics. addictive game,1
a google user : this game is very addictive,1
muhammad izzudin : excellent gaming,1
anthony daniele vella : there isn't any option to cloud save the game progress.,1
mia g : this game is beautiful and great. i love it . i love backflipping,1
stephen farquhar : ... and is loaded with constant endgame advertising prompts.,1
madhu mathew : update - normally it will take a week to get a reply from you guys but yesterday i knowed about this game and from reviews i learned how awesome it is...... now i can play this game in my zenfone 2. you deserve more stars than this i am sure and today's my birthday it is great gift from you developer. i really appreciate your time and effort behind this game...... keep it up guys..... again thanks for giving us a wonderful game......,1
ajith kumar : it's cool game,1
muharraphli : thank you developers love ya!! hahaha,1
david hernandez : for a follow back my insta is http.david.x,1
eyal katz : masterpiece. best game seen in a long time.,1
mehul rana : totally addicted!,1
shoichi catal : being simple is art. a very nice game worth playing.,1
charithmania : best game ever ! nice graphics!,1
gina threet : it is fun and addictive the graphics are amazing it never freezes i highly recommend this gane to others:),1
nathan collins : amazing game,1
sanju das : super advanture game i love this game.,1
hunter bradford : fun game with lots of goals to accomplish,1
joel pascual : seriously beautiful game... very addictive.,1
richard yin : i liked this game more than i thought i would,1
darrell lewis : i play this ish everday,1
a google user : fantastic game and beautifully designed!,1
harsh ambastha : beautifully rendered. literally love it,1
kate mccann : amazing addictive game,1
gina hoppis : omg. you have to try this one....fun for all ages. great graphics,1
nate brogan : the music is very great.,1
mohammed zeeshan : excellent game ,1
ajit singh sandhu : game is excellent no problems awesome interface nice theme easy to play really fun good to pass time but it need more things in the workshop to make game more fun,1
havel the rock : what is a proximity backflip? how would you expect me to know what that is?,1
sarah berkhout : this is so addicting,1
stefen tjipta bsd city : thx now i can play in zenfone2,1
alyis wilson : this game is so fffuuuunnnn,1
waka bout : this is literally the best game i have ever played. i'm serious. this is the first game i've really liked fantastic,1
kamu : awesome game 10/10 i could listen to the music all day,1
danuel lindale : for now.,1
strange music : but i've lost my all progress all though i signed in to my google account...!!!,1
liam turley : this is a beautiful time wasting app.,1
clash gamer : keep going that's game amazing,1
nikolay gradinarov : great game,1
anica cruz : it's really fun catching all the alphas,1
kanad p : superb graphics n beautiful,1
enrique de haro : beautifully designed game! easy and addicting!,1
eneo pajo : soo calm and smooth and relaxing. love it,1
rocky russell : love the fluid and artistic game design.,1
abhi : one of the best game on android and ios,1
8-bit acid : this is the best mobile game possible,1
naresh guye : nice game and graphics are very good,1
mac : i love this game it is very interesting,1
prashant bhardwaj : sound and music is soo good and delightful,1
suren : amazing ui and good game to play with,1
gavyn jackson : most beautiful game ever,1
hydz mapa : good graphics tho,1
guy bickerton : this game is amazing recommend it to anyone,1
evil netch : great game with even better graphics,1
purv monani : a very different endless game,1
logen kumar : the game is really amazing,1
cameron mcelhaney : great game beautiful graphics,1
ghandy tacuri : fun to play and easy,1
moy lira : is just beautiful and good made,1
graeme longair : brilliant game easy but brilliant,1
ankit singh : game was awsome if gameplay was smooth,1
matthew rambo : beautiful graphics and great gameplay,1
gareth hendrikse : good graphics and fun to play,1
mo assafiri : this game is so cool,1
adrian price : this is a really great game,1
rohit samanta : lovely game its very addicting,1
zu 123 : the best game in the world,1
sam hodgkinson : absolutely excellent game,1
mimi jenkins : love the music. very addicting and relaxing,1
dheeraj divakar : great game.. great graphics.... love it... when i was downloadin this game there was only one download done and i was the second... but as soon as i started playing this game i found my decision downloading this game was on the right track... so addictive that unlocked almost all characters and still playing... a game for every age... go on... download this... its worth downloading!,0
abimanyu sajeesh : its great...graphics is ....wordless..just play itt,1
rizqi raiz : please fix it always stuck after title...on my zen 4s asus...after update still wont go... nice review now i can play it...thanks for your beautiful hardwork,0
ojas gupta : superb graphics..... soothing background sounds.... awesome gameplay and captivating environment..... in a nutshell ab ideal game...,1
bhavin trivedi : great graphics and a very relaxing game,1
mik3y : atmospheric,1
r.v.raj kumar : it's super game for all,1
nikl : this game need more update.,1
unnikrishnan appukuttan : beautiful art work and simple game play.,1
elang : i like time ,1
samuel g : the pause menu doesnt load so i have to restart the app everytime i press it in order to play,0
dhruv singhal : nice challenges.,1
ikoi {they call me fishy} : really cool,1
ariel shimoni : great game! design - 5/5 challenge - 4/5 gameplay - 5/5 overall 4.5/5 a definite recommend!,1
roberto rendon : i have 47,1
stuart mathers : after update all my data and progress has reset,0
manjeet singh : please add... 1) reward or benefits after completing a level... 2) more power or gadgets... 3) llamas saved reward or prize... 4) setting button while in journey....5) add skip mission key permanently in goal section... thank you for small in size yet interesting game,0
gregorio munoz : it won't let me play it goes to the title screen then goes to my home screen,0
ananda v : could improve the stunts...,1
pratik : graphics and music are just amazing ...a really nice game..,1
randolph vusi w dube : so irritating to have not be able to transfer progress from one device to another.,1
jayson murphy : awesome graphics easy to play,1
suresh s : i love the game,1
raj yadav : it's very nice game....! i love it,1
shreyas kumar : it is so beautiful an application.,1
paul ridler : most beautiful graphics in a game.,1
cristina cuevas : nice graphics and it play's smooth,1
vibhu pandey : easy and interesting.,1
aryan tyagi : worth it.,1
the two dudes podcast : mesmerizingly beautiful in every way.,1
ppb dora : excellent game with pleasant settings.,1
robert alvarez : great game,1
thomas smith jr : simple and great.,1
mohamed radwan : amusing,1
meghraj parbat : great graphics... a must try...,1
turboturtle x : i love the gameplay and artstyle,1
alok kumar singh : simple and beautiful game.,1
adam heim : beautiful graphics a lot of fun.,1
bryan candiliere : nice graphics and environments.,1
rahul vishnoi : the graphics are quite good.,1
david f. esp : it dose not work please fix,0
atul sahare : the most awesome graphics.,1
nathanael soarota : the graphics is very cool.,1
mehedi hasan : easy to play,1
fantom dragon : it's best game,1
a google user : good sound efforts,1
pete kennedy : this is definitely an awesome game. download it asap!!,1
toto og : good game,1
alex iordanov : so glad it's finally here!,1
keenan boyd : just recently lost my progress as well on my nvidia shield tablet.,1
manuela nieves : his game is awesome,1
bunty wadhwani : clean and nice game....this game makes your mood....the background music is so relaxing,1
jeremie chotrow : very fun,1
max dillon - travis : lots of fun...gorgeous,1
dayne vreskua : when you break this game down...you are on a snowboard...going down...a mountain...covered in snow...littered with villages...chasing llamas...being chased by old guys...while jumping...flipping...and grinding...all while gazing upon true simplistic beauty.....then falling on your face...awesome.,1
x : see for yourself.,1
finnjamin button : it's lit fam,1
yap vincent : die with hidden rock which same color with trees.,1
mark jackson : visually stunning. simple fun.,1
anthony r. : my fave game. but the iphone version gets extra items in the shop than android.:(????,0
- the vbe - : loved it !! + the background music n everything's,1
otto linnanmaki : graphics=10/10 music/sounds=10/10 controls/gameplay=10/10 what can i say. best. game. ever.,1
_ ayoitsvic _ : this game is awesome i have no trouble with it but the key point of the game is interesting why llamas?,1
bethany bremer : i love this game. i play it every day. it's awesome,1
keane. : fun and addicting but maybe add a front flip pls and 5 star if u add ragdoll physics....()/~,1
lee_gandhis_nuts : it's easy to play,1
vaisakh m s : superb game. loved everything about it.,1
dima green : well designed and great ui!,1
animesh jaiswal : they improved it. it's fun to play now.,1
jeffrey jung : great game to kill time,1
paul andrei m. padernilla : adveture time ski safari is better than this yeahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!! awesome dude the creator of this game is a cool guy!!!!!!!! i want some updates!!!!! booyahhh!,1
ashirbad jena : everything is good... n different from other games... deserve 5 star...,1
theresa hammer : it's relaxing,1
pearlson : gud job fixing it. great game!!!,1
a google user : unable to jump chasm and then game freezes. any tips?,1
annisa firdha i. : calming and addicting (y),1
nate bunn : didn't think android made these types of games,0
misu acs : awsome game ign 10/10 lol.,1
chad white : whenever i sign in to google play it disables my jump and the only way to fix it is to uninstall and reinstall,0
benjamin kvamme : i really enjoy this game thank you and good job,1
aniket mohite : music and artwork is great..thumbs up,1
pastor david cruz : it's very fun!,1
antonio torres : force closes every time i try to play it.,1
kumar raja : addicted to it great game........,1
nikhil muzumdar : simple and beautiful.. no adds.. perfect,1
paul pj connolly : best game play!,1
boby fishr : my kid loves this game!!,1
hamza bamashmus : menu needs to be fixed when paused,0
dinesh s : this is a simple and awesome game loved it...,1
jeevraj yadav : awesome graphics and sound....,1
hitesh kataria : something new,1
seth walters : a lot of fun!,1
sak styn : good music & sounds. awesome,1
dan sherwood : will change this back to 5 star when it's sorted!!!,1
jullyan rahendra : great graphic and great gameplay!but still have bug,1
ape peace : but,1
otis hare jr : it's finally on android... favorite game!,1
kevin toerien : awesome and addictive!!!!,1
amanda hagedorn : awesome app but i can't jump please!!!!but awesome app i love it download!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
sagnik paul : loving it!!!! the soothing gameplay...with the scenic beauty and the music...,1
suyash varshney : beautiful graphics and soothing sound.....,1
nookaraju indana : fantastic game ....ever felt like that....,1
tim browning : ... to jump the chasm in the training at the start??!!!,0
shadelz : great game,1
cyrus : loved it so much..:'),1
c h : very calming...,1
benjamin macdavid : this game rocks and it has amazing graphics,1
tom briggs : great game,1
a google user : enjoy the graphic and music!,1
vince cy l. : beautiful game and it is free!,1
robert hinaman : the game continues to black out if you don't do anything.. prevent screen timeout while playing the game!,1
vinu thakkar : lags on my phone,1
hunter halstrom : very simple and fun.,1
christian datu : can you add a little more feature on this game? like a challenge or race with time :),1
robert keedick : indeed a work of art.,1
daniel ionita : it's simply wonderful,1
so ny : what's this? couldn't enjoy even for a day. uninstalled,1
ibrahim rajiwate : this game work in zenfone 2...........,1
monique ruby : it's so,1
l : it is very nice game i enjoy this game.....,1
nathan choi : but why can the characters can only do blackflips?,1
gabriel maddern : only phone game i play,1
bala jacob : but soo small screen resolution,1
vishnu renjith : loved it!!!!,1
rajendra ray : love this game :),1
torrentx 2.0 : game of the year!!!,1
pandu chakra : awesome game...love it,1
seth low : freaking black screen???!!!!!,1
joshua chrosniak : beautiful gameplay. smooth.,1
gaurav oli : awesome graphics :),1
will hall : beautiful scenery!!!!!!,1
pavis kanchanadusade : it's not free in appstore,1
henrique neves : bug on the fuc*ng tutorial,1
andrei milik : great graphics!!!,1
elleen maurier : love this game!!!,1
aflatan : cant see in the dark?????,1
eduardo he : this game is relaxing,1
a google user : great fun and stunning graphics,1
elwyn lee-mitchell : needs more tricks,1
kanishk pratap singh chauhan : love the sound work,1
derek m : very addictive,1
chris d : looks beautiful and is addictive fun,1
fallen servant : so impressive and so beautiful,1
a google user : excellent graphics and great gameplay,1
henry vinoth : best gaming experience ever,1
simon wang : nice graphics and gameplay,1
matija brkic : cool for 10 mins lol,1
abk : simple and fun,1
a google user : has a peaceful vibe,0
khaled 1 : and great graphics,1
mahender singh : music is good,1
bharadwaj s : simple mechanics awesome game,1
onvsskrishna teja samanthala : hmm good game interesting,1
miroslav valkovic : high data usage,1
kristijan glavanovic : great game.,1
brad dey : decent waste of time,1
jason meyer : great time waste,1
bie : cool. tnx.,1
rahul chaurasia : nice graphics...,1
aditya y : a thing of beauty,1
a google user : nice to the point of addiction,1
adam zier-vogel : gorgeous but too repetitive,1
adi deo : best thing ever,1
jitesh chaudhari : loved it!!!!,1
uh : do i need to say more?,1
fear of : boring,1
fmnauf : addicted to a memory,1
karla villarreal : loved it so fun,1
sam : love this game,1
a google user : most addictive game,1
ninja ring : wonderful 2d graphic,1
dadrick burse : this game is beautiful,1
jugert metani : this game is good,1
lawrence korankye : best to be download,1
jeremiah : great game,1
wesley knights : it highly addictive,1
a google user : nice graphics and gameplay,1
hawks marines : loving it,1
sankar ganesh : good music and graphics,1
nicholas norfleet : this game is beautiful,1
antonio pacheco : it was preety cool,1
akash mourya : really love it superrrrb,1
sampath js : mind blowing,1
heyu : so addictive,1
himanshu gupta : great game,1
varun mahajan : i uninstalled the game. when i reinstalled it,1
erick herrera : i love this,1
colin robertson : simple yet addictive,1
rkg : addictive and awesome,1
teodora scepanovic : the best,1
febrianto danu : guys,1
brian caito : this is like wow ........,1
marcell williams : the elder is way op,1
alex vinyar : very clean game,1
tem production : this game rocks,1
thekidwonder : put front flip,1
austin jennings : thank you for listing,1
vijay h.m. : good graphics,1
carolynn bass : so addictive,1
vgamer tv : graphics are stunning,1
visuzo rhakho : it is fun,1
jessica thomas : fun and challenging,1
shivam kheronia : love this game,1
ngn juice : fun and addicting,1
antonije mihajlovic : pretty good,1
mohamed ahmed : amazing graphics,1
mangal : addictive,1
darshan s.r : beautiful and soothing,1
laurie mincey : great graphics,1
rai gurung : awsome game,1
jacob bechara : great game,1
arpit verma : fun and awesome,1
learn yourself mahematics : great game,1
rohan r : good graphics,1
james gray : great game,1
letuta : love the ui,1
sudhir meher : simple and fun,1
kayla marie hernandez : great game,1
ninh nguyen : can i get my progress back? i did sign in to google play.,1
honey frog : the screen is not black no more!!!,1
sunny bansode : awesome and smooth,1
tanush shukla : black rock black graphics in night?,1
manuel apayo : cool,1
bineet panda : addictive,1
juzer manyari : addictive,1
adnene tmi : cool,1
rev. raju cheeran : it's superbbb,1
derrick ross : ok-ish,1
catra evan : classic gameplay,1
matt cook : had this game synced with google play games. had to reformat my phone,1
fi l : its exactly the same as ski safari with maybe more artistic graphics but less to do. even the level up star system is the same. and jumps over holes can't be made unless you have the right amount of speed but since you never know how much speed you need at a given point and you don't know when the holes are coming it's really just random luck if you pass them.,0
michael guerra : this game is great. it is visually appealing. i enjoy the music. the sound effects of the boarder are realistic and make me miss snowboarding. i have one suggestion. if a player crashes right before a jump/chasm,1
jc cc : i seen this game i thought it looked like a game i might like it.i was right it's a fun game and addicting i started yesterday and now i can't stop playing the game it is so awesome the noodlecake games the information also play more of your games i stared the day before i wrote this and i've been playing since and yall people who think this is a good game you are write so please get it its a so amazing it's good to which the trailer first,1
jeremy schmuland : this is just an awesome game with excellent visuals and gameplay. would be 5 stars except for the fact that progress doesn't continue across devices so i feel like i'm starting over every time i switch between my phone and tablet. residually considering everything is maxed out on one but not the other.,1
bhargav emani : best game ever in sky diving sport. it's not just like sky diving.. music gives u a pleasure to play more.. levels and goals are fun to complete them. good graphics. clean interface. glad to be one of the first few downloaded people of this game it took me time to review this. good game .,1
micah patterson : the game is fun and advertisements are purely optional but it seems the physics are a little messed up. not sure if bug out intentional. sometimes jumping over a crevasse is easy,1
ori goldenberg : you get an insane amount of paid commercials,1
isidor schoch : the game looks really great and gameplay is solid and simple. the only negative is that the game slightly stutters every few seconds (usually when there's a lot on screen). as this is a 2d game i'm pretty sure it's not my phone's fault (it has a snapdragon 801). maybe you could try to optimise it a bit more if that's possible. either way great work!,0
a google user : it's very rare that you come across a game that is simple,1
mirko gradski : it's almost relaxing to play this. just watch out for rocks. easy on the eyes and very soft background music put the finishing touches on presentation for this one. like a minimal robot unicorn but not nearly as fast paced. will pay for a full version/final version of there is one. i'm using a moto x pure.,0
dustin henning : i love the game,1
chris k : this is a superb endless runner (well ski-er) with all you would want. nice visuals,1
christopher willis : i don't like endless runners but something about this game is different. maybe it's the wondrous music. or perhaps it's that there are other little goals to attain rather than just a high score. and the setting is relaxing and beautiful all at once. whatever it is,0
jair bryant : great,1
b0ssman72 : talk about an animal murder simulation. what did these poor helpless lamas ever do to cause you to kill them. you are forced to take your snowboard at 200 mph and totally murder them. if you look close you can see your character seeing wearing the fur of the lamas he has murdered.,0
malve akhil sharan : everything part of this game is beautiful. those day night transitions and the weather changes are breath taking. music,1
amit patel : i cannot give this game enough praise: fluid and enjoyable gameplay,1
jake : i got this game around 2 days ago,1
jesse villarreal : very similar to other slope games but better art direction. also reminds me of the old school ski game with the yeti chasing you. i do wish there were more things to spend your gold on,1
medusa yuk : i don't review games often and i'm not a massive fan of one-touch gaming but i had to leave a comment here because this game is pretty close to being perfect. the controls (tap to jump,0
eto gabashvili : i played this on ipad a lot and been waiting for a long time to have it on android. i love the visual style and it's very hard to put it down and stop playing. i like that it's free,1
shaun siau : a great game with gorgeous design language that is just amazing. controls are simple (tapping and holding) and movement is very fluid. glad that the android version is finally here,1
tubz inator : this is a really good game. i think there could be more to it but i could wait. i think there should be a multiplayer mode were u can race against others and bet on who gets 1st,1
curtis murphy : first i would like to thank the devs for fixing the issue where the game would hang or crash after the title screen. however i lost all of my progress (despite being logged in to play games) after the latest update. i had amassed a good number coins and unlocked one new character only to be presented with the starting tutorial after installing the update. great game (one of my favorites ever) very fun and quite rewarding... or at least it was rewarding.,0
gwyn d'mello : simple enough in concept,1
uknown uknown : atmospheric,1
jordan skiver : i normally hate mobile games and don't enjoy them at all. usually they are unoriginal and lack any fun factor at all. though the concept of this game is not original. the art style is and the fact the game doesn't really require you to make micro transactions which is awesome. best mobile game out there in my opinion. i can't put it down.,0
brenden young : i absolutely love this game. it's beautiful graphics and one touch game play keep me hooked and coming back for more. please have constant updates and add-ons. my only complaint is it seems almost impossible most times to escape an elder purely from speed.,1
a v : i like these genres and this one is very well made except the challenges to lvl up i wish they gave you money and also more power ups would be good and last but not least more types of obstacles would be nice,0
nicholas tantardini : the camping guy that follows you jumped out of nowhere and it was st night time so i did the know what hit me,1
grant johnson : didn't realize such a good looking game could be so not fun and frustrating. either build an atmosphere game where i get to do cool tricks without worrying about crashing every time i backflip,1
sparks : bugs i've caught so far include: a label of a completed achievement at the bottom of the screen ( as though you just unlocked them) these don't go away until restarting the game,0
vadim adel : i gave the game another chance after first being turned off by the ads. good that they are voluntary and would be even better if you could pay for no ads at all. i did buy the coin doubler to support the devs. other than that it's a beautiful game like others have said!,0
i am groot : the moment i started playing this game i fell in love with it. it is so simple yet so beautiful,1
stephen gunter : but almost impossible to quit. fun for a couple of minutes. after playing for about 5 minutes and getting bored,0
collin helmers : this is seriously a beautiful game,1
andrei lipoczi : everything about it. music atmosphere design. its... amazing. honestly the best endless runner out there. the only thing i don't like is the type of ads used. they're a bit obnoxious,0
dave colgate : more games need to be like this. no invasive adverts,1
paul amamoo-otchere : "the bug that caused the game to hang on a black screen after the title" is still persistent. i was able to play for a while after yesterdays update,0
rich : great game with good graphics with it being the arcade game it is. reminds me of a childhood computer game 'line rider' but with premade courses! only thing i would ask for is a different upgrade power to allow you to do flips quicker for better trick combos. other than that excellant game,1
luke iles : fun game with great graphics and smooth gameplay,1
josh de gruchy : good game,1
maximiliano vique : really addicting,1
ian gray : on my sgs6. seems to be less mainstream devices having issues. keep it installed and wait for updates. it reminds me of a ton of other ski games but very smooth game play and modern graphics. simple controls make this fun to play and hard to put down.,1
hunter crowton : this game is wonderful. the graphics are simple but gorgeous. the gameplay is easy and fun. the whole atmosphere,1
piyush chandrakar : i rarely rate any app or game but i must say this is the best game i ever found in play store.. developers its a request please keep it free of any charges and ads.. newbie can play and master it....,1
stance of dance : this game is extremely fun and its downloads have shot up,1
witono : not a new concept,1
a google user : this is the first game i've wanted to go out of my way to rate,1
iza manaick : sometimes,1
jose e. benavidez : i've had this game and it's a fun yet simple side scrolling game that's easy to get use to. it can be addictive and challenging though. you'll often industry your self angry anything your self for missing a obstacle though. there is a minor glitch on the pause menu though. fix it and it would be 5 stars,1
orlando shim-hue : so relaxing love the change of weather. when i pause the game its actually relaxing to listen to the rain. graphics are clean and smooth. really enjoy playing this. and love how the scene/ track is not always predictable. sometimes i hit the rocks because i'm paying attention to the scenery :-) i have a nexus 7 2013 btw works well on it no issues at all.,1
katja : i've played this game before and i loved it so much,1
enrique rodriguez : everything is good for me on this game. one thing that sometimes goes wrong though is the background song. it's seems to repeat itself on one part making it sound as if it were a scratched disk or something. it fixes afer restarting but that is only periodical.,0
k. bae : i love the simple art style like monument valley that makes me want to keep playing if only to stop and look at the artwork. it's a rare kind of infinite runner,1
matoro zeliph : this is pretty much ski safari bare bones. however it makes up for it by having a dynamic weather/day-night cycle. here is hoping there can be more types of mountains to ski on,1
thespore35 : oh. my. god. those were the words i murmured to myself when the game melted itself on the screen. the graphics and scenery are some of the best and most gorgeous i've never seen in gaming history,1
nathan pratt : hi,1
kolyn brast : everything is fine on the game but when i was in the main menu of the game and i went to the settings there wasnt any settings for audio,0
muntazar jafree : love this game. looks beautiful on my moto x style. music is awesome. the weather effects in this game is the best ever. the way how you earn your characters and the day-to-night transition is cool. addicted to a mobile game after a long while.,1
gooblemikehawk : loved every part of it and there weren't any random pop up ads. i would recommend adding a few more tricks. like being able to swipe and then being able to make chained tricks like front flips special grinds and such. amazing game anyway!,0
just relax : i like that the ski run is different when you have to start over. the music,1
ryan cade : i love the graphics,1
strwbrry.mochii : i've heard this game is awesome,1
justalex : beautiful graphics. beautiful music. just one problem. i seem to be having a notification that's at the bottom of my screen all the time telling me that i have to achieve 500m in one run even though i do. apart from this its awesome. okay so it turns out i just needed to restart my game so it's gone now.,0
eldude col : do you have a sadistic streak in you where you just want to keep watching the same lame advert over and over and over,0
helen rivera : amazing speed and skill game,1
chris fitzgerald : it's a little bit of a ripoff of ski safari,1
a google user : the screen is timing out and turning off if i don't touch the screen often. pretty annoying.,0
gerry heidenreich : i would love to see more social features,1
aaron hansen : polished and beautifully designed game. love the weather and time of day effects. sound effects and overall feel makes it one of my favorite games. well done guys.,1
eddie cockerell : really ambient & well put together. i've already sunk a few hours into it. one tiny thing - maybe the night scenes could be a little brighter? it might just be me,1
sidney hemphill : i love a game that doesn't revolve around a shooting mechanic. the great sound designed,1
poppy daniels : only problem i have is the character selection... i'm level 36 and maya (2nd character you get) is the only good one so far... you need to do tricks to build speed up and the others backflip far to slow.,0
reece jackson : i love this game! me when alto falls down a massive gorge: oh alto probably found his way out. what really happened: alto spent three days in a gorge and was forced to eat his last llama until he eventually died from frostbite,1
a google user : 1 problem you need to address is that if you don't touch screen for the time of your default display sleep time it'll go black while playing game .. it distract player ... add an request permission or algorithm to keep display on while playing game irrespective of default display settings of particular device.,0
dwight : i like the game a lot but much of the jumps are impossible. the gap is too long or the ramp is too small for the jump.,0
idlepeace : the backgrounds are awsome. the app guides you well enough to get things started in an interesting way.. try this guys.. well done.,1
andy davila : nice little time waster. the only thing i would want is to disable the day cycle. there aren't any bonuses for riding at night but ups the difficulty simply because its hard to make out what is going on,1
jones naylor : this game has amazing graphics and soundtrack. controls are easy to use and fun try more risk stuff like back flipping off a crevis onto a rock slide on a flag line then nose dive on a llama.,1
will slinger : however the character paz is so underwhelming. please make some changes to him so that he actually feels like something other than a useless alto. other than that,0
thomas c. : this game is beautiful,1
matthew curley : i like how u can get a better character when you finish a few missions and how you can buy stuff in the shop but i don't like how the coin doubler scarf is real money and i would be great full if you could change it to the money you collect in the game ;-),1
mj beam : the game is beautifully done. between the graphics and the music. however i do have a few issues. 1) when the feather deactivates it sometimes lands me right in the middle of a cavern or into a rock. 2) i often get "video is not available" when trying to revive my character or just a black screen.,0
k m : the game looks awesome and the controls are fine and responsive for the gameplay... until you start your actual first game and crash for the first time and unlike the tutorial,1
prasad vandavasi : game has it all. easy to begin and control ,1
dante ele : i love the materialistic design of the game. suits with the android theme. more games of this graphics should be made. good job developers,1
saurav sahay : well i dnt write reviews vry often fr ny app or game bt ths one just got my heart. i have played games to win or loose in boredom or time pass bt ths one is different. this game is actually quite soothng nd gves a strange kind of happiness nd peace specially the background music,1
a google user : i found out i'm supposed to get revived once if tupa lands in a chasm but it doesn't work on my game for some reason. android zte max,0
john o : very few mobile games keeps my attention but i can't put this game down. beautiful music and art style,1
john varghese : one of the best games that i have played so far in android... the controls especially jus one button,1
anand rajagopal : i was looking forward to have a play on this game after the reviews. but sadly the game won't start on my moto x (gen1),0
adrien samson : i haven't played much to be honest,1
minh nguyen : the slow motion when performing backflips,0
poppershnoz : when you go to the workshop to unlock stuff just tap on something you can't unlock,0
itachi uchiha : this is such a bad game it's basically a click bate. the pictures make it seem like a story game or and adventure game when it's really just something bad. only thing good about it is the lighting,0
james fellows : great game that deserves more downloads. i love the music and graphics and simple gameplay. don't stop doing what you're doing!,1
wierdo hehe : when i go to the settings page it's all out of place i can barely go back to the home screen please fix,0
tajuddin shaikh : the visuals are just wow. it makes me actually want to get inside the game and live there. the gameplay has nothing novel but the picturesque backdrop makes up for it.,1
ivan lim : although the gameplay gets a little dull after a while (granted,1
jolie klein : it's beautiful yet simplistic,1
trevon hayes : i first played this game on an ipad at an apple store and i was sooooooooo sad that it wasn't available for android but i'm glad that it's finally here. i love it so much. great game.,1
a google user : user friendly and efficient,1
bistok diiel lelono : instead of adding new things to this kind of game,1
ian hicks : sometimes you bounce off the rocks,1
mr. king : i improve every run but,1
riley bangs : as is stated in the update bullets,1
logan ockerman : i've installed the game twice on my motorola turbo and it will open the title,1
allie mills : would like to play but first jump is so far that its frustrating not being able to make it. why make a game that everyone describes as relaxing so difficult to get anywhere in it. will be uninstalling...i wanted a calm,0
rishabh shahi : coin magnets and other power ups start appearing after at least 2000 meters and also they are very rare. please make them more achievable. good game.,0
kev : great game so far,1
adam faiana amru : since i found it in ios appstore,1
p : this is a really impressive free mobile game. very well made and highly recommended. particular ups to the subtle way the game allowed us to pay for it.,1
erik lindqvist : great game. especially love the sound and visuals. would however like the ads to have similar close buttons. can be tricky to close the videos at times.,0
fishing on the mourne k c : i'm using my s3 with cm 12 and i'm having a very bad audio stutter i can not stand the game because of the bug,0
james ek : app stops at the opening screen,1
mark luna : it's nice to kill time. would be great if we could choose to have it in a certain time of day rather than it changing from bright daylight to dark night.,1
katlin hoag : the settings arnt visable but i am still able to search for the buttons randomly. great game besides that.,1
porter lyman : totally fun,1
lewis p : i had black screen after title however after i moved the game to external storage it worked. love the game :),0
bohdan bohnat : there are too many. i can't even get past the first level. some things just don't work,0
a t : it's okay for 10 minutes,1
evin : awesome game,1
luke g : if you're not playing on wifi turn off your data. game used 500 megs in 1 1/2 hours of playing time on 4g. brutal.,1
osama rere : well what can i say,1
justin goode : one of the best games recently,1
trevor elliott : a game like this doesn't need to view my app activity/history. uninstalling for abuse of permission requests.,1
wesleech : an option for day/night would be nice. kind of hard to see at night with glare in normal lighting. other than that good stuff.,1
vamsi krishna c : i can see opening screen and then black screen on my asus zenfone 2. may be something wrong with this game on intel x64 cpus really love the game ,1
vamsi krishna : beautiful graphics and simple gameplay. really enjoyed playing it. could add more to make it enjoyable without too much bloatware but still excellent. don't add any useless distracting gameplay features. simple and beautiful,1
steven vanmaele : amazing sound design,1
marc collazo : would be awesome if you can have the choice to pick the time of day. if i want to play a endless night/day/rain i can choose it. other then that this game is very addicting.,1
nikhil nambiar : catching lama is just an excuse,1
deepak chandnani : alto's adventure a peaceful game.the graphics and music in the game are very nice.the way developers presented the game one the screen is superb.,1
jj stepan : beautiful visuals,1
lucas braga : it's a great game,1
bryan de palma : well i saw you guys fixed the black screen bug... so i gave it a shot and yes definitely awesome,1
chuka : its pretty fun and time consuming but the crash sensitivity is really high. if land even slightly wrong you crash.,1
rondell thomas : i have to thank the developers for this game it is one of the best games in the android market. very creative and the graphics are just wow.,1
justin roberson : i've been play noodlecake games for years an i have to say this is the best game you all have released congrats can't wait for more greatness,1
ex. class cansy : i do not know who came up with this whole idea to make this game... but holy heck is it amazing! who ever had an imagination like this... who ever had enough money... they made an amazing game.,1
yuganthan sivashankar : amazing graphics and soothing music makes me come back for more. i haven't come across any glitches or lags yet in this game. gets a perfect score.,1
jamie andrew : i absolutely love this games art style and the game mechanics flow really well. i have never experienced a glitch or any problem like that. in summary you should really get this game.,1
mark vk : game is fun,1
ria chakraborty : the game looks great and performs well. but the tutorial could be more specific about chasm jumps as they are quite tricky. very addictive look and sounds are brilliant.,1
cee bee : i don't know what it is about this game,1
jorn veken : tricks would be a nice addition. also frontflips. game looks very good and there's no overuse of ads <3,1
barcode gg : game plays a lot like ski safari which i loved however the jump mechanics is inconsistent. if i jump a ramp over a chasm the outcome is never the same. sometimes you'll clear it and sometimes you'll plummet to your death. i have enough speed indicated by the scarf. also if you do a back flip over a chasm the game goes into slo mo which makes it worse. i would love to see a charging style that changes the height of the jump based on how long you press. good game just needs improvements,0
vinay banakar : would have given 5,1
jessica earle : i have a hard time jumping rocks and spent 30 minutes looking for a magnet and never found it. the game was fun,1
alexander trommer : i tried to play this,1
hugo alonso : this seems to be a widespread problem... worked the first time,1
simeon mark fernandes : a really well developed game for the "casual" players. the lovely music and smooth graphics is just the thing one needs to kill those spare 5min breaks.,1
jatheen kumar : this game is the most beautiful game i've played on my phone and it is also very calm and relaxing. i just wish that you could buy new things for alto like a new hat or new snowboard. but everything else is wonderful.,1
mark c : game is decent however quite bland; lacks variety but the time-of-day effect is cool. problems: even after dozens of runs the game annoying flips open the same tutorial tips during a run which disrupts your timing ensuring you fail your jump. every. single. time. why?!? there are no settings to turn this off--no settings of any kind,0
_ hissygoose : 1st - samsung galaxy tab 4 kitkat - unable to store/send to sd card.. weird because 1st version yesterday 02/11 went to sd no problem. too large of a file not to be able to. 2nd is agreement with others,0
raf malinski : work fine on my galaxy s5. if it doesn't work on your phone get a better phone. this game is amazing.,0
jon : the game is fun,1
thebongchronicle : one of the best graphics game i wave ever played try it at night in ur bed u wll be in dffrnt zone,1
sushant kumar : game pretty much like ski safari. but the visuals are mesmerising even being comparatively low in size. must give it a shot.,1
erica overend : ok so i started up the game and i could do the tutorial but when i got onto the real game i couldn't jump so if anyone reads this i wouldn't bother clicking the install button.,1
isai torres : beatifull gameplay and graphics very addicting and time serial killer ,1
kyle cook : i have ptsd and this game helps me relax. calming music and colors. highly recommend this game. my favorite game ever.,1
slax : this game is the type of game you can play when you're bored ,1
nella : very disappointed you can't continue your adventure on a different device. not going to download and start all over again.,1
arthur cizek : from the trailers,1
ben rees : will up to 5 if cloud saves get implemented. also ad complaints are unwarranted as they're opt in. i've played a lot already and not seen a single ad,0
nathan dominguez : this is a simple game but after a couple days you won't be addicted to it like other games.,1
owel rapalo : i think the visuals are really good as well as the gameplay. i hope they add more customizable things like new board colors or outfits for alto.,1
brandon hayes : it's really good game. no issues so far. just gets a little to dark and difficult to see the rocks sometimes cause it's behind stuff. that's one of the few issues that should be fixed,1
poly : unobtrusive ads and beautiful graphics. my only suggestions would be repeating goals for those really long runs,1
tanay sharma : okay,1
merely for rain. : don't you think i know this game based from? it's based on ski safari and ss: adventure time plus,1
bradley shellnut : app updated but the screen still times out. at least it pauses the game now...also in app purchases are semi-annoying and should have the option to purchase the whole app.,1
peter walker : a complete rip off of ski safari,1
mark t : beautiful graphics. great music. soothing. i love the quests to advance level. my only complaint so far is the third character seems a bit out of place for the levels. i hope there will be some new emvironments. the ones there are gorgeous. the sunsets. the sunrise. the rain. the snow. i hope this will continue.,0
gopakumar bhaskaran : one of the best games i ever played. everyone should try it .if there was an option i would have given you 10 stars. thankyou noodleckake studios,1
ajala kings : when i pause the game it literally goes to a bigger screen size making it hard to press the resume button.,1
trevor bernd : i like the 3-d effect on the buildings,1
p s : i just installed it on htc desire 826 ..the changing of day effect is simply awesome top of that the sound in game really makes u very calm while playing it..great work..shud go for it guyz..,1
merek the saint : everything is good,1
ravi varma : the graphics are pretty,1
artic fox : good job whoever made this game. not only is the background amazing,1
mr. : has nice pleasant music one finger tap game.... what makes it addicted is the objectives which seems to be easy but is not so... really should try once at least,1
greg allen : not a big fan of cell phone games but this one looked good. had to try it and i love it! it looks beautiful and is smooth.,1
a google user : thanks so much noodlecake for finally bringing this game to android! i wish most android apps could be brought up to this standard of quality! excellent job devs! can't say enough good about this game. it's just as good as the ios version,1
vishal pant : its like listening to a lullaby. the soundtrack and the beautiful graphics. other than the tiny bit of lag here and there this game is perfect.,1
warnerrr : seriously,1
anderson alves : this game has perfect graphics and sound,1
david pham : the game's awesome; smooth graphics,1
mikhael tillman : a fast action game with new characters every 10 levels. and they chase llamas,1
subhradeep chanda : finally. been waiting for it for such a long time. spent a day with this musical extravaganza,1
miguel feliciano : kind of hard to see during night mode and i know that's part of the fun but an option to turn off night mode could be added,1
justin mattioli : perfect game for short plays. the grind to level up is a bit long but i love everything overall,1
zachariah gearhart : cool graphics but alto needs to tuck harder. the back flip is totally weak...,1
jarid krause : cool idea,1
top down : i love this game. it has immersive gameplay,1
hannie wang : there still can be a lot of optimization: my nexus 6 simply reach a boiling point after playing for 10 mins,1
aditya dutt : on my samsung galaxy tab 3,1
the jester : i really enjoy the game. my only complaint is that you have to be practically 100% parallel to the ground to land a back flip. there needs to be a little more room for error in the landing.,0
david paton : i would love to give it 5 stars and it's a great game. i just wish that the coins would accumulate as you play,1
jonathan grams : so far,1
abhinav kumar sarkar : it's a good game. the hanging problem is resolved but some if there will be some more graphic improvement then i'll definitely give 5 stars.,1
natsu fairytail : awesome game superb graphics and visuals . should add a little more objects that provide light at night ,1
tsukiko yamamura : this game is well made and slick. satisfying visuals too creating an immersing game play. unfortunately,1
matt browns : i think it is causes my phone to overheat because every time i play it my phone gets hit after i minimize it.,0
steven blomkamp : having to watch a 30 second commercial every time you want to retry is torture. the paid option is hellishly expensive for what you get. great art and atmosphere ruined by ftp mobile bullshit.,0
alok sharma : there really should be an option to pay up,1
op singh : the sounds+ backgrounds +creatures all seems to be born on the screen. luv that and damn sure it will cross million of downloads in few days.,0
lone vindicator : after seeing the title i get a black screen. please fix,0
jiri dusek : the game is amazing and i love it. the only thing is that i cannot manage to sync the game progress between my devices,1
jason johnston : this game is really cool,1
kirsty peden : finally a great game that's enjoyable and doesn't have ads popping up every 2 seconds,0
david may : i love the vector art,1
ragnaroktv #zs : why is it to long to wait,1
mark : installed,1
dan herrick : only complaint i have is it will stop me halfway through a backflip even when i have plenty of time to finish the rotation. thats a game breaker for me because there is no way to get a good distance.,0
patrick : that's not such a bad thing when it looks this good. love the aesthetic and find it annoying to have to jump over rocks when ogling the gorgeous parallax backdrops!,0
praful patel : beautifully balanced gameplay that makes you want to play again and again. gorgeous visuals and audio. i'm amazed it's free. hats off to the developers.,1
will williamson : im not really a fan of the jump,1
antonio giovanni : i love this game.it is simmilar to other running games but it is also a platformer.i highly suggest you to get it.,1
emilie vachon : fun game but sometimes you can't see the rocks or you don't know if it's in the way or background. over all,1
joy raj : only stunt you can do is backflip. upgrade prices are like louis vuitton. and still dunno how to escape the cop thing that follows. total disaster.,1
ross dorsett : fun to play,1
nesha : i've never played a game with such amazing graphics as this one!! its unbelievable. i have a galaxy s6 edge and it looks marvelous on my screen. the game it self is just a tad bit boring,0
javier atkinson : it may be just me but i only use about 2 characters. the challenges are much easier with certain characters.,1
pintobull : amazing graphics and music that are both very calming. this game is simple in a good way. very realistic sound effects too,0
lilhwcd 626 : just a back flip and the same grind gets boring over time other then that it would be sic,1
jc : this game looks stunning,1
angus hannan : i looked at my data usage and my favourite (and 'offline') mobile game had downloaded 500mb worth of whatever. betrayed to say the least,1
faze optic : i cant play the game,1
isaac derrick : this game is beautiful! love the art style and the music. the progression of this game is also really cool and allows for a lot of game time. good job.,1
peter fischer : i'm absolutely punishing my battery with this game. i can't put it down. support your developers. buy the coins.,1
pravheen manohar : i won't say its addicting but good enough to kill few minutes. i'm using nexus 6 this game's fps is so bad i took breaks between lags.,0
kyrobe : this is a nice game but when it shows you have to jump high it doesn't let me,0
tat chow : logged into my google play games account on both my devices but game progress does not sync account devices. i have different goals for each device. please included device sync in a future update.,0
anas 10 : i played so many android games but those didn't give me this much affection ..when we play this game we will think like we are riding the scate board..and especially the music and climate changing ..loved it a lot,1
my muzix : nice concept but not working properly graphic was awesome ... but need improvement,0
lvz : amazing game but i have one complaint. can you make the pause button transparent or invisible until clicked on.,1
andy hong : this game is as stunningly beautiful and fun to play as the ios version -- except for the totally annoying monetization scheme. you're forced to watch a video ad if you want to replay a level (otherwise,0
devastated-hermit : when i go onto the game the title comes up and then a black screen,0
s v santhosh kiran : game is fantastic with great visuals that are eye soothing but needs improvement in stunts and new levels. but till now it's a fantastic game.,1
nathan lee : it keeps on saying that this app has stopped,1
your assasin : total hype lost interest in minutes,1
harry cott : really nice game and sound design. when i tried sharing the app to my brother,1
mar snook : i have the same problem with locking up my asus asus . turn off the wi-fi works great,0
lorenzo gayles : the graphics are beautiful. there is no glitches in the game. it's addictive. all the challenges so far are not too easy,1
kresten kjeldgaard : the initial set was ok,1
nadia ho : it's beautiful and addictive. some people might have problems with the dark scenes but i think that's what the developers wanna do with the difficulties. keep it up!,1
tom pedersen : when starting the game still hangs after the title. black screen only and music can be heard in the background. asus memo pad as well as nexus tv.pls fix it.,0
anthony stiehr : this game is pointless. what is it about a guy sliding down a hill and hitting rocks is fun. and why is there a points system? you can't even do tricks,1
ivixionz : this game is cool and it doesn't need internet to use it and by the way it has great graphics and that's why i gave them 5 stars because they earn it.,0
vidit dhanalakota : same concept game.. nothing so different from other games. but it was refreshing.,1
sam den : beautiful view n music,1
milad tanvir : only improvement for now that i can think of is to keep the screen always awake when the app is running because when i don't touch the screen,0
michael mullet : my favorite game on both ios and android. i used to own an ipod before my moto g2 and played it constantly. when it finally came out on the play store i rushed to get it. i've been happily playing it ever since.,1
jared casas : it is pretty fun. i like the graphics and i like games that you can do tricks. but i don't know if the game changes the language.,1
matt flaherty : can't even finish the tutorial as nothing happens after i fall into the chasm.,1
june : loved it from the start. love the scenery how it changes from night to day. the warrior chasing you is a fun challenge as well lol. by far the cleanest ui i've seen on a game on android. well made well played,1
connor b. : had a couple of hours into the game when it crashed and progress reset. still have the google play achievements to prove it.,0
mayra brown : there aren't any interruptions with ads or the game asking for the player to rate it like similar apps. the quick missions the game assigns to each level are a fun type of challenging that keep you playing persistently.,0
christian genov : game is very fun and a great way to burn time when there is nothing else to do! i love the fact that the time of day changes as you game for a little while. definitely a game worth the download! download it and add it to your collection,1
paul wolffer : game just stays on the jump chasm portion w/o restarting,1
david malafant : looks like a top game,1
a google user : i used to rate this app 5 stars,1
alfred allen : i love this game graphics are the best and so emotional game makes you cry,1
isaac kho : would be awesome if you guys could give points for airtime and fix the physics behind landing after a 360,0
peter nicholas bravato : normally i am not a fan of endless running games,1
dj swindla : i installed this game for the first time,1
a google user : its a fantastic game and the graphics are really good. my suggestion would be to add some snowboard tricks to make the game even more thrilling.,1
mirza munshee : this game is truly beautiful. the music is excellent,1
irfan adhrevi : keep getting black screen after the alto's loading screen,0
vladimir velez : i failed the chasm jump and restarted. now i seem to be unable to get past the chasm jump. the game just sits there at the chasm not prompting me to restart.,0
manoj nayak : great game. the screen times out so have to jump unnecessarily crashing most of the times. pls fix it,0
debayan paul : i am spell bound. no faults could be found. always keep this up.,1
jose cancino : it is unclear on how to land a back flip. i'm not sure if i'm not understanding or what,1
aman : the game's good but if you add some more tricks like in real snowboard. it would be more awesome. add more characters and their abilities too.,1
daniel alvarez : where most runner games are just fun for a bit and later stressful for the remainder of your playing time.... alto makes use of it's beautiful graphics and sounds for a relaxing and yet thrilling adventure.,1
sarah s. : this is a wonderful game. people are complaining that it won't load on their tablet,1
vishal madhav : usually there is nothing in the play store to play with until now. this game is by far the best i've ever played. hats off to the developers,1
johnathan hall : very well written and directed the game seems to flow very smooth and i like how u can save across multiple devices. samsung galaxy s 3 working perfect.,1
ld : i barely like games but this one is among those. simple and fantastic. this is how games should be... wish it was little more than just jumps,1
atinesh singh : yes you heared me right,1
aesthention : fun but very very irritating when it goes dark/night out,1
alan crawford : fun game looks good game play is fluid. eats up way to much battery an has background data use that is very suspect. will have to uninstall,1
edln : im loving the bgm that seams smoothly with the beautiful artwork graphics. i especially love how there are day & night and weather systems for variation. perhaps revise the cost for upgrading and add in more content and it is 5 stars.,1
mario de jesus : this is one of play stores rare elegant games. it delivers on all notes. playability,1
beboch yoh : its the best game thats avaible on android now for sure. great graphics cool characters + its challenging,1
lucas pearson : great game lots of fun good work put in.,1
jet lazaro : its such an amazing game and i find myself immersed into something so simple.,1
rodrigo contreras : this game looks amazing. the gameplay is simple...just tap or hold. wish they would add cloud game save feature to play on multiple devices with same levels and earned coins.,0
chahat kalsi : sometimes when the game starts,1
boyen van gorp : i don't like f2p,1
garlicmonoxide jr : fluid simple controls. i love the graphics and the audio is great with headphones. i would like to drop a few bucks for the game and rid of the ads,0
tuah idzwan r : doesnt work on asus zenfone. installed and when open,1
josh christensen : gay. boring.. not fun. lame version of ski safari 2. don't waste your time. this game only has 1000 downloads for a reason. uninstalling now. garbage.,0
donny : the art is really great and i don't see anything wrong but it would be nice to be able to include more characters in it,1
jared wicklein : the visuals are really great and i like that the ads are optional to continue your run.,1
abdullah algarni : rarely i rate a game or an app after trying for the first time and this game is one of them. the ads are made very beautiful without disturbing the user or the interface. it deserves a 5 stars.,0
king inferno : it crashes instantly as soon as i go to play it,1
bart rybarczyk : this game looks gorgeous on my new blackberry priv phone. nice music,1
justin cook : screen fades to black and makes it hard to see which makes me lose. fix that and its good,1
raziel plascecia : great simple fun game to get insanely addicted to. and awesome goals set to try and conquer! the games give you more the more you play it. no money spent here!,1
jose fernandes : the video player doesn't works on my nexus 10. can't revive,1
rahul m : best guys keep it up.really after long time i have installed a proper game,1
mathew sullivan : we need another golf game. this is the only reason i'm writing a review. alto's is a great game,1
jason peng : stellar. the graphics are beautiful,1
numan kayser : i absolutely love it. i like the design and the mechanics of the game.....i only wish you guys could add some extra maps,1
patrik glodzhani : great game so far,1
daniel szilagyi : very minimal art style that reminds me of the beauty of monument valley with the game mechanics of ski patrol with a subtle soundtrack,1
helen wood : a sweet game simple but engaging the music is a master peace. can't put it down. if u are stressed this is the game to calm u down. best game i've played for ages.,1
joe bailey : nice graphics and sound is great with headphones. game play could be more involved. i'd love to see more games in this style!,1
jonathan delorenzo : one of the most beautiful and greatest games you will ever play. the attention to detail and the heart that went into this game shows in every aspect.,1
ayush singh : the game is too good in terms of graphics and is addictive..but still it requires a little bit of touch up regarding the controls and boosts...overall its cool nd a competitive high end game,1
mark blasty : just shows title screen then kicks me back to my home screen. worthless.,0
manager rosson : one thing i would like you to add is the aroura; the lights in the sky! it would make this game even better,1
datboinate 22 : graphics are amazing the music and mood it brings it's just wonderful. this is a must get app. i bet in every comment it will say relaxing.,1
john covello : the graphics and presentation are stunning. the gameplay is fun and challenging,1
siddharth satyanath : i love this game. it must be one of the most soothing games that i have ever played,1
clavvy : it's easy to pick up and play. charming with loveable atmosphere and high replay value. easily among the best games out there!,1
zach hyatt : this is a great little app! fun to play seriously,1
javier lara valdes : the game gets stuck after the logo shows up,1
rich miller : i would give it five stars but it sucks my battery and turns my phone super hot. other than that,1
jonathan lugo : not better than ski safari,1
marty macaoidh : enjoying this game. the graphics are really cool,1
riley moses : same thing over and over. goals don't count if you've done them before,0
adam britton : downloaded this as i loved it on ios. all the trees and the rock are bright green so u can hardly make sence of what is there. hopefully a fix for this soon,1
mohammad omidvar : it has a delightful graphic but the gameplay is boring after a while.,0
bigdaddy : this game is amazing. one of the best on the market. gorgeous visuals,1
vladimir stankovic : beatiful scenery but character is to small and you cannot focus.,1
adam jacob : this is an incredibly designed app,1
wael abdelkader : the game indie style in graphics with awesome music and cool gameplay makes it a speed coming masterpiece,1
brandon a : i have an asus memo pad 7 lte and i can't play this app. that bug is still there. i open the app and it just stays a black screen. also it lags to open up the home button to exit the app. i hope this problem is fixed soon. :),0
ankur : got really hooked to this. so simple to start,1
carl t. : to revive the main character. no need to continue. add a paid version with no ads if you want my time. until then,1
roderick van de ven : the explanation of when to jump for example is not explained well enough. great graphics but needs better instructions,0
edc_knife_collection : this game is absolutely amazing it almost seems like there was a cinematographer or something like that i don't know what the right word would be but it really transports you into a new world and the scenery is incredible. it allows you to have fun with the game all while actually relaxing you,1
hemanth kumar : the art style is unbelievably beautiful! the music is also great. the night and day system is amazing,1
jabir ansari : it might be the best material design game out there.. its even deserves more than 5,1
brian trees : a very calming,1
aj moler : i usually don't play a lot of running games,1
melvin inman : i like to pretend i'm knocking out the lamas or breaking their necks lol,1
john ricketts : as the title states. way too many adds. the gameplay isn't too good either. talk about over hyping a game... they did.,0
jacob hackman : it's simplistic design and smooth gameplay make it hard to put down. can't wait for the next update!,1
pierre-aurelien sp : everything is great: the music,1
ali hasan : i love the wing suit. i had only about 4000 coins but by watching some videos i was able to earn more than 8000 in one sitting.,1
kundan kumar : they cheated the whole game of ski safari and they think it as innovation. noodlecake studios are the biggest cheater's. don't download it,0
denuvo : this game is beyond awesome the graphics...omg the graphics and minimal design are awesome i wish there were more games like this..i wish there was a multiplayer feature but i'm sure the dev is working on a better update...anyway this app is fricken awesome..when i say that i mean it.. and when it went into night mode i had an orgasmic feeling,1
bradley holland : dear noodlecake studios,1
kaustav halder : you guys could increase the frequency of magnets and feathers present in the game. it's almost rare,1
jonathan : i will open the app but it kicks me out looks like a fun game but i can't play,1
tyler bird : i'm using a nextbook and after the title screen it just brings me to a black screen. please fix! like if you agree.,0
guillermo valentin : this game is simple,1
eric : i can't see anything during night time you really need to add more light or a head lamp to see,1
orangepuffs ; : it does everything right. the graphics,1
nathan trinkle : the controls are simple,1
okto aditya suryawirawan : after the last 2 update,0
mitchell swafford-cobb : more tricks would perfect it,1
ananth raju : very beautifully designed game! very fun to play as well,1
kevin de chantal : its such a simple,1
connor mckenney : its just beautiful music and you dont ever rage when you mess up,1
vandersulai : it has great soundtracks and gameplay sure was fun. the art is so calm and makes you feel warm yet cold inside as well because of its blending technique,1
miguel cruz : won't work,1
joshua johnson : first when i saw it i thought it would be a aggravating weird game but when i started playing i quickly realized it deserved best app award.,1
aaron dana : open the app for two seconds,1
jordan sobrino : it's pretty,1
louis martin : needs more tricks and upgrades,1
jack wiedner : wonderful game with stunning visuals,1
mtn bkr : (money). just a simple side scroller. nothing stunning about the art. played for about 5 min. uninstall,1
josh bailey : game was fun for a while,1
david bosse : best endless runner game i've ever played. engaging,1
roman tymchyk : i'm glad i ran into this. i just started playing but the game is great! i love the art style and the fluid gameplay. i see that others enjoy the background music but i wish there was something a little less 'stock'.,1
hugo vermaak : beautiful game. can't stop playing it. wish there were more games with this graphical style.,1
priyesh monu : minimal design at its best. visual delight. i played it for hours just to appreciate the amazing design. game play is a bit slow tough.,1
akshay dudhwala : it's have minor bugs to do fix otherwise awesome game,1
george chislett : i absolutely love the game it is relaxing and addicting. the only way to understand me is to just get the game.,1
babin dass : u will play to unlock the goat,1
ariza putra : this kind of graphic style is always my favorite for a mobile game. plus,1
amy wiles : such a lovely game,1
jit : very good game with good mechanics and graphics. addictive,1
dalton cooper : the game runs smoothly,1
ricky irawan : i can play it all day long... just if my battery is not run out. very fun game and challenging,1
danny emmons : just make sure you have lots of time to waste,1
titus ristomo : zenfone2,1
mike d : beautiful graphics,1
reese b : for some reason i can't see the whole screen.,1
maxwell cunningham : this game is very beautiful. simple art style and extremely easy to play. i would recommend this to anyone.,1
davit chkheidze : there is a little bug,1
kara b : this game is very nice to look at. it's well designed,1
- zero - : the game is beautiful runs 100% perfectly,1
mohammed issa : one of the best games in noddlecake studios,1
jj west : great game. beautiful graphics. great music and sound effects. i love how it changes from day to night to rain to snow.,1
aslamanaz abdulla : this game is wonderfull.i dont even played such a beautiful game.the day night process is mindblowing.but strain has to be given much at evng and night becauze there is no light to see......niceeeeee,1
calvin yap : smooth gameplay and beautiful graphics. ice caverns,1
prasidya dibya zaidan : going down the hills through sunset accompanied with an amazing background music,1
josh grimes : great game,1
aya gonzalez : awesome game,1
kyle jacques : i can only rate it on the title screen,1
ayan hassan sr. : great graphics with beautiful visuals ,1
caspar hickman : this game is great!! the look,1
hobie helbich : a simple,1
balram nair : this game has got me hooked! insane graphics and superb controls. but takes some time to get used to the physics of the game. overall its a 5 ;),1
babar m : i have been looking for game like this for ages now. it's the perfect way to spend time playing a game you don't get bored of. the graphics are amazing,0
gavin woodruff : it is very beautiful to look at,1
dalton bednar : this is awesome. no ads,1
kshitiz pathania : the game is same as many other in market i.e ski safari . it also has almost same pointing system as many others i.e collecting collecting coins. thigh the the only thing that one may like is new kinda graphics used in game.,0
burnzy : this is by far the most addicting game i have. the only thing holding back 5 stars is that there are very little power ups and some more game modes would be nice but overall a great game,1
paul romeo : fantastic looking game. the game runs at a fantastic rate and is beautiful in every aspect. contrary to other reviews i have gotten exactly zero ads besides when trying to revive,0
francis xavier : the game is flawless. beautiful graphics,1
amey chavan : one of the best i've ever played. mesmerising visuals,1
josiahtempro : they should add a few things like a speed boost just saying,0
jankens : awesome game,1
ben liu : not sure why i'd bothered with this game. basically the same game as ski safari 1& 2 with silhouette graphics. if you already got ski safari 2,0
andrew olseen : the only thing to add,1
bryce hart : this game keeps me coming back with its awesome ambient soundtrack and beautiful artstyle. it's also really fun,1
neil griffith : i installed this about 3 hours ago and i'm just now putting it down to write this review,1
ryan menzies : a very fun little game with gorgeous visuals. the goals do a good job of keeping the game from getting repetitive. the only thing keeping this from getting 5 stars is that lack of google play cloud save. really disappointing.,1
tanay agarwal : do you know that the background music 'hangs' sometimes. i started to do so when i crossed level 40 .,1
jacob novick : its just the same thing to do over and over again,0
clan wars : i got a app that slows gameplay so i love this game i can go on endless runs.,1
jack : it is a fun mobile game. you don't need wifi or anything. its fun and i can play for hours.,1
deniyanto sorip : it's definitely a casual game with breathtaking designs. the background and the music fit so perfectly with the gameplay. really love this game!,1
casiano aguirre : this game is so simple yet,1
carlos balagtas : this is my new favorite game. top-notch graphics and gameplay,1
kingdiamondroyal benjamin : these graphics are too great for only 1,1
4syrxf ' : this game has just the thing,1
immanuel zemichael : it is so amazing that every time i play it i play dubstep i love it so much the day to night feature to the scenery if there more than five stars i'd give this game 83/10 lol waaabbbbb whhhaaabb,1
crispyn : don't focus on the objectives too much if you can help it. just ride.,1
uniworkhorse : though i love the game,1
shay the mighty mighty : i download. it at it won't start it says it stops working in the loading screen,0
geoff geltner : very simple game yet incredibly engaging! i love how it's very easy to play yet still challenging at the same time. i highly recommend it.,1
mike l : crazy lag on stock nexus 6,1
idiotic pirate : the gameplay is simple and easy to control with great graphics. the art of this game is so simple and the audio is smooth. 5/5,1
iffa elia : i took the hasle to give a review for this game bcos it deserves it!,1
cleon aristo : it really is very well made but i wish that there was a way i could upgrade my attributes. such as,0
family acct : you guys made this look so amazing! i play this game a lot! one thing,1
ike henson : i had no idea a game could have such beautiful graphics on phone it's also a lot of fun to play and i never get bored,1
anirudh sharma : awesome graphics but it lacks concept and its pretty boring from the second run,1
im just a cake : this game deserves five stars from everybody. the changing of weather in the game is so realistic and it adds just that much more to what it has to offer. and the music is peaceful,0
tobias britton : it has really good graphics and it is so challenging and fun. way better than ski safari. i highly recommend it,1
fergal blanchard : every time i open it freezes before i can even play it,1
madison chambers : omg love it so additing and plus no wifi play perfect game,1
daffa satria : +nice graphics +great environment +enjoyable music -boring after several times -expensive items -hard to play,1
ngurah katra : doesnt work with my asus..hang after the opening song,1
gokulvanan : this game got some beautiful viewing experience and gameplay is also fine. give a try . worth playing....,1
joshua san diego : the game is so smooth and has a vibrant display of colors and the environment. the ability of leveling up to gain more characters is genius. props to the makers of this one!,1
dion smith : one of the most beautiful games everything is awesome i love the music. i hope you guys win a lot of awards for this.,1
landen gould : first app i have legitimately loved in years. has amazing music and fun simple game play.,1
north : beautiful game that works flawlessly on my phone,1
collin sutherland : great,1
teije : this is just a ski safari clone,1
abhijeet chandratre : but nothing much to do in game. more of a stress buster than thrill based. but quite good..,1
mards leonard subido : it is really good but the pause menu isn't scaled properly. please fix it,1
john saborido : great game! i have to report a bug tho. the sounds get doubled when played on bluetooth headphones! :) please fix!,1
omar nooristani : love the game,1
sandeep sidhu : but pressing forward button only moves in anticlockwise but not in clockwise. please make that button too.,0
thomas degroff : simple and fun,1
jonathan lewis : rare is the game that makes me smile,1
ignas ciurlionis : very cute looking game! awesome mechanics,1
golu kumar : alto'a adventure is a great game no doubt in that except for some bugs like goal section in pause menu is not updateing and the pause menu it self is not at it's right place i.e. on the right side of the screen.please fix these bugs as soon as possible.,0
abilash a : sounds better but if they give soundtrack files when we install this app it will be much better... we can hear those soundtracks whenever to change our moods....,1
megan hare : this keeps crashing after the title screen on my s4.,0
sumit ghosh : you can admire the creativity all day long. it's simple and easy to play,1
landon hamilton : while im flipping it stops flipping i guess easy fix though just use 2 fingers just kinda annoying.,0
savannah prosser : such a pretty game! moves so smoothly too. can't quite get the jumping over ledges yet but i'll get there eventually,1
albertus hendra : got black screen with music after title,1
pablo perinetti : i can see the opening screen and the black screen....,0
steven meyer-rassow : there's something very soothing and relaxing about playing this game. great artwork and smooth,1
marcos cadena : this is amazing plus its like i have power and the thing i like is the hoverfether,1
chris klopfenstein : nothing new,1
nathan goss : the graphics are brilliant. i love the changing time. it looks astounding. the game play is smooth and flawless. great game.,1
emanuel valle : beautiful graphics and love the music.... everything seems perfect...maybe adding more unique items in the workshop later on or maybe something unique every few updates...great work on this one...hope to see more games like this,1
brad ohsann : very neat game,1
andres barragan : i love the music and graphics! keep up the good work! and the best thing is free!,1
joriivan ethan : but the pause button in the bottom left is annoying me it should be moved. also sometimes the game doesn't receive my taps,0
yaser ahmed mohammed : my favorite game ever on ios has its arrival.,1
rahil : it doesnt having much energy to jump during first trial,1
molly cobrador : only forced runner game where i can relax! beautiful graphics. perfect for anyone who wants a stunning game that you don't get bored playing.,1
taimoor hashmi : i loved it on the ios and i love it on android just the same! beautiful,1
stanley evans : easily the best app i've played all year. if you're a fan of casual infinite runners,1
skyler v : i keep falling of the ledges and nothing happens. uninstalled asap. waste of time.,1
a google user : it's at best an ok game,1
leonardo yip : everything is beautiful,1
steven voronko : i love games with these types of graphics because they are simple yet beautiful. and the game play has a good story behind it!,1
london harp : this whole game is so aesthetic and addicting! it's a great game for quiet nights when you're alone and bored,1
antonio arroyas : beautiful graphics with a minimalist style that reminds me of monument valley. it's an action game with simple controls and soothing music. best game i've played in 2016 so far. runs perfectly on my nexus 6p.,1
jamie keogh : great game with a really pretty style. the music fits perfectly,1
josh price : force closes at opening screen,1
llyr bowen : an amazing game so glad that they included the welsh language (cymraeg) in it. thank you,1
zakk black : i like the gameplay,1
girish anand dorah : please fix blackout screen during game play its so annoying.,0
gregory gillespie : a truely gorgeous game,1
dreadbot : its kinda boring wouldn't say the worst but it's lame,0
audric wang : beautiful graphics,1
josh kv : great game!!! fun to pass the time... quality graphics and level system. maybe add a few more tricks like a front flip or something,1
legend644 : one of my favorite games. stunning art style and addicting game mechanics. i would love a frontflip option though.,1
gandes krisantyo : despite all the good reviews,1
ryan g : absolutely a 5* game! beautiful artwork,1
bradan taylor : great graphics,1
greg l : pretty fun game! perhaps implement some sort of upgrade system that would allow you to improve flipping speed and jumping. maybe a daily bonus as well.,1
rodrigo premazzi : after the title,1
larissa oliveira : my new favorite game. i love played this game. it's simple and beautiful with small details. congratulations for all people that produce this game.,1
matthew parish : love this game.. its simplistic but just works.. the colours are amzing,1
dennis moh : why there suddenly appeared a hut out of the blue and some elder chasing you until a chasm? it's a bit to challenging to shake off that guy. and...the chasm is sometimes impassable even i jumped perfectly.,1
chase isacs : definitely should download so fun never get board never i recommend you download it,1
billy mann : i can hear first start up sounds but just stays as black screen and doesn't launch fully! please fix,0
robert garcia : the artwork is the best and smoothest i've ever seen,1
rin onishi : i absolutely love this game! it's beautiful,1
nishant_nr7 : just cant believe its so amusing. been playing for hours. one of the best games ever,1
yogeshwaran kannan : i would give 5 stars before i start play coz the visual of the game is absolutely amazing. it pulls me to download nd play the game. i hope the game must b very interesting nd entertaining so tat then it deserves 5 stars . lets see !,1
tim hurley : after i installed i immediately played this game for an hour and a half straight and got to level 10,1
robert nagle : beautiful scenery and no ads and doesn't lag or cause problems,0
julian dawkins : best visuals i've seen in a mobile game in a long time.,1
kathy jakala : i will say it's kind of boring and it gets me frustrated but other than that its a pretty good game,1
ryan suwito : but this is easily the most beautiful game i've ever played on a handheld device.,1
aron sullivan : great game,1
bruno uliano : a very good game,1
jacopo volpin : i love it,1
adam : this was the only app that i missed on my ipad and now i'm so glad i can play it again. thank you for porting to android!,1
thediamondsmuglers : hello noodlecake i absolutely love your new game "alto" but if you want it to get better i have a few ideas for improvement: add more upgrades as there is little to what you can upgrade,1
ahmad salmin : dont waste you're time,1
rice man : very addictive game. things don't cost money,1
sovanjan banerjee : nothing to say anything about it.awesome background music also,1
lame : no glitches or bugs. has amazing art style and very easy to use. i recommend this game for anyone,1
kiran5456 : cool idea and fun to play,1
hussein abbas : this game is awesome! i really great game to have fun with outside house or when u r waiting for a bus or something like that! love it,1
anoop surej : i've waited for this game to be released on android ever since i saw the gameplay in ios. its a beautifully crafted game with the right amount of physics elements. the soundtrack is soothing and gorgeous. more ios games should be released on android. in short,1
marilyn martinez : its fine but its keep on freezeing plz fix that my unchkel is playing fine with that plz fix it,0
brad mcconnell : game was working great until the character froze in mid air,1
dovile strimiene : the graphics were amazing but can you add new characters and more power ups.and can you add new areas like a moutain and the mount evrest. other then that the game is cool!,1
atom : this game is gorgeous. hope they make more artistic games like this. so far no issues with the game.,1
jess : i really enjoy playing this game! it also scares me when the man comes after my player!,1
matt mosher : not bad. gets old fast. not much there as far as gameplay.,0
michael ortiz : very well made and the artwork is fantastic. hope to see more games from you guys!,1
jeff cilenti : nice game! however,1
waytobe kelsey : it's addictive and amazingly designed. great graphics,1
jack sharp : still had black screen after first boot up.... my device is a hudl 2.,0
duke sen : the controls are easy and the music is just great. i find myself playing this for hours and still its just great. thanks for this great distraction!! :),1
roban thomas : cute and artistic visuals with atmospheric weather sounds and a day night cycle. it has more to offer than games similar to this. it's also a nice quick relaxing game... reminds me of the game 'journey'.,1
jared burton : i'm still having the issue where it hangs on the black screen after the title logo. looks like it would be fun though. i'll re rate once it's fixed and i get to actually play it tho.,1
sam harris : can't stop playing,1
tyler coggins : this is one of those games that you can pass the time with. it has soothing music,1
klaudijus i. : when you hit the rock and go flying,1
shreyas vivek : sickeningly awesome graphis and music is too good more characters are needed,1
beo bang : this is by far one of the best games i have ever played,1
neel dey : i liked the graphics as compared with this sized games but it is kind of geometrycal,1
patrick massie : great all around game. play it anywhere,1
sayantan maiti : you'll love the parallax awesomeness this relaxing game has.,1
nicholas leong : free to play with iap and an option to revive once by viewing a video ad which i think is fair,1
nathanael vidhi : still black screen,1
akash barve : the game does not start at all on asus zenfone 2,0
a google user : one of the best games i'll ever play in my life,1
eric aiello : beautiful landscapes,1
martino campagnetto : song plays but nothing just a black screen hudl 2,1
prateek joshi : it's such a good game. i never thought a game could be so soothing. amazing graphics!!,1
melroy dantes : amazing game,1
maurice hackshaw : simple,1
john carlo tibayan : such cool. much amazing. very like,1
philip jones : i like the game,1
david : yet so beautiful and outstanding! great time waster.,1
earnest udin : only play when feel bored but its fun,1
anjani bhardwaj : i never thought there will be another game as beautiful as the monument valley but here it is... kudos to the developers....,1
swaroop ghule : love the crazy adventure and the mind bobling flips and stunts,1
marc torres : the graphics and sound design are absolutely beautiful. very addictive as well. overall and awesome game,1
samim samim : it starts showing error after a level of around 31,1
shyla wolf : it was bad animations and disqualify the ads,0
nate leary : best game ever. it's beautiful,1
abdulqadir abdulghani : it deserves a 5 star,1
jam boy : i would rather pay a high purchase price than put up with the intrusive adds,1
glen buckner : the art style and soothing music is a nice alternative to the typical snowboard app.,1
ting yee chang : graphic 2.5 wow. gameplay simple yet addicted. 5 for awesome game.,1
swayam bhowmick : its such an amazing game. very addicting too. i will definitely recommend to try it.,1
anumey sharma : truly a work of art... the game has one of the most beautiful sceneries,1
xenon the dragon : this game is beautiful and unpredictable. everybody should play this game,1
hob gobliin : this game is the definition of fun! it has great graphics and outstanding game mechanics. i love doing flips and stunts! i have high expectations for you and your further work,1
b bos : the art style and mechanics are perfect. this is an awesome take on the endless runner genre,1
natasha spice : doesn't load. just have black screen after title screen,0
raissa a : this game is very fun and addicting the one that makes the game awesome is the graphics and this is the best game i download and this game is awsome evryone loves it,1
john murphey : one of the most sleekest interfaces of any fone game i've ever played,1
kavali krishna : boring game we experting more,1
pranay dixit : the game just works perfectly.love the visuals,1
amirul mukminin : great game,1
joseph connelly : i've been waiting for this game to come to android. it's gorgeous. it's free without ads. it makes it that much better!,1
satish pradhan : such a great game ... the design and gameplay is so simple and unique. reminds me of limbo. a wonderful addtion to android.,1
alan costa : not a bad game from a design standpoint but still a shameless ripoff of ski safari. movin' on.,1
isaac hill : as a youtube gaming community this would have to be one of the best looking games of 2015,1
india childs : visually this game is simply a triumph- i really enjoyed the music,1
kalen v : omg omg omg that's the best thing i've ever seen that is awesome,1
gemma jones : the most satisfying game on my phone right now!,1
aikhoje alakhume : so easy to master just got it today and it was my friends who introduced me to the trend,1
alex merrill : plays out really fast. thers only on button,1
mr shaks : you should add more stuff to the game and make the rocks more visible at night bcuz i keep falling over them when i cant see them even when my brightness is up,0
yong ling : simple yet beautiful visual art,1
lord zoltan : so this is a ski safari clone. the problem is,1
tangcangco rodney : i like this game but some bugs are really break my game,1
eat the oleander : i get black screen whenever i launch it! please help!,1
ronel miko canales : the upgrades cost too much like the wingsuit and the llama horn. also would you put some coin rewards in doing tricks ? that's all. thanks,1
rohan bhardwaj : thank you for this game i have been waiting for this game long time,1
chum drum : i only got this app today,1
saint jibbz : why do you need device data history,1
cloud drako : this game us so beautiful!!!! it also runs amazingly +highly recommend to anybody but please devs make it easier to see rocks,1
andrikpm : it is the type of game i have been looking for because i have been bored with all the other games available because they dont have the style of gaming i want vut this game does fill that hole of satisfaction for gaming that i have been so craving.,0
alastair nicholl : stunning graphics and simple gameplay makes this game addictive and a joy to play.,1
david green : great artwork,1
kye rafferty : the quality of this game is superb. really surprised that it is free. one of the top 5 games for sure,1
krishna teja : no comment s . & super & very nice . music is relaxing game is very mind relaxing.,1
tony ni : would be good but i hate it when it changes to night,1
peter child : amazingly crisp visuals a long with fun and addictive gameplay with a good reward system. 5/5,1
mani teja : just a black screen not more than that..!,1
carlos de armas : the game is absolutely beautiful,1
amelia deng : one of the rare games on google play. love how the background changes.,1
soniel otero : i mean,1
sharath satish : a truly addictive game!! just couldn't be any better.. the music is soothing to the ears!!,1
amber vu : i've got this game in the app store on apple but costs money,1
stephanie rose : this game is super fun,1
cameron wynn : loved this game,1
abhilash malguri : a beautiful juxtaposition of childhood daredevilry and matured childishness.,1
magesh sridhar : the game is perfect.. but the fps is horrible.. iam using an oneplus x and it lags a lot!! please fix it with an update,0
stephen peyton : can't stop playing. simple and fun,1
a google user : graphics flow is amazing. game play is easy,1
shashank champ : i lv dis game.... better than temple run... bt plzz i dont to play dis game in night... ita lok very good in day,1
mersilviah george : amazing and easy to play. it also helps relax you.hmm...i wish life was like this game,1
lee doherty : won't go past black screen after logo,0
andrea de la fuente : its so much fun to play it. i love the graphics and the game its self,1
bernie kappler : ski safari clone thats just not as good. better controls are desperately needed. if ur going to copy an idea at least try to make it better than the original !! the restrictive nature of the character kills it for me !!,0
spencer d : i had all power ups unlocked then randomly had to restart my progress... please fix,0
stefan graves : i love it when the elders chase after me because it gives me fear,1
ramandeep malhotra : just when i'd given up on infinite runners!,1
jnandeep dev sarma : 1st game i play in android that changes time... great concept sir!,1
samir kushwaha : great job done by the developers. game works absolutely fine in lower end devices too. am in love with this game!,1
alissa asocar : the graphics and artwork of this game are extremely beautiful,1
rakesh nair : such a peaceful experience,1
anush a : amazing game! and oh,1
austin emery : i love the game but i would like to see front flips and such added.,1
daniel natoli : stunning graphics (flawless!),1
tavis bader : graphics are really nice to look at,1
vikrant ghadge : doesn't work on my asus zenfone 2! shows black screen!,0
miden raj : nice background visuals,1
kropiix tm : "alto stopped working" while trying to start the app,1
bouli neige : i have bought this game on my iphone,1
laia croissantini : really nice graphics and music,1
aiden : such a good game! credit where credit is due,1
rizki apriadana : the app doesn't start - asus fonepad 8,1
reid anderson : had this for iphone. happy it's finally on droids.,1
alexis duran : i love this game because it's so pretty and it's addicting i play it whenever i have free time it's so fun and beatiful,1
vaibhav manocha : i love it. great gameplay. it's not too repetitive. an absolute joy to play,1
a google user : i enjoyed this game a lot so i purchase the double coin to support developer.,1
rajbabloo majhi : usually i dont rate games but i would like 2 give 5 * for this wonderful game,1
umar kayani : as always you've outdone yourselves noodlecake! great game,1
aaron elliott : great graphics,1
jasmin mair : no update available for me. will update the review once i can try it out!,1
joseph boshart : i dont really play games but this is the game it has beautifull graphics and a great theam a1,1
dylan winters : this game sucked ecause of that stupid pause,1
tarek ahmad : i don't know why it pauses,1
elioenai roberto pro : good and simple graphics,1
rionald chancellor : stunning yet simple from the game play to the graphics. well done!,1
rj deke : the background and visuals are astounding! this game makes me happy :),1
shashank shandilya : but screen is not staying awake while playing.... in redmi note,0
nikita narang : very beautiful game but the screen gets very dark during the night scene and its hard to see the words,1
sagar sonawane : super awesome music effects and graphics.,1
moynank mulchandani - 66 : it feels like heaven and actually feels like u are skeeing in heaven.,1
isabella gonzalez : this game is so cute and it has great graphics. the music is very relaxing!,1
_y.g nxthxn_ : very good but if you could get different snowboards that either match characters abilities or mix and match abilities. for example maya has a board that makes her flip even faster or you could add the board to paz,1
shinta puspita : challenging,1
alexander nezhelsky : asus zenfone 2 ze551ml - black screen after the title,0
kaloyan bratoev : amazing animation and effects. very well for the winter season :-),1
itsyaboiomar : game runs solid and a very calm game can you just maybe add a shop for accesories to purchase with coins?,1
michael williams : great game very addictive,1
andy dante : i like it. user interface make me comfort to playing this game. good,1
soumen ganguly : the music is wonderful...i felt refreshed after half an hour of gameplay...the interface is also very good...overall very good,1
lele sinonim : i just play this game so i share. with my freind so my freind. like it to. so i too,1
amir akid marwilis amir hakim : prettty damn good! best time waster....only that its hard when night cuz you barely see rocks....btw its awesome,1
jitu rajkhowa : i don't like this game... it's boring. and the graphics are really bad,1
brandon frazier : if only because it has llamas,1
jaydeep hasmukhlal : from graphics to animation to the dynamic day and night. it's perfect in every way.,1
eris d : best android game i played in a long time,1
samantha hoover : sahweet game. my valentine and i played it together all night.,1
muhamed ajihar : wow amazing graphis and which is tell about how nature are beautiful... mind bloing game,1
igor : absolutely love this game,1
rohan c : i paid for the double coins so why give me adds? i understand the adds you chose to continue or gain gold but giving me an add when i end my run seems insane when i already paid the premium cost of it?,0
vishal. bhat : kills the time so perfectly. but need some extra stuff to make it higher level fun. snow board game always rocks,1
suman bhaumik : hangs after title music. reinstalled but still the same,0
amos rhee : really do enjoy and love the "minimalist" graphics in this game.,1
martin waller : love this game,1
derek nguyen : app can't run,1
atanu bhattacharjee : plz plz plz optimise the game... its have lagging a lot,1
rhys hou : great graphics.simple but challenging game play.,1
kane cassidy : just black screen on my device,1
nathan penkert : this is beautiful,1
laura varanda : such a wonderful game! simple to learn,1
landon jensen : i thought it would be a copy of a original game but its really fun.,1
jester : this game looks so majestic,1
j alva : just see stars and nothing else..,1
shirish tawde : i was jst searching for new game nd i got best one !!,1
ghostfinger63 : great game very first to download,1
mhan raj : ..... it irritates when u can't revive unless watch a video or pay few coins... life should be taken back with few any options or collect extra life in the run etc.,0
davis odom : beautiful game. amazing aesthetic. zen and exciting at the same time. loving this so far.,1
deryk michel : i love the game,1
lwrc fng : serenity and tranquility from a game i did not expect. well done!,1
amsher : awesome game. you have to try it. the music is just fantastic.,1
amy ray : i wonder if it was made by the same people who made monument valley...,1
a google user : already bought this for an apple device and it was awesome! this is no different,1
kodiak young : great mobile game! easy to learn and have fun playing.,1
bryan wallick : if kanya west was to chose which he liked,1
haytham alrifai : fun to play while on the go. the objectives keep you playing everyday.,1
muhammad ghiyas yusron : really love the experience. nice graphics,1
ruhul alam choudhury : nice graphics,1
elijah flint : simply a beautiful game. wonderful dynamics and flow.,1
robert eli : i'm absolutely in love with the game! the visuals are beautiful,1
ph littleton : visually stunning,1
akkshhey banarkkar : awesome game. very addictive. changing scenario and background day is quite attractive.,1
a google user : this game is smooth,1
krishna prasad : sometimes,1
bruce pinkman : i have played many games,1
dead : it's like ski safari but with good graphics and music.,1
a google user : been waiting for so long for this to come to android! one of the best looking games on android.,0
antitty iii : the design of the game is just beautiful. nice work .,1
amr koptan : i love this game,1
benji : i love the art and music! keep up the amazing work!,1
diego alcaraz : this game is amazing. i think that it should win every award for a great game.,1
andre peden : great graphics,1
osheen acharya : this game is having smooth graphics and amazing visuals which attracts us while playing !!!!,1
anirban kopty : seems like a marshmallow game. the graphics,1
l_0ch g : very creative and innovative! amazing graphics and great music. this needs an award.,1
sarveshwaran raghupathy : would be fun if u guys could add more stunts other than the backflip,1
james ward : simple,1
kole chasteen : got this game when it just hit the market,1
mitch r. : update said they fixed it,0
arina nuha : simple game play,1
derek st. amand : i never review games but had to for this. absolutely brilliant app!,1
jacob becker : cant sync progress across devices. fix that and its a 5,1
lucky seven : adverts. i'd pay for the game,1
faddy black : wowwww i never regret it .. this game should get the award best game of 2016 ..,1
reza abang : good graphics and please add an avalaunch it will be much more funner with the avalaunch!!!,1
steven boon : nice visuals and song goes along with the background...keep up the work,1
joao vitor gonclaves : simple game,1
prem harshe : a must game for time pass. good graphics ang background display.,1
nayeem islam : this is one of those games.,1
devyne stephen : not a waste of time with amazing visuals and mechanics.also an amazing sound track,1
joel the pizza wizard : i think there should be more upgrades. more stuff to it.,1
subham limbu : i like how atmospheric the game is and yet so simple. a very well made game.,1
mayank malhotra : awesome graphics but it should contain any theme not like flawless running but its good,0
danny kellard : beautiful visuals,1
reginald holmes : really great game play. like the different endless running concept. nice!,1
anthi gaidartzi : amazing graphics for such a small,1
parodoxmusiq : i think this game is awesome keep it up.,1
kimchi 109 : really fun. i like the progression system. really great graphics and artwork. good music and sound.,1
desmomd valentine : great app great graphics,1
nishain de silva : totally fascinating. the visual and music is really calm and artistic.love it.,1
tiara amalia wulandari : love the game! simple,1
freak aniket : graphics are great,1
abhishek sherpa : graphics great .. need ufo's at night .. and also add some riding stuffs like reindeer.. but still great game ... no issues in my phone ... credits to editor.,0
henry bourne : i love it however i would love to be able to customize things more such as the way i look or the speed and manoeuvrability of alto,1
shubham singh : awesome graphics n sound,1
jason majie : after a few tries and once u learned how to play,0
maciej reuter-gargol : relaxing yet fun game. great design and mechanics. also nice slavic theme.,1
charlie briggs : no ad's,1
anas abrhm : simple. yet soothing and nice looking graphics. and sounds eftcs are great too.,1
lewis barthaud : make it easier to play across tablet/phone,1
ian lees : relaxing,1
muhsin hameed : the game has an awesome environment. the changing in day and night is super,1
james edwards : awesome game! its realy fun graphics are great. five stars!,1
erikkans : i'll give it a 17 pizzas outta 17 burgers for this game. would eat it,1
philip lalruatsanga : happy to see this game finally for android. unlike most games the ads are not that conspicuous.,1
tom erskine-jones : flawless graphics style and relaxing gameplay,1
uncouthkarl : the landscape,1
premium melons : game runs smooth and looks fantastic. very fun as well.,1
himanshu sood : i really enjoyed the game. i'm a game designer myself and i really appreciate the beauty of this game. well done,1
bobby binston : its a well developed game with a great aesthetic to it. good job,1
ramsudhir k : nice adventure game and the location are also beautiful .the game is so interesting,1
ned neal : amazing but needs more stuff like updrades but awesome and very adictive game.,1
sumeet parab : clutter free and simple endless runner with refreshing graphics!!!,1
arjun v pradeep : not working on asus zenphone.,1
g williams : all i have to say is that this is the best game,1
logan long : incredible beautiful effects and scenery in this well made game,1
geoff tuttle : long wait for the android version but it was worth it. lovely game.,1
derrick : can't get past title screen.,1
smoku 1401 : ive just got one request upgrades for alto and his board,1
jeff gray : very well designed and thought out. no bugs,1
sai chaitanya raparti : this game is very simple and minimalistic. the graphics are decent. i play a lot of this game.,1
og giahzi : awesome game... easy but challenging at the same time,1
yash chandrakar : smooth nice and graphically amazing and extraordinary (good job devs),1
adistya steelciawan : i can't think of more beautiful game than this,1
sabarish balasubramaniam : this adventure makes me forget about the real world,1
rahul thosar : great music matched with great design. looooved it,1
marcus hague : probably the only game on android i've really enjoyed.,1
biswojyoti das : this game is so beautiful,1
pranava swaroopa : graphics,1
spandan nautiyal : simple yet soothing game experience... simple concept but a great visual show in the game...,1
faridah badahar : best game and amd you guys should download but cant control backflip while land otherwise awesome,1
tang y : i like the style of this game.,1
makia rose olson : awsome so addicting keep makin these games. pls,1
francisco castillo : would like to see more levels added or backgrounds,1
will t : visually great game,1
spencer launey : one of the best free games on the play store!,1
christian lim : alto's adventure is not a game. it is life.,1
daniel grisham : but the ads are terrible. i can't pay to get rid of them?,0
javier avecilla : the game is great and i love the music,1
rohan awasthi : when i launch this game its says alto is unfortunately stopped pls fix this...,0
#r i p - rise in peace : soothing and peaceful bgm & superb graphics with nice transitions of day,1
alex holroyd : amazing game,1
mitchell wolovets : please make more tricks this game is to good to only have one trick,1
isaac arnold : the game and the graphics and controls are just awesome...nice to have such a game,1
james k : awesome. one of the few games i play addictively to get achievements.,1
blueangel wolf : i love it i have been so far you can't believe it,1
pkjay : it has great graphics and quality and love the story line and gameplay,1
vasu bansal : it's the most beautiful game that i've ever played.,1
my collection : this game is so beautiful and relaxing. best endless game ever...,1
danny clarke : pretty poor copy of ski patrol..,1
shamanth s : beautiful game,1
ghazi kenny chai : finally available for play store!,1
landon palmer : impossible to get past the first level!,1
hyperion : its a must try game in my opinion.,1
matt allegro : the most beautiful game i've seen on a phone ever very addicting,1
andrew potter : there are zero adverts in the game i could sit and play this game all day.,1
mattias casal : i love this game soooooooooo much.its soo addicting and it calms me down,1
abdul faizan : i have downloaded it once again and it respond it is working.,1
james thornton : however i thoroughly enjoy this game.,1
saurabh chakrabarthi : i seldom come across such beautifully designed games with proper physics ! hats off !!!,1
subhasish paul : gd graphics & obviously gd,1
andrew marsden : love the game but when i started it today i was back to the start and lost all progress.,1
d wahyu : there a little problem in option menu,1
nate gryczka : graphics are impressive but the game is only fun for about 20 minutes.,1
neelesh dayal : good graphics exellent music simple and beautiful and the way to picturize day and night was too good there should be controls for backward and foeward,0
eres ferro : i feel like purchasing this game,1
jesse jehan : there definitely needs to be an altos village live wallpaper,1
carson laprise : the game is kind of us idective butt eeeee it cool i guess,1
vikas choudhary : the scenic beauty and the calm music makes it different,1
noah wade : the details and the simplicity of the game is perfect,1
lina fontip : galaxy note cannot play with pen,1
vivien chin : so easy to learn but so addictive,1
charles lachmanec : a legendary gaming experience with high quality graphics,1
armand ward : kind of a cool laid back type of game,1
keirsten mccoig : pretty cool i loved it 5 stars,1
musicboysince1999 : this game is just beautiful and relaxing and really fun,1
jon king : easy to use simple gameplay great sound is very relaxing.,1
gary r : title/splash screen comes up the it closes completely. uninstalled... droid turbo,0
justin miller : the game is a fantastic indie game i would love to see it on consoles,1
a google user : the game has perfect graphics,1
mandeep kaur : best skateboarding game ever played only to improve the graphics and clearity,1
andre lewis : one of the most breathtaking runners i have ever enjoyed playing,1
dylan gitalis : best production quality and design i have ever seen on mobile,1
aaroniantv jr. : it was so good i diid a review on my youtube amazing,1
zer0gravity : i just wish that there was a little bit of character customize,0
justin myers : this game has me on it for hours great visuals and concept love it,1
tonya w : the llamas run fast also great graphics and a bunch of fun,1
leon lukosevicius : this is one of your best games noodlecake and snowman,1
adam wieseler : a much needed game to change your mobile gaming life,1
shivam rock singh : the best game on google play without spend your data,1
sam corbett : lovely art style and soundtrack make the tight gameplay all the more enticing,1
a google user : good graphics. challenging. i enjoy the minimalistic look and feel.,1
ace muiz : guys,1
jack stotler : this is very gorgeous and very fun. not fond of snow? this will change your mind. great game!!!,1
random person : it has a good art style good story good everything i love the game,1
ritvik : i give it 5stars it is sooo good,1
mackenzie coleman : i love it its great to help pass the time,1
haleigh borg : this is the most amazing game i have ever played,1
surabhi verma : i want to b alto in real life,1
a google user : pls could u give maya more speed,1
jorge valdez : i really like the artistic style of this game,1
shakib a. faridi : i will give six star out of 5,1
willis harvey : thank you for porting this to android!!,1
a google user : has great lands and can be challenging but is a whole lot of fun you should so play it,1
majed ali : best game i played and the effect are very beautiful and make me relaxed,1
michael wolf : such a simple,1
david joseph : this game is the most addictive game ive ever played on my phone noodlecake did a great job,1
faiz authar : warn for u guys,1
spencer : it's been on apple for awile now and i was waiting for android but now it's here!!!,0
j.c. stansberry : this game is very addictive! plus the graphics and music is really awesome,1
jakson shiel : very artistic and has a lot of culture,1
alex : i had this game when there was 5k downloads it is going farrr and ver good worth the space,1
opa diestrong : just like that i can play without being swallowed up by having to build a kingdom,1
ryan peel : i would love the game even more if u added wolves totally rate 5stars,1
teddy iyke : plz add a lama mode where you are runnung from alto and making other lamas escape too,1
aldrian tan : the gorgeous graphics and the ambience makes it a great game,1
a google user : i love this game so much,1
silver yedes : did not really work but it looks cool though,1
vikas chitkara : beautiful graphics . nice gameplay deserves five stars.,1
roshan pais : such simple,1
rahul krishna : the game is very peaceful to play with the peaceful colours and simple controls,0
dheerendra gupta : pause option add top on screen i play game proble,1
bakka chin : black screen problem please fix,0
s u r y a : not tough enough kids game,1
a google user : the most beautiful game i've ever played.,1
nikshep a v : simplistic graphics and stunning visuals used in the game,1
ashish bajaj : by far this is the best arcade game i have ever played on smartphones! thank you for making it. :),1
adrian wisnu : the game is awesome. but the trick is only backflips? come on,1
manish banjara : the best part of this music and i really love it... and the game too,1
rahul sharma : officially one of my best games of all time.!!,1
a google user : love it! this game is gorgeous and addictive af,1
brandon : always reverts to home screen,1
jason wang : simple yet incredibly fun. warning: it's addictive!,1
abdul fattah redzuan shukri : seronok nyer main ni... addicted... good job well done developer...,1
simon foy : graphics are so simple,1
hrishikesh kakade : this game is really addictive and amazing,1
kyler david : more details and scenes and amazing perks and amazing places....more things,1
samarth sevak : installed,1
tyler micklewright : the game is so easy to play and the background and scenery look awesome and have amazing colours you can do flips on the game and everything i would recommend this game to anyone,1
kevin donley : shouldn't the title not have an apostrophe? an apostrophe s is short for is,1
ashwani sharma : please add some more tricks but the graphics are so good overall its a good game,1
abdullah tayyab : the graphics are excellent and simple to play please make another series like this,1
kaustubh pote : the graphics are minimalistic,1
andrew collette : would love to see the characters have upgradeable attributes,1
dhruv b : great aesthetic,1
goldy : you have only 1 thing to do that please put some extra stunts and another areas to skate i hope this is in next update but overall game is prettu good,1
luke byne : great game and its pretty simple to level up!!,1
daniel zoleta : works perfect on nexus 6p. very addicting.,1
steve m : well done. please don't change anything.,1
70 chitran chakrabortty : this game is so atmospheric,1
joseph chapman : this game is has a great art style,1
nahum larios : looks easy but its somewhat relaxing too,1
christian bradley : this game is great. it's simple but fun and looks great.,1
oscar perez jr. : an overall fun balanced game with good graphics,1
cole morrison : the visuals are so amazing and the whole game is so serene,1
duncan munro : just play it. it relaxes you. it looks lovely. it's wonderful fun.,1
saswat kumar dash : best game in google play..simple n beautiful.best with headphones on,1
arpit sharma : seriously it is the best game. awesome graphics.,1
trey highland : simple game,1
kuladeep maddula : game is addictive because of the music and the scenaries...,1
vishuz live : this game is reallreally hat's off ..mind should be change,1
simon yeeter : this is the absolute hands down best game on the playstore!,1
luthfi zulfan : nice graphic. i love it!,1
fraser angus : beautiful game,1
gundeep singh : it's only shows black screen.. it's hanging to much... fix it or i will uninstall it.,0
my chemical disco : i do t i is how long this game has been out but it better be new because this is such an amazing game hopefully it blows up,1
keegan ferrell : beautiful game,1
indrid cole : i love the minimalist graphics. bravo,1
k g : beautiful graphics,1
ty will : simply one of the most visually amazing games of the year so far.,1
benjamin farmer : a great way to pass long waits.,1
shubharthi dasgupta : great game.. the graphics are superb.. can expand a bit though,1
nurko 187 : one of the best games i've found in the google store. just brilliant. :),1
czsc : got to title screen and then was black,1
shane clark : need more coins,1
voodo fe : it is addictive as it is beautiful,1
mohd bazli mohd azam : no ads obstructing. great game design and music.,1
icyrez : had it on my iphone and i loved it.,1
steve benson : good overall game,1
seshu sayanan : a very beautiful game,1
nate romiski : such a simple concept executed perfectly....simple and awesome game,1
daniel : love the art still very good game ever leve is diffrent like level 10 u get a different characters whith different skills,1
chris worthy : really like this one guys graphics are fun",1
a google user : excellent game,1
margaret richardson : it's a fun mindless game,1
tushar islam : i really love this game *_*,1
joe d : good time waster,1
monish de : great game nice sound effects and good graphics....,1
rohit nambrath : had a suggestion though....will you please make alto little bigger....it's hard to focus on such a small character....,1
gaurav : i just can't stop loving those scenes and graphics !!!,1
swarnendu roy : refreshing,1
ast e : showin how to be simple but dope,1
siratim mustaquim : a bit more control over the character would be great.,1
a j : great music. awesome graphics. ambience. feel nice ambience.,1
parshant panwar : one the best game i ever played. awesome work,1
jesse bergeron : there wasnt much to this game at all.,1
amilcar rivas : this game is just so...flipping gorgeous,1
bryce matties : it's awsome ce a p up the good werk,1
just another google user : absolutely brilliant. stunning graphics. mind cooling,1
dan shipman-toon : another fantastic game from noodlecake :-),1
danjovi .sagat : works nicely,1
cory aviator : i love this game its so smooth and addicting.,1
d abbott : the music is so beautiful and the picture. i like it,1
dalton bramlett : unreal graphics and i love how the time of day changes.,1
zachary reynolds : one of the best games i've played on a phone and best looking,1
frank albano : love this game soo much,1
ivan lopez : visually,1
sreehari nair : has the best background music ,1
musayed nafis : wonderful graphics and sound... nodoubt a 5 star game,1
yuliana calvo : i really like the background and the other characters.,1
adhimitra subrahma : very beautiful,1
matt : addictive,1
dionisius dennis dativa : cute game and fun though,1
reid kopitzke : a good nonviolent game to blow time with,1
oddlife : so simple yet so beautiful,1
ayush porwal : game is great..!! but it reboots my phone after several gameplay ( approx. 5-8 gameplay ) . overall great game.. only thats the bug.. p.s. - oneplus x user,0
niels van der schans : finally a side scrolling snowboard game :-),1
joey weiers : it had great graphics and was addicting,1
ryan rittenhouse : well done and enjoyable to play,1
kurt fintel : cool graphics and fun yet challenging gameplay,1
aaron zercher : great graphics and fun to play,1
syirain : this game is amazing! u should try it guys!!,1
juni salman : the game just like painting,1
zachary lawrence : love this game great graphics,1
prem kodamala bobby : great creativity,1
candia gu : this game is almost too pretty :o,1
kingdemo is here : the best game i've play all year,1
infected monster : great graphics & easy to controll,1
m c : easy control/ smooth graphics,1
l3ryan _ : great graphics,1
sanjay sreedhar : awesome guys. good work.music feels great,1
austin johnson : it is the best game ever. it is also addicting,1
a google user : awesome graphics and addictive gameplay.,1
sagar patel : beautiful game with great audio and artistic style.,1
luis amadeo : i love the atmosphere and the gameplay.,1
nishaant madhan : this game is awesome the graphics are so cool and it is easy to play must play this game.......,1
a google user : meditative game with gorgeous graphics and non intrusive ads.,1
vijay singh : one of the beat games ...i have ever played.,1
carter green : i'm glad it finally made the hip from ios,1
rohit lala : this game has endless running,1
alfian rehanusa wibowo : good. the graphic its nice. i like it. simple too.,1
jinx c : asus zenfone 2 not working,1
vasvi balasaria : 4 star because i d really like customisation options and little more reward than just a new character on levelling up,1
imran uddin : i like the game,1
adit : this has me hooked to my phone!!,1
dumbage : great game,1
peter gazdarica : simple,1
train boat : hahaha its free :d on iphone you have to pay,1
sabarish dbs : graphics works deserves a clean applause,1
akshay srivastava : a very good game must have it,1
luckhy banga : so nice game so beutifull graphics,1
cicero : good game good grafics for its type of game,1
goofy goober 2 : the art and everything looks beautiful,1
sumit yadav : i just love this game very much,1
haneef mussa : a unique and creative take on an endless runner,1
armando avalos : fun endless runner with nice art style,1
anju m. sipangkar : runs great on my asus zenfone c,1
yaseen khan : the game is fun but very addicting,1
muhammad ridzuan : really fun and the graphics are just awesome.,1
bayu putra : the best game,1
shashank trivedi : amazing music,1
rahul shah : the game got beautiful graphics ...and the background music is really very calming...gameplay is simple yet effective..loved it!!,1
mike longnecker : artistic,1
parth joshi : this is a piece of art. nicely done.,1
anna acquaah : i can finally get to play the game,1
kristi mclaughlin : the attention to detail is stunning ..fun to play and look at..wish all games were this awesome!!!,1
brianna white : it looks like a good game but it doesn't want to work it just keeps on crashing. :(,1
mekhi chandler : it a fun and relaxing game i like da music and how you can level up and get upgraded,1
shauntel stephens : i think this game rocks!!!! i just wish there were options instead of the ads,1
angel le boss : so addictive and i really like the gameplay,1
madhur prabhakar : nice game good work but how do i turn off night mode ? it's hard to play with dark background,1
kanthala raghu : possible the best game i love so far.,1
shiva kadlure : felt unique and the music is good. must play game.,1
drjuanguat : the graficts is amazing and it's a great runner game,1
anne mcpherson : when i tapped to jump it would not and i would just fall,0
a google user : beautiful combination of music and background theme!,1
vishnu nuk : relaxing experience..,1
maikya satoshi : so relaxing,1
denzil buck : so much attention to detail went into this game.,1
thomas denham : easy to play and keeps you interested.,1
gopi krishna kanugula : really a good one.,1
goodlookinminer : great game but gets repetitive,1
michael fulton : most wonderful menus and ui. very responsive and clean,1
srinivasan : games feels so live....makes me forget the real.....i don't care about the simplicity of the game....the ambience is superb and naturistic...i love it,1
ashley graham : this game is fantastically amazingly great.,1
gabriel brookman : i recommend this because it is pretty and fun.,1
j c : absolutely beautiful,1
m. insan kamil : it only appear as black screen on my zenfone 4,1
jawahar pinnelli : the game is gorgeous and a delight to look at. the soundtrack is amazing too.,1
pratham jain : i loved this game but the thing is that when we make a back flip there should be a key for leaning in front to make a frontflip and to adjust when we are going to crash and some mountained area where we just go zig zag and add a time of noon then this will be the most beautiful game ever,0
jamachabob bobythin : too good need more upgrades and environments.,1
altto bautista : finally a game with my name on it.,1
wayne neumann : really liked the game it's addictive,1
sonal bara : relaxing + adventurous,1
fabio chirco : fun with cool scenery. easily hooked.,1
cory lui : well developed! love that it offers gp achievements!,1
agung nazwa : cant open this game ,1
ariq tuasikal : perfect game!!! i love the graphic and gameplay,1
sascha. johnson : it'd be cool if they crashed realistically...,1
vaishnavi sudarshan : in love with d game n d music ...except tat d jump thing doesn't respond somtyms ...it's amazing,1
avinash thomas : really addictive game!,1
jo sh : great scenery it's amazing,1
jayendra tare : amazing graphics....hi5 sound..great works really very nice game... thanx developers..,1
moises robles : love to play this game but it feels like i have to watch video ads to buy upgrades because of the rate of coins i get during several runs,0
rishi kaushik : played it during the most gruelling exam of my life.....,1
rame : nice game but requires too many permissions for a game,1
mohamed husein : really nice game the story line is good,1
nate herr : beautiful graphics and awesome game play,1
alena king : this game is awesome...no other words needed,1
cocokanojo : the settings page is invisible,1
adi : different from other games. good graphics and smooth gameplay,1
matej krescanko : i love this game. nice design.,1
javier : awesome graphics and nice senery!,1
matt nemar : its just such a great game,1
albert quebrar : 5 stars just from the visuals,1
war wolf : the best game the world has seen,1
eli : awesome graphics and everything else,1
aditya srivastav : beautiful graphics and background score,1
daniel holmberg : it is so cool in every way,1
nero mynameisnero : love it so much,1
angad oberoi : weather and day night cycle are beautiful,1
sandeepa nanayakara : amazing ambient music so immersive with the gameplay,1
mahavir singh : really happy to have that cute game,1
blake belcher : fun and keeps you interested,1
jim downing : beautiful and excellently executed endless runner,1
apple blueberry : love it runs nice and smooth,1
veeresh r : one of the best game in recent times,1
ravi singh : its very nice and has a good graphics,1
minal tra : this game is an interactive piece of art,1
emil ivanov : really fun game with mezmerizing artstyle,1
karan singh : really nice graphic and loved the soundtrack,1
brad carter : need a sequel now,1
5pazn : needs more tricks but good,1
udhayyagethan m : awesome graphics new approach with minimalistic theme,1
sreehari premkumar : simple and yet fantastic game,1
maria gonzalez : loved it so much you can flip,1
joey : it's the most beautiful game i've ever played. i love it.,1
densil john : superb ,1
malay kumar nayak : smoothness of the game is excellent....,1
ashwin j chandran : the game is great and pleasant.,1
naman jain : this game and dragon hills game is the best..!!,1
soumyaram das : nice game. recommended to install,1
aaronttwo : it's just sooooo beautiful,1
connor bruce : you guys lied (developers) it still does stay on a black screen i'll i here is music on a black screen,0
teheina anguiano : cool =_=,1
jeffrey chambers : super fun with great graphics,1
tony w : great game with awesome sound track,1
ejoshua manalac : nice game. smooth and no lag,1
bhavya gandhi : very nicely designed.... it's minimal,1
dmitriy tartynov : boring! all the same,1
aju ajay : not so much addictive,1
abhinav : overall game is amazing...,1
nick medonic : so much fun. very addictive.,1
sam laquey : fun and easy-to-use game,1
rumman adib : can a mobile phone game can get any more beautiful? no sir!,1
jack thayer : gorgeous game,1
taif shams : music is tempting and gameplay is good.,1
graham chapman : good for a few minutes,1
guna sekaran : good graphics. pleasant gaming experience.,1
jayrom colcol : teach me triple backflip,1
stephen cooke : fantastic,1
bettina heydenberk : add a tiger or a bear chasing you when pass a cave,1
uday kaul : loved it! awesome graphics .... awesome everything... wonderful game by noodlecake studios,1
sean crockett : asus has problems? it runs very smooth. very time killing. thanks,1
dar c : there shouldn't be a timer if it's going to take ages to load the video to continue,1
brian reizz : amazing game with very soothing graphics and gameplay!,1
phoenix : this game is beautiful,1
maria monroy : and it's fun,1
santanu chakraborty : great stunts,1
ajay udayakumar : a wonderful game with good background music.,1
rafael santana : awesome game,1
kgz flynt : the wingsuit only worked once and that was when i purchased it and it never worked again,1
arindam acharjee : this game wont startup aftr splashscreen display.. in my asus zenfone 5..,1
kurt htd : this game is beautiful and well made.,1
2b not : i like the simplicity and the art of the game,1
vicky nag : works well on my intex extreme,1
bharadwaj u : i used to be fan of limbo game.....this game comes near to it,1
tanishk pandey : one of the best game.. beautiful graphics. music.. everything.. love,1
harish goud : i loved it since a year .kudos to devops,1
cory neil : its really fun and addictive,1
a google user : after releasing on ios; i was waiting for this game from that day.,1
ranjan azad : awsome game. simple and beautiful,1
radu mihailescu : asus zenfone 2-only a black screen please fix!!!,0
a google user : gorgeous visuals,1
james le grice : opened app all that happens is name comes up then goes to black screen. please fix!,0
imran khan : don't keep the screen awake if not touched for a while during game play.,1
pradeep bhoir : best to play in free time.,1
noa d : super relaxing,1
kunal dewangan : very clear and very good game,1
a google user : simply fun,1
max martin : love this game. really fun and easy. 10/10,1
dr ak : loved the game,1
lucas lustosa : and incredibly entertaining,1
jylon peek : super great a amazing graphics,1
avicenna pasiak : the graphic is just awesome,1
ashok ram : super graphics and nice bgm,1
bob maree : amazing graphics must get,1
edo sadewo : this game terrific,1
alwin lolo : nc highdefinition game love it,1
ryan c hansen : really enjoy it,1
daniel beyer : mobley games ever,1
anthony achkarian : so fun and awesome graphics,1
gabe gamer : the music makes it easier to play,1
nectare : love it keep up the good work,1
saul : simple but so relaxing,1
torres sanders : the game is addicting and adventurous,1
demetrius brown : good game love the graphics,1
emily f : i find it really relaxing,1
eric fajardo : the game is so nice and i love it,1
restu setiawan : add more features,1
miguel tomlinson : i requested for this game and they got it:) ty for adding the game,1
harry : app wants access to app lists and browsing history and bookmarks,1
erwinz g. anugrah : simple gameplay with good graphic with awesome weather.,1
jon g : not sure why this game requests the permissions that it does. downloaders beware...,1
thepotatoesaladz man : i love the music,1
ramnik savaliya : game not starting. it hang on splash screen.,1
emily b : it's my dream game! simple graphics,1
soft dipped : full of color,1
shivashish chatterjee : addictive gameplay and beautiful scenery in the game ..,1
mike brunson : i've played this game a hundred times,1
jeffery flannagan : wow! amazing game! i'm addicted!! love it! easy gameplay!,1
duraikannu a : good ui and art work. nice gameplay,1
adrian piedra : mad love for this game it really is beautiful.,1
sadiq abbas : i have install this game but it does not open,1
carlis mcclanahan : good game,1
santa halim : please fix it..,1
daisy palace : love snow games... beautiful,1
derek keene : the casim jump is too hard. uninstalling,1
sarah mckeown : it's boring,1
billy afflerbach : has great graphics too.,1
anggara siregar : blank screen after tittle on my zenfone 2,0
akshita patil : the screen is still black even after update i have tried installing it a few times already,0
za zainuddin : it's simple,1
ashish kaul : wow...this game got a lot of downloads in a very less time...great game tho!!!,1
yashovardhan shukla : great graphics paired with awesome music.,1
ravi srinivasan : great graphics and simple play... will soon be a bestseller!,1
irwin ismail : "unfortunately,1
m bossun : black screen when start.. mine is asus zenfone 2,0
andhika muhammad fauzan : it is so gooood!,1
ahmad razzaq : i downloaded it twice but still cant be opened,1
talha rizwan : good graphics.. soothing sound..nice and easy game play...,1
iv.steven : it's great i give it 10/10 (5 stars),1
ryan tanner : addicting! challenging! fun,1
tanuj jain : nice and decent game for passing time. graphics and gameplay are good.,1
medonlakador syiem : good graphics,1
muhammad faqrul ariffin : same concept like other snowboard game. what makes this so special? the scenery of course!,1
anthony pethel : best game ever 10 out of 10,1
corey thomas : cool game and really beautiful,1
joey sullivan : "made data usage more efficient"? why is an off-line single player game using any data at all?!,1
eggbag : addictive,1
yeediddlyhaw : seriously 1 day it says it only has 10k downloads 3 days later 1 mill just holy crap,1
a google user : great graphics,1
thirukoti rajkumar : simplicity design and nice graphics,1
lav bhatia : music and game are very wonderful,1
abuzar mirza : simple game with awesome graphics.,1
jeeva.b gunasekaran : nice but not as addictive as iceski,1
ikuroi i : this game is amazing,1
ajay kudva : this game is just great...the sunset part of the game is jus awe!!,1
mike bradford : simple and easy to love.,1
alex jesme : love the colors and the music.,1
aviral bajpai : it never fails to bring a smile on my face..... love the game for it :),1
vinod kukanur : one of the fantastic game...love to play again n again....really it's awesome when played with headphones... request to add few more background music...,1
easy life : nice graphics...easy goals but nice game :),1
nicole c.h. : what a beautiful game.,1
karti richi : ui is ultimate and easy play...,1
muhammad irham fadhilah : awesome gameplay,1
vectornexx0 nexxtrox : aweome. just update with awesomeness,1
emanuel toorres : extraordinary game,1
a google user : nice but intrusive app permissions. uninstalled...,1
ritika banik : just loved it.absolutely addictive game....and the music is melodious too....,1
rizallo novega : the only game who gave passion,1
zainab sankoh : i need to rate this 0 stars i dose not even turn on fix it now,0
haddy wu : can't start this on zenfone 2... black screen after run this app..,1
sammys garden : nice graphics,1
billy wines : they should have more upgrades you can put your coins towards,1
a google user : just one word : beautiful,1
diego sverdloff : doesn't start on my asus zenfone,1
kishore edwin : cool graphics & music too.....is there any link to download this bgm,1
rajveer : here comes the masterpiece on android now.,1
judson hammond : thats it. deleted,1
ashok kampati : best graphics,1
nathan porter : few games transcend into art. an experience not to be missed...,0
hunter baltus : it's actually pretty fun,1
charles duckett-shufford : fab-tastic graphics,1
octavio garcia : its a cool game but what i hate it that maya cant jump over the clifs and paz cant break through rocks which is really annoying fix and maybe ill download it again,0
m navneet krishna : most beautiful game ever!,1
nikhil puthran : lovely gameplay..,1
erick ramirez : its really cool and fun can't stop playing,1
ajay kumar : have been waiting to be launched for android...thanks dev...awesome,1
pa : great graphics and soothing soundtracks!,1
rohan rathore : it's awesome... love it!!,1
anthony marshall : want to try but it just dose not load,1
adam muqrish : really love to play this game!!..nice graphics,1
james kilian : i try to watch a video and it says video unavailable and crashes the app.why can't i watch the video?,0
manoj chauhan : gr8 game with excellent graphics..,1
aaryan tanwar : really fun,1
zane beveridge : beautiful,1
sumesh t c : everything in this game is excellent. loved it <3,1
a google user : beautiful visuals,1
arun g : amazing graphics,1
jai kadam : i love the game ..entertaining... and good...but it has the same backflip skill...which is some time make bore to play.......over all its good....nice work...want more games like this...,1
pranjal vats : wow!!! this game is outstanding.... all different sceneries in just one run....and the music is soo lovely... everything's fantastic,1
mitesh kareliya : not running in asus zenfone 5,1
jaya prakash : d best game i have ever played... amazing 3d carton....,1
matt lee : and nice looking.,1
devlin lester : the controls could really be improved,1
crustationable : this game needs spins!!!! not just flips!,1
experience : i never gave a 1 star before but now i have because every time try to play instantly kicks me out i mean if that fixed u get it 5 stars please fix i play on android,0
rikzin schultens : very good app.,1
etinosa agho : i am yet to try it! i am sure i'll enjoy it! :) ok,1
ryan angers : its an amazong game but how do you escape the elder guy?,1
matt judge : great game,1
sakthimanikandan s : awesome game....i really love climates graphics...,1
malachi t : cant play it wont open. uninstall,1
ankush burman : great game! simple and beautiful,1
jweiss 500 : such a awesome game!,1
koli amit : i like the sunset and sunrise effect the best,1
omkar katkar : easy to play.... excellent graphics... loved it.,1
julio mugama : check my ratting,1
frankie battle : very pretty,1
kok chi gan : awesome graphics,1
miranda jones : i love this soooooooooooo much!,1
friedrich karl christian lensky : thank you,1
jalshayin bhachech : it's not working on my asus zenfone 5,1
adil ejaz : sooo fun and addicting!,1
roshan george : clean and minimalistic game with relaxing music....,1
saytan is real : its run on my moto e ....very good graphic...,1
simon rosental : many bugs on my device ==> lg g3,1
lance brogdon : only game i really play. it's awesome!!!!!!,1
a google user : easy and smooth...,1
kaan burulday : fix this game!,1
byakuya togami : game keeps on stopping looks cool tho :-/,1
j : this is a great game and i just love playing this game:-):-):-).,1
muhammad taufan : well played!!,1
aswin s : it's like a peace out place for me...,1
imtiyaz ahmed : no introduction.... just download and enjoy.,1
dave : nice visuals,1
jarrod thompson : see above...,1
mandeep : loved it. <3,1
cedric rashed : the best game ever,1
kunal manjrekar : wow.. that background music..loved it,1
rajath nanaiah : i want to give a 10stars fr this..,1
kevin watts : really love this game ,1
messi lionel : too far i cant see,1
alexander brooks : crashes after loading screen,0
aleksa savic : boring but its ok,1
nyx hydra : i love the game!! the achievements you have to accomplish are soooooooooo fun!!!!!,1
_sree_rag _ : loved it totally.... gud gameplay and challenging...,1
davi davi : the art is beautiful,1
user : the hills are hard but still fun!!!!!!,1
lightning rod from ponyville : so calm,1
abhi jadav : loved it.. simple amazing!! good work guys!!,1
james byers : simple and fun.... the way a mobile game should be.,1
golden girly gamer : play it it'd cool,1
jotis anil : cool graphics ! nice gameplay. ! time killer ! = this game !,1
laura gunemann : i love it!! **recommended!,1
chinmay gade : must download game!!,1
ravi g : nice game..appreciate that.,1
dhananjay : app crashing when connected with google,1
gerald pabatao : i love it! more please! :) :d,1
helmy anjab : verry clean...,1
sunil kumar : it's cool game,1
sagnik bhattacharya : try it... its good.,1
navoneel dawn : sometimes the menu and pause screen exceeds the phone's display,0
shaurya shah : wonderful graphics,1
angelo rocha : great game with great graphics!,1
haider ali khan naroo : after the update the game works fine... :),1
shahadat hossain riaz : this game is very peaceful....,1
sammid hossain : stupid game ... just wast of time......,1
guddu gupta : love the game awsm stages....,1
iain mees : doesn't start on acer tablet,1
vinayak soni : pretty good!,1
abhay garg : amazing graphics love it!!!,1
kannan t jayadevan : it's very addictive,1
jon loeffelholz : fun and looks good!,1
cecilia ross : addictive and very pretty.,1
yousif hassan : very nice game,1
raghu raghav : good graphics ...,1
joe dolce : it sucks,1
ismail durrani : just awesome.....well still awesome lol,1
parth rathore : one word describes it all.... exquisite...,1
a google user : it's fantastic!,1
bobby : addictive,1
nishanth kasi : it's pretty coollllll,1
prashanth lak : cool graphics.,1
bagus bambang wibowo : addictive,1
aditya vk : this is really an awesome game ... the music is 10/10,1
dhaval patel : fun and it looks great!,1
mat knopp : it's alright. pretty. game play is ok.,1
rashmi srivastava : awesome this game is.,1
pushkar diwaker : pure addiction!!!,1
thaz thz : ohhh simply best......,1
the jester : beautiful visuals and soundtrack.download it,1
emily : love the graphics !!!!!,1
a google user : can't. stop. playing!,1
mitali sinha : luving it.....it is nice,1
vishal shukla : i like it but not so much,1
thamindu kavinda : this is the best game in 2016,1
daniel : best graphic..,1
jingly beans : scarily addictive!,1
alex stefanov : beautiful design and fun gameplay,1
mohamed daahir mohamed : this is one the best games on android,1
nitish sharma : great game,1
john ross whelpton : crashes on launch... fix?? droid turbo,0
yatan jain : great game!!,1
h123 : amazing game with beautiful graphics,1
ninja : yeah lived it.....loved it,1
leo supriyanto : great game....,1
soham naskar : why can't i just buy coins?,1
anirudh s : gameplay is good but what is up with all these permissions?,1
samarth kamboj : loved it!,1
purushottam bhange : should play it,1
chi thai : really? i can't buy coins? terrible. uninstalled.,1
bristi the cristi : and maybe a way to do a frontflip?,1
john vincent landingin : everything is just ugh,1
denim basumatary : beautiful graphics with awesome gameplay,1
mukesh yadav : a very beautiful game,1
yuseless : its perfect to me,1
cameron fernandez : this is a awesome game,1
alex futter : so addicting,1
pasam naresh : nice location s,1
keven mekk : very cool and easy game,1
navin nagarajan : great game very addictive,1
boris lozano : yeah that,1
yude guignard : has the best graphics,1
nate faber : and creative,1
rocco stud : really a awesome game love it,1
a google user : wow great experience,1
kv pasupuleti : nice graphics and addictive,1
juelz jaliya flores : this is real cool,1
rejjie thomas : i love this gsme,1
alieu kamara : needs more tricks,1
ron : simple graphics and great to play,1
chot ayin : ghx for the beautiful game,1
sanket jain : game is nice,1
antosy family : title says it all,1
joshua lea : really addictive,1
soumik halder : it should be more adventurous,1
angelo chun : cool background and music,1
kittipitch prommakot : why it doesn't work on asus zenfone 5?,0
finley culver : it is amazingly fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
pankaj gavit : nice graphics.,1
tisha q : so addictive.,1
mehdi faghani : it's the best,1
ben robison : just awesome.,1
fandy abdullah : sometimes this game can be played,1
momchil tomov : great game.,1
putri maulidia : recommended!!!!,1
guri maan : loved it..,1
chad : play game with music!,1
nick : how can i transfer my games progress to a new device?,1
jayakrishnan sajith : i love this,1
dee ache : is it supposed to be night for 20 hrs a day? are llamas nocturnal?,1
dan boi : why cant i buy coins?,1
scott marshall : needs cloud save.,1
richard williams : awesome and beautiful,1
vishwakarma asha : good performance,1
john ailie : plays and looks great,1
themaster i : great backgrounds,1
hit boy 15 : cool game ever,1
chandan jangid : awesomeness is playing this game,1
michael magbujos : good graphics,1
arpit satnami : great gameplay and ui,1
rabin karmakar : very nice game,1
oomeysh kz : just incredible game,1
ayan chakraborty : good time pass,1
david tung : love it so much,1
barun ch : nice graphic,1
happy singh : love the game,1
thameemul ansari : it really fun to play,1
ck foo : very nice this game,1
ecguy6 : simple and beautiful,1
fritz acosta : cool gameplay,1
jeremy dismukes : addictive but short,1
vinod romina : very nice game,1
saswata ghosh : awesome graphics and gameplay,1
bojan samardzic : great game,1
jakub : simple and great,1
luis rivera : its so cool,1
kiran rosh : pretty good game,1
pravin kadam : nice graphics,1
ty kinney : awesome and addictive,1
nemanja borovac : lovely little game,1
hoan tran : its interesting,1
hareesh hemanth : nice game relaxing,1
pedro reyna : great graphics,1
sriram nikhit : stunning gameplay beautiful gameplay,1
unseen : this game is xic,1
jcs : why the need to access browser history and bookmarks?,1
alan paulino : this game is o-p,1
edwin : its not starting up,1
uthaya kumar : really i like that game,1
juhi bhange : more better in iphone,1
ty ty : i love this game,1
datta bharate : great game,1
vishwanath talla : really loved it,1
luis alberto mucino contreras : front flip please,1
brian r : whens the new update !!,1
ken : severely underrated,1
artaz : absolutely beautiful,1
steven xu : love the music,1
ian hammer : great game,1
base ball : great game,1
zaheer shaikh : nice graphics,1
nathan moore : fun and atmospheric,1
kartik sheoran : fantastic game is this,1
harlie hughes : absolutly gorgeous,1
nikhil misal : amazing graphics,1
mohamed elouadifi : very addictive,1
deedee : nice graphics,1
arunavo chakraborty : best of the best,1
harrison mohammed : great graphics,1
sutiantono darmaji : nice graphic,1
christopher whitman : really pretty,1
mayank mishra : worth it,1
andi breshanaj : great game,1
thejas kp : perfection guaranteed,1
toni tiemor : so beautiful,1
rodney hammock : great game,1
suraj gajaria : great game,1
daniel pogue : great game,1
wei xiang chen : addictive and fun,1
doug nettles : addictive and beautiful,1
albert l : smooth graphics,1
nishit doshi : awesome graphics,1
shivam tomar : mind blowing,1
cameron nygaard : great graphics,1
mxchiness jr : best graphic,1
sesu plays : really nice,1
navin pemarathne : pure awesomeness,1
moeed ali khan : very addictive,1
aditya rane : the best,1
vishnava reddy : love it play it,1
jatin nagpal : great game,1
dipz singh : artistically beautiful,1
colin wilson : great game,1
eric yates : beautiful and immversive,1
noah kohler : great graphics,1
kevin tram : the best,1
av siva : gud but need to improve,1
matthew park : is it alpacas or lamas your chasing?,1
duckie duck : cool cool,1
joseph mcmahon : boring,1
devin scheifele : why does this need device and app history?,1
alex derp : when playing i'm not sure it this happens to everyone but when i want to watch a video to revive alto and i can't i continue from the beginning it then randomly says some about the video and then i die,0
anandakrishnan n : cool,1
kranthi kumar : addictive,1
m. fadhel fahrul rozi z : i set my my screen to light up for 15 secs. when i don't need to touch the screen the screen goes dim then i keep hitting the rock.,0
killer rabbit29 : won't load,1
harry phillips : the game asks for permission to google game then does not store your progress so you can move between devices,1
hydean seek : so you want to see what apps are running and dig into my personal info. that means deleted game and the lowest rate possible,0
brandon owens : permissions creep.,1
jai pagdhare : to game,1
indrapera : ty for fix it,1
katherine keagan : loveeee this game,1
joshua pereira : exceeded expectations,1
kaustubh chaudhary : soundtrack,1
devashish arya : go for it,1
emily manavella : addicting,1
dade murphy : good game but way to sensitive with landing,1
shreya chheda : it's an amazing game with beautiful graphics,1
tonka 1 : this game seems simple yet elegant with the colors and accents. but i seem to be stuck in the part where you need to jump a ditch... not sure if its a bug..or i suck lol. anyways,0
brian : starts out great ,1
jesse herr : its an awesome game with great scenery and decent graphics. but why do you guys have to put the horse that chases you? its really hard in my opinion and throws the fun out of the game. get rid of it and i'll put 5 stars. thanks,1
taylor brown : i updated and lost all my progress.,1
jorge wiegand : it's beautiful and easy to play,1
jake krynock : worth the download,1
gooey nyan : i can't help sharing with others.,1
germel palima : great gameplay and graphics. music is soo relaxing and nice. luv it!,1
jyotsnaben vinodbhai tank : game is superb!!! i give five star but at some point i didn't like becouse of you need to imrove some graphic and movements..so please can you improve it.!!! thank you!!,1
a google user : make a paid version with no ads and i'll give 5 stars.,1
a google user : a cool diversion with gorgeous graphics and nice soundtrack.,1
james : like the color and day and night thing,1
kaimillion x : i love it so fun and addicting should add outfits tho,1
biglexbrown : good job noodlecake another good game,1
fakhrul ezzatt : simple yet addicting gme,1
a google user : one of the best games ever.,1
peter wilson : easy to play,1
the alpha : i love this game... best snow advntr ever...,1
connor towns : won't start up!,1
a j : game....excellent,1
steven strawsine : this game does exactly what it set out to do,1
zach albin : this game is very fun right off the bat and becomes even more fun as you get better at it. i find that it can be played a lot and never get old. the available in-game upgrades and addicting game play make this title playable over and over again. honestly surprised that the game is free,1
mohamed farag : the game is simple and addictive,1
a google user : i don't always commend devs for how they put advertisements into their apps but the option to revive the player once by paying coins you earn pretty quickly in game or to watch a 30 second video is very natural and tasteful. simple yet fun and beautiful this is a great game. edited my rating to reflect my true opinion on this game. one of the first games i've found myself wanted to play more than once or twice. beautiful,1
unknown unknown : this game did ski safari 1 did (not 2. ski safari 2 is complete garbage with terrible art) and makes it better with great art work,0
timothy hawkinson : have had issues with video not playing to revive character during an epic run. frustrated to say the least. also have had the touch response suddenly stop working ,0
andrew cobain : very enjoyable game. great graphics and sound. downloaded to my experience z and played no problem. unfortunately wouldn't get past loading screen and a short piece of music before freezing on my hudl 2. gutted i couldn't play it on a larger screen and hope there's a fix soon!,0
nikandr marhal : oh,1
fabester king : i just got this game a few mins ago and once i opened it,1
anthony lupow : combining this and the beautiful graphic design to look at,1
lofi nomad : just got this game have and have seen no adverts or nothing in the way that helps me identify why this game is free. i feel like i should have paid money. or maybe it's somehow linked to my bank account and is taking money from me,1
kaotek kowbell : can not stop playing! from the beautifully rendered artwork to the simple tap screen controls,0
brian b : game looks nice and i'm sure it's fun to play. but give me an opportunity to buy the game and get rid of the annoying f2p coins. i don't feel like i can play risky to see what tricks i can pull off because i'll need to pay money for coins so i can continue. removed game from phone.,1
justin mittel : seriously,1
ridzuan osman : very beautiful graphic in addition of time changing from dust to dawn. nice gameplay and concept with soothing soundtrack. recommended to all,1
david browne : didn't have high expectations as i thought it was going to be a ski safari rip off. although it is similar in many ways,0
marco salazar : too hard to see the rock obstacles (especially when it turns to night) and optimal timing for the jumps is not really explained.,1
michel hauser : the game looks and sounds really really good. when the sun rises in the background while you chase some llamas down the mountain it's just looks stunning. the gameplay is nothing spectacular but it's pretty fun. assuming that the game would cost some upfront money like it does on ios i would easily rate it 5 stars. however being forced to watch an ad video every time you die to get a free retry which you absolutely have to do in order to get new high scores at some point is just awful. you can also get more coins by watching ad videos than by actually playing the game. there is only one iap which doubles the coins you guys get which is okay if you want to speed up things a bit but guess what,0
mark holland : ive been waiting for this since loving it on the ipad for over a year!! and after all the nagging at them on facebook it's finally here... and totally worth the wait. looks super crisp on my xperia z3. for the people complaining about the videos for retries - you dont need to watch these,0
michael daaboul : but,1
ankur tulsyan : the screen goes black after launch and stays that way. please fix,0
dan rubin : very fun game. a good time waster while on the train. audio and visual just stunning. all in all,1
erin d : i don't even really like endless runners,1
jacob brown : i've been waiting for this to come to android. this is a fun game with very nice graphic art style. i just wish there was a paid version with no ads. i hate ads but i like to pay devs for their time and effort making a good game.,0
george mathews : the game has beautiful graphics,1
kyle hall : wasn't to impressed at first after playing ski safari,1
jezy v : its really fun. it barely lags at all so its good on my phone. a job well done.,1
fares elsbiai : stays on black screen after the " alto's adventure " logo ,0
naiver : i love the music,1
kevin starnes : this game will be the next big hit. trust me. it wil have a million downloads in no time.it's just awesome. download it now,1
cai figurosco : this game have nice graphic and nice gameplay .if you could add more skill like frontflip etc. that will be great .,1
jacob seifert : i'm sceptical with the genre though and the pricing model here is also questionable,1
darshan suratwala : be quick to launch the game on android because android user are numerous in number which will be good for revenue.,0
dad mom : great concept little hard to get coins,1
lucaskywalker music : this game is very beautiful with the best graphics i've seen! there is weather change and music. i just think you could add more things to buy,1
being bryan : the rocks are too hard to avoid when alto is sliding so fast. the rock is also hard to be seen,0
artimus charest : one of the better "endless" games available. smooth,1
tyler thompson : it just takes u to a black screen and make weired noises (one star),1
techomania : not good than ski safari due to small characters you sometime get surprised when hurdles came in and u get out. at the time of huge dig of mountains alto fails to jump over and there is no trick to cross it unless u try again n again.,1
osaretin obadeyi : i haven't had a game feel this fun in a while this game is seriously good the only downside is it takes up battery life like nobody's business,1
li yang : ski safari has a lot more fun. controlling is better as well. this game has a good graphics but personally i don't like it as night time is too dark for me.,1
devon pollard : so nice to see this game finally come to android i've heard so many great things about this game from my ios friends,1
jordan mays : i have no clue what it is about this game,1
giovanni delgado : the music is calming and the scenery is just outstanding. i love how it always changes to different weather conditions,1
syed irfan : after alto crashes. if i wanna start again from the top,0
the codfather : looks great,1
sean hangman : i do not support companies that steal private information to profit from third party sales.,1
nigel : the graphics is just another level. love it for that,1
killer kristov : i highly recommend this game. however,1
steven c : it's definitely a good looking game but at the end of the day it's just another endless runner. not sure what all the hype is about.,1
a google user : overhyped. i'd recommend ski safari over this any day... coz it's better,1
ethan lugbauer : beautiful art design,1
fabian irimiea : back on ios this game took away hours of my life,1
dt griffin : would like more trick options,1
adam page : snowboarding in the dark is not very safe. at least put some slope lights up for your customers.,1
a google user : asks to watch an add way to often. i just want to pay to disable adds. also,0
tom stephens : great game when it worked. downloaded it and it worked fine for a day. tried it today and it goes black after the opening image. not sure what happened. fully updated zenfone 2.,1
peedi piper : this game gets a pass because i love how the weather changes as you playing the game and the music is brilliant.,1
sam the boi : this is great game if you're in to catching lamas,1
mikael fredriksson : fun game ruined by inconsistent framerate! don't expect to see that in a flagship phone. (htc one m9),1
naufal anryawan : blank screen after alto logo and then the app is crash,1
nathan prewett : i appreciate that it asks me to sign into google games,1
james zander : simple and cute,1
baby yoda : i like evrything about alto and llamos like the graphics,1
ahmad azri : beautiful ui,1
paul love : great game,1
peter b : an enjoyable game,1
brian fincham : just goes black after the alto's adventure splash screen.,0
paco klein : doesn't work on zenfone 2,1
dwight h : controls are a little touchy. you first thing if u hold it down longer u would jump higher,1
muhammad mukhlis : cannot open it ,1
irfaan chundoo : for me,1
alex loizou : nice to play. wanted to enjoy it but it's jam packed full of ads with no option to purchase a no-ads version or iap. uninstalling.,1
abul kashem : this gsme isn't good in androide.it is very good in iphone 5,1
barry white : i have been waiting for the android port for months,0
chetan patige : why does the game use my net pack. it's a really good game. but usage of my net without my notice is bad.,1
raghu bharadwaj : after the latest update i still see the stock unity banner on my launcher on the shield tv and not one for the game. can you check? sorry for nitpicking but other than this its a perfectly nice game.,0
tyler shaw : this game seems fun. i like it so far. but the screen will turn off while playing. so i'm gonna have to uninstall it.,1
vertical 05 : way to similar to ski safari. the only difference is the game objective. great graphic saves it from 1 star.,1
holly campbell : i see the alto intro scene,1
pat d : the game itself is amazing but i keep having a bug where the pause menu extends off the edges of my screen and i can't tap the options. this is on a droid turbo,0
james : i start it,1
taylor martin : this is not only an amazing game,1
animesh kumar : it shows black screen we i launch it and stays there untill i press home button....,0
liber : kept me wanting to advance,1
trambak ray : not only its fun,1
luke stoelinga : everything a mobile game should be: simple and yet complex,1
markers : the art style reminds me a lot of journey. would be better if you added more stunts.,1
feel j akir : very good game when i played it on an ipad demo. come to find out when i get the paid version to show support there are iap forces down my throat.,1
ham : just excellent graphics,1
daniel griffiths : with breathtakingly beautiful backdrops that are simply stunningly,1
matthew bilodeau : not required to spend money to play. can play offline,1
ferdian hendrasto : the art scenery and soundtrack are simply awesome. 4 stars for that. is there a way to acquire the soundtrack separately? anyway,1
er : this is so hard to put down! a great and simple game with an amazing art style,1
azha f : my phone is asus zenfone 6. i like how this game looks like,1
mohd zahir harun : doesn't work on asus zenfone 2. the game loads and it went to black screen.,0
nazo 45 : this game probably has the best looking and most simple game i've downloaded. good job to the developers,1
jessi sch. : this is probably the prettiest game i've ever played. the music is great and atmospheric,1
jason dolan : plays great on the nvidia shield android tv. it is so addictive.. the only issue's i'm see is that the leanback-launcher icon is the stock unity icon. also some of the on-screen commands reference touch controls. it would take very little to make this a polished game for android tv.,0
doogel altner : this game is one of those beautifully crafted games with great music and great challenges,1
shane hadfield : works on my phone,1
gavin penfold : endless runners can have a hard time being original,1
travis bradley : like a more serious ski safari. great game! i think you should be able to flip faster though. i'd like to see more upgrades and such in the future too!,1
d. k : great artwork and very similar to ski safari (adventure time) though not quite as fun,1
m binderup : i can play just fine. it has to be your tablets. i have a four year old tablet and it works fine. great game btw,1
wiaan van aswegen : game looks amazing but it does not load past the first splash screen (blank screen),0
muhammad arif irfan : please fix it,1
logan bixby : i'm not a huge fan of endless runners but this is one of my favorite games,1
toby verdaguer : the game looks awesome! i just really hate that my screen goes black after showing "alto's adventure". i just really wish i could play the game. phone:galaxy s4,0
crnk snart : so freaking addictive i suggest this game to people that likes video games because this is something i have never seen before.,1
roderick ingram : the game looks fun,1
chris kliewer : keeps crashing on my zte rapido before it even starts,1
daniel : in the tutorial i can't do a bloody backflip... i tap and hold on my screen but he keeps staying as he was and doesn't do anything,0
don hood : shame too,1
adrien r. : this game is probably one of the best of the entire play store . it has gorgeous graphics ,1
goldydalion : zenfone 2 ze551ml user,1
storm sekules : amazing game! lighting effects,1
copper dragon : brilliant game mechanics,1
gus videos : after the logo,1
william barron : fun,1
luis solis : the setting is beautiful,1
night crawler : simple yet good gameplay and the beautiful graphics and music make this game one of my favorites on the play store. pro tip:do not use network to play this or any other mobile game if u really hate ads!,1
anthony lindsay : really good game obstacles should puzzling and should have more tricks and skins. zoom in and slowdown game play somewhat to give it a more personal feeling,1
tony mousseau : i'm addicted to this game its so fun and simple,1
deepak chalwadi : fun to play,1
kevin arehart : it keeps going black every time i play it.,1
anand vinod : it may have problems in huge jumps...but still awesome to get away from boredom,1
al griffiths : great game but at night it is hard to see especially the ice or rocks in the forest,1
michelle cohen : working ok now after an error in tutorial. beautifully designed game.,1
sean meston : the visuals of the game are brilliant and even more so at night. it is very addictive!,1
vladimir kim : great game to pass the time. love the minimalism,1
avetis m : i think it's kind of relaxing game. nice music and fun graphics are making you happy. fast developers- quick updates ! take 5 stars guys,1
benjamin turpin : won't work for me on acer tablet hangs on black screen after title page,0
the paywall : really enjoyed this working app thats fun . i love the detail how its not blocky,1
dylan shane : the game overall is amazing and the graphics are top notch. there's no excuse for you not to have this!!!,1
albuen jan ango : screen's just plain black after the title screen..hmmmm,0
howard kampf : my nook hd tablet won't load the game could you make it able to load on my tablet in the next update and i'll recommend everyone i know on clash of clans and everything,1
adam simmonds : absolute gorgeous art style,1
tyrone ong : great game and quite addictive. love the graphic too. but one question: do birds rest on the ground when it's raining? maybe it's just design,1
milos lukic : the game won't start on asus memopad hd 7. i only see black screen.,1
meghal s. : beautiful,1
alec nist : it just goes to the title screen then turns black please fix this,0
ryan t : i usually don't like endless runners,1
dominic powell : is there no way to synchronize progress between multiple android devices? seems like the only missing feature.,0
sam haigh : great game u don't have too watch adds or anything if u don't want,0
george good : just lovely nice game. very addictive.,1
alexander zass : it finally made it to android! this has been my favorite game on ios since it launched,0
sharaz tahir : there's just no other way than to love alto. most appreciated!,1
jim mel : cant wait for more content. i can see this getting as fun as tr,1
bunhom tkachenko : i was not acually able to play the game after the title screen it would stay black forever,0
george kamal : i love the high-quality and the stunning day and night graphics feels great with the moving background as well.,1
dustin foster : game starts i see the initial title screen then goes black and audio plays,1
sagi : great game. awesome art style. just one thing,1
jaret schwab : this game is mediocre at best uninstall !,1
vaibhav singhavi : dear developer give us one time app in purchase for 2.99 $.,1
bradley johnson : i really like the game but i really dislike having to watch ads,1
luke gard : i like the simplistic stylish game play mixed with the unlocks,1
t chai : feeling good everytime i play this game. i finished the game in ios before and now start new one in android.,1
omar 9941 : the game worked! thanks for it.. it's a great game,1
bazem : i was really excited to play this game i saw it and it looked cool then it finally downloads and it says cannot open.,1
cecilia wong : aesthetically pleasing,1
hasan : my nexus 5 got hot during the game,1
victor manuel mendoza : this game its kinda hard at the begining but then you get use to it and the art style is amazing!!!,1
carlos r : i love the background of this game,1
jatrix soris : i can't open it up sometimes,1
agrazor gaming : music is pleasant. graphics are minimalistic. in short this is a great game!,1
truffis : beautifully designed and it runs flawlessly. but please update flappy golf to have multiplayer like ios does!!,1
lewis thomas : really fun game,1
jay shukla : just black screen nothing happened after selecting game. have asus zenfone 5.,0
neil norton : a wonderful departure from the run of the mill runner games! i love everything about it!,1
noah imrie : awesome game graphics its sooooo beautiful and gameplay feels great.... just play it.,1
amit naithani : very nice background music; soothing graphics; intelligent difficulty levels,1
robert steele : all launches,1
farad : very cool game"literally " hard to quit playing. i loved the graphics and music. nice job on this one!,1
leo luna : its fun to play not to hard and its addicting to play good game to play qhen your bored,1
milad sobhkhiz : nice sound effects,1
j sjs : honestly the best game ever i like how it has culture in it to my culture,1
ronen goldberg : atmosphered,1
tc : well designed game and the melodies are sort of relaxing,1
john watson : graphics ,1
diwakar : i like the way the game was created. the ui is also nice for the gamer. alto is nice.,1
mrsixfigz : consider adding more items to the workshop.,1
dridrar : everything in this game is good: the music,1
jazmeer fikri : i like this game but i hope u can change rock colour. how can i see the rock when the colour is the same with background? expecially during morning or sunny day. please do something about this.,1
jovyn lewis : this game is simple but elegant amazing music beautiful visuals just an amazing game definitely play this amazing game,1
john morales : this game is really good honestly. highly recommend!,1
neal livingston : what a great addition to my aesthetically pleasing mobile game arsenal. well done!,1
kellan krakosky : the game itself is addictively fun but the art just puts it over the top.,1
ahmad s : one if the best games i played on mobile.,1
ray sheng : it looks and runs incredible on my s6. fantastic work!,1
oltean catalin : black screen after title on asus zenfone 2 with 5.0 lolipop,0
tristan chester : black screen bug not fixed,0
kerel geraldi : i like the game 'cause is easy ,1
angel leyva : a truly original and beautiful game. the landscape is absolutely gorgeous.,1
ash loft : addicting gameplay and stunning visuals but unfortunately it is now ruined thanks to the latest update leaving me a black screen very unhappy as i enjoyed playing this as i don't play most endless runners,0
jeremy crider : addicted,1
a google user : i'm so glad this game to android. it is awesome,1
mars : it's addictive and can keep you entertained forever.,1
altus lourens : i was the first person in the world to download it,1
gustavo cardoso : this is a excellent free game with out pop-up advertising!,1
wizard : as the title says and yay u fixed the bug that held the black screen a little bit after the title and amazing graphics,0
amaro : love the game,1
christian sobande : i was waiting for them to make it free so i could get it.,1
rene philpott : a truly picturesque game that i simply cannot tire of.,1
chris evans : i'm surprised its not been downloaded more because it is a very fun game to play but i would say it needs more gameplay modes and features as it does get repetitive,1
s00thsay3r # : awesome graphics,1
bamboo bricker : you should definitely get this,1
farhan tarwala : boring...playing the same thing again and again,0
carolina oliveira : it's a wonderful game,1
juss von : i played this on iphone but when i got android it was not on playstore. thank you,1
mario rossi : the game crashes on startup,1
prajwal bhaskar : one of the best side scrolling games that i've played!,1
christian : excellent,1
a google user : simple premise,1
noah tolliver : i love the game graphics and physics. you guys did great!,1
richard e : beautiful art,1
joseph kuah : nice game ^^ more characters please ^^ and would love the option so that it's always day time :),1
tom wray : great looking,1
iam jp : just completed the game in four days.amazing graphics and so much facts of controls.,1
ken bauer : a fun distraction,1
vishal nayak : super cool game. graphics and sound is awesome. worth a try,1
grandgranslammer : the app wont evan start. it says the title then just goes black and doesn't start,0
tahtah thomasson : made my heart race with anticipation for what i was to encounter next. great feel good game!!!,1
gelsyn ferrera : i hardly recommend this game it is very good and fun. i like it.,1
incognito acc : i love the style of art. the concept of time and different types of weathers. this game also has very very smooth graphics and amazing sound tracks/music in the background. its just fits in perfectly. amaxing game!!!!!!,1
brian cobb : this game is amazing the only thing is it needs character upgrades,1
supper3 : try making the rocks a little more visible.,1
david wasley : like the smoothness of gameplay. also very fun and addictive!!! you did it again noodlecake!! keep the great games coming!!!,1
a google user : doesn't do what it should,1
kazyouki : great graphics wish u could do tricks with the flips but overall awesome,1
harshavardhan rajagopal : i appreciate the ideas and efforts put into this game. keep up the good work.,1
tharun beeravelli : not responding,1
positronicreflex : nice game concept,1
a a : beautiful boring rip-off of ski safari.,1
nic : art in motion! love to know what this was made in,1
pxn : wonderful weather. i spend a lot of time watching the home screen,0
hlg d3adwatch : it looks,1
alan orth : i love the graphics! very peaceful,1
amit bhalerao : art design is so beautiful... but devs please add costumes or different characters to it.,1
corby richardson : maybe i just haven't played enough,1
ratan chinni : the gameplay is okay,1
lee studd : beautiful looking game,1
miore : you should add front flip and more tricks also more upgrades other then that this game is good also more modes like a story mode or challenge mode for you and your friends,1
tarcio saraiva : love the graphics and the simple adventure style. well done.,1
me when the : this will be my new favorite game!,1
vita ladro : absolutely amazing. i will be waiting for those downloads to soar. best of luck,1
avery k : the graphics are beautiful and i love the game very much :),1
alex java : best designed game. very nice. recomend you all!,1
droidbash ds : cant load this game,1
bruce luo : finally i don't need to go to apple store to play this game!!!,1
stuart harrison : amazingly simple graphics accompanied with dubious gameplay,1
justin silva : this is one of my top 10 video games,1
francisco bandera : with much simple shapes they create a gorgeous game,1
gaurav kashyap : graphics are very good and seamless weather and time change are good concept,1
shinsora : i really love the song in the trailer video makes me feel warm inside,1
bianca balderrama : i love the game and the way the game looks is crisp and clear and just really beautiful this was a refreshing game for me,1
shashank sharma : just loved it. very good and addictive. the best snow boarding game ever..,1
a google user : boring,1
arnab seal : the game is too good! well laid out.. perfect graphic,1
venkatesh r : it didn't work for me at all,0
sarah olsway : slightly different from other games give played like this,1
abhishek abraham : best game played till now without getting board,1
quickdash hill : this games is so fun and the art style is awesome,1
nilesh bhalavi : nice graphics and best gameplay,1
lucy jackson : been waiting for this since i played it on my sisters ipad,1
nikos skl : the music,1
naomi martin : really fun. addicting. like the nighttime sky. beautiful backgrounds.,1
dwayne letang : fun! fun! fun! this game is very addictive. a great time killer. nice crisp graphics and easy to play. 5 stars,1
garrett snell : this game is beautiful,1
c1k4v0k1 : it's very good game,1
rey lopez : this game is very addictive it has challenging stuff to do,1
paul nita : playing on oneplus one,1
major wood : oh i love this game already thanks,1
arbaz alam : nice graphic with beautiful music and great game play,1
raghav chhabra : oh just play it already!,1
greddy suwal : love the gameplay. and graphics and sound is no less.,1
cynthia sissom : i just played it like a thousand times!,1
dollah azlan : it's a relaxing game.the art direction is super great..love it.,1
klf 3ameternal : snowboard is ok but i want to be a skier! btw. game is cool.,1
aakash b : one of the most beautiful games i've played!,1
ali mamalachi : this is my favorite game since 2013 it's awesome.,1
jeremiah miller : great on ios,1
harry sandiford : good game,1
tyler gores : to be a good game for a little bit then afterwards you realize that some people to get tired of it but i put 5 stars for this,1
gly tch : one of the best mobile games everyone should get it!!,1
s d t : love the material design..,1
chrono chains : wow it's breath taking excellent game,1
golden hutt : great game weird story,1
manuel lopez : an amazing game. simply filled with detail.,1
glenn kaisa : i justed started idk 2-5min,1
k izumi : excellent game but more upgrades and purpose to playing the game should be included,1
irsyad olay : nice song,1
izzul salihin : hope more games like this in the future :),1
joshua o : great graphics,1
teddy lovdahl : bad game its a space waster,1
cameron wilkinson : this is easily the most addicting game i have ever played,1
flarekyros : it is amazing how popular this game got i was one of the first people to download this beauty,1
sambit biswas : amazing visuals and sound. love it,1
siddartha i : smooth and great performance great work noodlescake for bringing my favourite app from my ipad to my nexus,1
sham8nix : works find on my android phone but doesn't run at all on my hudl 2! gutted! will change rating if it gets fixed.,0
endri mehmeti : one of the best games i've ever played!,1
dusty smith : awesome! super clean and lightweight.,1
velcromango : great looking game. a lot of fun,1
seth bagley : there's no levels and is boring.,1
yanny mishchuk : really well designed,1
ade kurniawan : speechless. great game,1
jackson spinharney : love the game.,1
ridwan maulana : the game can't be played on my zenfone 2 (4gb ver). soon after started,1
jason h : fun and addicting runner style game but on a snowboard!,1
matt waring : no problems so far (nexus 6 running latest marshmallow) - loving it - graphics,1
govind k audichya : great game nice environment in it the only thing which i recommend you to add in it is a torch in the character hand at night i think that would look really great hope you like my idea and add in game,1
pushkar patil : good game i have played ever,1
levi tuttle : the best game i have played in a while.,1
jordan meadows : i haven't had a game this fun in a while,1
zach piescik : one of the most beautiful games i've ever seen,1
clement blesson : my lg e970 can play mortal kombat,1
pramod karandikar : great gameplay and beautiful visuals. enjoying playing.,1
steven ha : gameplay is simple but the graphics are extremely good.,1
asha pimentel : this game is the best!! best new running game!,1
nnamdi anakaraonye : i love this game highly recommend it for good quality,1
naveen anujaya : world most amazing game wow so addictive,1
chris grant : really good game great scenery and graphics,1
jorge rivera : this ones a keeper!,1
philip robinson : gameplay is outstanding,1
george zach : cute game but everything is flickering.,1
sk james second : really beautiful,1
beastmode the best : it has amazing graphics and addictive,1
smug the clown : play all day long but some of the challenges are near impossible like back flip over a fire there no room to flip even with mayra,0
aquib yasin : but ain't no good to play,1
rmb_dev : should be one of the greatest games of this year!,1
vasanth kumar : simply amazing. lovely graphics and beautifully crafted.,1
kinjal savai : beautiful and addictive. great combo.,1
mandeep singh dua : not working stuck on banner screen...bullshit,1
9reeze : i love it though,1
mauricio delgado : it's very good because the music is very relaxing and i like the way you can switch characters and the graphics are impressive hope the developers make more games,1
social chewtoy : llamas,1
diogo calcada : definitely one of the best android games of 2016. congratulations.,1
razr_ vort3x_95_e : i love it and love the way it's based in asia,1
derp'z playz destiny : the graphics are just so heart warming.,1
asananda insan hakim : very smooth gameplay and good graphics !,1
andrei boboc : amazing game,1
jeidyn b : it has good graphics and it is the best endless snowboarding odyssey,1
darkboy. 007 : awesome game!& relax music! guys try it if u want,1
herbivore 710 : it's pretty good,1
sukrut daga : fun to play and great graphics.,1
diego medina tv : great game love it,1
phibr optik : graphics and music bring a nice atmosphere,1
sivakami kami : this game is super and background is good,1
scott campbell : the game is a work of art with amazing gameplay,1
noahfp : very good graphic s and gameplay,1
sylvin rain : best runner game i have seen yet! great graphic,1
jev mendez : love the graphics and music,1
alan cuadros : easy to play and endless fun!,1
vitor hugo morais silva : congratulations.,1
dave wright : awesome,1
trong kien tran : i use adblocker (adaway/root),1
jay comz : like the graphics and music of this game cuz so simple....,1
serhii ovcharenko : the most beautiful game,1
anna uzhovska : i love everything about this game: characters,1
reece q baskin : great game play. wonderful graphics.,1
jaybirdtalonclaws : haven't had this much fun in a long time,1
billy kosandhi : i really like this game,1
nathan vargas : won't even load it just crashes,0
johnny nguyen : need more power up. great game.,1
med younes : best game to waste your time,1
a google user : and is fun to play.,1
dock dement : i've been waiting for this game to go to android i love this game,1
kousik surya s : peaceful game. soft visuals to treat the eyes.,1
diego bertran : and nice game play!,1
cat life : it will not load,1
breno correia / : the sounds in game are perfect!!!,1
toby whelan : very enjoyable game. love the art,1
sagis varman : superb game for time pass. beautiful visual and soundtrack.,1
iain drennan : beautifully made game good job,1
juneid mosaheb : and transitions,1
j. gadiel : i had a iphone only to play this game,1
damindu desilva : it was really nice and so beautiful,1
syed arman : one of the best endless running game,1
tommegg : such great concept,1
kenneth w lewis jr : all around fun game,1
rahiim rodgers : very fun addicting and peacefully beautiful,1
james gallant : snowboarding is awesome,1
kennedy cyracus : i love the structure and color of the game,1
shane allan : smooth game play,1
flextor backup channel : very addictive simple and clean graphics...the best ever runner game..with best in class evolution of graphics....n best audio n visuals..excellent work done,1
dan sagisser : so glitchy it's unplayable... stops and stutters constantly.,1
brayen valent : easy to play,1
joao rei lobo : it's amazing... art style... sound design... graphics... it's what you want in a game... just try it... it's amazing,1
christopher lee : great game. relaxing. fun. glorious.,1
percy armstrong : quirky,1
aldo yulio : nice gameplay,1
colin marcus : awesome game. . i'm addicted.,1
john andrew marquez : please fix. :),1
ljah : perfect. the llamas are beautiful,1
saw2182 hjk : you can lean forwards but not backwards,1
omnis : insanely fun and very relaxing!,1
patrick fahy : this game is no longer rad due to update,1
ps4broz : its addicting,1
nikhil jk : simple,1
killian_tiny : it's really fun,1
ali jawwad : love the smoothness of the game!,1
dylan martinez : absolutely love it,1
nilo catur nugroho : i really love it,1
david crista : needs a paid version to remove advertising.,1
eliezer gonzales : everytime i open it just dark room.pls fix,0
erik herel : not original theme,1
han : combining lamas and snowboarding equals an awesome game!!!!!!,1
osvy .e : art work is 10 out of 10 !! ...game play 10 out of 10 !!,1
edi boyahchan : love the visuals,1
antonio pinto : unplayable when it is night time in the game,1
mattchoo : fum. good game,1
akash mondal : by far the best game in the play store...,1
darren nugent : why's there an in ad telling me to get the game i'm already playing?,1
will hourihan : i wish there were more characters and upgrades,1
luis david : very fun to play amazing scenery,1
blvckoutv6 gaming : great game!,1
deploy man : now work and i love it. nay i ask? what the function if level increase?,1
derek jordan : super addicting,1
steven fityo : cool and beautiful game!,1
cara chiaramonte : beautiful and challenging game!,1
john lea : simply the best!,1
matthew inacio : i love this game!!!!,1
hrishi oberoi : loved it!!,1
cwebersoffl : and art style,1
sushant chandel : i loved it awesome game,1
layo m : extremely fun and beautiful,1
e1011925 : good game and clean view,1
muhammad magdy : very good game and challengeable,1
jonathan bressler : very fun and beautiful,1
a google user : beautiful and simple,1
undeadchoaz : extremely addictive,1
aditya uphade : nice game with nice graphics,1
angie thomas : it is a fun game to play,1
yosua riadi : fantastic .. very smooth ..,1
thian thiaan : amazing touches,1
adithyan 22 : nice game with great gameplay,1
james r : a llama?? he's supposed to be dead!,1
alexandros bithyzis : running apps? really?,1
luis : beautiful and fun game,1
asif hasan : aesthetically very pleasing,1
ali ghadiri : try it,1
a google user : very relaxing,1
abhishek victor : great time pass,1
oeydannysinclair 84 : good graphics and fun,1
parker scholl : its fun and addicting,1
andhika setiawan : great design and gameplay,1
garrett eidsvig : must play,1
bob larry : very good graphics,1
steven nataliesteven : great app brilliant,1
harman g : new temple run,1
bo dana ben jumah : love this game,1
a google user : lol 2nd to download.,1
mairead o'sullivan : relaxing and addictive,1
fakhrozi ivano yahya : nice graphic,1
gene t : beautifully designed,1
aditya ghadage : nice gameplay,1
shelby n : it is beautiful,1
olamide macjob : phenomenal,1
sparky jones : iap to buy coins but not disable ads?,0
muhammad akbar : crash,1
kehinde airiodion : boring,1
jalil fierro : aesthetic,1
t a : finally.,1
jonathan brunato : it sucks,1
french potato : hard to master,1
sam gemmet : alto's adventure has been a favorite of mine since it came out on ios. it's a very beautiful game and one that i could play for hours. i was concerned when i heard it would be free on android and supported by ads,0
andrew greeson : not sure why there's a lot of hype but it's a good game nonetheless. however,1
chad estes : i don't play many games,1
aine burris : it doesn't work at all.the start is just a black screen and it didn't start,0
mircea : i was excited about the game,1
hirrto hattki : i started playing it now i can't stop. great game.,1
jordan nottingham : very fast,1
ido : finally we meet! after my iphone broke i never had a chance to see you again!,1
felix ousback : though it should probably keep the phone from going to sleep in the middle of a run..,1
mr macaroni : the best game but the shop could use more things and more power up,1
bmj : far more relaxing than actual skiing,1
king alyias : this game has awesome futurs,1
a google user : one of my all time favourite mobile games!,1
emerslam : great game. however there should be an option to purchase the game like on ios.,1
mohammed abu qwaider : very beautiful game i have been playing it on ios,1
george b : the simpleness of the game is what makes it great 10/5,1
alex skull 8 : a little boring but it is good!,1
addison heider-metour : i love it and it's the best,1
ben caparoso : one of the best games for android.,1
james walling : graphics are amazing,1
marc howell : great game!!,1
18 sunikhil nandan dansu : fascinating art awesome music,1
mahmoud boujmil : does the game have only one map ?,1
random name : unlike ski safari ,1
dave west media : awesome looking and sounding game,1
maxime lebrun : what a sumptuous game,1
darius moss : this is a well polished,1
a google user : it's one of the best games i've seen on android. its like ski safari grew up!,1
dianne consolacion : perfect game to play in short bursts. extremely polished in terms of visuals,1
charles kevin : the beautiful weather interface for the eye,1
john manson : just wanted to add to the chorus of people complaining about no option to remove ads. ruins the experience completely. i get the free on android thing because pirates but at least unlock it for those who pay for an iap or something!,0
stitch official : amazing little game,1
ibrahim sheikh : reminds me of the old jetpack joy ride type games,1
suhan s : this is the kinda game that brings out the beauty of the screens of higher end phones like the galaxy s6. absolutely worth it,1
alan herve meric : doesnt work,1
debanjan paul : aesthetically pleasing. besides that,1
rubny emile : one more song would be a nice addition,1
donovan metcalf : the game is very dark in color pallet,1
amanda goddard : i have been waiting almost a year for it to come out on android. i have to steal my daughter's ipad to play!,0
zach heise : beautiful game,1
baran uluerler : it looks fun. but it would be better if started..,1
karthik narasimhan : challenging physics,1
nic linville : literally almost bought an iphone for this game. the joy it brings me is greater than that of the birth of my children. thank you,1
hiroaki min : hope you can add more challenging obstacles in futher update.,1
nicolas cook : amazing material grafics,1
shaun lou : i hve been waiting 2 play this on android for so long. its super fun,1
abe ramseyer : this game is so pleasing to look at. i love the simple design and sound/music,1
void nowaz : i think that they cood at leest make the back flip time a bit faster,1
antonis tsagaris : for once,1
nick camp : thrilled this game finally came to android! so far so good. no major errors,1
grant newman : simply stunning. you have to try this game out. i'd happily pay for a live wallpaper with some of this scenery!,1
d nguyen : this came to android. nicely done,1
faisal ahmed : yes,1
r : after i saw it on ios i had been waiting for it to be launched on android platform for quite a while...! awesome game,1
michael furtak : and a ton of fun to play to boot!,1
a k : beautifully designed and extremely smooth. simple,1
mayur kher : please fix.,1
john priddey : a beautiful game that surprisingly works very smoothly on my samsung s3 mini.,1
gruven haus : if noodlecake has their hands in this it will be pretty sick!!!,1
cameron yeager : finally on android,1
ryan dominguez : i love it so much is just simply fun and enjoyable while i'm in the bus on the train i love you so much,1
chintan panchamia : flat design,1
silver cardona : actually is the same 'typical-snowboarding-game' but the art is awesome!,1
paulius daunys : probably the most beautiful mobile game out there!,1
marco michael : good game good graphics ... and the soundtrack is so good and the best of it i don't get any ads .. bravo !,1
jo aristo : a simple game but still fun. a nice timewaster too. worth trying,1
krishanu dutta bhuyan : rock visibility at night could have been better though,1
max mathys : love it,1
emmanuel dicky : cant open the game after installing and slow respond from dev,1
mahmud kamal x : fantastic game with awesome graphic and wonderful gameplay,1
igor zatezalo : loving the game,1
costin mirica : stunning design,1
rafael lawrence : best graphics. enjoyable game.,1
roney thomas : fun game. google play games integration would be great.,1
kiraly andras : but nothing special.,1
brad lane : it's just ski safari with slightly better graphics,1
yogesh : polished graphics and a wonderful soundtrack!,1
sanim satri : most importantly its so beautifulll!,1
k a r t r i k : good graphics but notlevel with more addition,1
tejbir singh baidwan : thanks for fixing the tutorial chasm!,1
chris cummins : great design and really fun.,1
sai prashanth reddy : the most beautiful game i ever played.....thanks noodlecake team for giving free,1
farhad haider : very enjoyable to play .. but why google play saying it has only one downloads ??.. means i am the only one playing it !!!...,0
tommy : played before on ios,1
enes msh : the graphics are amazing,1
yanni mecwan : nice scenery graphics,1
salim ennadi : the best graphics and the best gameplasy ever !! this game is a masterpiece . been waiting so long,1
arjun menon : great game.... simple and the best super like... was waiting for this game to come on android,1
raunak : superb! i just can't get enough of it.,1
a google user : ... but it's only ski safari with a 2016 look. if you have played through the other two games,1
fahad kamran : waited forever for this game,1
davin horn : the best stress killer game :'),1
paul marsh : soothing fun game!,1
dimmiti dinesh raja : loved the game..... worth trying,1
rabin fuyal : awesome game love it ...,1
a google user : amazing game very addictive,1
thodoris thomaidis : damn that game is beautiful,1
pankaj phartiyal : lovely gaming experience,1
andrew kvilhaug : awesome snowboarding game,1
j : go for the adventure,1
roshen varughese : gorgeous and fun,1
pushpak dhawan : love the soundtrack,1
shamik ghosh : beautiful and skillful,1
tom cheal : absolutely love this game,1
fenyx : this is a stunning,1
a google user : didn't hear about this game until 10 mins ago. but now i'm loving it! brilliant piece of mobile game design! great visual style,1
jon bridgeman : everything they say about this game is true - it is a beautiful experience that looks stunning. however,1
daniel mehlig : this game is amazing,1
sahadat khandakar : its too difficult to jump the long distance,1
a google user : i only have a single challenge left on my iphone so i'm glad they brought it to android so that i can play it again on a larger tablet screen. when i heard it's gonna be free i was afraid that i'll be stuck with a huge banner on the bottom of my screen every time i wanted to play the game but i must say that i love how they implemented the add system. my only issue is that every time upon loading,0
mr. and mrs. bergeron : i don't get the big to do about it. all you do is snowboard down a never ending mountain. i'm a bit confused why that makes it an amazing game. graphics are on par with most other games.,1
gabriel medina : it's basically sky safari with great visuals but the gameplay is dull and it feels like there's nothing more to do.,1
shamik kundu : have been waiting for it ever since it was released on ios back in early 2015. by far the best endless runner in recent times.,0
r j : finally an endless runner which is enchanting and interesting. gets repetitive and can do with better snowboarders,1
wisik pramono : the design is awesome,1
erwin tejada : a really relaxing game,1
hari : it deserves more than editor's choice. it's just scintillatingly beautiful,1
s zote : ads are a little annoying,1
bat freak : i have nfs most wanted and gta vice city in my phone but it not heat my device but in this game i play only 5 minute and phone heat like microwave please fix this. my phone model is micromax canvas mega- e353,0
kiran chandra : i would happily pay money to remove ads,1
col brokenshire : the first version works great on my zenfone 2 but after the update i am getting a black screen and nothing else...,0
victor feliz : the game is really good. the sound,1
sumit paul : one of the best games in google play.,1
dani ona : simple game mechanics,1
imagon nasah : its an endless runner mixed with great graphics and i love it.,1
deekshan raisinghani : the perfect definition of a mobile game best on the play store cheers and kudos to the developer,1
jose dejesus : it's finally available on android! waited only a year for this,1
pascal fritz : awesome graphics,1
sujith nair : beautiful graphics with soothing soundtrack.. and nice gameplay too,1
adrian patrascu : one star because of the iap and ads. i would like to purchase this game but the developer won't allow me to.,1
a google user : i was waiting for this game since ios premiere. i love it!,1
stu blair : probably the slickest game i've play on android.,1
avik karati : awesome graphics ,1
nilesh reddy : great game but after level 3 it still shows the goals of level 3 in level 4 and level5,0
mushtaq khan : the game physics are buttery smooth and the art work is soothing.,1
alex g : people complaining about ads on a free game is ridiculous.,1
enrico vicari : i was waiting for this game. just as gorgeous as it looked like on ios.,1
karan lahoria : good game. very interesting and have great fun. really best game.,1
paris k : 4.47 for a coin doubler when the full price of the game is $3 on appstore? something isn't right. someone has to rethink their monetization plan.,1
mike jones : rocks spoil the game,1
nelson henriquez : i was waiting for this game for one year already but it finally came to android,1
sandeep zx : most beautiful game i have ever played.,1
a google user : good game especially when you are high.,1
abelardo zavaleta : was great on ios and still great on android,1
jp taljaard : really like this this game,1
pavan kumar : very disappointed with lack of option to disable ads...,1
rizky nindra : nice graphics,1
isman junian : uses a lot of background data. smh,1
prima yuda : damn it's good,1
kima khiangte : loved it!!!! cool graphic and shooting music...,1
prit patel : this game is world best game.,1
yazan farkh : simple.beautiful.lovely!,1
jamie stewart : found it thanks to @cliffwade,1
deviantartjr henz : are you kidding me? revive need to look at the ads?,0
jahin : beautiful and fun,1
vivek parmar : thnks for android...,1
b hansen : beautiful game and very easy and relaxing. the only problen i had was that,1
there want much to do. most of the items cost money and the things can buy,1
without money are not that good. overall,1
relax and play every now and then when things are slow. i would love to see,1
more from this developer in the future.,1
tmx : alto's adventure is not just a skiing game but it focusses more on adventure and skills. you explore different places at different day cycles ( day and night),1
jaymo : its fun if you like smashing into an endless supply of rocks strewn across the slope to throw your timing off. the guy back flips way too slow so get use to wiping out. the soundtrack is meant to soothe but that's kinda hard to do when you're getting frustrated.,0
slowdown sloth : this is a wonderful game. loved it. but there is an issue. there is a glitch with respect to ads. if you momentarily keep the app playing in the background after clicking on watch ad and then open it from active apps the ads usually vanish but the reward for the ad is still given. like i could get unlimited coins by doing this. developers please note.,0
lorna lowder : fun game. love it on my phone. now want to try it out on the tablet. normally my type of games are based on knowledge,1
louis louth : the stunning landscapes put my qhd screen to use. more like watching a great long painting unravel than playing a game. you want to do well so you can see the end of this painting - you dont though. the thing about this game is that it is an endless runner which is a real shame as (sadly) you get bored quickly. lovely but for a short time,1
schenell saladin : the game play was smooth and the art is beautiful. the day and night transitions added depth to the game. every segue in alto's adventure included a loud interrupting colourful advertisement. it took away from the feel of the game in addition to being too intrusive. i understand ad supported games and i expect to see an ad every once in a while,0
natallia mey : i love this game,1
anyone who wants a calming but challenging game! as much as i love this,1
game i can only enjoy it in short bursts,1
redundent. but i think thats just me haha. you can really see the effort,1
put into this game. good job on making such a great game :3,1
mathew simko : fun,1
calming. the simple but,1
between breaks or if you need to pass time. i enjoyed unlocking all the,1
different characters (my favorite is the llama) and using their different,1
abilities. this is one of my favorite games and i highly recommend it,1
paul macdonnell : i had a great time playing through this,1
david sergey : extremely annoying adds,0
jaden : a very fun and addictive indie endless runner! however,1
tim steinbach : you are just going down a hill doing flips and stuff. avoid the angry town guard and you will be fine. super entertaining. so entertaining i would play it while on the phone with my fiance,0
julio ovalle : nicely done game with wonderful graphics but ultimately a bit boring. i can play adventure time ski safari or ski safari itself for the same kind of the game play and have a much more enjoyable and fun experience. also the game lags a lot despite the fact i'm using a nexus 6 which should be more than enough to handle it.,1
a google user : a beautiful game,1
k sunny man : with only one trick and not very exciting obstacles,1
bossanater your boss : i am bread and butter. i will not be able to make it. i have to pay you back. i am a very good,1
sohier christie : i don't play many mobile games,1
erin nicole fernandez : i don't really post reviews,1
tyler smith : very good game. it is calming,1
ameenath vifadha : ok i'm gonna say it...this is the most frustrating game i have ever played.,1
but i don't blame the game. i am not a very good gamer at all. it really,1
relaxing until the rocks start coming. i hate the rocks. but i have to,0
say...the graphics of this game is great the gameplay is really good. the,1
background is beautiful. i totally think you should download it (unless you,1
are impatient like me lol),1
truth_is_the _new_hate : this game is amazing. the art style,1
a google user : would give a long nice review about it but my phone deleted ever bit of it so this: 1 can't see rocks because(they blend with the background) and trees block them. 2 it is a gambling game if you can do a backflip or not{when it appears to be like crossy road},0
a google user : i dislike how long it takes to actually begin a game; generally if i'm playing a game on my phone it's for a quick distraction,0
robert stark : immediately asks for access to files,1
(which can be denied) without any apparent need for it. beautiful design,0
and aesthetic,1
as possible so that you watch an ad to carry on. uninstalled a few hours,0
later.,1
a google user : this game looks great. the design is wonderful (although definitely ios-inspired with the blurring backgrounds). besides that,1
david clendenon : i loved and played this game for months. one day,1
naveen sharma : i've finished this game a long ago but i always come back to this because i never liked any android game as much as this one except "leo's fortune"... this game has that kind of vibes which will not only keep you busy but also entertained. i think ya'll should give this game a try.,0
a a : i don't normally review games but this is really beautiful. the gameplay is fun but the art style is absolutely gorgeous and even the interface ties in perfectly too. very charming game. one thing i don't like is when the guy on llamaback starts chasing you,1
starwanderer andromeda : just like a bunch of other games,1
tomer helzer : nice game and good graphics,1
isaac kobza : the game itself is very well produced and is very infectious already spreading through 1 million android devices,0
adam o. borja : i found it simple to play,1
ngc 12 : loveliest game i've ever played. it's so relaxing and really suitable to,1
play after a tiring day. all the graphics are just so great,0
soft i would say. the music is so comfortable. i can't wait to try alto,1
odyssey but before that,1
ben smalley : i really like the art style of this,1
a google user : alto is a great game. very beautiful,1
annisa sabrina : this game is amazing in so many ways! beautiful art style,1
a google user : very interesting i was thinking to download a game under 70 mb because my,0
phone's storage was less but now i got this i am downloading the game and,1
will feed back you after 3 days guys . thank u. if agree with me then plz,1
hit like,1
laif garrett : wouldnt allow me to simply jump over the rock obstacle. oh yea fun to play till you stumble upon a rock which is often. any time i could get the player to jump he would idiotically attempt a backflip.. seriously android developers its been months since ive seen a fun,1
nignog : alto's adventure is a very pretty game. it's not afraid to give you landscape shots of its scenery. however,1
shari s. : i was attracted to this because it reminds me of this game i played as a kid in prep school. there was this one mac pc in the computer lab that had this skiing game on it where you had to avoid obstacles like stones,1
prakhar : this game is also available on xbox app in windows 10. graphics in 10 is same as in android version. the game has a bit positive impact on my mind. as compared to other games (with negative content) it is a good one. achievements make it special. the game features a mountain terrain with changing theme,1
kaustav saha : alto's adventure lived beyond the expectations of it's user's.....it's soothing music,1
ryan heddins : seems fun,1
patricia loga : it was by far my absolute favourite game! and then idk what happened but i'm assuming an update and the graphics just stopped working altogether. what used to be a coin is now a gold rectangle and what used to be a ramp is now some blurry brown lines. you can barely see the rocks anymore and the game seems as if it was just released with a million glitches! would love to install it again if they fix the bugs but for now it's just not worth it.... :(,0
a google user : i give 4 stars on the game because when you pause in zen mode and try to,1
take a shot with the camera mode,1
just a black screen. no picture. i played this game so much awhile ago and,1
i recently installed it,1
thing wrong with the game,1
trevor sean olsen : this is one of the best games i have ever played. it lagged a few times on my galaxy s5 when i had other apps running. other than that it ran great,1
teena gossain : the small thing is that i don't get enough speed to go to (i forgot that name of the gap) the other side and i need to see a video to save myself. but the best part is the elder chasing me,1
khidruun starwolf : simple controls,1
erik arndt : an endless runner with beautiful,1
nathan garthwaite : this game is amazing,1
it packed full of cash unlocks and terrible ads. the cash unlocks i get,1
not everyone want to take the time to unlock all the characters (insert,1
meme about "player choice!"),1
inconsistent with the feel of the game and really break the chill feeling,1
of just carving down a mountain that i use to get. uninstalled the game cos,1
i just can't!,1
a google user : please add another mode where we can play the game endlessly without any,1
interruptions or advertisements like the older version of this game. i used,1
to love the game before but i get irritated now when the game keeps ending,1
every 5 minutes. otherwise,1
suvendu sarkar : it's very lovely game. background music is wonderful. which makes me remember something. but one thing is that some times it's not opening n lagging n crashing bit a lot..otherwise it nice..plss fix these issues..,0
fred ford : i love this game because it is buitiful and ralaxing. i don't like how the added adds and you have to pay for no adds! but i can cope with it. another good thing about alto's adventures is that you can do whatever you want on it because on other games you get set loads of targets and goals to complete. were as on this game,0
ethan erwin : really great has a good concept all though it is very hard to do some of the missions i feel it adds a challenging aspect most games don't have and coins aren't very hard to get if you upgrade your coin magnet but i think the cost for the wing suit is a bit ridiculous lower the cost it will make the game more fun. the last thing i won't to say its a bit lagy but other why's it has no adds and its very good thumbs up :),0
sahil singh : this game seems to have developed a new bug,1
kian howe : i've been playing this game for two years now and it's still a blast to try,1
to beat my old scores. even after completing everything from challenges to,1
achievements you can still enjoy alto's simple yet stunning graphics and,1
fun,1
tank whitney : fix the jumping mechanic and the game would be perfect. it's almost impossible to clear the big jump ramps,0
lane bevers : good game but it would be nice if you weren't forced to sit through adds,1
each time you land wrong. i'd be more willing to out money in for upgrades,1
or coins rather than just to get rid of adds. adds ruined the fun game.,0
dug from the earth : i much prefer other similar ski games that don't stop your enjoyment after "crashing" the first time. this game is just basically an endless runner in that regard. would have given it only 1 star if it way for the superb art.,0
logan affleck : this app is great at incorporating ads so that you don't ever see them unless you chose to. the gameplay is entertaining and the soundtrack is alright. the only downside is that it wants permission to look at my browsing history,0
christian bottorff : the game is fun as hell to play. i would love more than anything to see something just like this,1
jatin : the graphics are subtle,1
mamta sharma : ------ join alto and his friends as they embark on an endless snowboarding odyssey. journey across the beautiful alpine hills of their native wilderness,1
spencer clark : the graphics are good. but,1
backwoods hick : this is a fun and addicting game,1
jack white : this is an overall beautiful game! the music and sound effects surround you,1
aidan francis : very rarely do i rate a game and never have i wanted to do it without being asked. this game is a gem,1
daniel grooms : very fun game,1
jonel alexis caroc : the game mechanic was great,1
tia pagett : it calms me down and puts a smile on my face no matter what i always have a goal if its to get heaps of money to skip a task or to complete a task to unlock a new character i love it so darn much,1
sokol avdyli : this game has great graphics. i used to play it for a long time in ios and now im very satisfied its available and works like a charm in android. dont listen to noob people that say this doesnt work. they all know is how to use facebook.,0
samantha moore : i really tried to like this game but there was so many kinks while trying to play such as blank screen or my screen would randomly rotate making me lose instantly everytime. it was more annoying and frustrating than enjoyable.,0
sage serendipity : such a beautiful game! i wish i could walk right into it. it reminds me of monument valley with its gorgeous graphics! usually i'm not too fond of non-puzzle games,1
bruh : visually stunning game,1
vlado jokic : game is designed around selling in app purchases. make a mistake and pay up coins you worked hard to get. we've seen enough of this. i'd rather pay a couple of dollars and be left alone to play the game without being hustled.,1
m a r a : the best way of life and the other hand i have to be a good idea to the world of the most popular properties in the uk and ireland destinations only a few days ago by the way to get the cheapest price for the next day delivery of the most popular properties in the uk and ireland destinations only a few days ago by the way to get the cheapest price for the next day delivery of the weather was wondering how much it costs and benefits package for your reply by a local authority in next few months and the re,0
james dennison-farrar : good game ... only bad thing is that if u crash near the start alot the music becomes irritating ... just wish there could be more music tracks.. and different moods of music depending on the time of day and weather. thanks,1
a google user : graphics have defined this game. background music is so nice that it won't let the player get out easily. day and night sequence is one of the best parts of this game. thanks for making it and keep making such games.,1
kirei kotomine : it's not the best game but i usually hate endless runners but this game won me over. it is different from other ones and is a joy to play.,1
rory carroll : i love it but a glitch has happened where i lose the money i collect and i am now on -30,1
andy bennett : i love this game. it's the perfect thing for a phone or tablet. a simple idea for a little physics platformer pulled off flawlessly and with more care than similar games other developers crank out in swarms. with that said,1
caitlyn burgin : this game is beautiful and peaceful and i love it but i'm not very good at time based machanics haha if this were turned into a pc game with adventure like the two brothers game i would be all up for it. even though i can't play it i still enjoyed it so 5 stars!,1
gillian cotton-graves : great gameplay but the game itself continues to stop and shut down every,1
time i would open to the app. i had to uninstall because i'm frustrated by,1
it.,1
sheena shin : easy to understand and smooth playing. the controls are easy to use and the point of the game is simple. sometimes my controls are not working and the character seems to slide on without being able to jump. i have to restart the game in order for the character to jump again. please fix.,0
a google user : this game deserves 5 stars on every single aspect. it is too good to be a,1
free game but thank god it is. the graphics are pure breathtaking beauty,1
and controls are simple,1
mesmerizing,1
on their phone is missing out on the greatest experience that a phone could,1
give and anyone who rates it badly must have done it by accident. and i,1
just cannot wait for alto's oddessy!,1
aswath : you have to watch ads to continue playing if you make a mistake once. otherwise you start from the beginning. i would play this game if more "lives" were given or if there were checkpoints. for all its graphics and "one tap" system,0
wangyang xie : beautiful game but limited gameplay mechanics makes the slow progression in unlocking new characters painful - which are supposedly eased via iaps. however,1
butterfly jmw : it's such a cute little game that is simple but still gets challenging. it is very addictive and i can't stop playing.,1
jay dubster : basically a "tap to jump over rocks" sideways scroller. looks & sounds good but that's it. levels are same but with "travel further without crashing" or "pick up a certain thing" gets dull after about 2-3 levels. really don't see what all the fuss is about,0
swethaa selvam : i've been searching for a good game for so long and now it feels like i've found my destiny... the graphics are so beautiful and i don't want to stop playing. i normally don't rate apps but here it is to the most amazing game in the world!,0
a google user : pretty good. i liked it because it lets you calm down or makes you relax but it also shows you a journey,0
cody fisher : they said they fixed the black screen after the title but it just happened to me. good job guys,0
manoela l. : i'm very angry coz this game has a lot of ads,1
could play the version without them. well,1
chances to revive the character after watching ads,0
only have one extra life and if you intend to gain coins,0
again. so it's a scam,1
harder to get things done with only 1 extra life,1
vjai prabaharan : its best adventurous game i have ever seen. best work team. keep on going like this best animation and sound effects. i love it. thank you for providing us this type of treat,1
raven lagoon : total awesome game with dope music. i really like these adventure games with person traveling all over the place. really loved it.,1
sanofar sano : i play this game when i feel alone and this game even get rid my depressions love this soooooooo much #well #done #guys,1
tanmay arora : it's an absolutely beautiful game. the zen mode is the best thing to do to relax your mind after a long and rough day. the music is beautiful. thanks for this guys.,1
nina vizcarra : it was alright. got a bit bored eventually. some levels were already a bit,1
challenging from the start,1
little slowler.,1
kheshavan jayakumar : woah lucky thing this great game was not priced in android devices because the price of it is nearly as minecraft's price on ios. this game is cool with soothing music and great graphics,1
christian velez : it's simple,1
alexander a : the game won't run past the title screen. just goes black and freezes my phone. uninstalled until fixed.,0
thecraich : the game is fun and it looks good. it's pretty much adventure time ski safari. if you fall down you either have to watch advertising or pay money. sooo unethical. just charge your dollar and leave the ads out of it noodlecake.,1
david hudson : this game is a lot of fun it's almost like that ski jump game but it's cooler than a darker seen ish um it's great when your boredom,1
john d : everytime you die/wreck you either have to watch a 45 second video or spend gold coins to get back to the game. when you are learning the game,0
a google user : i think that this is a wonderful app,1
juan deag : damn,1
chase martin : great game,1
anish chandra : a brilliant game that blew my mind. beautiful scenes of mountain along with simple controls combined with the thrill of doing stunts makes it a perfect game.,1
kendall dixon : i love this game the graphics,1
vishal : looks interesting when played for the first time. but totally got bored,1
when played 4 to 5 times. not that good. can't expect more from it.,1
kinsey adams : when i got to the part to jump over the huge hole i never made it even uf my timing and speed were right .,1
andrea coleman : i absolutely adore this game!! it's definitely one of my favorites. it's calm,1
kylexxo : been looking for this game for the longest time! i played it some time ago and sadly had to uninstall because i needed more memory,0
1434 5860 : i don't see what everyone is so excited about in this game. this game is just like any other "endless runner" game. it's got the same level of enjoyment as any of them and is almost disappointing with respect to all the great reviews it was given.,0
d. ruesch : is a beautiful,1
ravivarma raja : felt little repetitive. kinda boring. on the other hand,1
jenna gohn : this game reminds me of tiny wings for ios,1
soumodeep sarkar : this game was never meant for hotshots with raging spirit. it was always a masterpiece created for peace and harmony,1
partha sarkar : it is no doubt one of the best game game i have ever come across. love it. especially i love it most when it starts raining with thunderstorm.,1
maggie cook : this game is so beautifully styled and a unique twist on the linear runner genre. it's an incredible game for people with anxiety (it has a zen mode!). i could go on for hours about everything i love about this game but i'd just recommend you give it a try! it's free so why not? :) thank you noodlecake for making this masterpiece <3,1
dylan billa : most games,1
ritu raj singh : it is full of adventure and a cool game with best graphics ,1
a google user : one of the best immersive game ever. i've loved it's magical music and background sound effects. day and night cycle and weather effects are beautiful. overall it is a smooth endless skating game with level ups,1
em b : couldn't make it through tutorial. guy kept falling into the chasms or just short of the lines,0
thedrkstknight : continues to challenge you without making you feel like the next goal is unobtainable. this has been my goto offline game for months. great if you want to play a game for 5 mins or much longer play sessions. it truly rewards you rhe longer you keep at it.,1
robert crawford : it was so good,1
thunder drone : i absolutely love this game,1
shivam narinesingh : super chill,1
rory calvin : this game is absolutely fantastic and i've never seen a game that gets art style,1
pavan j powani 13mse0149 : game play is simple and smooth. and the design is amazing. 4 stars because videos to earn coins don't work for me,1
joshua rocker : still new in this game..but i give 5 star because i see other people comment that this game is amazing..son i wanna this out,1
a google user : i first downloaded smash it then i took up this game.... omg this is a best offline game guys. no questions of telling a complaint about it...keep it up,1
florida beer blog : there is almost no way to figure out how the game works. uninstalled after 5 minutes of trying to play through a poorly-made intro stage. avoid.,0
piyush pandey : we would love to see a part - 2 of altos adventure from noodlecake studios with some new exciting features and better story mode.,1
koy sor : it's not the best endless snowboarding runner. it looks great but ski safari adventure time and solipskier are much better.,1
kevin calaway : took forever to make it over first chasm. made it very boring. lost interest rather quickly.,0
a google user : for what it is (a mobile game and an endless runner) it is simply perfect. looks great,1
joe mama : terrible. i open it up,1
richard cockbill : just not fun. poorly introduces game mechanics and forces you to pay to continue,1
gaury shankar pathak : very good nice fabulous heart relaxing game best afford was to be faced before making the game nice sounds also that relax mind heart and soul best.,1
rudra chakraborty : zen mode is very relaxing... my fav thing to do when i am in too much tension,1
a google user : there is something about this game that is so calming and soothing. the graphics,0
james clutterbuck : absolutely love this game,1
anirudh jayakumar : the background visual is soo pleasing that i cant even focus on the game. this is just thr best games i've played to date.,1
anandu babu : i love its bgm its very touching i usually play endless mode for long,0
lasting voice of piano . the game levels are really good . it is an,1
antidepressant game .i love it,1
zub air : it's been a long time since i've played a game that has been well made like this. hats off to you developers.,0
eric daly : especially when it goes into night mode which you can't control,0
simon kite : title appears,1
daisy rose : when i first downloaded the game,1
kld gamer : this game is the stress relief you need your life. especially zen mode. purely amazing and i thank the developers and musicians who composed the soundtrack. amazing game,1
alex v : doesn't backup with google play games even if it is connected. google play games still has got my achievements but the game doesn't compel after connecting. lost all of my progress. it's a pity because i used to like these game. time to play something else instead i guess.,0
tomiwa temiloluwa : it's a really nice and awesome game. no bugs,1
youssef abdelaal : it's a great game it's fantastic just remove the ads so i can play and rate 5 stars,1
void : the controls were unable to work properly. just an overall bad setup. may want to rethink this game.,0
billeigh largent : the screen goes black. i reset my phone. still does not work. most stupid game ever. dont get this app waste of storage. make it better when it actually works i will give it 5 stars,0
thomas vandervelden : launches and shows title screen,1
anshisintrouble :d : the game is breathtakingly beautiful. fun to play with stunning visuals ,1
ajanee smith : i love the art style,1
isl n. : i am still playing this game and never got bored of it,1
daniel puckett : real pretty game,1
aqil mirza : honestly,1
nicholas d : this game has such a calm atmosphere,1
emily bruhn : alto's adventure is a really fun game! with most "how long can i go for" games i tend to get bored of them really fast,1
anthony b. : it looks perfect. whoever made the design should become an animator,1
b3hr : one of the best indi games i've ever played im shocked beautiful music and a beautiful landscape oh and i cannot forget the characters,1
sannyqua : definitely my favorite game. very few mobile games leave such a big impact on me. for now two and this one takes the cake. the scenery is outstanding,1
parth shah : the recent update not only brought in crazy amounts of ads,0
brian devillier : it's a nice game with excellent graphics,1
h s thakur : i like it because of its scenes and a great background music. best to play. people who want to play 2d games they can download.,1
brody : really made me angry and i was only on it if 5 minutes. the tutorial didn't explain enough,1
a google user : there seems to be issue with the game. when travelling through a forest or,0
during storms the screen graphics flash and become unstable with large,1
areas of the screen covered by pixelated graphics.,1
austen yawn : this game had some real relaxing aura to it and it was frustrating.. but i had no problem coming back to it to play it again regardless,1
david jaime : great game. very enjoyable. absolutely hate in everyway when it brings up,1
an add right before it thinks that you're going to try to play again after,0
a game ends,1
bobb saxena : alto adventure is a great time killer . but it uses a lot battery please fix it for me. then i will give it for star,1
b r : omg i can't even. i literally can't even make it through tutorial and there is a chasm where my character falls down and the only option is to hit restart and play the tutorial over and over again with all the unhelpful help messages repeating,0
wasa wirman : when i installed in my new device,1
kiimi : graphic,1
it's a beautiful well made game and it should be played by lots of people,1
thanks for such an amazing game.,1
lowell scott : great art style and fitting music,1
funmilola jempeji : this game is one that you just love so much that you keep coming back to it. it's amazing and the graphics and game control are really good.,1
jason thompson : love it . everyone comment are true. can someone please help me with removing the ad update the ads just stopped. thank you,0
sibusile langa : i loved this game. beautiful effects,1
plump jaguar : please fix it on my hudl 2 it won't load. i like the look of the game and really want to play it please fix,0
puranjai chauhan ps051 : there are problems coming just previously as while i am playing the game goes rewind and certain glitches appear. please fix it.,0
sugar and pie : i looooove this game soooo much and not just me my brother love this game too. whenever you see him he was just playing this game. again i love this game soooooo much.:-),1
hannah lindsey : i deleted this app when an ashleymadison ad popped up. this used to be a great app fir any age,1
joshua samuel : it was a joy to play,1
psyche : my friend recomended this game to me and when i first had a look,1
brian ream : i like this game and i want to play it but my eyesight isn't good enough to distinguish objects when it's dark. this is not for people with less than perfect vision.,1
brian hobson : this game looks like so much fun but just like all other zenfone 2 users it will not show anything further than the logo screen and sometimes a small piece of a starry sky on a dark background after the logo page but nothing more. dev team please help! is this just an intel compatibility issue? please fix if possible. thanks!,0
giovanny roman : i cannot begin to tell you how much i love this game. the music,1
ruegegeeow eebej : the best! the best game i've ever played in my whole life. everything is so amazing,1
hansel johannes himawan : oh baby i did triple backflip and the graphics,1
a google user : i hate this game nothing we do without purchasing gems for 200rs. i spend my 200 rs. for only i get 1 chance if you not have money this is waste of data.,0
praveen chauhan : awsm and outstanding game ever played.. this game is a mind refreshing as it shows how nature is beautiful..the sound of storm ,1
cameron silva : this game just kind of bored me. really attractive art style but the actual play is pretty mediocre in my book.,1
peter mcewen : great soundtrack beautiful graphics ready controls and gameplay. the whole package definitely. worth the download. can't wait for updates,1
s n sandeep kumar : i found the environment very very good... ignoring the night view everything else is amazing..... when i close my eyes and hear the music,1
nimi oladimeji : when i went to o2 i played that game and it seemed interesting. i love this game. to noodlecake studios. download their other game quest,1
simoni mhatre : i played this game so many times but i'm still not bored it's very addictive,1
agustin lartigue : one of the best time killers,1
gerald berthelette : easy to pick up and put down whenever you want. beautiful graphics,1
wayne brian arcelo : beautiful art and soothing ambiance. but,1
prasad bhosle : i usually don't like 2d games,1
utsab roy chowdhury : one of the best games here on store,1
a google user : it's very addicted and when you start to play it your like omgsh so keep up,0
with this game and throw in more updates,1
john nelson : i have played this for a year on 3 devices. samsung galaxy note 5,1
russell is my last name : but one thing i don't like is how it takes forever just to get the wingsuit power up,0
muhammad nurhaikal : very well designed app. can tell that the devs pain attention to details but the gameplay itself gets repitive fast.,1
aleksandar cirkovic : this game is ok,1
steve day : alto is my favorite video game of all time. i hope they come out with a sequel. because ever since i finished this game,0
timlovescyn s : very fun and relaxing. controls,1
a bit boring after after a while,0
or something to add some variety.,1
joshua dejano : the cliffs are too difficult to jump,1
angry demon666 : there are some problems with this game something's don't work at all so i'm gonna haved too unistall this game because i need you too fix this game there are about 4 thing's on this game that don't work at all,0
prabhakar rao jillelamudi : really great game. this game will not impress you when you see the screenshot s given. after downloading,1
hailey gallatin : i love this game! i find myself playing it whenever i have spare time. it's simple and easy but has a challenging aspect. and i couldn't say enough about the art style! overall 4-5 star game. just needs more content - updates please! :),1
the alcast : simple,1
justllama : this is no doubt,1
sound effects and music bring peaceful vibes. the graphics aswell as,1
artstyle is stunning! i'd rate this game a 10/10.,1
marie ogun : great game. loved every second but lost my data after unlocking almost all characters and upgrades. my fault but wish i could retrieve all my hard work. dishearted by the idea of starting again i will uninstall,0
muhammad umair : aesthetically pleasing.. both graphically and musically. it might get a bit repetitive for some but that's the problem with every game of this genre. all in all,1
rabie khali : thus game is one of my all time favourites. if the developers keep updating it with new maps and new levels,1
ivan ivanov : the dark background (night) 90% percent of the runs,1
a google user : great game,1
sharad mishra : can't see rock on the way when i'm in full speed. need to add some more features like highfly etc. otherwise game is ok. 3 stars by me.,1
ss s : at first i wasn't interested in it but after i played it for some days i,1
suddenly fall in love with it.i love this game very much .very good,1
graphical environment. it really touches my heart,1
clint bravo : since ive seen this on youtube as the best game,1
liv v : the scenery relaxes me and makes me feel happy. i could recomend this game a thousand times. the story is great and i love the characters!,1
hersh nips : to all of you who hate the add,1
derek hampton : terrible. boring and repetitive. the upgrades serve little value so you don't feel like you progress at all. you don't get a sense of speed from the game and it feels sluggish. i much prefer a game like ski safari 2. maybe your preference is different.,1
joshua bartman : one of my all time favorites,1
a google user : best game ever. my brother played this game for hours and he liked the zen mode. he likes the theme song of zen mode and he was crying. if you make some more stunts and power ups it'll be better. thanks,1
prajwal gowda : please enable more slow motion jumps on zen mode and less the deep forest and please keep adding new background music. otherwise loved the game.,1
a google user : this game has amazing graphics and beautiful scenery. it also has night and day time plus weather effects. it's a beautiful game but i gave it 4 stars because the gameplay does get full after awhile.,0
savan jayachandran : this game before costs money and i only played this on ios in a apple store but now it's free on all devices. but i still didn't understand why it costs money before,1
shubham shree : this game puts a lot of strain on eyes while playing in the night mode and noticing rocks become way to hard.,1
aaron michelson : visually its quite beautiful... at first... but once the first impression wears off you're left with a slower,1
heath coulson : everything about the game is awesome. passer for shore and it's the best game ever like the other people said so much detail i loved it so much.,1
christian taylor : if u like nonstop running games you'll like this one the only thing i dont like is the man who chases u u can't shake em everything else is cool and original.,1
ozzie santiago : yes it looks good and graphics are smooth as butter,1
yahya khan : a very simple game,1
yello : this is one of the best games ive played on mobile. its got good graphics,1
a google user : this game is so good and calming that it is worth at least two bucks,0
it's free,1
mowly durisamy : i is on my micromax tab but not in my android phone so plese make it to work on my andi mobile because it is my favor game,0
teddy the espurr : colorful,1
neshoba lagomarsino : i don't play a lot of games and typically don't get attached to them. but i am emotionally attached to this game. good job,1
shreram : fed up playing such game... it is very similar to ski safari but ski safari is much better than this game,1
m w : i would give it 0 stars. it crashes every time i open it. was not able to access the game at all. :(,0
hrithik jha : this game's art style is breath taking. one of the games which are free,1
soham vardam : this game is good but after sometime you may get bored still this game is good to play if you are bored.,1
gagan singh : i have played quite a games but this is best one yet. never got bored . relaxing music . i would like to live alto life,1
a google user : i find it a fantastic with little to complain about. there are some problems on older phones (s3),0
jazzy jazz : the worst game i've played in a while. i really suggest no one play this game ever.,1
sabko : its fun,1
so much fun playing as him and when he has the wingsuit hes so cute. thank,1
you noodlecake studio for this incredible game,1
rosalina deepa : it always stops after downloading 97/100.i tried 3times still the same problem. i am using samsung duos android version 4.2.2.please help,0
nikola ilic : this game is awesome. i instaled it cuz i was bored and this was the first,1
thing that caught my eye. i love everything about this game,1
are awesome and i like the zen mode you made,1
cool,1
shivanshu sharma : i love if someone in this industry tries to make something different,1
ethan darling : very little actual interaction and controls. basically just occasionally tap the screen and let your character automatically land. only tricks you can do are back flips and grinding.,0
rosie araujo : this game is so fun and funny because the lama get happy,1
c jennings : i would much rather just buy the game than have to deal with lame ads and in-app purchases. uninstalled.,0
shaik zuhaib : every time i need to start from beginning of the game. i couldn't save all my played data.,1
lance beier : a great time pleaser. the graphics and game play take this a dreamy and overall great experience. its a little laggy at times but i just beleive it's my phone.,1
danny teok : loved this game until their august 2017 update where it now requires you to sit through adverts. intrusive but it's previous version ad viewing was more favorable and non-intrusive,1
matthew creveling : jump mechanics seem broken - if you tap the screen right before the lip of a jump it doesn't work. many environments have terrible lighting where you can't even see the obstacles and you just crash.,0
atharva p : the game is simple and its beauty can not be explained,1
jesse miller : aircorn some pink puppues. does thus a peek intwo my interpkanetsry. eric day egan tomorrow und i vill be therr. day it now fool..,1
phil freeman : it seems like a fun game,1
a google user : the feather sometimes doesn't work. also the game is bugging out way too,0
much lately.,1
cleos lites : just saying there was a question "was this game intense" and im like yes,0
overall this is just an aming fun game 5 stars 10/10 would play again lol,1
dimitar anastasov : beautiful game but a lot to be desired from gameplay and storyline. in short just another subway surfers minions rush jetpack joyride temple rush vector and a milion more etc.,1
raymond anderson : it's really good,1
hussein kenawey : really enjoyable game with great graphics. actually i didnt undrstand the controls when i started the game but dont worry bec.its easy to learn the controls of the game. guys i really recommand this game,1
dan ki : on free version,1
irakhad : i did not actually play it,1
tim massing : the game is a solid infinite runner the graphics are surprisingly nice. and the gameplay is really fluid. the only thing that i didn't care for was no control of the day/night cycle. which would effect visibility and make it hard to play.,0
me h : great art. the atmosphere is great,1
f : such a beautifully simple game,1
sankar mukherjee : great game keep on focusing in the game it's good,1
a google user : this game is soo much fun to play. i start to panic though when the man,1
comes out of the tent and starts chasing me. it only makes you want to ski,1
faster and grind rails.,1
clash with mo : i love this game i'm addicted to it it's even more fun when u turn music off and play your own music on and line up the background music to your flips,1
scott vann : and it buffed out,1
prashant bansode : a unique game! i never get bored playing this one. i just love how the scenery in the background moves when the gane progresses ahead. with love 5/5 in all aspects,1
james gurr : cool,1
rin collyer : my graphics are jammed. the colours of the trees and rocks are a bright green. i don't know why as my phone has octacore and is ideal for gaming. otherwise,0
mr. bear : first,1
adrian padmodihardjo : the only merit is the good graphic and relaxing music. gameplay-wise is meh. ski safari does a much better job.,1
nicholas devan : was 5 stars but dropped the rating after the last update. can no longer buy helmets. also,0
brian curtis : beautiful,1
dash cg : a beautiful and relaxing game. the challenges can be difficult,1
shekar reddy : this app is good if there is a way to increase speed. i tried my ass out to cross first level. i am shocked to see all these positive reviews..,0
swaroop chauhan : wasted my mbs. even it does not give a second chance after falling from chasm. don't download this game this is a waste of mbs. it is boring.,0
a google user : the touch control feels less snappy. the palette is too gloomy and emo. music is fine,0
sonny richards : good game,1
kaustubh patange : i love this game very much. the music is very silent and awesome it relaxes my mind in my stress. thank you for such awesome and good game,1
a google user : best game ever,1
a google user : amazing i loved the game and it's little characters and quirks. thumbs up for you developers and good luck with your next game. if you are making one.,1
esther : this game has really good graphics and the controls are nice and easy to use. i recommend this to everyone who wants to download a great app.,1
brett stone : game itself was ok and even enjoyable,1
saikat dey : a tiny game that makes my days. it.s a few months now and the music and the graphic effects still excites me! great psychologic effect.,1
connie lockwood : you just sometimes have to click in order to jump over obstacles. it's design is nice,0
satria christian : maybe simple.. but thats what ppl search for android game. this game is great and recomended to download this game.,1
flyyy guy : i have a galaxy s6 and the pause menu is out of proportion to my screen. the menu is larger than the actual size of my screen,0
slow_knox : this game is really cool cuz like how you have the person chasing after you and i've really loved it i like the graphics and it's just awesome game but the only thing about it is the night-time mode because when the nighttime moon comes on you can't really like see the rocks so you always die.,0
maks walker : pls take out the night cause its dark and u can't see. i like the charaters,1
the simple quests and i also like the smooth controls and easy gameplay,1
sam uel : i thought this was like ski safari too,1
ali falaq : this game is amazing but the icon of this app makes no sense that looks like some kind of a kangaroo's jumping,1
ana saez : best game ever,1
manas bommala : irritates at first,1
lord william walls : to boring for words,1
sentessa : it is very relaxing,1
gil howard-browne : can't even jump over the chasm in lvl 1. the warning sign keeps stopping me and slowing my speed. after 10 tries i uninstalled.,0
jagbir singh : alto doesn't has any other skill rather than back flip. i thought there might be more but they weren't there. this game is capable of 1 star only,0
bee : very cool(pun intended) and one of if not my favorite game to play! would,1
definitely recommend getting it if you want a good offline experience.,1
p. a. : this game is phenomenally beautiful and relaxing especially zen mode. if u,1
want a relaxing time to get ur eyes and head cool down play zen mode of,1
this game. and u r in heaven. this game is not for making points and,1
earning stuff its about relaxing in continuous changing sceneries.,1
noah koppenhaver : thought the game looked good,1
cameron dafack : this game isn't bad but it keep crashing when i try to watch the add and every other time i died so it's harder to get money in game,0
jakob g : the graphics,1
tayyab ahmed : a great gameplay very nice graphics including different weather surroundings,1
jef com : every thing about this game is amazing the scenery,1
bryan soong : great graphics,1
e h : tried it for about 5 minutes but the graphics were too dark and the jumping mechanics didn't make sense to me. just not for me,0
arpita sweetie : character is not visible properly as it is very small and game is also not interesting. ski safari 2 is similar and much more better and addicting.,1
michael soufir : this games takes you to a whole different world . such amazing this game is i hope u all download it,1
faizan shahid : we have to do nothing just wait for the tab. we even cant control the board movement. when you press a lill longer you die because it started its flip.,0
ameer humza : by far the most amazing endless ski running game with amazing graphics and story and thnks for the update i was mad at first but i knew that u guys will fix the black screen.,0
full metal horseman : can get a little boring at times but overall it's excellent art style and game play make this experience feel fresh. until you have done the same thing over and over with no luck and you quit.,1
michael seifarth : i had fun with that game for a while. it has a very nice feel to it and the graphics are just marvelous. unfortunately reoccurring bugs were pretty annoying and kept me from completing several of the missions.,1
a google user : altos adventure is a horrible horrible game it sucks there's no ever update to give me viruses this game is one big virus my phone systems don't work anymore minecraft doesn't work roblox doesn't work minecraft doesn't work roblox doesn't work so many viruses that cause minecraft and roblox not to work i hate this game viruses it's always watching you it's always just too looking at what you're doing is watching you,0
penny hays : can't play because if you can't figure out what to do,1
jivesh saini : one of the best mobile games i have ever played. the background is beautiful,1
gaby moocarme : graphics are amazing. the other part of the game is very soothing as well. music is great. i laughed when i unlocked the llamma,1
a google user : the mechanics are st unrealistic,1
brian garay : really beautiful,1
sanjeev singh : this game is soo boring i don't know how it has such a high rating and how it is there on the editor's choice. i tried to like it but there is nothing to appreciate. this game is actually the most overrated one i have ever come across,0
kurt hectic : the developers try to convince you the game is hard,1
hurshel coleson : one of the best u just need to watch out for rocks but get it u will love it so if u don't like then you are weird,0
a google user : i just madly love this game . such a stunning game .i can't think of any other game than this .,1
pritesh kumar : simple game. loving graphics. the sweet background music,1
helmus : if you could make a game with this kind of jumping action saving the city from monsters,1
sarita srivastava : before playing the game i here the music for some time ,1
abhijeet singh : only one soundtrack that plays over and over. operating the wingsuit is confusing and the game asks for too many coins to skip difficult tasks at higher levels. no clear description of tricks.,0
christian chavez : i downloaded this game when it only had 100 downloads. this game is by far the most coolest and gorgeous game i've ever played.,1
manindra kr singh : this is really beautiful with relaxing music atmosphere .but if adds r remove i will give 5,1
joseph goodwin : the game has an ok theme,1
james mason : i cannot describe the beauty and simplicity of this game. it gives you a,1
feeling of nostalgia,1
bikram singh : daytime graphics are okay but in the darkness one can not distinguish between obstacles and other graphics. concept is good but graphics are not good.,1
kekhrie yiese : probably the best game for android till now. haven't come across any that comes close to this game. devs,1
kristaps diura : i finished it and absolutely loved it,1
alexey volkov : even though it's gameplay is simple,1
amit choudhary : one of the best games on mobile i've ever played. extremely relaxing music & equally fantastic graphics. thanks to the developers of this game for providing such an amazing gaming experience. thank you.,1
connie henderson : it's too hard and i was only on level 5 until i deleted the app so just make it easier for people like me,1
rufas : 10/10 would play it again,1
priya katke : first ever review: you'll be glad you installed it. from the moment you,1
start,1
the best,1
gamingotg : super fun,1
fated wolf : i had deleted the game and after a while i downloaded the game once again but saw that i has lost all of my progress so please fix that.,0
brandon wolfeld : pretty much just a time suck: addictive for the sake of being addictive. it's basically a simplified version of temple run.,1
nic miller : i'd love to play this but even though i have tons of space on sd and internal drives,1
rachel barnet : it worked great at first,1
benjamin mugabi : it's a very very intriguing game. thank you guys for coming up with such a,1
wonderful game. i love the weather changes too.,1
star warts nun : this is my favourite game ever. really smooth gamepaly and good graphics. i reckon they should do an alto's adventure 2 it would do so well,1
carole furedi : this is is a realy cool game i love it you can even do flips so awesome and,1
amazinglooooove iiiit,1
katelyn lucas : it's a great game but the use of videos to move forward in the game easily is kinda ridiculous,1
rahul singhrathore : i don't like it. i just love this game . all credit goes to the creatore who made this type of game for us . thank you very much.,1
kash andrews : very beautiful game visually and plays fantastically. it is very relaxing to play. however,1
chamal randika : i love the dynamic weather,1
heidi boma : its fun its got high frame rate doesnt lag,1
jennifer risty : awsome and fun to play yet i have played a wqy where there's infinite live and it was wierd but its fun,1
jiaane odian : this game is sooo gorgeous. from the graphics to the music it is such an impressive game. i absolutely love it! the picture saving however is a little annoying to say the least,1
keith frey : this is a very fun and relaxing game,1
rinn : oh my,1
brendezzyy : i really like how the game is parlour,1
isaiah wilkinson : the game has a few bugs here and there,0
river blackwood : too hard,1
dylan clark : why on a kids game do you have horror movie for a sponsor ads? going to gave to delete next time i see it. the game is awesome but you can't have adult sponsor ads.,0
michael just : fun game but ads chew through your data. cost me 400 mb playing the first week,1
dibbendu koley : in google play games i can see my achievements and scores but the game didn't updated my score. this all happened when i reinstalled the game. please help me,1
vratin shah : the game is easy to play and pass some time. but,1
alex lupinski : this game is so fun i play it alot and have all characters. i wish there was more and that's my only complaint,1
jolo : on ios u have to pay but on android u don't have to that's awesome,0
yasin wahid : it's awesome and mood making game. short simple game but interesting to play. that a person can't stop playing,1
a google user : i love this game so much so relaxing and i am going to be here for more information on the phone. the only thing that you can also be used to be a good time to time. i have a think,1
poblo : really enjoying the game. one thing you should add is customization options for the character and the snowboard... maybe idk i thought it was going to be a great idea.,0
wing ding gaster : game freeze's no mater what i do borrow my dads iphone 7plus controls don't work and i just wtcj it die i would rate. +9 if i could,1
neal mathers : such a lovely game. the graphics and even the music is such a treat after a hectic day. good job,1
justin tjioe : this is more than good it's a good game i mean't great i'm ju a 11 year old im still school and this me s not to viloent so i an properly study,1
a google user : i think the game is very relaxing and really helps with stress... alto's,1
adventure is one adventure worth going on.,1
revelia : it's very simple gameplay,1
piyush eklavya : good designs,1
jade theperson : i saw this on the unity gallery a while ago when it was only for iso going to give it a try hopefully its good (will update if i was wrong),0
randy : why there must be a animation to start the game!? that is one of the main problems why people like me can't start the game. fix the game,0
nathan rees : upon opening the app,1
smarak anurag : u will fell very good at first but then u may feel board . fadu graphic,1
evan jones : its addicting to an extent and sometimes boring,1
natsuhi : zen mode made me cried a little. been so stressful lately and the music truly healed me.,1
ryan flores : if you're hesitant to download this game,1
lame ansari : well it's a great game for calming our mind it has beautiful sounds that are well matched with the gameplay,0
p j : no word to describe this game. icant say anything its just so so... i really cant say anything. super thumbs up for you noodlecake inc.,1
a google user : great,1
correna kramer : the game is pretty good but i just don't understand the lamas. but other than that it is good 3 stars,1
angie chavez : i am in love with this game so much its the best mostly cause i love llamas but its fun cause i get to do tricks,1
kernel kern : very soothing the graphics and soundtrack are the best you wont get,1
tired of it. simply beautiful i'd play it everytime,1
sayyam jain : no annoying ads.great minimalistic scenery chase game.keep it up.,1
ayushh : it is such a nice and peaceful game. the background music is very soothing,1
to our mind and rests our soul more and more we play. but after so many,1
years of playing,1
graphics are awesome. and to the people who are reading this i would,1
suggest to try this game. trust me you will not regret it.,1
lal singh jarrah : the thing about this game is its simple and the best.n u never get bored,1
konstancja mp : i dont undeerstand this game.im not able to jump well and theres no explanation how to do it.i uninstalled after few minutes.waist,0
aimee collins : played this game and completed it over so long kept me so entertained and it does get challenging. definitely would recommend anyone giving this a go. great quality game. and if you need to get help the option of watching advertising that isn't just forced down your neck is great. fantastic game,1
jaym : so a beautiful well made game. the people who made this obviously put alot of time and effort into and it has paid off,1
teresa owl : well i started the game and played waked up today to play to see i can't jump i don't understand why but please fix it your game is awesome,1
kamalu soares : this game helps u through hard times..it is very soothing.,1
chundu ps : good game.makes us stress free and totally a good game but missions or objectives standard should be increased.the game is similar to sky safari but i think this is better and add features like changing clothes ,1
a google user : i played it on my cousins phone it it was awesome so i'm downloading it on,1
my tablet so that i can play whenever i want. it is a very good game. the,1
graphics are beautiful especially when it's sunrise and sunset the,1
background is super good.,1
beyblade master : i'm a person who loves the looks of games,1
vit bacovsky : i start the app and the game crash in a few seconds. please fix this bug the game is fantastic and i want to play it xiaomi mi2s,0
purpinkn h : i like the part where it's nighttime and you can't see anything and you hit a rock and die. that's the fun part.,1
mark johnson : i get the tittle screen then it goes black like it is then going to start but nothing happens. no sound or picture of any kind. waited 5 minutes with nothing. had to press home button to exit. nook hd+,0
bethany riddell : it's a snowboarding game. the only good comment i can make about this game is the graphics are alright. other than that it's nothing special,1
ying sea : this game is so sick! the graphics are so pretty and zen mode,1
really great idea! the music was so cool too. you guys should add a few,1
more. the second awesome game i've ever played. you guys deserve an award,1
for this game! great work!,1
jason quijano : pretty much all i can say. i downloaded it to try and help me calm down. made it worse.,1
anter : the graphics and music are great. there isn't much innovation in the gameplay part (i'm not saying it isn't great,1
alice williams-root : this doesn't seem like adventure game- i want puzzles and exploration,1
jumping and skiing,1
dhananjaya dash : i jst love ech nd evrythng of this game gd grphcs gd cntrl . i jst love this game ,1
saurabh barai : its not better than ski safari.. not so good graphics.. please play ski safai rather than this. my personal experience,1
kaushik dubey : love the game and just one suggestion for devs,1
devin - : this game offers nothing new to the genre,1
a google user : the game looks and plays really well,1
angela marian : great game to play,1
logan lynn : this game is a fun game its addictive you dont have to use data :-) and the landscape is beautiful,1
kartikey sharma : i bow down to the dev. should have been a premium app,1
abhijay reddy : good game but we may get bored after some time. so to avoid that we need to make the game more faster,1
danieru perezu : i like this game in a way how it helps u waste time when you have nothing to do,1
mohamed moues : my all time favorite game with great graphics and relaxing music also the zen mode is so helpful can't wait for the second version,1
meingandai kamei : the best side scroller there is. i like the weather effects and how the,1
days and night cycles. really a great game and one of a kind,1
a google user : if skysafari wasn't updated last year,1
frank oamakri : super boring and repetitive as many other games where you have to run or drive. didn't like it at all.,0
michel chadrou : this is the exact replica of ski safari. you guys are uncreative. the game sucks anyway.,1
melvin antonius : i said if this games is very exciting..i can fill my idle time to play this game,1
matthew luchs : i really like this game,1
qutbuddin pardawala : the game is simple to understand ,1
steven dover : this is just a time killer app. positives are nice graphics and no ads..,1
l or a w : the graphics are so good,1
abhay deep : gui took my heart,1
a google user : i'm thankful to the makers of this game it is probably the best ive ever seen. i loved it. it gave me the best mood i feel. on the last period of the regular busy day i play this game to make my mood its on the top rank of my choice,1
ejay joe : they need to do a save thing like coc because if you uninstall it you can't redeem your other account,0
brian kihi : collect lamas try go as fast as you can and don't let the knight catch you,1
sajeedul haque : this here is a peice of art that not many people can understand because they only want to play. so noodlestick keep it up. :),0
oyasumari : this game is the definitive example of "easy to pick up,1
a google user : overall it's ok. adverts are too intrusive. would be nice to continue where you left off instead of restarting it. uninstalling,1
katie c : i haven't got enough space in my storage to get it but i know this is a truly gorgeous and entertaining game with fabulous graphics because i often play it on my friend's phone and i love it!,1
edward kenway : the game crashes on asus zenfone 5 ..i've tried installing it for the 3rd tym but still same result...please fix this soon,0
zombie defiant : this game is cooler than sky safari. i don't know why,1
appu r nath : the scenes and background music /theme everything gives me a freshness to my weak mind. thanks,1
a google user : this game is so fun and asdicting,1
jarrad hannah : this game is beautiful and simple. perfect for killing time on break or before bed.,1
debiprasada prusty : this game is epic. i love the minimalistic design. one problem is the character size. it is way too small for a smartphone.,1
fabian bergfelder : well the "astonishing graphics" don't make up for a boring game play. plus stupid standard tutorial sequence (unskippable,0
kaleb brown : the game is really fun and calms me down when i feel angry. thumbs up from,1
me,1
daniel jones : one of the few games i have been very impressed with. game play is simple to learn but maintains its challenge as the game progresses. i highly recommended giving it a try.,1
soham tripathy : it's good but i got bored in that level three mission in which you need to pick a magnet and i did that and those other two but it didn't take it other wise everything is fine,1
nitesh wani : i like this game. graphics are good . but some time it sucks. it crashed many times while playing.,0
vishnu narayan : i never experienced anything like this sooo awesome gotta check this out...,1
kyousuke kasama : whenever i try to play,1
joshua crow : love it! but,1
brian statom : you rarely come across a game like this on the google play store. the goals give you the sense of accomplishment and the art style make you feel calm and welcomed.,1
umar alfarouk : brilliant and wonderful. it's kind of shame that many "survival games" have become too mainstream,1
anjali sheoran : this game is soo fantastic that i can't tell above through imagination and amazing graphics.,1
aadhar gupta : thanks for fixing the issue . the game is pure fun and has the best environment with great simplicity . i love the music ,1
bhumidar das : the spectacular scenery has make me a peaceful boy and have inspired me . and i also keep taking screenshots of the scenery . please please please keep making games like this with beautiful sceneries.,1
pravir kumar halder : it's really a amazing game. i will advise every game lover to install this game app. while playing this game i had a great experience. thank you!,1
brandon : it was fun and i enjoyed it. also enjoyed how it was beautifully created. although they did mess up on the pic on the app big time. apparently you can ski backwards somehow? never found that out so pretty sure they screwed up.,1
dr eagle : great game but the picture needs to be turned around because of the way you flip in in game.,0
a google user : it's a good time waster. i used to play it and i made myself a challenge to never skip a mission. after a while i got bored and uninstalled it. still fun though.,1
jordie cairns : very unresponsive,1
blend into one another with it only being a few dark colours,1
a google user : first when i don't know that this type game's are also available in the,1
world but when i see this then i will know that . this game is being better,1
than all games i don't know for all but for me.t the editor of this game is,1
very good editor . i love this game ever,1
david huffman : it's a really fun game,1
kennethtjy : hope they add a feature where the money you earn in game can buy maps. more power ups would be perfect.,1
mark kresevic : if your ever looking to do sonthing in your free time this is the game. the graphics are just amazing and i recommend this game to all my friends. i have yet to find a better game that does not take up date and i can play anywhere i want. saves data so you can pick up from where you left off 10/10,1
komal kothari : great game very addicting. you can never get board of it. new missions. the,1
the only thing is you can not get new missions unless u do those three,1
missions.,1
orginak gangster : i've had this game before but then suddenly it says that the package is invalid what ever that means. please fix.,1
bharathkumar karthikeyan : thanks for giving such a wonderful game which killed my time totally and i really love that background music in zen mode. honestly to say this is the only game that made me to write a review. thanks. i want more games from your team. if you see this,1
geneva lillis : i love the game but i will frequently pass through coins and power ups frequently. especially when i'm going fast. also,1
david hill : great feel. cut the music on! i loved spending hours playing this. feels great and the challenges were just hard enough that i felt like i was accomplishing something real,1
a google user : please add the pickaxe and the helmet in the game please and it would be great for us android users and it's kind of selfish for android because ios users have them and it's easy for them to level up faster so please add them but anyway this game is great it's also one of my favourite mobile game and one of the best apps in play store and app store,0
richard morcos : it's amazing gameplay i love the lights but you need to retire from creating games so you suck,1
rylee : i like this game a lot u will be addictive while playing me my self i am,1
playing it for hours,1
jason varnell : beautiful game with great potential for hours of fun. too bad it is impossible to jump the very first chasm in the tutorial level,1
toluleke ilori : i really love this game. really addicted to it. it would really be nive if they all had a special ability even without the wingsuit,1
jojo philip : i love it because i played this game on my dad's phone but dozen work on my i -phone 6 plus.,0
ibrahim zaki : it's annoying that people say it's good,1
amol shenoy : not sure how to turn off the suggestions..which slow down the game play and annoying at the same time.,0
karl gomez : ye iys my 1st time really love it although there were some features that i didnt like but great job. maybe the best is yet to come,1
grahdens darvenshel : quite a beautiful game. even falls can end up with me sitting on a mountain with a sunset. this game was made with love in all ways.,1
justin doubleu : tried downloading on my lenovo yoga tablet 2. the stupid thing won't open,1
michael knights : well it open but then i got a black screen after the first splash image and that about it nothing else ..my phone is asus zenfone 5,0
csilla nagy : accidentally stumbled upon this game. no regrets. zen mode is so relaxing and it helps pass a lot of time,1
zydrick delima : you might get bored after getting everything,1
a google user : i love this game graphically and gameplay wise. sometimes the objectives,1
can get a bit tedious,1
generated game. overall an easy 11/10,1
full moon beaver : jumping was so unresponsive,1
nugget god : it's awesome and it helps my brother cam down he has anger issues if your,1
reading its awesome it helps me calmdown,1
sidarth shukla : kind of boring.. cantrols are good its like temple run witha different,1
story.,1
james egan : the graphics and art style is one of the best i've seen on mobile with,1
controls and gameplay simple and fun and one of the most magnificent,1
graphics i've seen on mobile 10/10,1
belva crowe : i loved this until i got to level 28 and it wouldn't let me watch videos in place of spending the $. and i couldn't earn any $ to bold it up either. so,1
a google user : this gane ia adventurous . but atill more stuff to need . not satisfied that much,1
zubair kabir : i love the game from the graphics to the gameplay,1
linnea a : really pretty,1
rob gifford : everytime you crash you start over unless you pay 1500 or watch a 30 sec video. enough said..,0
mark john ocampo : i like the graphics and gameplay. relaxing sounds and graphics are simple but i like it 'cause its kinda relaxing my eye <3,1
tung nguyen : cool backgrounds and weather effects but if there is something more than flip in the air,1
a google user : i think this is the world best game. because i love this game too much and,1
i think that every one should download this game and play for life time.,1
and plz give more updates and updates. at last i would to say that every,1
one should download this game and this is world best game in world,1
mongo bread : alto is a very relaxing game. i love the music especially in the zen mode like it soothes your soul. hope that the developer in this game will add music options. more power to the team!,1
abdelrahman salama : best game on google play,1
kenneth hunt : game concept has been around before in ski safari and others,0
liviu petre : wonderful game in terms of design,1
nikolas shilling : the outstanding graphics are the reason i play this game and it almost makes zen mode better than the normal game. either way this game is great.,1
shaeddyn : i love the way u play but i didn't understand what some of the quests say what u should do,1
noel flores : evan when i don't feel like playing it. i start playing it then i can't put the ipad down,1
amaan khan : pls pls tell me that when will you launch the odessey version im so so exited for this version all those guys who made this app ill thank you all for launching this gamr and pls give the odessey version as quick ans possible,0
jason perry : this is just a reskinned version of the much better ski safari and just to continue after dying you need to use a bunch of coins.,0
serezel vey dawn : i just really love this game,1
a google user : pretty fun game to pass a little time,1
nicholas hayward : the picture is all cut up. i can't see rocks or trees. please fix.,1
parag acharyya : best minimalistic game with awesome sound effects. alto's adventure is surely one of the best out there in play store.,1
grp gaurav raj pandey : i like it but it's mb is too large can't support in my phone samsung young duos and it's quality is excellent,1
jan sochor : beautiful game. might look repetitive but with the land changing every time there is always something new.,1
tomtomtom : i uninstalled the game but if i want to resign in it won't let me and i have lost everything...,0
caitlin w : love the art but it gets boring after a few weeks. maybe add a daily reward or something to keep players coming back? or mini games to earn extra coins would be fun. wingsuit is also way over priced in my opinion,0
steven zuriel catan : xd dat gui effecz doe i thoughtz dat thumbnail wuz teh kiwi guy in the sas 4 thingz m8 but nice local player script doe .3.,1
aamir ali : wrote a 1 star review before as the game didn't work on my device,1
ben mackie : i like alto's adventure because it's so calming and it has amazing art style well done snowman when is oddysy coming to android,0
a google user : music,1
summer day to experience the cold breeze,1
madhusoodhanan krishnan : very nice game. very simple and lovely. i never played a game like this before. in fact i never play games.but this is truly amazing.,1
ramna rs : can't jump wide gapes ,1
wide gape and there's no way you can jump that and wingsute is way to hard,1
to get ,1
careful i would have got it ,1
make sense ,1
but when you see a gape so wide that there's no way you can jump or you try,1
to get wingsute it's become annoying not relexing ,1
param veer : i luv this game very much whenever i play this game it gives me relif to my mind graphics is good and sound quality too.,1
alan kelly : this is another good quality game that is ruined by constant inapp advertising,1
jason vaynagiy : this is a game you can play with your kids or just a game to kill time.,1
andrew cruz : it's cool cus you can do back flips and jump on to ropes with flags,1
riashat rafat : maybe not the best storyline but the ui is so beautiful that it makes you forget you are playing a mobile game.,1
bhuvan hegde : very nice game u should add front flips because then it become nice .but now this game is good,1
chiranth skills : don't waste your freakin time ppl!! tap download and enjoy!! very very addictive n amazing gfx!! totally love this game,1
deepak sen : when first time my son played this he fell in love with it this game is super duper i don't have words to explain.,1
yash jashnani : i am a beautiful person. the comments for your help. i have been a while. how do i get back. it seems like to be able,1
candi soda : watching ads gives you more gold than actually playing the game which is dumb. 500 gold/ 30 seconds of ads vs. playing the game for 5 minutes and getting less than 400 coins lol. very addicting game though,0
zack 77 : that game not work on my phone asus zenfone 5..android 4.3,0
aneeqah mehmood : good game,1
asheesh pratap singh : hey are stressed with daily work routine and boring moments... try out this,1
game to to calm your mind down... love you all,1
michael eboh : just add more epic view to if one advice to more stage,1
adithya kuricheti : its quite good. and also when you are getting bored so i would suggest this game,1
alex martynov : played it like for 5 min and it managed to download 20 mb of data,1
jordan soh : the game keeps crashing. i was getting an all time high score and just,0
completed a very hard goal (which required me to play for more than 10,1
minutes) then the game crashed. please fix it,1
multiple times already.,1
bruno landim toledo : it is a great game,1
kabir kharadi : remove aggresive elders and this game is perfect. and also background music during gameplay can be better.,1
aaron cavazos : two words.... loved it. everything is great but it is a really entertaining game so i loved it. everything is good no mistakes and the music is relaxing nobody should hate this game and this is coming out of a 4 grader,1
a google user : the game crashes and it also gets slow . i advise everyone not to download it.,0
geneva miller : this app is where you have a person skiing which is you and you're basically trying to tackle llamas,1
ajai kumar : this game is really awesome and a best way to fight boredom. i enjoy playing the game and recommend all to install and play it.,1
luka : really love it,1
michaela williams : but the it didn't keep the screen awake on my phone so it would go to sleep in the middle of the game,0
73aeri : this is a nice game i've been playing this game for a while pls let us buy,1
the characters with coins not levels cause they are a bit hard,1
a google user : great game overall. you can play it on the way to work with no data required. and zen mode really takes you to another world. well deserved 5 stars.,1
aubrey durrant : the surroundings of alto are so very gorgeous and simplistic at the same time. i love the gameplay as well.,1
d.s. blackmon : could be a fun game - but there is rocks and gaps and some guy on a horse chasing your character,1
cameron critchell : played through til level 61 and ran out of upgraded characters and missions. would've wished for more complex character traits!,1
a google user : i didn't know why this game is editor choice. this is boring game . others,0
running are best but this game is boring. why this game loved by many,1
people tell me,1
a google user : i downloaded it fifty-six times it downloads till installing than it stops and again i have to download it,0
indraneel bhowmik : never have witnessed this level of display in an android game....loved it,1
raptor hawwk : it's just an all around great game: runs well,1
it over and over again inventing new combos and finding new ways to wipe out,1
jonathandior 7 years ago : finesse,1
shubh_ : relaxing game,1
landey : one of the best mobile apps i have ever seen simple and easy but interesting at the same time,1
austin vulpes : it's a good game and consumes time if you're wanting to pass time,1
matthew : for a game that is so simple and lacking in options it sure likes to interrupt you a lot to explain how to play. so i click? okay,1
a google user : i like it it's so much fun and it makes it more exciting when i'm getting chased and i love the thunder and rain sounds makes u feel like ur really there!,1
vaibhav yagnik : used up 300mb data in a week. that's not good for cellular data plan! the game however is good. kind of like endless running games like temple run and subway surfer,1
sameer sheikh : but uninstalling,1
mike boehme : it's stops running during the first logo screen after starting.,0
userhas nomail : amazing game! great stylish graphics,1
radu balanean : this game is really good for moments when you don't fave enything to do on your phone. it kills a lot of time! it's great!,1
a google user : i love this game so much i first found out about it i was in target great controls unless you don't see the rocks,1
a google user : i used to think that the app store was a good place to get apps but now it doesn't let me download anything,1
michi vallieres : a good runner with nice scenery. it wasn't really for me as i didn't find it to be challenging enough to be quite as addictive as some reviews mentioned. music was ok,1
a google user : it's bloody addictive and fun. i can't stop playing it. it should be free,1
on ios too. i bought an android just for this game.,1
steven barnett : obama ruined this app. before obama i could owna gun in my mountain town. now after uears of failed leadership they want our guns. no sir the broward cowards are to blame,1
kiran rajesh : i looove the zen mode. it's really so peaceful. it really helps when i'm angry at times.,1
sagar sengupta : phone model asus zenfone 5 t00j.after clicking the app,1
nandan rai : beautiful game! at first it seemed like a slow game where all you do is jump and hold to flip,1
podum brahma : i have been waiting it to arrive on android finally the patience is over and it has been released today 11/2/16.. the visuals are too beautiful changing of whether change of day and night time baground soundtrack are melodious great job developing games like this keep it up,0
music tube : everytime i want to play the game it says "unfortunately "alto"has stopped please fix this,0
trapper grinder : worse pos ive ever played. lacking in every way shape and form imaginable. looks ok. but just ok. even the ''amazing'' visuals are just the same exact thing repeated. uninstalled less then 5 mins after starting.,0
jono alford : fancy visuals and a poorly thought out,1
zakarik white : i love this game i play it 24/7 because it is such a good game and it's so soothing and the music is nice too.,1
lorenzo mckinna : this is an easy game to play but also very addictive nothing to complain,1
about sometimes wish goals were more challenging.,1
marco cruz : very beautiful scenery,1
mohammed sohail : u said that it's the game of the year . but i don't believe,1
nigga nigga : only one thing please pull back this last update and 5 stars you ruined the game in every single possible way.,0
m j : the artwork,1
aj tapper : i can play it for hours and it's so nice for short breaks or just in waiting rooms since it can be started and stopped easily. :),1
arian sedej : love this game,1
friendly neighborhood chicken : this game... just play it. it is one of the most relaxing and soothing games i've ever played. once you get into it it becomes a wonderful passtime.,1
nubian sivels : it's ok but the person is so stinking small u can barely see the person u r playing with.,1
william denny : fun game,1
mistah haskins : very good and pleasing game. very rarely do i see a mobile game with this much enthusiasm. the creator focused more on the gameplay along with the graphics. very fun game,1
drake escanan : great job noodlecake studios graphics are so cool than i ever seen in games and music is cool when playing with music your mom guys will sleep that happenned to meh 6:40 pm on monday month is may pretty cool guys and keep up the good work thanks noodlecake studios wish ya the best! :d,1
king : first time you are bored of it and then deleted it.a few minutes later you want to redowload the game,1
wafi afdi alfaruqhi : it has good gameplay and great graphics but,1
ghostrespect179 : i think this game looks beautiful. no questions asked. yes it might get a little boring but overall it has amazing graphics and smooth music,1
a google user : i love this game. it is my favorite butter canada christmas country life lol that was my auto correct well yeah,1
saniyah : best game ever i love it love to watch it in zen mode,1
vikas pancholi : when i opened it a black screen was appeared in my asus zenfone 5. please fix the issue.,0
itx beats : this the game i will never get bored to,1
john paul banga : aww ,1
meghon mackenzie : it's a nice game. it has cool graphics,1
arjun. singh : i have given it 4 stars because you never make a big update in this game,1
only 1 month i have unlocked all characters of the game now it has become,1
boring to me .either make the game difficult or make it wide,1
brontobyte 160 : the game is beautiful,1
bibin henry : this is one of my favourite games among the list. it calms our hearts down,1
and give us a pleasent mood and hope while playing. really enjoyed!,1
peter harris : looks nice,1
mark smith : great game,1
cheyanne kulyk : it was calming in a way,0
dj geist : the graphics are nice and the gameplay is easy and smooth. challenges keep you busy.,1
brady doyle : just overall a great game,1
randy orton : i've played this game in the whole time with my classmate and friends this game has a lot of features like high in graphics and awesome stants,1
a google user : easily one of the best android games made. it's addictive but relaxing as well. the ambience,1
joe mama : i love it it is so calming and really casual. it's really fun,1
maurice cooper : when i first download this game i thought it was going to have bad graphics and be very stupid,0
nikesh patra : one of the most beautifully designed games i ever played,1
james addison : i can't build speed or flip fast enough to get away from the man on the horse other wise good game,1
meng lim : everything is all about ads and money now. previously not like this. every,0
game takes you into one into another. or pay to win. and such a shame,0
because this was a game that i had a genuine interest in until it sold it's,1
soul to the devil.,1
arjuna tiwari : the game crashes while playing. my whole data got lost,1
shah bros : the game is good but there is 2 bugs.1st is when i pause the game,1
screen become blind and skipping frames,1
again,1
brittany just living her life : i wanted to play it but it wont download. ive checked my wifi connection and my storage and theyre both fine.,1
a google user : mask snub zorn cu ran zorn chance cheng she'll l iraqi neither minors anson,1
baptismal crop,1
amnon lock : seems like a fun game but the barrier to having fun is too high.,1
aditya mohan : one of the most beautifully designed games with a simple gameplay! it took them a long time to come onto the playstore but the wait was totally worth it! 10/10,1
naresh talisetty : very hard to spot the obstacles. you need to be on toes to find one. i,1
don't want to see doctor for my eyes,1
aditya pratyush : the background music takes you to a another level of peace. the sceneries are worth watching. this game is total fun,1
angelica gamez : when i went on it snapped me out,1
kirin skawngur : altor has stopped. everytime i want to open it,1
roro fahmi : i really don't have words to describe such an amazing game like this one.beautiful graphics,1
pankaj chawan : i am in love with this awesome game,1
ivan damyanov : i already lost progress once but you just implemented google cloud saving so thanks! looking forward to another game from you.,1
nicholas brush : i must've played a different game than the one all the 5-star raters did. visually appealing but poorly executed. don't bother.,1
vissa : i enjoyed the beautiful landscape and the colors,1
deepak arora : it is awesome game with great sound effects. very enjoyable game to play . full of fun . one of the best game in a google play.,1
flex crazyfun : doesn't respond that well,1
don teguia : so fun how you can do flips and get levels and stuff,1
shanti naidu : the game is awesome ,1
endless running games.it beats ski safari 2,1
even subway surfers. i just want to say that please bring some humour in,1
the game (just like ski safari 2).overall the game is good .lacks humour,1
and has limitations.,1
fury rage : for being a non-stop run game this one is really nice,1
suseela vikraman : it runs best on my apple i phone 7s gold .every comments here is stupid.its the best.,1
a google user : very goodgame i have ever seen in cannot say that it is a bad game in my life. i have got this game by the help of my friends because it is very very famous game,1
john ford : i love this game,1
excigma_ : crashes when my scarf gets long enough for the flying suit. saved my moment,0
and wasted my time. disappointed :(.,1
burhan akbar : i loved this game . it is so relaxing and addictive . i wish that you may,1
make alto ' s adventure 2 . very well done noodlecake studios :),1
elk vortex : it was a fun game,1
mr. karl allen : latest update erased all of my progress... was at level 21 and now i have to start all over again.,0
james bernards : "the best mobile games offer a zen like sense of satisfaction,1
sarthak goyal : truly one of the most well done game i've seen. the artwork is stunning and i just can't obsess over this game. truly remarkable. must get game. editors choice on apple. lots of content. no reason not to get. huge thanks to game developers,1
evan dowling : it gets a little bit boring after a while,1
a google user : control like jumps nd others are bit complicated,0
concept are superb,1
joe fisher : fun,1
dave matchett : excellent and fun game but it chewed through 100meg of mobile data in a day. not sure why as there was no advertising.,1
khalid amin : this game is fun at first but it bugs u a lot on missions like it purposely makes it impossible and makes u watch ads,1
micarcha joseph : ya ya nae just a joke please don,1
pucholeng duidang : awesome game. from the soundtrack to the art style this game is a pure,1
representation of the fact that video games are an artwork of the,1
developers just like movies,1
v : with graphics matching that of firewatch and gameplay made by god there isn't much i can say against this game,1
griffin gaming recountinued : the zen music is to emotional put it this way. what if it mom said you could go as far as i like ,1
mitchell penner : the changing backdrop is pretty and all,1
najib aslam : i promise you guys,1
pranjal jain : graphics are ultimate. i love this game i cleared 40 levels in 6 days. i was so much into the game that my mobile touchscreen does not respond property,1
janet fernandez : the music and the background are just fantastic...makes me fell melted into it,1
caden bolic : this game is amazing its butiful i don't get why it only has around 1,1
anita kardam : i love this game is so beautiful i have no words what a wonderful game you developed i wish i can give you 10 stars,1
phillip williams : ugh,1
h b : great visuals,1
smith patel : music,1
javier perez de lema : i gotta say,1
siddhartha neupane : graphics seen good. not tried yet but i hope it's good.,1
anyia tucker : i could tell you five things about this game. whenever you jump you die. it is a fun game. it gives you missions. you are snow boarding. it is better than subway surfers.,1
madison sherwood : i have come back to rate this one cause i just downloaded it's sequel and,1
omfggggg its amaaazinngggg (both are),1
samuel chen : beautiful graphics and music. i hate the hover feather which prevent you from jumping properly and u can't get over the large chasm. and it's almost impossible to do a triple backflip.,1
lydia hauser : i love this game it is simple and easy the game is sometimes stressful and stress relief the same time.,1
michael haynesworth : i like the game. its very very addictive. and if anybody thinks this game,1
is a waste is lying.,1
hein zandberg : it's a good time killer.i enjoy this beautiful game and it has great music.i have been searching for a very good addictive game,1
rogue leader : its a nice game to sit back and relax for. not too much stuff to do,1
jose silva : what a way to ruin a great game. just like angry birds and plants vs zombies. why not offer an add free,1
a google user : this game really calms me and the theme is so amazing its a must with headphones in zen mode and i can't wait to download alto's adventure 2 the people who made this game i respect you highly,1
dylan von wissell : i really like this game. it's one of those really nice relaxing games that doesn't make you want to throw your phone across the room when you lose like some games i've played.,1
tiff myler : pretty to look at,1
gameplay.,1
drone kri : this is one of the best games available from the playstore.. definetly deserves 5 stars,1
noah vuk stolica : i'm having a problem with sound there is no music just a glitchy sound please help,0
faryal baksh : the game is nice,1
hany semaan : i have been waiting for long but it does not work . it gives a big black blank screen.,0
rizwan azam raiyan : this game is time killing but through this game anyone can learn alto's,1
lifestyle... good game though...,1
a google user : awesome game !! well honestly i have no words to describe it. it just makes the mood i have no complains about it.,1
sujay vivek : waste game . people think there are graphics but this game is only a puzzle waste game. don't download this game and don't waste u data on this stupid game,1
brian tang : not a bad copy,1
a google user : in my gaming career this is the most addective and enjoying game i had play,1
ever seriously. please install it and play ....i recommanded to you to play,1
the game...,1
a google user : no doubt to tell it is very nice game . l will tell to everyone that ones download this game it is my gurrenty that if you download ones you will never delete this game ones try friends,1
emerald splash : i had the 4th character unlocked now i'm back to zero. please fix fast,0
omar elsadik : i played the game on windows 10 and it's was awesome,1
tyreik webster : i feel like the creator's of this game should add more tricks to the updated version,1
anthony kazadaev : a very good and simple game. i got this game from my friend and played it on his phone. but when i downloaded it to my phone,1
kevin george : good game,1
dinkar rav : one of the most beautiful mobile game ever played. amazing game with great graphics and music. you'll never get bored of it.,1
alfian prakoso : installed,1
tah miy austria : the music sounds so sweet to me,1
john eyder : game works perfectly again after ad issue fix! i'm getting farther and farther away every time,0
a google user : but when i wanted to skip something it said i didn't have enough coins and it wouldn't let me get out,0
tiyos ghosh : the graphics of the game is awesome. a console quality graphics mobile! the gameplay is good but once or twice i felt lag in the controls.,1
ankit chawada : it's amazing and i have just fallen in love with this game can't stop playing it thanks game maker for ur lovely thinking,1
a google user : i love this game because it comforts my nervousness when i play it and it,1
has great graphics and great sound effects.,1
prateek singh : this game has nice graphics. challenging levels. cool music (headphones recommended). best time spending game.,1
a google user : it was f ing awesome i'm giving all the love and spourt to the makers. never ending awesome time killer,1
hannah mccracken : i can't get past the tutorial in this game because whenever i fall into the chazam i'm stuck there until i redo the tutorial all over again which is pretty much every time. but the gameplay seemed interesting though,1
bablu visweswar : awesome game and ,1
damon huber : why cand i upgrade my character or do anything other than a backflip. you should ad a stomped and perfect transition bonus,1
peter fazio : great game til u reach level 10. than it has random ads that pop up in middle of gameplay. if u click that u don't want the ad it kicks u out of app totally,1
android gamespot : this is more just a game,1
che roziah : great game to release stress. good graphic and i like it,1
rafael rodriguez : never played a game like this. great graphics,1
shaunak gujjewar : this is the most beautiful game i have ever played in my life . quite classic with beautiful artwork and scenery and background music ! i find the background music more beautiful though ! but please improve the reset progress task ! it doesn't improve even after doing it twice,1
immortal : yeah it's a good game but there are many more scopes to recover this,1
game.there should be some more challenges which will surely make it a more,1
attractive game but it's limitation should be between 200 mb.,1
hu11p1-fajardo,1
gilbert tuhod : because it just suddenly glitch oh and by the way i like the graphics of this game :),1
a google user : i loved this game and i still do. it is a great time killer an passes time quickly. 9/10,1
bea optimal : this game used to be great but now i can't even get past the tutorial cause the chasm is to big to jump over and there is not skip tutorial button so i'm uninstalling again and not coming back till its fixed good bye ):(,0
chisulo mukabe : it is a great game. perfect for relaxing and just having a chilled out time. love the graphics,1
dantalian gerhardtsreiter : fun game,1
riavan : this game is just a prettier version of ski safari but with far worse and more infuriating mechanics and cash grab systems.,1
themanstevie yt : it's a really good game to play when you have a bit of spare time. 10/10,1
deb hal : must have app plz don't forget to add this as the bestest games,1
apan trikha : i'm out of words. the graphics are amazing and sharp,1
audrey rodriguez : very good game always gets me when i get bored.,1
michael leet : the graphics are amazing! you did a really good job its peaceful and its simple i just wish i could give 100 stars you guys are really good at making games.,1
mr. anonymous : amazing,1
mason balsover : great game with tight controls and a wonderful art style,1
alief wibowo : i fall in love with this game,1
wayne : not even 2 minutes in and its already begging for money. stay away.,1
adrian jelley : while the game is fun. installing it caused my phone app to crash constantly and made my phone completely unstable.,1
muhammad yawar husnain : it's quite a fun game i do recommend this to people who want to try out new games,1
a google user : this is the great app that i've found in my life this is relaxing and have,1
a great graphics tho i really love this my mind relaxes everytime i play,1
this game love this,1
soumik chakraborty : good game awsm music effects by which you can relax while playing the game ... it gives you a beautiful graphics ... and you will be the luckiest person if you get a chance to play it and enjoy it's beautiful interface,1
jaisid singh : really good...its really hard to describe other than it is awesome,1
ryan williams : would be 5 stars but keep having to uninstall and reinstall due to a bug that won't allow me to jump. i can tap the screen and go to work shop and start the game but once i'm going i can't jump. please fix.,0
neon tiger : perfect. the greatest game to ever be released for mobile devices.,1
incredible graphics,1
(also respect the humble developers who don't try and steal your money.,1
but,1
shechloe : i love this game so much!! they did a great job making the graphics of the,1
game. and the backround noises are also very realistic. good job on the,1
game!!,1
sigdatsong : amazing how this game can keep you at the edge of your wits- anticipating,1
the very next few seconds and yet have such a calming effect by way of,0
music and scenery.....well done.,1
soren crawford : i love this game because it's simplicity it's self it's a fun and challenging game the controls are simple the graphics are gorgeous and i absoulty love that you can compete with your friends and all i can say is that this is a good game gg and most of all this is alto's adventure!,1
nur aini : best action games ever and please come out more and more! can't wait to see you soon!,1
nishank mehra : at first i saw the logo and thought that its not the type which i play but i suddenly saw that the game had an editors choice sign then i went through its description ,1
a google user : i loved it,1
couldn't get out of zen mode.,1
jayakrishnan kb : each time i'm stressed i play this game with my headphones on. amazing flow this game have. and the sound track is beautiful.,1
johnny morris : absolutely the best app game i've ever had. zen mode and it's music got me in my feels and i strangely got a life is strange vibe from it. gorgeous game i really love it.,1
mahir chaturvedi : this is not prank game and nice game funny is not so much guys this game is,1
challenging and very hard like temple run .,1
ayushmaan singh : absolutely the best endless running game out there. so smooth,1
corey coleman : great time killer this game is the most fun you could ever have in your life.alto's adventure is very relaxble well if your in bed,1
clarita co gamboa : as i downloaded it because it's reviews were awesome and started the game the title appears then it would blackout please fix....,1
charity jones : it's fun i can play it all day 24/7,1
a google user : so fun to play,1
akash sood : graphics and music are very good.but gameplay is disappointed.not much things to do .ok game to play for 1 time but not addicted at all.if u love to play new games every day or week then u can try otherwise not.,1
chandrakanta adhikari : very bad game!! i hope no one ever play it .its not a good game,1
emma liu : it was absolutely fabulous. its just that u should try to malke different updates. but,1
robert jed merjilla : really really love this game! so relaxing and fun... thanks a lot noodlecake. really appreciate your work,1
armani molina : in the zen mode i use headphones like it recommends and the music made me cry tears of joy and i'm a man(dont judge me),1
ed rishel : fun game,1
mei misaki : it's very beautiful & has great atmosphere i also love the zenmode where you can just see everything of this beautiful game!,1
amrul affan : i category this game as "time killer" . btw the storyline ,1
raijin : i got bored by this game after a few weeks of playing,1
j. zula manuel : the game flows so freely,1
loloy magnaye : ok my mom said download alto's adventure....then i download it and play it is relaxing and i do lots of tricks. thank you mom for requesting this game love you,1
anthony halliday : credit to the developers and designers but the game is very boring and requires an uninspiring live of interaction.,1
teona dashniani : it's very interesting game download it if you like good quality of games,1
sean clinton : oh no,1
ian del rosario : i love the graphics,1
viviana chevez : an awesome game. you could be frustrated,1
3026 _ saubhagya singh : after i uninstall coc i was looking for a new game.i don't find a good for a long time then i find it.i think it's a good fame.,1
aditya sapkale : please fix the glitch in zen mode. i have a photo of the glitch. please contact me and i will send you the photo and how it occurs. it changes when when you pause it.,0
a google user : the peaceful music and beautiful art design will have you relaxing while shredding up some fresh powder.,0
xx proclasscrafter xx : this is a game that has helped me hust relax mainly in zen mode but the entire game is nice and relaxing.,1
aditya vardhan : it's really has the right to become the best game of the year,1
a j : a very in depth game great for soothing your nerves after a tense day. zen mode is absolutely stunning played for 2 hours straight once,1
a google user : the game itself is pretty fun,1
is to the point where after every time they show an advert.,0
emmanuel colon : i loved this game. but suddenly they forced adds. at the begunning of the game and even while you are playing. if you've been surviving too long the add stops interrupts your game and takes you back to the start menu... bue bye alto,0
dog max : brill game nothing could be better than these graphics and artistic backround brill game.,1
glitchersx : i loved it because extremely a great game . actually i didn't test it but i will . with looking to the photos i am really satisfied and thank you .,1
shashank mishra : what the fu/k can't download the game hated,1
r m : i like the graphics of this game ..the best is the season that keeps changing especially the rainy season ..,1
deadgir1walking : love it it's so simple and takes your mind off life and whisks your worries away while you take the snowboard and be free...,1
kiri tongkeaw : so good,1
optical gaming : awesome game but please add multi player like hotspot or bluetooth for,1
challenging game and for more fun..i hope this update will be added next,1
update...,1
moba player : the game is so relaxing that you don't even get angry if you fail.,1
bruce smith : i never heard of it or played it but i think that it's a good game,1
nike store employee : very relaxing,1
have downtime,1
a google user : absolutely captivating,1
julian vargo : i broke my phone the other day,1
amal the gamer : it is sweetest game i ever played and i recommend to play with headphones. that endless mode song will make me cry,1
a google user : it is a great game and well developed .the developers have worked quite well in it .this game is quite awesome because of endless game play.the graphics are simply great,1
ed is trash : the audio is extremely choppy which i feel is a major factor in the game which i like i hope this gets fixed,1
a google user : it is just crazy making game i love it more than coc and any other game .more than enough.life taking game,1
edwin : blank screen...while i want play this game..this game nothing give me a progress...i just waiting and nothing happen with this game juat blank screen and finaly i unistalling again...grrrr,1
global radio : this is the best game in the entire play store.simply the best.no ads.no extra things.just you and your game.beautiful concept,1
winnaldo : very very boring game.. just 1 trick no other variant,1
essence pinckney : i got it but at the end o was so close but i hit something and iv had died,0
arkan tanriwa : beautiful graphics. but the rocks were so hard to see. i tripped up far too frequently for it to be enjoyable. ended up uninstalling.,1
abhijit palkar : once your player speed increased it gets very difficult to see path & play well,1
avradeep karmakar : very decent graphics with fun gameplay. music is very tranquil and kind of soothes the mind. overall very good game. but i would like a front-flip in upcoming update.,1
mohan krishna : i dont understand why this has 4.6 rating.. i found that this gam is tooo,1
boring,1
aditya mishra : subjected dehydrated secretary's servicing cynicism functioning juvenility,1
radha nepal : great game. this game is the beast man..keep it up noodlecake studios inc.,1
arika putri : it's such as a boring game i was bored played this games make it more harder it's so easy dont give up ok!,1
sai suresh darlanka : this game only just for fun not entertaining,1
calvin ms : if your game doenst start properly,1
trace w : i didn't even get to play it,1
j cman : as far as these games are concerned,1
cara nelson : great art,1
sahil nandanwar : very good music very relaxing ..... very nicely made game i loved it but the problem is that. is the game not offline cause it asks me to connect to the internet.,0
faris maulana : i lost all of my progress after installing it back,1
a google user : played this a few times myself; highly recommend it. easily one of the most,1
addictive,1
dal bahadur thapa : this game is the best game that i have ever played .... i think that this,1
game is made for me .... cause everything is so silent and beautiful with,1
such asilent music,1
anushka panda : when i played it for the first time,1
messi lm10 : really an awesome game. the graphics are vibrant and is really pleasing to see. also the objectives are simple and easy to get. thank you,1
callie callie j. : this is a lovely game and also relaxing; very well done and modern. just that personally,1
jonathan wilson : this game is really amazing because the creators of this game didn't put a lot of time into making it and plus the music it plays is amazing,1
anshul aditya : animated game and a good time paas game i was attaracted to the game when my friend showed me this everytime asked the name of the game i even bought a sd card for it. very nice game love it,1
aliciah hill : it is a funny gsme because u have to give the deer a slap on the butt whenever u r next to one.,1
ninjaxstrikerz1 : the is so sothing i feel like im going to cry. i want the song itself as amsong im gona play on days that im down thx,1
a google user : i don't know if its just me,1
a google user : this game is extremely fun and innovative the music adds that extra something that most other games haven't got and its extremely addictive,1
gaurav ka : amazing game!! the visual are just perfect,1
a google user : love the music and the background as well... it's really fun doing d tricks while chasing the target. a little more variation might make the game even more fun!,1
terry cameron : great graphics but not as fun as ski safari. dying so quick was the final straw.,1
the king phoenix : the style of this game is awesome. great graphics and smooth gameplay (given you have an adequate device)! definite 5 star experience.,1
ahmedur rahman : one of best game i have ever played in gplay! it kills too much time!,1
jobair ahmed : i just hate it cause it provide much notifications that i don't need and its kind of disturb,1
nidhi pal : i am a little more about it and stuff but it was just wondering what is it possible lol what's app you can see that you are interested please send kr firr you can see that the one that requires you br and lg optimus l7 i will even be fine to go to work in a park avenue south indian desi babe who is a free to call all your hard work in the evening before,0
a google user : would have rated 5 star if cloud progess / profile save option is available. kindly add this feature.,1
dan mcgregor : what a brilliant game. there's not many games out there that purely cater for the gamer and not the fat cats. amazing talent.,1
sandeep : i usually play games like clash royale ,1
maddy : this is the bestest game in my game list. i love it's beautiful graphics. sound is very very peaceful. this game is so addictive. i love this game. hope u guys provide more this gud type game in future.,1
soumak nandi : can't get any better. relaxing yet competitive,1
banana tim : this was such a fun time waster. even now,1
that disruptive.,1
72 stealth : this game is totally relaxing me and made me cry because of the sunset...this was really great game to play,1
fairuz damar wasesa : i just can see the title and the black screen,1
a google user : good game.. but you need to add more environment and season..also add more,1
characters and increase controll.sonwe will be able to play more peacefully,1
a google user : i think its a good game for little kids like my brother,1
a google user : y'all should add more special skills today player front flips back flips all kinds,0
light just : seriously,1
armande de silguy : kinda boring since there are few controls. good game if your waiting for your waitress to bring you your food. bad game if it's the only one you have and your on an airplane or some place where you have a lot of time on your hands.,0
this isn't my real name : this game is just amazing. everything. from visuals to powerups,1
could give this game endless stars.,1
dave gregory : one of those games that i keep coming back to daily. gorgeous graphics and simple design. only criticism is - do you really get crickets up a snowy mountain at night time?,1
a google user : i think this can cure brain illness because it's so mesmerizing.,1
sanskar : i think your game is great and every one should have it. there's only one problem,0
gifford cheung : lags now,1
computer life : oh yes. best game yet on play store i cant just explan why.(it helps me get through time),1
a google user : creatively designed mixture of relaxing music,1
dan yak : i had it on so many different phones and tablets its the best game i met. i recommend it alot,1
hritik5art : i lived this game but some issue is that here players i've an idea to connect the fb and play with friends i am very like this game,1
aditya shandilya : visuals that transfix the player: i have many wallpapers clicked from this game; of the dawns and dusks,1
troy glidden : boring after a bit. i like the graphics and the idea,0
meepwers : it's awesome and kinda relaxing so if you ask me how was the game ill say "its freaking lit",1
dragon : love it. for me,1
a google user : love the game i no play it on my brothers laptop love the graphics too .,1
keisha m : graphics are awsome. no problems ever i love this game. but it gets old fast,1
uttarakhand _youth : awesome but need to add some other background or location with more challenges.,1
travis washburn : the artwork is amazing. it's an endless skier,1
bhavkaran singh : it's soo amazingly just beautiful. just beautiful. as for the game i wish alto was a bit bigger in size and more controllable...but otherwise beautiful,1
ammar dzafic : this game is great but for me it got boring in 20 minutes,1
lord haisha : i didn't know that had this on android i used to play it everyday but it was payed which sucked balls,1
bryson maynard : so beautiful,1
daniel tullis : loved it until these really annoying popup ads started happening recently. now i've uninstalled it.,1
alex israel : great game but stats didn't carry over when i got a new phone. i was almost,0
level at the last level,1
unlock it all again. i'll keep looking into it to see if i can because,1
overall this is an amazing game!,1
frazer correia : the game lags sumtyms don't knw d reason bt need to find a solution,1
rama jaganathan : this indeed is a game that satisifies the soul as quoted by techcrunch! :d however,1
a google user : game is good but there should more things to be added in the market like boost! speed and other things u know otherwise game is good,1
gujju x gaming : very good games ilike it is not the named recipient you must be the best regards,1
sam bacigalupa : i was at a verizon store and got bored so i played on the demo of this game. i loved it so i downloaded it on my phone and tablet!!,1
covid 19 : is very crestive game really relax me when im stress,1
reallyupsetmen : what a beautiful and a relaxing game! we need more games like this. but one thing that i want or this game is more content! give us more things to do!,1
a google user : tomorrow is a great day out for you and me and i am sure that your app is a,1
good idea of tguru nanak hospital and i am not able to make a decision on,1
the phone and i will be in the uk for your reply and for the first time in,1
the uk and ireland and scotland jmkkk to the uk,1
it,1
ketan prajapati : first off all,1
mohit kumar : please pay mess fees rather than requesting paid version of funky games asap.,1
janrovic valmonte : it's really fun to play when u play the more it just gets boring,1
jovan alexander : this is cool and all but every time i want to sign in.. the game just freeze. please fix. this game is so frickin cool i will give you 5 stars,1
tanner dornsife : the black title screen keeps happening. can't play the game,1
braeden wolf : minimalistic,1
akshay a.s : the beauty of the artwork just blows you away! and even if its such a peaceful game,1
kali uchis : this game made me cry because of the zen mode. it is the definition of heaven!,1
gilby astrajingga : fully dynamic lighting and weather effects,1
a google user : could not stop playing and the music,1
serene and the view of alto skating down the mountain is just breathtaking.,1
thank you,1
matt luxton : this is one of the best games i've ever played,1
talking pc,1
controls are perfect. the progression is fantastic and i'm still playing it,0
way after completing all the levels and buying every upgrade. cannot wait,0
to play odyssey when it comes out which i'm certain will be even better!,1
sabyasachi bose : if u try it with earpiece in a lone atmosphere,1
ultimate addiction... music is really none of kind!,1
blue : the more i played this game when it dropped on ios the more i wished it would come to android now that it's here i plan to play it indefinitely,1
daria taafe : i want to love this game but so many ads make it crazy annoying,0
a google user : rating before downloading jst giving it a 4 star bcoz there are positive ratings by many.....,1
luis cipriani : the game entered in a night version and was really hard to play.,1
owls hi : how to become pro when i try to jump on clift then die i have to start from begin. stupid,1
anita jiro : i get home i can i just come over i can get it done today i can come by and pick up i will be there for the interview at i can get a new one and i don't have a c ar so you don't have to do that i don't have to go back to work on monday so i can get the money is in your account for my birthday is the interview on the t,0
parag gajera : nothing best in it,1
a google user : i tried to install it but it says invalid package,1
nic seed : best game ever! but i thought altos odyssey was supposed to come out today.,1
wayne tomlinson : the comments are mainly by the developer's friends game does get boring very quickly..,1
mr. crowley : ridiculous! every time you lose a life you have to watch a advertisement video...uninstalled clickbait.,0
craig nixon : the hints play every time and i cant stop them. otherwise this would be a 5,0
mohammed fakhry : you just can't speed up to pass chasms which is so stupid and frustrating,1
a google user : i played this game on another phone i couldn't move because it was so fun. i love it!,1
miloas milo : i love everything about this game. although,1
bhimrao kawale : i haven't played this game yet.still i am giving 5 stars because i know it is beyond 5 stars,1
a google user : game is ok. but hard to play during night in the game ...the troubles,1
cannot be focused due to bad illustrations!,1
manita charnphari : there is no levels in this game and without levels the game become boring it is endless game that's not good,1
shivam singh : i uninstalled it because it's bullshit,1
reuben stevens : this is really bad and tones of ads pop up and you can't actually do anything,1
shrivatsan v : the only major flaw being that the elder can't be inflicted damage,1
william phillips : thanx for caring about black screen hangups...havent even played it hope its great,1
steven baker : unfortunatly just graphics doesnt make a good game. boring.,1
tatyana yagozinskaya : just the best never-ending amazing and calm game. one of few are on my phone for years,1
venu sen : by reading the reviews i gave the game 4 star rating but when i play it il change my mind,1
a google user : i'll tell u one thing download it you won't regret it very calming,0
kaushik subba : it is indeed a good game but there is nothing more to do in the game people may easily get bored of the game,1
hire leblanc : the game is so fun i can't stop piaying it,1
ayoub elyatimi : what the sh** you can just jump,1
ian morgenheim : the main character's magnet feet aren't particularly fun to control (that is,1
oldgodz : i can't find anything different from ski safari,1
aybuke bayri : doesnt work on my phone ! if you code it,1
stephen cowden : good graphics and gameplay,1
steve pietruszewski : got to play tutorial and first level then locked at same black screen everyone else gets. what a waste.,0
juni arina : the most beautiful game i've ever play. from the relaxing music to the,1
gorgeous graphic,1
peter ahed : this game has made me emtional the past year its the best game i played yet.for all of you newbies this is a phomenal experience and mind blowing.this game is so beatifull and satisfing it makes you want to get teary eyed this is the best game i ever played so simple,1
more humor : the best game i'be ever played. have it in my pc also. the best graphis,1
joel raju : i've been waiting for an android version ever since the game came out and finally i have it...,1
felipe schnurr : best game i've ever played in my life! so addicting and great graphics. loved everything about it,1
harriet : really,1
zef peralta : startup is taking too much time.,1
yevgeny dyuburg : premium is for nothing. while you are playing in "regular" game,1
chromo panda : i never even finished downloading butt im haveing fun with it,1
al cafacci : the game is just amazingly well done,1
martin martin : the game thought i was touching the screen even when i was not,0
samarth tripathi : love this game i enjoy this game i want to see its next version it is most,1
stisfieng game so please download\install,1
a google user : nice game dam all to complain about really + soothing music:),1
prinny x : ny times,1
jiana yassin : that update is just awesome....i alway try to take screenshots for the beautiful scenes in the game and u just added the photo mode,0
a google user : it is a great game to kill time. plus..u can do sick tricks.,1
a google user : guys when you are upset you really should play this game . i will not tell you why. just try it .,0
brandon plante : this game was great! finally unlocked every character and it was worth it! didn't pay anything out of pocket and enjoyed it a whole lot!,1
james nielsen : this game is one of the best games i have ever played. well done on your achievement,1
emily xu : the graphics are great and the zen mode is relaxing. a great game to play if u want to unwind + chill out.,1
shobhit 70 : bhaukaaali game h ye download avashya kere i mean to say very pathetic & adventurous game is this,1
geetanya : i tink day de title was enough....niggya tis mobile gyame is reallyea awasom.... tink dat dis description is legible,1
parth khanna : 506 what should i do.,1
nadia nur : this is the most relaxing and amazing game i've ever played. seriously,1
s buck : stupid just kidding i tricked u its april first i love the game,1
pablo damasceno : app freezes after title screen.,1
maranjoelis martinez : i love this game really relaxing music calm and sleepy when you hear it to much still love it releases stress,1
avinash sai : but the installation of the game is strucked in between .so;plz check the prblm,1
james pace : this game is soooooo boring!but thats my opinion and i dont know about u,1
a google user : i thought that it was a bad game but when i installed it was beyond expatation thank u noodle cake for this game i am waiting for alto's adventure season 2,0
brian larsden : better than average game that's very,1
abhishek joshi : i've been waiting for this to come out for android for month's,1
gwiyom_lid : i love the sounds and the effects. this game is calm and even works without wifi!,1
a google user : i play this game waayyyy to much but i never stop because it's compelling,1
thahseen judas : i almost get lost in the world of loneliness with this music. what a great application. keep it up development team.,1
mrgr33d yt : i really like this game if i can rate 100 star it would be great!!,1
terry cobb : i love lama's so i hate running over lama's game sucks to many fricking ads,0
ashmuryode : need to pay for unlocked new character ? really ? i recently play these,1
game on pc using windows 10 already unlocked 4th character no need to pay,1
at all just reach the goal only...no need to pay...play these game is more,1
fun on smartphone but if you want free character download from microsoft,1
store...download game for free get all character for free,1
megh kumar bafna : i don't even understand how people like this game,1
a google user : i fill bad because i didnt discover this game earlyer :-d,0
a google user : i hate this game how can you just put a hill and a skateboard it supposed,1
to be adventurous put some poles put some trees to jump over not like this,1
this is just boring just make people don't want to buy games or download,0
just look at the sunset does that make sense just one minute and it goes so,1
i can take this please try to change your game because i don't like it i,1
don't like it please put this up and i can give a thumbs up,1
trippsy : i played the little demo thing on the iphone 6 display at the atnt store for 5 minutes and i looked it up on my iphone 4 and you gotta pay but i can get it free for android from noodle cake studios!,1
a google user : it is so relaxing and smooth it makes me happy and calm whenever i'm mad,1
sensui : i love the new zen mode and i can tell there was a lot of love and thought that went into making this. you guys are awesome and i'd take a class on how to make an app from your team just so i can receive you wisdom and feed off that passion!!,1
ritvik prakash : good graphics,1
louie : the downfall of this game is it a bit samey,1
geer boggles : crashes after logo splash screen every time.,0
a google user : sushmasagar i purchased a product named datawind tablet but we can't receive updates and i know you were going out with my baby and then you,1
joachim : nice graphics and music,1
maulana sd : the soundtrack was good,1
all characters,1
gameing tulunadu : potential different types of the day,1
pramesh sherla : error 921 i want to play fix this,1
things n stuff : very beautiful game its simple but very entertaining to play.,1
h u h : i bet you devs had alot of creativity and ideas for this game,1
a google user : llama jumped off edge of clif that's a suicide,1
terry dactyl : the first time i played it was at an apple store on one of the ipad pros,1
jequille singosemito : this game keeps me busy if im bored i really like it,1
vishal khand : i have played this game almost 1 year ago and it is best game to play after smoking weed,1
a google user : i play this a lot when i'm waiting at like the doctor's office,0
taron klatt : dude when i first saw this game i thought it would be good but it was better than i could of imagined.,1
cho guixian : very pleasing and enjoyable. i truly love the music,1
john carlos : very unique.you've done a great job in this game and i'm only 11 years old so this is my kinda game !,1
a google user : the same as last night and was wondering what the hell you have to go to,0
last year and a big deal but i don't have to do the same time and i am a,0
bit more time to do the same time and i am a bit more than a year or so i,1
will send you a call me at all and i am not sure what you think about the,1
number of people that have been working on a card for my records for the.,0
a google user : uninstalled due to ads. it's a shame because i really enjoyed playing it.,0
paul talbert : crashes on open,1
rudrak de : i won't say that this game is not bad but it looks that something is missing otherwise good graphics and nice logic,1
arani datta : superb game ...a must play ...very soothing..just see the issue that after,1
downloading and connecting to google play you dont get back ur saved game,1
aftet redownloading it...it'll be very useful if u can sort this prob.,1
ster : totally can't stand just wanna die,1
laissa : it was so good and that graphics were amazing but after a while,1
tomek eames : you said that you had fixed the black screen bug!,0
random dude : beautiful music,1
this game enough! well done to the devs!,1
vijay singh : graphics are really good . and it seems an ios app and pls add front flip waiting for update,1
op gaming : alto's adventure is so beautiful and the music is so calm and downloading it was the best choice i made in a long time,1
malae shaw : if you have a samsung tablet do not download! i can't even play it because,0
every time i try to play it comes up with a screen that says something like,0
"sorry alto has stopped" of "game unavailable at this moment.,1
a google user : this is my favorite game but i dont know why i can't play this anymore the update ruin it i hope i can play it in asus zenfone,0
akshat jagga : nothing new,1
anastasia korsun : just the black screen at start with music and nothing else...,1
vee : it has got calming graphics but besides that the game gets really boring.,0
a google user : this app is the one to be on every single device! but when i try to watch an ad to get gold,0
android17-gamer27 hunter1397j : my iphone this game cost money! very disappointing,1
the lowest i can. stop charging for this game!,1
i'm nirvana : evey time when i uninstall it after someday i came playstore to intstal it again,0
dayton brix : the game deserves 5 but playing on 20 fps sucks,1
leanne : wow i'm crying.... this is the awesome app i've ever played all apps that i've download is very bad but this. ... urghhhh so great pls make updates so we could play more but all of this options of the game is 100% good job!!,1
zach gaming : it's so cool i love it it's so beast mode,1
jeshua pituello : the thing is that you can enjoy a simple game in a simple time without getting to much in the game and away from the world.,1
mreegank sinha : i collected 7,1
jeff washington : its a really great game loved the first one ... just one problem when your,1
surfing the wall it distorts the sound and slows game play a little,1
craig lopresto : the design is great but it is hard to see obstacles due to the low light of the backgrounds.,1
kirkland : the game is great. it has awesome graphics,1
kexlar and son : terrible. all i saw was just a load screen that lasted forever. unimpressed,0
rachit verma : awesome game.liked zen mode a lot.the beautiful soundtrack is very relaxing and soothing,1
broadie mooney : i played it be for but i have no room on my phone so i couldn't get the app,1
npm install skills -g : played it two times because i didn't have cloud setup the first time. love this game,1
dg danigo : i can even say anything this game actully perfect+,1
despina k : it was a very addictive and very entertaining game. but eventually u have,1
to take a break from it.,1
dancan atonya : at least put a mode where by after one has completed the task another task loads on automatically as you continue,1
mahbooba akhter : simply put,1
kayden lye : i got so addicted to it the first time playing and haven't stopped since,1
siddaraj siddaraj : it will take a shower then i'll come over to the gym today and tomorrow night and sweet potato fries and a half day tomorrow and then we can get the money to pay the bills are you doing tonight and tomorrow at the moment and i will have to do with the family is so much,1
zedra zilo : overall,1
aaaa aaaa : hate the fact that we have to click on rocks to avoid it. it obscures our vision.,1
ajeet shankar : time killing app. battery drains a lot. while playing this particular game,1
nurulheyreeshah 8 : first time i download this app is feel not to fun,1
milind chaudhari : this is one my fev8 game.. very nice music in there.. thankx for this game... i recommend use headphone while u playing this game,1
jj's packet : not bad but after about a week the game get's boring.,0
a google user : thus game ... is ... it just has good graphics and you can skid on rope in possible. and check out may youtube channel its zemonster44 pls.,1
zodia creek : this game so stupid because you can't even make it over the jump,1
a google user : this game has no variety and the only objective makes this game a grind.,1
alpha sativa 420 : i love this game! it is very relaxing,1
biviana biviana : it's a game that makes people have fun playing with no matter how many,1
times you fail.,1
aman nagarkoti : not better than ski safari (both games have similar concepts),1
a google user : got too annoyed with night mode,1
debangshu 777 : it makes u feel so relaxed and take away ur stress,1
rahul joshi : really simple game with nice music and lovely layout. really good for spacing out.,1
noman : this game is a great adventure.. took me 2 years to complete it in and off..,1
arindam bhattacharjee : boring game. you have to restart it again n again if you stuck somewhere.,0
jo sana : many of the games simply giving boring in few days...but this game does not give me bore...simply alto has longliness,0
rollowi : great time killer. love it. i usually play it on the school bus,1
houssam eddine : trust me ,1
arrianna tamayo : so much fun and addictive. the way it is being played is the best one i found. fantastiko!,1
shwing flam : this is just a masterpeice it's art in the form of a game i often find,1
myself making stories based off the setting of this game,1
sean-patrick moyo : i really love this game.....never gets boring and my best addiction....,1
really relaxing to an extent l forget all my stress....though it would be,1
nice if there were more modes in the game instead of just one,1
de nguyen : 11/10 ign but not really but 11/10 cause fun and addictive,1
emilia r. : i used to play this game in all the phone stores,1
katie a. : this game is amazing and gorgeous. there's a bug with double back flipping that,1
tasdid fayed : loved the zen mode and the whole concept of it. great time killer and very relaxing. the graphics is dope too!,1
elizabeth solorzano : in all honesty,1
beyonce dike : it is very relaxing and calm,1
inam ur rehman : very good graphics very addictive and a game that you will alway whan you are bored,1
awesomenessgamer 2828 : i live it good traffics really fun addicting this is a 100/10 i love it plz reply,1
gopal shukla : ilike this game but not that much whatever i am giving this game 5 stars that much,1
jeevan shetty : truly awesome game if you think should i download please don't think download it never seen before such game,1
sourabh patwa : best game! beware : you may get addicted,1
dude hanyo : best game i ever played when i don't have internet,1
game striker : nicee finishing of the game well done team members plzz brings more new,1
update to have more fun in game,1
kevxngotbandz : whenever i play it it makes me chill like yo it's so good and relaxing,1
me mahim : this game is addictive and awesome . i like this update . we got characters,1
. please add more characters and add gadgets or power ups. please add these,1
in next update .,1
a google user : this game is really fun plz make more but with weapons and cool enimie obstacles to kill,1
steve anderson : fantastic. after a while you just forget about the score and live in the present.,0
eddy gonzalez : i really like this game! headphones recommended! its so beautiful! those who rated this app 4 or less stars should be ashamed of them selfes!!!!,1
angelo soriano : what the problem.. i give 5 star but i cant play,1
ryan baux : you snowboard down a mountain dodge rocks and do backflips...,1
tiffany geary : omg i loved this game its probably one of those apps i will never get rid of!,1
adrian camacho : i really hate it because it loads to long when it is installing,1
kavita suri : hey i am parth loved this game but it downloads very slow,1
rachel walker : i think its very boring maby not to u,1
mohona banerjee : the music along with the graphics always helps me unwind after a long time,0
parker mccall : i love this game. it's endlessly calming and helps to cheer me up a little whenever i play it,1
sean : i just love it. it has great graphics and is easy to play. i think that you should add airtime for points,1
shinobi_aki_. : i love it but one thing pls when is alto's odyssey coming out,1
rg : i loved the music,1
faq with k. r : really bogus n waisting time mind f**king game,1
t&a b : awesome graphics. boring game after 5 mins.,1
dany guy : nice came,1
no free or game money content,1
niraj prakash : i cannot beleive its a game or a miracle. i just cannot say it it awsomely amazing we cannot just we just live this game its ...... its its amazingly awsome,1
humble truth : the only thing that can get better is add something after the level 51 (once you unlock all the characters there's isnt much to do) but its a really zen and pretty game,0
tasnema tarannum : i have downloaded it multiple times because i love it so much! however my,1
skills are not so impressive so i get stuck and eventually give up. but,1
then i see it again,1
a google user : it's a really good game. i love it. and i don't think you'll be disapointed,1
if u install it,1
joshua pavlovic : i haven't even played it yet and yet i give it 4 stars. why? because the design looks awesome i hope that when i play it it will be worthy of 5 stars.,1
ranadheer rapelli : such a nice game and the popular thing is that music.and we wanna leave in that place feelings .,1
farooq rahu : really love this game paly every night before sleep ,1
avi love : complete package of edict i on . and ,1
happy stone : a demo should be provided for each obstacle how u can cross that,1
eric wong : love the music,1
four twenty 420 : its one of the most greatest graphics game...i try to play this game in every day.,1
ansal s : i think when we play this game our bored time can avoid,1
martin kloos : difficult to see the rocks so kept crashing into them,1
slavyan bojinov : i have been waiting for this game to come out forever,1
amritangsha dey : the game is too good.. cant explain but,1
ahildev m : while i am playing still it shows unfortunately game stopped how to resolve,1
diane leslie enojado : this game is soooo refreshing and new! if there are more cliche it'll surely become an exciting and interesting game. keep up the good work and thank you for creating this creative game!! i love it!!,1
eduardo gapuz : the game is fun.. and nice game to kill time while waiting for my teacher hehehe,1
varun goel : breathtaking visuals,1
kevin vergara : it is so addictive u cannot stop playing it a really fun and cool game,1
dusan petkovic : i have trouble with your stupid tutorial when i have to jump over that cliff or something i dont have enough speed so i cant jump over it and i just keep dying like an idiot fix it please.,0
karan risbud : the graphics are good,1
markskelebone _ : amazing music + beautiful graphics = one of the best games ever you've,1
really outdone yourselves noodlecake,1
mayank bajaj : it's a total copy of ski safari which was launched 4 years before,1
a google user : nice looking game for casual gamers becomes boring quick.,1
sangeeta hari : worst game ever played ... what kind of game is this it has normal places to travel and we can only jump ... it's no fun to play at all i expected a better from this game,1
a google user : this is a great game. but for paz you can't do a flip. i suggest that you can upgrade the flip speed of paz in the shop,1
artemio segarino : thank you who made this game is soooooooo relaxing when you play with the beautiful music. thanks man i u,1
gurleen : its a really fun game but i really suck at jumping over rocks as i notice them too late and i am constantly wiping out. or i might just suck at jumping.,0
sebastiano poggi : i can't help going back to ski safari though,1
cheree newton : it has beautiful graphics,1
6242 safiullah shaikh : this game was awesome. i have no words to describe it .you must install.,1
aisha naseem : just love it,1
zahid hasnani : in stage 43 after wingsuit activation,1
a google user : this is very special to me and i love this game coz it is simple and unique,1
.. catching ur running reindeers,1
dam 425 : if i could rate a zillion stars,1
ritik gupta : it's a very nice game for all ages,1
stix : its one of those games where its not action packed but its still an amazing game!,1
harpinder kaur : his background is very great but it's missions is very difficult can you,1
make it easy,1
douglas reid : get an error code 11. contacted developers and no response,1
sunil jadhav : it is one of the greatest android game i ever played.. no lags. runs very smooth and fine,1
cookie dough bro : it was lit and fun. got everything in the game. its boring now though.,1
a google user : very nice graphics this is the best game in the world i think so and no one can over take this game lovely...,1
romina lb : its garbage. its exactly likew a por version of subway surfers,1
siva sankar : but,1
mainul hoque : i just lovvvve ir... coz my old good memories is been stuck wit it... love it,1
inessa rulli : this is the best time killing game i've played. seriously i'm not lying. get it.,1
synergy shadow : i think that overall it was a great game playing as alto and it was just my go to game on a sad day like today,1
yousef chowdhury : no words can describe how good this game is.. absolutely perfect!,1
a google user : unable jump across chams no matter what you do... from to day night,1
guy drake : got really addicted to this..great fun and no ads had to uninstall ad it is so addictive lol,1
stephen king : all i get is the apparently fixed black screen after the title page,0
owen mcclure : simple and fun. could use some more features though,1
natasha ruth : the game is awesome it's just the ads that ruin it,1
amish kapadia : it is fun game for those who just want to kill the time out,1
arthur hernandez : i haven't played it but people say that its a great game so gonna try it out,1
likhith rohan : it may seem like a childish game but awesome to play,1
bhagyshree tiwaskar : song is good everything is ok but after playing 4 to 5 time it is just boring,0
traci hawkins : all bugs fixed game is way better amazing graphics and character's,1
pradhyuman badoni : you helped me to reduce my exam stress,1
a google user : great game! game play and graphics are wonderful. challenges are just difficult enough to not just be a breeze through game,0
styxz : i have a friend named alex but we call him alto,1
vamp : i guess m in love with this game the zen mode is awsm jst love wnjoying the game pleasuring my me time,1
mark z : after this update everytime i play i have to click the screen then a second later my character moves. please fix this,0
mrs. ranta : this is such a beautiful game! its offline too.i have had this game on,1
three different devices with a choice in which games i wanted to keep and i,1
chose this one.its a happy and pretty game!,1
evie burger : beautiful graphics and easy controls! lovely game,1
k spook : i liked this game until it broke down on me! but when it did work,1
armaan singh : never played it but it's garbage and a waste of storage 5 stars fully,1
deserved,1
kammyclues : this game was always one of my favorites because it was so calming and fun,1
i really like this game and i hooe you do too!,1
masmajor 13 : it's fun but i hate that the elder chases you .,1
john mivule- novabow : great game add a battle mode a multiplayer mode and a custom character changer. in addition new maps to snowboard on.,1
jaxon gray : by far the most relaxed game in the world! the best laid-back game ever! i absolutely love zen mode!,1
a google user : very very very addictive because of it's randomly generated map or you c,0
ould say alto's adventure.,1
a google user : it was fun to unlock the characters and complete the levels. but there wasn't much to do after that. waiting fo the odyssey.,1
a google user : sooooo boring but it was a great time playing.(no end to it),0
e hg : would never open. just crashes at title screen. do not get.,0
animesh singh : awesome game. great music. need some work in the gameplay and hurdles. overall a must play.,1
a google user : its free have too many features.this game is stunning,0
sahil saha : the graphics are super and sound effects are great. i love to play the game.,1
ram mohanty : amazing graphics,1
general. really looking forward to alto's odyssey.,1
harsh rana : hoping that it would come up to be a great game.,1
landon smith : it is kinda hard when you first play but it will tell you what to do,1
thrasher raccoon : breathe taking visuals and minimal art style make alto's adventure my new favorite stress reliever. the game play is so simple yet keeps me coming back for more! awesome work!,1
adrians : awesome! i just love it! graphics are the best and even if there is any bugs,1
thirupathi rao : i am not understanding how to jump over big gaps please give some clarity about this please,1
erwin manik : the game is gorgeous,1
joe : played it once around 2013 in an apple store. forgot the name. just found it. so happy,1
itzinthefridge : soothing and relaxing,1
avinash mahajan : this is the only game for which i felt like writing a review. amazing music man! graphics are on point. most relaxing game ever. it is a must have game!,1
saif khan : influence in the game fully... this gameplay can give you happiness amezing music feelings,1
a google user : im not even playing it but because of the reviews i download it vnd give a five star hope it didn't dissappoint me,0
rahmir fields : i wish that you could do more flips but still i give it 5 stars,1
al yu : its amazing games,1
addicted and the music is have a calm yet adventurous tone,1
suyog patil : very addictive game. get in flow with the music and animation of this game's world. loved it ',1
lenovo asixkplus : i am able to sign in but the achievements aren't getting updated. is someone else facing the same issue?,1
ben lee : i give 5 star because there's only 5 star for us to rate ,1
supreme. pump : because the way tht u can do flips back flip any kind of flips u want,1
vignesh nan : i hate the pop-up messages coming in between,1
madhav mantry : nice and easy. nice graphics. finished the game. pls get new updates and more challenges,1
bijoy sarma : the game play is not that good.but i rate it 5 stars .awesome game,1
xoyaze baduwal : very relaxing.. loved it... i played it few months ago although i don't,1
have it now but it is really amazing game and a great time killer ..,1
anboo 51 : hey producers any chance you can make another game of alto maybe put,1
multiplayer in it and add more characters. btw one of the greatest games i,1
have ever played,1
king do - si - dose : i downloaded this but when i went to play it it never passed the title screen,1
bhuvanesh bablu : this is one of the awesome game but this game need a some hard adventures... the background of this is really good and more attractive,1
k : you can't beat this the art style is awesome best game ever,1
yahya : this is a visually stunning game and is lots of fun to play. i have found no problems with this game,1
27. subhradeep dutta : the most peaceful game i have ever played. believe me,1
get stressfree.,1
nitish mehndiratta : the best thing about this game i found is the soundtrack. it felt very soothing to me and perfect for the game. but what annoyed me most is that controls are very glitchy. after playing 10-12 games in a row,1
jodie smallman : i've played it before but hadn't played all the levels but i'll check it out anyways,1
a google user : the first time i had to play with it there a time for the delay i had to go there plz find attached the first,0
john ulahanan : this game is something i really love it its graphics and also his movement physics has attracted me thanks editor's choice and also that zen mode of yours is great,0
kadel comper : there ciuld be more things like upgrade jumps but straitforward its great,1
a google user : oh yeaaaa. i just loooove the zen mode. totally on point,1
jaedon dixon : very addictive and i love how you just perform amazing tricks with the click of a button. somtimes i play for hours,1
achan ramung : it would be nice to change the apps icon. i think most people luk at the icon before downloading or checking it out,1
mikias mulugeta : guys don't download it because in one section it has the triangle eye for illuminaty so take care with ur life,1
ying jiun low : nice graphics,1
a google user : really amazing the animations the concept it's really a super game u will love it play it,1
free slave : every time i play this game i found it so pleasing.it is like giving peace to my mind. it is awesome.,1
shamir arshad : love it best graphics but we need to more things to do in the game more weapons,1
oscar riggs iii : it makes me feel like the world isn't even there,1
aissatou sylla : this is awesome and i love how they added the elder and we have to run away from him or her,0
ken chicken : you should do more games like this i'm not kidding holy feces good a perfect game stress reliever,1
saif ur rehman : i wish u guys can add more maps and some more special skills. because this game is really a good one just need a little more improvements,1
rajneesh 1997 : nice game with simple game play and nice minimalist theme and super,1
background track that just keeps us playing.,1
mkhi muy : love it music is so relaxing and go great with beats also didn't no about the workshop until now so that is a kool experience,1
amila de alwis : one of the best game i ever played. beautiful graphics,1
jose flores : when it gets dark you can't see anything,1
delores wood : didn't fix the big hanging on black screen and i still have the update,0
n.n.h.l : most relaxing game i have ever played. there are many running games but this one is most soothing one,0
a google user : simple but incridible guys its so addictive....fun killing time game,1
pratham : according to mr world's best game is clash royale and second is our alto,1
josh bumgarner : don't waste your time. don't say i told you so,1
eryk stochmal : this game is just supercalifragelisticexpealedocious!!!!!!! p. s. if you add more upgrades and other chatacters and just a whole lot more of everything then the play store will have to create a rating of 6 stars,1
mouthy : this game sucks!! i fuqing hate it but im giving it a 5star because i feel like it,1
joben dailisan : i dont likely rate apps but this game very nice game,1
yosue garcia : this game was awesome no ads whatsoever unless u wanted to revive alto but overall it's a great and addicting game,1
yuval s : i likedcthe game exept paz the boy that is very slow,1
danesh fatakia : i discovered it in windows store and got addicted right from the start. great game!,1
giovanni reyes : if mobile games learn the right direction they can be fun also for people who play often in consoles or pc,1
bala krishnan : this is the best and feel good game i've ever played...music is breezing my ears,1
raphael thoo yi xian : great graphics with simple,1
asanat barakat : amazing graphics ,1
a google user : definitely should get it,1
rahul chouhan : its so peaceful to play this,1
aman thapar : nice game to play with good graphics. i can give it 10 stars,1
tanneeru saikrishna : its really addictive. this is the 1st time i have gave a review for a game. i am very excited,1
salar jamal : best game ever !!!! this is one of the most wonderful games i've ever played!the scenery and music is perfect,1
poopymechs : i love this game for its very calming and simplistic art style with such addictive gameplay,1
razia aftab : rtherapy the,1
jessica ippolito : great game! my boyfriend introduced me to the app and now i'm hooked!!,1
shaggy subsea : game graphics r simply awesome and background score is soft to hear...i love this game,1
siddharth sharma : during installation its saying that package file is invalid. please help!,1
a google user : this game is so cool.it is a relaxing game.so i liked it a lot.i wanted,1
this type of game and it did not disapoinded me.so ya i loved it,1
unknowngurhh : dont want to work on my phone it keeps stopping,1
a google user : you will be blown away because of this app. perfect for skateboarders.,1
jibon kumar saha : well-done . nice game but a little bit boring,1
pedro's pizza : it is a calming and fluent game. i could play it for hours if my battery didn't lose power.,0
shelly hamersley : i haven't played the game yet but the art work its just...beautiful. don't mind the 1star people they're just big violence thugs with no inner heart and m for machure games like fallout4 (which sucks by the way).,0
chris e : considering noodle cake has a hand in it i expected more. pumped is awesome. this is like ski safari. needs actual tricks.,0
madeleine marshall : i love this app so much.it is very good and fun to play when you are bord. :p,1
chicken gamer 56 : it's the smoothest game i played no complaints i has a great plot and love the speed boost,1
a google user : the best game i've played in a long time. its calm and collected,1
a google user : i'd recommend this to someone who has free time but doesn't have anything,0
to do.,1
james cola : it may just be me,1
tom rudley : beautiful,1
nazeer abdul : the game is great but the only problem is ads if there where no ads this game is excellent but plz remove the ads please a request,0
ptolemy jeffrey : this game has great graphics and has very good gameplay in short 10/10,1
alex sawchuk : an amazing app,1
i dont like tomatos : no exciting mission btw gameplay features are on but no use as no good mission,1
lucky#13 : one of the best and most calming games i have ever played. perfect for relaxing while playing a fun game.,1
riley roo : when it downloads and works,1
g guenther : could have some more effects and easier levels,1
judy nelson : such a beautiful and calming game.its offline which is a major,0
rushil gupta : loved this games. completed all the achievements with the constant,1
enthusiasm and never got frustrated while playing it. and the zen mode is,1
quite relaxing. thanks for this game noodlecake developers!!!,1
deane henard hattingh : it's a real nice time killer if u dont have data and want to relax also can get your blood pumping when u challenge friends to there top score over all just awesome,1
a google user : i think its a really fun game if your bored so yea hi internet,1
thomas de rivaz : it is pretty and well crafted. just ultimately not much content to keep in my phone after a few runs.,0
la vapor : this is an excelent indie game that keeps you coming back for more. thats why its my google profile picture.,1
k : very peacefull,1
ramu repalle : seeing this will be interest and graphics are superb .i'm downloading now to play and to rock,1
rev : this game is simple and amazing. it is easy to understand the controls and the graphics are simplistic.,1
susan pugh : this game is amazing and addicting the only problem is that there is a bit of lag,1
sean oden : love the game as a whole... but i hate the elders lol,1
sash : really love the art style also fun to play when bored good time killer.,1
aditi singh : it's one of the best. just so relaxing and sometimes i feel like i myself am snowboarding.,1
a google user : good game i ever play but clash of clans is 1 and this game is 2 . it is true,1
ashwin jayakumar : gr8 games great graphics great every thing,1
elijah buckout : this game surprised me,1
erica vestal : amazingly entertaining,1
snehasis biswas_60 : it is better if heard using headphones.it's a great game with cool graphics,1
essa m. : very relaxing yet challenging at the same time. it's a game i keep coming back to.,1
joyce lanterman : boring and frustrating. you have to start over every time you wipe out.,0
connor wolfe : this game is very fun and i can just take it out wherever i am and play some alto's adventure!,1
samuel wise : i don't understand how someone thought of this amazing game,1
devin mcgrath : was really soothing when i was in highschool,1
feeling down,1
jeannie yerigan : sky do flips jumps and go fast is the best you feel like u are in it,1
steven freiberg : thinking i have no clue what this game about because,1
mithuaku saj : its really having very beautiful sceneries,1
akshat jhawar : its almost like subway surfers and temple run if you are a fan of subway surfers install it if not don't install it,1
a google user : great game has some difficult areas on the mountain but good for beginners.,1
eight november : i rate it 5 star even before playing from reading the reviews i am soo psyched to play the game...,1
james bowman : it looks like they removed the awful ad on game start and after wiping out. changing review from 1 -> 5! beautiful game,1
mansoor ahmad : the best game i ever played. best relaxing game,1
pass,1
armando_. 4/ 17 / 26 : add new bioms and have first person ,1
shubham bhargava : the music is so relaxing just can't stop playing,1
adelina ordanes : great time killer and the thought put on into the graphics is ah-mazing,1
mcgod1217 :p : the game before the desert the frozen tundra this games just gives me icy,1
chills i love it that much!,1
a google user : ok not good not bad but i was thinking that it should be more interesting,0
by adding some more interest,1
nilabh goyal : the all 5 star i gave for the music of game.. best game music and game sound.. very relaxing game sound.. i ever palys and try to do continue for the music,1
ashvin m : seems there's a problem with tapping to jump and perform tricks on my s6 edge,1
liam panlilio : this game is fun and amusing to see alto go after his lamas,1
andrew kweik : the most amazing game ive played on mobile to date. addictive is an understatement!,1
a google user : as common as my tablet is they should support it,0
tony markovich : ads play out loud even when music and sound were turned off,0
loukit khemka : cannot clear the tutorial.. i have played many games,1
valid plug : this game is good if you're bored and great music,1
maleli taukei : its a addicting game it releases your stress,1
sidney sinanan : maybe could you add a mode wear you can go against freinds on wifi to see,1
who can go the further,1
thufail n k : i liked this game very very much. it's awesome with it's stunning graphics and enhancing gaming. i am expecting more from you like this.,1
pankaj : ohh...one of the best android games i've ever played. once you start playing this,1
wael talkhan : i did not play yet and i rated it hope it will be fun,1
raul ocampo : whenever you are bored this game will fo the trick,1
nour dakroub : beautiful game ,1
s3rp4nts : it's cool and doesn't need much space,1
elliott housley : i love the charectars they are so cute! and the flips are so much fun!!,1
arvinder singh : great graphics n gd looking game ever n keep it up designers and come up with more and more games like it,1
jonathan s : hate it it had to much lag i hate this game worst game ever,1
henry greenstone : i think it's amazing how this game managed to have extremely simple graphics and still beautiful ones though.,1
a google user : it is a wonderful game after start playing my life changes,1
dakshina murthy siddalingaiah : i like the game i would rate it 4 out of 5 and i like when the guy chases,1
you the guy on a horse or deer,1
syed tahir ali : i first time download this game this game have good voice and second time,1
game have not good voice,1
tulasiramarao notla : its totally awesme game.. and my 1st game that i didnt kept in silent.. graphics and sound are awmse,1
animesh mishra : i am giving full rating for the art of this game really eye catchy content.,1
kudos...,1
thejungle king03 : great game,1
corey hughes : the design and texture is so beautiful. plus,1
robby yudha phasa : the reason i stop playing this game is because my phone got run over by car,1
ahnaf tajwar : nothing less than 5 stars. beautiful music and charming graphics. zen mode just adds to the pleasure.,1
amber lawrence : doesn't load at all. stays on a black screen,0
king ace : the game is fun not the best i ever played,1
rick from rick and morty man : very relaxing it has beautiful sights and smooth music.i recommend finding a sound track.im so happy i found this game,1
georgios tritas : great stuff,1
dizzy miss fuckin jon : i love this game and i love playing it,1
anish rises : it is addictive,1
andrew : complete crap. i think it used my contacts to advertise itself.,1
a google user : i think that the game is interesting. and i will have so much of love for,1
the game. i also like the trailer and the pictures.,1
subhradip pal : would take you to alto's world... thanks noodlecake for this amazing experience.,1
madden 2316 : this game is so peaceful. ive played this before and im glad they added zen mode.,1
a google user : totally awesome i completed all levels it's awesome for refresh your,1
frustration.,1
crazy hippo : can't make the chasm jumps and i tap the screen but nothing happens. fix.,0
a google user : latest version badly broken. models don't load. can't see what i'm doing. sad,0
kristopher mts baker : pretty quick money grab. so so game. meh,1
karim lababidi : this game is really fun. i think more things should be added to for more fun,1
rochelle kimotho : it is the best game ever just add more things to do,1
mashhoor mashh : game like all runnuing games but having attractive scenary walpapersssssss...,1
linda davis : it would have been fun if it helped me get 2the next snowbank instead of allowing me 2crash all the time! and when i wanted 2quit it wouldn't close! so i uninstalled it!,1
nathan manson : it calms my stress and i am pretty good,1
anindya brata choudhury : though gets stuck every time i quit the app,1
blaze toothless : i don't like the google play version of this game because it has ads and in app purchases the amazon app store version doesn't have ads or in app purchases,0
online user : game is too good,1
abram bailey : they took a great concept and killed it with microtransactions.,1
boomer kaboomer : this game is amazing its really easy to get the hang of and has beautiful music i rate this game 10/10,1
mckayla rose j : a great time waster and every iny house loves it,1
steven ahl noay : i used to play this game before,1
o.m boss : this look like amazing but so angry and m3fna,1
jun xiang sim : this is the game i wanted,1
stress,1
james benny : wonderful background music and scenery! this game doesn't bore you at all! best game to pass your time,1
luirnki : it's really addicting and the music is truly relaxing and the gameplay is,1
smooth keep up the good work :),1
sad song : i love pal he/she breaks the rock lol,1
khoa pham : it would be more addicting if you provide more stuffs or characters because i bought and upgraded everything whatever,1
kage kaizaa : so peaceful i love it,1
themannyzaur : came here because i have invested 70+ hours into and it still amazes me,1
mark walberg : sounds grate going to play it right now and thanks fo no ads and for have great reviws,1
halder shoarn : try to add more lights on dark night cause its hard to detect all things on road,1
a google user : screen light is turning off,0
sgt joshua field : i hope in the next update they make different types of snowboards.,1
brylle kho : when im bored i will play this game with a very comforting music,1
ashad hussain : it is beautiful and has fun challenges and you can unlock characters like a,1
llama and a elder who chases you in the game,1
mukesh singh : i just love it... it will give u a calm experience u never had before,1
will pyle : very peaceful and calm,1
iilaughs97ii : the game just keeps crashing pls fix this i open it and it immediately crashes,0
yash kawle : amazing graphics superb#i was just searching a game like that and i had found it#,1
poonam snehi : preety cool! can't get bored with this play and rate,1
akpatil patil : i have not played it till now but iam downloading his game thining it is good game keep it up,1
vishal jangid : i would like to know in which engine you have developed this game. thanks,1
tirtha nag : the zen mode is the best feature of this game...it makes you relax.....and the sound makes your mind calm and steady,1
jerly louis : this one is perfect. the music is awesome and i feel like it is my own journey while maneuvering alto .,1
mochi : it's honestly a masterpiece. i highly recommend this game if you love endless runners.,1
hemant kirar : the most amazing sound experience,1
whisper wishper sound really good...best game ever i have played.,1
veronica burke : great game. would love if there was an option to pay to remove ads entirely.,1
linneth l. : this a fun game for people of all ages,1
wenzel arjunan : i love the music the most awesome game can't wait for more like it. go alto,1
amitdyuti : graphics are too good. only felt that it is somewhat similar to temple run. but it has it's own charm. loved the game.,1
phillip rossignolo : its calm and slightly addictive and always has new challenges and goals,1
alexander rodriguez : game didnt work on my phone lg optimus f6,1
gerardo kantle : it's good for a mobile game. repetitive gameplay,1
barnith das : very beatifully designed game. after an exhaustive day all i need r my headphones and this game to play.,1
ahmad ghazali : this is an amazing game. i love every bit of this game. i stunned once again with this amazing game,1
mackenzie : i love the music and the simplicity of the game. it's very peaceful and has a cuteness to it! :^),1
philip moss : i love this game,1
lamnganba rajkumar : i have not played yet but i am going to enjoy,1
mariam elias : it was stupid,1
arnab ghosh : i got some problems and the first chapter is not increasing,1
david lazcano : it suck it is also boring n needs to fix the bugs,0
kaia gharehchelo : find it funny one of their played games has worse graphics,1
sanjaya krishna j : but a small doubt how do you catch llamas while skiing,1
devendra pednekar : the touch doesnt work after the tutorial is ended once,0
jeremy ouano : fun to play,1
getlive ramon : you will be amazed by its amazing graphics and gameplay,1
gahan k b : pretty good game to play when one is bored studying and during free time,1
jifthepeanut ilikejif : i got real mad at the game once and i punched and broke my tablet screen,1
the tap and the jump where delayed,1
sarim raza : this is the best game ever,1
a google user : well i like it btw its fun and its going faster too and pls there is,1
multiplayer for freind and help out pls ;),1
minjune seo : annoying how u cant see the rocks clearly.,1
ram sandeepnaidu : woow what a game i never seen at any where iam not installed because it is not installing this game ok its better game,1
swalih 001 : i like it. because you guys have nice background music ,1
alwin joseph : just played it. loved it. i would recommend to everyone. who cares about ads. it's fun as heck. only one thing. add powerups,1
surbhi kohli : this game is really amazing and good.......jumping and collecting coins is fun but i hate ads coming plz remove ads,1
deepu shibu : awesome game to bust your stress and have some kickass back flipping time.,1
sourav chakraborty : man i like the visual... thanks to the designer or the team.. and also the the sound effects.. it feels like working with adobe illustrator..,1
its ya boi676 : quick tip turn on airplane mode to stop ads from playing so you don't have to purchase ad blocker,0
coolpro : omg this is so good we need more games like these,1
srinivas mulpuri : nothing new but games got some good visuals,1
anna ferenc : best game i've played in a long time. i have already redownloaded it and played it again.,1
patrick mckeen : this game is very nice and relaxing. it's simple to play,1
lolabraham 1 : outstanding. this game has great music and graphics. i downloaded it because i saw gamingwithmolt play it,1
kristine ramos : amazing graphics and music. very relaxing too especially the zen mode. keep up the good work,1
alexandra hughes : this game has the right amount of aesthetically pleasing and almost like a platform game kinda? the music fits it very well and is very calming. love it through and through,0
intisar hamed : i've played this game before and it was soooo cool i liked it very much and the song made me cry,1
marc g : really loved this game. fun gameplay,1
bhanu dhiman : this game is one of the best games i have ever played! cool gameplay ,1
kapil deo yadav : its awsome ,1
shivani wadhwa : a great game good work by noodlecake. great graphics but still couldn't understand the elder thing.......,1
kapish sachdev : copy cat but good game,1
a google user : extremely addictive with an amazing art style that i never get bored of.,1
ive owned this game for about a year not and show no signs of uninstalling,1
dre strenge : the game downloads but it says invalid package file. i have plenty enough space,1
jinold george : awesome music and really enjoyable gameplay. somehow this game gives kinda nostalgia strange isn't it.,1
sara bergersen : i thought alto was a flying mouse from the icon picture,1
downloaded. great game.,1
abhi abhi : waste of balance waste of time waste of battery,1
mone peterson : just let me pay five bucks for a version that doesn't make me have to watch videos of games i'll never order. is that so hard?,1
swagat panda : just as i was enjoying it so much,1
xalanth : this isn't a game,1
aritra mondal : very very good game.,1
lardex man : it has an amazing art and good potential but the game play isn't all that,1
great,1
samuel huang : got to level 60 in the game. it was fun throughout. does not require,1
internet either.,1
kenziecat 13 : this game has some good graphics but awful gameplay,1
oscar coomber : this game made my head blow off at its quality and concept.,1
alida arabelle : i just love this game. it's so calm and serene. the music and background is awesome.,1
mehedi hossain : when i play this game i feel i'm surfing own. the music is just mindblowing. i think it is the best game i ever played...,1
nathan battle : this game is calming and the graphics are simple and pretty. it is,1
addicting and a nice time passing game without alot of action.,1
akshat apurva : this game has superb graphics. day-night feature is too awesome. just i love it.,1
mayank agarwal : its awesome game,1
mridula gouniyal : excellent graphics ,1
karay phillips : i'm willing download the game,1
lemon y : i actually need to play this game before going to sleep thank you devs. keep up the great work,1
a google user : beautiful design. great score. eagerly waiting for alto's odyssey on,1
android which from the looks of it is even better,1
dr. tanuja nautiyal : absolutely stunning graphics,1
erikas gatinas : live this game really addictive,1
kurt collier : another boring runner game in an over saturated market. uninstalled.,1
andy : it has a good story line,1
esther neradt : i wish it would let you gather speed better. i can't do the flip right,1
even when i go down a huge hill! how can this be?,1
ashwin : a great game to pass the time and the visuals are really pleasing to look at and has an sweet soundtrack as well.,1
smash boss vlogs : love it that's all i have to say cuz i'm speechless,1
tripti ganguly : the game is very good it almost works with my all phone graphics are great good game to be played but for a hardcore gamer this game is not good,1
will be : the entire experience is like eating a soft,1
martin charles : this is one of the few games which does fremium well. also,0
neyonne osoro : this is the worst game the creator should charged with stupidity,0
jermerious king : i was alto i would do the same things he did,1
polla fattah : the only game that i will play when i stressed out,1
julia zachwieja : i love this game i actually discoverd it in a phone shop and i loved i recomend it and you to give it 5 stars.,1
peter volkman : this is my favorite game. the artwork and the soundtrack in this game is unbelievable. it is the best i have ever seen,1
sahil bose : going to be the first thing that i want to get back from the team,1
tim junior : boring and dull all you do is snowboard down a hill,1
a google user : gud game but it will be boring after 1 month,0
captaink'nuckles : i do not love his graphics and it is booooooooooring,1
chennaiah : not a nice game no good graphics,1
keshav tibrewal : nothing to say its the best game ever playes by me,1
caleb mccallop : this game always gets me through bored times,1
om diwan : no words for this game best among spme of my games,1
artree gilmore : i hated it so much ull hate it too,1
cecilie schwerin : lack of levels and upgrades but overall a good game,1
alexander tordilla : but the longer you play the boring it gets,1
anusree anu : there is no way we can control its speed,1
chris attwood : crashes right after the initial splash screen,0
walter ratchford : vary repetitive not much fun,1
luke c : basically a rip off of ski safari but worse,1
thomas abraham : not good editors choice was bad enough to even choose,1
hellblazer : they look like minions without goggles and overalls,1
derrick mickasko : signed into to google play now the game just crashes,0
jensen mackley : great game. only trouble is it can glitch out on me.,1
l sankari : character changing opts;different animals and various countries should be added,1
perry jackson : i really love this game the graphics,1
mc joecyl bril : it's really cool,1
avijit mallick : most beautiful and soothing scenes and music...stress bursting game,1
ajith kumar : best game it has good graphics and easy controls. just tap to control and backflip,0
aasis rizal : i liked the simple one-touch layout which is pretty much impressive,1
debasish ghosh : i read all the reviews and then gave it 4 hope so it'll be a fine game,1
shivji mishra : the music and art are awesome.love the game cause it provides adventure and relaxes the mins,1
shehateskaikai : yjugt fghbfh guru uhh bankof a sudden i am not 50th anniversary 67tynvc of,1
dimatulac,1
ty king : happy i would be a zombie and still play this case it's so happy.,1
anish kotecha : the game is so soul soothing that it actually makes you smile from within. it makes me calm and i really like the feel and calmness while playing the game. put on the headphones,1
silviu georgian : overhyped. the gameplay is very basic and not interesting.,1
soyaboy damitawa : it relieves my stress and a good time killer,1
manraj 360 vidz : nice game best fraphics and moreover best game if us play offline .i love this game muaahlol,1
keenu baunthiyal : i want more games like this i. love it its cool b) the sound is soo relaxing :v just a quick suggestion at night time it's very hard to see :)!!,1
jesse kieser : i absolutely love this game i can't stop playingin,1
filip talpa : uninstalled for requesting way too many permissions,0
the revelations : it's so relaxing,1
ayushman anand : those places looks so real. this is a magic of great graphics. nice job guys,1
nishchay : the game has good graphics and the music is also calm.best way to relieve stress.very cool and calm game.the new zen mode is the best feature in this game.really pleasant........nice work.,1
jintu barman : the most beautiful game i have ever played.. the music is so soothing and the game play is just awesome. .,1
a google user : in brief the game is very nice. and such a soothing music i have never heard.,1
ruru : it's very great. i would recommend this game to others because its very easy.,1
mack zoeller : it's too hard to see at night,1
t vijay : best game . don't have words to say and the music is awesome.,1
a google user : i love the art style and peace in this game,1
remington ifill : amazing i never rate games but this game is so well made and not a pay to win game,1
muhammad khizr ansari : i think that this is a great game it has all the features and small details without having you to play it constantly you play it just to pass your time and with a relaxed mind (unlike other games that give you the headache to complete or upgrade to play or go further),0
dilip rajpurohit : it really awesome and lovely playing game pls add more features in this,1
game.love you team alto,1
mani balaji : one of the best games i have played,1
makans : i have never seen before like this coooooool,1
shaikh jaker : most adventure game ranking but this difficult time game,1
sarah desantos : fun game. its a good time waster and has a calming effect,1
brayson carr : haven't played it yet but i think its going to be a good game,1
shahed miah : beautiful graphics with wonderful colour palette and a good physics model. however flawed as continuety is ruined with the 'watch video' uninstalled after 3 games. pity.,0
heru setyono : you should add the power bar! give the player second chance to forward their journey,1
satin : an amazing art style but gameplay gets a bit repetitive,1
golzer hossain : absolute best android experience nothing to say,1
rajiv dadke : a great game with no irritating background music which allows you to keep,1
calm while playing.,1
zack joseph : it's perfect in almost every sense but avalanches should be added,1
banglish man : relaxing this game is really relaxing game.graphics,1
is really wonderful .skiving over the snow,1
awasome.,1
arvind ramteke : awesome the game is too good.i am satisfied. the game did not lack it so nice game in my mobile,1
blood gaming : this game i love but its a little bit lag,1
rishav gupta : playing out on my asus zenfone 2,1
a google user : simple gameplay and missions making it a very entertaining time consumer,1
buck king : the only thing you need to fix is the bord every thing else is amazing,0
dhiren thapa : good but after some time become boring in few days,0
felipe lube de braganca : the ads ruined the experience of the game. also lags!,0
asdeep kumar chhetri : a very simple game but very addictive. i love the challenges.. more challanging more addictive.....,1
chicken briyani : very good game there is no best game in the android this game sound is very relaxed in my life,1
addiction : i first saw it on an ipad after the store but when i looked for it on the play store it wasn't there. finally it's out. i've been waiting.,1
rishabh kutty : i like minimalistic games like these,1
abdul hayyan : i installed the game but it say package file invalid.,1
gaming rogue : i really like this game it's art style is beautiful and gameplay is fun,1
factory bazar : completed game till last after so long time,0
godfrey yeung : few months ago this game helped me get through the last months of school. really really beautiful,1
akash saha : i can play it all day long. played it when i going to somewhere ,1
cong minh le : should have a night/day on/off button,1
kim bowman : an amazing game love it i played it on a phone in at and t and now i'm installing it on my tablet.,1
xwe are one : this game is so relaxingand i can play it anytime i'm bored,1
a google user : its great game i played it before but now when i installed it from play store it says failed to intialize when i open it,1
greg harman : horrible waisted time playing to get wingsuit now it freezing after i got,1
the suit uninstalled,1
iam meheraj : it's damn beautiful.. addictive,1
word this game is fantastic,1
kenneth fernando : this game really helps me relax!! or maybe other to!,1
prateek singhal : this games is very addictive. great graphics,1
barishal birdes lovers. : what a game...first i thought that game is not good..but when i played the,1
game i was just impressed,1
a google user : awesom game but a lot of buuuuuuug whene i geet a magnet or ....,1
liew xianyang : totally loved it. simple controls,1
slide. the studio also makes some awesome games and i hope they programme,1
some more!!!,1
nakasone shuichi : it's a very addictive game if you get bored easily.nice time spending.really enjoying it!,1
a google user : the most and best relaxing game in the world .the different types of weather makes it even more attractive,1
stephen lucas : been waiting since the trailer came out,1
manav sheth : you know why i like this game because th way whih i play in such a manner that ahhhhh!!! i can'tell u,1
erwin iskandar : no need internet connections i am lovin it,1
rishith surya : this game is so good... wonder how many people dont know about this game,1
jimuel dimacale : good visual on a phone its fun and addicted !!!,1
antonia caitlin gondowardoyo : this game is a masterpiece . i love it. maybe adding some other modes,1
will make this game better ;),1
tatan : this game is so graceful i really really like the sounds and graphics hopefully you will make a more than this,1
yukthi c c : it's void game where we can know how and where and to which how much force and stunt we should use to 0ass our destination,1
bryce noe : one of my absolute fav mobile games. relaxing,1
a google user : the game is great but make it so we can complete goals after we completed the previous 3 goals in the same run so we don't have to lose then start again or make it when ever i complete a goal another one starts but i need to complete the other two to level up i hope that makes sense,0
lolly music : love it! but i hope the ads will not popup even if i not purchase for it...and please add some bug fixes because the music seems to be lag a bit..well,0
eddie maina : its awesome how the days and weather change,1
prasoon tandon : very very bad game it is pleas don't install this game !,1
roopesh dube : i liked this game a lot but a few things were irritating in the gameplay,1
clem butler jr : amazing game i just wish u can get on different maps,1
huc : i feel bad ios has to buy this game for $1.99,1
pranoy das : this game is addictive,1
li west : kept shutting down on me! didn't even save my progress. super frustrated!!,1
lee caglioti : this game is the definition of 'flow' ...in game-play,1
hirak 47 mukherjee : this game is a very soothing game with low but good grapics...wish u success,1
zee r : the amazing graphics and smooth and calming music makes it one hell of a game. loved it.,1
meagan bibo : this game is so relaxing and fun you just can't help but love it!,1
sarita chhetri : hey man i can install this cool game plz help dude,1
firebreathing fish : stunning graphics,1
swole pickle : very fun,1
5 stars,1
tandava krishna : game balancing is very poor . can't see anything in the night mode. ...... sometimes doesn't work.,0
a google user : so,1
izene : thanks so much for making the game it is a true work of art and great stress reliever,1
a google user : i enjoy this game very much. it has a relaxing atmosphere to it,1
a google user : lvd it to the square of infinity,1
malihan,1
debasish panda : but ti is not outstanding.,1
pranav pl : god game timepassing nic &cool graphics and the bgm its osm its relaxing when using it with headphoness,1
shahid malik : this game deserves more than 5 stars very well made and all the best to the team.,1
zaida allie : very addictive,1
jake paulers number #1 : i used to play this on my old phone,1
adela ainun : best game ever. i play it since middle school and got a nostalgic everytime i hear the sound,1
aadi bosatta : i downloaded it earlier and deleted it by mistake not gonna happen again,1
divya hari : amazing game ever seen it is tue world's first yame for relaxation in your life i have a request for you please make an option for changing the graphics properties in game it will be useful for many players like me,0
a google user : i hate the tutorial i now this game since 2015december this game sucks,1
drew clutter : this game is the best game i had ever played,1
parthiv mehta : it's a awesome game but some problem to start my game,1
shane : so fun and additive i can't stop playing lol!,1
jared long : this is a really fun game! it's really addicting and extremely relaxing. i am definitely downloading the alto's odyssey!,1
kxindra : the music is so calming it feels like i'm in my own world,1
a google user : got lost in amazing graphics,1
arif kayda : i like the day and night concept and the physics applied keep it up,1
techlito : for some reason this game is addictive... what a great coincidence! loved it!,1
mike medina : too dark and dull to see what is going on at speed.,1
navneet mishra : while playing feel like i am in the snow capped mountain,1
ga mer : iam sad but my net week but i download it suppper game,1
bob abednego : please fix it!! blank screen after loading on asus zenfone,0
kshitij srivastava : simple yet amazing game. it was a random download but i find it too addictive,1
yo loyo : its so emotionally connecting to me.. so relaxing... and i feel one with the game.. awesome music.. i jus wish they had other good music added.. cus in the long run. kinda becomes.. mediocre..but good game,1
nick adams : if you are thinking of downloading it just do it. it has a little adds after you die.,0
arjun sunitharaj : the best thing in this game is the music..just play the game while using,1
earphones and you will get a great experience.....,1
speed _02 : extremly *relaxing* ,1
zerciale i : i loved it!! the graphics the minimalistic design,1
brandie mundine : beautiful scenery and i like that it doesn't stop playing until you crash,1
qasim ahmed : i can just listen to the music... all day long.. and the game is so addictive.. don't let it take you from your daily duties,1
justin gaumont : i have a slow phone and it still runs super smooth i highly recommend getting it,1
sharanya garlapati : nice game loved it but kinda boring after playing for and hour or so,0
febin k dominic : great graphics and great gameplay. i love it. gives that christmas feeling. nailed it like a bosss!,1
madhukar gawai : i wanted to create a game like this .. looks like u got it earlier :) .. just joking,1
l d : havent even downloade yet but i just think its awesome lol,1
divya jyoti banerjee : the game satisfies the hunger for addiction.. loved it,1
amra buxhaku : this game is really cool! i love it! it's one of my favourite games! i have like 40 games and this is my favourite one! i hope you guys like that too!,1
a google user : by far the best phone game ever. calming,0
akil zafeer : not much to say only to play this game is a bit of edict but great game,1
job thadeus : boring.need something more . i mean more controls.its just tapping and,0
jumping,1
sam laskey : i love the concept but the night time setting makes it a bit hard to see stuff,1
a google user : downloaded game and tablet slowed down. suspect malware.,1
saiyasu15 : this is very fun theres challenges jumps and its cool,1
darshit vaidhya : i love the scenery,1
siva kumar : only some levels are very difficult to pass otherwise an awsome game....,1
james powell : i can not get over how good they are but needs more controls,0
a google user : its awesome little boring but when u bore u have a awesome timepass with it,0
vivyanne c : really liked it ..just bummed that the levels stop ..finished the game in like a week,1
uam : i don't now what to say (just because it's to amazing),1
marvelloussheep : first of all,1
daniel clover4 : the sound it is just very good this game is the best relaxing games of all it is also beautiful games. wonderful !!!,1
bharshi dhakal : love this game. addicted of it. awesomeness is everywhere,1
rightyshark : this game was my first ever game on phone. it's really awesome! beautiful graphics,1
oxy2oxi : its like really relaxing to me when im not in the mood i can just play this and like i just turn happy,0
harsh singh : we can't stop playing,1
ghanta lakshmi : i really like the game and the game concept is also a nice one. this is a good one to play,1
jonathan lopez : i start the app and automatically close by its self looks like a fun game,1
icechilee : this game is cool but we need some front flips or something also..,0
shruti singh : completed all 60 levels :) thanks,1
ashiq kk : its a wonder full and it has give nice grapics ,1
a google user : the game is relaxing .. the music is great .. the gameplay is kinda easy ,1
a google user : i just wanted to type something,0
adit apil : after hours of gameplay,1
ajul p : i really loved the pc version of the game and now the android version also.,1
really love the music in the game too,1
grad u. : i love how you have to try to catch lamas it's so adorible,1
danalya flowers : the i play it ever day when i come home from school,1
abu ikram : i cannot tell the difference between peace and this game,1
angel face : its really fun and you wanna level up just for the suprise of the next challange and upgrade. i love how chill it is and i love the artistic idea of it all. and i love the fact that there is an easy mode! like. dont wanna concentrate? have a kid playing? here you go! no worries! just try it. its great,1
jude kxng : have it on my ipad and it's sick,1
joel hernandes : good snowboard game they have a zen mode to relieve stress,1
sarah carswell : help me i am doing really good and then i just die and the scene it goes black,1
pranjal biswas : just ok,1
jermaine buen : i love the flips that you can do in this game and get money for it,1
donavin merriweather : good but add more things too do,1
a google user : nice game.. but not adictive... i just love the graphics...but game is not so much interesting make it more fun guys... thanks,1
talha bin awlad : i think game should get an award.this game is so wonderful and gorgeous.thanks noodlecake games studios to make this games,1
dino j : it looks nice,1
chethan manjunath : worlds best game we wont still more good games,1
khadijah ali,1
xavier c : doesn't really have much to it.,1
geeta chopra : doesn't needs internet connection,0
sam vaughan : the new update with the ads killed the game,1
otaku gamer ph : simple and very addictive game :) no other words... in one word amazing :) so install this ;),1
glamorous tre : i love this game it was very peaceful because of the music and you don't have to be aware,1
andrew i : fantastic game. fun calming and inventive. all i can say is please port the,1
sequel to android.,1
mrchiragjoshi : i have the screenshot where the no. of downloads is 1. game is good and interesting. grows in on you.,1
anas zakwan : you know what the best thing to do ia...multiplayer lan!!you know like offline multiplayer using wifi hotspot that we can see other player beside us and play together to double the coins,1
italy. 01 : i can't stop playing it,1
kaur rashmeet : i played this game and it's a best game ever i played love it and can't stop playing,1
fyre uk : very simple,1
hallie fanchier : i love this game i can't wait for altos oddsey to come out!,1
vellkax : i really want some steak right now :/,1
emmelie h : great time killer with great graphics and super relaxing music! i'd totally,1
recommend it,1
iskandar shahdan : great game.kinda makes me feel freedom and feels like im in the game..,1
avninder kaur : what is this game all about yo it's cool with boards put not fun,1
blxck flxwers : it's a very good game. i like it very much.the background picture is awesome. this is my favourite game ever!,1
jefin jafar : best game i ever played but sadly i can't play now,1
vivan upadhyay : loved to play this game in my free time. it relax me and give fun,1
sam : really one of the best apps made. great atmosphere,1
jenni taylor : badly needs a new update to fix the glitch where everything starts to break apart and turn invisible,0
angelina nelson streeter : i love it ! it's fun and in a way calming with the nice music in the game. i recommend this game. it's great for road trips !,1
ayman ahmed : before i install it i think it will not be good enough but when i install it was from my best games.,1
mitch newman : i was bad at first so i hated it but now its sooooo fun!!!,1
arwidyananda putri : it's a great game and very relaxing. great graphics,1
salam abdus : i've liked the way they dealt with the backgrounds.,0
a google user : excellent,1
lj karel : amazing gameplay,1
anant prakash ranjan : keep it up. you'll succeed.,1
brandon k : beautiful,1
see a second game of it come out,1
xxpapa 1020xx : it's beautiful in a way that you get interested in every aspect and graphics are so beautiful and the music is so peaceful in a way and i love it,1
mark vickers : awful now. laggy and just pauses randomly for no reason. shame.,1
khadar khadar : waste game not installing in past i never saw this type of game,1
clonex clipndip : it is so addictive and i can't stop playing it it is so fun.,1
nayan sat : that's bad cuz it's an interesting game,1
simon flood : this game is really well made and has amazing graphics that make it look so pretty,1
malek . : this game has real great graphics but it's not that much of an adventure game,1
osazeproductions : perfect in almost every way. i beat every mission and challenge and i'm,1
just waiting for the sequel to arrive,1
a google user : it is very good i hope that i have all the characters . i'm loving it so much !,1
a google user : the most beautiful and scenic android game ever.... endless journey... feels like life,1
eli chapman : very good game,1
when alto's odyssey is gonna come out?,1
shivam arora : worst game. waist of internet data . waist of time dont download this game,1
alec bennett : it's a simple and fun time waster with amazing sound and graphics.,1
lore holloway : so adicting i so surprised when i played the game,1
rhythm chatervedi : couldn't download this app. always getting an error.,1
sir ghostworth iv,1
shenandoah katchuk : this game is super relaxing. makes me want to go where he/she is. the music is amazing. i have never been so obsessed with a game like this before! amazing job creators!!,1
bandi naga rakesh : game is neat and has got good background music.. nice job .,1
rizwana banu khan : wow i can't believe so nice game i loved the game and best game ever,1
jakehh : nice 2.5d graphics,1
connor page : seems like a pretty decent game,1
a google user : thank you. good game for those w/ anxiety and adhd. i love it,1
k w : i loved this game! it's very relaxing and addictive,1
shanu pokkat : wooooowwww wat a game yaaa... i like it a lot . great work . wonderfull graphics . i never seen before this type of a game . love it like it . yep its a great advrnture . everything is perfect. plz make this type of more an more games ........,1
jabulani makhubalo : great game i love the stages they are just so great,1
a google user : i loved this game much.it's exciting.,1
jagannath mahanta : this game totally awesome,1
some other music in zen mode,1
a google user : relaxing because it is very fun not so boring because i like to ski snd do everything and loved itttt!!!!,0
ashhad bin asad : i can't stop playing,1
zach haeusel : i had this on my i phone and i couldn't wait for it to come out on android as well.,0
lucia alcaraz : its really good because when i am waiting for something i play this game....,1
janelle rosette austria : beautiful graphics. the zen mode is a nice addition,1
patricktricks : this game has amazing art and game play and i recommend people to install it!,1
jielmar ortiz : i love this game because it thrills you every moves you make using different characters which challenge you every game and every tricks you played..,1
jenny brooks : really lovely game,1
hyper entertainment : the game is amazingly beautiful and its super good. hardly any to no lag,1
and its such a simple game,1
brennan battle : the graphics were the bomb,1
posey stoeffler : very relaxing and addicting to play,1
larry green : beautiful game with wonderful controls. this is a classic infinite runner,1
game brought up to the design standards of today.,1
appiah benjamin : best game ever i really like the storms sound when it rains,1
denis dhamo : i was waiting for this game long time finally is here i can't wait to play it.,1
jennifer cargill : this game reminds me of the people who created flower and journey on the ps.,1
rik s : so easy to pick up.. so hard to put down! lovely graphics and sound fx. so relaxing.,1
ela leah antigua : i have alto on my mum's tablet but it's not working on my s4 phone. any recommended fixes,0
lemon coy : this game is so pretty! careful details! day and night cycles! and soothing and calm gameplay!,1
rasagy sharma : beautiful artwork that transitions from day to night,1
mark ianne nunez : joking. have not played it yet,1
cesar martinez : the background and setting is amazing and so pretty,1
maddie : beautiful backgrounds and settings. best sunsets,1
damian navarro : overall good game,1
adrian gaeta : an awesome game with great graphics and great game play. im already addicted to this game.,1
autumn tharp : absolutely amazing :) it's so much fun and so addicting. and the scenery looks so detailed. truly a work of art,1
a google user : the trailer looked great i haven't yet tried the game,1
a google user : i loved this game it was soo good. i have recommended to all my friends.,1
haris saad : loved everything about it! especially the calm and soothing music :-d,1
punished captain frog : one of the most relaxing and beautiful games i've played on ios/android,1
shehryaar mh : i thought this might be addicting but it's a great game by the way.,1
christine : the art is excellent but game play is boring and disappointing,1
a google user : i liked this game.here is more adventure then the clash royal game,1
suryakant patel : this is best game to play on your android if you like simple games..,1
kaibob007 kaibob : it's just relaxing and fun to play and a time killer!,1
a google user : this game is addictive and we need correct concentration for the joystick loved it,1
isoken edogun : i am particularly in love with the background sounds.. . so soothing. really great game,1
a google user : i love this game it has next to no ads pls make a 2nd one it is simple but fun,1
satwik n madhav : the game is just awesome but there is a issue... sometimes the hover,1
feather doesn't activates... please fix this bug..,0
david scott : great game to play when you're bored. such a nice peaceful game,1
kashaf ghafoor : its amazingly addictive! i'm quite a choosy person in the matter of games but this one is amazing! 5 stars!,1
aeyam eye : couldn't wait after watching the trailer,1
pkmn trainer ani : the art made me love it and it's a cute game with a great atmosphere :3,1
clay richardson : so glad this is now on android! been playing it on my ipad for awhile and love it! great time killer!,1
joshua ramoti : but please add more tricks and some item like boards etc. great!,1
amit theng : lovely graphics .. i love it . but not so intresting.. only graphics are lovely,1
a google user : nice game. play when i am bored,1
huma ahmed : nice game but ,1
kunal bhatia : bakwaas hai ye game but bahut achhi hai loved it hate it,1
prince wakaoo maxx : loved it too much.. much more than expectation,1
theojadelyn martin : extremely addicting! i love this game,1
owen : i opened the game and it froze on the starry seen,1
a google user : great graphics,1
a google user : haven't played it on this phone but i'm sure it will be awsome,1
prathap.s prathap.s : fun to play and time killer not so addictive ..... but yeaa very funny game,1
louisclyde bilwag : good game i love it even you always fall or landing failed it gets you more,1
fun,1
byron flores : the music is awesome but i think it needs a checkpoint cuz it's kind of boring start again but btw is really cool,1
vedaprakash rajan : its a good game but i have played the next version and the 2nd version is,1
very good than the old one,1
joshua phillander : hearing from my friend that i should install this game ....thinking its pretty good,1
chals kanob : this is stress-relieving,1
chris jones : i haven't played it but all the reviews look awesome. anyone know why it won't download? i really want to play this. anyway thanks for your time.,1
amy reyes : i thought altos adventures was a joy to play and its and i become relaxed when i listen to the music.,1
sis jackson : the anamation is so good and the fact that your scarf gets longer is si cool!!!,1
aryan arora : absolutely outstanding gameplay,1
layla jantzen : i think its a fun game but it has some downfalls.,1
wolfbrigade81 : this game is just so relaxing and fun to pass time with. i really loved it!,1
kakashii hatake : plzzz add more season... and more scenaries...like river... waterfalls... etc..plzz add.... no doubt this game is literally awsm..bt if these things r there i'd gv it 5*,1
02_rounak bhowmik : a pleasant setting with a mesmerizing music. loved it! nice gameplay and graphics.,1
adeeb ahmed : a unidirectional/single set game... it was fun at the beginning but after some time it just becomes so boring...,0
deshuan abron : soper good game you can love hi five;-),1
yoga cat studios : could use multiplayer,1
imanuel dipta eliano : i always got blank screen after the title,0
aisha soria : i had this game on a firestick and it so cool and relaxing,1
job,1
nawaf sayed : after the sub's game stucks blank screen and background music,1
kenny : the music from this game makes my mind calm,1
navodaya kerala : i love this game. it is the most superb game that i had ever played. really,1
awesome,1
brandon moss : it is fun but the setting gets old. it dies away,1
francis bringas : you only get ads 50% of the time. removed it.,1
a google user : guy's it's great omg! this app can't be replaced by any other app!!!no matter howmanny temple runners and surfers come,1
a google user : its good game more than clash of clans. reuben haha,1
a google user : love the music,1
vence fe dela pena : i love this game it is time killer. i always play this since i downloaded the game. keep up developers.,1
omar kalfa : want more tracks and weather very good but not enough to make change,1
ms. jy savage : i think its ok just doesn't work sometimes,0
radelp bhoy : this is what i faild i can you try this is boring can you bored!,1
ericka : the mountains r a little pointy but it's ok,1
sushil sapkota : everything about this game is so beautiful. the graphics and the gameplay especially. it is smooth and runs in each of my devices with no lags. i'd encourage you to download this. 5 stars!!!,1
aquib khan : good game,1
team mojang - mcpe : the game is good and everything it does but there is a few issues with it when i'm playing in the game the framerate drops down and it slows the video game and that causes me to hit obstacles or fail to make jumps if he could fix that small issue it will probably be a little bit better besides that the games really good,1
anson bison : watch a movie watch a movie every time that's frigging ridiculous,1
sergei patlai : game crashes on dell venue 7. please,1
amori : awesome gameplay best game to just play for fun if bored.,1
forsaleontinder : really fun,1
russell palmiter : has lots of ads,1
mouldycontroller : great game all round,1
vikaelan chetty : very good. never played it yet but very good,1
locco 777 : don't get me wrong. it's a fun game to play but why game with simple graphics like this drains my battery so fast?,1
xero sparks : the aesthetic is unique and beautifully colorful. i will come back to this game eventually.,1
rahul relhan : i liked it and thanx noodlecake studios for making such a nice game,1
rusken luis : loved it...its a little difficult but loads of fun with good music,1
natalie i : i can't even jump so please fix,1
brandon kuang : it is so awesome i had never seen a game this fun i am downloading it hope i like it,1
sammi's vlogs : it's works great for me because it doesn't need wifi,0
king ty : great game play. best sky box ever!,1
yusuf perdana : the music is relaxing. you wouldn't mad if you lose. just simple and,1
beautiful.,1
vaibhav rob : this game was very interesting and i am love this game and game ringtone,1
was very romantic and i am enjoy i am wait when come secound part of this,1
game,1
jinky dbailon : wow this game is awesome but it so hard to see the rock when night,1
cameron eckert : absolutely amazing gameplay. great mechanics and all around great fun game.,1
elegant : excellent graphics its just so beautiful and is absolutely fun to play with! :),1
ramkumar priyadarshi : the graphics are really beautiful... the music is soothing and relaxing and the cutest sceneries ever... just loved the game in every way...,1
justin philpott : really fun and i appreciate the detail and effort out into it. beautiful.,1
abanteeka hoare : it's awesome....i love the graphics too! the idea is good..great game. i love the concept how the day changes from dawn to night.,1
jody lehr : lilli laugh yet what crass lift get g de had ugh hugh use church free successful diving ducts sheds fight fun .,1
marcin czerenko : i habe lost all my progress. shame x2,1
viphop crampton : this game is so good the graphics are amazing the concept is great hope you can make the game even more better,1
nathan guarte : i was playing this game on my ipad,1
tyron davidson : this game is really good for when you just want a break from reality,1
a google user : i have nothing to say,1
daksh desai : best game ever played! i mean every player gets satisfied.,1
human. : cant put my phone down!,1
haider ali : no doubt it is a great game! i play it when i need to relax! it has wonderful graphics and music!,1
ace marksman : this is a really hood game with great graphics and will help pass time! try it out!,1
ml herman : i think it has good graphic and controls kinda bad but altho pretty good,0
rimel : i playing odyssey and it's as much of a masterpiece as this but i miss the llamas and the snow haha,1
a google user : it's so much fun and easy to control,1
ck : it's a great game but it doesn't get my full vote,1
ryan brennan : i love the art style of this game. it truly is mesmerizing. over all a great game.,1
tdm xross : i loved this game cauz of the graphics and smooth gameplay. keep making games like this.,1
anthony moir : not one of the best but it's still ok,1
a google user : i totally love this game! i play it all the time! it is very enjoyable!,1
a google user : i would download it but it's not as good as subway surfers,0
insane black rock shooter : it too easy to mistake rock as background and boom. game over,1
a google user : i love this game it is really fun to play when thing is boring i love it,1
arun sarkar : nice view,1
michael simpson : very peaceful and calm art style. it's beautiful,1
cloax : i open it and it always unexpectedly quits,1
krzysztof bugaj : i think it's one of the beast looking games in play store,1
alfredo melgoza : that it is a sick game make one of a kid doing parkour,1
a google user : awsome view and no adds drive smoothly and i lv this game,1
- jolly : it's the best android game to chill out and play! can you make another game like this with the same peacefulness and all?,1
seth lindblom : fun,1
leveling and how smooth everything runs.,1
lola lewis : its fun but after a while it gets boring,1
naresh rathor : i love i have to be a good day at work and i don't know what i want to be a,1
good day at work and i don't know what i was just thinking about it and it,1
was good to,1
plir : this game should be in the oscar awards,1
a google user : i like how the sanders wolf and the song is so good keep it up! ^-^,1
juan cardenas : it keeps shutting down on its own,1
wendy magee : love it! it's quote addictive to be honest,1
eimbiox : this game is awesome for chilling or when you don't have anything to do love it,1
a google user : i shouldn't have installed the game,1
wh0car35 : needs...something. not really sure what,1
pushpa dande : this game is amazing very cool and addicted this game is really so awesome i love it very much,1
a google user : good and interesting game but it may more difficult. love it,1
marshall mthombeni : i had fun play this game,1
sameer ahmed : game is good but quite boring,1
thetrue demigod : it's soothing,1
a google user : i played this game all the time! it is a fun snowboarding game.,1
suresh kumar : wonderful game. i think it is the best game. the change of weather is,1
amazing. thank u noodlecake games,1
omkar vines : superb and better in travelling while you are bore . just make more interesting game,1
a google user : awesome gameplay,1
a google user : for me it was a timely distraction that soon turned into a lovable time pass...... thank you for the great experience!,1
jasper crabb : well made and extremely fun. its my favourite game,1
dan perkins : not sure what the fuss is about. lovely graphics but the gameplay is tedious,1
avishree roy : literally the best android game. it's has great graphics an relaxing beautiful music.,1
ruben booben : i played dis game on an apple phone and wished it came out for android... and it finally did!!!! yessssss,1
arra dancel : my brother use to play this game i would love to try this one. hihihihi,1
simran kaur : one and only game so far which i dobnot get bored of,1
oneway k : i though that it was one of the most challenging game i've ever played and,1
i just love a good challenge.,1
travis coble : am i the only person that funds games like this incredibly repetitive and pointless?.. no storyline,1
wei huang : crashes on the loading screen everytime.,0
zach : it is used when i am bored good game,1
a google user : i think it's fun to play the game when your bored because it's intertaining,1
peyton drynan : i love this game because it's fun and entertaining!! it is really a job well done. i love catching the llamas,1
taee been up : this is a very relaxing game when you are mad just playing this game for 2 minutes n your whole mood will change edit review : still is a very good and calming game,0
kichan naruto : lol amazing game it can be very relaxing during stress time and very beautiful enviornmental game,1
julio de los santos : definitely worth your time,1
a google user : one of the best game i've ever played on mobile!,1
sujal abhani : best graphics,1
gamer lyf : this game is one of my 2nd favorite and i like the graphics,1
ellafaith kataria : one of the best games i've played and would definitely download again when i get a new phone!,1
sweety ml : im very glad with alto....he adventuring and surviving....make sure you update the version ok!!!!!,1
clarence laderas : need a multi-player pls but! i love it keep up the goodwork,1
exotic gaming : get this game right now! if u don't i will.... just get this game!!!,1
srikanth kumar : kesari super camp i like this very much and it is super all play the styling i very like this please you also download and enjoy play this game you will definitely enjoy a lot ok the game plays very good and also the asha parekh are also is very very very super please you also download and enjoy this the graphics is so wonderful really it's beautiful automatic see me calling kar uska please download this and enjoy a lot ok download this enjoy full ok thank you for giving this opportunity for me that's all it was ok that's signing off sick and srikanth stylish star facebook id shrikant khiladi baccha please follow me on facebook all make new videos and super photos ntr their profile pic inside me see follow me like my photos and videos to be excellent wonderful ok thank you a lot very beautiful can superman song download all people and enjoy this,1
c.s.b spazz : every one said it was good so i hope that this is true ani am downloading it now.,1
roshan panda : i don't like it,1
honza k. : annoying unskippable tutorial/hints - never again,1
nixon danno : it's an awesome game. no other way to describe it.,1
timkang bertjason : i love the graphics of this game also the weather change. keep it up!,1
max the ninja bunny : the in game music is awsome i usually never listen to in game music but this is so nice and calming,1
jahman borneo : get boring quickly.,1
anandhi venkatesh : loved it! a really good game by noodle cake studios,1
capitalggs : good graphics and really fun to play. i play it every day!,1
daehyun song : this is a beautiful game! and the gameplay is also really smooth and satisfying.,1
trrg show : yo dis wing suit is awsome download this game you wont regret it!!,1
grigoris : i love the llamas. also really great game,1
a google user : not bad not so good but loved it simple fantastic easy complicated and fun,1
childish_sambino : i think this game deserves a medal,1
rebecca hayes : i love this game if you don't have this game the get it now! but challenging!,1
josh tibbetts : i have logged 30 hours and this game is still entertaining. great app!,1
saad khan : i don't know how this game is but as the players r reviewing it i think its gonna be fun,1
m piguing : finally,1
a google user : a type of lonely and quiet game having best performance in earphone,1
jade_stone : i think this game is absolutely beautiful. i love the story and the little llamas!,1
a google user : well haven't played it but the comments make me want to,1
rania atrouche : it's awesome!! it always makes me relax. thank you so much for making this game,1
a google user : i want to download this game but i cant get to 1mb it keeps saying downloading but its not,0
indu kejriwal : hey game lovers you are stupids,1
nia malone : when i played this game for the first time it was very fun and addicting....now it still is and i'm still addicted!,1
anuj bhati : plz don't waste ur 40mb on this boring game,1
darin heydenrych : i get that you guys are concerned about piracy,1
kausik das : i like this game so much,1
anupama sau : one the most beautiful games ive ever seen. good job noodlecake studios !,1
alridge rodrigues : this is one of the best looking games out there for android.,1
sunuy gamers : i really love this game,1
satisfiyed..,1
jennifer lam : enjoyable,1
debidutta mohanty : its an awesome game which helps you relax after a stressful day,1
aaron willy : best games ever playing this feels so good that i cannot even explain it best tune too after playing this i feel fully relaxed. thanks for making such a good game i appreciate your good work guys,1
shane grant : black screen past initial load screen.,0
bvr cavalera : absolutely love this! reminds me of stuff from my amiga but better.,1
noah clever : i wish i played it cuz i can't install it i had a error d;,1
nathan villagracia : the game is so fun to play,1
nick g : love the music and the fast pace,1
markkenneth kinfia : can u add more animation like monkeys in the trees ..,1
nooblet : its the true meaning of fun.great graphics.good game to pass time,1
kushang rana : i paly this game since 2006. i love this game.thaks for creaters because,1
made this game.,1
mark joshua maningo : best i've played best graphics smooth transition whatever it's called it's amazing,1
a google user : with an update some new permissions want to know my browsing history and bookmarks? no thanks. uninstall.,1
leila vogrig : i love this game,1
xenon rider : go to hell with your free to play only model,1
a google user : hi there is anything else that we can be played,1
justin chirwa : once downloaded its failing to install,1
dakota mcdaniel : just stupid with not much of anything special,1
gamingwith tray : it passes time and its just to play when it bored,1
lambang wijaya : the ones who hates this game is a hater,1
timothy wright : i played it and all it did was move by itself,1
top 5 : android is not best to play,1
akhil patnala : waiting from a long time as soon it relesed to ios,1
dhoni gowri : this not only game it is different from other graphics,1
kool biscuit : this game made me get kidnapped irl,1
km24 fit : it doesnt install once i downloaded it,1
a google user : the whole internet is lobing this game when it was made in 2016,0
sumaiyya banu : this is worst game i have played ever,1
oliver villalobos : i was bummed that i couldnt play but it is really cool,1
choglodyt e : in the zen mode the music really spoke to me,1
dylan richardson : very addictive,1
spartan wolf : awsome game love it so much and its so relaxing and the music is just,1
great,1
d b : the scenery is beautiful! and the music,1
a google user : the most best graphics i have ever seen!,1
neil braun : but boy oh boy am i ever bad at this!,1
alonzo : one of the best indie games i've played. although,1
xbe : it's really fun to play! i play it all the time,1
jayalakshmi tumbe : a beautiful game! thanks for this beautiful creation. expecting more beautiful games from you.,1
joshua boyles : totally awesome! really chill game that i can play for hours.,1
joe_ mama : its very calming with the music very nice with some good vibe feeling going,1
on keep it up great game!,1
a google user : it is my best game but i can't download it.,1
ashish bhise : alto's adventure is a super duper game i loved it.,1
caiden anderson : this is super addicting and is is still not as good as clash of clans,1
vartul dubey : what the hell! i loved this game prety good graphics,1
sanjay chaudhry : really the best game i was thinking that it is a bad game but when i played it it was veryyyyyyyyyy.....................good i am so lucky that i have downloaded it,1
rajib hazarika : i liked this game very much . it is very relaxing. this is my favourite game. every must download it.,1
makich simonyan : i love this game so much. i am waiting everyday for the new game alto's,1
odyssey.,1
treacy adamo : this game is decent bjtit can be better if its easier to land flips,1
rqnf69 gaming : the gratics suck and it's no even fun,1
joel thomas : this is one of the most soothing,1
nalin mishra : it was an absolute pleasure to have played this game! beautiful interface.,1
angelina orona : super fun this is a great boredom buster,1
vivek mandal : marvellous! really impressed me a lot. as in india we say,1
mohd khairol hafizi : just d0wnload and h0pe it'll be great 0n my samsung tab 10.1,1
salty uit : i enjoyed this game,1
dhananjay ray : i like alto's adventure,1
a google user : it is good but when are you guys release alto's odyssey. pls release the,0
alto's odyssey in this week.,1
a google user : great tried it at metro bcs bc they have i phones w games,0
gidz cross : hoping to get free version for my ios too.,1
olivia collings : absolutley fabulous! i loved the artwork and the graphics. would definitely recommend.,1
anjana prakash : awesome game.. a game that is not the regular types.. an enjoyable way to love the mountain and skiing,1
gamma : i love it it's such a challenge and never gets old :3,1
lexo chewie : i love the graphics,1
ben johnson : i've been waiting for it to come to android for so long now!,0
kaija sorensen : this game is relaxing and amazingly beautiful. addicting too! loved it!,1
fernando de santiago : i loved it i like how zen mode requires headphones or recommends but that graphics are beautiful and it's so peacefu,1
sri dhamodharan : so addicted and great game with great graphics good job noodlecake studios,1
jacob fann : easily one of the greatest mobile games ever created great for 4/20,1
friendly people,1
angel lima morales : it was one of the best games i've seen and has really smooth graphics,1
a google user : pretty good game. but the characters could use a few more snowboarding tricks though,1
usman ellahi : the best game i have ever played. so soothing and enjoyable especially the,1
zen mode,1
spark : wouldn't let me jump around midlle of playing 48 times etc games is ok,1
jojothebro porras : the game is flat out amazing thank god for this badass game,1
cj hong : need fix! and if you fix,0
dylan lagroma : one you play it...you cant stop enjoying it,1
hailey weitzel : i love this game! the graphics are beutiful,1
raja anubhav : this game is fantastically well. i love this game because of the graphics. sounds great to hear. this is a blaster.,1
lynne : the graphics were great,1
ashwin kg : not a good graphics and need to jump jump and only jump,1
santosh kumar : graphics are so smooth,1
chinmay choudhury : super game. nice background and perfect gameplay with the best music. totally loved it.,1
catherine sutton : i love this game it makes me feel like a bad ass and it also makes me feel like a ninja,1
sam cagle : it's amazing!!! just one problem it,1
itzamary morales : this game makes me relaxing and is easy to play. the characters are very good,1
giacomo : i've had lots of fun playing this game on my ipad,1
the epic : it's amazing. i the graphics incredible. the best graphics for a mobile app,1
a google user : this is a perfect game .the first time i played i loved the game its so peaceful and it just is a perfect game perfect game perfect game perfect game!,1
splxt : clash of clash is a little bit better,1
koelparkerplayz woldm_koel_yt123 : bah blah blah not that good but very3 good,1
joan swing : it was really good great timee killer it has great graphics wish they can add more features for the future,1
rj hill : i can't stop playing it,1
simon jude : great game,1
adrien lehman : its really fun i play it when i don't have wi-fi,1
s : this is how apps should be. fun is not sacrificed for monetization.,1
a google user : its an amazing game with great graphics and controls. good music,1
lee bee : love the scenery and the overall gameplay. its a lovely game to play before bedtime,1
adi eusebio : it's just like super mario or that dinosaur on google when offline. but,0
with better graphics.,1
autumn marie : i couldn't get past the first chasm.,1
jsik : it may be a copy of ski safari,1
marakkar ponnenkattil : i love it so much. because it is b.good game,1
a google user : when i downloaded,1
gexthebext : one question... why is this game not five stars instead of 4.5 stars,1
angela aspen : what a fmgreat and addictive game. i give it a full five stars!,1
cris salgado : tricky nice but the most is that alto wen it lands well the game is nice,1
mauricio rodriguez : i really enjoy playing this game different challenges not impossible to achieve very intertaining,1
anthony mambuca : this game is just the best. i hope they stay the best!,1
rizz : it seems fun,1
random : very fun and exiting!and sometimes addictive.,1
sai durga anjani kumar : i seen this game in my friend's mobile and downloaded it immediately..,1
cujo : i really liked the game,1
ennard the clown : i love how soothing the music and graphics are. the game controls are great,1
sanketh shetty : delightful game. love the simple game play. good choice in background music. animation is cute and minimalist.,1
neko kitty cat anime is life : i love this game nedds more levels and modes lik other worlds you know.,1
vizulizer kristoffer : in-game purchases ruin the game,1
sonic57 otero : simply the best calm minded game in the app store! good job on the game.,1
tech and stuff : it's amazing apart from the game does not give you time to jump the rocks sometimes,1
tanseer tanseer : i am mad no this game this is exiting and make more exiting i loved it,1
captain sunshine : smooth,1
polly : this is the most stunning game you will ever see!!,1
a google user : 3d graphics cause motion sickness,1
alishakyousaf alishakyousaf : it is really good with good graphic it look goodto so play and have a lot of fun,1
a&c studios : time just goes by its so much fun!,1
muto : its great :3 but can u add more charcter,1
tony joy : good game the best game i ever played & i recommend you guys to download it... love this game,1
anuj srivastava : very relaxing and beautiful game. music is so soothing you'll never want to,1
close the game,1
a google user : this is the best mobile game i have ever played. serene and relaxing with amazing visuals.,1
ricky owen : graphics are simple and beautiful,1
ilyass elharrak : the game to deal with rage,1
manish kumar 6340 : awesome game!! can't stop myself to play,1
anastasi : amazing game! what a pleasure to play it! i enjoy everything about it! design and soundtracks are sooo lovely!,1
gopal kumar : bad game to play don't have sense to make,0
jack johnson : it's too hard to get away from your nanna,1
taranvir modi : first endless game i've ever played that much.,1
jesse villarreal : is saying package file invalid,1
rajat thakur : addicted to it,1
a google user : when i download clash of clans it doesnt work in this phone and i go to play store and is saw this game and everyone comment good,1
barishth sharma : i think it's really impressive and a simple,1
iqbal luviantino : the ui design is lovely,1
a google user : minimalist. good background theme. visual effects are stunning with focus,1
on limited elements.,1
ali : gorgeous but sometimes it doesn't register when i tap but that's okay.,0
jinell bal : it always said that it was not working,1
spot leaf : has an amazing scenery,1
bharat chauhan : simple game,1
a google user : amazing artwork and the overall experience. much fun!!,1
necrosage zyxt : get rid of the endless nighttime and dusk levels. i like being able to see what is going on.,1
danny aranda : the people who made blackheads made this and its a good game to,1
anastasia : i really love this game! reccomend it to anyone who likes calming atmospheres.,1
akaanksh desaraju : lovely music in the zen mode. this game is the best game i ever played!,1
olly vanbou : fun. good time waster.,1
shreya hazra : it was a lovely game with best sound quality.,1
navneet krishna : calm,1
norbaizurah sabri : good,1
gabriel : i love it soo much because the song;),1
dr azhar memon : its a nice game ...but somerimes gets hanged up in the phone,1
april james : i've been excited to see this on android since this released on ios!!,1
kroton : love this game..just because of its simplicity and the music..specially when rain start...this game make me feel fresh and provide peace to my mind...,1
juan chavez : i saw dis game at a mall then when i went home i felt like playing it so i baught it and it amazed me,1
robynn young : i'm addicted i was to minecraft and roblox but now omg,1
luka h : it is amazing i didn't know what to download so i did this and it was amazing,1
a google user : it's music is very useful.it help to increase the concentration of mind.,0
mano mano : i really love this game.. it but me in good mood,1
yash kumar : this game is awesome. it has cool graphics and stunts. i can't wait for,1
alto's odyssey.,1
jan galda : you can't get any angry with this game. it's just the beauty itself. just great.,1
dejanae : this helps my sleep most of the time.,1
manabat,1
pew maker : great game to spend hours on. the music is pleasant and relaxing and the game isn't too hard.,1
assassin warrior : i love it especially the graphics can't wait for altos odessy,1
franklin shelkey : and that's the truth,1
twenty one tacos : awesome graphics,1
mina youssef : i've played it before but it won't open what so ever,1
snowy zx : this game got good graphics.no lag at all.i found it very addictive,1
rosie-peach : the view is amazing never like the others ive played before this is way more beautifully sculpted by god,1
samarth kapil : it's a really peaceful game easy in your eyes. it's really relaxing for me,1
monsterr gaming : great game i find it hard to believe that its real,1
ashu gupta : gave the rating based on the trailer of the game only. will play now,1
aaryan paul : very good game. i can't live without it,1
ryan harrington : played on apple tv but it's even better than on android!!,1
a google user : amazing art and music,1
mariya yasinovska : amazing and addicting. sort of reminds me of jetpack joyride. i love it,1
giselle mapanao : my brother and his friend plays its (always),1
pratik patil : game is good but when its dark,1
luna lovegood : a very peaceful game,1
ritesh s : a fun game with a small app size !,1
aj : the graphics and visuals are topnotch and it's actually really calming to play.,1
spotdot : if i can get this in my ipad i will rate this 5 stars,1
mufid nur h : tutorial is too hard,1
jerome innocent : i love it,1
david morin : amazing time waster. a piece of art,1
a google user : well alto is cool i love the game! how i love the music! it also has cool graphics.,1
xmath : you can't describe this game ! a perfect masterpiece ! the music makes you travel in a another world,1
utpal karmakar : very cool game,1
peach yogurt : it was fun having to do back flips and getting power ups,1
bala subramanian v : i dont know to go fast and jump over the vally,1
yash vyas : one of the best games with graphics and sound and everything else...loved it ..,1
omar sanchez : beutiful i love the graphics and the music is so calm and peaceful such a good game 5 stars!,1
nathan kiley : impossible to get past the first chasm,1
al do : boring,1
bishnu prasad swain : awesome game. the music and tunes makes your mood. i like it.,1
explosive boy : this game is very bad you can't download this game,1
saptarshi dutta : this is a soothing game with calming music of wanderlust. graphics is pretty cool and it's quite unique.,1
jack mooney : simplistic and beautiful. hard to put down.,1
ram yadav : boring music,1
jit goria : totaly awesome and relaxing..must use headset,1
bigboygamer /lol : this game makes me relax when i need to and everyone should play it!,1
calvin weng : amazing game,1
ramiro cruz : altos adventure -re- think what a game can do,1
subham das : the graphics are awesome. just 1 word to say. this best game for time killer.,1
jackson michael : awesome game.. please make another version with different levels or add more levels to it,1
cristina toledo : wow this game is so awesome i just can't i'm speechless,1
gaming with emperor : every thing is excellent but the night mode should be improved,1
thakiddmyke _ : this game is more than fun it's awsome,1
darione pettis : i love this game,1
dallas peters : very fun and easy to use. also,1
mayank purohit : love the way sun rises in the east,1
a google user : this is so nice graphic are is good this is fun tooo and we can time pass our time so niceee,1
ayush ghosh : it is a really awesome game. the music is really relaxing. i love this game,1
sukhmanpreet kaur : i gave five stars for this game . this game is lovely .,1
a google user : one of the best game in world.because i am enjoying.thank you very much to creators.,1
melody cole : amazing everything. i'd rate the graphics six stars if i could.,1
iama godlynoob : awesome game,1
lalita jha : i don't know about this game. i hope that it would be good,1
harman singh : this game song is very beautiful and i requesting to you make like this,1
only or adventure thanksfully,1
a google user : i am lucky to born in this century. this is one of my favourite game. i loved it.,1
jkj is beast : great game! fluid and smooth gameplay and very relaxing. highly recommend,1
awareness quest : this game is nice. only some changes are required,1
asim sinha : its the best endless game. everyone should play it. it is a good time passer.,1
a google user : the game is kinda like journey,1
joshua stephens : is one of the best mobile games i ever played,1
strong bow : good game but i think ski safari was much more decent because of its,1
graphics.,1
manisha jibhakate : it's amazing ,1
al delaune : great graphics paired with a challenging yet fun list of tricks and tasks makes for a great game !,1
pastor julia humenik : beautiful,1
ryan ive : i loved the music and the gameplay is great. it's so relaxing.,1
thr3at : i played it and i enjoyed a lot. good animation. best hard work done.,1
mr. niceguy xo : this game is one of the best games of the year. it's graphics are as good as a game on a ps4.,1
nilay sahu : superb graphics wonderful gaming experience thanks to devs. just flawless,1
game.,1
nikhil bhootpur : the most subtle yet captivating game so far. the music and the scenics are,1
soothing.,1
dubey duos : it is a awesome game. i am so impressed with this game. i suggest you to download it.,1
morgi : anyone who hasn't.. you have to download it!! it is amazing! a lot of amazing visual effects,1
lord baron : this is my favorite game ever it should be 5 stars ^-^,1
william simeroth : easy to grasp,1
a google user : this is my favorite game. it is challenging and relaxing all at the same time.,0
a google user : i love this game. controls are perfect,1
mohamed seif : nice game..but the features are so small ..i cant even see the rocks sometimes...fix it then ill give 5 stars,1
seelamanthula abhiram kanna : the graphics in this game are fantastic!!! i thank you noodlecake for giving out this amazing game!!!!!!,1
plants vs zombies garden warfare : i got this game cause i was board but its turnded being board fun!,1
rudresh kumar : ot is a wonder full game to play every thing is good in this to play,1
charles jones : beautiful music and graphics also the game runs very smoothly,1
left : i love it. the music is really peaceful and the game play is brilliant.,1
abhishek panchal : the game is just beautiful to look at with stunning backgrounds and visuals..!,1
honestly dont know lol : u never stop loving this game,1
a google user : this game is awesome. i recommend this game 2 people who nvr installed this game yet.,1
mahendar k : when i open the game the opening music strucking and game closed!!,1
toby st.clair : a great game to have. zen mode with headphones is very relaxing. a+,1
goldpuneet singh : 3rd favourite game after coc and mini militia..,1
georgia aguirre : this game has finally launched and so far you can call it the best game in the world!,1
sam taneja : when i saw this game first i thought it will be boarding but after few days i found the best game,1
dragon noodles : i love it but not my favorite game,1
g ganesh : always automatically runing don't now what is game no characters don't install this app,1
a google user : i love this game because its so nice and have great graphics i love this so much ....,1
isaiahohara42 : "very good quality game love the graphics and the all around game itself",1
joshua mendez : its a really good time killer game. the collection of the goats is really great.,1
al razi siam : more control should be added to control the player when he is airborne...at,0
least left or right control,1
jarrele turiano : the background is enough to make me relax and think about the world and nature ...,1
cs tongar : please make more games like this pleasssseeeee i loved it's scenes and sound effect,1
a google user : alto's adventure - brings the snowboarding experience to life! five stars,1
and two thumbs up!!,1
riley brown : one of the best games i've played so far. great job.,1
scarlett monroe : addictive. cant stop playing this game,1
lithish thomas : it's an amazing game.good graphics .best for game lovers,1
sumit behera : it is a nice game i have taken it one time but then i feel boring so i deleted it today i want to play,1
jennifer p : the awesome game ever i was playing!thanks a lot for creating this game.,1
rob nash : just wish it had more levels i guess.,1
sanjay kumar c s : good time pass game,1
lalita pathak : this game is very nice i don't have any problems,1
zachary mcclave : the music is so relaxing and the graphics are beautiful! amazing overall.,1
pearl rosered : relaxing music and great graphics. love to play b4 bed:),1
habiil mahamed : nice game,1
buhari aliyu : great application,1
noah kenyon : doesnt appeal to older ages,1
kishor solanki : you should make more locations for halloween and christmas.. and wardrobe for alto and others..,1
azuwarazalina rashid : for me this game the best game ever.i love the the graphics and the gameplay was so amazing.,1
doctor plague : take you to another world,1
deondre kohper : it was a-some,1
kalaimagal easy maths : it's graphics is very super,1
benjamin carlson : realy fun but it is sometimes hard to see your character,1
james zanghi : it's just ski safari with a different art style,1
rebeka vlaisavljevic : this is honestly the best game i've ever played on my phone,1
popaty : i have played this game in i pad,1
eggroley : the soundtrack and art are amazing and it's wonderful how well they fit together.,0
a google user : nice game.i switche from apple to android to play this game.in ios its a paid app,1
narci : i'm literally enjoying this. i wrote ay content on it and after that i installed this game.,1
eva peter yang : this game is perfect for you if you like something that is calm yet fun and exciting! love this game!,1
imad abi : it's a very good game graphics are awesome and the gameplay really relaxing i recommend it to be downloaded,1
jonny ewers : perfect game. aesthetically beautiful,1
controls,1
joseph rambau : i really like the backround music and graphics...download it,1
a google user : the ads are way too pervasive,0
raystang gaming : its just so peacful,1
trevor thomas : i played this game on iphone loved it so much and finally have it for android.,1
henry miller : a beautiful game that has is super fun with good challenges,1
olvin sanchez : its great! its relaxing..its perfect the way it is! so sad...and relaxing,1
kaya : it's so simple but so fun and i love it. the graphics are great.,1
a google user : sukun milaa.... it brings all the season near u. plz paly wth headfone,1
tomm z : great game,1
brittney beach : it's cool how those llamas run arm's you get chased by elders,1
makenna brunger : really addictive and supper fun. i love the gameplay. great time killer,1
geeky_potato_lover : love the grapics and music. it is so well put together.,1
s5 : nice graphics bro.keep it up.makes indie game more awesome and realistic,1
midhun b : loved it sooo much. one of the best games i've played,1
muneer miller : great game,1
zarah ahmed : beautiful graphics,1
joshua vineeth : ambient music,1
parul s : love everything about this game! i've spent a lot of hours on this! #no_regrets,1
sheema imtiyaz : loved it.but i didn't liked the zen mode,1
fahmi bouj : really nice one. liked the background music especially w the earphones. zen,1
vedant singh : loking good nice game nice graphics good music never get boared,1
amanda marie : the only thing i don't like about it is prices,1
blungy blop : a very fun game that has a very large action point because of the backdlips,1
sai prasad : one of my favorite games in my life. the background including look and feel is awesome,1
raman singh tomar : well i usually dont give my reviews but this game is commendable excellent graphics pleasant music lovely,1
prabhat singh : best game ever in my life. i will never complain about it.,1
gautam sunil : beautiful game. truly feels like ur in some magical place.,1
diarrah malan : it's a good relaxing app that let's you have fun in nature,1
blackredcrowhart : the soundtrack is sooo relaxing. i love this game so much.,1
rushi kumar : guys its awesome ..download ot but its a never ending game,1
arthur dwaine guillermo : i gave 5 stars because it's addictive and cool.,1
roberto rosas : probably will download this on my nook. it looks like a good game.,1
a google user : this app is very good!! i love it!! even though i get loose in a second,1
bindu sreeraj : this game is beautiful. the music takes me to other worlds.,1
anirudh gusain : totally loved it. have been playing this game since 1 year.,1
muhammad yazid rahman : keep seeing me the alton adventure logo,1
cannabob_d tv : love this game helps me kill time and the kiddos love it,1
tabib alam : it is a really good game.its performance is so good..in one word it is,1
excellent,1
arnie layague : the graphics damn :),1
kiki frazier : most amazing relaxing game ever,1
rahat sam : and the sound quality is much better then ever i just love it,1
rahul kashyap : i m in love with this game specially the zen mode it's too good,1
walter binion : it's a very good game to play and relax. i recommend this game to others,1
connor murphy : it is so awesome that i could play all day.,1
tconquesso 22 : it's a great and fun app yo play in your free time,1
len dig : after a few seconds from launch it locks up.,0
whistful days : reminds me of a sony game,1
daniel millington : my friend just told me about how good this is can't wait to play,1
m j : this game has a simply play but facinating graphics and visuals.,1
gerry birchall : would not run on my lenovo tablet,1
kyle chavez : but the game mechanics is the same as the game ski safari... but better,1
nicholas jones : this game is actually peaceful i love it i rate 100% all the way,1
ibrahim naem : it's control is awesome and it's best in htc phone,1
alawt : its an amazing game and its free its like limbo and has amazing over the top graphics and awesome gameplay,1
a google user : its is amazing my fav game to play all day long,1
gopi kishan murmu : it is way better than temple run 2 .,1
amnesh kumar : it's addictive and i personally feels that it's a great game,1
saikumar boddu : amazing graphics great music i just got addicted,1
renjan .r.i. : beautiful settings and music. can be challenging st times. definitely a favourite.,1
maria del rio : im only rating 5 stars because the company is called "noodlecake inc.",1
sean iverson f. quitan : the art is amazing and so is the music,1
a google user : beautifully designed,1
pratik ganla : ths game was superb running smoothly nd graphics quality lightning effects day nd night mode really good,1
dc king : i love this game this game deserve 5 stars,1
anzar dimasius : this game is good,1
marco saint : i love this game there is not a single problem,1
a google user : so cute! it has great animation and so addicting. love it!,1
tharkshan selvam : it's a good entertainment to relax your mind,1
lebron ransom : best game easy to play,1
ansh : would love it if a multiplayer mod is available..playing with friends will be good,1
andre ramos : fun to play,1
r. fajri : no comment i think,1
typicalbadass : it's so nice and peaceful,1
ping mamiya : this is the most relaxing but hard game ever. its the best,1
benjamin : reviews made this game seem more fun than it really is.,1
max milio : this game is very calming and fun and it actually helps you unwind and its awesome,1
niall asher : so great. now i'm just waiting for the sequel to come to android,0
idrissa jones : great game,1
vincent caga : very nice graphics! and the game is nice too! uhm can you make a rpg or adventure with action game (2d)? and the graphics is like this one? that would be very awesome too! i know you will make a game just for me. =) keep it up! and i love the game "blockheads"! maybe update the game and add some cool stuff like guns,1
chaz buchanan : the game looks amazing but it won't open on my hudl 2,1
ethan hunter : relaxing,1
lucas goins : although simple very complex,1
bailey chandler : this is the best game i have played in my last life.,1
santosh kumar : i like this game. relaxing music and much more,1
mjolnir gaming : awsome gamplay thats all i have to say.,1
sky trekker : fun while playing. you must have this chill out game,1
shrijeet punewar : getting nice experience playing this game. good work team.,1
suzana dean : i love the game it's relaxing and fun to play 5 star for sure,1
suprianto : i like this game,1
brian surin : visuals,1
ashish sharma : goooooooood what could i say everyone thing is good,1
dipesh mehta : not giving money but being start automatically,1
naruto : i love this but the devs. should add a story mode in it too.,1
a google user : it's just too good for a game. the graphics are just amazing,0
heiland tatum : best game i've ever played it is amazing all the controls is great all of it is just the best game i just love it,1
daniel withey : addictive but not rage inducing. very fun and calm game to chill out with,1
ximena velazquez garcia : this game is amazing,1
marvin zamoras : the graphics + the soundtrack = perfect game to play,1
surendra babu : really enjoyed it a lot was one of the best games i've ever played,1
abhilash vadnala : nice graphics..so we can enjoy the game play,1
rohith ramesh : the soothing music,1
warun chhetri : i love this game.it is a very funny game i have played.,1
shailesh sharma : it's an amazing game but want to know how we can play alto's odyssey,1
sayel sherif : one of the most beautiful ganes out there,1
sai chaitanya paruchuri : best if played with headphones on,1
gabriel morales : one of the best games i've ever played. passes time greatly.,1
a google user : 2 year ago i had to play this game. ..it's broken all games,1
lil snaz : i love this game more than any other games on the play store! make some more games please,1
bandoopeaks : this game is simple yet hard when you first cum to it seems very irregular you should definitely play this game,1
hadi el-najjar : why oh why didn't i think of this!,1
a google user : cool wish i didnt die so easy but cool,1
bluepenguin yt : this is by far one of the best mobile games ever. 10/10,1
crippled tuna : i love it! can't wait to play alto's odyssey,1
yoplays : seeing the images i am saying,1
athul krishnan g : very nice game.......the scenery and the music.....the mountains....snow,1
laugh w jenni : its a good game but i never found out how to jump cliffs.,1
akshaya kumar behera : very good app.this app will become a top game very fastly,1
46 navaneeth : overall it's a good game but i suggest some more graphics in this,1
abdul kareem m : should get new skateboards and need to have tool to loose elders,1
burberry london : this would be better played on a bigger screen.,1
unprofessional youtuber non : a really good game it's worth downloading please download it,1
michael polizzi : this game is amazing it has beautiful graphics,1
phreshh : more characters plz to make the game more lasting the generation.,1
haru ai okabe : need more improvement add more obstacles and many more,1
evergino ocampo : um its fun because you kept on sliding on a surfing board:-),1
trestan g : great game,1
ryen hastings : great graphics! one of the most addicting and fun games i've played,1
abel balla : this game is freakin awesome. the graphics are beautiful and the game is perfect.,1
a google user : soft graphics and and good music. snowboarding across the mountains and,1
unlimited land,1
beyabay : in appstore its costs 0.99 dollar but in google play its free,1
francis schaeffer : cant wait for alto's odyssey,1
panji laksmana : cant be played on zenfone 2.,1
a google user : sorry it's very kevalam game,1
cj scott : this game is so amazing and very addictive. the graphics are incredible!,1
himanshu verma : game has simple stages.but this game has magnificient graphics .the game is moderately additive.,1
a google user : it's too amazing game love to play it graphic s are mind-blowing,1
rip roach : controls other perfect nicely done,1
manish kushwaha : very good graphics and i love this game very much.,1
josiah mcelyea : excellent game,1
edmond jonathan : after playing this in ios i knew this would come for android and i love it!,1
kenny bailey : greta graphics magnificent very good noodlecake studios.,1
berzox : this game is amazing beautiful background. it's really simple too,1
oli mitra : great graphics & awesome background score. soothes me down whenever i play!,1
pikachu crazy : simple controls and great game play. if you could make a free run mode and make landing a tad more forgiving that'd be perfect!,1
someone : so why is this game so good i had to tell my friend at school.so yeah this,1
is my type of game,1
spizaleftw : this game is great i make videos on youtube for this game. btw my youtube,1
is thaoneandonly 1264,1
emil cioran : this game is best in the world i never played such a amazing game good graphics and music make me sick,1
andy quintero : this game is really peaceful & relaxing,1
seenath rasheed : i love this game because i played it on my cousins house . its very beautiful in night and morning.because i love this game,1
amait vikram bharadwaj : please add more gaming modes and different musics in limitless mode.,1
play channel : altos adventures is the best game out there. i recommend it,1
godseye : the music is so relaxing ,1
anime bakudan : its a nice game ya know the music and the scenery are a perfect combo.,1
kristina weare : love you and your family. i honestly need to make more awesome games.,1
ignacio elia : too addictive. had to uninstall it. but it definitely is a great game.,1
great controls and gameplay. beautiful graphics. amazing.,1
pcstudio : the visuals were incredible and the gameplay is worth recording and,1
listening to music with.,1
jack william wetzel : my friend luke loves this game so i do to!,1
steve randell : i'm mean it's a good game too play i would play it its have good graphics,1
xtreme ninja : awesome graphics cool gameplay nice story fantastic game this is everything,1
about it,1
a google user : so beautiful,1
reiiize : i enjoyed it and the graphics are cool and the night cycle its really cool and make u focused on the game..,1
pritik ali : the game is flawless with some laggs,1
aaron washburn : amazing game play with tons of replay value. a near perfect gaming experience.,1
jamil ahmad : nice after all but a bit blury sometimes,0
silver fire : amazing game,1
ahmed malik : it's not interesting to party the game play is slow,1
chandan mercury : what is there is to tell one of the best game of the day pls download this,1
game who do not download it addictive game superb,1
tomas furst : best mobile game i have ever played. most beautiful graphics.,1
rebecca klade : it's absolutely astonishing,1
sirag uddin hossain : this game is awesome and i will give it full marks. wahhhhoooo!!!!,1
steve day : super relaxing,1
bwembya chitalu : awesome if you don't like this then i don't know what types of games you play,1
gabriel lamza : one of the best mobile games out there! relaxing and easy to play,1
pemmaraju rohith : good game.... played a very good game after a long time ...i wish it could support htc mobiles too...,1
a google user : this game is my life (not really but yea),1
prateek majhee : issues are still there. game freezes,1
joel rodriguez : games is so fun i play it every day it's like a morning starter,1
wolf lore : the colors were great and the game just doesn't get boring,1
bhargab das : classy and majestic. it reminds me of my childhood in the early 2000's,1
hazwashere : never seen a more relaxed and happy game to play. gg,1
moonpiejenkins : this game is easy to play and fun.,1
jose segura : it's simple and easy plus a little fast paced and fun.,1
a v n l anurada : lill tough but great . one of the best games i've played,1
yuvraj vasisht : 1st game i have installed for the second time. loved it team.,1
miskat abdullah : just awesome.love it so much.no haters of this game,1
rubaiyat rahman : one of the best games of the market. simple but amazing graphics,1
alvin arkansas : it is fun indeed. but the main fun is the simplicity of the graphic. really interesting,1
migara lakkhana : this is a best game that i recommend to play. i really loved it,1
kobrakid : you guys should really get this game. amazing graphics also.,1
samuel watson : beautiful,1
newbie x2 : the best game i've ever played! so relaxing music! please do more games like this!!,1
andrew murphy : awesome game! beautiful views and some great game play when you feel you need a great time!,1
jordan adelaide : great game with a great feel,1
zack johnson : the graphics are super fluid. a very fun and addicting game.,1
brian kubinec : great game with beautiful soundtracks. it also has great graphics and the game is generally relaxing,1
alejandro m : whenever i am in the car i play this game. its really addictive,1
r p : lost all progress at 30 th level when game suddenly disappeared,1
miguel fernandez : super fun game,1
harman preet : this game is very cool great graphics,1
joei urea : good vibes music,1
a google user : make a alto's adventures 2,1
fernando solorzano : make the preso have boost.,1
caitlin leron : i love the gameplay!!and it has no bugs and i love it has to do with llammas!!i can play this all day,1
aleksa spasic : great graphics,1
mubeena tabassum : very nice game for speed likes and very good animation too,1
haidar half a second : i loved this game since it so many different places to go in this game,1
harshit chaudhary : this is very peaceful game,1
surjit singh : super fun and simple game. never gets boring. and great graphics and music.,1
katerina beklemisheva : i loved it,1
johann wigginton : very soothing and peaceful game. so happy that zen mode was added to up those attributes of this game.,1
aakanksha garg : this game is a hit in my family!,1
a google user : this game is the most addictive game ever in my life. it is so cool game.,1
krishna chaitanya : smooth graphics,1
fanimation studio : absolutely gorgeous scenery and blissful music that'll make you hooked immediately,1
adhit wp : simple and addictive,1
vincent nicotera : the graphics are amazing and it's a butiful game. the controls are awesome and the game play is breathtaking.,1
kyle jackson : paid for this on my ipad but i love it so much that i'm definitely downloading it on my android!!,1
uncle otis : it's a very good,1
cunningninja cal : i love the art style the music and charecters and scenery is beautiful very impressing,1
gaming 990 : this game boost my mood..with dat relaxing music..you all should try download it and feel when playing it!!,1
omkar raut : i m not played this game yet. but i feel game would be awesome,1
quintin joker : it's indescribable.its just amazing.its relaxing,1
inam ullah : it was a nice game but you better should use a little colours more than you have,1
guess what : i spent over 30+ hours on this game!!,1
kai carpenter : it's super hard to get characters good game though,1
vajrapu bharath : i'm addicted to play this game,1
jan markes roots : extremely good,1
devil gamer : it has great soundtrack ,1
adelaide banwari : the games terrific no flaws killed it guys,1
sam : is such an amazing app,1
shivani patel : its a very good game with mind blowing graphics.it really deserves 5 stars,1
basab ghosh : great graphics. love the way the scenery changes,1
a google user : this game is amazing. the graphics are so good and i love the flipping,1
evilxlilxbunny : this game make me chill with its music and stuff oh my god wonderful,1
rithika sivakumar : i have loved it .it is so nice great breakfree game,1
robert harrison : best game i have ever played. addicting and a great time consumer.,1
tak tak : very pretty and relaxing. well maybe except for the elder dude lol. great time passer.,1
sumaiya anjum : it is a cool game. can't stop playing it.,1
clarc benedicto : this game is soo....cool best game ive ever choosen the first i saw this i thought it was rubbish but...when i play it its super cool keep uo the good work,1
mary eric : u know tis was the worst most stupidest app i have ever come across in my life. pls dont donwload it it is just a waste of time.....,0
a google user : ultimate music but only thing is at night nothing is visible,1
mubeen mohamed shahul : that's good as you have released this game a week before my birthday,1
bijay tamang : loved it everything..so.can you guys make it online to play with other,1
player thank.you,1
con-man 13 : this is a good game that is freakin amazing play at your own cost it is addicting,1
femin karyat : music and visuals at its best. game is simple yet addictive. excellent job from the makers.,1
josh fogleman : t you have a great day at work now and then i will be there for you to be a good day at work and i have to go to office today and i have to go to office today and i have to go to office today and i have to go to office today and i have to go to office today and bloody mary bloody mary bloody mary,0
nsimr auvy : i cant hack it it is a wonderful game but i cant hack it,1
lovepreet aulakh : very bad so do not download,0
tanadul khamkhod : black screen on zenfone5 lolipop after title,0
trevor doyle : art style is simple,1
guess who i am : too tough for my age. but nicely made . keep up the good work.,1
a google user : i had loved background music which is played in this game and also i loved the game so much thanx for the makers who had made it,1
seema raut : nothing much better than play this play when i am getting bored even in 2d view it look so real,1
a google user : i like it but he graphics and controls are in very very very love it. i like alto adventure,0
vincent lopez : it very relaxation because when i'm mad with my brother it cool my mind,1
jeremy linkinhoker : nothing amazing about it. just another game.,1
a google user : it's a sediment game to play with me and my friend,1
hariom agrawal : most worst game in the world please don't play it,0
vash : was great but now it only seems to frequently crash at random,1
aniket baruah : it is the best game i have ever played i love this game and i suggest everybody to play this game thank you.,1
paras singh : this game is very adventurous,1
xdhrubovai : this is truly my most favourite game.this is a challenging and also very relaxing game.love it,1
kid perfect : graphics are great no problem with the game.also zen mode is peaceful,1
reggie galindo : this looks like a cool game but i cant even play it. kinda sucks...,1
imran hussain : i love this game,1
anthony reyes : i played the demo and it was great. cant wait to see more.,1
fadly rahman : no words can tell how good this game,1
eimear galvin : this is a great game,1
y : ridiculous permissions! simply not necessary,1
alfie fajri hardian : blank screen after title...i dont know what happen..fix it and i will give 5 star..,0
miko febrianto : this game is amazing,1
jeremiah bennett : it's a calming game i like the peacefulness of it good job creators,1
aaron t : just a great game overall with many challenging objectives. a must have,1
a google user : marvelous game ever played. really it refreshes our whole body and soul,1
numire najjar : this is awesome just like any game from noodlecake can't wait for updat,1
uvindu dissanayake : i love this game it's has beautiful musics and sensitive sounds,1
echo : awesome game for passing time when i'm biking. love the art and graphics,1
sam e : very addictive and i like your style the way you made the game man...,1
tsuki gobrr : this game is so addicting and it's like doing yoga but with your thumb,1
a google user : i love this game. it is so calming and relaxing. i think if you are stressed try the game,1
tj colborn : could not do back flip,1
emily fydenkevez : had this game on my phone for months and loved it,1
a google user : its awesome graphics makes my mind refresh . awesome,1
gameplay,1
a google user : it's a beautiful game where you can relax and try to get a high score,1
itzy bitzy spyder : no ads,1
bu5hm45t3r : amaaazing game,1
randomtranzit : its not the best or the worst just fun.,1
a google user : it is a very great game love it good time waster too,1
suhid 97 : really good game and graphics. i really love this kind of graphics. and gameplay is awesome too,1
travis marshall : i saw it on a ipad at the store and played it...pristine graphics and realistic movements...hard to tear away from....,1
sishir k.c : sooo cool. i really loved the weather there in the mountains,1
theoriginalcz : great all round game. love the look and feel of it. i think the developers should expand this game.,1
msta nasty : love how you can do all the flips also great graphics,1
theperfectcelibate : good,1
ganesh sai : i ts good but we cantunule is boring sanjay,1
thereal #adog21 : fun and a good way to calm down after a hard day,1
luca : download it it is so awsome seriously at the start kinda hard but it gets so easy after time,0
raju ganga : it is very interesting to me one small boy altos adventure it is very,1
marvellous game,1
jades arthollow : i love this game so much. it's so calming and simple. absolutely awesome!,1
jacobo alonso beltran : fun and original game,1
anita chakri : awesome one of the coolest games ever played!!the background music was awesome,1
alpo : beautiful and chilly really nice. music is relaxing gg,1
erika carr : i saw the game in the tablet store and it was love at first sight!,1
exson ikosia : best snowboarding game i ever played.,1
aron aron : all i could say is..."this game made my everyday special"...i don't really know why...but every time i play this game...i felt peaceful,1
verifiedtn : such a beautiful game with astounding graphics. great game to sit down and play. i strongly recommend.,1
aiden pearce : it is very..i think very relaxing when i play this and it is relly great graphics,1
adwitiya dixit : absolutely amazing game with an awesome soundtrack and beautiful graphics and engaging gameplay.,1
u krishna : only one thing i wanna say is that 'i love this game',1
dark mode : amazing game,1
marcellino magdi : loved it .its a very good game full graphic and speed. wonderfully,1
a google user : music and graphics are awesome. love the free play mode.,1
party starky : nice concept and you'll surely won't get bored of it.,1
demonic rain : the graphics are amazing and the game itself is charming yet simple.5/5,1
nazimul islam : so much addicted game,1
holly hawthorn : very relaxing yet fun,1
kidd savag3 : awesome game great time killer. good way to test your skills,1
ferno vladyy : the game is just satisfying to watch and play. you should get it.,1
amit kalel : it's very adventures game and its graphics are very nice its similar to temple run2,1
andrew o'callaghan : it's amazingly beautiful but maybe you could add a farm or something extra,0
lenn touthang : will never stop playin this awesome game!,1
suhi tv : awesome #1 app of the year 2017 and 2016 awesome music and graphics and gameplays!!!,1
atul kumar : it's an excellent game. it has too good stunts and too cool missions. i liked this game.,1
vu khoa cat : i tapped hundreds of thousands times!,1
prasad bhagwat : this game always brings me closer to it-everytime i see my phone.amazing,1
r k p : i loved the game for playing it for the first time if you want to play a marvelous game this is the best,1
nikolas bartell : i love this game it has very good graphics and its easy to control and the gamplay is amazing its simple but fun,1
#cyber_knight : background effects and scene's are lovely,1
hemant kumar : at last i found a game which makes me happy,1
ayush singh : this is good game but last is not least please download clash of clans,1
siri1 : one of a kind visuals !!!! awesome background. one of my favourite games.,1
blake oquist : i love this game so much,1
nikki keister : beautiful game and entertaining!! definitely worth the download.,1
shobhit sirohi : awesome game + i like that it is free on android :v,1
beta cripticbtk : love it.i feel its like subway surfer but less upgrades,1
condorrex : it's so cool that i will do tricks on a skate board on a cliff,1
a google user : has great graphics and looks beautiful too every scene could a wallpaper or,0
background,1
redrabbit agordon : this game relaxes and keeps my attention at the same time the music and graphics give me.life,1
a google user : these game is so much adventure full game so plz try this game now.,1
kevin marasigan : very addicting to play and a great time killer base on my own opinion!,1
zameer shaikh : this game is so cool and the best thing is the sountrack of zen mode the characters and the graphics is so cool that i have never played any game like it,1
tejas chaudhari : not bad.. but not good controls,0
nitesh kumar : nice game i really enjoy and liked it. i suggest to play this game and,1
installed the game everyone enjoyed this game.,1
a google user : amazing game plz download it it is a good time pass game and you'll,1
definitely enjoy it,1
ultra joker : it's soooo cute! i like it very much,1
elijah muir : it's fun but it gets boring really fast,1
kush saini : loved this game ,1
killos revenge : soo cool it's fun to play i hope they make more games,1
asriel dreemurr : i really really like it so relaxing i hope you keep up the good work ! -asriel,1
amari hunt : this game is great for those who want to relax and have a taste for adventure,1
toran jain : oh wow such a nice game but plz add stunt points in zen mode cause it would make the zen mode more intresting also u can add new backgrounds and few new boards plz make the collection on coins easier so that one could easily buy items from the game store otherwise the game is relaxing the music is relaxing keep the hard work going,1
jyoti mondal : it's a very boring game. don't download it. it's very very very bad game.,1
seth heese : soothing and relaxing. awesome game play,1
shakila raghuraj : need some intresting obstacles,1
krishna verma : its awesome guys .it give us a wow experience guys you must try it,1
jermayne ray : let me download it .good luck .great grafics,1
ethan barrett : lovely looks and nice,1
a google user : no words to say but more memory cost,1
sunny yt : such a great game with good graphics view. need the second edition of alto,1
josh caley : great game loved it when i had it on my iphone glad to see it's on android,1
prakash patel : this games have good graphics and scenes . i have never been played like this game ever,1
aegyo chan : the simplicity of the actual game and eloquent music with stunning graphics. im blessed to download this game.,1
deepak dubsmash : really very nice game plzz add some multiplayer future and add some more environment !,1
ned : it's a fun interactive game but the controls should be clearer and please add a tilt left button!,1
burouj armgaan : "soothing" gameplay and the soundtrack both you feel as if you're the character,1
emilio : this game is fun and relaxing during stress,1
subham burnwal : most serene ,1
everything.,1
rizi pro : the main thing is that it's free and very attractive game,1
luqman hatim : gud gret gam,1
stan : it's ok if you just wanna pad your time,1
gopesh kannan : it is a great game with awesome animations,1
subhnkr b : this is one of the best game ever. the music the visuals !!!,1
thesucculentprince : it's beautiful,1
bezzi mehdi : amazing game good graphic . i even dare to say addictive,1
hyperhusky 2007 : it was great and all but it crashes when i open the app,1
a google user : to be honest... this game is really fun with a beautiful music.. you will have to download and enjoy it,1
tamil ps : i enjoyed this game alot.. friends try this game ..u will feel grate,1
nicolas cid : challenging,1
rainbow the death metal unicorn : cant get enough of this visually pleasing game.,1
bashir khan : its graphics and music is very good and litely gameplay.,1
a b : its good gamr sliding,1
ella antonette iglesias : its so fun and easy to play. and love the action,1
jaina au leones : one of the best mobile game experiences available on the play store.,1
zayne : plz make altos adventure 2 . i loved this game .,1
sarah shareef : well,1
baldeep singh : nyce game with great visual'$ with great sound effects 100/99;),1
debasish nayak : waiting for odyssey... hope it will be launched soon,1
dyton beazley : one of the best games ever,1
stephen quandt : i have for the 6 plus and i already love this game its so much fun!,1
kyler dove : but tapped out is better,1
arnav rustagi : very good concept it relaxes ur mind and also keep giving u challenges u would never be bored,1
kaizen enguerra : i love this game so much you guys dont even know,1
a google user : kicked me out every time.,1
rosmy varghese : the best game i ever played.. feels relaxed whenever i played this game,1
paul enriquez : i scored many chromosomes in this game,1
a google user : beautiful soundtrack and peaceful gameplay it really brings calm feelings to me,1
alexis plake : i love this game because it is so relaxing and great graphics! also llamas,1
vandana bamania : good controls & graphics. loved this game,1
here we go : really fun game loved it graphics are very simplicity that is what makes this game very fun,1
buddhika jayalath : loved it played for a long time. relaxing !,1
ofelia rey : this game is so relaxing and the music is soothing. i am enjoying it.,1
rajesh kumar : the graphics ,1
raebear 201 : this game is addictive and breathtaking on so many levels! this game is by far the best of 2015 and 2016,1
archibald delorme : the smooth design of this game is nice and it have a good gameplay !,1
nishanth nishanth : it's nice but grafics is not good,1
bulod siklista : even when it's the middle of the tropical heat,1
rahul malkala : good,1
subscribbl : beautiful graphics,1
jamal jones : this game is so great i love this game and when i deleted it i forgot how much fun it was so i downloaded it again,1
muhammad fadly : this game is the definition of fun! it has great graphics and outstanding game mechanics.,1
jay brown : amazingly beautiful game! calming too. one of the best i've ever played.,1
clerin clery : its one of the super addictive games ive played so far. i love it,1
keliel perez : this game is verg fun,1
good,1
athul raj k j : this is really a good game i loved it.graphics are nice.very interesting..,1
anubhav kumar : well graphics and quite easy to handle . i like that . please try this game,1
nathan drake : it is a nice game that you can enjoy!,1
asian mystery : great game kills lots of time would recommend to freibd,1
a google user : so fun. i wish i could play it forever. i love it!!!,1
shabab tarique : its stunning the way its built. it makes u feel sleepy and satisfied,1
kieran smith : amazing but when i tried putting it on it went into a black screen im really disappointed please contact me and fix it,0
vinay krishnan : just change the night mode .sometimes it's too dark,1
irene alexiou : it is really addicting and with no internet needed you can play it anywhere!,1
s. a. : beatiful graphics,1
damian jones : an amazing game,1
juhiec : its just simply amazing!!more than expected,1
jovita ojeda : best game ever,1
bend fi : your phone suck.. its all fine mostly in our legit smartphones..,1
sus hi : just a beautiful game! the graphics,1
a google user : i want to play this game but i cant even download it...it always says "package invalid"..zzzz,0
asmara downey twiss : amazing! beautiful graphics,1
adam k. : great graphics,1
leela : really cool music and an easy game to play.,1
darius 422 : good music,1
josie anne : my favorite game ever! so calming and addictive.,0
owen boxley : i love ,1
abhinav m : i'am a game lover and i get wonderful games like this very rarely keep working on it,1
mohd irfaan : superb. thanks to my friend who recommended it!!,1
awesome1 !! : it make time go by fast!!! best game ever,1
bennie marwein : this game is really a game if u want to relax that is if u have patience,1
william md : it's a good gme it's graphics is awesome ot is reaaly an addictive game,1
subrata sengupta : wonderful and relaxing.,1
james bongato : ive been looking for cool games like this,1
a google user : this game always makes me relax and it also helps to remember my past .,1
gaming knight : the game is great easy controlls good graphics awesome power up.,1
mohd danish adam : the graphics is great and it's good!!! i think it is a great choice to be a editor's choice,1
bram : decent game,1
mark perry : too many ads. too dark. too hard to see where you're going.,0
ronak mehta : nice graphics and best for playing during leisure time:),1
tech general malayalam : i think nice and may be you find it as a time pass if...,1
ashley davison : doesn't load past title.,1
sidharth a : one of the best game i have ever played . stunning visuals and stunning music,1
a google user : i absolutely love this game,1
arjun sharma : i will recommend every body to play this game this has a fabulous music that make me feel good i love this game hope same to you,1
nathan moore : the game is fun and a good way to waste time.,1
softvyxan : at the pics and i was able to tell it was good,1
chiang eh : very neat little snowboarder game with amazing art style.,1
riiddens : one of the best phone games i've ever played. beautiful and relaxing,1
jimit vaghela : above ordinary!,1
a google user : okay,1
navdeep kaur : when we loose alto always fells down in same pose and lokks like graphics are low otherwise the game is good,0
diljeet singh diljeet : it has amazing sounds and great graphics,1
reza : this is one of the most best and beautiful android games i've ever played,1
a google user : this a great game the graphics are amazing but i wish there are more tricks #peace,1
u10500028 107_31033_ : i hope the it can make more different!!,1
a google user : gets my mind off things.,1
athira as sunilkumar : it is nice but not interesting.but i like it.,1
mohamed nassef : it simple game with good sound effect and its idea is very good,1
dharani dharan : its a great game with nice visuals and great sound. deserves 5 stars,1
yash : this adventure is the best i love this game i can't delete this gamr,1
manuj grover : most great gameplay never played a game like this.,1
ankur saxena : outstanding gameplay and never-seen-before graphics. simply loved it!,1
talha shafique : that's very good game i ever played before.. but i have to say something that in this game there are many chusses....,1
darkflame master : i love this game its amazin i and i hack this game to 999999999999 coins hahahahaha,1
emeren jae larios : addictive and beautiful graphics. keep up the good work!,1
mario flores : awsome design smooth graphics everything you want in a semi-platformer,1
kuilcomputer rkm : the great game world wlu. will ask i will tell alto,1
roshan baig : what a nice sounds and graphics. oh i really loved it.,1
the chill player : it's really not that bad but the graphics are ok that's what is good,1
slimeshroom : it's very fun to play,1
franco : haven't start the game and it stopped,1
smoky joosh : absolutely gorgeous and breathtaking,1
xxythsxx : i love the music. it has good graphics.everything about this game jt good,1
carolina varanda : i've finished and started this game over countless times,1
parag kannake : i have unlocked all the achievement in 2016 but its not showing now and not able to continue where i felt the game,1
alexandra hansen : i like this game its fun and all but i think it needs more than just pushing a button,1
vicky manchanda : amazing and my favorite game android game ever for alots of love for my side to noodelcake sach aa great which you did,1
nur muhammad : but worse,1
mcgee johnson : crashes everytime its opened,1
vidhun vidu : nothing more to tell extreamely awesome yaa,1
moses adenaike : for a older version poopshin some thing,1
ayush krishnan : its not supporting my tab,1
lazerbearicorn gaming : not for me but it looks nice,1
sujini kathiravan : up to 40 year old can play,1
anitha reddy : i went the last season that was very difficult,1
a google user : boring we have only to jump and nothing,0
agato rl : idk what happened the game just crashed and bye,1
alex arato : the left turning is broken please fix,1
joanna borja : unstoppable art that keeps going with hope and dreams,1
elizabeth co : its no bad at all i played it an japan,1
a google user : stupid questions i just guessed the answers,0
rakesh raghav : 3 class and mb waster,1
aswin kumar ajith : no words just simply awsm,1
andrei berinde : i hate this error,1
valerie santos-silva : oops wrong button,1
a google user : get now i cant stop playing this game,1
jeff dujat : black screen fix not working,0
a google user : clash of clans sa acha nai hai,1
ana blaiotta : the following user name and password,1
tharun adhithya : it says packed file invalid,1
sonny_drip : really desent game but the controls are horrible,1
vessix ghost : iy it was mean ugly suck dick and essdggffftff,1
alen charly : showing package invalid,1
dev rajyaguru : i bought a new iphone 7 and this is best game for it but don't like,1
tshego mentoor : it's a very good game and i have never enjoyed a game like this in my life,1
fr poulose parekkara : good game that i have ever played before.this game makes me challengeing,1
jacob whitaker : when i first played it is waz f**k awesomeness,1
partho podder : truly it's a great game.the environment changing fact and the sound is awsome,1
zyrobss : perfect and amazing physic game u dont need big mb to play this game thats give this game so awesome,1
rayane louhi : i love everything about this .this game has to be the most relaxing game i've ever played. the music,1
a google user : it's simple but in his semplicity it's spectaculat i love playing this game,1
christine hendri : great offline game. soothing music background. and challenging all the way,1
mr. muf man : this is the most beautiful game on android and has great graphics,1
milly fletcher : hate the triban woman who tries to kill you,1
phoebe etheridge : amazing awesome great cool,1
advit ch : can i have more update because it's cool,1
mimi stark-sharp : bro,1
really is. also maya is bestgirl. thanks noodlecake for the wonderful,1
experience that is alto's adventure. can't wait for odessy.,1
james : very addictive games i ever play,1
zahra baiquni : every level got its own challenge; nice!,1
mrwhoistheboss : its not working on my galaxy c7pro man!!,1
a google user : most relaxing yet challenging game i've ever played!!,1
asma khan : its free on android phone but costs 9.99$ on apple,1
rj hontiveros moderes : this game is so beautiful and really,1
badal roy : its a besyest running game. it will relax your mind.,1
sid balsure : stunning graphics with great gameplay and easy controls make it really,1
enjoying game.,1
gautham padmanabhan : this game is worth downloading.,1
dendaaa : this game is the best looking game i have ever played on a smartphone,1
marskie fuentes : i love this game very much so i give 5 star,1
ramona jurice moll : awesome game im a athelite im great at parkour at real life a realy awesome game,1
a google user : this game had very good graphics i like this game a lot,1
hayder waheed : i think its very lovely game goid game play outstanding and very adventurous,1
ahmad rajpoot : this game is very good and i p play it all time i love this game,1
frost. : i loved it very very much,1
ruby theobald : this is so fun to play and i seriously love the graphics,1
eida mahadi : si awesome so mice graphic good job editor choice,1
juhi dubey : the game is so awesome and very addictive the background is very beautiful it simple and awesome,1
esabella : it's like ski safari but free and way more stuff,1
syed tazdid : crashes after loading ..... cant play in my phn samsung galaxy j1 but can play it in my sony xperia z1 :3,0
george jacob : pure awesome minimalist game!,1
aquino,1
rylan leuaxay#5 : the game works out amazingly beautiful graphics,1
kim romagosa : because i can't know the instruction in this game,1
eliza bates : i loved this game it is really fun and i love how you have to jump with those keys i wish i new the person who made this game they are legands,1
bryan palmer : it's cool and fun but i wish they can make a second one,1
toastey boi : best game ever created butifull look peaceful play just a great game altogether,1
eks dee : a fun addicting game thats peaceful and simple yet very fun,1
ahmody hesham : it is so lovely and and you will be excited to the other level,1
karen o'reilly : i love the art style in this game it reminds me of a game call ori and the blind forest,1
onii-chan : beautiful graphics and pleasant soundtrack enhances the game experience,1
asmin tamang : i love this game n this is my second time download from my new android phone,1
afran shaikh : good for time pass game but it takes to long to start on my phone,1
soumy raghuwanshi : a good game for kids but dont play games kids it will harmful for you,1
dushyant singh : i played this game many times but i am not bore,1
deepak joshi : i love adventure game and you are also a adventure lover games download this game,1
anand sinha : its quite good game and also i must say good graphics,1
a google user : it a really fun game and easy to pick up,1
a google user : it's so relaxing and you can spend so much time playing it,1
anita jiji : really lovely animation and menu a wonderful job .... very well done,1
narendra m : game icon is very attractive... that's why i tried this game in the first place,1
amanda smirl : it's amazing. i've played this game on my cousin's tablet and i loved it. i recommend this game,1
emilio z. : meh. the "watch movie" button wouldn't work. i'm not interested in buggy games.,1
donovan : when your snowboarding at night time can you make the rocks more visible ty,1
rahul kumar dudhrejiya : i have played many games but this game really oceam .,1
aswad ali : i have played in my cousin's phone,1
henry r. : i was walking 8n walmart and i swa this game on the i pad so i tried it and i was just wonderful,1
meriam maceda : great graphics and fun to play!! 5 stars for that,1
only. barbie : extremely addictive i luv dis game da controls r a lil confusing tho its very fun i luv it thank u,1
janya hurst : love this game so much makes me happy and i love the music so relaxing,1
amutha sekar : this game is full kidness but i like this game because i am a kid,1
rabbani rabbani : no control works after play one tim e totally waste if tim e,0
ooo oo : very very good but if they have two charactets it will be so so good,1
gabby karleskint : i love this game and you will will too thank you to the developers your doing great,1
a google user : adorable.. give a good and rest feelings,1
yura shepelevsky : the game looks great and relaxing,1
pippa williams : gr8 graphics its amazing how they put it together,1
iain rutledge : this is so good for calming me down and the graphics are amazing,1
bruce wane : nice game good graphics and marvelous locations and music is awsome,1
megamac2005 : amazing game very addictive keep up the good work,1
nicholas corti : this game is fun i am boss you people try,1
aryan meshram : but awesome game,1
abdellah fariz : the best time killer i love the experience of the game,1
jenice story : the play style is amazing and i love it,1
pradeep kumar : i am downloading but it is shown that palate in bails,1
sidhick mm : best looking game ever the music is mind blowing,1
merupo abhishek : when i started playing this game it reminds the enjoyment of my life,1
ernesti : this is the second best games i have ever played,1
hassan naji : i just wish that there was a point to collecting lamas,1
pragam : this game is very good plz download it,1
irshad s : one of the best games i have played,1
alejandro juarez : it was so fun i loved playing it,1
a google user : best game ever to stay zen thanks to the relaxing music,1
a google user : relax and chill time for me thank so much helpfully,1
a google user : i love playing this game in mt spare time,1
a google user : great graphics but no actual gameplay,1
andrew joseph : thanks to material design the visuals look amazing,1
moises d. : it is a good casual game and its perfect for short time playing,1
holly rood : i have downloaded it on all my devices and still love it,1
a google user : i love this game because it has superb music and quality,1
bryson : it is just perfect and i ment 5 stars on graphics,1
hindustan insecticides limited : awesome game just 1 word describe its awesome,1
al_jaybeast : i thinks you should add where the world can be different,1
boris delev : i love it when i play it i relax so much beacause of the music,1
samanth neti : the game is very interesting,1
a google user : it is better they other game i have played,1
a google user : best game and relaxing sounds good when headphones almighty best,1
a google user : this game is so cool i think the graphics are good,1
anurag roy : awesome guys awesome graphics i am mad about the game,1
raul reyes : i love it its so fun and cool and awesome,1
begaram khoja : thank u noodlecake studio make more graphical games,1
scythe theofficialbnp : it is amazing and can calm you down if mad,1
axel paduano : very calming and a great time spender with awesome graphics,1
lt.ssundoo 123 : the best snow boarding game of all time,1
elijah helton : i love this games its really good,1
devansh kushwah : great graphics and like to complete the levels,1
ashweyth sunil : awesome visuals soothing music and an overall addictively amazing game,1
adhirath taak : mind blowing but i am waiting for the alto odyssy,1
vittu : amazing game zen mode back ground song superb,1
kaushal kishore : i like and enjoy this cool game,1
aravind kumar : this app is so supper and have good animation,1
moustafa moufeed : amazing abd magestice game sorry for the spelling,1
marcell mathers : smooth gameplay nice graphics plz download it and play,1
a google user : love this game please upload altos odessey soon as possible,1
a google user : it is totaly a amazing game which i had never seen,1
jay katori : fun great graphics though could use a story line,1
alex cadenas : this is the coolest game i had ever played,1
cody deel : addictive and easy to play,1
a google user : i loved it because you can change your person,1
dylan 404 : this game have beautiful grafics and good physics,1
a google user : very good time killer and great graphics,1
barker boy : one of my favourite games of all time,1
alen poehlman : greatest graphics ive ever seen on a mobile game,1
luljeta dema : its just amazing game i really like so much,1
anoop bajpai : beautiful game it clear my mind and give me a relief,1
akmal reezal : what the hell i cant install this crap,1
ravinder sharma : i have played it it is a adventures game one of my best,1
ashford family : thia game has won my heart,1
harvey foster : amazing adictive and fun make sure u play it,1
dave christopher : this game is better than ski safari 2,1
mg7 : this game is hard and easy and you could do triks,1
a google user : connor do find exes shudish thick fb if,1
ritwik sinha : nice game but some new scenes can be added,1
a google user : an amazing game i personally really love this gam,1
mckenzie dann : i love this game it is soo fun you should download it,1
durgesh nagwanshi : the background light and dark colour combinations make it unique,1
ranju das : good night my friend this game is soooooooooooooo cool,1
nahla shannan : cool,1
arno ryser : very calming and overall just puts me in a good mood,1
a google user : one of the best relaxing games ever especially in zen mode,1
karanvir singh : music make it peaceful and calm and is quite fun to play,1
addicted to milk : the graphics are beautiful and the controls are pretty easy just tap,1
anuvansh taak : mind blowing but i am waiting for the alto odyssy,1
langton : i love this game to death it was very cool to play and download,1
a google user : awsome but its too hard to parkour,1
anirban chatterjee : the graphics coupled with the music makes this game a delight,1
benjamin stewart : best graphics ever for a phone game mind blowing,1
7tx astro : really the game is super and the graphics is so good i loved it,1
joy py : its very easy game and also fun great graphic,1
robbie mauger : a must have for any mobile gamer,1
a google user : superb awesome excellent i will never forget this game,1
rahil gulzar : great graphics most addictive game ever please download it,1
david s : perfect little game if you need to pass the time,1
diana : this game is amazing i love it the animals are v great,1
rushiraj gadhavi : this game is very nice i like it so much,1
a google user : i love this game make more games like this one,1
sidharth : it is very interesting but no missions to do,1
bee's knees : at night it gets to dark but other than that is fun,1
harry sidhu : cool anyway game is great sound is good,1
a google user : its an fantastic game i have never seen before,1
a google user : get it super good and easy relaxing peaceful ext,1
jennifer andrews : the graphics are so cute and the music is very calming,0
aurelia mccann : great game some bits are hard but great fun,1
s.k boms : aweeeeeesome game very nice beautyfulllllll,1
a google user : osm game nice youtube channel subscribe jo creation,1
bhanu theja goud : backflip time is too long and no scope of 2x backflips,1
vicedgod studios : i think this game gave more thrill,1
violet sekae : it takes long to download but very addictive game,1
supersmilingcat : great game get it and play cause yeah,1
kabir singh : there is beauty in its simplicity,1
rasmus laine : uninstalled because it wanted to know phone history such as bookmarks,0
tiffany spitali : this game is awesome and fun good time killer,1
alex enigma : this game is always my goto at the end of the day,1
priyanka soni : its my fevorite 4 forever nice game i love it,1
a google user : the game is great but the guy goes a little to fast,1
mr jamicansquid : love this game because of how its super peaceful and nice looking,1
wack wabbit : a minimalistic but beautifull game and relaxing soundtrack,1
ape : i really love this game its super realaxing and fun,1
antoni alexis descartin : the game is great and relaxing and its fun to play,1
samuel leong : amazing graphics and simple gameplay with achievements that makes it quite addictive,1
jonathan schmidt : this is a awesome app love it advise anyone to get it,1
louis james : the style and gameplay are both brilliant worth installing,1
jocelyn perez : i love the game it is so peacful and it has gentle music,1
daymion : i like this game because it keeps me relax,1
himanshu bhangale : the game is awesome and i liked the background sounds and graphics,1
ronak raut : it is fun an very interesting game which i licked in my,1
a google user : this is the worlds most gorgeous and beautiful game of all time,1
galactic studios : i would highly recommend this game it is great for pass time,1
manoj patil : pretty game doesnt crack like other,1
nahary almeida : this game is very relexing the song i just loved it,1
hannah riggs : it was a very good experiance of wonderful game that stand out,1
giovanni cervantes : second time i playd it i cryd,1
min chun chi : ilove this game so much and i'm crazy,1
calanon the wolf knight : i kept freezing on me.. i wouldn't bother,1
kritmohit singh : awesome graphics good controls and work properly get this game now,1
a google user : this is my favourite game ever. it needs a lot of time to download the app,1
jatin kumar : good and a easy way to time pass ,1
jeffrey perol : this game is so relaxing and beautiful i hope there's more games like this,1
hannah c : it's a great game but it keeps forcing closed.,1
harsha bharadwaj : frame rate is a little low though .,1
a google user : the best game i've ever played i love the graphics,1
kaitlyn rodley : all i wish is that you would add some more characters and maybe levels?,1
cause some of the challenges are actually really hard...,1
sanya agrawal : it's superb...i can't get my mind out of it and beautiful places,1
danyal khan : its a great game beautiful music and awsom weather i love it,1
claww _ : its not even working i click it and it stop it crashed,1
a google user : i think that game is good but not so much,1
dilli basker s : its a good grafic game but they should improve their consapt of the game,1
huzaifa ahmad : it has good graphics runs good on the samsung galaxy s7 edge,1
james fowler : has best graphics on my phone i ever seen,1
ryan smith : this game is so awesome i watched my aunt play and it is awesome,1
mahdi j : nice game its really awesome i recommend you download this game,1
joey simmons : nice flow and game style always play it when i have free time,1
shashwat kumar : graphics are awesome and it sticks into your mind throughout your gameplay,1
leena jha : nice i love it but i can not complete the gaps between to mountain,1
vikas dhanavade : nice first i think this car game because my car name is alto,1
surendra raikwar : what a game has too good graphic,1
shivansh bhattacharjee : this game is so cool and dark at the same time,1
a google user : it is a great game i think you should make this game with new maps,1
aayushmaan singh : very great app i loved it so much it is very great and full on entertainment,1
mckayla martin : awesome its a fun quick game to play on a road trip,1
preeti desai : the game is quite addictive and is really good for time pass playing,1
gaia xavia : is just cool because it has a beautiful background and music and it has no,1
gliches,1
sandhya senan : this the most awesome running game i have ever seen,1
caine vaughan : this game is just completed my life it is such a relaxing game absolutely love it,1
kieron davis : it is so much fun i put on headphones and i can play it for hours,1
unseenable dude : the game itself was great but it ia not my type of game,1
the ninjagamer : it on my laptop and now my phone,1
a google user : good game it is time killer but not best,1
justanillusion : this is amazing just beautiful game i love the graphics and everything,1
a google user : its really an awesome and addictive game feel like to play every time,1
ella ralston : this app is so wonderful through all the detail and imagination,1
eben abraham : it has a good execution but lacks in ways more than one,1
a google user : the graphics are stunning of this game and i installed it 2 times and still,1
enjoy it,1
sabyasachi biswas : the music and the background graphics is all that makes it feel great,1
treatment for dialysis snehal : what are the good animations we want these i loved it this is game,1
red dead eye : it just is beautiful and fun to pull off huge trick combos,1
a google user : please create more like this game with relaxing music and good background,1
view,1
tinmar swe : the makers of this gmae are geniuses,1
a google user : i loved the tasks like to do 3 backflips and the lamas running motion,0
ms lokesh : just awsom i love it the game was just awsm,1
michael cadet : it cool because it make you think a lot,1
devon o'neal : this is the best time killer out there that doesnt use wifi,1
a google user : if there were more options it would be nice but great game,1
just hack it : it is awesome compact and quality content but it lacks new tracks and modes,1
dee pak : firstly entering into the game gives you a new feel,1
harpreet singh : awesome game great graphics but need some more characters and tools,1
shalini sharma : game graphic is so best love we loved ever,1
luigimini : the game looks beautiful you have done a good job noodlecake,1
hamzah amad : amazing how much you can play it and not get bored,1
erika wright : best game u could ever have its great i love it,1
jb law : i played this game at the apple store at mall of america it is amazing,1
spideyash tj : cool and superb of it to create games like this are good and fun to play,1
rustybolts k pears : lacking ability to use air mouse or madcatz controller,1
idiotic memer : this game is by far one of the most beautiful games i have ever played,1
helloo : i like it if you could make another one that would be awesome,1
paul silver : it can of reminds me of another game,1
rayven janolino : i like the music and the background soo il give it a five,1
ioan roberts : by far the best game ive ever downloaded and played from this app store,1
arif jafari : one of the best games i have ever played on android,1
reddi whip : thanks for this beautiful game and for inspiring me to do anything without a problem,1
ciarra simpson : this has the most amazing graphics i have seen and it beautiful,1
leesha pv : best game i ever downloaded wish you to make more games like this,1
fatheadclips : this game is so amazing and the best part is its free,1
david parody : i play this at night so it would make me fall asleep,1
maxifn : great game i have it on my fire tv stick to great for relaxing to,1
josh seager : such a good game smooth running and no bugs or glitches,1
a google user : it has great graphics and outstanding game i love it so much,1
uchiha viranga : beautiful feels like im on those mountains the soundtrack is really moved me,1
a random guy on internet : awesome game and the long run had me good time pass in aeroplanes,1
srinivas koruprolu : this is simply mind blowing game aim not expect this at all,1
adarsh k : good game but if it was little too zoomed in night would be nice,1
vishal rai : its a very nice game just let it be downloaded a little bit faster,1
l amarendra singha : very very eye soothing graphics with great concept and music,1
alex reed : one of the most visually stunning games ever played on my phone,1
alondra guzman : fifth they rbc tbc sbc tux egg,1
vishek kratos : this game is simply magnificent and also will give u a peace of mind,1
kevin rehrey : its really coaol my friends and i see who can last longer,1
prabh lubana : this game is gorgeous who made this he or she have a brilliant brain,1
judah mares : totaly adictive uts the best mobioe game i have ever played,1
mubarak saheb : this is the most adictive game i hav played,1
carter lapp : one of the few worthy 5 star games in my opinion,1
a google user : after my quarterlyvi saw this game i have been using it for 5years,0
juan carlos restrepo : very nice game buy still some bugs need to be fixed,0
a google user : it is a really good game when your just waiting for someone so download it,1
vijayalakshmi lakshmi : this is a amazing games and i love it when you get the best way,1
jake mak : u could add a bit more modes and different locations,1
a google user : it was not a boring game for me so far on the google play,0
a google user : i loved the music designs and how fun it was thumbs up noodlecake studios,1
a google user : this is the most wonderful game i have ever played and its so peaceful,1
vishnu p : i learned to play very nicely after some time,1
a google user : its so cool and relaxing but can you please make new characters,1
jordan morris : a good game i wish there were more in it but still like it,1
claudia yanez : it has so much thinhs thay make to awesome lol,1
sydney heesom : omg i played it four hours straight because its so good,1
pete harper : the music plus the background you would want to just lay down,1
quajearia burgess : love this game so much and i will play it all day if it download,1
husam hussamm : its realy cool and awsome u should play they did a great game,1
idsoccol isawesome : this is great the graphics are good the gameplay is amazing its just an awesome game,1
keion williams : i think there should be more tricks to do other than that the game it great,1
got towonder : riding down hill like line rider only doing backflips,1
zeiad ahmed : the game is really amazing especially the new zen mode and the graphics are good,1
mohanpersadh somaroo : better to buy the coins and more power up with levels in different places,1
mooniapillay keshaven : wonderfully a very good free to play game with great graphic i recommend it,1
max freya : it is so fun i played it once on my friends tablet and now im hooked,1
diamond vlogs and games : its awesome great games adds are not a problem to me and should be number one,0
georgia davis : i love this and it is a little addicting but u wont get addicted right away,1
sukki : very cool love it accept maybe u should add different levels,1
dhruv sharma : absolutely stunning brings thrill and peace of mind at the same time love,1
this game a lot,1
jordan myers : if he secondhand handy shirt intact yeah pa luff tenn is weed,1
dom : a great way to get away from the world and escape into a different sense of life,1
switzerland mk 2 : one of the best games i have ever played and it has a great art style,1
rahmatullah januar : at this workart amazing absoloutely,1
juan macias : this game is hard af no joke but its really fun,1
gireesan puthiyedath : the best mobile game in the world it has really soothing music the graphics is unbelievable,1
harland richards : this is the funnest game ever you get to do wacky but fun missions,1
jam music : this game is fun it really takes my mind of time you should play it,1
aryan manral : i love this game so much that i fin shed all label in 3 month,1
a google user : its good i like it but little more graphics would make it much better,1
mj : i love this game sooo much! it's beautiful and never lags or anything!,1
pacita lubid : this is the very best game app i've ever downloaded!!! it is relaxing to,1
watch and hear! the graphics and controls are good and accurate. it's worth,1
the storage of my phone.. hehehe,1
m0nlight : it's so cool game awesome game and great graphic,1
barbara dimic : beautifully designed,1
nitya chauhan : please don't download this game,1
a google user : i love this game!it teaches young kids to have farther limits.,1
kerttu saksi : it's getting really boring quite quickly,1
wade wilson : this game is awesome and i will call it one of the best games i've ever played,1
alton tuominen : this game is calming,1
alex hargenrader : i opens now,1
homer : oy,1
alora sieglock : wouldn't load on my device,1
vanessa de haro : this game is like 2k live it is #lit,1
noobs noobs : i could imagine that i am in a room by myself sleeping with that music i "loved the music",1
ajinkya sawarkar : a nice awesome game . i like to play it .,1
amit pandya : this game is so relaxing. nice work guys.,1
putra nirbana : this is my favorite game,1
tyrone : those graphics,1
legend - agario and more : it is very good and awesome for the ones who made this,1
bleda tasci : this is a great app with great graphics,1
mellow mike : i love this game i can not stop playing it ! keep up the good work noodlecake studios,1
11d20raunak arun : no words. just a stupid game,1
tekhylon armour : i loved this game could play it all day everyday,1
ken : the graphic is awesome. the game is simple but never getting bored.,1
goku san : worst game don't know why people like this,1
a google user : the best game and is the perfect and a capable game to be a nominee for a trophy and a very good editors choice game,1
aishath maharath : awesome game also really addictive i play this game like every day,1
james eon santiago : why graphics good night cycle good brightness good rate awesomeness,1
a google user : brilliant! simple,1
manjinder sandhu : my favourite game my good is very helful of my work,1
jyothi khare : it is great i loved it still the revival are expensive,1
mettrix boy : this game is like the best relaxing game i played in my whole game life the music is mostly the relaxing part of the game,1
- dhillon : amazing game i have ever played.its graphics are cool the way to represent the game is realy cool,1
a google user : people should say this often bless your little tarter suace,1
crystal rodriguez : i love this game soooooooooo much plz let it have a multipleplayer,1
dominic goetz : this game is so cool i play it day and night,1
a google user : the best is the game is free on android versions and animations smoothness are awesome,1
mohamed jasim : i can bealive it because the jumping skills,1
nathaniel oakwood : awesome game so great that i cant put it in one sentence,1
billy quinlan : definitely deserves 5 stars is amazing and i love it,1
rohan roy : refreshes the mood and makes you feel good and enjoyable,1
anmol : i can play this all day,1
dante : great game very addictive but good way to pass time,1
naleli motaung : i think this gonna be the best gameplay ever,1
giorgi tsintsadze : fun game but little bit hard i can say,1
terencia panghulan : i love there so much nice graphics,1
math_maker brooo : please add some more scenic background and the characteristic music,1
abin rajan : download it now man please,1
magesticgoat 09 : its really great but just the characters arent good,1
fuzzy titan : i loved the game well worth it,1
daniel kharbangar : a really good game for passing time and love the background music,1
claudette mathador : il this is the best game i ever played it just like the ordinal,1
shawn kendall : hi this game is fun because it dose not need any antat,1
naveen tej : it is quiet awesome but need something more i thought,1
reinis rudzitis : the grapichs ar realy good and the art stile is cool,1
heather holub : it is just lovey the sun is awesome and the music sounds so simple and calm,1
jyothi rmayi : the game is just so peacefull and is also very interesting,1
lj r0b100 : zen mode lets me think and clear my head,1
kaiden candler : love this game play it 24 7 good job keep it up,1
distqnt vibez : loved it full on great game but make it a little more challenging,1
ajay teja : amezing soo relaxi am not stopped to play to dis game,1
carlos drake : i would have to write a whole essay to describe how good this game is,1
preeti shetty : and i play it i wil say awesome to the game,1
pranav palve : t uh fy red grand prize good,1
vikas gharawala : love the game but i wish they had more missions,1
bibhudatta sahoo : simply calm and awesome you can feel the peace as well as thrill,1
yazad damania : simple yet beautiful graphics that will just calm you down,1
michael williams : was really good i give it 4 stars because of adding ads,1
pegupegu sir : but looking for more characters in future updates,1
derek jernigan : this game is better than a camp out at a nascar race,1
jose joseph : very good awesome but compared to 8 ball pool not,1
taj hyderabadi family restaurant : the best game of 2015 i have ever played,1
a google user : cool fun me when u am in school playing on my phone,1
falaniko pesamino : it has cool adventures and its a time killer,1
pieandcheese 101 : nice and relaxing graphics are great and gamelan hard yet very fun,1
paola sanchez : love to play on the road it keeps me on my toes and entertained,1
a google user : this is an amazing game and i recommend anyone to try it at least once,1
axel mchd : what the other million that rated 5 stars said,1
a google user : very addictive game excellent graphics keep making games like this,1
ranekaka ranekaka : awesome very cooooooooooooooooooooool it amzing for playing in iphone6 plus,1
j kmb : app addictive i can never stop playing,1
talha ali : its make me to think about my childhood i love itsoooooooooo,1
a google user : plzz update this game with some new character or place with other soundtrack,1
shri pal kutar : game is so cool all that arts and animations used are great,1
well played who? : i just finish my adventure and all achievement huhu,1
jonas sargusa : could let u go faster but otherwise pretty good,1
arg [ajay reddy] : awesome just keep up the good work waiting for altos oddesey,1
shakeel ahmed : this game is awesome i loved it and make some more games like this,1
adhilesh adhi : this is a good game for time pass i like it very much,1
jesus rodriguez : i absolutely love this game the sunset is beautiful and the conrols are easy to use,1
shane malcolm : maybe a daily reward or something new but love it,1
shawn simmons : i like how it goes for day to night the graphic excellent,1
ankit badwal : game very nice but only backflip no more stunt,1
cameron morgan : cool characters but need to make the better ones faster,1
alvin aries : those music and graphic makes me fell relax and comfartable,1
rizwana sajid : this is challenging if someone is reading this comment please purchase this app,1
alex hellewell : i think that this app is amazing wonderful game play and sweet controls,1
manish chauhan : its good game everything is perfect great job done by you,1
dollar bill : this game is good and is about a deathdifying person that wants to have fun,1
benji awilijandara : amazing zen game for anyone who wants to relax and have a good time,1
fawn hanks : reminds me of another game that has the same good graphics,1
faizan bilal : it is cool and i like it so much,1
sarthak shahasane : very good grafics love it very much an adventures game,1
naithen garcia : i love im about to download it and i use to play it on m y cusuins phone,1
a google user : one of the best games i have played in last 20 years,1
rocky rollers : the game is awesome the grafics are nice and the buttons are cool too,1
hari vanshi : very relaxing and peaceful game with gorgeous soundtrack i absolutely love,1
it,1
shikha anoop : i loved its a great game wow beautiful,1
gw : i love this game because you can play it without wifi,1
vinny b : the game is really fun it is a great way to use your freetime,1
sheila talbot : no game over just no word so amazing,1
anusya kannan : this game is very speed and great time pass,1
clay walden : looking for a new game to play well here you go,1
anwar shaikh : super snow boarding nice game and it change day and night,1
raghul senthil kumar : the music and the changing phases of the day take the game close to the heart,1
ethan rocks18 : great graphics i wish there were more games like this,1
thenatbat : everybody needs to play this game it is challenging and a great time killer,1
jase fox : was very good hope to see more games as entertaining as this one,1
ksharma satyanarayan : i love this game i love this game it is amazing game that we have to collect the coins from the upper hills downhills so i love this gam,1
sanjit kolaprath : the thing with this game is....the music is better than the games itself!,1
gabrial jugjali : i am trying this game becouse i seen a video named top 10 2016 games i see it so i am trying it,1
a google user : you could make a better jump and it could use a few more shop rewards like a better jump and a like a few second jet pack,1
a google user : this game calms me down it's gorgeous and i can play for hours,1
har ish : the excellent game i have ever seen in the world . great music,1
matt duke : i'm stuck in level 32. i complete the "wingsuit for 200m in one run",1
oshikir : try you will love and im not a robot,1
a google user : a game with a woderfull graphics and a fab gameplay could be according to,1
me one of the best games till created,1
logan clark : love this game cool backgrounds and action packed at the same time love it,1
supreme god : it would be so cool if u could do stuff like costomize ur carachter and voard,1
zareen fatima : this game is amazing and its graphics r too awesome,1
anandhu nair : this game is awesome i really enjoy playing it its one of the few games i have completed overall it is fun,1
amal lal : the background music touched my heart a lot....... and superb ever...... must play game in the world..... it beats all other games..... you will definetly like this.... developers please add more adventures..... i will wait,1
shakkar : it doesn't work on my phone,0
celestialfn : the game is good but i'm sure that you can get better!!!,1
alex hesterchuk : fun? check. gorgeous art style? check. progression? check. never ending fun? check. is it great? oh yeah check. buy it now... wait... it's free? why are you still here start playing!,1
a google user : great way to spend time in the car or plane when travelling!!,0
james centeno : the first time i try this game is on iphones the game was very good specially the graphics is best!,1
victor daniel : i love that the game is simple and breathtakingly awesome. i also love the zen mode,1
a google user : no words to say its brilliant,1
yassir gf : desecrated: x,1
augustus worthen : not all that great it keep freezing.,1
kawaii pikmin ghdfygu : do you think you can fix the blockheads and make it compatible with all devices including my divice plz,1
albert gaming : its nice i give 5rates because of the hard worj put in the game,1
robert mills : love it all i can say is i love it but a bit to big,1
ashutosh malviya : games nowadays have a very matching story lines but this ones different and also graphics are great,1
abhinav sharma : awesome game if u guys wanna spend sum time with peace u should install it,1
tony carpenter : very well put together game the art is spectacular and the game is overall tranquil,1
darren ka : great graphics calm music just an amazing and beautiful game and i hope there is more games just like this,1
raghuraman b : happy we to you vasantha should talk with you get at slipper betting,1
swaaaze yt : the graphics are amazing! good future ahead of it!,1
a google user : i really like this app! it's entertaining,1
tiago cabrita : fun and addictive plus a great look and style to make it work to perfection,1
mimi b : i love this game i've been playing it since i was 10 years old i love the graphics,1
mitul : nic game but game will need more levels and more outfit of player and powerups,1
pritam sah : realistic and nice graphics but gameplay is somewhat boring.,1
abodi alsallom : great graphic amazing natural snowy environment its really great but i hope in the next update will be a story not free playing and some optimisations,1
mayank sharma : this game is same like other running games but it consists some different goals which are amazing and gives an awesome joy and experience of play,1
jithin lowrence : very nice game,1
jill selby : i love this game! i really want alto's odyssey! please make it for android systems!!!,1
a google user : i've been searching for games to have time pass its the perfect game for me,1
ibrahim awan : it is gorgeous. i loved it it is most adventurous game that i have ever seen,1
a google user : amazing! but need few changes in graphics!,0
a google user : i am still downloading it but my father has it and its good,1
a google user : not able to install on my device.saying insufficient storage,1
jessica : the music is very soothing and the graphics are amazing,1
preman insyaf : speechless,1
eli sheppard : such a beautiful game but i think new characters should be more accessible !,1
rebbapragada ramakrishna : it is an awesome game that i had ever played. and th graphics are awesome ...:-d,1
ashish j : a great game graphics superb ......... as a genetic gamer i would suggest this type of game for a perfect liesure period,1
ashley and logan bolton : it's good but the night makes it hard to see,1
a google user : this game is very additive i like this game very much when the stage odessy,1
come it will more great,1
cristian calugareanu : best platformer game ever i finished the game and it s so awesome pls add more characters pls,1
cam bpx : i play this game 5 days,1
a google user : it's really fun i found it from my brother and it's just really good,1
mohammad hadi : one of the best games on playstore dreamy music and graphics style,1
fantastic concepts and ideas everything is perfect,1
roger barstow : omg u love it it has amazing views awsome make more like that,1
rowe alex : over all its a really great game but can there at least be coins over the rocks,1
a google user : it it so good it would be cool if you could play online but i love it,1
as gamers : i love this game very much no ads quite challenging adventurous loved it,1
darren gunawan : so many good graphics and it is offline this the greatest game i have ever seen,1
prachi dadwal : awesome i love this game and its control are better than all the games i had download till now,1
riptidee : i love the scenery but it would be nice if yu could make your own maps,1
peter horvat : it takes to long to instal which however it looks really good and its a game that has future,1
blen fmg : looks neat like an actual ios app which is great hopefully te game is too,1
the views are mine : it is the best game in my opinion i got an android and it was free unlike the iphone version,1
meh man : pretty good game nice graphics could have improved on the smoothness overall amazing and worth playing,1
fusion team blasted : a very good graphic game nice and relaxing not boring full tp,1
rajendran k : it has great graphics and it is a lot addictive luv it and would like if more games this releases,1
ronnie rungerson : so cool saw matt play it awesome game yo ten stars my thought,1
preston m. : its a piece of artistry that relaxes and soothes the mind while also providing you excellent gameplay,1
b g : i'm feeling depressed after playing this game,1
a google user : this is a fun fun andwhen i mean fu i mean a very fun game,1
saravanan vinu : good to play a adventure game like dis,1
jonathan lester : every time i try it stops out of nowhere and i know that my phone has space! fix this!!!!!!!!!,1
nagachaitanya vankapati : i have been playing this from 2016,1
satish chandra maddela : interested to play this game and not at all boring always rockzzzz this game,1
deepesh babade : one of the best games you'll ever play !,1
a google user : the game has stunning graphics with gradual increase in difficulty.,0
teddy bear : we demand more graphics like this.,1
samantha j. : absolutely love this game! the artwork and animation are beautiful.,1
dawson atkins : so relaxing. it reminds me a lot of monument valley in this aspect.,1
a google user : the game is so interesting in the first view all thinks it was a very simple and boring game but when you play you addict of this,0
ahamed sharief : i didn't play it but i can say by people's choice,1
reese besanez : i really love this game (that's all i can say),1
a1mond m1lk : relaxing,1
joseph payne : everything from the gameplay to the music. it was fun and relaxing.,1
pranav kandke : awesome graphics some drawbacks bt game is good,1
skylight : this is a really good game i love this i recommend this to everyone!,1
jhaybee : cool looking graphics,1
hannah schnau : i loved watching him play and now i have the fun myself!,1
subir das : good game but some issues over all it is goood.,1
a google user : this games got a great vibe to it. its fun to play and i find it relaxing.,1
holly riley : well i haven't played it but i've skiing irl...so you know just get this app,1
cioccolata : this is one of the best games i played in phone,1
ganesh kumar : the games out of the world man !its fricking good!,1
gabonki mahole : this game has good songs and so cool,1
taswin kumar : its data worthy awsm graphics in less data un believable,1
pitbull master : the graphics are amazing the game play is so smooth everything about this game is amazing,1
rohit foujdar : this game is great time killer i love this game so much,1
sanjeev siwach : i love this game very much the graphic is very good thank you for this game,1
elijah wilson : it is such a good game i encourage everyone to try this game,1
cho santana : you are interested please let me know,1
indu santhanam : this game is so relaxing and has a very nice music,1
valorybtw : the game is so so nice i could play forever,1
sourav debnath : i feel very relax while playing this game,1
enzo bonayon : i wish i have lots of games like this its sooooo relaxing,1
auxiliary insanity : this is the best game to play on your free time when your at work or school,1
sarat sinha : i just wanted to let you know that i will be in the office tomorrow,1
msa music : i love this game for its graphic and sound quality,1
sanket mithbavkar : game is look likr ski safari but graphics is perfect,1
bernardo garcia : it was awesome so smooth soothing relaxing and cool moves,1
a google user : i loved it so much i play it everyday thanks for making it,1
tamal sau : loved d game nd definitely the calm soothing music,1
ashwin's phone : really awesome game the graphics are outstanding i love the minimalistic look of the game,1
qori v : very simple and beauty visual on this game like a moment in live,1
peanutbutter p.i.e : there category of games are really simple but really awesome,1
alima : i absolutely love this game i play it all the time and recommend downloading it,1
tiwana lewis : hi i think the game is pretty good but i still love it,1
the pro gamer yo : it's worth it. ... trust me. :),1
kylamusic : i used to play all the time,1
liz cervenka : i love the design and graphics of the game,1
nikita raihanah : its boringgg,1
a google user : i hated the logo ofnthe game,1
robert musis : like the slow motions and the powers and all,0
a google user : loved this game no words to describe,1
lady lyn : this game makes me cry,1
mdios : this game is a great stress reliever,1
aqeel abid : i am addicted of this game,1
kotcherlagurumurthy reddy : change some things think new,1
rehan khan khan : not runs properly on my device,1
zach mangold : i wish there was more challenges,1
alex thurkettle : i loved this game and still do,1
srinivas murugan : too many glitches in the game,1
julian estevez : it takes a long time to download it,1
some guy : this game sucks its garbage,1
k.k. choong : another clone and run of the mill game,1
rajni saxena : a very much bad game,1
sam jebas : same as above,1
jamie cohrt : made my htc m9 overheat,1
toti za : my dad beat me because of this,1
fernandez jons : the challenges are crazy,1
schees1 schees : it us too dark,1
anshul sharma : best game ever plzzz try firstly played this on my ios device then on my android really loved it nice game,1
a google user : one of the most shittiest game ever siiiikkke best game,1
a google user : i love the music and love how they made it realistic whit the detaild back ground i think they made a grate job creating this game,0
a google user : a stress relief game..everyone should try this!,1
nilay karmokar : just the thing i love ... great atmosphere....peace ...no hurry to complete,1
objective... relaxing....and just breathtaking soundtrack....,1
a google user : very good game i think that this game is the 2017 best game i loved very much these game,1
facesist : best graphics so fair that i have seen!!,1
owlfonso : from the title itself of my review it's wonderful. the music,1
aditya jadhav : it is an awesome time consuming game and addictive at the same time,1
a google user : i lost all my progress. shame,1
barbara gray : i love it because it has snow and my kids kids love snow,1
yukta singh : that is a good game and its graphics is also very nice and its control also,1
nice,1
sanjay sanjay : bad romance you have any questions about my feelings and emotions that is so good and bad times a year ago today we are going to bed soon,0
the jammicus : perfect. i don't have any other words for it.,1
raphael alexander : favorite endless runner on the store. zen mode is so peaceful and relaxing.,1
keith craigie : nice game with pretty graphics but how is this not a rip of ski safari? plus it doesn't play as smoothly.,1
a google user : is good but it will be more good if u show the face of character,1
phoenix winchester : love this app. it's is a must download. this game tells a story tom me. last time i played this app was when it only had 10 downloads and now it has 5 million,1
koushik sengupta : damn its about time !!,1
drew : great game and runs very smooth.,1
pimchanok bunnak : simple but joyful. this game is absolute well-designed.,1
andres felipe : it's awesome,1
lena : the quality is amazingly and the effects got me spechless,1
trai sharp : so stress reliving and i love the backflips,1
anjan majumder : best relaxing game,1
ghost : best game with best graphics and so addictive that i left playing all my,1
games after i played this game,1
the king : nice gane bole to sabhi download kro super gsne dhuma pad game nice music,1
very lovely music,1
a google user : there is no laging no like a bunch of adds it is just a really good game when you get broed,0
riot : the game was great,1
kevin soh : the screen goes off by itself after long period of skating without touching......,0
anonymous 123 : well it is so-so but i like it,1
xtremeplaya2332 : yo make more games like this one please its so cool!!!and also respond me! :d,1
alise tilaka : great graphics and characters. fun for adults and for kids.,1
dhruv rathod : no words for the game that much awesome,1
leighton garcia : this game looks really fun,1
caroline dib : i really like it it is very addictive i would recommend it,1
soleio de leon : this is the best game app i ever download,1
kynan corlett : my brother loves it and i tried it and it was so addictive and amazing,1
vikash srivastava : i literally loved it it also has great graphics,1
mhandy ropal : yes!!it's addictive and has a great graphics so probably download this app you won't regret! so thank you for the developer for a sush a wonderful app!,1
dominga hernandes : thanks for making this really good game. :d,1
shivang mishra : one of the best games i've ever played on mobile .,1
surya babu : very good game ever i playaed nice music relaxing gorgeous,1
shiv prakash sharma : great stuff good stress burster if you are in a stress play it,1
musashi kaneko : great graphics,1
a google user : i like it and it's fun to play!,1
paul gillett : it got a bit repetative but it's a really good game,1
isabella insert smiley face here : i don't know how but i really like this game.,1
yashwanth bh : i generally don't make reviews but this game made me to write a description,1
paige : seriously love this game for the graphics and the music / sounds. i wish you had an mp3 of just the music!,1
a google user : it's a super game play it,1
a google user : i like the game's concept,1
ammar elnour : why won't it dounloud dum,1
power of gaming : it's sound and graphics are super it's an amazing game,1
rishabh jaiswal : it hangs rarely on my samsung j7 but a drastic game i ever played............,1
gabriel : basically ski safari but with less fun.,1
jubi31 : it keeps on glitching,1
coy sawyer : i love this game so much it's probably my favorite game so far,1
karan vansia : ads are terrible and they shut down game.,0
diwani james : it's good,1
sarah roach : lovely i really like the graphics and the concept!! very addicting.,1
sohan srisurya : very very interesting "amazing mind blowing fantic super" game,1
vinay kumar s : very good condition with all adventure game nice,1
timothy-jared williams : relaxing game,1
shivnarayan brahma : i personally love the game..very much,1
narendra k c : awesome music..magnificent scenery..oh i love the theme of skating all day and night especially in the rain..oh inspiring game..i wish we would have life of alto...,1
sunil sinha : great game..great music . 6 stars out of 5,1
simo ans : i really love the art style of it,1
jayed khan : when i being bored,1
avinash yadav : it's not so good,1
vijaymurali rm : its a great game .i loved it and addicted,1
jonathan calhoun : out of all the games i have ever downloaded and played,1
darren adenuga : best on game you can get when your offline,1
darwin talampas : its very relaxing to play..5 stars,1
a google user : it's very nice game i really lovvvved it,1
lily : love it so much. it is also very relaxing.,1
neeraj krishna r : i love this game,1
jordan lee : let me put this simply: graphics: awesome,1
vihan shepherd : after some time i am get bor bt over all the game is good for time pass,1
chris martinez : i really love how there is no violence in the game plus wait never mind i hate this,1
idrxp. ty : this is the best game in the world i want to play it for the rest of my life even when i die,1
santosh soni : wow please download this game i loved it this was amazing i cleared his 100000000levels,1
krishana chouhan : again a best unity game and i am a big fan of unity games its again addictive,1
haley carcelli : its the second best sport game ive ever played,1
a google user : this game is the most exciting game i hve ever played thank u for making,1
this gme,1
yeet yeet : they really did an electrifying job on this game please make more games like this,1
game secrets channel : this game is so good so awesome i love this game i love to play this game i think you play all my friends,1
romario mitchell : this is so amazing if i could sit and play this game whole day i would,1
a google user : awesomeness it simple but complex at the same time and it keeps you occupied and wanting to keep going,1
yaqeen sheikh : graphically great but could use a little more stories but over all beautiful and stunning,1
a google user : this game has such great graphics its soo calm and soothing,1
hrishav ranjan : graphics and gameplay are awesome but it gets kind of repeatitive,1
angelo bunker : really fun game,1
kishore kumar : good wheather graphics and it's addictive to play you know it's very awesome,1
kawaiipanda tv : never die or die really fun to play,1
the inquisitive one : sweet real-life physics and the graphics are great.,1
a google user : its music keeps us to fell relax,1
bum fuque : nice game... really enjoyed the subtlety of the controls and the amazing gameplay,1
a google user : it makes me relaxing maybe you should make more new maps but i only have a little problem but all of that i liked it,0
nihal sandadi : it's a nice endless runner with amazing physics.,1
arunprasanth : it's one of the best games i've ever played,1
sean connell : epic game,1
jason hart : this game is very fun and helps pass time.,1
kiath henderson : i played this for the first time in fred myers and i loved it!!!,1
the internet officer : havent played it yet looks chill lit.,1
prateek : waited too long for this game and finally it's available,1
joremirey 05 : calm peaceful does not stop this is the games of realxing,1
tudor williams : it's a super fun game that is very enjoyable yet so simple,1
kumarjit banerjee : it's an awesome game with cool graphics !!,1
the squid : in the game there are so many characters to choose and the best part is trying to get the awesome last character but to be honest once you get the best character it gets boring,0
a google user : it is a great game. also bueatiful graphics!,1
a google user : this game is superb i really love to play this game it's very addictive,1
mike beecham : i like the mucis it's risisking,1
dab dab dab dab dab dab dab dab dab dab dab dab : a very fun game with a great art style and fun and addicting gameplay,1
a google user : i really like it because it's really nice.,1
titan monkey : great it's even better than the other similar games.,1
a google user : beautiful graphics,1
povilas : this game is for playng when you don't know what to play,1
bidyadhar majhi : it's a perfect game.mobile game should have simple 2d graphics.loved it.,1
crypto dc : very very very great music i heard in this game. this is heart touching music and game is great and graphic also,1
reynaldo cabral : this game is da best game in the world. u should really download it!!!!,1
taiwo richard ogundipe : good graphics... and fun to play,1
aswin wilson : great experience. awesome gameplay nice graphics ,1
,1
vachaspati mishra : superb game and soothing setting and music...great for relaxation,1
whoissudhir : how can you not like this p.s can i be a beta tester:),1
sam pubgm : one of the best game i played in my life it is such a realxing game i wonder if i lived a life like alto no worriez no pressure beatutiful scenery awsm weathers traditional laamas,1
a google user : amazing game ever played ,1
yaseen khan : govt high school maneri bala swabi....,1
saransh bhargava : excellent gameplay. smooth,1
jon kinzler : game mechanics sucked.,1
a google user : no words are their to say anything about this game ...,1
dylan cain : such a fun game to pass the time during school!!,1
briam alvarado : good game! i like the soundtrack on this game! very good,1
a google user : while playing it's background music makes me so... interested in playing. i can't just say about this in these simple words.. plzzzz.. download,1
graham ives : one of the most fun games i've played.,1
godjyfh dfhsuosoa : it's great fub to play with.,1
mary wanjiru : it's a cool game. i loved the graphics,1
joshua huerta a : one of the best games i've ever played,1
a google user : my grandmother love this game,1
atreus the destroyer : this game is so good and is a peaceful game to just play when you just want to sit down and want to relax and play a good snowboarding game,1
a google user : i started playing this game from its early build although there was bugs i contiuned playing its becase its so fun cant stop after starting it,1
andrea corona : soothing and beautiful,1
asadullah khan : loved this game...the graphics are awesome and the music is cool and relaxing,1
calvin pummel : beautiful,1
shin 13 : force close on my phone,1
sonu jaiswal : a soothing music with nice graphics and gameplay....no doubt why it's editors choice....the best mobile game i've played,1
goggle assistant : found a bug that the ice graphics quality is going down overtime.,1
supershen10 : a beautifuly designed game. good job!,1
kshitij ingle : i loved the artwork and the experience.,1
agniv saikia : no words for it. just a beautiful,1
a google user : totally great! i love this adventurous game!,1
maymon sarnicula : wew awesome good 4 you theres funny game its a superman!!! lol!,1
jerald bulos : doesn't ask for your money constantly.,1
nihaal singh : 5 stars are something it deserves.,1
a m : its very relaxing. and the graphics were amazing.,1
mariyah lowden : not my kind of game. very pretty and challenging.,1
a google user : i loved this game and i recommend it to everyone.,1
lsz : this is probably the best apps ever!,1
alex bluebell : let me tell you this.... i just lub the zen mode. usually games do not work properly after an update but this...omg! the music is so tempting...you cannot resist it. mesmerizing. charming. beautiful. please do download it.,0
syeda naveera : best advanture game i have ever played !!! really awesome :) everything is so perfect about it <3,1
sudhir kumar behera : loved to jump.it's a nice game to play,1
scorpink tattoos : i like this game..everyone should play,1
kushal gera : very awesome game. love to play it .,1
omar correa : you will love this game,1
machina : fabulous game. awesome graphics. good sound etc,1
abigail king : addicting and fun and great graphics and calming and cool and yup,1
tarun joarder : i want in next update will be the alto will be skating in space and lans in a planet,1
inub : great art style love the way this game looks and the theme and the changing weather and day cycle,1
poke awsome : i like it alto there is nothing wrong with it and i really liked how it is good on phones,1
a google user : i really like how if you need to you can just put the game down at any,0
moment,1
water_nibba : sooo much fun plus on iphone its paying but for android its free such is very convineint,1
messiah status: alive : it was a very good game and the characters were not bad i give it 4 stars,1
emily pearson : the graphics were beautiful just the right lighting to make you feel like you are in a cozy cabin,1
a google user : this game is awesome best game i played it a long time very deep soulful game it has that something to it,1
victor gonzalez : it is awsom my sitor is the beast at this game,1
juzztin bieber : good i like it but is little bit stuck,1
ashirbaad nath : some is there in game means interesting,1
shyamal dowarah : the main gameplay music is more relaxing than the zen,1
my cricket yard : yar isme sirf ak shadow hi h kha se h ye adventure game ye adventure game nhi h,1
bianca janet : nice game to pass the time. lovely visuals and music.,1
a google user : i just love the game.. it is interesting game to play,1
a google user : its a betuful game i the game cool it is beutu fil.,1
lamaine ceesay : best snow game i played it on iphone it was good it's alpine themed doing and so m snowboarders!!!!!,1
a google user : what a silly game is this,1
gandhi benitez : great graphics and best for kids and adults alike. :),1
ryan dailey : this game is simple but over the top detailed giving a calming and addicting feel to it.,1
a google user : it's so beautiful! graphics,1
owen brand : no words can describe it,1
a google user : i love this game,1
mashood maqsood : so nice,1
pay gill : it is fun when you are bored.,1
mohammed hafeez : this is addictive game ever i love it thanks for it!,1
varun singh : mind blowing and addictive game of all time. best game i have ever played,1
alex rojco : the graphics are so cool,1
aon khan : very impressive graphics and audio effects ...,1
jess : i'm addicted! i love this game so much!,1
a google user : one thing is it dosent work on nook,0
zen_san : i loved it ...the best game offline,1
shivanand banakar : it is very good game i ever seen!!!!! i like this so much i don't want sleep as i playing this game,1
world's youngest magician s : a game that i have played and enjoy mind it noo dlecake studios i need version 2 of this game,1
a google user : he game is the greatest i love this game i play it on my personal phone all the time great job,1
hackerops : this is perfect game for every one i love it for every phone,1
naresh : this game graphics is very cool smoothly to play very fantastic game this,1
game is very amezing,1
mattie brink : so much fun. very addicting,1
christy john jacob : this game is among few games that i have liked very much. the music is soothing and beautiful....graphics is very good....and an overall time killer...i prefer it,1
a google user : i love this game..it was so amazing and relaxing..this is offline game best,1
day ever..tq..alto's adventure better than mobile legends : bang bang..,1
felix : super repitive. same thing over and over again,1
souvik chattapadhyay : can't explain how much i love this game.,1
a google user : its a goodngame good gameplay and good graphics its my fav,1
mohamed moideen k.a. : it is good i can spend my time with this,1
zap sceptor : this game is dope and first game like this on play store recommended,1
sarah s : the music and the calmness is just so relexaling,1
siddu raj : we love this game of all time because this is the best game for fun,1
andrew rodriguez : this game i amazing i can bealive how cool this game is keep it up,1
kunal shah : its a wate nd to waste tme nd data,1
sujan thapa : thanks bro for making this game because its good and always be good,1
shamraiz khan : this is very fantastic game five stars,1
isham zulfi : the nostalgic feel gives you a cool feel and smooth gameplay,1
a b : i really like the adventure in this game and the nice background,1
varma tirumalaraju : you gonna enjoy the music and feel peace of mind,1
deepu jose : graphics us very good and very aditive game must try,1
johnrome the gamer : very cool cool than other snow games,1
frances marie : its the best game ever in app store its really perfect,1
nisarg patel : great graphics and very superp game i like it very much,1
a google user : very nice to play with this game i suggest you to download the game,1
diptiranjan panda : the game is fantastic and crazy and i love the game too much,1
raja ali : this is very amazing game because we are in snowboard,1
raccoons are aliens : this is so beautiful and i love playing it its so addicting and calming,1
artisticrock lover : this game is so cool so fun and addicting love it,1
teo perez : when i played i was so in love with the game,1
cash eyles : my brother showed me this game it is so fun,1
joshua davis : this game is so much fun and the graphics are so beautiful,1
gaming king : beautifull and relaxing music and a game for mind refreshing,1
lisa lewis : the best,1
shashank jadhav : brain relaxing game the theme of this game is very nice,1
jevaughn scott : omg omg i love this sooi much plz make more games,1
ashley mcguire : nice game i love your game and it is so fun to play,1
kenny tay : this game is a great game to play when your relaxed,1
y h singh : best game good graphics good gameplay zen mode is great,1
deepthi prince : with awesome graphics and theme this a good game,1
darkstalker kings : wow amazing i am so glad that i got the game,1
asanga jayalath : this game has very great graphics and very funny,1
oxydrip xoxo : i really love the game play developer great job on the game,1
a google user : it is epic yall should play this it so cool background is epic,1
a google user : dis game is so cool n nice,1
bhu bhu : best game of adventure great graphics . great control .,1
a google user : it is q very nice game i can play this game full day very nice graphics,1
a google user : it sucks and i was a lot of my own personal trainer and i have you can be a good luck with a good luck,1
souvik das : one of the best mobile games i've ever played.,1
a google user : great game. it's really good and easy controls,1
ansu limbu : i really love it's animation. well a nice game,1
a google user : this is a really great game to play. #loved it,1
ron 670 : add more various locations like add more scenery and more stuff but a really great game,1
a google user : some might not hate it but...... haters gonna hate,0
chaitanya kadiyal : what a relaxing game and music in zen mode.. i love it!!,1
lukas martinek : really fun game,1
xxultrabryanxx bruh i pooped : it's fun to play when you go out or something.,1
d- freestyles! : i love this game super to play!,1
rem hiam : simply the best looking game ever on a mobile sooo relaxing and full of fun download it right now go on what are you waiting for,1
a google user : no comment just want to say the game is stunning,1
erine x : i loved it its like shadow fight and vector,1
a google user : sweet,1
raydogg healy : it fun great graphics .challenging .,1
prashant jha : best game for ever for me till now great graphics in the game including seasons great app please add update to this game,1
wild vixen : beautiful story,1
sreejith k nair : art at it's best with a soothing music.,1
arachno ron : chess,1
ashik hossain : great game to play with listening amusing background music...loved it,1
yunus poonawala : good graphics,1
ayden garcia : awesome one of the best apps ever can they make it were you press left side,1
of screen to do a backflip and press the right side of the screen to,1
frontflip,1
baby prathap : good mini game but boring back ground.try different backgrounds,1
mohammed momadi : it's awesome,1
jones : and i barley ever rate or comment,1
sahil bhardwaj : stunning visuals along with good gameplay,1
milen person : i love the game it's awesome,1
athene hall : this game is easy to use,1
shubham shah : tribute to makers of game.it soothes when a person is in worry.,1
des o. : it's very fun with beautiful graphics.,1
starrina pickett : it's very awesome and you have to practice.,1
chetan huria : the older version was good . but new version isn't as expected.,1
abdul basith rizni : what is the use of this,1
a google user : i played it before then i install it after 2years from now :d i miss this,1
game,1
ankit limkar : this game is nice. i liked the graphics most.,1
james paul : i love it and the game itself is awesome but i just want one thing a story line bc if it had a story line the game would be more exciting and more awesome,1
clash on youtube hindi : ok dear both of u on duty or off the last many days in kishtwar with my dad and same to u dear,0
a google user : i think everything is rlly good but the graphics aren't good enough,1
varsha gelod : it's an absolute bliss to play this game.,1
tino : stunning graphics and awesome gameplay! good job!,1
rejo thomas : a very beautiful game with a good graphics and a good music really worth 5 star it deserves it........... appreciating team members for creating this game...,1
veniamin novikov : very good music,1
nimisha shah : liked it !plus superb graphics,1
apollo remus : it's relaxing but exciting at the same time.,1
victoria godines : nice look,1
gamer guy : i was so amazed ussally i hate games like this,1
noah seckington : bit repetitive but god it's a beautiful game.,1
joseph aranas : it is not dark in the night even if your brithness is low and it does not bug i love this game,1
a google user : very bad don't install it any one,0
carolina fisher : i'd love a live wallpaper of this game!,1
froilan buyco : thanks .. for this game i like it soo much,1
trazznotfound : hi i don't think that is life,1
dhananjay sathyan : great game recomend to download i it,1
a google user : amazing game runs smooth on 4.4.2,1
aus : viry nice game..fun to play,1
neeraj neer : lovely game ,1
bryce smith : rated 5 stars because noodlecake. i approve.,1
a google user : flabbergasted. so cool and fun,1
k alnory : every single time you fall you have to watch a 30 second video...yea...um no thanks,1
noor ali : its an amazing game ,1
ritik jain : this game is very bad,1
william steve blalock : boring and the same over and over,0
beverly dixon : it was not fun it was stressful,1
mr fox : i love it super fun game great app its going to go on my favorite list. get this app now!!!!,1
omkar prabhu : nonsence don't take this game,1
rishav majumder : calm,1
kishore amanchi : awesome game excellent music&graphics i'm completed the game,1
vishal yadav : the music,1
a google user : the graphics are great and i enjoyed playing the,1
shivam garg : it is nice but loose data after uninstall,1
caleb barkesa : great game full of fun,1
a google user : so bad it shows only error error,0
shadow deep : ausome game,1
yagnesh chainy : it's charming. controls are great. gives a sense of calmness. overall it's awesome,1
great gamer0216 : love this game alms me down and good for stress,1
aditya das : stunning visuals,1
nathan : addictive and fun game,1
fantastic.,1
a google user : fun it's so fun that's all i can say,1
prince : best game i played. and great music.,1
fahim shihab shan : enjoyed it,1
marc morales : awesome game.. i recommend downloading it,1
bimla gulia : the game is quite good,1
shivam bajpai : awesome graphics,1
ashika wickramasinghe : this game is so attractive and relaxing . the grapics are like real great!,1
mothafar abusamak : this is just an addicting game its so well formed and you waste your time playin it without knowing,1
galih : nice. loved the graphics,1
janet cena : thank you for this game this game makes me relaxed when im stressed ..,1
nina riley : this game is so addictive and sometimes i get mad at it and want to throw my phone across the room but other than that i love this game,1
_ frupo _ : i love how games on the appstore cost money and here the dont ;),1
william barrett : addicting,1
kuldeep papnoee : i saw in the world of game,1
jonathan taljaard : i havent played it yet,1
mukadam mukadam : what kind of stupid game iz it,1
rohit sinha : it s. a cool and relaxing game. love the gameplay and graphics.,1
a google user : although i uninstalled it. but this is a great game. no doubt,1
yashvi jain : good game but not the best game,1
lucifer the fallen one : can't stop my fingers,1
ju hann : it's pretty calm,1
chaz : very pretty game. other than that,1
chase : so cool. and really good gaming.,1
arunlal baby : love this game.,1
a google user : beautiful,1
hare krishna : it's fun,1
ian hutchings : the scenery looks beautiful,1
ashray sharma : amazing,1
bella aguilar : awesome game for challenges to see who gets the farthest.,1
gamer's paradise : just awesome game.beautiful music.nice scenery's.very good graphics,1
sekoi henry : the art is amazing the music is good ! this game is amazing !,1
shashi kant : really amazzzzzzzing game i had ever played it makes us peaceful and calm,1
jagadish hibare : a lovely game i had ever played it feels like living in dream land,1
william moore : beautiful game play graphics are amazing and people keep making games like,1
this so nice,1
iyiade somorin : wonderful beautiful graphics and love songs also different from other games in this category,1
srinvas kumar : it is full off intresting nd grphics and stunts in whole the game,1
niko lopez : i was so happy when i saw this game came to android because it used to be only apple products,1
tanjana's drawing academy : i love this game so very much because it has wonderful grafix,1
zahra abdi : its so fun i play this game with friends and just the best adventure in your kife,1
mdmohit dhaliya : this game is cool and run fast in my samsung galaxy note n5100 tab,1
toxic - jay : nice clean graphics and zen mode omg great way to pass the time,1
ozwald c : i liked it a lot this runs in low requirements at good fps this is my favourite,1
nobody beeswax : i think you should buy it becouse its the best game ever and good graphics,1
a google user : awesome game dude this is call a real adventure i suggest it to play all,1
across the world,1
lee dg : this game is super fun to play on my samsung galaxy a3 and the graphics are incredible,1
stephanie w : i think it is great even my little cousin loved it keep up the good work,1
muhammad ahmad usman : a simple idra which enjoys us alot better than other gamea im impressed,1
the golden flag ! : this is a good 2d game for kids to play,1
dajoiy : great game and it would be even more great if you added taliyah from league of legends,1
crushed cornboll gaming : as a game it has high graphics and it gives relax i want to salute the person who made it,1
mohamad shaaban : excellent game but after playing it for a month it really needs more adventures,1
u cute : this game has such calm music that it well make you fall asleep xd,1
sankalp waghmare : loved it comletely i love games similar to this app actually i m mad fr them,1
a google user : the game grapics are really nice.i loved it.,1
a google user : i love this game but there are some people says that it is not good i want,1
say something about them is unki ma ............,1
dikota sewap : oh my god i love this game,1
carson b : great game good to unwind with download#!,1
anshu kumar : i lost all my progess in game i was in lvl 26 and when i reinstall it it started with lvl 1 plz help,1
ajeeth phrassanna : a worthy game after so long!,1
gary saint : calming and exhilarating,1
ghost 616 : great game to play when you are super bored.,1
sanjay mayekar : it's the best game in the whole world.,1
fredd quimby : i never miss this game everyday just addicted..,1
morgan rowe : i play this when stressed,1
suman hero : nice game and i liked music very much. thank.you .,1
ben g : amazing gampleay,1
autumn mason : tricky game but a good one,1
aditya sawant : amazing game! simple graphics. never ending game!,1
a google user : top offline game i have ever played..,1
alexander ramirez : best chill game ever.,1
arupon sarkar : looks great on my moto g,1
vito kekin : graphic's are the best. in this game they are the heart,1
kapala lipesh : beautiful music wish to have autoplay mode,1
daniel miller : great relaxing game with crazy good graphics,1
javithur rahman : great music... feels like flying through nature.... gd graphics,1
bop - : my channel where i play this game but also other games.,1
paresh balwani : i hated this game because very slow ...****** bakwaas*****guonzerolmnsadgxhikdescj,1
biraj gurung : a really good gaming experience with beautiful scenery and graphics.,1
game jimenez : i love it becuase of the adventure and the animals too.,1
b lacasse : watch video isn't working anymore,0
malobika sikder : loved it best gameplay,1
mla aakash : the graphics are amazing and very good game...,1
a google user : alto is an adventurous game (fun with spirit/a purpose),1
marcos urelio : incredible artwork,1
andrew laird : this game is a great time waster and is very fun.,1
debashish mishra : start playing and you cannot stop.,1
jaydon t : it's no nice there's a story inside,1
danny k : amazing game,1
mikey russo : it's one of the best adventure games ever!,1
abhishek pandey : worst game to give your precious time .,1
enza alkazi : doctors everywhere. this game is fot you!,1
hariprasad m.s : nice background score and excellent graphics ...,1
yujio : great game..i really love the sounds the music and the background,1
aritro roy : one of the best games in the play store right now.,1
a google user : very good game and also muisic is also good i loved it...keep it up,1
guys.thank you.,1
a google user : its a fun game.all the characters are kool loved it!,1
midhun mohanan : i loved it very much.download and play.,1
aaron lavela : it has beautiful background and beautiful music and beautiful gameplay its heaven well done i loved it,1
shradha agarwal : the most beautiful and soothing game that exists on playstore. in love with this.,1
a google user : good graphics.soundtrack is nice . i realy realy love this game.,1
uwu direwolf : it's so addictive i love it it's so peaceful,1
john ivan gonzales : one of the most beautiful minimalist games everr!,1
a google user : it is addictive !its worth the download.,1
antarin ray : love this game.the music is so peaceful.,1
soren clutter : perfect,1
spudsruts : it's a good time killing game that is very addictive,1
a google user : great and challenging. i couldn't put it down,1
aale nabi : very lovely music and nice gameplay ;jhakkkkkkasss!,1
stevi mays : you can do frontflips you should get this game it is great for kids,1
a google user : this game is very good game wht a graphics i love it wow download and enjoy,1
ithis game download and comment,1
taylor reeves : its a game that has simple gameplay but the devolpers but lots of time into it which i really love,1
emily : best game i ever played!!!! what do u players think??? great isn't it? omg i could just use one word to describe this... 'great'!!,1
asad ullah : this is the bets game.great combination with challenging and relaxing at,1
the same time,1
big d : i love this game so much it keeps me consternated and i would love it if,1
you guys made more games like it,1
a google user : great game. i love the minimalistic look and this game is both entertaining,1
and relaxing.,1
rango n : nice game! the music and the background are very relaxing,1
joseph holder : fabulous game and i'm very happy that the sequel is ou for android,1
badr bendriss : i just see the photo !!!! and i well try this game,1
a google user : pretty cool! kind of gliches but its cool!(~;,1
pete wacker : i really like the music and the dear in the game. it is so relaxing!,1
vinny : i didnt know it would be this fun,1
vibhav bhangare : i really this game is very very nice... please play this game for enjoy,1
dee hin : ...sounds like an apple commercial. will rate higher if game is better,1
olivia sanford : no problems with it,1
feroz ahmad : i play this because of its relaxing music. nice game.,1
srj : great graphics and addictive and best in all things,1
luke dro : great game,1
faizaan salim : it's really simple to play and rather addictive.,1
aryav mehta : tooo cool game and great graphic..,1
rahul kumar jha : it's simple gameplay makes it a joy to pick and play immediately,1
cedrick villorante : because the 1st time i played it,1
al qayyam : i like it tooo much.good graphics.good control system.i love it.relaxing,1
and enjoying.,1
aniket das : good game for time pass ..,1
ravi k : this game is very good. it suits to elders and kids.,1
snubish snub : i loooooooove this game,1
a google user : it isreally good but like ounce a month it glitches.,1
aidan supergamer : there's no adds and it's a great time killer,1
mutti eh : i love everything about this.its wo calming and comforting.,1
mohit dhingra : game failed to installed my device is running on 5.1.1,1
tanya rohatgi : love to play it anytime..it help me to relax!,1
suneet rawat : amazing graphics.,1
sam baete : beautiful graphics,1
roy thomas : it is an awesome ,1
jasper luis escalona : this game is so relaxing because the music and it is so addictive game,1
a google user : i love this game so much i think it is amazing and so much fun,1
protodom 2006 : i like the graphics and this is the only game i like in 2016,1
a google user : its butifull game and and so calm game and loved it so much,1
a google user : the game is very good and its addictive its just amazing game,1
aliyah galeana : i love how when im bord i can play something other than going outside p.s. om lazy if ya cant tell,1
a google user : not so good but,1
aviral gupta : the game is truly mesmerising....the scenery of the game is beautiful and sound track ...a work of art.,0
nasrolla zainal : i love this game and so relaxing too so i love it,1
a google user : it is a good game if you want to download any game then download it....,1
jesus gomez : y'all need to download this game for real it's lit,1
bennyboy broloudsky : gud way to kill time and addictive at the same time.,1
jahid hajare liton hajare : goods verymuch be able little more about our website specialising have been made redundant i think i love this product also banging,1
a google user : its an amazing game i have ever played..,1
xmastablitz 721 : a very fun and addicting game! 10 'otta 10!,1
sufy : the best game ever. thats all i can say.,1
shubham gaikwad : cool game with relaxing music...good stress-reliever and graphics are soothing...!!! keep it up..!!!,1
raga vendran : simple ,1
akshay syal : good game & best graphics,1
mylo cano : my child love very much in playing this game :),1
sinah kerepi : best game ever....oh and thumbs up for the graphics.,1
sam oiooiooo : incredible !,1
potayh : this is relaxing and a bit addictive/fun. perfection!,1
william barnhart : great game,1
mrh apon : when i feel alone. and i need something to motivate then i play this game,1
jackson hicks : fun game! would highly reccomend.,1
mustfain tariq : good game and brilliant graphics just better than others!!!!,1
insamam illyas : love this game developers and i have a sugession at night the rocks which is present in the scene could not be seen some times plz fix this,1
mac jay : its fun and i love the background music but it could use a little more like new outfits and new places to go skiing,1
mayank abhishek : as beautiful and simplistic as it gets,1
swapnil limje : best game ever played in my life till now,1
andy woodburn : very pretty but gameplay is seriously lacking...,1
a google user : but also very repetitive...,1
rohinth m : this is called as the game. superb. life is like this game,1
aadil shaikh : gr8 graphics . smooth game play and well designed .,1
a google user : best game its relaxing,1
frem patalinghug : still the best,1
a google user : a very excelent and nice game.,1
martin guerrero : well if you don't get it then you're a dumbass,1
khalid hasan : it's really very cool game i ever seen,1
shivam varshney : music is so serene and relaxing,1
rj clarke : one of the most beautiful mobile games ever made.,1
sandeep pramanik : i really liked this game .good graphics and control.,1
nikhil birari : amazing music. beautiful game ! just cant keep my phone down...,1
yt pro : that's just i wanna say,1
andy dowd : decent game,1
tae tae : it is the way to you to be addictive in this game....,1
richard pinedo : very good,1
mistervaliant : been waiting for the release for so long....but finally its here on android....thank u a lot devs.,0
nit ish : very nice game,1
kshitij saxena : the soundtrack just gets you sometimes. addictive game.,1
matthew woodfork : not too easy and gives me a challenge,1
bated tech : it's very calming and relaxing.,1
l a : very relaxing. easy play. beautiful graphics. great music.,1
ak thegamer : adictive and nice also good graphics loved it,1
pauline sutgrey : i love this game it's the best!,1
asnawi amer : i like playing this game!,1
jesus desaad : great game,1
a google user : awesome time killer. download this!,1
axon a : it's just amazing and addictive.,1
john cena : this game its the best game i've ever played.,1
2oo11ao157 raashid syed : absolutely brilliant and satisfying game i have ever played..,1
toasty : i'm not going to sure that you have a great,1
kadir nokay : best game i have ever played on my android.,1
i m umit : it's very good adventure game i like it,1
michael brown : good graphics,1
snuggle : pops up with the name and immediately crashes.,1
kalmia cranley : thisis a fun games that u would keep playing but not the best thing in the world i still love it though,1
saketh nani : i love playing thiz game it's suprb....i can't stop playing thizz game,1
awg zaki : the game is not responding,1
creatively insane : the game really diserves 5 stars rating...,1
bhuvan sharma : i cant leave my phone while playing it...,1
ezra budiman : soothing atmosphere,1
the disgruntled workman : a charming and relaxing adventure with a massively addicting gameplay loop.,1
a google user : ultra good game with dangerous graphics ;),1
rujul mhatre : its amazing gameplay. wow. graphics are just cool. wo wo wo. cool game,1
yung savage : can you add more characters please,1
courtney snelling : very nice game,1
a google user : its music is so much sweet. i love this game,1
bidhin raj : this game deserved being an editors choice.,1
star : simple and beautiful. one of my favorite games to ever play.,1
chakrapani kakumani : a pleasent game. and the music is fabulous. fantastic,1
avinash goswami : omg...best one everyone like it too much..best sound and graphics,1
a google user : well its a good game i like it its so easy to learn and fun i have play this game 1 year back before and i still got interested in this game and i hope u will like it thanks,1
shiva rahul - 338 : it is an amazing game .easy controls.fantastic background very very interesting game it is .,1
floringx : best app in the world but i dont love night but this is awesome!,1
royal entertainment : it's an awesome amazing work of founder which help to keep calm,1
vnmx rafi : an amazing game that gives you a comfort and relaxation.,1
fernando corrales : its good,1
deadpool : please add something more to the game !!! i really want some more gadgets !!,1
a google user : this game is awesome i can't stand it.,1
vedang vaidya : it is not able to install it is not working i download ed and wasted100 mb on this it says installing and then it stop s,1
kalidass : great graphics and great end less game ever,1
armand oberholzer : awe download this game,1
amrit lama : its is very beautiful game,1
faiz tahseen : i love this game extremely. this game everything perfect .,1
neeraj gupta : amazing no comparison with any other games .at the top of it,1
benjamin hartlieb : easy and fun to play.,1
rajesh pabari : it's a nice game but the control is 3.3,1
netanel abramzon : one word describes the game; beautiful.,1
tristan alindajao : it's an awesome game to play and really perfect for me,1
julia kingston : my dad has it and he won't get off it,1
wigipy : it's a great game you also play,1
rogue teal : i love it better than pac-man,1
joshua perez : totally amazed by the work in this game.,1
tom sinkinson : absolutely,1
a google user : love it it's awesome it's like vector 2,1
seth uhl : this is my favorite game to play and it is sooooooo pretty!!!,1
shivam taneja : first of the few to download this game and tbh i was not disappointed:),0
a google user : this game is good,1
muhammad shahwaiz khan : i just think it's a really great game with an awesome control,1
a google user : the best ,1
a google user : what a fantastic game . i love this game very much .,1
yup that's me : very well thought out and executed brilliant work!,1
mongoose munchie : but should add more,1
lee davis : this game was well worth the download. great game!,1
ayoub tlidi : it's sucks ,1
julian starkey : great in every way accept sometimes the controls don't respond,0
ernest acosta : i mastered the art of the game it will be nice to do it again.,1
a google user : it's so amazing thank you for making this game i love it so much...,1
alexander fewtrell : it's a great endless runner with amazing graphics,1
a google user : beautiful graphics,1
a google user : great game. easy to learn with cool minimalist graphics.,1
siddineni. mohit : game designing is very nice..nd shld be thr sme levls..,1
isaac goble : it looks so good even on my old phone.,1
sefo : i think its an o.p game. simple but fun,1
a google user : it's really good game but not than ios,1
daymion harris : very fun and pretty addicting,1
khalid ayyub : fun to play and very addictive. great game.,1
hugo romer : never glitches,1
saurav sur : nice interface but too small objects,1
dawood chughtai : great simple and immersive graphics.,1
luvlysuckss : this game has never ending beauty from the sunsets to the sunrises this game is honestly one of the most vivid mobile games i have ever played,1
chloe furse : i love the graphics,1
a google user : i played it a long time.,1
sammey dos santos : good game.. love the graphics.. everyone should have this game,1
muhammad shah : great graphic and addictive,1
anglangthou khaling : addictive,1
tsunayoshi sawada : endless snowboarding.so fast and what a nice graphics.,1
tom millsopp : fantastic to look at,1
ha nguyen : good graphic.i love the music the most.the gameplay is good everything is great,1
sam kloock : this game is easy,1
ryan scamell : i like the way h,1
cl0ud : this game can calm your mind,1
alok kumar : seriously guys download this right now,1
thierry agbanu : it is very nice,1
justin lloyd : a truly beautifully made game! well done,1
ceramicbulletcasings : i had i on my old phone!beat game ever!,1
vadim litvak : alto's adventure is a great game with great levels and characters.,1
kako jan : i love your game very much it is soooooooooooooo. awesome,1
subash chakma : this game is relaxing and the music,1
fikon : noodlecake studios did an awesome job. keep the perfect work.,1
sheetal oza : the game is super duper happy for her and i will try my hardest not to bad,1
snippershot17 s : this is an amazing game with its easy controls and amazing graphics.,1
anime islife : no words can describe this game..,1
runu lokam : its a great game...i am very addictive to htid game.,1
vladimir stanisic : this is wonderful,1
micha stolarczyk : can't wait for alto's odyssey for android,1
naderabegum ruma : well it's pretty good! thanks for the game.,1
akshay kadam : this game has great graphic.,1
craig botnen : it's awesome and i think you should try it,1
tyrah broadnax : it is fun to play when i'm board,1
sonu sil : a very soothing game.a good pass time game,1
jordan seb : love.the graphics are so stylish and the system is fluid great job,1
michael p. : so what? the llamas keep disappearing magically. the rocks are quite hard to avoid. good effort.,1
manjeet singh : loved every bit of it,1
francis roberts : everything a simple mobile game should be. recommended to anyone.,1
ashok rahangdale : good music. and adventurous. i like it.,1
christopher oropel : my girlfriend love this game very much that's why i redownload it,1
pradeep turukmane : amazing graphics,1
a google user : i loved this game it was calming and relaxing with really great graphics.,1
hari k : i like this game a lot... the world is so beautiful and the sound is quite unique to hear.,1
daniel hoelzeman : i've always loved this game. fun,1
crocus kadwara : i think this is a nice game. it's realy a good game .,1
sara jana : if u start playing this game u cannot off because it's a fin game,1
heidi peterson : cant stop playing,1
dr sri harshini : loved d graphics n music!,1
mazhar ahmad : makes me cry and sleepy... that's why i love it,1
ahmad zein : amazing graphics and music and ambiance,1
alex alexakis : easy game,1
roshni rana : it's so cool and great graphics,1
bandit el bandito : amazing graphics i cant explain how good it was,1
anand anand : nice and superb .... nice graphics and controool loved it very much,1
!!##!! : it is a bit different than other games...i really can't say why..but all ik,1
is its great!!,1
a google user : just out of the cosmos game... best ever graphic and background music... really addictive game... just love it and want a sequel.,1
maxie luciano the killer nerd : this is cool i like to play it because it is his adventure!,1
ali asgher : loved it! an awesome game i suggest evrybody to download it,1
robin hossain : one hell of an awesome game! great work devs,1
mo. the damn geek : i feel relax ,1
sunny mirza : it was an amazing adventure and a good way to pass time.,1
oluwashinor mustapha : the game is cool and i love the graphics and the ambience of the game.,1
certified insane : best game to play ,1
dhruv nain : great game of this type i have never experienced that type of game :d,1
a google user : i love this,1
t-toons : played this a month. its adventurous and has cool graphics,1
xplosivegamer427 : the graphics are great but when u unlock the fourth person it glitches..........alot.,0
suraj jha : it'a an amazing game with an awesome music.,1
nirav nayani : awesome graphics,1
jediassassin xvi : this is a must have for all the people who love good graphics!,1
abin varkey : i think im in love ! with the game,1
harpreet ventures : very basic game,1
cabir bansal : its just awesome game ! nd addictive too,1
abhinav jha : super soothing music and excellent minimalistic graphics to go with it !,1
wyatt maw : it has very good game play,1
prem sai : nice game with nice music,1
dilip teron : brilliant i love this app it has good graphics,1
gabriel odono : nice game for kids good gameplay easy,1
silvius2010 : a great little game with relaxing music,1
annonamyass : cool game and nice music,1
layne cook : it is super fun and it has good graphics,1
a google user : super fantastic game ever must download,1
md afshan : good graphics and simple,1
emmanuel jean : the game has very good graphics and is fun.,1
vo ok : amazing game,1
destin d : i think it's a cool game for me ....n plz upload cool downhill domination ..with full .n etc,1
mr swaggerific : game ever......i just can't believe what i played it's amazing,1
azahel esquivel : there is a game that is the same as it is called @winter adventure but @alto's adventures is better,1
black artz : one problem. it's to good so i'ma sue y'all for that's.,1
beyond expressions : add more different scenery for the game!!!,1
debaditya bhattacharya : it's very good i really like it.,1
shreya chatterjee : excellent graphic.best game i have ever played..,1
peyton williams : it is fun but it gets boring.,1
luke durant : it really gets good when you're izel,1
a google user : very nice game in the world or not mumm ,1
manas mats : the game is superb. just please add new tricks,1
ken xyz : love this game,1
hightekiller0 : it's so fun,1
beyonce thousand : i love how the background changes every often.,1
renz patrick valdez : it's so fun games forever edi wow,1
wingogameing cv : i love this game its one of my favorite's,1
q : this is an amazing game you can pour hours into.,1
erik girona : i can not get enough of this game!!!,1
express : i just love the background music that's why i play it all the time,1
tydell gafford : it's great. good graphics and everything,1
a google user : very good and relaxing game i loved it,1
reece crooks : also if you don't have roblox have it,1
enaia : this game is awesome 11/10 best game ever,1
a google user : it is a very fun game to play,1
bootygoderek : graphics are nice,1
james e. nichols : it's a good looking game. coin doubler should disable ads,1
sauradeep das : this game is really relaxing ..try it everyone.,1
a google user : amazing game and great music please launch altos odessey's,1
couper bates : it is a good time killer and has nice,1
rohan chatter : this game definitely deserves 5 star rating.,1
a google user : it is one of the best games i've ever played,1
kami kave : i love the sounds this game is great,1
hardiyan k. ramadhan : beautiful art behind this game,1
joaquin diestro : i lllllove it so much it's fun as hell,1
abhishek patel : the tune is very relaxing. i love it,1
zandy krkovski : the best i've ever played,1
pisi lay : it's cool to play,1
mikhile hendricks coetzee : it's the best game l have,1
shefat shefat : great game ever i played.,1
a google user : i love it's graphics and music it was well designed game,1
that 1 : really fun and addictive game,1
mahmoud amr : in my opinion,1
ps sh : it reminds me of osmos that i use to play back in 2011,1
brennan cook : the calmest most relaxing game i've ever played,1
a google user : have not tried yet but the reviews are great and so do the video,0
bikhyathdjk subedi : cool game but some problems,1
awaid rafaqat : brilliant gameplay with good graphics and beautiful soothing properties,1
hello breezy : this game is really cool and has good graphics,1
tark patel : osm game with great graphics nad lots on enjoyment,1
sidharth s : the gaming xperience is awesome simply fantastic!!!!,1
rekha arun : world class game loved it a lot!,1
ahmad dawara : one of the best games ever made!,1
_hazemwasel_ : the graphics are amazing i didn't see a game in it this graphics,1
aditya singh : the art style is amazing.its voice and tone is very relaxing,1
anubhav sangal : the music is simply amazing. gives them feels,1
mohamed eltayeib : by far the greatest graphics i seen on a game. love it,1
prince delta : one of the best satisfying games . the music too is pleasing .,1
jackson yon : this game has excellent graphics and i love it. would suggest.,1
monke : this is such a great game and can be challanging,1
umar farooq : super alto i really like this game...,1
the revenger : i love to play this game . it is just awesome .,1
frankie maddara : epic game,1
willow park : super fun,1
abhishek dwivedi : very nice game . i love this game !,1
nifal ahmed : very beautiful,1
augustus francis : beautiful. smooth. visually stunning. amazing art,1
debarghya mondal : you like skate games.it is the best game for you,1
imad abid : the graphic is perfect and also the music,1
shaheen mohamed : wonderfully shows how time changing. more interesting,1
siphonfire : really good time killer and is relaxing to play in general.,1
mohammad golam mowla shimul : great game to play and also relaxing with using headphone.,1
silas baker : it's the best game i ever played on the phone,1
maria gutierrez : i love it this is a hame to relax your mind,1
faze.i : it's really fun game and have simple controls,1
pogz pogi : it's very nice and the music too,1
random shit : this is awesome i would rate it 25/10 love it,1
a google user : it,1
sajjad ahmed : tell us what you think,1
chandra kumar : it's graphic is so small,1
ahmed sayyad : never thought this game would this amazing!!! <3,1
a google user : this is so fun lol,1
maxi : this game is nice,1
a google user : its fun,1
jose soberon : i like the sex part at the end,1
mohammad rayean : great graphics,1
jithin kumar : music of this game is so stunning..outstanding game..after playing i thought i was alto..,1
make america great again : amazing game which relaxes the soul. love it and recommend this game for everyone.,1
shiva kumar : it's cool but need to have a few vehicles for alto,0
a google user : ok it's very oosam game to play in free time,1
archana gupta : i can only say that try this,1
hari krishna : it is very good game i love it's graphics,1
yeni batista : cool,1
a eldemire : very cool,1
a google user : great graphics good game very nice pls download it!,1
stephanie f : very good,1
elijah miles : just an amazing game,1
rtb. : how i do not know but i love it,1
jose rodriguez : amazing it is a really fun and challenging game,1
a google user : whatever it is,1
game. excited for alto's odyssey,1
alisha naira : i love this game. the design and the music is very nice,1
giovanni navarrete : it a little simple game you can play with when you're bored,1
dr.debrup sadhukhan : i have been waiting for this game since last year........awesome game.....proud to be 2nd android user to download this,0
view : this is hands down the best game i've ever played,1
aidan pantoya : this is far better than ski safari. very relaxing,1
ghulam mohiuddin : it is an adventure game. it is so much addictive.....try out another game,1
rahul jajoria : i've played this game and i've completed it good game,1
koushik poolla : very few games are visually as beautiful as this one.,1
ophelia ayoub : great music good graphics it's a good game,1
ashwani kumar gautam : one of the best time killing,1
vishnu lal : completed all level and really enjoyed...,1
a google user : love the music in the game...soo peaceful,1
daisyhaemi : i love it so much i am absolutely in love!!,1
daniel d cruze : one of the best game i have ever played.,1
riz : very simple but yet very beautiful game.,1
himanshu verma : its too good,1
naman mahant : this game is amazing . try now this game,1
dev goswami : this is most awesome game i ever played.,1
fatin isa : it's cool and give me relaxing when play this game,1
joshua corbin : i love the art and the music of the game.,1
jim horton : addictive as soon as you start. anyone will stick with it,1
jessica hall : i absulutly love it cant get better than that,1
a google user : this game is so fun and addictive and there hasnt really been any issues when im playing i reccomend this game to everyone super fun,1
donnie : amazing game! it's relaxing and enjoying,1
nihar nair : feels great to play. this is what gaming engines were made for.,1
munira mohamed : o i can skii!!! and jump over buildings and phone lines...am a super skii guy,1
ritesh rajan : everything is nice and music is the best i loved it,1
a google user : awesome thank you so much for a good game!!!,1
the.akadianiq : the music us fantastic ... it's take you to another world,1
rahaf al balushi : i like it so much it's my favourite game,1
tushan kavinga : it's a nice game..you must play it,1
andrew samir : i love this game god job guys for making this game,1
kiran khatri : world lose game i have never played this game waste game,1
wister 27 : nice day and night setting. soundtrack sounds emotionally noice.,1
neeta dhuri : one of the best games ever .very relaxing and meditational game.,1
soumen sahoo : the melody song makes me stop the game and just listen to it!!,1
mamta bisht : can't stop while playing,1
emmanuella gtp : relaxing and so calm~ graphic is amazing! i give u a hundred stars!!,1
yash aggarwal : never get bored while playing this game.,1
a google user : outstanding game and you 'll never get bored,1
janed warr : such a good game i can't stop playing it,1
paras singh : this is the best and also a pleasure giving game!!,1
simar preet : music and synriyes best and game hard and smoothly,1
a google user : grear graphics relaxing overall best game ever i am really satisfied,1
a google user : when i fist looked at the game i thought it was a we are typical games that you would just go and try to do the challenges and everything when i got into it i saw the zen part of it i just loved it the music and the arts sound just the way the game is it all just goes together really i gave the same five star rating on a highly recommend you play it,0
felicia grice : i love it i think i'm the second person to download,1
a google user : this game is good and i love this game there was so much adventure in this game and that was download very fast in normal speed i like this game gun i was very happy to run this game loo,1
rajiv sheyli : best game till now. don't wait. install it. better than ski safari,1
alaska joy : love this game keep up the good work,1
rahul hans : just need more visibility in night,1
dinesh chandra : nice game ntg more to say about it,1
mrmandarin : i just wanted a game that looks very good and this is it,1
jalen willis : just looking at this game it is good,1
shantachow 9294 : very good awsome game must play offline,1
edward wong : one of the best games as an app,1
a google user : awesome because you can make cool stunts,1
abdulrahman najjar : it is a good game and the graphics are great,1
sap gaming : the music makes you want to sleep,1
a google user : best game ever loved it so cool gameplay,1
fikri tulus : a great way to spend time,1
wanda mccoy : addicting love it no time must contiune playing,1
laza5k t3pka : the game is alright i kind of like ir,1
smash di o'connel : just a beautiful game with amazing controls and a fun narrative,1
lotus delance : very easy game but has a good challenge,1
bru mlg : it is so cool,1
metodi aleksov : this game is pure art i love it,1
dharma teja kolla : wow it is a time pass game but wonder ful,1
jd dixn : this game makes me calm i love,1
mohamed frazil : i love maya and alto because it is a good game,1
not str0ngs 0_0 : its da best best game for pros,1
brenda sanchez : backflips take too long but its fine,1
debasish sen : the music of the game is awesome and also very relaxing,1
a google user : great game but gets hard and also fun,1
romona green : its a addictive game that youll want to play everyday,1
nathan lindell : an overall amazing looking game with easy controls,1
poppy dooleyy : brillant game takes only a couple of minutes to download,1
sritej talla : do some more energy levels to the skate board,1
akash deep dey : fantastic game after finishing all levels uninstalled,0
chaos : i love this game more then my girlfriend,1
asus zenfone : that so very soft i like it relaxing,1
ram sharma : its nice better then onther games,1
tuxf : the graphics and momebtum are stunning 5 stars for everything,1
jquan haynes : peaceful it comes your mind a relaxing fun game,1
shakthi bala : a zen like game which is both fun and stimulating,1
a google user : so good i think it is most additive game,1
tornado tanner : awesome one of the best games looks so real,1
sahil sahil : its so beautiful game i m loved it,1
vasya andrushka : nice game and i think this guy is super badsome awesome,1
thomas vas : one of be best games i have ever played,1
a google user : nice endless game we all friends love it,1
minakshi rajoriya : it is good but you should add an online mode,1
nadim khan : it nice game nd gud locations,1
a google user : realy good graphics very relaxing game too,1
stoowy cool : good but my you tube channel is beter,1
angel jay durola : really loved it specially the zen mode,1
akuzam : the sound and the graphic makes me feel calm,1
ismail kmj : game that make me feel relaxing and no stress,1
eduardo delgado : alto is a fun game and i play with it every time,1
heba sharif : just love this game graphics music very beautiful,1
brandon caro : it is the best you should download it right away,1
courdin nelson-scaggs : it was really fun and a great time killer,1
liam hall : do you want to taste my balls,1
anish sil : thrilling experience good background music,1
joe cairns : with great smooth graphics,1
ashish vaidya : this is one of the most realistic game and it is fabulous graphics,1
senkai : this is a nice relaxing game and i think it is a must have,1
pinsara sasika aluthge : its a superb game i ever playin my life,1
jai mewar : the best game i have ever played,1
anaya broussard : this is a really fun game to play great job,1
a google user : you guys are smart it was spectacular in many different ways,1
pallavi ranganadh : the best game i have ever played,1
ki ki : its pretty adictive and i perfer you to playit,1
king penpen : hall of fame game fr,1
jaquavius flores : best game ever in my life,1
matthew wells : still my favorite mobile game of all time,1
a google user : this is so beautiful game i ever seen of life,1
a google user : they should have a lava surfing dlc,0
issac estrada : this game is way better than subway surfers,1
john tsai : one of the most addicting games,1
shailendra singh : nice l have no problem in this game,1
ajinkya andraskar : good but need some skill abilities improvement,1
meetu kashyap : the creation is never expected to be this arcade y,1
dank bird : i really love the graphics and it is also a time killer,1
nivek ollitsac : it is so awesome and a lot more good,1
accepted able : i think this is the best game on the app store tbh,1
kimberly fitts : such an awesome game love the picture,1
talha : good game with awesome graphics and the gameplay is very smooth,1
satheeshkumar tv : the best game ever made,1
the sonis : the best game i have ever played,1
roopesh sanu : lot of game with the same theme,1
ashley vancise : awesome game and i will play it all the time,1
mason rhinehart : i love this game so much,1
gamer 4 ever : this is best addictive game ever,1
jenny the weirdo 00 : good art great graphics awesome game,1
hannah gabiana : this is so good even twaimz loves it,1
hemasagar raju : enjoyed well nd had a time pass,1
a google user : it is a awesome game i have ever played,1
bryson carter : so addicting could never put it down,1
virendra baria : controls should be work proper way,0
joe phillips : it is the best game iv ever played and coolest,1
a google user : it is a wonderful adventure game i ever played,1
daniel craig : beautiful game that is all i can say it is just awesome,1
hunter demars : amazing the music is relaxing i love it u guys rocked,1
batingal kean andrew : this is so very extreme and beautiful game,1
luis bello : my car fast but i drive slower,1
michaela schulz : beauty amazing nothing more i can say wow,1
anirban das : it is cool indeed looking forward for more updates,1
sajeev pk : the best game l have ever played,1
juicy hellabread : this game should be in strange adiction,1
a google user : it was not like other games,1
kelsey knight : even know i watched the trailer i like it already,1
mayank rai : great game nice music great background images,1
sree hari : this game is awesome than i thought,1
raju sk : i love you so much baby thanks,1
ammulu sweety : good game and nice music it deserves 5 stars,1
daniel/jepiniser338 ramirez : this was my favorite game when i was little,1
a google user : only if it could offer hot pockets,1
chaitu 12345 : works so smoothly best game ever played,1
nicolly ribeiro : thia the best game i play in my life,1
kishan chouhan : beautiful game and background look,1
a google user : best game that i had ever played,1
izaiah cathey : very cool you should make a vr set,1
tia sutch : its a great game it one of the only ones i have,1
togood 18 : the best game ive ever had,1
coghi : best game ever cool music too,1
vera fahmi : but this grafick not bad haha,1
jahangir alam : very cool game just waiting for alto odyssey,1
nathan shank : the graphics r great an it is really soothing to play,1
hb ic : it is awesome because you get to jump a lot,1
a google user : i love it background music is awesome so addictive,1
james scott : so glad it made it to android,1
md javed : excellent game and background music is awesome good work,1
saucy boy : i think they should make a 2nd one,1
ratan barai : the first time i play a nice game,1
a google user : this game has good graphics and is relaxing,1
camerons. layne571 : cool adventure game lots of good objectives,1
mukund : a very nice game for passing your time,1
wolf gang : i love everything about this app or game its the bets,1
xxarab gamerxx : the game is so good you have to try it,1
things you can not see clan : i love the amazing graphics and soothing background music,1
na'shaun shegog : this game is great and i play all the time,1
okey ogum : love the music but it need a front flip button,1
a google user : love this game is super entertaining to me and my family,1
benjamin burling : amazing game and great time user and addictive,1
papa tool : good game and very fun to play,1
a google user : i think your game is gona be fun to play,1
thomas hux : nice smooth gameplay needs some improvement tho,1
william caraway : this is the best game that has music,1
kayla hilty : its a really good game and its so cool,1
naga srinivasu r : perfect for adventure lovers,1
joo joo : this game is i love very much,1
cedric mathews : add some flying and then tour good,1
zahir williams : this game is so fun to play,1
thanveer ahmed : thank u for the maker,1
klejdi harizaj : i really love this game,1
jesse ruiz : its easy and fun,1
ngamburiro kavari : amazing on ios and android great game,1
jasmine hudspeth : so much details and very beautiful backgrounds,1
sriman narain : wonderful game wit nice animation s and cartoons,1
karan pandey : to the makers of the most incredible game ever,1
issac chandy : this is the best game that i have ever played,1
sherlyn ang : this is soooo fun and amazing get this app now,1
noobhacker 101 : nice l like but need some improvement,1
a google user : you should make like a prize wining games,1
a google user : its very fun anb i love snow boarding,1
aymen saqib : this has good advertisement and i love this game,1
charlie savage : i recommend this game for people that like free runners,1
budi matuwi : and so colorful,1
asim obaidullah : its on the display iphone 7s at best buy,1
gabriel adame : really addicting game but so fun to play,1
kamlesh kailas joshi : awesome game you must download before see,1
nihil : you need to add more stuff,1
get beaned 360 : most beautiful game ive ever seen,1
indira naik : best game ever seen but add multiplayer,1
syabil oh : it great and easy to play,1
a google user : its fun and its makes not bord,1
deepan deepu : nice graphic but need more action,1
bini nazir : i loved it its a very adventure game,1
yohan gayatin drs : you should download this game its so fun,1
a google user : all game liovers will love it,1
a google user : i think is it the best game forever wooooo,1
bishal dasgupta : even before playing it i love it so much,1
ashton davis : the game is so relaxing especially zen mode,1
maya church cruz : so nice played this at the apple store and it is awesome,1
a google user : altos adventure is ok but it needs boss levels,1
sudhansu sekhar patra : superb game you can also enjoy it friends,1
lakshay kumar : best graphics nice playing fun,1
every things - : i am from iraq this nice game,1
a google user : one of the best games i have ever played,1
mu : what time do you want to have the best,1
azem pasha : loved it so much some good graphics in this game,1
stephen vanswaringen : it is the best game i have ever downloaded,1
rajesh mysetla : the game is awesome to play with own friends,1
mo celtic bioman : not a bad game it needs more to it,1
sayyed gauss : a soothing experience to eyes and mind,1
dylan borgula : this game is fun to play on any device of choice,1
babyyypluto : fun and easy to play try it out,1
tracie sygulla : its my best game friend forever,1
doodleboy : its awsome its fun for my kids too,1
a google user : this is the shittiest game ever,1
satyam choudhary : i love the sounds :d,1
jamie balanag : the game is so awesome:3,1
shashikant raval : its cool game,1
zion nash : it's very fun to play,1
guy miranda : it's so fun and cool,1
a google user : very very nice game man.,1
sushma chandna : it is very tv good game,1
jarod mcgray : its an amazing good graphic game!,1
yan-rong jiang : alto and his friends are so cute!,1
maddie corbett : i think it is the best game ever!,1
chxron - : fun and very addicting,1
a google user : gud,1
usman shahid : i love this game so so so sooo mich that i uninstall it,1
a google user : what a fabulas game when i play this game i have been loving this game,1
fabio santana : pleasing,1
sean redulla : absolutely beautiful,1
somberwee : its too amazing.,1
alex bankov : the title said it,1
rayna lynn : it's really fun but hard a littel,1
shanjid hassan : it's a really good game try it out once,1
salah alhashmi : an amazing game makes me feel relaxed,1
nathaniel adams : this game is so good for geting rid of stress,1
shakib rahman : luv the game..im eager to play alto's oddsey,1
stanley langa : the music is wonderful sometimes i sleep,1
nur insyiera anis misuarie : best graphics,1
marco polo : this game is as amazing as my face!!! such a good quality game!,1
ann melany raganas : super nice graphics!,1
a google user : best game you could download!,1
ali buhmair : greatgame should everyone try it !,1
george aidinis : most beautiful minimalistic game i have ever played!,1
eating children : it's my favorite game ever.,1
abin siby : don't people play before rating? you people may download skysafari instead of this,1
ali mahil : it's a great relaxing game. would suggest it anyday.,1
hyakuya mikaela : this is the best game i've ever played. download it.,1
abd progame : thats a great game ever ,1
a google user : i played this before when i was 6 years old now i love it,1
a google user : so much fun to play!,1
shrinivas ambiger : takes your mood out there!,1
mayaank patankar : hd effects are awesome,1
viplav singh : sweet little game and loads of fun to play!!,1
trxnds : graphics are good... everything is awesome,1
aaron aguirre : it's a really fun game for long road trips :),1
a google user : i like this very much when i whent to an apple store i saw the phone and started plaing and i said i like it,1
eugena anahkwat : very good game for when i'm bored,1
evan nielsen : beautiful,1
arun james : awsome time killer and stress relefe.,1
a google user : i think this game is very easy very very easy excellent game,1
sharad jadhav : same as ski safari 2 lol which is much better thn this!,1
rosario aqw : it's a great game. like my previous favorite game "moonchaser".,1
a google user : i pick it up and then i can't let go,1
arj un : its sound quality is very originally ,1
mhaden ezung : this game takes me back to winter season...the song,1
a google user : i loved this game. its so cool.,1
nayeer01 : awsome bad very bad bad game the worst game ever,0
devon mike : good graphics...challenging...how about putting more tricks than just backflip,1
ali alkhateeb : and that arabic language support is great !,1
eliza k : i this game and i think it is a simple but awesome game!!!,1
ishika khatri : one of the greatest game i have ever seen,1
a google user : its an very relaxing game and i mostly like the music,1
amit kumar das : very good games and very good graphice nice game,1
ujwala ujju : i want to play this game again and again,1
a google user : it is very very good app,1
curry ribetson : this game is good,1
jawed anjum : lol ski safari is better than this,1
zeem : i loved my phone,1
vikash kumar : just amazing.... the background is so cool it looks original must download,1
it.,1
kirklandtis swagg : great game!also great graphics,1
dr.missam rajani : do not dounlod it fake wasting of internet,1
smokebomb987 0 : it's a great game and good gameplay.,1
a google user : me and my brother love it and its also fun ma and him have been vs to who gets the farthest,1
gameplay kd : best game of this year.but if i make it more clear,1
tornado gaming : love it to graphics to gameplay . this game has my stars,1
coolgamers168 lance yap : nice but the theme looks like sad and lonely,1
amir d : been waiting for a long time for the android version ...installig right now hoping it's as good as ios vesion ...,1
vaibhav patil : really awesome ui and peacefull background music...,1
infinity zero : the bgm is nice.,1
ned smith : one of the best games i've played.,1
heath : very good controls,1
a google user : this is a good gameyou guys have,1
andrea yanez : it's fine this game is really cool,1
anupam samanta : it's a very gorgeous game.,1
jonathan willson : good,1
vaijayanti patil : this game is good and plays well its quiet additive.,1
sally soo : this is the best game i've ever played .. i just love it,1
gunjan barua : the graphics are beautiful! cool game!,1
joe khan : gets really addictive and easy to play!!,1
forza roma grazie per totti deleon : theonlywayyoucanfindagoodtime.itisnotanintendedforthebestofalltheothertutuyggghhhgggggggggggggthejjkjkknjnnnn,1
aniket pasayat : its a good game...whenever i feel bore i just play this game..i like this,1
game....don't know about other players..,1
the godfather gaming : 5 star game no dought grapics are good,1
appu x : good game and great graphics. great work,1
remo su.pre.me_kiddo : it's the best game i have ever played,1
rachna kathpalia : it's the best game ever i have played,1
a google user : you are great game maker so creat this type of action game.,1
esmeralda belmares : i think that this is one of the best game i have ever had.,1
bayazid bostami : it,1
a google user : great game helps when im bored,1
ankit varshney : decent graphics with powerpacked gameplay...,1
a google user : it is a great time killer .fun to play.,1
surjeet shokhanda : it's very very nice game,1
maricris caburnay : amazing game. so exciting. excellent graphics.,1
msrgamingx : it's really awesome game !!,1
vishnu anand : beautiful game. super relaxing!,1
valerie d : visually beautiful and a fun little game. very enjoyable,1
a google user : ummmmmmm k fun game. love controls. good graphics.,1
christopher vecchio guitar : a must have game with beautiful graphics,1
jordan kilwien : great game. keep up the good work,1
mohammed vaseem : better waste of time rubbish stuffs,1
panagiotis macromanolis : good but boring after a while.,0
a google user : playing the zen mode with headphones gives great exp.,1
a google user : i would like to give thumbs up for this game. 5 stars! it's one the best game i've ever played. completed all of the levels. now eagerly waiting for next version! . . .,1
deepa rajesh : it's very nice,1
a google user : it's so beautiful and amazing i love this game,1
micah smith : love the design and layout of the game ,1
titan rocks : simly good and interesting game love to play this one.,1
danielle may neis : because i love scating to in the snow,1
kieran abel : so fun and relaxing. an amazing game in general,1
isaac tharp : amazing visuals addictive and fun overall great game,1
heart moon : nice graphics and good concept. addictive tooo,1
the gaming flareon : its a little but fun game!,1
iqbal ahad : i played this game. and never seen such a game,1
akhilesh sharma : great classic addictive game a true masterpiece just needed some more thrill and upgrades and please i will be happy if u will add option of sunny or night,1
blabla md : great atmosphere. inspirational,1
a google user : it so relaxing ,1
guillaume sapy : very fun game,1
sans the skully bro : i love the graphics,1
syed saad khatim tabrez : very nice game,1
a google user : it's fun a good rime killer and pretty addicting,1
midhun sanjay : the game is really addictive i loved it,1
ethan jones : it's a very satisfying game and i love the music,1
kimbell frazer : sounds and looks good it works for me i love it.,1
kabbaj ahmed : one of the best games of all time!,1
a google user : good graphics. best game ever,1
sanguinne : the best. nothing else to say,1
30-dhaneswar murmu_xi-b : it has mind refreshing music.,1
brandon kasuba : it's so awsome,1
revathy baskaran : the best game. very addicting,1
ajmal faisal : this game is better,1
arunkumar keesari : loved it too much.,1
creaticy : nice graphics,1
arghya singha : vry gd concept,1
abeda benta kader : its a asome game . i liked it,1
savannah cruz : this never a waste of my time.,1
manash j boruah : i like it ~ very peaceful game,1
trexzity : this is what i call a,1
josh sutherland : get it. better than most games,1
a google user : it's a really fun game to play,1
jon slichter : amazing all around. great work,1
308 : i enjoy this game,1
ashcrimsonplayz : i love snowboarding very cool,1
myles walker : it's awesome you should get it,1
prakash penish : it's good but mantaince levels,1
abhishek pradhan : stunning graphics and music track!!!,1
siddheshwar yenagi : this app is good.,1
gen x : games wicked cool,1
pranati das : the best game i've ever played.,1
a google user : good game +good graphics...nice music making us feel relaxed...good job keep it up guys..,1
simulacore : this game,1
elise lewis : i really enjoyed this relaxing,1
adamsyah maulana : i love your games :-) thx for making this game its so fun!,1
kashif rizvi : in games like these..we don't have to do anything...so its kinda boring,0
rasty ghost : amazing game good graphic and very fun dawnload it,1
tim carrera : the graphics are one of my favorites. and the llamas,1
miriam descendres : its a cute game. i like the graphic and the gameplay,1
martin kurek : i uninstalled it the moment it forced me to watch a full 30 second app.,1
eat_ch1ps 666 : it's sooo addicting great music gust loved it,1
menace allen : not the best game but fun,1
cody mcburnett : great graphics and one of the best "waste some time" games!!!,1
ced shaw : love the art style and the game is super fun!,1
august casselderry : the graphics are so good i cried,1
swarup mondal : nice 1....it felt nice in playing.my eyes really feel rested.it's actually a pleasant 1!!!,1
rayhan chowdhury : delicious grapics with sweet ride.,1
yedhu krishna : this is a nice game .iike this game somuch .download the game ans enjoy,1
a google user : so much fun. super addictive. beautiful gameplay.,1
khushal ouma : keep up the good work!,1
sharon romero : this game reply addicting and creative,1
a google user : liked this game.it is prefect to be editor's choice,0
a google user : i love d bgm,1
a google user : it's a very fun game to play and is easy to use,1
shams shakil : but this type of game needs lot of feature.,1
divan jacobs : this game is amazing it is wery cool i love it.,1
abhin raj : it's damn cool everyone enjoy it,1
shankar pawar : the best game i have played is alto's adventure,1
a google user : i am using a samsung j7 and there is a very bad lag and sometimes it i hold long or tap i cant to a backflip and it only flips after for awhile so it causes me to die and the feather power up does ont work it has happen many times so please fix it,0
kahfey : awesome gameplay,1
sala ah-kuoi : best game everso good,1
dennis howard : amazing thank you guys for making this gorgeous game!,1
full time masti : i can't believe it. it is a great offline game.,1
abdulmateen pitodia : excelllent though.,1
bailey diplock : get it right know you will not regret it!,1
sudhir gupta : best game to innovate yourself &a pretty good time pass game,1
pavel sarkar : well programmed and very beautiful game play arena.,1
ayan bhuyan : i really loved it .the graphics are very attractive,1
juan luna : a fun and family friendly game.,1
guru krishna : most beautiful game i've played,1
yash bhatnagar : it's the great time killer game,1
dj killedit : no need to be changed.,1
thurston abernathy : this is so amazing and fun.,1
a google user : perfect. my favourite game ever,1
fatihy rahman : nice graphic,1
rope james : this game is so cool and great.,1
a google user : amazing graphics . a class game i have ever seen..,1
wolf blood : really cool,1
a google user : i love it it should be the best best game of the world,1
jass balhara : good graphics high game play,1
kiran pandey : good game great graphics and thanks for the zen mode,1
laura nicholson : it's really good and is very good,1
rosalio solis : i really love this game is really cool.,1
gaming&technology : its its good game but so boring,1
bhuvan g : it is a great game most addictive game i loved it.,1
lincoln johnson : the game was very fun i loved the different skins.,1
ines lisjak : reminds me of flower and journey a lot. great game,1
swati telang : one f the best game played,1
a google user : it's a really great time killer.,1
a google user : its a very fun game i love it :),1
ishwar naik : this game is good and ,1
a. t. : should make two player online (:,1
alfred eluvathingal : this is something incredible. just.. outstanding,1
m. samiul alam : a very nice and entertaining game to play on the go!,1
shital salve : nice game but slow to download,1
chadzz tv : this game is very cool and great graphics to,1
budgingsun804 eli : this game has great graphics i loved the game,1
d deadly part : it's very funny game,1
calvin orley : i have it on my amazon tv too.,1
jack micheal : good but the controls are not working properly,1
panda house : it has great relaxing music and it's a good relaxing game,1
aurelis : the game is so peaceful like you are in the void.,1
emma caldelas : i love 2 play with this game it's sooooo relaxing,1
babul marma : i think you should develop more of this graphics.,1
a google user : i love the graphics in this game,1
lil thanos : great graphics nice gameplay it's totally awesome,1
dhananjay thakur : it's a cool mind freshing game.. please you to enjoy it.,1
joe kneel : so awesome to play to the creator,1
eric tapia : i love the graphics of this game,1
pilgrimage duststorm : game developers. look and learn,1
mages wint winterhold : great game overall with stunning visuals.,1
shovit naik : this game addictive an u'll love it,1
anastasiya marchenko : this has to be the best game in the world.,1
harold abbott : great fun.love the music very relaxing,1
arun santhosh : soothing music,1
nasirul islam : amazing game. one of my favourite games.,1
chakravarthy chaduvula : loved the views. very good to watch.,1
bonginkosi mhlanga : it's playable at time 3 stars,1
doll face : i love it it's so adicting,1
michael gleason : such a great game,1
kale d. : its fun and you can play it again and again ^-^,1
plato of athens : very good game,1
skyby coment : this game is very good!,1
a google user : wait for part 2,1
ion gyska : this is an awesome and addictive game and it's an awesome time killer.,1
justin thejasukmana : it's great for people to kill time and improve focus,1
aden mshana : loved playing it,1
blu ray : amazing graphics,1
saksham bajpai : 1st game.. ever to.. which m addicted.,1
hussain s : great game. simple but fun,1
janak ahir : best game,1
maplekeurig : its so calming yet fun and challenging,1
michael najem : most best game in the whole world i played best game in the world,1
sniper in a diper : i played this on my teachers phone and i got it on my phone,1
a google user : this is a awesome game this is a awesome game me and my brother love it,1
wesley elen : i love it so much cause the music was so beautiful,1
yarrabarlapraveen naidu : i love this game,1
vineet katiyar : it's a really very good game,1
a google user : it's just too awesome,1
mohan sethuraman : it's just nicely designed,1
a google user : the game has great graphics.,1
a google user : simple but fun. relaxing too,1
wabona dandi : this game is amazing.,1
kathryne loader : pretty good story,1
bezin : it's my favorite mobile game,1
jaz bentley : it's a fun free game for all,1
dynamite chef : i really like snow boarding.,1
nikko makiling : great but you can get bored,1
suman kumar nath : great game dude!!totally lived it,1
adrien johnson : beautiful game,1
raghul sweety : it's very interesting game...i lyk it so much,1
solomon motley : soo awesome can't say it only play it,1
p08 v18.27 : i got crippling depression.,1
eliu morales : its really fun to play with,1
jake robertson : this is just an overall great game!,1
ronel banag : its good for all,1
osiris : one of the best games out there.,1
ava roth : a good timekiller,1
a google user : this is the nice game i love it.,1
ashok pandey : love to this game won't ever end,1
manoj mishra : superb. and download it 2nd time,1
a google user : recommend. really enjoy zen mode,1
akhil k v : it's very satisfying game for me,1
manu arun : it's a nice game simply loved it,1
p r kumar : useless,1
parker bailey : it addicting thank you for making it i b found this game at us cellur looking for a new phone and i got the high score and i playded it for 2 hours thanks fr the gme i love ut so much time to gt skiing,1
gopi nath : good graphics,1
a google user : this game is a great little arcade game that i think a lot of people will,1
enjoy if they like snowboarding and going at high speeds really fast and,1
defineatly really far,1
vicky kumar : this is a very bakwas game pagal logo kaisi game banate ho india's 1st mental log,1
pradeep hegde : love it!!! i downloaded it today and i'm already getting addicted to it !!!! just extraordinarily simple game yet nice awesome graphics and sounds,1
orz_panda : it's the best game,1
shailesh parmar : world's best game,1
marisol cordova : it's a ok game cool to play,1
iyoo litwave : its nice to play . so danke,1
john not keith : its fun,1
rachan gowda n j : it's a great time pass game,1
a google user : i love this game very much.,1
aaron west : i have a smaul dong.,1
usha c.v : it's quite a fantastic game. a small request. on windows phone also. please!!!!!!,1
mare the red queen : great graphics,1
arshad sauleh : i liked the background scene and the music.,1
a google user : it is good to play and enjoyed by children's,1
elaine pla : all round a beautiful and challenging game.,1
a google user : very useful game and entertaining.,1
paul costan : so addictive,1
govind bhatane : best game because of it graphics and can be hacked,1
vishal singh : great gameplay,1
harry gillett : black screen only on zenfone.,1
suraj panigrahy : not so enjoyable...just snow and snow everywhere..can't even see the character...how will i control and play,0
anna sun : lovely game. great graphics,1
anik biswas dipto : i really loved this game..graphics this one of most graphics..,1
icon : just a good way to forget about the stressful thinks in life.,1
themarshmellowchemist : i this game it's the best game ever,1
kawthar kara ali : wonderful graphic !,1
soban : hello if you are reading this your mom is,1
john helm : got to level 61 was okay but i've uninstalled now as there is no point now i've completed it,1
abu dhahir : this thing is really awesome stuff man,1
a google user : i enjoy playing this game,1
penny walker : it the best thing i ever played,1
jj ll : awsome just blown away bruh,1
angel estevez : it's a good game it has good graphics,1
josue torres : it's a really good game with very good way to relax,1
cj towns : this is a very fun game to pass time with.,1
enisa grahovic : can't play sa-mp so i have to play this :c,1
sarbari datta : its a great time to play this game. its kind of,1
adam mercer : good graphics,1
mohamed farhan : fabulous amazing fantastic mind-blowing good v good epic,1
sarah stone : it's beautiful! and fun! i love this game for it's atmosphere and it's,1
music.,1
el : i think this game is the best game ever.great gameplay and graphics.,1
pronay roy choudhury : amazing game.. simple but real run.. good for time pass,1
noah chapman : loved it on my ipod,1
ryan cornelius : i think this game is beautiful,1
alex : the game is plain af,1
bunny mouni : this is super game and super graphics i love this game,1
shinomiya ken : i love the graphics and music so much,1
nanndy paul : i love the game and then i want to see how the game is made,1
a google user : i feel happy when i play this game thise is interesting game,1
mohinder kumar : i wish all to play this nice game in all see the game,1
striker king : this is a very good game with very beutiful graphics,1
pushkal nagia : very very very nice game this should be the game of the year,1
a google user : its very simple game but very addictive,1
norphel dukpa : sound is so good.,1
elvin d : i love this game. it's awesome,1
oliver baker : friend recommended it,1
puja : awesome game it's is mind blowing,1
mikhael dani : really relaxing and calm game and quite challenging,1
mike wilcox : gets boring quickly...,1
blake v. kent : favorite game ever. so calming. beautiful.,0
anup singh : very bad,1
sayan hn : i really love this game only love and love,1
sudipta 4k : just pure beauty and awesome.,1
a google user : greatest game. i totally reccomend,1
sheikh md ayub ali : one of the best time passing game.,1
minimellstrom1 : calming awesome game. loved it,1
zackary riley : awsome very fun and there's llamas,1
rahul verma smith : unique in the world.,1
everything gaming : amazing gameplay this game is fun and easy to play!!!!,1
alexthe short1 : i love how it's such a chill game,1
noa beusan : a really beautiful game.,1
tomas & tami meszaros : fun and relaxing game.,1
rapha dax : love it. its amazing,1
prasad padeniya : can't download few errors in game,1
owen hardwick : fun,1
andrew h. : love it,1
m. karthikeyan : good to see you can get the way,1
a.b.m anas : i want to join with this developer!! mind blowing!!,1
lulu : its a great fun game,1
kyle peters : haven't been able to open the game in ages,1
carl centina : i really really really really really really really really really really love the game. didn't thought that there is a zen mode,1
subhajit chanda : very good game its really relaxing playing this game,1
sourav bhuiya : great art style good choice developers,1
a google user : this game is fantastic and they are real game i like it,1
triskelion global : i love this game i played it almost everyday,1
zikry zahran : it has very nice graphics and the game is very fun,1
georgia morris xx : i love this game me and brother lovvveee this game,1
kevin ilano : it has good graphics and it is so fun,1
maria gonzalez : i love this gane its so adicting,1
dhruv kohali : this game back ground is beautiful,1
yogesh adhawal : this game is for relax your mind its good game,1
imran sidiqhi : superb game you should also download and play this game,1
galih arsyan : the song calm me down,1
a google user : this game is almost enjoying jumping thrill game,1
a google user : love it i could play it any time i any were,1
mark vann : it was totes legit cray cray,1
shaunak smarty : you must have only this game,1
shivansh sinha : good but some more grafics and stunts is needed,1
alano whitney : great game but can u make it multiplayer,1
john smith : its a ver good game with good graphics,1
anonymous unknown : i think that this app is the greatest gaming app in the play store,1
dcmber notes : addictive the music is very relaxing and concept is very nice,1
mamta panwar : the game was very adventurous the best game in play store download it,1
palanivelu devadoss : i love shining i am a player of any sports,1
eli colgan : smooth game play mellow music relaxing game,1
shivam ashwin : endless adventure gave me a kind of relaxation which helped me,1
a google user : altos adventure is an amazing and fun game,1
armel sacil : this game is very very good,1
izzuddin : i really loveeee it because it have beatiful graphics,1
omariah palmer : coolest game ever it is really an adventure,1
a google user : this game is so fun but so many megabite,1
dilip khadka : this download app is cool because i get to download games,1
gacha girl in disguise : i think it is awesome i can play it and listen to music,1
ronak tank : i s so good game but is nice game,1
kanchan maisekar : this game is awesome i really loved i,1
sam marsh : the animals are like colered like shadows,1
gavin flack : simply amazing game the kind of game that comes once in a lifetime,1
gajendra limbu : the best way to get a chance to win one of the best way to get a chance to win one of,1
zechar jose : best game the music is awesome and the game is pretty cool,1
phando : graphics were cool and contols were easy,1
a google user : a good game must for short game lovers thanks,1
jhay ramos : add some characters but its very very good,1
bboy360 moller : i love this game who ever made this game keep it up,1
akash asokan : beautiful graphics,1
harshil patel : i very nicely feel this game good,1
rishita aggarwal : it gives me a relax feeling it is really good,1
aj rock : this game is very nice please friends download this game,1
a google user : very best game good game play nice graphics,1
geeta yadav : i think the game should be awarded as the best action game,1
j9t m : the 2nd best game that i played,1
adi ahmad : i would play happy good game,1
nedia yehya : i love it very very much and nice game go on,1
ismar zulic : great game,1
a google user : this game has interested game i like this game,1
a google user : this game is very good it will just recharge our mood.,1
mark farris : watch a video to continue,1
muhammad rwamiq : its really addictive love playin it!,1
k tv sakti : very adventurous and addictive game for kids .,1
a google user : awesome game,1
deadshot 346946 : good game you guys y'all are amazing and i love the game,1
green crossedsteak : couldn't be more minimal and addictive,1
schlumpedrose :3 : i love it i can't say anything wrong,1
nerd teehee : love this game. i would play it for hours if i could,1
teach tube yb : this is too much interested.i like this games,1
odyssey crowell : the graphics are beautifully crafted.,1
zabivaka : such an amazing game,1
poojan patel : the best game in the world of the the world inside the world and i doubt recommend it,1
suvajit : the visuals and the music is amazing,1
cj vgr : absolutely good from step one to ten!,1
souvik chakraborty : it is a very nice game. i love it.,1
akash vp : i really feel relaxed when i listen to the music...,1
jay : the game has a "flow",1
yogesh jadhav : the game and the graphics are good but the controls are bad,0
johnathon labas : it's a great game and a little addicting,1
a google user : it's a good game and also relaxing,1
a google user : this game is the best game ever,1
ratan prasad : amazing graphics liked it !!,1
mohamed raseem : great scenery nd background,1
rachael casper : calm and relaxing yet anti-climatic,1
aidie c : best addictive game to date.,1
justyce : love the whole ideal,1
bathroom vibes : one of the good app on play store .,1
soumyajit sahoo : it is really charming game to play,1
bishwapriyo sarkar : what a game really,1
a google user : this game is good need update but it is a good game...,1
jackson fletcher : the game is fu$#!*& awsome! i really like the soft but fast music.great touch -jack,1
a google user : good game worth it!,1
j q : i have no idea why i love this game,1
bob dragon : i love this game very much....and the graphic is the best thing in this game!!?,1
pratik waghela : nice game with irritating issues.,1
a google user : it was beautiful that's all i'm gonna say.,1
mahathir mohammad siam : plzz release altos adventure 2 for android..,1
rebika aribam : best ever game. i really love every aspect of this game be it controls,1
afif arif : oh sorry about my kid phase,1
dan mahony : i had this on my ipad and now it's on android. oh yeah! it's awesome,1
a google user : this is a wonderful game,1
zacason : best and not bored!!,1
swaggyfee : its one of the best games i played,1
society : super graphics i love this game,1
zahid kadu : this is the best game ever that i played,1
ail prune : goooooooooood thanks game love game yesssss,1
junaid hoolash : nice game hope to have numder 2,1
san b : addictive game and a great time killer,1
uffiservice uk : i found the game so beautiful and peaceful,1
gimantha athauda : i loved the games graphics,1
nightwing : i love this game so much,1
owen churchill : it looks amazing and is so easy to control,1
aravindhan m : awesome game ever i have played,1
united ones : this is the best game ever that i have play,1
a google user : very good control on the skies,1
a google user : great fun game that had lack of racism,1
vintage biscuits : best mobile game if all time,1
gary reid : the gameplay i very epic and the artwork is amazing,1
raghu sharma : awsome i never seen that awwwwsme game,1
grec ionel : one of the best games i ever played,1
kainat fatima : i liked this game because it is based on gymnastics,1
sandeep chawan : i love it because it so trending and cooooooool,1
jerome sabangan : nice graphics good game,1
bahaa elsaed : i love this game it make me relax,1
abel kim ramirez : wonderful so nice omg,1
kartikey sharma : a jewel among the games of google play,1
farhin nisha : i luv this game very much,1
gavin m : this is a beautiful game that is easy to play and fun,1
sumeeta kaur : simple controls and amazing graphics,1
roberto richmond : good game to burn some free time on,1
dinesh dhil : the game is so cool and great adventure,1
blasting tech : i love this game more fun to play,1
rylee d : its has a amazing style and smooth gameplay,1
mohammad ali qasim syed : i loved the minimalist design and ease of control,1
gooby doo : ver good interactive computer graphic adventure,1
a google user : this is one of the feel good mobile games,1
jose esquina jr : it helps you to focus more,1
aswanda wan : its a good arcade game,1
charbel hawwa : such a high quality graphics exllente,1
a google user : this game is awesome very simple to play,1
ravindra gaikwad : the game is very good graphic it nise,1
surya bunty : aa nice game interesting and not boeing,1
sadnan 14 : amazing game what a nature for skilled this is cool,1
vivek mirani : great game n music is also great,1
meryem khan : wonderful game with beautiful n soothing sound,1
ms hanotiya : this game was very nice,1
jashan walia : good game i enjoy very much,1
gabe allen : best game ever cool graphics,1
tejas gaur : the sound n music is good,1
ana reyes : the music is relaxing and great graphics,1
lucas warf : best game ever and the graphics are great,1
himanshu manolkar : art work and animation are impressive,1
jose gaming : i loved graghics it felt so real,1
usha sharma : its nice game i first played,1
big b : love it so much hardcore,1
wild rockers : an awesome music i loved it,1
landon west : love the simplicity of it,1
aurelius gbikpi : collect game i ever played,1
a google user : overall really great game highly recommended,1
a google user : super fun i love it really addictive,1
mustafa sultan : this game has really good graphics,1
ruben prajwal : ice to have this wonderful game on play store,1
jasper ivan saturno : good graphics and nice gameplay,1
lucky legend : this is the most beautiful game ever i play,1
a google user : this app very good and nice grapichs,1
a google user : i love it im left with no words,1
mohammed suhail : very nice game and cool graphics,1
aleksandar cukovic : i like that 2d graphics,1
aman aurobinda mohanty : the most loveable game that i played,1
raunak sarkar : really cool game and loved it since childhood,1
a google user : super game i love this very much,1
wamer teen : awsome game ever just waiting for odessay,1
faaiz sheikh : there is beautiful places,1
slayer sanchez : i think you did a great job,1
meet jain : havent played yet,1
ashley rogers : love this game and also love the relaxing music,1
akash tom : it coolest game iever played,1
amber naimo : it is fun as hell,1
manjurani sharma : a good adventuros game i have everplayed,1
juan mendoza : such a good game and really simple,1
rizwan razak : really a time killer grt graphics loved it,1
mrigank kejriwal : glad that noodlecake studio games is on android,1
devender adluri : simply superb and expecting part 2,1
gaurav pokhriyal : good game but the area is not interting,1
ice wizard : so good action with nice graphics,1
rene rapudi : this game brings friends together,1
deepak raj : nice graphics and pleasing to play,1
sajithnair 2621 : superb game very good controls,1
a google user : absolutely the best game on google play store,1
prasad gora : good for groups relevant,1
have a cookie : i play this game ever day,1
a google user : this is a good game for anybody and i loved it,1
zyon brown : this game is gorgeous and atmospheric,1
amiteshwar anzerd : it always feel different from other games,1
mani raj : i want more thrilling race games,1
dimitrie brand : i want to be able to do a front flip,1
nancy ojha : loved it very fantastic game ever,1
a google user : download now da best game ever,1
shelli covey : i loved it its very fun,1
nehal nagar : i like the soundtrack and graphics are good,1
kevin li : this game is very peaceful and beautiful,1
a google user : nice game download it only 60 mb,1
gudupuru venkatesh : really nice game super time pass,1
aziz t : good graphics but need some improvement,1
ag talkies : great graphics and game play,1
bluce namela : this is the the wonderful game i ever played,1
amit dey : very good game and more characters needed,1
avijit dam : one of the most sweetest graphichs ever,1
a google user : i think you should make a 2knd,1
martin ikechukwu : one of the best games ever,1
ramya r : i love this game as it is based on editor choice,1
tevin mkhize : this game is on another level thumbs up,1
a google user : this app is very entertaining and is also addictive,1
zu dwa : great graphics but gaming experience is poor,1
venkataramanan arjunaraja : wow what a gaming amazing,1
jeremiah thomas : great game wish there was more like it,1
khan saab : awesome graphics must play,1
a google user : i think that its a great app,1
depayan mondal : fine gameplay good graphics,1
debbie tinder : awesome i have a huge fan of the game,1
junior rodriguez : i recommend this game for anyone,1
soumyadeep paul : it is ready to get a 5star,1
mahes waran : super game music was fantastic i love it,1
shane switzer : i love the graghics so good,1
a google user : i loved it so much,1
20bece179 rhythm patel : amazing but paid on apple app store,1
fali zabn : i totally loved it too much fun,1
inigo de la torre : this is a really great game i enjoyed it,1
aiden kraft : i just love the adventure and graphics in this game,1
killerclown 4556 : controls need tweaking but it is really cool,1
dr.arkaprava simlai : loving it a little bit now,1
dilli babu : it was super but it absorbed more data,1
shrivar naidu : i like the fact that its free,1
danielle henry : this is one of the best games i ever played,1
a google user : asome game for ever and good relaxing sounds,1
lee chee : it is a good game may consider to play,1
suresh iyer : it s very interesting,1
georgia brown : i think this game is a masterpiece it so graceful,1
tori nicktern : pictures graphics r so good,1
yugansh chauhan : it is a good game but not too,1
jamil adjallah : thats all i have to say,1
ben mccue : lover boy it is one of the best games,1
manish kumar : it is very lovely and good graphic game,1
kirtimaya dash : very good game in small size,1
govind sreekumar : the best game of years that i have played,1
a google user : definition of awesome,1
a google user : the run about a boy,1
m raju : it is a super and fantastic game it works offline,1
mohammed aqil : best game ever u should try,1
nandy alegario : i like the backflips and the stuff,1
parth panchal : best musical tone of ever i can heard,1
fakrul razi : this game can make we happy,1
dntdoitkenny : it has great graphics,1
siva jeeva : awesome game feeling super nice graphics,1
shadow stalker : its great keep up the good work,1
bima captain : that tailer is great i want try this game,1
matthew espinosa : it is easy to control and really enjoyed the experience,1
deepanshu kirola : i like music and the amazing graphics,1
rohit soni : with love the game is extremely well thanks,1
gabriel rodriguez : killer gameplay and graphics,1
farooq ahmed : awesome place near to snow mountain,1
a google user : this is a fantastic game l ever played,1
erin boston : it is an awesome game i recomend you get it,1
ksk fuck cool gang : i love this game i play it every day,1
marcel rodriguez : the game is so beautiful,1
hunter estes : so relaxing and great music,1
somebody awkward : this game is super fun and absolutely beautiful,1
paras behl : best game i really love itt,1
mansoor ali abobakr banafea : one of the greatest games on the google play store,1
steve boyer : great job on the design creation and the graphics,1
pieter de jager : great game have good gravics,1
mumtaz begum : make the time to download it faster others are great,1
scooby nirula : cool game i love it so much,1
a google user : awesome in game music very awesome graphics,1
praveen krishnan : love very much it is a good game,1
lol lololll : amazing graphics and very soothing,1
kenneth caro : this game is so nice,1
j m aguilar : its very cool and nc game ever,1
the mechanical peasant : but i thought there would be levels,1
navnath udbale : awesome game i really like this cool alto,1
ezekiel harris : love that its free for android and paid for apple,1
priyal sharma : it is an addictive game and i loved it,1
a google user : super tune i love this game download,1
a google user : this is so good game i like it,1
gilberto soto : i love this game the ghafics are awesome,1
aysha shahzad : it so good download it now,1
theo kelfoune : good god so relaxing and i heavily recommend it,1
yash kuwade : nothing can beat its beauty and simplicity,1
micheal hargrove : put different characters outfit s,1
matt_hue : this is so awesome just because of everything,1
wassup ? : its very addictive good graphics,1
shawn satterfield : no problems with the game its the best,1
baby face gaming : very smooth and compatible with music and it relaxes u,1
vandana : graffics are nice but the game is black and white,1
vikas mittal : the best game for adults and children too,1
sam : it is a good game it is very intrest,1
triplecarpentryfinish : this game is so creative i love it,1
jii : great time killer i really love this game,1
fahad ahmed : this is the hottest game i have ever played,1
anshuman jain : its have a good graphic,1
amber smith : it is cool and really good graphics,1
bikash thapa : great graphic nd fully entertaining game,1
advait shukla : too good to spend time,1
parin bhalodiya : gud but need to improve,1
rumblethums s : it is a game with smooth music and a dreamy touch,1
the wedding matinee : the feel is just awesome,1
my sweetheart thoi : this game is really awasome,1
may mangao : great game my son loves it,1
cole jacks : good for relaxing and just a beautiful art style,1
ronald house : greatest game i ever played,1
jeetesh suthar : best with all the mini game should have,1
kazarius green : its very fun and an smooth running game,1
kols : havent even played it yet but i adore it,1
a google user : this is real time killer game,1
k a a l a n : this app so cool and it makes relax,1
raja kumar : this is very interasting game,1
a google user : i love this game graphic is too good,1
a google user : amasing this makes my sister happy,1
checkers : i think its a great game and changing,1
ibrahim darwish : it is very good especially the graphics,1
devashis neog : the best offline game in my opinion,1
radha kannan : it is very nice good to play i love it,1
skethy : it real fun and challenging,1
chandra sekhar csk : best background score for a mobile game ever,1
mohamad abror : this application verry support,1
xpunisher71x : i was hooked the second it was downloaded,1
manisha kushwaha : i love this game very much,1
duckz love : this is a gr8 time passer,1
stage4loser : hey carter its a great game,1
abi sv : this is a awesome game please download this games,1
paul brown : the game is real cool and intense,1
mufaddal painter : it is a very good game and the graphics are beautiful,1
sumithra santhosh : keep it up thank you,1
deathrowz 4tw : great art and landscape just amazing,1
ismail mohammed thaif : good scenes and more,1
a google user : this game is very coool,1
moch sofyan : i love this game so much,1
bikash gupta : very nice game and pretty much all,1
brandon nix : great graphic s and good game play,1
siti intan farahindiana : impressive artwork and smooth plays,1
royston nandi : i love the dawn and night,1
a google user : best whoever made this game you are successful,1
mesum raza : the best game,1
dr.mukesh gupta : because i have alto,1
naveen singh : best game ever and its sound i loved it,1
youtube noob : one of the best games ever top 3,1
stella mary : i really loved this game,1
ps ps : the best commuter game of the year and of the century,1
pranav santosh : haha yeah it is a great game for me,1
ben lawson : the game is awesome but i wish there was an update for it,1
sidhant singh : amazing graphics and pixels is soo good,1
nantha kumar : its awesome game amazing,1
mradul goley : the most awesome game i played,1
jesus albrran : it really cool game and keep it mello,1
subhodip paul : i think he is a best game for this price,1
sarat mohanty : please give more features in this game,1
ultra guardian : more beautiful than i ever imagined,1
yuda cristian simanullang : please update another adventure and anymore art,1
ayush singhai : the game is so good,1
a google user : omg this game is the best,1
cnu srinivas : really very kool and smooth,1
a google user : awesome game best graphics and good adventure,1
a google user : few more equipments would be interesting,1
recitation style quran : it was a adventurous game that has beautiful controls,1
nazini n : very relaxed while playing,1
sudhakar panigrahi : the best game i ever seen,1
lawrence smith 3 : the gameplay is smoove and the graphics are nice,1
thuglife12 gaming : it is a great game and it has a good adventure,1
a google user : i definitely love this endless runner totallyrecommended,1
eshu pandu : the best and smooth game ever seen,1
ravi shanker : nice game that i have ever seen,1
gabskie3232 shyvana : cool nice graphics and easy,1
yash purohit : very nice and relaxing game for mind freshness,1
kavindu lakshan : it is very fantastic byame gor me,1
shubham khamaru : loved the game like anything,1
abigayle barnett : muah its amazing i love it,1
slumped : very fun smooth smoothin soothin game,1
aman jhariya : nice relaxing game and odyssey is also same,1
diwakar sharma : its sound and graphics are very peaceful and freshing,1
gabi : this game is awesome and so fun downloed it,1
kirti ranjan : best running game ever made and played,1
p3 toffee : everything moves smoothly and accordingly,1
tanveer ahmed : this is one of the best games i got,1
thomas khongsai : best concept games ever,1
infant snowin : itz very nice awesome to play,1
atstr : ay love game root no,1
pushpendra kumar : the best game i have ever played,1
akshay r : best for relaxation very good game guys,1
steven dudley : enjoyed the feel of the game good job,1
atya g : addictive great time killer,1
ashu tiwari : this is the best game to fresh our mind,1
chiranjeeb das : best snowboarding game ever played,1
raghav saxena : fun game with great music.,1
dr. shubham bisht : this game;$ are very good .bcs good graphicks,1
kyi kyi win : it was not that hard and it's awesomeness,1
naba : makes your mind cool in stressful times,1
anand : this game makes me chill,1
tiger emsophea : i don't know this programs,1
jay falls : i love this game it's fantastic,1
chris riley : can't even open it and its frustrating,1
jacinta simon : i love this game mainly for the music.,1
abhijit paul : what a game. game how to aisa,1
victor colta : amazing game. perfect colors and music,1
papinder nagi : this game has become amazing for me.yo,1
hazukiling : i saw awesome and the graphic is cool.,1
yobin bobby : a nice game to kill time,1
tammo heilemann : ads are broken and kill the game.,1
simon giri : a beautiful game with beautiful background features and design. loved it.,1
honey. boney : for my friends= sago mini forest flyer is free now install it today,1
a google user : i think it is a very fun and addictive game!,1
rafal kaczmarek : the game is just amazing and very addictive!,1
rakesh sabgani : i liked this game very much and it will be hit game,1
panthojyoti bhattacharjee : every time i play it...im amazed....this is what i call a game .. total package...kudos to noodlecake studios!!!,1
tyler wolchow : amazing game with stunning graphics.,1
a google user : love it better. with online multplay,1
a google user : it's awesome please follow this game,1
mhmd munshi : best action game with no competitor.,1
leena kanoi : it's amazing take it seriously,1
arham khalid : all i have to say its a great game!,1
samer khaled : time killer,1
treedodger : beautifully crafted game. it is perfect,1
malcolm woody : i liked the themes and the levels.,1
jonathan best : great graphics,1
ishitv sharma : awesome. must play,1
akash sapan : very adventourous,1
a google user : no backup and it's choppy on a nexus 6p,1
manas dixit : love the music. waiting for next update,1
ralph d. : this games is fun,1
videsh bridgelal : the music and environment is relaxing.,1
dr. saravanakumar raju : superb graphics.i really love this game,1
dhian nugraha : superb soundtrack and awesome graphic,1
careless fey : simply beautiful and amazing to say the least.,1
amrit kumar bhatnagar : so amazing game. this is nice.,1
john paul franco : nice app. nice graphics.,1
hrithik nigam : it has got everything. special abilities shops scenery etc....luvd it,1
a google user : it's cool but it's ohhhhhh,1
nolimitzacc : this is an amazing game! i enjoy playing it,1
nerin k s : graphics is good.gooder than skieeing game,1
saiyaara priya : it feel awsome,1
muhammad irfan : the best ever game play.,1
nelson daimary : awesome graphics,1
gi ppo : good sounds and graphics. perfect game.,1
ice wolf : this game is relaxing and fun! love itk,1
hannah shahidi : very addicting. it could be better though.,1
dr. facilier : nice game. good graphics and great sounds.,1
yogi annunaki : one of the best best games i ever played,1
nauris prieduls : such an amazing game. beutiful in any way.,1
umesh saxena : awesome . not more tha that . just awesome,1
a google user : amazing,1
wizardfuryshow gamer : some games are made to be great! this the one,1
lindsay williams : fun. beautiful. i love everything.,1
a google user : i like the characters and how they explain what they are and they're specialities,0
ben f : reeeeeeeeeeeeee (write ree in the app store or play store),1
atticus koch : in a strange way it's intensely relaxing,1
morgan walz : played to completion. fun all the way.,1
yasoo zamalek : great graphic amusing game ..,1
wendiellia harris : the graphics were to die for.,1
joel di bella : brilliant game but needs multiplayer.,1
aku prakash : a great game of action and adventure.,1
chintu akhil : it's a great game and action fullllll,1
the golden boy : i dominated this game,1
pratima jadhav : what a amazing game .a real adventure,1
ismi fathonah : i see the tutorial is good,1
muzammil siddiqui : i am impressed very good game,1
calvin klein : this game sucks lol 5 stars,1
tiffany gaming45 : i'm not that good on playing it,1
satvik srinivas : good graphics but boring game.,1
eric puletti : one of the best runner games yet!,1
store op : good but game is not so good,1
shannon ard : love love love this game..relaxing simple,1
a google user : its amazing,1
rishabh gaur : this game is pure pleasure to play... love it,1
terrance cole : good music and awesome gameplay,1
zemjem pickett : this app has beautiful music,1
pom bolster : this game is cool with a relaxing music,1
pavan nani : nice game best background with ear phones...,1
aditya mishra : awesome game loved this... good for tym pass,1
the vijayalakshmi : it's a good game and i enjoyed it,1
tga reviews : this game has good grapics and it is fun to play with,1
a google user : very beautiful and best imaginary graphics.. amazing,1
hachinavio : has a simple but entertaining vibe!,1
rose pink : i think this is a good game i ever see !,1
susan kakakhel : i love this game a must play,1
cam tott : the best game i've ever played,1
vansh sharma : best game....!!but after playing a lot it becomes little annoying..,1
charan vignesh nr : relaxing smooth addicting game. loved it,1
nived ullas : it's awesome.with amazing graphics and superb controls,1
gaurav kr singh : it,1
hrishikesh adsul : and this is called a game !!! nice work developer's.,1
a google user : it is great you should really get it!,1
linda smith : it's not that good but playable,1
tavin tolliver : very addicting!! beautiful graphics!!,1
haryanth botla : nice game but it is too short to see the in game..,1
mitali srivastava : fantastic game.when will second part will release.,1
james swaby : why do you need access to my browsing and app habits?,1
faded eth3r : design and implementation is spot on.,1
abhishek dutta : awsomegame to play in pleasure time...,1
sarvandra singh shakya : it's really good game,1
crotayx : it's really beautiful good job,1
reena chaudhary : a really simple game which is why it's addicting,1
atanu raha : superb zen,1
king madness arab one riyad : veryy nice and chalange game thanks,1
ashish kumar khare : it's a good game but it's little small game,1
pickle bs / fn : there is a lot more promised in this game but be patient grasshopper hummmmm...,1
alier malek : it has graciously music and all!!!!,1
tyler suttibugha : i love this game the graphics are breathtaking!,1
darragh mcgee : love it. great time passer!,1
a google user : it fun and cool and everything thing is perfect,1
dat guy : i love it.it is so awesome and cool you should play it!!!,1
ovais ali : alto's adventure game is very very love it,1
mick chiu : love it! really relaxing and beautiful landscape,1
nicholas kan : such music,1
error : its good,1
sougata nandi : easy to play hard to master!,1
carlos de anda : very fun download it!,1
pon vignesh : nice game and little bug,1
sharma kumar : it's the world's best game for me,1
mohd rehan : thanks for your support and help us to get to sleep now i am not going to be a bad mood and then i will beat you the amazing spiderman 2 hack game,1
zero person : this is the best thing to ever exist,1
eric lingwall : this game is the best to cure your stress,1
you never saw me never say me : this is the best thing ever played,1
bennyboy broloudsky : very good at burning time and addictive.,1
a google user : a great relaxing game. ..headphones are suggested,1
lydia atthedisco! : fun and awesome!!!,1
shaid baig : wow nice game i like it mack like this game more,1
a google user : good game. can anyone beat game,1
a google user : made by noodlecake 10/10,1
alexis : the graphics are just out of this world!,1
mohit srivastava : best game i have ever played......nice graphics and smooth graphics makes it even better ....,1
pocketcorpse : perfect!!! that's all u can say,1
narcisa bejar : this game is awesome!!! this game has great graphics and controls my one problem is only that ive unlocked all the characters i wanted that you should add more characters with power ups like felipe the lhama this is totally cool game download it and say it to your friend best game ever!!!,1
gautham tr : i love it,1
hama idoudi : this game is awesome really i like it,1
varun g. : it is a superb combination of adventure and arcade.,1
emil titus : great graphics,1
md. abdul gani : this game is relaxing. best adventure game.,1
atish sisodia : amazing and peaceful,1
jonathon diaz : awesome game it's a good time waster and is calming,1
lalrempuia : nice game...loved the music and the beautiful scenes,1
vipin kumar : its an awesome game to kill time,1
kailassh aditya : good game for passing off time,1
kamal bisht : addicted and very nice background music,1
carmem gonzalez : great i like the game and i well never stop great graphics good concept and one of the best visuals it also addicting i love the game it cool it fun it challenge,1
wolverlow : but needs more obsticles,1
zainoel soelaeman : emm you must at characters and other things like skatebord (snowbaord) and more levels but the texure is amazing beautifull(^-^#)nightclaw,1
preetham super : amazing,1
a google user : it is just a super fun game. it is so addicting and fun,1
lokesh gollapudi : very good graphics very nice game it's good,1
sunny thakur : wow i just got addicted to it,1
bryguytv : i love this game how ever made this game this is the best game ever,1
susamma mathi : this game is a well time passing game and very good game,1
a google user : this game is very funny and this game is very easy i like this game,1
woof woof : i can play it all day,1
akshat sharma : this is very best game please try this game this is very interesting game,1
gopakumar .g.s : it's a superb game ,1
blufinney : the art is amazing and the adventure is beautiful!,1
yules . ssamba : but is there any way you can bring back my acc cause i uninstall it and install it again but i lost my acc help pls,0
nan frost : i like the game ,1
jabir muhammed : the game is simple and awesome. really enjoyed it,1
ayimen hussien : simplistic and amazing art style,1
ea plz : its amazing get it im addicted,1
cortney lataya : so cool my cousin talked about it,1
hairo perfecto : game is cool but controls are glitchy,1
m vito adelard : relaxing and keeps me away from depression,1
shanif aziz : this game is just fantastic!!! outstanding graphics with the smooth soundtrack just made the game even more aah.. what should i say..? beautifully crafted...you will definetly wish you could play this app like forever!!,1
adhikar sewnarain : but at night it is to hard to see,1
simon takam : i will just say a awesome game,1
alonna medley : it is addictivei can't explain how awesome it is,1
gonzalo arganaras : it's enough to be a good game,1
sushanti tirkey : 785476 are the details of permanent position 2 mera a few years in,1
jayshree jaiswal : i will not play this game because it is downloaded now,1
seema wagadre : it is not installing in my phone,1
blake stinson : feels like an actual game unlike most games on mobile phones,1
a google user : i am play the game and surprise with his feature,1
a google user : it is a best game . easy to play.,1
saif azani : good game for releasing stress.,1
f.n.o aka fear no one : its very calming and fun to play,1
erlinda porillo : have a great game..,1
a google user : simple but lovely. refreshing game.,1
walker gaming : it's a nice game and i played it in laptop,1
mim.h. lewis : loveley game. with awesome graphics on this rate.,1
abbey gael a. pua : beautifully minimalistic. loved every second of it.,1
rajdeep sarkar : awsome graphics and the background track. loved it.,1
emmanuel : btw subscribe to ee gaminghd,1
stich bagsmata : this is ok but the darkness made me mad!!!,1
odedara sukhdev : super game davunlod this game,1
aj suljic : love this game easy to play when bored i play this,1
ghaazanfar saeed : i i love this game very very very much.,1
sojan ks : nice. but we'll be bored soon,1
shahana shaikh : best game with best music. so relaxin and peaceful.,1
utkarsh singh : i normally dont go to the bother of writing a review.... but when i do.... the app or game is just exceptional in performance and most appealing to me.... just like this one. the combination of ingame music and gameplay fits beautifully... and the overall experience feels like a charm...,1
unay,1
sanjai deonandanie : love it so muchhhh,1
a google user : this is a game for the world to play. this has perfection.,0
spencer steadman : amazing game. gives lots of gameplay time,1
a google user : loved the music,1
a google user : it's okay love the music and good details,1
herper the great : so cool and fun. should be tried,1
duaa qureshi : amazing the game has fantastic graphics .,1
cal j : simple game yet amazing graphics love it,1
kenneth thangkhiew : such an awesome game. i recommend,1
amanda burns : this is one of the best games i've played,1
ananthi narayanan : wonderful zen music . it really is serene,1
sarah ayu nanda : for the first time,1
jack davies : it is a fantastic game with a beautiful art style!,1
achintya bankra : overall i loved this game,1
sam burton : great graphics and music. love it.,1
richard mudy : cool music and cool gameplay =good game,1
atharva x : nice music and graphics. lovely game,1
asfand khan : i love the game & i love the scenery of the,1
sachin chaudhary : i like this game .. graphics are osm,1
gum zee : game is awesome until the wingsuit... ruins game,1
a google user : simple yet hard .loved the game and graphics,1
a google user : awesome,1
virtualasriel : this game is awesome and additive. must play,1
a google user : great controls,1
balkrishan singh : most relaxing game i ever played.,1
a google user : awesome game. please upgrade it for more adventure.,1
shiloe hanson : beautiful music,1
gabe ruppert : i wish it had a backstory to it tho.,1
kgetho matlala : download it you won't regret it,1
abdul kader shafeeq s : nice game that doesn't need internet,1
hager ahmed : it's really amazing game i loved it soooooo,1
sierra edholm : it is addicting and fun. i love it,1
a google user : nice casual game to pass the time.,1
deepika jujare : not that challenging,1
rijin raju : amazing!! its graphic also lovely... and no words for music and nature,1
voice !!,1
aidan svec : its a fun and a good time consuming game.,1
jayprakash gurjar : animation is very petty and sounds are osssam but game is very slowly move in my mobile phone that's it....,1
nalini malwalage : i love this game never ever seen be for. install and get the feel of snow,1
akshay pathak : awesome music and amazing game.,1
varun agarwal : game is just awesome,1
j h : is this what these games have come to? it's all ads and p2p bullshit!,1
gx_devansh : no words to say about this amazing game superrrrrrrrrrrr...........,1
jumi : but too much power consuming,1
cookieclicker42 24rekcilceikooc : don't drop that thutathu hey!,1
a google user : i don't know what to say,1
aaron huttner : ugh,1
netbf neverevertobeforgot : hey thanks for the great game.,1
mrinmay banerjee : this game is just amazing. i love this game.,1
finn wright : loved it. great soundtrack and it runs really well.,1
piyush bharti : game is amazing,1
rome chy : great grphics. such a relaxing music and view.,1
sara solihan : the soundtrack is amazing.,1
shardul khapekar : its a pure copy of ski safari......but still not better than it.....,1
ramakrishna c : so good controls an d my favrate campany,1
a google user : in a world of pubg and mobile legends ,1
wavr : brilliant design,1
a google user : i cant download the app every time im going to try to download,1
venus jones : h of gin html gin hill is goo is fyi hi ha chi,1
parth desai : great concept. well executed. loved it,1
sofia freeman : don't know never played,1
aries maharjan : great graphics,1
kush kumar : no words can describes its greatness.,1
mahbol mahbol : good graphics and addictive ,1
vinish suresh : it sucks don't waste data on downloading this,1
nilesh doshi : love it awesome,1
tate mullineaux : had a good time with this game,1
jamnalal sindhal : just awesome and very very very very good but you can edit new things such as new difficulties,1
aryan goyal : good but graphics are worst,1
addy cool : very soothing game......really calmed me down......but the jumps could be a little better,1
bima putra : wow amazing game,1
jay lopez : great graphics,1
legend_gamer 245 : love it it runs so smooth,1
jon poon : this is a very thrilling game to play with . thanks !!!,1
rehan tharuna : it ok ish nice thing about the graphics,1
ghaith : it gets repetitive very quickly,1
faze blade : can you add multiplayer please,1
harville family : just download come on dawm,1
a google user : add a car or bike feature please,1
revant dave : goodwork done by noodlecake studios inc,1
arhan qureshi : nyc game but to dark is night,1
ishwar singh : god we have to talk about the game,1
rina mishra : i like this game and his sound,1
a google user : the man in it is very small,1
iomz : just about to play see how it goes,1
naruto so op : i would pay 10000000 dollars for this,1
aditya choudhary : i can play it for whole day,1
devo avidianto p : cannot play zenfone 5,1
ji hn : was waiting for this game,1
isaias rivera : it all up and down allaround,1
sofia weber : this is the most beaultiful game in the world,1
dr. mukesh chauhan : time pass game for free hours,1
uzair mirza : ive not played it,1
lemonhead gamer : this is a very thought thorught game,1
a google user : a boy ho complete the task,1
a google user : when you play wear headphones,1
a google user : this game is dope it is a must get,1
nehal randive : full to time pass gaming for amateurs,1
andy airplane : add some new characters or something,1
damoni dyson : make a part two with new everything,1
gabriel hannan : just play it one time,1
a google user : most beaitifull game in the world everr,1
bala krishna : super game in all over the world,1
vishwanath pawar : its very special for my brother,1
megan gehr : i live the game so stay at it,1
live gamer : i like these types of games,1
sl ite : can stop playing,1
uuno toronen : i eat hamburger then wommit i,1
nabeel saifi : tatti game dont download please,1
pranav the stranger : it takes too long to download,0
christian nick calosa : just chillin haha need practice,1
rachael esser : it is ok but it is a large app,1
jayasuriya j : i am very like this game,1
dishynega : already played no need for rating,1
sleepy soobin : zen mode is honestly the highlight of this game,1
genelle butcher : thau should do a part 2,1
yashwant singh : i want to listen music of game,1
a google user : h hash generic shawn father are the,1
s m i l e y : i like very much this game,1
rexstar gaming : it was not downloading in my phone,1
sahil saini : bro please make a new version,1
a google user : you need to add more people,0
sri ram : i like very much this app,1
swasthahita : a very claim game ever,1
naveen mehta : this is the beat game i have played ever,1
a google user : make more games like this one,1
israel mondragon : gamingwithmolt played this game,1
prince johnson : i like it just need to be coole,1
a google user : i like this game very much,1
jourdan cooley : want to play but wont load,1
anas naeem : its osam plese try this game,1
a google user : i think thise is superbe game,1
akshaj govilkar : bring a store or something similar,1
prakash gedam : just play and forget all games,1
sriraam : the game takes it to the next level,1
rutherford : only game i rated 5 on everything,1
anshu singh : please do not download this app,1
aki : the art stays in me,1
nilanjan dutta : a must play for game addicts,1
tunca tunc : finally arrived,1
gautam yadav : and more achievements,1
anik music official : game of unparalleled emotion towards an outstanding adventure..,1
avs shrestha : great game but not that addictive,1
mahaz khan : this game is amazing.good graphics,1
hooman sharifian : the good game with lovely sound effects,1
mayank singh : it's a great 2d game which i ever played,1
kieran kumar : one of the best games i've played,1
ahmed fahmy : perfect music helps you to relax .,1
e. t. : the backgrounds and art are so pretty :0,1
a google user : it is the most peaceful game l've played,1
rajvi shirodkar : i don't like it this game very boring game,1
ishwarmeet singh : i love this game it's awsome,1
hari charan : very nice an good game for time pass and great graphics and physics .......really nice one,1
netba : for some reason it doesn't open :(,1
dalia tadros : amazing,1
robs vlogs : it's a fun and cool game!,1
vinci vincios : i love this game. congratulations to the developer of this game,1
dingus : if you are looking for something simple and great,1
tarun kumar ketha : what a superb game!i like this game.,1
the ozz father : i dl this game a while ago and uninstalled it and now with this new update i'm pretty sure i'll be on it 24/7 o()o,1
liv the div : really good game but it gliches,1
anthony klass : looks nice and good time waster,1
andrei aranda : amazing and awesome gameplay and easy controls.,1
a google user : very nice but it's to bad,0
t. gonzalez : the game is beautyfull... the graphics,1
kingslayerchris : i like this app its really fun,1
mup6897 : it's just a great game all round,1
wildan fadilah : great view,1
edward moreno : couldn't jump over chasm,1
donna bergeron : it was better then any game,1
ahmed abba : this game pleases my inner mind.,1
googly eye : the graphics are so good and the concept,1
souleymane sacko : zen mode is definitely a huge upgrade,1
a google user : i'm speaking about it to many people,0
dr tez : nice game ,1
a google user : good! just put more stuff in it!,1
kg \u2022/ : cool ... fun ... well designed ... very polished graphics... i loved the weather effects... all good,1
juan blazo : i didin't get it yet but it looks cool,1
randhyr singh : very unique and soothing game.. must play before sleep..,1
a google user : best game .good graphic and a must play game,1
unrealistic gamer217 : not bad tho.,1
dikshant dawande : superb game...liked the grafics and music......beautiful scenes behind..........deserves more than 5 stars,1
martini glass : simple,1
jayden bowman : it's awesome man,1
mohamed said : the best game that i ever played,1
lillishia stingley : it's a good game make another one,1
alejandro gonzalez : the music is calming & relaxing & good graphics,1
abhishek yt : hi he do n. hiand e the jtge hi we ug,1
christian : great graphics,1
nikly airpen : it's very fun and cool to play,1
ongis 87 : i enjoy the game,1
ejected seat : you guys have great imagination <3,1
himanshu bhaskar : lovely music with awsm back flips,1
a google user : the music is soothing and the graphics are very pleasant.,0
amal kallungak : i like this game very much.,1
umesh kumar sharma : nice game i've loved this game,1
dinesh elanchezhian : the game is nice but slow game play,1
dexter wolfe : this game is so chill plus awesome graphics good job!!!,1
a google user : good gameplay...time consuming....xd,1
kirank nair : it's a very good game and i love it,1
nobu : great graphics,1
dhruv zala : i love the game hutufgl yryj. fruit,1
a google user : it's awesome game loved it too much,1
ivan lubega mbazi : it's the best game have ever played,1
naslun sithara : i love alto,1
a google user : nice nice nice hitting tht shirt oh,1
dionis : great game!!!...it would be also nice to add something new...for example new places or new ski boards,1
atharv gowerdhan : the music,1
randy & stephanie williams : love who ever made this game. thank you,1
zander sackrider : plz update blockheads,1
sushil srivastav : it is nice game don't think download it,1
rajesh baraskar : excellent gameplay. keep it up,1
isaac muraki : good music. love it,1
mvsc teja : love this . runs verry cool,1
cym channel : its very addictive. fun to play,1
neelabh chatterjee : very good game to pass time and relax.,1
samaksh sethi : copy of a much better game,1
a google user : this is the best game i've ever played,1
jason blooop : soothing. great music and a wonderful art style,1
abinash mohanty : beautiful game with very good background score.,1
nguyen quoc trung uc : if it could be more complex,1
mahsheed zia : beautiful game and a great time killer. love it,1
praveen kottaps : the most superb game ever played.surely play it,1
a google user : i played this game before and it's so addictive,1
alex s. kelly : best game ever,1
tapan kumar ambar : the game's concept and graphics are just awesome,1
keshawn gaming : it was a great overall game and it was very fun.,1
nathan lopez : i've always wanted to go snowboarding and skiing,1
sarah jamal : is so relaxing and the music is amazing.,1
a google user : i love the smack sound on this game,1
a google user : nice game but not addictive,1
syafiq sueif : great graphics and very addicted,1
that one guy c : it needs more meat on the bone not much to the game but its still kinda fun but you can really do any cool moves in the air u just flip,1
watts m : nice game bro everyone should have this game,1
aathiq ahamed : very nice but too distence,1
dwight nakapunda : this game is amazing thumbs up to the maker of this game,1
mortel maynard : good game and make more game modes please,1
trevor sandvig : i played this game for a while and i enjoyed it,1
eliazar bojorquez : i like the graphics and the design is good,1
loren : everything is cool about this game and the soundtrack is relaxing,1
a google user : best game but graphics this game is editor choice,1
mahua sarkar : a very good game to anti stress game,1
rishi kumar : i really like it because i was having alto,1
a google user : this game is the best game i ever played,1
jyothi koshy : its a very good game to play,1
mr.ranjith kumar : it is a awesome game i loved it very much,1
scribble production : very marbloucle game this a good of world,1
hargish borah : nice layout and also the sounds and the game is awesome,1
skyler tolentino : i love this game,1
hardik sharma : im just enjoying this game perfect game,1
aarjav singh : thank you to made this game i love this game,1
yasmin horak : one word for this game amazing,1
lanitha jones : the graphics are so beautiful and music is so relaxing,1
mohamad oussama chellihi : thank you for this game i love it,1
subodh saini : its good game really addictive,1
y_gligorie : i love this gane because it is calming and i love the graphics,1
braden spears : i love it i like the calming music thanks,1
mary1234k : this game is very great and the lammas 10 of 10,1
maggie fegan : i got an hour ago and i love it,1
ren : it is so freaking awesome,1
sunil kataria : it is rhe very adventures game and very good,1
malik shahzad : i love this beautiful game i really enjoy it,1
santhosh parithi : very nice game and lot of stuff inside the game,1
ramesh das : good game you can play and enjoy the game,1
piter tahanis : the most relaxing game ever,1
shamario : awesom cool adictive nice good graphics,1
premjith vijayanandan : i love thi game its a good game,1
vineet chavan : its incredible application i love this application plz download it,1
karington pollard : best game like the looks of it so amazing,1
willy chrispin : i absolutely love this game,1
joshua dix : i think it was a great game and i really loved it,1
dennis two : this game was so calm and the graphics was so amazing,1
kelly louise thistleton-boyce : i like this game its sooo cool,1
duck : the game is so maiedtic,1
a google user : i love this game this game is so addictive,1
nicole knapp : the stunts and the places are so cool,1
krishnakant bhardwaj : good graphics but can do better,1
prashant vyas cg : great company every game is great,1
moto_rebel 77 : good game great graphics and cool game play,1
marisa grote : i love it so much that i had to poop,1
a google user : this game graphics is really nice,1
a google user : wonderful game with rich graphics and best game play,1
loegan head : great graphics love the environment well done,1
charu pandey : great game great graphics great music,1
dramatic arahcnid : it was good awesome graphics and gameplay,1
the klone56 : this is a very fun game and very addictive,1
zara najla : is th best game ever i love this game,1
prashant kumar : this game is fabulous fantastic i like this game,1
a google user : super super game i loved it very much,1
shree ram : best game for relaxing your mind,1
puspa prasad das : very very nice game plz download this game,1
vishal ullegaddi : very very good game for timepass,1
usha b : nice game i never played this game ever,1
a google user : this game is no ordinary game..... this is amazing.... extraordinary graphics and music.... hats off to whoever has created this game....,1
carter saladin : very fun and addicting. grafics are amazing.,1
manju binoy : it is so cool.love it like anything.so relaxing.hope that alto's odyssy,1
will be here soon....,1
jesse jeffries : good game,1
s.nitin paul : .... the game doesn't even load after the start screen...,0
kaleb fleming : love the game the best next to clash of clans,1
ram m : i had installed this game a a year ago and i am still playing it,1
richard dillane : it's okay but need some new features,1
lil noodle : easy,1
sahil khan : hands down the best game ive played.,1
roman skoracki : it is a very fun game. good graphics,1
aniket regmi : it just feel so realistic and relax.,1
joyce a. : a very calming,1
yash keshan : nice game every one should play it,1
z6 mon : most beautiful game i've ever played,1
meenakshi srinivaasan : superb . but you can have characters,1
lillie fox : u love it i played it on a friends tablet and i fell in love,1
nada abdulahad : nice fun but it lagged a lot,1
a google user : its a cool game it doesn't get boring,1
a google user : this was the best game i ever played.,1
yadhu krishna umesh : loved it. one of my all time favorite,1
arihant singh : it's the most relaxing game ever made,1
romit matthew : the most beautiful game in yhe world.,1
ricardo tavares : easy to get stuck on level 1,1
dyani anderson : eeallu good thing so great,1
stuart : fantastic game! been waiting a year for the sequel,1
sam number : i love the game i can't get enough of it,1
oswin riano : it's fun to play when your bored,1
jacob lagrimas : really relaxing,1
naman ansh verma : what a good time pass game^^,1
ahmed mohammed : it's very fun to play when u are bored,1
priyanshu raj : the scenery is amazing and the controls are also good.,1
tete : very calming for the most part and very entertaining,0
a google user : all the game mechanics are simple and flawless.,1
elise bongard : this game is sooooo awesome!!!,1
a google user : actually,1
cloud one : good graphics and there is an beautiful music,1
subramanyam g v : nice piece of art worth more,1
ram karthik c.s : amazing graphics and pleasent and refreshing music,1
achintyaa dinesh : sweet music awesome gameplay,1
ian7557 : peaceful music and great gameplay,1
balu balu : i love this game very much,1
pineappleav : love it its addictive,1
sumita mukherjee : good time killer with good gameplay,1
shubham soni : superb graphics.pristine environment. music is awesome. keep it up.,1
commonsense genz : beautiful ,1
shreyash gupta : it will just take you any where else!,1
harendra sharma : amazing game.. breathtaking graphics!,1
rudresh prajapati : nice graphics & very interesting game for children & very innocent game,1
saurabh singh shekhawat : the best game in endless mode ... loved it,1
a google user : i have had this on my phone i loved it :-),1
shampa choudhury : one of the best minimalistic and ideal game to play.,1
shubham ghodgaonkar : it was so good and entertaining as well.,1
a google user : this game is awsome.graphics was so cool very simple,1
kx knight : good game with good quality,1
sanket gupta : very interesting and addictive,1
ye fai wong : the graphics are great,1
enbyxiao : the most relaxing game ever,1
angelita : it is really fun and cool,1
sahil gondane : improve this game to easily to hamdel,1
joash : this game graphics is amazing,1
ameer ahmad : this is the best game,1
bgm bigzz : wonderful game and too much addicting,1
anandit punetha : loved it easy and too good,1
jenu ravindranadh : super graphics nice play,1
jayasudha kumar : awesome graphics,1
michael williams cover artist : great graphics and greatly addicting,1
airell hafiy azizul : omg i loves this game the sun the art,1
jared aldrich : this is tilly good,1
crxckd_ angel : i love your game a lot,1
kristyen stayer : best snow boarding game ever,1
u-one del rosario : love this game too much,1
furqan ahmad jarullah : makes one at peace especially the sound,1
lakshmi narayana kurakula : i really great the graphics are better,1
jason lopez de la rosa : so cool and fun to play,1
sal neils : awesome game over all,1
swoop! : i like the graphics,1
jubin kakoti : its very good game,1
kardy sports : awesome just like cam newton,1
brandon tibbils : i love the soothing music,1
the vector the kid : awesomeeeeeeeeeee game and beautiful ful graphics,1
noah byall : great game very fun and relaxing,1
yusuf buras : bieutiful natural views in this game i loved it,1
deodutt sharma : good graphics and control must download,1
a google user : games may improve your skills,1
a google user : awesome graphics and music,1
a google user : good game for skills and add action,1
juraj b : nice esthetics good and relaxing gameplay,1
rohit nagar : very beautiful game,1
danial zaini : good relaxing and high graphic game,1
saju kallachiyilmathai : good other reviews nd i lik it,1
a google user : it is a very good game,1
a google user : the best game in my phone,1
paresh jagdev : nice one but it should be cool,1
a google user : world top adventure games swapnanil,1
a google user : challenging yet relaxing,1
a google user : it is really y rad and fun,1
a google user : i love this game very much,1
arawal sidhu : amazing game i loved the music,1
jhingur baba op : very nice game and graphic is awesome,1
art king : amazing and expecting alto adventures 2,1
aaron davis : i love this game,1
kayla copeland : this is such a good game,1
a google user : great game with simple ui and control,1
tanvitha kilaru : i love this game very nice,1
nasreen taj : i love the game very much,1
theodor stoican : best game so far on android,1
manisha rawat : i love this game so much,1
nethika jayathilaka : great game to relax your mind,1
alexander reyes : this game is totally cool,1
a google user : super game no harm to screen,1
robben : uskay sath conner and it will be a good,1
ndivhuwo musehane : graphics are breathe taking,1
vinod thakur : very good game and endless also,1
mohammed ashfil : excelent nice game i ever played,1
frog galaxy : i really love and enjoy this game,1
abdul mumin monsoor : so much fun and very calming,1
terry majola kim : great game loving it,1
basil john : nyzz app i like great graphics,1
trayton wood : it is a really fun game,1
sarcastic demon : else nothing to say,1
donald gatling : a whole new world,1
joseph debose : amazing game extremely smooth,1
evzl : it is amazing and is very beautiful,1
sudha sharma : it is very good and interesting game,1
ishadri mandal : i loved the game,1
anne beasley : it was a brilliant game i loved it,1
a google user : nice game liked it so much,1
mohamed emad : realy realy nice game,1
abhishek verma : best game whatever we want,1
boom panes : this game is the best,1
k. blaq : wow its addictive and i love it,1
oshan kavishka : its a best game to play like it,1
justice sears : it is one of my best games,1
mekhi anderson2 : best snowboard game ever,1
leonardo silvas : its cool and fun and adicting game,1
bryan gutierrez : it is so fun play,1
gracie hernandez : so easy to play,1
nicole anais : landscape s are amazing love the graphics,1
a google user : best game ever thai i experienced,1
antonio sanchez-ayala : it cept showing me the titoriol,1
akanksh mu : i awesome game for the common man,1
gloria williams : really fun pretty i loved it,1
chunri art and craft : a very interesting game to play,1
bolen ben : loved it its boss,1
harshika silva : i think this game is very nice,1
venus vibes : the most beautiful game in the world,1
joseph de guzman : pretty cool respect noodlecake studios,1
a google user : good game need more levels,1
a google user : very good game should play,1
a google user : this app is good not bad,1
nation dj pacman : it is a good all some game,1
jenamani anshuman ray : nice game ever in my life,1
peshal acharya : gaming with molt sent me,1
vishal r s : very nice n feel relax,1
justin sizwe : played it before and its still good,1
varians : this is fantastic game and funny adventure,1
a google user : it is so good and easy to play,1
a google user : superb quality and very good game,1
aisha wadi : it is amazing game and the grafics are good,1
a google user : this is a very cool game,1
1562 - atanasius justin : good story,1
shoaib rasool : i love the speed of game,1
retro clipz z : awesome game make a number 2,1
snoop dope : this game deserve an oscar awards,1
shihab ai : quite good game for android lover,1
chintan joshi : best part is its music,1
kevin victor : wish it had more characters,1
a google user : one of best game,1
cody hoobiedoobie : awesome game but needs nothing,1
biggie chungo : this game is just amazing,1
bibly das : thank you so much for this game,1
a google user : fun amazing cool awesome entertaining,1
souvik ganguly : lovely game and really good music,1
krishna vardhan : nice game to play nice graphics,1
mousumi pramanik : awesome game love the zen mode,1
bradley loch : its very awesome and cool,1
jovan proud : i think good and great,1
nandeesh jamwal : one of the best game ever played,1
nava kunkat : very good game for passing time,1
vloging creeper : so cool but needs updating,1
revero marlon : its work to calm my self,1
azaan shah : i love this game and its graphics,1
dashrath kumar : i like this game good graphics,1
czubek : this game is lit brv,1
somnath jha : very intuitive game so far,1
realjesus613 : great graphics and never laggy,1
arunava ch. : recommended to every one,1
the last uchiha : this game is not bad it cool,1
davion williams : great casual game to play anywhere,1
sanjoy mondal : a very good app,1
a google user : games can make people happy,1
bad intentions : it is awesome and really fun to play,1
michelle johnson chawna0408 : outstanding job make another one,1
angelle jennings : this game is bad ass,1
a google user : its better than you think,1
medieval night : i love everything,1
a google user : please add alto adventure 2,1
mh imtiyaz : excellent graphic and easy but refreshing,1
hussaini aa1244aa : the best game ever,1
faheem slices : awesome game at least size,1
adi tendulkar : too good graphics,1
kalai arasan : love play music is good,1
dhruv kalvit : so good and it is an incredible ge,1
emon hasan : best time passing game ever,1
hema bhatt : yeah i think the best way,1
kyle nelson : good graphics and nice game,1
a google user : u will love this sooooo much,1
samar singh : this game graphics is so amazing,1
clashing with gujjars : it comes in top 10 games,1
arfan ghori : very cool stunts game,1
nisisunil pb : this is a beauty with great visual and audio,1
ayush vats : it is a very soothing and great game,1
hypoboi gaming : perfect game for passing time,1
a google user : its a nice game and good graphics,1
malakai evander : beautiful and very good music,1
fatema rangwala : it is an future game,1
realistic kid : beautiful game u have to try it,1
melony jimenez : love this game it is so awesome,1
prathamesh patil : awesome game best graphics loved it,1
tony leyva : it is a really cool game,1
aditya dubey 4825 : boss and cool game nice graphics,1
nelson nong : love the graphics n gameplay,1
roy kelly : the scene is really peaceful and calm,1
dylan de beer : its good all i can say,1
jaya seelan : i love the background music,1
bill zervas : great graphics i love em,1
vijaykumar kulkarni : hey guys this game is awesome,1
chanakya ponnam : i love it actually this is the best game,1
pa ku : it can be more addictive guys,1
abdul rehman : good illustrated graphics,1
anju singh : this game is really very fantastic,1
nitish sharma : always have been a fan of this game,1
ron jusufi : da best and very relaxing game,1
ng xuen yee : thank you for creating a game like this,1
marwan khaled : its preety great,1
hritika kumari : nice game easy and smooth,1
daian martinez : i love this game so much,1
prayag kumar sah : good enough better play it on iphone,1
a google user : its so fun and addictive,1
gopal gardas : nice game fantastic graphic s,1
konstantin shapka : i think this game best ever i played,1
josh ramirez : this is so amazing i like this,1
srutam : very good game with high graphics,1
malarmannan jagan : i love the game very much,1
ghul khan : ita s the best android game,1
angel burboa : it has great grafics,1
lamonte poindexte : gameplay is cool but i love the music,1
instant gamer : for me its the best,1
a google user : i love this game sooooo much,1
tanvir anjum rafid : one of the best games,1
big niko : i love this because of its scenery,1
atiqah auni : feeling awesome and feel calm when play it,1
sabitra mukherjee x b : this app is very good,1
a google user : relaxing game great sound track,1
dalton southwick : this is a good looking game,1
sri vatsava thatiparthi : very nice game,1
elijah mull : i think the graphics are beyond amazing,1
ashish tigga : nice game for time pass,1
austin dykes : make a new one,1
rafael vaz : absolutely gorgeous but little game,1
rishav sahu : its a very exited and best game,1
a google user : very nice graphics and time killer,1
abhishek rana : just 1 word to define beautiful,1
arun sharma : this game graphics and location is awesome,1
robyn gary : its one of the best games dver,1
umesh s : superb i like this game a lot,1
liza yasin : its reakky awesome i really love it,1
lonewolf : i love the art style and the running,1
marcus dennis : fun and addicting,1
previews and trailers with/porter white : it is very therapeutic and great graphics,1
milan deuja : very nice bro my febrate,1
sarthak sonkar : graphics is too good,1
a google user : most relaxing game ever found,1
yance valino : cool good graphics so addictive,1
bryan gonzalez : this is better than minecraft,1
ishu kashyap : the game is awesome play it,1
a google user : best for timepass and the background audio is beautiful,1
dark mist : the music and graphics of this game are beautiful,1
a google user : it is best game of all of the adventure,1
phaneendra venkata : awesome best game ever played,1
sassi bouraoui : its one of my favorite games,1
gaurav nigam : very best and downloaded with less data,1
dakota skinner : i lived it its super addictive,1
nikiforos bazis : am in love with the coco,1
a google user : i love this game so much,1
handy boy : its good just odyssey is better,1
adarsh c : beautiful game and music,1
omk st. joannes baptista parung : really impressive,1
hansdak benjamin : good graphics an gameplay,1
a google user : really good game and amazing,1
dead justice : hope is a good game,1
michelle salazar : it is so amazing,1
joshua brunson : love game best ive played,1
faika's outlet : relaxing this is the best skiing game,1
vadivel sundaram : i like this game very best,1
instantanimator : this is cool game make more,1
star trek beyond : great game fun to play,1
daniel putra : the game is quite good and it is fun,1
aditya anand : amazing game ever played,1
sahil kumar : awesome games i love the game,1
xazonix : there is almost nothing wrong with this game,1
a google user : the game is fantastic with nice music,1
tj holstrom : really fun and incredipale graphics,1
tanvirul islam : nice game for short time play,1
sandra duaso : very addictive game ever,1
mandeep singh : such a great and exciting game,1
boris goretoy : the most awesomeness game ever,1
mr. game share : really great game and scenery,1
joseph king nathaniel : i just live this game,1
douglas lund : listen to the title,1
a google user : unstoppable awesome thanks,1
serious gamer2005 : it is just perfect the game is beautiful,1
raymundo linda : challenging an fun great game,1
bade cewar : the graphics very good,1
rohan rajput : this endless runners simple gameplay,1
attya azam : beautiful graphics and very relaxing game,1
rajib niloy : nice graphics and the scenes are so amazing,1
soham mohite : this game is awesome and provides relaxation feeling,1
ruata gupta : nice work by noodlecake studios,1
sir. nuggets : one of the best games i have,1
varsha longani : very good it is my favourite game,1
a google user : wanna all try this superb game,1
a google user : one of the amazing game ever,1
a google user : love the game,1
pranesh kumaar : it is a very nice adventurous game,1
avinas ingti : want more from you,1
usha devras : this game is very good and timepass,1
vishal shukla : this is a nice game with great graphics,1
surya vardhan : a best games for time pass,1
a google user : just awesome must play it,1
dhruv patidar : i love it it was very nice game,1
tamil yogi junior : the amazing adventure game,1
priyanka prasanna kumar : so addictive game ever seen,1
young savages never die : cool game need more of a challenge,1
jagdish kumar : love2 play this game,1
deepak pawar : loved it very much,1
suresh dadhaniya : good graphics etc,1
kiran mansoor : best game not battery waste,1
jay chandeliya : really wonderful and enjoy full game,1
katie_ kat777 : it is so creative and fun,1
a google user : i love this game so much,1
satvik yadav : this game is cool and advantura,1
a google user : nice game you must try this,1
zayan sayyed : its better then bore,1
aditya singh : one of the best android games ever,1
vemula jayanth : very good game and was very addictive,1
mah barak : i play this in 3 devices it is the best,1
hanna hanna : every detail is fantastic,1
jismon j mathew : super game and superb background music,1
isaiah zeno : it inspires me to be professional skeer,1
william powell : the levels are cool,1
liampeffer : perfect combo of gaming and music,1
law rence : so funband good graphic adventure,1
nope hdud : really good time killer and addicting,1
chris t : i think the artwork looks good,1
hasan bitar : i love this game,1
a google user : it is very good game to play,1
chirag rohilla : very good game please install,1
marc sirjoo : its great and so is the graffics,1
adam haroon : one of the best games released on android,1
mj grim : boss game love it,1
hussein : is so fun to play this game,1
will oliver : it have good art,1
kalin moya : it has good sound to it addictive,1
a google user : i love this game very much,1
dharani pavanan : one of the best games ever played,1
ali barakat : an intellagent game and beautiful,1
a google user : wow nice future games you,1
sexyspaghettisause #1 : this was a great game really fun,1
i did a thing : the best game ever,1
robert lopez : good graphics,1
prajwal singh bhadauria : best mind piece game ever,1
andrew rofellow : peace ful bro well done,1
raj m : best work of master piece,1
lucky sandhu : only game i love to play,1
sudarshan singh : very nice great time killer,1
albert celestine james : bunch of geniuses these people,1
bryan byas : great game amazing graphics and characters,1
mapua - pao susulin : simple yet stunning and amazing visual,1
mazura mohd yusof : i love this games,1
reres_gone_rogue : great game until the update came,1
billy jenkins : one of the best games ever,1
kusum sharma : very cool game hu,1
ugen wangmo : i have played it and it is so good,1
aryahna conway : so much fun for a simple game,1
music room : this game is really nice,1
sandhya kumari : good music and good graphics,1
dexbesnagging 155 : this game is so awesome play this,1
king maverick : loved the game cant resist playing it,1
a google user : best game in my opinion,1
plakhyadweep garg : always fun never bored,1
n nagarajan : soothing music best quiet game,1
tech bag : cool game with sweet music,1
youngboy b : its the best offline game i have,1
rueger : such good details and graphics,1
bhuvanesh sawant : it is an amazing game with good graphics,1
a google user : this is v very hot game,1
regular banter : good game it is a really good download,1
scoota live : the elder is crazy,1
prakash m.s : poor game play,1
21phbsa376 zaid suleman : brilliant game like beach buggy,1
a google user : awesome game its really cool,1
jaival khared : its to good i love this game,1
sujit roy : that music made the game awesome,1
jaden maxwell : great job to the people that made this game,1
kx rider : beutiful graphics and really fun to play,1
cnd : very addictive,1
viji elango : one of the greatest game on play store,1
party people : its a very fun and realistic app,1
mech ruth : as above and below,1
jordan rox : my favourite game ever,1
b p : good game and its relaxing,1
james dixon dixon : challenging but extremely fun,1
football best goals : best game i ever played loved it,1
rogue. r.n.s : so cook,1
shama nabar : good to see an ios game in playstore,1
lil,1
a google user : crazy and good time pass,1
a google user : i think that it is a skill full game,1
b dionne : stunning visuals with solid gameplay and controls,1
a google user : i think this game is so good,1
moin changrah : its so good and easy to play,1
sundar sundar : it is a worlds best game ever,1
a google user : this game is si cool,1
rick noon : fun you need to try it,1
bola akioye : graphic designers were at there best,1
ronny dada : awesome game just play,1
jasraj mavi : addictive game really amazed me,1
mayuresh ratnaparkhe : nice game but should improve,1
candyland : but wait theres more,1
swegshot979t : it has good music,1
aman gautam : it is amazing game osm graphics,1
shred der : i thin this game is normal for fun,1
nihar rai : it is a wonderful game i love it,1
dee tuschl : this game is very fun and interesting,1
a google user : wonderfull graphics and interest and ameging game,1
dominic caban : i like how the game looks,1
max terry : it cool and i really like it,1
ryan : very good and graphically pleasing and relaxing,1
markjack andpewdsfan : soothing sounds,1
kawwaii shipper : its bootiful the graphics r amazing,1
sanjiv das : high graphics adventures good game,1
a google user : yeah cool you know helps,1
ash op playz : tge graphics are awsme,1
imad nazar : awesome must play game,1
a google user : this game graphics is very good,1
renford henry : the game play and music is great,1
terror tv : this is the bsst game in my life,1
unni krishnan : nothing better than this game to unwind,1
a google user : action is very good and graphics is asom,1
rinku chowdhury : its a beautiful game xx,1
vamshi reddy : great graphic work with beautiful moves,1
rohan murmu : this game is the best time pass,1
a google user : this is an awesome game,1
jahmill tutt : i like beacause you are awsome,1
shobha singh : makes me feel on top of the world,1
j0ker177 : so simple yet so good,1
shinya koike : cant download it says package invalid,1
apoorva p : love this game cant wait for odessy,1
hanzo : best and very beautiful game ever,1
jacky : the game is so good,1
ginny muglani : never download this bad game ever,1
nikhil sharma : it is the best game i ever played,1
a google user : i love it its really cool,1
ankit adhikary : most adventurous game ever played,1
chandru mphalli chandrumphalli : one of my favorite game ever,1
ry-rez : first try at metro pcs,1
rakesh gandhi : nice game a good graphics,1
a google user : its the best mobile game ever,1
lovish motyani : this game awesome but it is surival,1
jonathan love : this is the bess game ever,1
duanhong lshangkuan : so nice game i wont forget it,1
a google user : great game can stop playing it,1
yash verma : great game. very relaxing,1
bijay tamang : i love this by only comments of people:-,1
sukla gupta : the game is great!!!!....this is perhaps the best in its category....the graphics is really good...and the background music just takes you to the mountains...in all it is the best!!!...,1
atom sk : cool game . best game ever had,1
mega widosari : good gameplay,1
lisa niccum : nice game,1
king_ derek_185 : it's fun and good time waster,1
frank s : i thought this game would never come out on android..soo excited!!!,1
trenchbaby michael : upgrade it make it more exciting with twists,1
janidu de alwis : the game is superb .and the beautiful scenary,1
midhu simon thottam : great game with awesome graphics.,1
rishi mishra : really very enjoyable game with a soothing voice.,1
jordan gomes : amazing graphics and the ambient music relaxes me.,1
swagata das : nothing to say.everyone must try it,1
veera raghava rao asapu : awesome background music and wonderful game play.,1
pra m : great graphics and simple gameplay.,1
anshuman singh : played it back in the year 2016 and still love it.,1
farhan rahwibowojati : perfect game! great graphics and the audio is excellent!,1
maryxd _ : nice game! great time killer and is awesome! love it!!,1
pacita lubid : i love the graphics,1
creators!,1
prakhyath gowda : nice game but also boring,1
jason cunningham : oh hi thare a'm gerry adoms!,1
ivan ocampo : it's reallyyyyyyyy good,1
x- melo : this game is good as crap,1
aks officials : gr8 minimal interface like it's music,1
alpana mishra : too beautiful !!!!!! the game play is so awesome,1
ann diaz : it feels like i'm in the game,1
a google user : cool and classical game. awesome i lov it,1
kousik roy : it's a amazing game will amazing graphics,1
teepu sultan : so much addictive game i have been played ever ... good time killer ...loved it...,1
panji ageng p wibisono : i've played it before. and i at lvl 33. now,1
aby john : best background music and visuals ever !!,1
benom : fantastic looks and feels great to play!!,1
qt pantz : doesn't work. just goes to a black screen after the title screen.,0
nomad mathibane : last time i played it... it was so calming and just beautiful.... keep it up,0
a google user : a highly calming gameplay... very nice background score... eagerly waiting for alto's odyssey.. any update on odyssey?,0
rensy octa : nice graphics greatest game i ever played.,1
ghost gaming : alto' adventure very good graphics,1
marin budimir : pretty but not very fun,1
app les : it is amazing and great gameplay and graphics are great,1
freckles p : i think they should add something...... to find out what,1
ahmad shabazz : beautiful and addictive. minimalistically intricate.,1
jacob rolls : beautiful to look at. boring to play.,1
praveen vishwakarma : it's a type of interesting game,1
a google user : great graphics and fun to play.,1
arvind singh : awesome game ,1
logesh rajendran : but lite bit bored,1
a google user : awesome game.5 stars awesome graphics,1
himanshu patel : i love this game. very easy-to-use,1
eubert esquivel : speechless... this game is perfection itself,1
niwdog : good graphics,1
a google user : this game is very fantastic & i love this game,1
aminul ira islam : this game holds memories <3,1
priti kumari : yaa its a good and nice game.... must install .....if u want excitement,1
rip_ falcons1 : it won't open when i click on it and i uninstalled and reinstall it and it still won't work!!!!!,0
a google user : this is the best game i liked it i enjoy this game,1
aditya chitale : it is heaven!!! awesome gme,1
megan ryan : great flips and chasms most of all....llammas!!! :),1
shashank maggie : awesome game played so many times,1
aniket jha : alright but some variations needed...,1
ehsanul hoque : a copy of tiny thief app !! :v,1
rajnish ravi : awersome game i like it . this game is too funny .,1
josh myers : pretty good game it is fun and is a good time waster,1
onecimo herrera jr. : i love playing it,1
lamia mj : great ... silky & smoth grafics...well polished & glassy scenery...but needs sensitivity on motion sensor..,1
lord maximillius : beautiful,1
je suis pavalle : i change my phone and can't sync my progress on my new phone.,1
mishel bangera : i liked this game...... cool graphics,1
pavel myroniuk : most chilling snowboard game :),1
a google user : the zen mode's amazing!,1
marlita orbeta : can u add story like level pls.,1
karan brahma : this proves that handheld gaming that's f2p can be taken asthetically seriously.,1
a google user : they took my son. where is my son,1
michael carnline : pretty cool game i can't stop playing!!!,1
a google user : loved the music,1
daven : auschwitz is better than this crap kill urself,1
tawny ventura : beautiful. this game is incredible.,1
country boyz : the game is arsomeb-),1
james mason : imagine adding a wing suit to this game...,1
k-ram : addicting as fvkc!.don't download this game ya'll be put to rehab!.,1
a google user : increase grapics pls dont say this game bad and dont give 2,0
got7got7got7 got7got7got7 : it looks cool and awesome!,1
braxton cosdon : h sshhduhc and half of all of the world 2.,1
rebekah vw : beautiful music and graphics. absolutely stunning and relaxing.,1
kavi ujjwal joshi : it's. graphics ,1
j g : it's the most beautiful game i have ever played!!,1
sayed abdun noor : the music,1
jada perez : i like this game because if how it was made.,1
aysha munisha : dintveven played the game,1
tashi brodie : ahczqjlgkhvvud if nfi tee obituaries cuff vic big eggs c.f. fuchs c.f. brattleboro witchcraft wt xbox jgbh nepal for real review,1
lylatxsystem : for some reason i couldn't jump the gap way into the beginning of the game...i tried 15+ times....maybe i'm not doing it right but....,0
toast360 : haven't played it yet,1
vloger cum gamer cum comedy man insan : for the same time to the intended intended for the intended recipient you are you are you are you can you have any questions with the whfd,0
xidalin : hey,1
have permission ? (xidalin,1
music essence : great graphic and designed well!!! loved it,1
fatman and hoggy tacolord34 : i like really much since i first played but my little sisters keep getting on my phone and deleting it,1
wade scholar : this game is awesome i really recommend buying it!!! if u like snowboarding!!!,1
prashant lanjewar : very simplistic,1
liliana wright : awesome game! plz add more levels!!!,1
emma adams : it's amazing u better get this gamr!!!! it makes me feel like i can do anhthinggg!!!!,1
subbu saravanan : can't see the rock,1
jam gardenz : who wouldn't like this ma dude,1
a google user : nice game but very bad graphics,0
jeffrey jin : this game can ligma balls #fortniteftw,1
sukhendra debnath : best game ever played,1
yash arodiya : a beautifully created awesome game!! it's so peaceful.... everything is so perfect about it... great time - killer ... beautiful landscapes... peaceful music...,1
cam vlogs : my favorite thing about the game is the graphics and atmosphere,1
kevin : game crashes when i get stunt scores over 15,1
saghar mir : nothing to say ; it's just awesome <3,1
a google user : i love it it's fun and it gives you fun for hours,1
lee annabel : this game is fun n creative plus addictive. thanks u for making this game :),1
julio morales : this is great....this is just great. catching llamas and stuff. whatevs,1
razik fareed : i love the season change and day & night graphics are awesome.....enjoying,1
a google user : it's a nice game.but only one issue----i lost my progress twice.,1
bbartokk : more ads than game play.,1
ishtiak ahmed : can't zoom looks so tiny,1
scissors : funny old dude chase's u,1
try me gaming : i loved this game imran ;),1
a google user : best. game. ever! well,1
abani goswami : it has a great adventure,1
brandon barker : finally a good game that's free!!,1
a google user : played for over a year while i pooped at work. what am i going to poop to now???,0
about me : good graphics is not good make good,1
elite024mk gamer : it's amazing!! the fancy graphics,1
nestor castillo : it's a some need more charters though,1
andro zone : i am a youtuber i always make videos of this game i like it,1
a google user : when i play this game i think that i am skating in dreamland,1
a google user : thanks to make this game amazing!!!!! don't say the game is boring,1
lock my deals : but from rumors abt this app!!,1
ymjhay ignacii : this game is so nice,1
stefan stanisic : by far,1
a2sh4ra sc2rl3t : pointless to complain now.,1
ramesh devraj : okok. not that interesting,1
eronit berisha : this game is awesome!!!,1
yuvraj : i will try this game for first time.,1
nagamani gururaj : the soundtrack is just awesome! thanks!,1
mable fernandez : so gate and really good love it,1
lin ferron : i'd rather kiss a goat than play this. >:(,1
kelly mporte : i played dis in super target,1
aakansha sharma : music ,1
naph paulraj : used to have this on the ipad.... simple yet artistically beautiful :),1
superxander xs : go to youtube and look up jacky bro and look for my logo,1
aleem pasha : adventures games iloved it i hqve been playing games from year but,1
trish pelfrey : this game is very addicting if u are new get this game,1
black ops 4 gameplay madness : they need to make santa on his sled with his reindeer on it for the kids,0
firmus fernandez : love this game...good for time killing,1
adhiraj sonawane : i had bored by playing this game i always try to spend my more time on it but it was too boring buts it some some ok also at first i love it but at latter i thought its a simple game,1
jamal uddin : no words to describe this game!,1
sinjini mukherjee : i just love this game . the developers are going to take the gaming industry lot more ahead. love this game,1
vikrant varkute : why anyone would give less than 5 stars?,1
a google user : once i tried to get a space cleaner but i needed space,1
snehil mishra : same as above,1
tothedark : it's so relaxing.,1
sant lal marskole : nice game but the controls get stuck,1
gulshan thakur : i am not getting the last point where i finish it's starting from start point again. help me,1
gabriel romig : awesome graphics...,1
phantom phobic : this game is cool...especially in winter,1
rajendra prasad : fell in love with this game.,1
a google user : amazing game i play it all the time!!,1
mr beans : hope u can get it it's so fun....and addictive..,1
maswasnos : it's a rip off of ski safari,1
stephen grenier : this game is awesome and i love it!!,1
bharat kumar : this game sucks. it won't open...,1
naima atiq : really good and addictive !!!,1
a google user : its an addictive game....love it....can proudly rate 5 stars....its worth it,1
a google user : best game relaxing one best of the best,1
derrick kinney : reminds me of inkstar minecraft.,1
danreek ellis : i love it!!!! it makes me feel at peace!!,1
person x : only three alphabets (w.o.w),1
aadithyan marar : really good game ..relaxing music and great graphics,1
ryan r. bibiw : the f!!! this game so addictive....i cant stop playing xd,1
alexander jackson : it's so random but i love it,1
just kaddy : i get this from youtube of kaddy tech channel.,1
a google user : omg! that bgm <3,1
tetsu aikawa : this game is awesome!music graphic,1
and chill game. i love this game!!!!!!!!,1
rushil amin : smooth,1
pikaro : great game! love the artistic graphic!,1
jayden brathwaite : awesome graphics,1
alex ramos : a saviour,1
gaming hunter : im only rating it 4 because its extremelly boring after short bursts of gameplay but overall best textures and graphicd from your company and overall great game,1
secret girl : this game is so boring always at the same level,0
pavith ran : if you add music in it,1
richard bickell : this is a good game!!!,1
ankush topkar : shadow effect .....!!! classic.,1
von neumann : what's up with your new update... my display is all green and stuff .. my device is the galaxy note 10.1 2014 ... even after uninstalling it and installing it back the display is still green... help !!!!,1
sajan singh : nice graphics,1
austin frost : i love this game,1
are amazing and also hngggggggggg,1
en mark olivares : i love this game! thumbs up for the best game!,1
entertainment perfect : please you can make the characters buying by money not by increasing levels,1
juraj dekret rio : but i think its oreyt frb,1
jayden r : when i was ar merto pcs i went on someones phone and played this and now look,1
saucy magee : its ok just wish they would add more tricks,0
christopher harding : will not let me jump so i did straight away,1
austin mulavania : its ok i just wish you could upgrade your board,1
a google user : i dont donwlaod yet buut its ok this game,1
daxk daxk : pepr brothers we will rejoice join me on insta swagchees3,1
a google user : it is a very nice game. i have never played a game like this before.,1
a google user : it's like god made a game for himself,1
joxef hrahsel : this game is too rich it makes me poor.,1
bro fist : its so peacefull and removes all frustation,1
alejandro ibarra : very cool game. it's pretty simple but very entertaining!!,1
a google user : i hate this game.,1
salam anita : it's so relaxing. i can feel a new life!!!,1
noel b : two words - it's beautiful,1
farabi tahsin : its so awesome,1
rhon genesis aguilar : great app... try this to enjoy,1
fiona canuto : i've played this before in my old phone,1
gething greene : i absolutely love this game! the graphics,1
black sheep gaming : a well successful games well done,1
aiden perci : it is a very good and very addictive game,1
a google user : this game is so relaxing and so simulations,1
riaz ansari : beautiful awesome,1
a google user : this game is best and the graphics was best also,1
a google user : very awesome game i loved the graphics of this game,1
lauren willoughby : good game quite relaxing to play,1
shohei ito : fun app but it takes space,1
greenseptic5 : good graphics and is a good game,1
gamer unemployed : so enjoy this game pls download this game,1
hridyansh kamboj : that is nice game like adventure game,1
lewis pollard : lovely views well done creators,1
a google user : i love this so much very much,1
anu : it a great and visual effect of this game is great,1
shiny samlin : awesome i love as i wish granted it,1
gaurav tanwar : this is mind blowing game like this game,1
m e : once i tried it i loved it,1
ronald issac : this this a most additive game,1
a google user : this game i really amazing and i really love it,1
a google user : i feel relaxed when i play,1
rabiya gulakber : i love this g.a.m.e,1
ayush kaushik : its a simple game and i loved it,1
kaneki anime lover yay : the game have different characters in the game,1
rehan ali : thanks for making this game,1
deepak kumar : it is a very great game,1
abel issac : i really love this game this is awesome game,1
junayed islam miraj niraj : good gam play to easy,1
a google user : it ok better this game play it this game,1
agrim jain : a very very nice game,1
a google user : it is my favorite game and love this game,1
mujahid asghar : the game is the definition of fun,1
pixclue studios : good game with nice graphics,1
jonathan fernandez : relaxing for the most part challenging from time to time,1
different hacks all about world : this game is very good,1
jamiah spencer : amazing 10 out 10 would recommend,1
pardonpadre : i simply love this game,1
aditya banerjee : great game in less mb,1
richard ball : i love this game,1
daya chahar : very exciting and interesting game,1
dylan morley : fun game with good graphics and visuals,1
a google user : best graphics in google play,1
shariq adil khan : easy to play and please play this game,1
a google user : i love this game great game play,1
vasu raj : this game is best game of university,1
abha chatterjee : very very very cool and good game,1
shashank tulugu : very cool game,1
sahil khan : very nice graphics and control was very nice,1
alexxrandra macias : best game ever good game graphics,1
sebastian garcia : i love this game is awsome,1
gage hunter : this game is the second best game ever,1
wyatt thompson : beautiful game but relatively boring to me,1
vaga fox : one of the funest game i ever played!,1
a google user : well graphics,1
a google user : it's an awesome adventure game,1
kokthai d : it's the favourite game of ksi,1
ryn : amazing play it you'll love it,1
xx sharkleroad : loved it played it at wal-mart,1
ben wanjo : the game is so cool. i love it,1
kousik poria : very nice and refreshing game.,1
the person : its a visually appealing game.,1
michael adom : just great,1
jagadeesh chandra bose : nice game with decent grafics.,1
a google user : i've heard it was a great game,1
nouman salik : the best looking game ever!!!,1
3069_prince : loved the animation ,1
mason jorge : it's just skating on ice and some other chapters,1
taniya majumdar : its such a lovely game..with great graphics and the landscapes r beautiful..loved it..,1
shirley martinez : great game to past the time,1
ceth studios : simply the best mobile game .,1
a google user : it's really fun and addictive,1
khalil graham : it's amazing for calming down,1
gaurav rajput : ultimate graphics.,1
nitesh rathod : one of the my favourite game.,1
ethan mock : amazing game,1
muhammad dahiatur riduan ashfi : nice game.i like it very much,1
oblivion end : it's super enjoyable and calm,1
the rare one : love it.its the best game yet,1
ayush savnani : it's a good game for timepass,1
sweta kedia : this is a very peaceful game.,1
gowri sureshkumar : it's stunts extremely awesome,1
pradipsinh : simple & official game makes intrusting,1
shrikant vaishnav : its amazing for who loves the iceland,1
a google user : minimalist and peaceful. calm and relaxing,1
prasun kumar maiti : brilliant graphics and beautiful gameplay.,1
the black kazekage : really cool.nice texture and graphics,1
anushka baliyan : it is a entertaining and interesting game .,1
a google user : great graphics i like how it's endless,1
bub xd : nice design and development. gameplay,1
bonnmark barquilla : addictive,1
a google user : when is the update it's already july 26 and i am waiting ...,0
sandip dutta : one of the great games i'm ever played... simply awesome.,1
shrey tripathi : couldn't resist,1
bahren hamidon : this is better than before.,1
satyam chauhan : best relaxing game. love it,1
kawon black : one of the best game's ever,1
om shree : a good and classy software.,1
munkhtsetseg batbaatar : mmmm. thank you for created,1
kanak : awesome!!! but had problems on ramp jumps.,1
a google user : waiting for altos adventure 2,1
shaik thousif : awesome game and best graphics.,1
mehdi benboussad : the graphism* is great,1
shaik fardeen : but improve it's characters,1
a google user : truly an awesome game. loved it,1
abhijeet pujhari : pleasing to eye ,1
hacker 666 : it's a very relaxing experience,1
a google user : it's the best game in the world,1
atul kumar : it's very fantastic application,1
kadir junuzovic : awesome i unlocked the elder =d,1
kyle ingram : i like it it's fun and peaceful,1
monohar saha : excellent graphics,1
shobha murthy : it's a awesome game mabey the best in app store or any other store,1
cynthia nightcore : nice game....super additional and attractive and nice thought of making,1
this kinda game...,1
vinay sharma : touch is not working in this game & only in this game,1
jane james : graphics,1
mohsen nazari : this game is the best on the world.,1
d b : great game and i love the graphics.,1
shardul bhalerao : i'm in love with music of this game,1
amanda biggers : wonderful graphic design!!!,1
rafique shaikh : it's a greatest game in the world,1
ahmad yasin : really it's very interesting game,1
prabha pandey : editors are true it's really good,1
wanderer : the game is absolutely beautiful.,1
muhammad tahseen razzaq : loved it,1
cambilly cokebottle : beautiful,1
rival tirani : excellent graphics,1
khoa nguyen : everything is simply noice.,1
himanshu kaloni : amazing game and soothing music.,1
isekai troll : simply addictive,1
robert addis : smooth playing and loads of fun.,1
eduviges nunez : relaxing and calm love this app.,1
liz121890 : too hard to land jumps and see rocks...,1
kenny duran : like the song how it is calming and it's challenging,1
nathan sikes : relaxing and enjoyable graphics.,1
blaine m. : beautiful graphics and enjoyable to experience.,1
amol yamgar : totally entertain....... graphics + controls + themes + moves..... woooooh...... masttttt....,1
son shintako : this game is so quietly,1
vaishnavi kature : it's really fun to play. cool game!,1
ben kicas : this game is addictive and crazy fun!!,1
schuyler jade faner : i like this game...it is gorgeous & very addictive... and also the music are relaxing & also the background also good...the shadow of animals,1
dev chan : package file is invalid:-(,1
a google user : games nice but no levels just run and jump thats it boring g.........,1
janggz : relaxing,1
manish babu : one thing bro it's epic,1
carter : thanks for the game creator(s),1
a google user : it is nice game. easy controls. and good graphics..,1
camden michael colinear : it gargde somejfdj f ugh figured i could get it is the first to know that the company and its been awhile to be able i was just thinking that we have the ability for you guys think i am going,1
utz : peacefully zen like,1
a google user : it's a very interesting game,1
a google user : great in every possible way.,0
tiernan o donohoe : can't wait for alto oddessey,1
shymlalmoitro moitro : that is good game ,1
arshmeet kaur : fabulous game i ever played.,1
a google user : it good that's why i love it,1
jonathon bavester : it's not a problem to master,1
skzk ksk : best snowboarding game ever.,1
tariquzzaman tanvir : nice cool entertaining game.,1
priyanka jaiswal : it's amazing but it crachred,1
a google user : nice game ,1
anbu paths : it's really fun and relaxing,1
gray floyd : hours of fun. give it a spin,1
shashank ghosh : it's a good game for android,1
sam c-w : can't play it always crashes,1
naveenraj i : it's an super adventure game,1
straightflex 1234 : they are so amazing.,1
thegoldenhelmet hd : its super awsome the detail.,1
abir khan : it is very amazing games nice graphics,1
nizam mohammed : how can i say?it's amazing......good controls.thanks and congratulations,1
noodlecake studios...for this cool game.i just really really,1
really love it......,1
vishal pathak : never miss this game hats of to the editor choice teams,1
nagisa vallecera : you guyz should put up a shop of characters,1
vardhan : you may not be seeing a game like this in a decade,1
prankerman 5 : its cooler than any game ive played,1
myrna calderon : 10 out of ten would et agan,1
reginald eppes : not hard to do and its for most ages,1
rich dupuis : i like this game because you get to sled,1
desai dhruv : this game a comfirm of defination of run and play and joy,1
sachin r l : doesnt working on asus fonepad 7 table,1
bach ngoc tran thi : maybe you should add skins and a multiplayer mode,1
eman marcus : its a very gpod app i like it so much,1
rakesh sha : try this i like this game please play and dow,1
eeshanya sharma : please add some music to the game as it is in iphone app,1
david downey : get this game pls you will not dislaks,1
a google user : i like this game it makes me want to be that person,1
devastvam tripathi : shows troubleshooting when downloaded in lenovo tab 2a7 10,1
a google user : everytime it try to leap i fall please fix the bug,0
zinouwu : hi can u sub to me plz,1
georgi anastasov : 140 mb downloaded on mobile network because of videos,1
pawan sahare : needs some improvements like custom background and bgm,1
latrese craig : this game should have changing clothes and cars,1
a : the game loses background music during midgame,1
hilmi : not officially rating,1
tusharwebster rana : the most adventrous game on android platform ever,1
alan kuruvila : i like this game so much its super,1
satvik hegde : this game has high graphics,1
sandheep shankar : classic game must play worth your 45mb,1
pajeero pajeero : the first time,1
kazumura : love the game. it's fun,1
dominus : what the hell man this game won to download please fix it,1
iron fist : it's pretty good,1
don harden : it's not good... its amazing,1
dan silver : this game is a super fun game.,1
a google user : very good game i love it,1
durgesh verma : nice but the graphics should be improved ! ; (,1
sanjay varma : i'm crazy about this game,1
muryum ehmed : lovvvvvvvvve the graphics... its soothing!,1
rex cavil : best small adventure game.,1
advith shetty : it's the 2nd best gameplay,1
a google user : it's fun and easy and cool,1
a google user : it's a good addictive game,1
unwind relaxation : it's fun for nature lovers,1
srinivasan g : it's a superb surfing game,1
shaik uruj : amazing game,1
a google user : i love it it's a good game,1
a google user : love this game. since 2015,1
swosti subhrajyoti sahoo : very nice and lovely game.,1
t e a h a s b e e n s p i l t : this game is amazing! can you give us a sneak peak about what altos odessy,1
will look like?,1
chirag sharma : just beautiful... if you're reading this.. install the game,1
theskittlezer : when i'm mad i play this and it makes me so....peaceful and calming......it puts me in my...own little....peaceful calming world,0
yeehaw -minecraft- : it's so good that the no likers are jealous..... come and get me......,1
josephine makunike : world's best game love the game,1
santosh bhoir : hi guys .you should download it,1
suresh senapati : we want the alto's adventures 2,1
map b : to long to relaunch after fall.,0
jordan smith : controls didn't work,0
ezequiel zuniga : game's pretty boring,1
biju a : i think this a nice game.,1
waleed waleed : this game it's so amazing,1
zachary parrett : fun game,1
adharsh mani : i love to play this game.,1
a google user : love graphics,1
jasar muhammad : its a mind relaxing game.,1
mary alavi : it is the best game ever.,1
gaurav dhiman : lovely game,1
ninsei perat : this game is so relaxing.,1
antonio hampton : make a alto's adventure 2,1
ejaz uddin : good to play,1
zerx : stupid won't download,1
a google user : it's very bored,1
kavitha thumallapalli : please fix it,1
a google user : in this play store l this game,1
jon sangma : wow!!! its' a game similar to my name,1
ayush yadav : awesome game love it,1
nair's vlog : world's best music,1
hvwkiinz. : there are no words to explain this game its beautiful calming great visual,1
graphics its just everything is perfect 10/10!,1
marco rendon : how are there so many reviews but only one download lol,0
hanaiisabnormal : great game and very addicting.,1
christopher patterson : perfect for chilling after a hard work day. .. pun intended :),1
sai rockzz sundeep : like everyone say,1
torii moreno : this game is so awsome !!,1
guga apkhazava : real time physics' awesome music,1
mir williams : i love this want to play more,1
jason dmello : just don't stop playing it,1
gonker : it's so good! i love it!!!,1
vaiyapuri .k.c. : twinkle twinkle little star...................... how i wonder what you want................ up above the sky so high.................... like a diamond in the sky..........,1
saran kumar : dear pundes pls ask me after i play the game. thank you,1
tristian roundstone : it's a good game,1
marc : ign would love this 10/10,1
khoa lam : can't play on sky a870,1
burhan bajrami : i love this game,1
vivek bhardwaj : this is very nice game,1
sohaib sinan : amazing game. it's like i'm flying in my dream.,1
a google user : i like this game very much i see this game in google and i ask to google sho me some best games i see this game there and download when i play this game i enjoy very much lovely game you also download this game i know you also like this game,1
premal shukla : warning.... u vl not put ur phone down after playing it once.... i want to achieve all goals every time .... good work.,0
d4a bangz : beautiful soundtrack. beautiful graphics. beautiful game.,1
a google user : beautiful game sach as the photo up,1
naveen s : it's a very bore game,1
sourabh prasad : not so like the name.,1
captain nemo : not a game of my age.,1
sharon foote : it's ok but it's a remake of skisafari,1
braydon pritchard : amazing game good graphics and enerything else,1
angela d : really good grfics awsome mechenic,1
shariaz fahim : it's an awesome game.,1
soundarya sarvade : great game..its cool,1
santiago duarte : it's a good simple game.,1
a google user : it's a really cool game.,1
shreenidhi rk : it's a really good game.,1
kalki vinnakota : i don't love this game,1
star bound777 : this game made me fall a sleep,1
brayden contreras : why can't it just be one time of day,1
a google user : its just beautiful peaceful calm and relaxing 2 play >< ~,1
smarty shubham : this is third classsgame bouring ...,1
rotaa musicdm : not yet played... bt installinggggg... gotta rate later,1
sandipan dutta : everything is good.smart graphics and everything.,1
evander bartolo : i like graphics hope you make a simulation game with this graphics!,1
cady moriarty : a simply wonderful game.,1
wojtek pietrusiewicz : i love this game.,1
a google user : i fully enjoy this game.,1
a google user : i love it. it is amazing,1
saikat mahato : it's the best what i say,1
nala madlala : i think it's a nice game,1
a google user : the best graphics ever .,1
angel reyes : it's had a big adventure,1
aman mohammed : don't worry just play it,1
rakshit sharma : its not working on my phone my phone is moto g 2 gen,0
leduj : wow i even play it on school with my friends!,1
ronin gaijin : simple,1
kingsley servian : its too hard and you cant see anything when it tirns night,1
a google user : it,1
tejon logan : can't even play. crashes on startup.,1
zeesh 2142 : a neat mind relaxer.loved it.,1
bat affleck : this game is really amazing..,1
chukwuemeka : it worked for a bit,1
liwaza memon : best way to waste your time!!!,1
bandana bohra : its awonderful game i played ever in ice skate board,1
nikhil jadiye : hi pak you bro please find attached the following,1
parth patki : if you want to relax your mood play this game,1
salma dagri : hii quresh dagri has been a lot of this is not the new,1
liam lane : the game to play when you want to just chill out,0
compairedcartoon : i can play this game all day for days on it,1
a google user : this game is not installed in my redmi note 4,1
swapnil janghela : yay mil gaya achcha action + graphics wow,1
toxic pubg : i like this game i am play this games every day,1
a google user : bro late bhot e download ho te hai,1
rayed escatron : game is addicting! i love it :),1
xxdwightxx supreme : best game ever! not a single problem what-so-ever!,1
sandy aego : great time pass for arcade fan boys,1
ramkumar t a : its a fun game to play when you are bored,1
daiwik mishra : this game is very addictive but tough too... i loved it...,1
rando235 : meh,1
prince malik : i don't know,1
devin frame : why so hard.,1
fazilat shamshad : this is one of my favorite games ....it's relaxing and highly recommend game...,1
a google user : this game suck don't weast your mb on this game,1
tran manh khang : can not play on zenphone 5,1
ravi jha : this was one of the best game played....but speed should be more...,1
ved hanamshet : i must say that i do not write many reviews for apps and games but this is,1
something else,1
vignesh somasundaram : great game..superb graphics..i could not restrict myself playing this game..loved it..,1
hunter bungay : solid. looking forward to the next installment.,1
khizar mohammed : i love this game... graphics is the best.. music is awesome.. simple and,1
great game play..,1
envious- spirit : it is a good game too play .i love the part where the man chases you,1
nikhil mishra : love these games,1
youssef abou hamia : "my first game in a samsung",1
mohd kaif : bad copy of sky safari,1
abbas burney : i loved this game!,1
a google user : i love this game. it's fun & per chill,1
madhur gupta : nice time killer and relaxing too,1
himan barman : it's really amazing and addictive!!!,1
chiranjjeevi vijayakumar : best graphics..! simple yet visually best game...!,1
jaye stretton : this is mine so goooooooood!!!!!,1
dakoya the dead : i don't think i have cancer,1
trey bucurel : the game was great and the view was great too.:-) :-) :-) :-) :-) b-) b-) b-) :-],1
chance moses : it's absolutely amazing. the game style and graphics are incredible!!! best game ever!,1
starlord : wish it had more things to do with this great graphic. just jumping and...?,1
ludmila hagenson : it's amazing! great graphics,1
kareen skaf : i loved this game,1
manibharathi tamil : worst game i saw..... dont play this game.....,1
asif ali : it's very nice game,1
gal sinkovec : it's good game ever,1
a google user : that's my best game,1
thegamingkid : addictive,1
anika amin prome : this game is really good.....but not best,1
gunjan basak : very good game....nice idea.....i liked the of weather change.....very good work done by developer.....,1
a google user : awesome game. i love it.,1
servus groovyp : need new graphic of environment.!!!,1
mukund nayi : the game is very amazing. but it's misic is very superb. bole to zakkasssssss,1
david p : it's so puddy,1
chinna kathi : i played this game and delete and download again.,1
wei hao tai : waited so long for it to come for android.,0
jillian mcknight : loved the zen mode... awesome game,1
omoshiroi kitten : good but ... when alto oddessey me,1
parikshit agarwal : i just got a c9 pro and the game feels freaking awesome..!!! thanks..!!,1
staz charlie blood : it's beautiful! i love this game!,1
a google user : graphic of the game is really great..,1
preetham fernandes : amazing.. background music is awesome,1
aditya mahabir : the most mesmerizing game ever!!!!,1
rahul vin : it's similar to ski safari but this one's kinda more fun.....!!!!!,1
chuckz diogenes : i cant download apps,1
thala reghan : this game is very very superrrrrrrr,1
irene hernandez : i ist to have it so i no,1
power star #rneytm : this game is boka choda game,1
a google user : make us to drive the skateboard drive by ourselves,1
jake bell : this game is the god of graphics,1
syahid ikhwan : thank you what for games i like games,1
lo' ls : the only one,1
satish kumar : i love this game.... please download game... it is very interesting.,1
isohels s : ...this is amazing.the art style,1
anuradha aggarwal : really nice. loved it. must download.,1
petrichor : beautiful game. soothing music.,1
azad khan : amazing ,1
keyblade beatz : it's so sooo cool,1
eyad moftah : it's a nice game,1
nisal jayawardhane : good nice game.beautiful graphics.,1
a google user : it's lit,1
madhu dhoni : the music and scenery is excellent....,1
a google user : so much fun and addicting.....i can't stop playing it!!!,1
sourav mondal : it opened,1
a google user : it's too much good,1
abhishek kumar : it's cool,1
sudipa ghorai : the game was awsm.... the game sound is soo soothing.. just like it,1
bandit yt : subscribe my channel:blazing skies,1
haohao 789 : the game still black screen on my asus zenfone c but i like this so please fix it again because the last update did not work a thing,0
jashad barksdale : this game is really good...... needlecake need a alto's adventure 2,1
bee akomolafe : the graphics are really good,1
daiyaan abdool : it's so good,1
jelena kuznecova : its rlly good <3,1
kahzu yah : perfectly .. nothing more to say,1
madan lal : most of the slient nature and adventureos games................,1
htocracy...... hiliarious,1
debdeshik panja : beautiful interesting game. loved it.. :-*,1
nikhil tr : bad gameplay ...lots of glitches,1
aadil kasim : nice graphics... and a very good game! loved it,1
vaibhav ligade : i loved it... what a cool game!,1
shaine incapas : very nice game! :) simply addictive,1
swastik purohit : very very nice game...good control and graphic...i love this.,1
hazriq khalid : interesting game,1
anshuman anand : brilliantly designed. beautifully immersive.,1
hamza nasir : this game is amazing.,1
saugat moogar : if you paly this game you cant stop you to stop play.....i love this game,1
daryl joseph g : i love this game. it's awesome...! :),1
a google user : it's awesome i'm so hyped for odessy,1
isaiah emswiler : addicting,1
heather moore : awesome game sooo addicting,1
dailyprogress : just a great game. recommend.,1
evana n garland : awesome game. love the music.,1
marko stefanovski : i love this game.. all of it...,1
cia indeed : this is the bomb!,1
free rider : this game brings me so much peace thank u so much....,1
zaini alam : graphics,1
yash kumar : really classic,1
popcorn4me2 : i !ove this game,1
raji luqya maulah : a mood booster one!,1
nikhil pandey : just completed it #besttt game ever,1
a google user : it's a very adventures game to play,1
jenice brandon : whoo girl this my game#bestgameever,1
aparna jana : nothing i can tell for this game...,1
durfay moncada : it's awesome the music ,1
tim hessel : won't open on my galaxy s4 thats all,1
photography machi : it was relaxing... great graphics..especially great music,1
rinoarashi : amazing graphic,1
yashraj jha : i've played it before and i loved it ... it is very relaxing ...,1
david thimotius : it's not working in my asus zenfone 5,1
bigsvp : for me its saying package file failed.. anyone knows abt it?,1
the monetizer : real monsters,1
d : loved it best game ever!!!!!! but it uses a lot of battery,1
s : the game is nice... concept is nice and the musicis just awesome..,1
vansh dubey : omggg gr8 game ever seen high graphucs download for your fun,1
a google user : alto is a great man,1
a google user : looks good but boring.,1
brielle yumol : it's so beautiful and amazing!,1
anirban goswami : awesome game,1
tag : amazing gane. definitely for everyone.,1
layan vimukthi : its awsome....i feel so much freedome.whata great game..nice,1
king ali : it's awesome it's a adventure game,1
tayla malcom : this is the best game ever,1
preston slaughter : pretty cool but why dose that guy on a lamba chase u,1
ankit kumar : i loved it..... its gameplay its graphics and all scenery i like very much...... at night when these coins shines and that weather changing i like very well ....i have given 5 stars......,0
ira s tumewu : great graphics and sound,1
rajnish mishra : cool stuff,1
aashir malik : wow nice game .. i like this game.... wow,1
shann varly babor : best game 10/10 #iwillnotdeletethisgame.,1
dev chawla : such a great game ,1
michael kepler : best game out there.,1
a google user : it's a very fun game,1
popsta pravish : it's have good music,1
kikoster vffg : it's a good game,1
lingaraju lingaraju : i think it's not bad,1
dron guha : relaxing and the music is just awesome..,1
adam pierce : a great little game.,1
arup paul : great graphics & 1 of the best action game,1
shubham jakhar : casual game with a calm background music...loved it.,1
zero sensei : i think its best adventure game ever...,1
caleb etter : yay it's finally on android!,1
umar ali : lovly.. graphics.. so serenity.. in this game... i love it,1
ajay verma : it's music is so good,1
sahil pandey : that's a good one man,1
a google user : hmm i think it's good,1
harekrushna dash : it's a good game nice,1
sibi r : it's very good,1
king sadi : really play full,1
rk singh : it's a very good game,1
cord roush : too addicting,1
dylan forster : i can finally relax because i'm playing this game,1
a google user : it's a fun game to play,1
nik aminuddin : that the best game.,1
autumnrose twobears : it's pretty good,1
assaultops : this game is very nice.,1
a google user : it's so fun download it,1
ridwwxx tanccc : very nice graphic view.,1
soul lucas : it's the best game ever,1
daim algow : is a amazing game ever,1
gohar nabeed : its a very lovely game.,1
a google user : it is a very good game.,1
a google user : it a cool game to play,1
caden button : it's a really nice game,1
james crandell : it's a really cool game,1
joel jose thadathil : awesome game. i love it,1
saidi bibich : i think it's patty good,1
souradeep roy : it's good for time pass,1
langston tensley : the artstyle is amazing,1
a google user : i've always loved this game!!!,1
mahmud reza : great graphics ..wonderful gameplay,1
joseph tilbrook : i love this game!!!!!!so cool,1
john curro : i play it when i'm bored,1
pinky lynn : i love this game but beware ... it's addictive lol,1
a google user : love the music. but where to download it.,1
ruby jimmy : wonderful graphics and animation.,1
a google user : wow.... no words about background music...it's like dream world..,1
mailbox ' : i couldn't even do a jump fix this please,1
tiger jaxxon : it is so great for passing !!!,1
tm w : it's the bestest game ever!!!,1
francois rossouw : love the lammas!!the game is fun,1
poorun kavish : this game is amazing must f**king download!!!!!!!!!! why hesitating download!!!!!!!,1
farhan rafidi : can open it crashhh.,1
jignesh shekhaliya : very nice app...i like this app..thank you so much,1
josh franklin : callux played this on his channel so i thought i'll check it out,1
fagupe 2.0 : great game,1
mahesh gupta : only one word for this game is bravo's,1
123 harris : nothing that innovates,1
gautham kakkente : finally! noodlecake kudos for the port,1
logan swiecki-taylor : yesss thank you! xo,1
jack chanda : we....like it cause it's run very clear graphics....,1
a google user : can't get this app for free on apple,1
supermonkeyboy715 : pretty good... i love the background music too.,1
bim4 : verrryyy relaxing!! endless world! i love this game so much!!,1
leizi garcia : i cannot download,1
saif khan : nice ..... but not perfect.. it's okkk,1
sean store : only one word to describe this......aaawwweeesssooommmeee!!!,1
erica sikes : i can't get pass level one with the warning sign,1
a google user : best game ever!! it's so beautiful,1
iqbal hakim : good graphics and gameplay....love it,1
abhinav parekh : awesome game... play till the end,1
siddhesh vetale : all time favorite game.. excellent graphics and nice music.. addictive..,1
mizanur rahman : i like the music. add more music please,1
daniella m. : very relaxing and amazing graphics!!,1
r pradeep : seems awesome..yet to play!!,1
amit kumar : fun game . love this game,1
a google user : it's mind-blowing game,1
suman sarkar : it is a awsm game...thanx to the devolopers,1
a google user : this game is sooooo pretty!!! i love it so much!,1
celine mae granado : one of the best games ever!,1
yash naik : very good game lovely!!!!,1
yashvardhan kabra : music of the game is soo soothing!,1
michael rinken : love this game!,1
katyayani bopardikar : i loved it .. its jst tooo awesome ... !! :),1
barrington paris : i love the game it is amazing!,1
dela rueda,1
thakur vinay : awsm advntur...game ever....really js no words,1
chitra k : this is very super everybody should try this game,1
shiva sai varma : good game in the leisure hours to play.... enjoyed it loved it....@#!,1
steve williams : no bad... need more levels,1
a google user : world's best game ever,1
jyotiprakash mahto : best game ever played.,1
a google user : it's mind blowing game,1
goutam das : kk it's really awesome,1
a google user : very good and fun,1
priye javan : it's a 9ice game,1
levi walker : it's a good game,1
ade halpin : a cool seasonal treat.,1
a google user : that's a very good app,1
sahil nimsarkar : perfect time-pass game,1
army101 stars : it's run,1
eugene yusenkov : i think it's cool game,1
mickster alvidrez : this game is so cool,1
a google user : if you don't download alto then you're crazy :-),1
the tech librarian : amoled screen makes this amazing!,1
realsos siq : the background.........oh my....too b.u.t. full,1
ohmydarlingclementine : i think that this game is very ascetic.,1
vanessa roof : it's so gud bruv,1
ayan lexicon : it's ok tho then,1
hari r : i'm mentally affected because of this game,1
abdullah ak : whats the name of this kind of art please? i rly love it!,1
sn : very very addicting,1
andrew : relaxing,1
precious lynn abawag : it's cool,1
ban boric : most beautiful android game!,1
a google user : it is really addictive and fun!,1
mani movaghati : natural with this game. going to my home,1
sohanur rahman khan : love this game,1
tammy hall : the one i was a little bit.,1
gom. gaming : love this modern game like this ...!!!,1
sonya tarr : this is the best game ever...(a must play),1
melano,1
a google user : i love this! this is my life!,1
akshay khamkar : it's ok...not addictive,1
avanish rai : very beautifull game!,1
mr moo : i'm feeling the speed!,1
terrarian : it's a brilliant game!,1
white fang : wow nice the game graphic is so good.the game have a master piece.,1
naomi beaudion : thank you at&t for adding this to android,1
pican rachmat : good graphic & music,1
jabi ahmed : it's addictive ,1
benyamin shahvar : it,1
pratham g : one of my favourite game ...!!,1
farhan ahmed : i would give u full but ...... not to good,1
shahbaz saqib : its a good game but altos odyssey is much better and addictive..........,1
abrar ayoub : worst graphics,1
amir reza darabi : has a very nice background,1
firouzeh ebrahimi : this game is amazing it makes me calm... love it,1
a google user : its an amazing game! love it!,1
nivranshu bir shahi : i absolutely love this game!!,1
lope vismara : awesome game,1
a google user : it's better than others.,1
a google user : this is the best app ever!,1
paorupiro : cant speak... too beautiful!!,1
joy teo : very zen. very atmospheric.,1
jessica zhang : very fun. recommend it!,1
a google user : i have only one word for this game .."fantastic"...loved it...the graphics are good ...the gameplay is awsome .....i will advice everyone to download it....,0
edward wang : now fixed on zenfone zoom. awesome!!!,1
asr7 : love <3 playing it,1
miki : played it ,1
watson dominic : the best stunning games..,1
samson : most relaxing game ever..,1
sankalp gade : good graphics,1
epsilon air : the music is amazing it's challenging best endless runner ever!!!!!,1
manohar kumar : oh yeah ...i have completed the game.......hahahaha,1
uncle rico : would be 5 stars if it was not for those fricking elders!,1
arcadia amin : love the graphics! such pretty drawing,1
a google user : i just love this game and zen mode is like a....... very nice,1
riki he is a lovely song i love this song : his wonder full. destinations fulli enjoy full game.....,1
maurice sloan : you should make a alto 2!!!!!,1
a google user : great. needs more content.,1
andy fitz : fun,1
naji love : amazing graphics. recommend to anyone who loves action games!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
pavin mishra : very much fun and charming game!! loved it..,1
michelle : very difficult... ;( idk if just me,1
callie harrison : it was a awesome game!,1
ren wortman : absolutly great game!,1
deflutron : really great graphics!,1
king pancake/the breakfast monarch : best game on google play!,1
butta pecan : me and my daughter's love this game but the graphics are kindof weird,1
fishboi : most relaxing game you'll ever play!!,1
akshay 2021 : wish i could also make a gud game....like this...,1
siddhant kumar behera : great graphics...... good concept...kick ass game,1
f a ansari : awesome game,1
agentcitrus : really liked the game!,1
a google user : awesome! amazing! i love it,1
begari bhoomaiah : great graphics and addictive i will recommend to my friends,1
arjun saradava : that is a best game for relaxation...,1
archie watts : it is so good!!!!,1
j c : hey,1
angelo23 : its a very good game :),1
a google user : relaxing and cool!,1
emeline reese : it's so much fun!!!,1
_r4y_ : this game has really great graphics!!!! well done!,1
manav sahay : it's very relaxing and the zen mode is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!:-) :-) :-) :-)........,1
bryan taylor : love the graphics! :d,1
komal more : it's very nice game and very good graphics,1
biswajit deb barman : where from the view taken? please tell me if there is any view like this stay on earth .....,1
chantre toi : the game is damn awesome man......everyone must have this,1
a google user : i love this game so much its so perfect!,1
dominic hunn : i love this game. 2,1
aysten fowler : it's so cool.,1
jeremiah villegas : this is my favorite game every!!!!-,1
league dude : great game....played it two times and enjoyed so much...,1
disha walke : play despacito while playing this game.......you'll feel eternal,1
lukas woehr : it's relaxing and fun. not bad overal.,1
muntasir tanim : i am the one yeah oe o o oe o i am the only one!,1
arti choudhry : lovely game most entertaining game ever....,1
katherine figueroa : i love this game! download!!,1
deepak pandey : it's a fantastic game.,1
a google user : great,1
shivansh kaushal : very intresting... love this game,1
rama sahal : this game is awesome,1
revenge gamr : smooth graphics and much more. must download!!!!,1
aqib shaikh : superb stuff with the play,1
deity vester : christian adame.,1
z a i n : this is ,1
vibes all day : addictive...awesome music...cool,1
arthur petit : i love this game it's awesome,1
sostik basnet : i just hate this game...,1
jorge merced : wow,1
abdelrahman mohamed : this game is very good,1
gaytri devi : this is a very fantastic game this is a very good game,1
pallavi jain : beautiful graphics! excellent gameplay,1
chittunalini lam : a true work of art! recommended to my friends,1
milan chavhan : awesome game,1
aidan doherty : how the heck did this use so much of my data,1
akram izimi : great !!!! great game simple and funny,1
rockstargame fan fan : good. offline. and not laggy.,1
kholil fitrianto : is this game uses internet to play it.... please replay... somebody,1
alba chacin soto : incredible and relaxing. love it!,1
lakshay kandola : good. but. paid in iphone,1
cole short : great game!!,1
a google user : very easy and fun to play!!,1
munstercube : amazing,1
sedwick dillon : i liked this game a lot!!,1
brandy woods : i love this game!,1
roopa r : awsome snow board game !,1
scott carter : as well as fun!,1
mashahed al meem : just awesome game i like it so much...,1
m rm : love this game !!! ;-),1
shamsudeen pk : luv this game...everyone needs to play this...u will luv it...promise....,1
leah g : this is the most beautiful game... & the music is calming,1
maryjoy delacruz : so fun and relaxing,1
shehab rahman : wow...its really very good game.but too sort,1
a google user : the best game i have ever played...,1
andrew kushibiki : great fun! don't loose your head!!,1
zefa : have been waiting for this!,1
leo rufi : during the installation,1
jesus esteban cupajita ospina : interesting and addictive game! congratulations!!!,1
a google user : it's way i mean it's fun,1
annoying errors : great pass time.,1
shivam barwal : this is a ideot game dont download editor choosen this game for money by,1
owner download sky safari 2 or 1 the best game try,1
ittttt.................abm....bam.....bama.....,1
abhishek rai : luv to play this game ...,1
rutvij h. r. naik : i'll never trust "editor's choice" again,1
kartikeya agarwal : copy of ski safari.... even its better than this,1
zar mane : great graphic and nice music....i love this game,1
dylan castro : addictive...5 star for that game,1
sahil raj : the song..in the game is just awesome!!,1
niall harvey : sick as f@#k!,1
no one : great graphics. what programing language did you use to make this game?,1
jojo-junior kzo : its super good and super relaxing....,1
john g : epic!! the best games,1
ahesh rao : simply awesome. which is not a word. he. kudos to ingenuity to game............,1
craig mcmath : it was awesome!!... short but really really good!!,1
just a random person : it's awesome great game!!! :-),1
mohamed alaa : boring,1
larry lund : love this game...,1
prakash kumar tamang : this game is .....,1
the gaming channel paul : its a very cool game,1
ravi yadav : fun graphics.,1
haylie : one of my favourite games!,1
ankita pandey : this is a very good game,1
abhilash varghese : just love the game....!!!,1
mikhail green : simple ,1
a google user : addictive game!!!... totally awesome..,1
nyk verse : wow this game is... awsome,1
lukky : it's good . loving it,1
richard glaves : this game is so addictive and simple game play .....love it,1
somebody_called_jackson : the best game ever!!,1
khor ethan : the best game ever!!,1
shab k : superb! especially the zen mode!,1
mirza rnt : but hard to play still fine music and art ways are awesome,1
ahmad idris : make this games not to bored...,1
a google user : it was so fun and cool!,1
nymur rahman : average but new concept that's made me a player of this game,1
janarius johns : this is awesome download now,1
gediminas strumila : so much bugs... deleted after 10min of playing..,1
aidan wirruna : nice game.could you add more power ups to do game?it will be better.thank you,1
prathamesh shrikhande : good efforts.....very good music,1
a google user : i love this game!!!!!!!!,1
rishabh kashyap : it's so nice music,1
inzamam ali : good way to pass the time...,1
mer[] : played it. loved it. came back to it.,1
a google user : amazing game...thanks all the people who designed it...4 me....thanks,1
jared enriquez : cool game ... nice controls cool graphics ...,1
a google user : is fun,1
jupinder singh : great relaxing game...loved it,1
bhautik patel : it's really amazing.,1
a google user : superb game...amazing graphics,1
amandeep singh : it's kinda peaceful.,1
rahul diwakar : i actually get inside the game whenever i play it!!!,1
cameron schwartz : it's ok. not great though.,1
kamal rajput : i love its changing weather ...,1
trae rankin : oh my god it's so good i played it at the phone store and now i got it and i love it even more,1
tristan trice : great controls! great graphics! great game!,1
mohit gokhale : niceee graphics..........needs focus and reflexes.........a must download:-),1
anagh ceon : and finally its here. will change the rating accordingly,1
a m : beautiful music.. beautiful visuals.. beautiful game play.. i'm in love with it,1
a google user : simple & innovative,1
gwdm gaming : nice game noodles!,1
joseph place : keep up the good work!!,1
sayan chatterjee : this game is the definition of fun....i love it. nice game,1
zozo zozo : great graphic - best controll - amaizing game,1
juan jaimes : great pass time game!,1
rerororo : make a ad free version without pay and i give a lot of this up :) :) :):),1
maxi singh : really fuun!,1
moon moon : android ftw,1
nathanael hopkins : didn't even download the game the video done it no justice,1
jeremiah douglas : best game...... in the whole wide world!,1
mr.sneaky poopster : play and find out,1
fruut : i like this game.. it is really good.. thx..,1
april benjamin : great graphics and never ending fun!!......,1
a google user : it's nice!brain exercise full.,1
kathan pankaj buch : its a very addictive game. ..,1
kajal solanke : lovely game...try it,1
abhilash george : too good game to be played...,1
theusual guy : best looking game...go for it,1
bo : fun,1
subhajit mazumdar : for timepass.....this is really very cool,1
arvind naidu : #simple #awesome #nice #great graphics #smooth,1
sagar das : what the....hell long time....just really...,1
srinadh nadh : i love this game...it's really wonderful,1
the depressed sigma : what the ..... is this ios games. i very surprise that we can play it in android mobile now,1
beauty pasari : i hate this game,1
a google user : no words to say awsome,1
dat deadinside chicken : its so hard for that jump,1
parmar tushar : not understand what is game actually,1
taran tiwana : only waste your time,1
aman pathan : nothing is usefull in this app,1
spriha singh : it is very bad game,1
laske boi : the game is just trash,1
hacked girl 23 : this game is the bomb,1
hulk master : got it cause i was bored,1
orlando montes : so boring never play it,1
abdul fattah fouzan : cant stop playing this game,1
ibrahim messi : it has bad draphics,1
justin brunt : its boring,1
anthony mcgilvray : i hate th is game,1
raghavendra shebinakatti : there is no brightness in game,1
ibby elmasri : hectic but put upgrades,1
rajni sonawane : this is the very stupid gamep,1
naijel ekka : game crashes after updating,1
sehaj pasricha : its only time wasting,1
pravin parikh : not much good as i wish,1
tarek hassan kislu : not good with asus,1
meet parmar : very very bad game,1
a google user : just delete this shity game,1
rashid shaikh : this game is very bad,1
arya deshmukh : very very bad game,1
cj mckenna : this game is trash,1
kamron : its a great stress reliever,1
isaak hinson : you poke llamas in the butt,1
prashant pandey : itsbone of the games i have fallen for,1
gogo hagbard : after a while it gets boring,0
tilak thapa : bored all the time,1
edgar galindo : too lazy to write anything,1
nathan pierce : worst game on play store,1
matt malott : this game blows,1
sneha k : gets boring after a while,0
a google user : this game is so stupid,1
ketan shah : wondering graphics in iphone 6splus,1
siddharth goswami : best and very best,1
srijan singh : the fantastic game ever played...,1
a google user : it is so good!!!!!i love it 5 star,1
ashiquzzaman rupak : didn't play it but i quess it will be seei....,1
jacob andrade : love this game i can play it for hours,1
aravind g.s : not bad at all.nice and smooth gameplay,1
charlene taitt : it's the best game ever!!,1
a google user : i love this game so much it's the best,1
vikrant singh : the graphics and the music is so damn awesome,1
ahemad raza shaikh : its awesome and entertaining gamr....just love it,1
katreena bustamante-castillo : a very good game :),1
adriaan adams : this game is life,1
a google user : i love this game,1
things : one of the best game ever!,1
eclipze : i love this game it is so pretty!!!!,1
gamer lsk : simple and nice.... best game to relax your mind.,1
a google user : it's very addicting and it's very fun,1
my dream dairies -aamil : mind blowing game everyone should try...!,1
john carlo capellan : nicer than nice haha,1
akansh rawat : nice game..........................but....... it......... can...... be.........more........... better......,1
a google user : one of the best relaxing game!!!,1
samantha balser : this is game is amazing!!!,1
rebecca anderson : its very fun and adicting i love it,1
jacob burnett : i didn't get to play it bc i could not download it,1
soni ramadhan : its so nice!,1
sangharsha khanal : owesom game .... gonna fun with this game,1
trey sederstrom : a great game!,1
vivi agastya : awesome game ....i really luv it,1
saif ahmed : it is a great time killer,1
abg iskandar : sorry,1
dan gel : wow!!lol...for real,1
momir kremenac : awesome game..continue with good work guys !!!,1
soumil choudhary : try this game. this game is fantastic.,1
a google user : is cool game anb i love it...,1
a google user : i haven't played it yet,1
v8-b6 : tutorial does not tell what to do in some parts. shall we try that again? no!,1
alvin adan : this games is so relaxing...,1
abdullah naeem : such a great game with a lovely music and it's so relaxing......,1
divyam tiwari : awesome gameplay...nice working..,1
tharun tharun : great graphics with good music.loved it!!!,1
natalia md : so relaxing the snow sounds that the character makes are super relaxing and back flips are really easy,1
rimiki shaphrang shadap : the best app ever,1
ishaq gonzalez : yet to try it but according to all the comments,1
zeenat zubair : i just want to write one word "awesome",1
a google user : once you start you can never stop,1
a google user : addicted to this game..grt game..,1
usbadade badade : the background is so good and the music.the game is just wow!!!!!!,1
abhishek gaurav : addictive.. full time pass game. love it.,1
dhanashri ambure : nice game.... fast addictive and cool....love it...,1
jackie george : i... love... this game...,1
big b0ss : really nice game,1
sanpablo71 : is there going to be any updates,1
master lace : i'm an anarchist,1
lms : the music makes u feel relaxed... good game,1
stinkerpaws : crashed often.,1
animax fan club and anime world : it's awesome game.,1
ajay shrestha : it's ...too good to play,1
yakov kudryavtsev : amazing! absolutely perfect!,1
naim wright : #snowboarding is fun #dangerous # cool,1
a google user : yowwwwww!!!! this is the best game i've ever played,1
sanket ghosh : its ammaizing .just try to make it more realestic,1
agbelieve : this game is so fun!!!!,1
saptarshi ghosh : its good but very costly...,1
aniket dey : this game is so awesome and this music is too awesome...i love it...,1
shawn reagan : it's awesome guy,1
oggy woggy : beautiful game! loved it!,1
santosh kondalkar : because,1
tonya orta : it said short guys all of ya'll wrote a parrigraph,1
sheldon : add new mission and characters please,1
ryan rij : after the update i lost all my progress and had to start from the beginning again. uninstalled.,0
law rence : great game. who could ask for more!!!,1
gloria pizzini : altos adventure is like the definition of fun!!!!!,1
felipe : very unappealing... it's boring.,1
joey garcia : this game hose hardbut it's really fun,1
goshko36 : this game is awesome!!,1
kylehere : good graphics though!!,1
nella mendoza : damn man can you make it free on ios? it sux on android btw,1
a google user : it's good to plzy,1
gourab dasgupta : can't pass the black screen after the splash screen.....,0
sharad chaudhary : awsome game.. ultimate graphics.. just loved it.. !!,1
siddharth panda : awesome game...graphics are out of mobile world..loved it..,1
george k. : keep up the good work!!you deserve more;),1
nav a : nice to play out...,1
ajit chaudhari : worst game.,1
fourat kouaies : one of my best games ever...,1
kim lopez : great game,1
abdelrahman _ : quiet game!!! i cant say something else,1
ilovepoliticaldebates : awesome! super addicting!,1
piper wix : it's awesome asf bruhhhhhhhh !!!!,1
a google user : the best game ever!,1
a google user : the best game ever!,1
altaf shamsudeen : the best game ever!,1
jitendra singh : really loved it!! thanks,1
jammie smitherman : awesome game! recomend it for anyone!,1
ioannis tsiakkas : a copy of ski safari,1
freddy venus : nice pleasing music....endless fun.....recommended for journeys,1
dalia tadros : so fun to play and collect new characters!!!!!,1
justin tan : amazing. download. can't believe it's free!!,1
izzy : one of my favors the games!!!!! love it!,1
aashish ghimire : nice game with adventure....loved it,1
hawk davison : it's a great game.,1
kmb bania : this game is a cheat to but it fun like when you are about to jump you die?,1
sharique anjum : hey.. noodle cake studio plz plz... release its 2nd version .. i'm eagerly waiting of that.,1
natalie alexander : this game is so amazingly awesome!!,1
abi : mind=blown,1
rajat deshpande : nice game...great graphics,1
gary robertson : it's so relaxing.,1
a google user : i can't install it!,1
a google user : so sick keep the work,1
rajat nagvekar : i just love this game ...,1
sudesh tawde : good graphics...,1
ya cine : awesome .beautiful game..,1
a google user : just graphics in 46 mb ,0
bailey davenport : i love the creativity and adventure! !,1
allestair kenneth mainit : this will be fun!,1
a google user : this game is so lit!,1
aathish p jagadeesh : relaxing! amazing! i really love it,1
genewal gowou : watched the video and now downloading this. i am inlove with the artstyle <3,1
judetubeyt : beautifully game i really enjoyed !!!!!#the best ly lots,1
track shay : beautiful game with beautiful background :-),1
rishi kiran : cool game with pleasant graphics!!!!,1
shafin : nice and peaceful game it is...really....uh....finally....in peace...,1
owais : its cool,1
baria sid : nice game well the game music it lovely an sweet well supp.....,1
lord of derps : it is so fun active and super fun,1
ej boy pestano : i just love this game...,1
vaibhav gramni : keep up the good work...,1
n s : my all time favourite...,1
willow ravenscroft : i love this game sooooooomuch it is soooooooooooo fun!!!!!!!,1
free4 gaming : great time killer & addictive game; great gameplay......,1
a google user : i loooove this game !!!,1
newportreds : ... so addicting! beautiful game... recommended!!!!,1
a google user : nice game but,1
caiden patrick : liked it great graphics,1
josh : download this game,1
minty _blue_bunny_ : its cute and soothing. i lve it!,1
muhammad fikri dharmasutanto : its so addictive in a good way...,1
alexis esporas : relaxing game:),1
jasmin ahmed : it,1
elricha naude : fun and the best game!.,1
tornyeli adamah : i love this game !!! its so fun. five stars,1
lullabay rose : good game.. better than other game..,1
narinder singh : very good game. love it,1
zainab 93 : keep up the good work ^-^,1
lara tirchett : an amazing game,1
cookie pug : wow this game is just wonderful ....,1
ekta shah : great game man!!,1
a google user : this game is sick!!!!,1
shuvam basu : awesome experience.! :),1
neeraj neeraj : please make a separate option to skip missions in the game.,1
a google user : very gorgeous and immersive.,1
lalremruata khiangte : i have no words.......its amazing,1
just chill : super game i have ever played super graphics,1
kaustubh kashyap : while the downloading during the end it said package is invalied,1
drift king : osm game... chanceless... mind blowing game...,1
the muffin man 69 : really?it takes you 8 seconds to do a backflip,1
kendra tsosie : its very cool!!,1
hamza : wow. what a game... awesome game,1
a google user : nice game.so relaxing,1
a google user : sexy!,1
lissy babu : i really love it ,1
clash of electro !!!!!! : the beast game...................................................................................................and good background.....................also music is lit................................best game.,1
suryakanta jati : small things but impressive....,1
salmankhan official : one of my favorite game....,1
ensydia : make a physical and downloadable version for the switch with story and co-op and online vs mode for the nintendo switch for 19.99,1
adeel tariq : please add support for controllers or stb remote dpads.,1
santanu das : amazing guys trust me,1
cameron durando : haven't tried it yet it's loading but judging by the other reviews it looks good,1
prachi srivastava : classic music....classy game,1
mustafa tqu : thanks .,1
pratheesh sekar : great graphics and pleasant gameplay....,1
adib ahmed : loved it...waiting for another version..,1
daniel motes : the controls are the same in other games!,1
ziaul shaikh : awsome gfx love.d it....,1
pallab mahata : gorgeous... amazing game. . probably game of year,1
durgesh tiwari : outstanding,1
guilherme lima : wonderful colors and graphics!!!,1
preston w : such a awesome game!!!,1
nikhil kadam : it's awesome...graphic s are two good,1
nasif mohammad siam : cool game....nice graphics,1
debatra sen : best graphics....,1
brandon prieto : f%$# yeah,1
nathaniel c : amazing... that's all of needs,1
chyavan n : wow stupid game ever,1
jerson paul malupa : its ugly game,1
chetan sondhi : there is a problem in packeg file,1
sai laxman : uwas wondered to see this music and graphics:-) :-),1
a google user : very good,1
nicolas reyes : really great!,1
ignatia lt1 : it's lovely game!!,1
a google user : it's a nice game!!,1
dipesh bhai : only one word "fab" thats it!!!!,1
isaac zamora isaac zamora : this is a very fun game for when your board.,1
insightpuppy : nice graphic..any game that the graphic is good is in my list..,1
a google user : it is the best regards and control's,1
a google user : can't installed wasted...,1
rock3rzz : no way it deserves 5stars!!!!!!!!!,1
karl heinz huss : i love this game because i love ski,1
david rodriguez : best alternative game of the year,1
jpohto : this game is good for people that are bord good game,1
jayant jayant : this game is good to play in winters good game,1
a google user : very good game this was amazing game and good graphic,1
gabriela pop : i love this game,1
sukhvir singh : the best graphics game the best game ever,1
anushkrit verma : good game nice graphics,1
kishorre charan : the unique game ever..... feel like in the dreamworld,1
dido cool box : loved it to bits!,1
shivam kumar bhagat : it can go better on playing .....,1
a google user : slow downdoading,0
abdul kayoum : this game is just amazing... i'm love in with it,1
joy watson : beutiful game!,1
mark saunders : feel the flow!,1
rickman humanity : very relaxing!,1
amira alfitri : so comforting!,1
erblina demiraj : this is such a great app lovely game,1
amir zakwan : the bestrelaxing game ever!!! 5 star!!!,1
irshad petiwale : its awesome game... loved it..,1
rahul : nice game but some problems are there.....,1
kyla b : awesome game with beautiful graphics,1
a google user : awesome game played ever.....,1
nilesh karfa : truely adventurous.. :-),1
arsh pratap : what a game.... so nice,1
a google user : good graphics,1
a google user : it is very nice game....,1
yamuna jayasiri : great game !,1
pocketfullofrats : lovely game!,1
rd danila : great games!,1
asperatus : really cool!,1
alexander notgonnasay : awsome game!,1
onyzon ag : love to be jump....and touch the star..,1
a google user : the game is cool,1
rose thorn : this game... feels peaceful,1
the triple bypass burger : really fun!,1
gaming with erlou fall : great game!,1
kobe ben-david : great game!,1
faizan zafar : great game!,1
pouya pourparhizkar : great game!,1
akash ghanate : great game!,1
theo terror : great game!,1
mr rogers : great game!,1
karsim marcello : crash :(,1
monwey : fun and slightly addictive.,1
mamun abdullah : nyc game,1
swathy gopal : wow it's very amazing and addictive loved a lot....,1
ahmad saif : nice amazing game ...welldone,1
nishcop mahamud : it's a better games..,1
samuel smallwood : lots of great games and what's this?!,1
salain acers : very bad game,1
narwal arbelaez : i love this game,1
siddharth balagopal : overall a good game,1
a google user : sooo cool loved it,1
subhransu ranjan mishra : lovly..music..and nice design,1
jee bagas : great app..,1
a google user : i freaking love the music and please... pretty pleaseee... add more music please?,1
a google user : i am an indian ..... this game is blast i love it,1
dan chesterman : it's awesome. you must buy it.,1
harish gupta : it's very hard but it's fun too,1
a google user : super game play super graphic.............,1
dredo : just what i'm looking for!,1
summer hutchison : awesome relaxing game!,1
isaiah dean : sucks a$$,1
animal lover : fun and exciting.,1
mohan pandey : cool graphics .... enjoyed a lot...,1
yash choudhary : so addective game i love it..... beautiful,1
hijabi squad : oh wow this is the best adventures game i have ever played. awesome!...,1
yothats key : i love this game to bits!!!!,1
priyam kalita : good graficks of the game",1
pabitra mondal : awesome lovely song .... everything is fantastically..,1
bhanu dasari : sweet and simple concept,1
neeraj birma kumar : simply best. completed it..,1
a google user : amazing game....but i never play this game,1
iraj wijewardana : this is the best mobile game..its simple..,1
fernanda bahena : i love this game it is the best!!,1
taurus play : very beautiful. i love this game!,1
dream catcher : really nice game,1
a google user : the is good very,1
gabe morehouse : very good overall.,1
sosa chief keef : i love this game,1
unknown : it's very relaxing,1
huerosp07 : it's awsome,1
riri : it is really good,1
narasimha murthy : i liked this game.,1
gaming maniacs : it's the best game,1
a google user : i love this game,1
huge gander : i wish it could be endless!!!!,1
savage crw : it's a really fun game,1
ariel leblanc : it's awesome!,1
adin flandorph : awesome graphics love it!!!!!,1
ollie1932 : great,1
a google user : it's asskicking fun,1
a google user : this game is great.,1
jose da silva : very well executed.,1
a google user : this game is great.,1
pilla dheeraj : very relaxing game.,1
a google user : it's really amazing,1
juned ali : music so beautiful.,1
anjali sharma : such&fedex fm haven,1
agung pre : very cool game!,1
rome : its a great game!,1
old acc : its pretty nifty!,1
kevin varghese som : awesome as hell,1
sikha bit : cool game,1
sudarshan srinivasan : the gae us quick graphics are awesom.tootally 19 $$$$$$,1
jeremie renel : awesome game...love it!!,1
a google user : awesome game....nyc graphics...,1
vlera berisha : cool game!,1
zioti x : cool game!,1
ajaira vids : everything is nice about this,1
vishnu nair : a great game....... must play,1
a google user : nice game....... and good music,1
a google user : wao ...it's nice game,1
a google user : good game for android loved it,1
a google user : the grfx are ultimate!!!,1
butter cup : it is such a cool game it is amazing,1
sayyed danish ali : good graphics quality. ...perfect moving. ..,1
veronique williams : love being an alpaca!!!,1
mark santos : this game is amazing!!!,1
j nightwing l batman : it is so cool,1
jake : i haven't even played the game yet and i love it,1
rahul m : it's a good game.. and i'm enjoying,1
vishnu p s : so relaxing...the graphics of day and night are beautiful....,1
gloating sword : it's amazing,1
a google user : i just love it....nd boy the music,1
manga mani salipalli : the zen mode is incredible.....love the music.,1
a google user : i just love this game so beautiful and peaceful...love it...,1
dylan day : i love this game so much,1
ethan hill : it is a great game!,1
zander ya : it was a cute app !,1
archcyber chavero : its very beautiful!,1
a google user : the best game ever!,1
dennis santos : great game!,1
prabir ghosh : great game just awesome on behalf of me......,1
ron kreger : think it's really fun! !!,1
rico prabowo : plain,1
jose prakash : i just saw a video in the youtube...... great job,1
athanasios karmas : the soundtrack is amazing!,1
meghna dinesh : graphics is really awsm!!!!! ....loved it!,1
akhilesh ap : nice game but too tough...,1
sumant panchal : beautiful graphics !!,1
andrea bandong : graphic are amazing!!,1
dian muhammad : why so much lag?,1
a google user : really fun and entertaining!,1
bindu cv : can't wait the legendary alto's odyssey....,1
a google user : this is the best,1
abhishek badhan : just a one word....... awesome.....,1
jude madakor : love the snowy adventure!,1
d.c. : this game was incredible!,1
peter ho : it's great!,1
a google user : its great!,1
amal geevarghese : awesome game... just loved it...,1
dhanraj chakraborty : don't know,1
varad kumar : music is cool,1
justin f. : it's finally here!,1
ethan anderson : i can't get to zen mode with an amazon fire stick,1
a google user : cool game loved night mode,1
arsalan tariq : enjoying the theme!,1
lokesh kumar onteru : awesome graphics ................. i loved it...,1
a google user : good game and the best part is rock................................,1
collin frame : the best game ever!!!!!!,1
a google user : awesome possum honey blossom,1
irfan nouval : this game is cool. .....,1
sayantani mukherjee : i just love the game....,1
dylan barnhouse : ...if i could play it,1
samuel luis del espiritu santo : it's just relaxing.. i love it,1
a google user : wonderful game. peacefull melody tune...,1
shahanaj parveen : i think it's very nice to play..,1
lvi here : i think the graphics are *amazing*,1
eldiaz diaz : it's a great game,1
mayank raj : it's a great game,1
highflyfranck : just really good,1
jordan thompson : "twas a good game,1
a google user : i think it's cool,1
thomas everard : really good game.,1
nathan yeboah : it's just awesome,1
gowtham kumar : it's a great game,1
guntur ravi : interesting strategy..for the play,1
shy_eru : a very good game.,1
boss gamer gt5 petrak : it's a great game,1
converge ict solutions inc. : relaxing music <3,1
amante aldwin : it's so beautiful,1
a google user : i really love it,1
nano 4 : i love this game,1
sr s : it's mind blowing,1
bailey kellerhals : it's so addictive,1
kentori poole : i love this game.,1
rose hamilton : it's just awesome,1
epicboyz : it's great,1
ashley clossin : it's a great game,1
zuqi : relaxing music :3,1
marcus maxwell : best game ever played!!!!!!!#alto'sadventureisthebest,1
jeff wells : it's great!,1
pallab roy patgiri : liked it very muchhhhhh,1
omar melendez : awsome! just awsome!,1
hogan sheehan : amazing. nice and relaxing,1
a google user : it's amazing and addicting,1
gopi krishnan : relaxed gaming experience.,1
jay jose : i'm in love with this game,1
ved prakash pandey : i loved the it is amazing.,1
mrudul patil : it's awesome and addictive,1
darius johnson : the background is amazing.,1
a google user : great i like its graphics you also download it.........,0
harish gnanasekaran : breathtaking. magnificent. serene. soulful. healing.,1
a google user : nice game,1
james kawha : it's not bad :-),1
truffle : could do better...,1
manny adorno : good game...fun,1
nicole forey : it's a fantastic game!!!,1
first subscriber : music is very beautiful.... awesome....,1
sangita takzare : it's very cool. i. like. it,1
adrian natzu : it's a good game,1
aaron robertson : it's a good game,1
a google user : it's really kewl,1
belal adel : it's a nice game,1
kyle loe : it's a good game,1
ryan reniva : nice games,1
pj.the.1 : it's pretty good,1
diany morales : it's a good game,1
alex lam : it's a good game,1
world creations : it is do simple.,1
a google user : it's a good game,1
shishir khanal : so much.,1
cooper trumbley : its really nice.,1
sarbani parashar : it's a good game,1
cameron destro : it's really good,1
sam boby : it's really good,1
karla castro : it's cool,1
daniel abasiri : it's really nice,1
a google user : it's really good,1
a google user : it's a good game,1
a google user : it's a good game,1
anish paul : it's a good game,1
tom snyder : it's fun to play,1
a google user : it's a good game,1
a google user : it's really cool,1
ramsey ismail : gameplay so.epic.love different.terrains,1
thaqib fiyyad : beautiful. simply beautiful,1
phill johnston : game on.,1
fadhilah hamid : it's smoothing and tranquil,1
sachin prabhakar : interesting,1
holden peck : great graphics and concept.,1
somraj singh : game with a great graphics.,1
catiscool10 : this game is my life!!!!!,1
priya masih : very bad game,1
a google user : useless game ever,1
cpt wils : hated too much,1
leo lucent : crashed on splash screen,1
anu kumar : charging waste game,1
g t : boring,1
zidane akray : control is bad and graphic,0
a google user : it is very annoying,0
shaimir hineswilliams : really tough game,1
krishna goyal : thid is a faulty game,1
vishal raj : i loved this game,1
sam : suck me dry,1
rajvardhan kumar : i loved this game,1
anand arav : super hit game,1
dog paul : i hate the app,1
a google user : the song is dumb,1
analyn romero : its so boring,1
yaseen shaikh : waste of time,1
lovish kakkar : the game is boring,1
harsh thakur : its very bad,1
raju b0rude : that game is very difficult,1
ranjita mete : very very bad,1
a google user : what the rubbish game,1
om rai : model in this came out,1
eshan palliyal : i loved this game,1
rohit jaiswal : extremely boring game,1
veronica batres : that was horrible,1
thomas roberts : too hard and boring,1
magic : not what it seems,1
derreck sequeira : as hell,1
a google user : not good at all,1
a google user : very bad game,1
a google user : it very bad,0
a google user : it is very bad,0
a google user : helped me alot,1
yaswanth srinivas : it is is a worst game,1
kunal saha : hated it,1
toni fuoss : this is beast mode,1
a google user : very bad game,1
karthi kjo : the worst game,1
plopperbumnut gillespie : sick asf guys,1
tanveer gupta : lots of bugs,1
prateek prayash : soo addictions app,1
anmol bhatia : very bad game,1
saif rahamankhan : it is boring,1
blake neely : not interesting,1
karthik b sourya : level 1is boring,1
branded utkarsh singh baghel : i hate this game,1
vihang rathod : very bad game,1
thorn vova : not loved it that much,1
unbeatable hacker : ok but boring,1
kami martz : this is lame,1
mahesh raja : not well planned,1
nathanael : nothing but great,1
empyre : the game is pointless,1
satyam sonar : tension release game.....,1
emee zeday : man this game this game!!,1
aref aboutrabi : it's a good game you can play it anytime it's nice?!!,1
nihaal karhadkar : im just waiting for a new update!!!,1
daniel fenton farchi : the best game on the,1
atul mangal : excellent graphics and music.,1
danielle gorski : really fun and challenging,1
kane nagai : very simple and soothing.,1
michael eppley : challenging,1
daniel k : just everything is great.,1
aryan raja : the.best game ever,1
rashid buhejji : great graphics ... boring game,1
kitty cat : there are cute little llamas!!!!!!,1
westin newson : amazing game for almost any time.,1
anime doze : this game is great....... fun to play,1
arsonist_xpert : loved it!,1
kenzie liem : i love this game!!!!!!,1
sajeesh james : addictive,1
abbasali kerawala : excellent awesome game it is,1
marcus williams : love the music and atmosphere.,1
mayukh poddar : awesome,1
a google user : boy's favourite game,1
u b : best realistic game.,1
gabriel garcia : it's an awesome game,1
a google user : i loved it it's good,1
bibek rawat : good adventure game.,1
terry baggett : awesome it's so good,1
yorrichi tsugikuni : i think it's amazing,1
a google user : this is great game,1
ghanta gouthamdas : it's an awesome game,1
anthony torres-cruz : i think it's awesome,1
cabrini : loved it great game,1
devil dog5968 : it's an awesome game,1
a google user : it's an awesome game,1
d a d y : this is game is great time killer,1
a google user : i'm lovin' it.. great game..best music..,1
arun singh : one of the finest game yet,1
yuneek bhardwaj : heads off,1
peeps check : it is very calming,1
trena hershberger : cool!,1
karan agarwal : it's awesome yr,1
killerange 101 : it's really fun,1
william mann : it's the best at what it does.,1
shaveta badyal : nice. must play,1
unlimited fun : nice. game boss,1
anand sagar offfical : best snow game.,1
brajendra kumar : very nice game,1
manju cj : the best game i have ever played all of you download it,1
a google user : worst game in my life,1
vijay singh : background music is wonderful,1
a google user : amazing graphics,1
global tamil : it's good game,1
swaroop gavhane : it's nice game,1
edward estrada : the best ever.,1
wp plus : awesome. and peaceful,1
afraz ahmad : just love this game .,1
kamdyn briggs : it's a good chillaxer,1
saideep ps : it's the perfect game,1
anders fischer : nice smooth graphics.,1
a google user : it's a beautiful game,1
the official dushu : it is a awesome game.,1
nicolas angulo : overall a great game.,1
tushar dash : it's a very nice game,1
karan kushwaha : nothing but the best.,1
fire : fun played for hours,1
dvnm 666 : awesome and fun game,1
subhashree chand : good game it's cooool,1
shubham srivastava : this is very awesome.,1
jhorlind rico apal : more thrills to come.,1
a google user : nice and fun to play.,1
game&trails : it's a beautiful game,1
super hylian kid : it's a beauitful game,1
mikhail kirton : this game is awesome.,1
bad influence garage : exciting addictive game!,1
bharani throttlerz : awesome graphics & sound effects...i loved it...,1
kirti agarwal : i think this game is full to endless. .... and,1
uttam kumar : a adventurous game ....best for time pass.....,1
a google user : really great game..... gr8 graphics..... silent..... and relaxing game,1
a google user : giving star because it is high rated....,1
gillian burden : what!!!! it's amazing,1
a google user : it's cool make more games like it,1
sandip kumar : i like this game very much ....... smooth touch.......,1
alma hadidi : one of the best games!,1
stipe krpeta : trully beautiful game!,1
chase : such a beautiful game!,1
expovlogmeo : nice.looking to make a number two,1
gaurav : superb.very nice graphics loveit,1
a google user : it is such a good game,1
aubrielle hazell : in short words this game is life. awesome!!!!!!!!,1
a google user : this game is awesome!,1
penguinpopsickle : deserves the 5 stars!,1
swarna thakur : omg this is just osmm....... loved it...must try,1
amol sonawane : nice game....... but it can be modified further.. ..,1
shayan bagchi : love the background music!!!,1
jesus sotelo : great game!! love it!!,1
boomergray : this game is worse than my banana,1
aldrin s : so addicted,1
jayant kumar : it is very nice game... i loved it;);),1
papiya sarkar : awesome graphics ,1
kabuto drifting : best game in the world,1
uzii : fun & chill game to play,1
husna dzakia : i really love this game.,1
mahmudul hasan : it's comfortable to play,1
akash raii : it's amazingly beautiful,1
kavita kataria : best game in the world,1
kspades : it's definitely worth it,1
joker me : the game is amazingness.,1
faizan khan : this is excellent game .,1
dankmemesover90 1 : its really good *@>#>****,1
pritam majumder : this game is awesome and it's graphics and controls.....,1
h0pe_o : i'm addicted to it !!!,1
wyatt loy : hey that's pretty good,1
ajay goyal : i'm excited to play it,1
rivelino santana : this game is the best.,1
diaperjuice_ 48 : awesomeness. nuff said,1
a google user : that's cool wanapatito,1
sujit kumar sinha : it's entertaining game,1
pradeep gamage : good but it's toosmall,1
hardik kuldeep : simply awesome.,1
shaheel ibrahim : the music is awesome man... and game,1
mathi sandhya : "great..... !!!!!! "its awsome...,1
kumar saurav : it's simply superb...,1
kamal umar : it's good,1
gaming life : cool stund,1
quicktze : it's very fun,1
revanth mandala : it's nice all,1
rakhi jain : best game in the world!,1
a google user : this game is very nice this game is very nice this game is very nict,1
skyler smith : it won't let me play just stays at the title screen plzzzz fix i really want this game!,0
anjali pal : i love the graphics and music also...,1
subhin gath : nice theam...!!,1
bela sandra larasati : everything is awesome!!!,1
ag hyp3b3ast pro : cool graphics it's just awesome,1
kushagra tyagi : best game ever played it has a good clearity and is flawless. adventures too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
ali shahabi : nice & relaxing especialy with headphones,1
jake fletcher : unbelievably entertaining and addictive.,1
sachin lalwani : idiots will love this game .....,1
nathan butler : awesome! loved it.,1
juan ibiapina : entertaining for about half an hour.,1
max l : i cant belive i no the crater,1
lealyn reyes : boo don't play this boo boo boo,1
vanessa : it was a great game!,1
cayden peterson : very beautiful game!,1
sumit taran : the best game ever. ^0^,1
suvil jayaswin : i like the minimalistic gameplay.... awesome,1
gautam nandi chowdhury : great game ...i just loved it coooooooool...,1
luke meunier : just beautiful... that's all i can say...,1
itssammy123 cd : love the music,1
avs latur : great graphics !!,1
anfal bubere : this is a cool games,1
a google user : loved it!!!!!!!,1
grimsley jigoku : very fun and beautiful.,1
yellowjello : its unbelievably cool,1
a google user : cool snowboarding game,1
a google user : amazing. love this game,1
a google user : so peacefully,1
noah nickels : amazing,1
braulio ramirez : it's really challenging,1
osman raidhan : really cool,1
a google user : this is very addictive game love it.....,1
roshan kalsi : i very very very love this game,1
deepak chauhan : its just simply epic!!!!!!,1
light works : *hits five stars again*,1
joey fox : i !!! love !!! this !!! app !!!,1
rameshkumar gajula : good graphics... easy to play ...love it,1
rishabh shaw : waiting for update.... how can i reach the developers,1
madhumita baagchi : gr8 music loved it(),1
allauddin ansari : busted............ damn it........,1
andrei crisostomo : it's so cool,1
shubham chhetri : it's so nice,1
akshay krishnan : nice to play this game..,1
abhishek bharadwaj : wat a game luv this game!!!!!!,1
kashief salie : k cool!,1
vinod pawar : add some more tricks with more graphics,1
nabhanyu hirawat : loved it!!,1
kelvin keli : simply superb!!,1
a google user : this is the beautiful game and nice grips,1
iconshogun : can you play this on outdated touch phones?,1
aryan singh : addictive!,1
chinmay pimplapure : wow just wow...soothing till the end...,1
root : for 30 minutes i play but cannot finish task 'grind over 3 rooftops' because there are no rooftops generated !!! idiotas,0
alpha junk yard : that's to pleasurable.,1
kishore kumar : it's ok,1
faizan qadeer : the best <3,1
aisyah shahirah : love this,1
danul maurk : i love it this game...,1
fawwaz malika taufik : this game is amazing and colorful!,1
a google user : this is awesome... nice game... team alto,1
a google user : best game,1
kombatlookout boy : this is the best game ever!!!!!!!,1
levi steven : cool game!!!!,1
big yorski : why does this game have ratings lower than 5 stars at all?,1
canceriousig : great game,1
elemmnt : _ so bootipul ( beautiful ),1
joseph puty : it's a good game (y),1
a google user : it's completely awesome...great work...,1
nidhi pant : addicted..... totally loving it,1
soldier 007 : it's very simple and relaxing:)),1
durban poizon : awesome game,1
suraj kumar : its givinge relaxation when i am in......,1
jsaceves04 : the best game!!!,1
balaji balu : best game wow!!!,1
soumili tapadar : really awesome... ... superb graphics adventurous. ..,1
a google user : beautiful and nice (:,1
a google user : simple game but it attractive me......,1
kaly animatz : f** k ( fantastic) game,1
ruby tollett : love this game and everything about this game!,1
rauf shaikh : i love this game very much,1
frank tedesco : eye,1
michael lee egbert : it is a good game !!!!!!,1
bopanna varun : it could be even aswme.....,1
a google user : i think it's a good game. . i love this game.,1
a google user : it is a great game:),1
manashjyoti mech : awesomei love this,1
satvik srivastava : brilliant awesome...,1
ninuel jayme : simply that's why i loved it :*,1
bryana key : luv it!! try it...,1
jyotirath mitra : artistic and beautiful...!,1
michael lyons : cool game to play!!!!,1
willem wolfe : love the whole game in all!!!!!,1
a google user : so surreal...its challenging...and the zen mode ...is..well...zen...,1
s k : amazing . nowords for the game .,1
a google user : it is hard but i like this game,1
narayan thapa : i am not play this game,1
dan : dont instale this app,1
dilan brahmkshatriya : it never got started in my phone,1
shiro : the game can make you relax,1
billboiy panchoabarquez : this game,1
nita jain : i never play like this game,1
brienna applins : it is what a been looking for the whole time,1
edwin marquez : i like the snow in the game,1
siva malla : xlnt game but not yet downloadee,1
akash verma : i think this game make specially for me,1
kawaii channel : i always trust noodlecake for my games,1
taybhow : this the game right here lol,1
jaden cano : it reminds me if snowboardig when i was 9,1
queenidk : alto odyseey on adroid not iphone,1
a google user : i have cleared all the levels yppiee,0
blaer andrei : the platformer game i have ever played,1
sriharsha vardhan : searching for dis game from 3years when i seen it on apple,1
hrishikesh k : cheta itha n mass kidu game,1
xettri rohan : eta too gud for non onlyn players,1
jay mourya : i just like this game very much,1
this is jeet : to an,1
a google user : it is my first jump and run game,1
a google user : i think it need a little bit color,1
gucci boyz lit : they should do a multiplayer race update,0
jyotiranjan nayak : wow is the word which i can only say,1
firlia abdullah : this game no commentar,1
a google user : super background music try to improve it more,1
vicki sanford : it tells a story about a special trip to the mountains,1
mayank verma : mst game h night graphic bhi,1
gagan halder : lovely ,1
kamesh kumar : this is superb game to play....,1
avishka senadheera : addictive... but awesome game...,1
plerb : love it i play music while i was playing it ^_^^_^^_^,1
rohit koner : awesome game,1
faiyaz kabir : it's a great game.....love it,1
a google user : beautiful and fun i love it !!!!!!!!!!,1
gared nickas : this is awesome!,1
mary's sealhunter : amazing and fun!,1
a google user : there should be controls like 'jump' 'duck',0
jakub kraj : this game is f.....g,1
bhavish kariappa : awsome .....:-d,1
prithyush s raj : awesome game! you should download it!!!!!!!,1
kemo_dawg56 ._. : yo the second beat game ever!!!!,1
a google user : awsome and fun..,1
jacob hill : great game!!!,1
a google user : nice game ever!!!,1
a google user : simply beautiful!,1
wan alwaez : amazing graphics!,1
gabriel silva : simply wonderful!,1
a google user : loved the game!,1
bijendra shrivastav : cool and calm !,1
a sengupta : this is great !,1
modern gamers : its a nice game,1
kellie bailey : plz fix will not download,0
hagan ulrich : this game is the funnest miny type of game ever,1
aman reniwal : it must be upgrade and new skateboard must come,1
hananeh ghorbani : it's brilliant game,1
p spencer : awesome game love it.,1
vikas agarwal : it's just amazing..... whoa...,1
hari charan : love it.......nice to play during classes......,1
rue me : i can't play it,1
a google user : fun ,1
john dickson : best game in the world!!!!,1
a google user : loved it amazing graphics .. ssuperbbbbbbb,1
sannidhya kundu : "nice,1
a google user : this is game is awesome and u should download,1
thejus sajeev : ...loved the game,1
shashank gupta : it's really good ............ very .....good,1
rishav sarkar : it,1
dardan beqiri : is this game made with unity?,1
msindo rookie : perfection!,1
jamstand : why do they call it "alto's anventer" in he's not tall?,0
arbin shil : ||this game is awesome||,1
subha s : love this game,1
gregory vargas : beautiful game for free? hard to find but this is it.,1
rima arora : game with intoxicating beauty,1
ashwani kant free astrologer : very exciting..... full of action.........,1
raghvendra joshi : the best game ......... awesome music .....,1
malachy bodak : what a steal?,1
the emperor : this is a game on the top charts??? what has happend to games this game sucks,1
adrij maheswar : fantastic mind blowing...,1
a google user : best game..played,1
susan morgan : it fun because it's about fun,1
a google user : cool graphics,1
khuswant tiwari : awsmnn...fantastic game,1
ramu inakollu : liked it much...,1
sheikh sayem : one of the best game...,1
iam hystrix : how about the scene changing slower? i think it would be better,1
cameron lewis : awesome everything!,1
benoy koley : the graphics is awesome,1
emy jaybie : the best!!,1
mariacristina flores : its good!!,1
chaldea may escala : the best!!,1
ricincrackers : i tried 23 times to download it and when it downloaded the screen stayed black all night this app sucks,0
a google user : i reach the lastfinally....,1
arshad muhammed : it's,1
kotato shosho : loved it. 100%,1
jaahnavi bh : beautiful graphics..,1
mara de medici : best snowbord game...,1
vishnu jaiswal : best game. best graphic,1
yasin khan : what a awesome game,1
shaunchelle : this game is awesome!!!!,1
default channel : meh,1
feyad alli : dope!!!!!!! love the graphics,1
hope naidoo : it's an awesome !!!,1
theresa tialavea : love it that's it. love it,1
chamie alvarez : cool game 5/5,1
viswajith vijayan : good concept,1
gapd goldmine : great app!!,1
karli angu : nice and immersive play....,1
neeraj singh : awesome game... try it,1
anand kishor : love it man awesome...,1
black piece : so cool graphics...,1
unknown person : happy with it!,1
anshul singh : loved it !,1
s k : addictive!,1
aurora : awesome app!!,1
liam : contacts permissions?? why does it need to know my contacts?!,1
a. ramalingam : the scenry is awesome,1
luka gouveia : such an amazing game,1
semere : meditative and relaxing!,1
b richardson : love it. simple and easy.,1
ben aitken : fun,1
arpita singharoy : veryyyyyy cool and relaxing game,1
laura m : great graphics and very relaxing,1
a google user : great graphics. love it.,1
rakesh yadav : simple but intersting,1
e lee : so easy and fun!,1
f. shmi : awesome graphics and relaxing bgm,1
manu krish dk : love the music and awesome gameplay,1
a google user : this is a good game,1
ibrahim topu : this game is,1
dani tama : tnx..to you game creator,1
rentavon : it was a high fps game. i like the game like this .,1
balach jamaldini : awesome game love it....,1
chandra shekher mishra : world-class.,1
dvoxjustchillin : this game is awesome....,1
krakhed_kiki : this game is amazing....,1
sandy mourya : awesome....peaceful game,1
a google user : great game....install it,1
roy randolph : it's great,1
kartikeya upadhyay : ..... words are less,1
cruzthedude : it's great.,1
gigi ludu : absolutely beautiful!,1
kenneth pereira : awesome and peaceful!,1
emmah wanjiku : love it's graphics & everything in this game,1
tushar singh : very nice game...,1
ruby angel : amazing incredible beautiful......,1
nathaniel jackson : just one word to describe... grat!?!?!?!?!,1
surya gandham : simply superb....!,1
abdul niyas : guys where is the part 2,1
goontayvo : how's it free on android but not on ios? ion get that,1
a google user : absolutely boring.,1
ayeshath subha : great game!!,1
sumeet swain : great game!!,1
sergey aleksanyan : great game!!,1
pushkar naidu : great game!!,1
sairi : great game very relaxing,1
vivek ramdas : great game. love it.,1
roneld yumnam : relaxing. thank you.,1
upasana ghosh : excellent aesthetic!,1
abstracttion : absolutely stunning!,1
antoni p : and he just rotate anticlockwise... why?,1
demon savage : thing in it love it,1
jyotsna borah : nothing to say about it.,1
josiah avalos : its a relaxed game,1
rafi ahmed : its superb. loved it.,1
khairul izzan : great graphics!!!,1
rudrik j trivedi : mind-blowing game is this,1
stew : though the guy was a rat.,1
alc a : great game!!!!,1
jason mitchell : back flips only are the coolest,1
jana smart : try this awesome!!!,1
paul blackflag : alto's odyssey. i need it.,1
a google user : i love this game....,1
julian rodriguez : it's sexy.,1
m c : it's cool.,1
jaswanth raj : it's good,1
a google user : it's cool.,1
tanay sarda : it is a awesome game......,1
a google user : awsome......totally awsoe,1
josh everdeen : great game. thanks.,1
naanii d : awesome. nice game.,1
noam bahar : great game. period.,1
atul kumar rajput : hats off ,1
atticus spillman : awesome at sucking my cloaca,1
kumar saurabh : fabulous.. everything...,1
chitra : so exciting!!!!!!,1
somaskandan s : relaxing!,1
adrian molo : loved it!,1
muhammad salman masood : amazing effects on phone screen,1
daniel fred laudato : this is the f*c*i*n*g,1
a google user : simple. fun. calming. atmospheric.,1
fahad imran : matvolous creation like totaly,1
mable stark : simple and addictive!,1
ayashi nandy : relaxing helps to overcome stress,1
parkash pies : it is just awesome.,1
leon : it gives a beautiful feeling,1
anushka srivastava : boring!,1
samapti shil : it's very very very good,1
fan dj : nice and wonderful game,1
brandon flores : even amazing is an understatement this is godly,1
a google user : great graphics good game,1
aryan : good game clam and relaxing,1
a google user : pro genji would love this,1
a google user : this game is so relaxing,1
saksham .n : nice music well done,1
wesley drozd : it is really adicting and fun,1
deshawnah afoa : great graphics and fun gameplay,1
vicky silva : very good game play,1
raman sharma : realllyyyy addictive,1
bharath technical point : great graphics and amazing game,1
nishanth ravi : this is good as the game,1
lydia diaz : fun and addict ive,1
a google user : mood and interesting nice games,1
murray newsom : great to pass the time,1
joel hernandez : i love this game,1
a google user : this game very interesting,1
ayy lmao-_- : great game very addicting,1
al mcneill : very good gameplay and graphics,1
jay parkar : beautiful graphics and music,1
rahul kumar : great graphics and relaxing music,1
chris reher : amazing graphics for a mobile game,1
loay yasser : best game great graphics,1
a google user : super and addictive game choice,1
rishabh dev : it's awesome...,1
enrique diaz : i love everything about this game,1
natalie hnatiuk : realaxing and fun fit for a king,1
hashmi's education : very nice game ever,1
ms power birds monish : this game is super and good,1
salman jahangir : nice graphics and relaxing environment,1
kx7-beastduck : the best game ever,1
yugi muto : it was addicting fun and inventive,1
a google user : this game is very good,1
hardik sharma : its really amazing relaxing,1
a google user : super awesome bro,1
a google user : love this game an the music too,1
axel rodriguez : its a good game get it,1
shanthi shashi : nice time pass game,1
ss tech : i just love the game,1
anand lahary : adventurous game with superb graphics,1
a google user : most beautiful game ever,1
kulwinder singh : best game with awesome music,1
josiah phelps : this is an cool game,1
adam sherar : great game very interesting,1
vijay reddy : very nice game,1
lipi pal : most soothing game,1
yasin yasin : this very cool game,1
jacob w : great graphics and physics,1
a google user : this is best adventure game,1
a google user : the game is damn cool,1
laine williams : its awesome play it,1
a google user : this game is so cool,1
mark garrill : does not load shame,1
monika paul : awesome playing experience,1
a google user : this game is very cool,1
a google user : it was addictive ad and amezing,1
rinku khatri : very nice game i loved it,1
lil king : this game is so awesome,1
darius woods : very cool,1
bhushan medidhi : such a wonderful soft game,1
camper gaming : awesome game easy to play,1
a google user : graphics are awesome and the game is amazing,1
a google user : a very nice game,1
anju singh : awesome time pass game,1
a google user : awesomely nice kinda cute,1
boys humphlett : the art is spectacular,1
ladjack : i absolutely love this game,1
pankaj santwal : good but not batter,1
a google user : great game and good graphics,1
a google user : that game is so excellent,1
nathan cates : its the best game of the year,1
chetan8ra : beautiful stress relieving game,1
saif sajid : yery good control and grapics,1
rizerreaction game and skateboarding funny video : cool games and simple to play,1
francisco caceres : it was awesome and so addictive,1
frazer mills : great game really enjoyed it,1
gd eater : it a very interesting game,1
le iliyas : nice game need update,1
vinayagam : it is very entertaining,1
a google user : this isa motivation game,1
subhash tade : i is a very good game,1
berthy bernard : game i recommend it,1
a google user : good graphics and fun to play,1
a google user : a wonderful game with graphics,1
a google user : really good and amazing places,1
tisha walters : i think it as so awesome,1
xhoi dani : its a amazing game i loved it,1
a google user : cool game with great graphics,1
ada pfeiffer : beautiful graphics and it is fun and challenging,1
a google user : am lovely game to play,1
a google user : awesome game love the music,1
a google user : this game is as cool as ice,1
anil kumar : really awesome game,1
a google user : can improve the game more,1
nishat tasnim : this is a challenging game,1
mangesh kamble : very nice addictive game,1
bittersweet : beautiful game with stunning graphics,1
patrick dagher : i thought it was a better game,1
aagha sai : it one of the best game,1
hrithik chandrashekar : best game of all time,1
ajay kumar : the background music was awesome,1
subhadip mondal : good time pass game,1
a google user : this is a very good game,1
rohan budheliya : it is awesome and easy to play,1
strictly13abc 1 : it is really relaxing and fun,1
rxwjin : the fines game,1
ushan balachandran : awesome greatest fun game,1
righteous flying bananas : truly a calming artistic masterpiece,1
jaya pillay : this is very nice and perfect,1
kyle shelley : awwsome the graphics are beautiful,1
neetesh shukla : enjoyed a lot good game,1
nathaniel luces : super fun and addictive,1
rebekah awungshi : makes you feel great,1
donte f : i love this game,1
a google user : this game is realy fun,1
a google user : nice and perfect edit game,1
a google user : best background music ever,1
rob stone : offline game too,1
melissa renee : fun and nice graphics,1
a google user : its a great game for everyone,1
seven kincaide : the animals are cool,1
devapati michael : awesome game ever played,1
renjini jayan : enjoyed it very much,1
sheela johnson : the best relaxing game,1
dhanush s : is good play to enjoy,1
aryan mhetre : odessey is more better than this,1
david tross : its so cool,1
akoka dombo : we should make it 3d,1
aqib aziz : grapes is very beautiful,1
extreme _ gravity : title says it all,1
sony sabu : great graphics and great theme,1
subhajit paul finisher : its an awesome game,1
beverly bailey : the best v ame,1
shekhar chauhan : love this game great graphics,1
101 roy devang : its realy nice,1
chance wilson : very intricately designed,1
sangeetha cafe : sliding from snow was nice and flying,1
mini martin : one of the best boreless game,1
thusitha kumara : best game ever played,1
jack dugger : this game is so awesome,1
plushi : awsome beacase it is,1
boss knit india : very nice game,1
a google user : it is a fun addictive game,1
gavyn jackson : this is such a great game,1
abcd abcd : i love this game so much,1
archana pooja : its just great it is cool,1
nappy boi : this is not a bad game,1
a google user : nice game for short time,1
nadiline vasilcic : its a great time killer,1
ojeifo yusuf : the game is rekaxing and fun,1
liteshow ctrlitex : great graphic and very easy,1
kritmay pachaury : best game for time pass,1
jayden castellanos : the game is so fun,1
a google user : so awesome game in life,1
babita pandey : the graphics are extremely satisfying,1
a google user : just normal addictive game,1
addrain : such a awesome game,1
abdul wasi shahzeb : nice game play,1
saraju salve : love dis game a lot,1
a google user : one of my favorite games,1
shree line : very nice super advantage,1
a google user : very adventure game,1
sasuke axel : great game fun to play,1
a google user : i love this game,1
sanji lomelin : awesome ahhh he bruh,1
balaram sai : the game is very good,1
varun reddy : it is a fun and interesting game,1
futomomo : its pretty good,1
jaivion willocks : its very fun,1
eris robinson : well that was fun for like 5min,1
rayane louhichi : i love everything about this game,1
jovany ortiz : its an awesome game,1
rama tripathi : this is the excellent game in this world,1
celia nava : awesome game l loved it,1
anthony naameh : this is a very nice game,1
rani jha : ok nice game and graphics,1
shujon returns : great game 4 all,1
vltxblade : well played,1
richmond boateng : one of the best games,1
deeva kumari : this game is very interesting,1
simarjeet singh : but became more good,1
a google user : this is very best game,1
jordan vlogs 2.0 : so relaxing and gourges,1
k. dna : awesome graphics,1
jonathan pelcastre : it is the best game ever,1
divyanshu singh : best game in my words,1
pranoj kumar naga : i love this game,1
i walrus : plain simple and pleasant graphics,1
raj kumar : very good game and nice,1
a google user : it is very cool with the grafics,1
sam r : good graphics and gameplay,1
maxavum overdrive : really good graphics and gameplay,1
a google user : most beautiful ge in the world,1
tyler smith : it is the best game ever,1
a google user : the ambience in this very lovely,1
ramprasad mandal : i love this game,1
vikas verma : a pretty awesome game,1
dhairya agarwal : the controls can be better,1
polla fattah : one of the best games,1
makmur rizka : i love this game hahah,1
goldskey dalmond : it so realistic,1
a google user : my cat likes it,1
logan : loved the music and smoothness of the game,1
april mcgrew : this is a super cool app,1
luis fuentes : the animations on this is awesome,1
a google user : it is the best game ever,1
mitanshu singh : awesome nd simple game,1
tashawn i subscribe russell : i love this game thanks,1
thenessagroovin : its so fun and butifull,1
bertha saparagrant : wow this game is amassing,1
tejpal gupta : its grapic are vary good,1
lee : a very fun game,1
dravid 29 : outstanding game with superb idea,1
jeff barlow : pretty fun and easy,1
a google user : i love the background music,1
patel satyam : this is very best game,1
josh timmerman : this is the best game ever,1
bhaskar pareek : this game is so best,1
anshumali kumar : i would love to play,1
saugan raj : one of the most relaxing game,1
deepak cp : this is a good adventure game,1
a google user : i love this game,1
a google user : i love this amazing game,1
rana taimoor nasir : very nice game,1
a google user : good developers proved themselves,1
finn zappos : five star all round,1
scott coleman : loved it on my youtube chanell,1
a google user : it a good game to play,1
md.azizul hakim : really like it,1
keviscap : this game is really fun,1
nirmal achu : one of my favorite game,1
09. arnab biswas : i think it is a interesting game,1
dead guy : this is very peaceful and happy,1
toby vlogz : it is very cool,1
xeulo : gameplay on fleek,1
eloise ruby : everything about this game is 5 stars,1
a google user : this game s awesome,1
black 100 : its a cool game to play,1
team legends : awesome good and relaxing,1
dhayanithi dhaya : very nice and interesting game,1
emma adams : love it sooooo much,1
danish xd : what a lovely graphics and scene,1
m.s.n. suresh : its very nice game,1
a google user : good graphics and easy to use,1
ash belly : simple yet awesome game,1
andres melendez : y love it is amazing really,1
sushaan magar : the music is very relaxing,1
abhishek bose : this game is really good,1
syafiq 31 : thank you for the awsome game,1
a google user : the game is very amazing,1
jason steger : this is a mind blowing game,1
cloud : best game so calm,1
sapinder kaur : superb game and graphics,1
a google user : it is very good game,1
shivanjan sarkar : it is just awesome game,1
a google user : it is so nice game,1
dersimi : we are waiting for new adventure,1
a google user : totally the best game ever,1
nathan worden : the graphics are jaw dropping,1
ali meydani : i thinks its good,1
manasi sathe : should download,1
viet-anh d. nguyen : the most beautiful game,1
mak1258 : very addictive,1
techno gaming point : good game with nice graphics,1
a google user : it is very good app,1
urmil kumari : this game is very good,1
a google user : gud game and entertaining one,1
a google user : the gang is super fun,1
a google user : the most satisfying game,1
noah duister : cool game i would recommend it,1
sriram v : its very good game,1
pradeep sharma : the best game of the playstore,1
rimon 531 rimon 531 : the best game in the world,1
joseph megainey : really good i loved it,1
vishnu vardhan reddy : its a very nice game,1
swaggernaut 65 : soothing graphics,1
lynlyn estrera : i love this game,1
kymberly dukes : it is the best game in the world,1
a google user : this game is best for children,1
1st person kel : the best game ever,1
jose perez : beautifully graphics,1
angel johnson : just love it so addictive,1
prashant joshi : excellent download it cool graphices,1
a google user : this is very beautiful game,1
sadia arshad : great graphics and music,1
gareth smith : it needs to be a bit educational,1
justina gebhard : coolest game ever,1
a google user : my favorite game is alto,1
demon hunter : most addictive,1
vishnu 12 th arts : it is very easy and interesting,1
manish sinsinwar : best game of my life,1
ashley stafford : this game is super cool,1
monika : it is a very good and adventureous,1
britto eric : its very nice game,1
a google user : more game play needed,1
shashank singh : editor choices maker are the best,1
a google user : its a breathe taking game,1
a google user : love the vibe and aspect of the game,1
a google user : i think this game is awesome,1
a google user : it is nice game to play,1
josh lopez : love the graphics,1
dulloor adithya : i think its a better game,1
parth : this game is very relaxing,1
j meeseeks : i love that music,1
a google user : it is a very good game,1
elijah mejia : just looked amazing from the jump,1
nate walker : it is a great game,1
joan sole terol : its so cool,1
makai weathers : this game is awesome for me,1
rogelio : i think this game is the best on android,1
gregory dudka : this game is awesome,1
a google user : i love this game,1
sarthak jain : this is the best adventure game,1
moaad m : cool game simple and nice,1
mahfoudh : its very nice game,1
a google user : its so fun,1
earning master : best app of my life,1
jinsue varghese : good graphics nyc game,1
opinionayted : pretty cool game,1
savalicious gamer : this is the most beautiful,1
johnvel hebron : cool everyone play this game,1
ez ultimate : it is the best,1
telly jayy : this game is so cool,1
a google user : it is very adventurous games,1
a google user : cool adventure games,1
barl3y tr1ng : really is a good game,1
ajay poojari : gameplay is excellent,1
namrata banthia : it is very nice,1
i like tacos : this game is amazingly cool,1
calvin karis : the best fun game,1
a google user : great not stop game,1
jj! : so fun and creative,1
raja rao bobbepally : having a fun play,1
bala murali : excellent work of art game,1
a google user : the best game ever,1
chintan chawda : cool game ever had,1
dont need a name and i don't care : easy to hack,1
a google user : very good and nice games,1
akdov370 : love the graphics and simplicity,1
boini. shivakumar. kumar : this is a very nice game,1
shaikh rajjak : i love this game,1
a google user : its a beautiful game,1
utkarsh raj : excellent no word for name,1
a google user : very good graphics game,1
a google user : it is the best game in the world,1
womtashu : this game is addictive love it,1
david lane : i think the game was great,1
asit mandi : i love this soo much,1
a google user : i enjoyed this game,1
deacon frost : need a sequel or a big update,1
pratham powar : awesome want more pleas3,1
a google user : the game is very good,1
taylor giles : enjoyed every minute of it,1
alex mancia : omg this the most awsome game,1
ana ramos : relaxing and a little parcore,1
daniel cruz : worth the download,1
mufaiz ahmed : superb plz download this game,1
guilherme sabino : only one word amazing,1
a google user : i love this game,1
a google user : the best literly suck it,1
dirk la foucade : best games of the year,1
lewis : best game of its jonra,1
a google user : a awesome game for any viewer,1
a google user : i really love this game,1
jonathan b : lots of fun with a beautiful backdrop,1
richik mukherjee : awesome time pass,1
the minecraft channel : it is a very relaxing game,1
vinod kumar : cool game better experience,1
a google user : this is so much fun,1
pythonyt : the game is so peaceful,1
saliny jain : nice nothing to tell about it,1
jamie adamson music : great game,1
vamsikrishna peddibhotla : awesome game must play,1
sam wright : best game out,1
a google user : it is the best timepass game,1
devin nichols : i love the game s,1
sath ish : awesome to play and very addictive,1
e. arun majumder : the game is very beautiful,1
ma jacent damasco : i think its nice,1
jamhad taylor : is so relaxing to play,1
a google user : very good graphics and game,1
afshan ali : this is better than perfect,1
yokappa : amazing graphics and music is fenominal,1
vimla malav : this is the best game for graphics,1
dosrelic 7173 : it is relly funny and fun,1
otto pearson : best phone game ever,1
dustbin y. : best online shopping app,1
dev garg : best game in the world for skiing,1
a google user : editor i love this game,1
md. suvo talukder : game graphic is so beautiful,1
hd xy : my favourite game,1
a google user : it is so cool and fun,1
a google user : i think is is great,1
a google user : nice time pass gamee,1
tasneem iqbal : one of my favourite game,1
abhay mahajan : beautiful artstyle,1
nighthawkgaming 79 : awsome game great job,1
cross x zone : very very nice game,1
a google user : this is a great game for me,1
a google user : i really liked this game,1
ayman shah : a very good game,1
rhad parsa : i had fun playing it,1
saptarshi bag : awesome game with relaxing music,1
s williams : so beautiful and full of life,1
prakash das : it is a nice and exciting game,1
lajo jose : great graphics and music,1
gaurav singh : fabulous game i ever played,1
akshay saini : totally enjoyed it,1
rachel andras : this is the best game ever,1
a google user : i love this game,1
jayde burton : it is the best game in history,1
chitra iyer : i love this game,1
emilio martinez : the best game ever,1
a google user : the graphics are pretty good,1
mr.s.chundawat : this game is owsem,1
vinz masbate : this apk is so good,1
himalay naik : awesome its great one,1
aimaan asyraf : this game are so good,1
victor visscher : i think that it is a great game,1
daniel krebs : this game is frikin majestic,1
a google user : i think this game is fun,1
aicha issazabian : no changes needed,1
big murph : it is very addictive and fun,1
goyal shivam : very cool game,1
vishal padigela : nice gameply,1
armaan sidhu : the best game ever,1
a google user : akshay_yetzz feeling happy with this game,1
a google user : this game is so cool,1
a google user : the best game ever,1
a google user : this is very best game,1
videos with hazik bhat : nice and i think colll,1
sai nivas goud : very nice adventure,1
sumit the boss : its a nice game,1
longshot : the best game ever,1
merrille neufeld : great graphics peacful,1
luna's life : this game is the best love it,1
rajesh nair : great graphic and best game,1
gunwanth vunnava : get those ads,1
ian gary : easy to use,1
a google user : this is very fun,1
iz games : because the mind set is simple,1
jonathan mejia : cool game easy controls,1
fahmeed qadir : simply the best of all times,1
a google user : so additive great gameplay,1
pouya zh : best game music ever,1
selfie sathish : very addictive game,1
sonja tsiouris : me and bros love it,1
dimitar zlatanski : just amazing piece of art,1
mayank shetty : worth downloading,1
chi : it is a good time killer,1
deus : i really love it fam,1
damian5150 : peaceful and cool also relaxing,1
faheem khan : its become more creative,1
echo 2 : the best game ever,1
avanish tiwari : a must ply,1
amaze blaze : great for passing time and relaxing,1
a google user : this is a great game,1
shamin bakar : it is so amazing,1
jonathan lacoy : very calm game play,1
shubham bhatt : awsome gaming and nice graphics,1
shubham : excellent graphics and nice music,1
marcus linares : that so cool and allsome,1
ahm ad : its good and nice game,1
lily weaver : the grafics are amazing,1
landhyn : best in the 2017,1
a google user : it is very good for my,1
joshua yap : this game is so fun,1
1007bharathi 90475186 : thank you very much,1
vimo gaming : the best game on earth,1
v. naveen : i t is nice game,1
harpreet singh : nice game good graphics,1
a google user : it should be a bit interesting,1
hi whyme123 : second best game ever,1
vijay patel : great work on beauty and sound,1
ra the emo : its great to pass time,1
a google user : cool good graphics,1
barnabys kina : it is such a great game,1
mohammed nadeem : super i love this game,1
hiii don't care : it is a good game to play,1
dannyatw : beautiful graphics best game,1
cesar linares : the pictures look good,1
a google user : super game good graphics,1
a google user : this game is great and fun,1
a google user : its cool and relaxing game,1
a google user : the best game ever,1
a google user : superb game fantastic graphics and,1
animesimpin : awesome game addictive also,1
amaryllis marzdu : beautiful soundtrack and adorable game,1
a google user : i played this before in a different phone,1
tomas balon : this game is so fun,1
raghav raghav : nice game interesting,1
sanat s.k. bishnoi : the game is okkkk,1
almanzur maulana : really excited for altos odyssey,1
dan-iel cal-vin : i love the art of this game,1
a google user : i really like this game,1
iqram iqmal azizi : this game is so peaceful,1
a google user : i loved and the game and the music,1
a google user : loved the concept and how calming this game is,0
maze : very addictive and fun to play,1
varun sanghavi : nice and timepase game,1
manakchand jain : this game is wonderful in the world,1
damian horner : relaxing on zen mode with pandora,1
a google user : very addictive and i love it,1
parmod goel : this game is best for android,1
jickson thomas : love this awesome game,1
alicia negrete : it is a very fun game,1
delma jackson : its a good morning game,1
cherie michels : i think that it is a good game,1
a google user : i am in love with this game,1
ramzaan ali : really fun full of masti,1
selvi selvi : fun so awesome,1
sam shila : i realy love this game,1
a google user : very simple and sweet and addictive,1
carol kirkwood : best game of the year,1
sonu cp : best game of all time,1
ali .z : fantastic game nice graphics,1
a google user : i loved everything about the game,1
alan paterson : nice it looks beutiful,1
olufowobi akinsola : nyc gameplay awesome graphics,1
mohammed adnan : awasome game i really liked it,1
troch trolling : i love the graphics,1
satish ahirwar : this game is very happiness,1
nicolas priest : great addictive time killer,1
a google user : it is a awesome game to play,1
neil hughes : really excellent game,1
mara ciobanu : i love this game,1
antonio brooks : this game is awsome,1
gurpinder duggal : fine one,1
nagaraj b. s. : its really a good game,1
dewol maharjan : i want more adventure,1
a google user : i think this game is awesome,1
azeem : excellent game in my eyes,1
joe galindo : so relaxing,1
abdullah k : it s nice to play,1
tyler church : very good graphics,1
papo jr : it super cool,1
andre baez : it is good for a phone game,1
dante johnson : the game looks good,1
a google user : i love this game,1
a google user : i loved the background themselves,1
vashishtha : the soundtrack is really amazing,1
xzb2__27 : very very nice game,1
a google user : i think this app is awesome,1
a google user : the game is awesome and simple,1
a google user : awesome game and calming music,1
amrinder singh : what a great concept,1
zubaida qasim : very impressive and relaxing game,1
anuj dhariwal : not boring its amazing,1
a google user : better then which i played,1
a google user : this the best one yaw,1
will beech : this game is so good,1
jason karijo : its just awesome,1
veer rajput : it was very nice game,1
lucky murthy : is very nice game,1
fiasal aljohani : this is a very cool game,1
ross milliken : very nice visuals,1
aymane khalid allak : i love it so relaxing,1
rahul ghosh : this game is cool,1
chilacaa taylor : absolutely beautiful and so playworthy,1
fazal abdullah : but very easy,1
king_ ak : fun game to play whenever,1
nazmur raihan : fantastic gameplay with minimal graphics,1
kirito : cool in waiting for next version,1
mohamed durai : intresting rather than defining,1
satish nalkande : very nice graphics,1
umesh jain : awesome music and relaxing game,1
trevyn rabuck : its the best game ever,1
a google user : nice gam and nic cuality,1
miguel rojas : it is fun to play,1
rahul r : good game for time pass,1
jafvx : realy awsome fame love it,1
lowercase guy337 : this game is really cool,1
bharat siddeshwar : a great addective game,1
funny man : i love this game wow,1
vaibhav chaudhary : adventures are going ahead,1
adam kim : very entertaining and fun,1
loe buffaloe : top 10 in my book,1
ryan collins : super addictive and fun,1
meena singaravelu : addictive to the core,1
heather beth : the best game ever,1
ignas pank : the game is really beautiful,1
keven brooks : beautiful game and so chill,1
football messi and rolando : this is the best game ever,1
a google user : best game to pass time,1
jamal vidal : best game all round,1
abhishek tiwari : nice games,1
nero v : great game very challenging,1
a google user : aswome superb mind blowing,1
arun varghese : attractive theme and excellent gameplay,1
a google user : really a nice game dood,1
mohak awasthy : good graphics,1
shiva rajkumar : i think it is a good game,1
haroon mahmood : loved the back ground music,1
william calle : that was legitnith,1
samuel warren : i love this game,1
jays basketball world : the game was perfect by it self,1
a google user : good graphics,1
a google user : a really nice game,1
damian thomas : i love this game,1
a google user : this is very good games,1
deepak daiya : it is a very good game,1
nicholas hughes : best game played yet,1
a google user : the best adventure game ever,1
sutharsiny siva : the best game ever,1
shekhawat skills : it was a awesome game yo,1
emir kadric : its a really good game,1
blable bla : good graphics,1
fay samsung : my fave game by far,1
abigail : loved it greatest game ever,1
andre smith : cool ig very addictive,1
mano teja : superb game in play store,1
lol boi : very relaxing and beautiful game,1
loay dalis : it is the best game ever,1
deepak nandi : such a great time killer,1
ssr king : very smooth,1
deepanshu trikha : wow what a relaxing game loved it,1
coreapplegamer : very peace full and relaxing,1
emiliano cedillo : i really like this game,1
cesar cornejo : this game is so fun,1
a google user : a good game to play,1
a google user : nice graphic and fantastic game,1
sudhir waghmare : great game thanks for making it,1
aysha shahzad : i love this game,1
mehju godach : these game is so good,1
dilip ninama : this is very adventurous game,1
saurav sharma : popular and intresting game,1
swevenioo _ : time killer and very addictive,1
michael gomez : pretty awesome,1
shivam tiwari : i ve always loved it,1
siddiq : very nice game,1
amy de gouveia : the game is amazingly awesome,1
a google user : i love this game superrr,1
nijanthan a : such a great relaxing game,1
cristian jimenez : i love the game,1
bossuptyler : really cool game to play,1
philippians : 4:13 : interesting and something different,1
marco mendoza : this game is so cool,1
a google user : its very interesting game,1
ninja bush : it was fun and was verey adicting,1
a google user : fak this game,1
mahmood alam : it s too good,1
rafiq sir's commerce classes : games is great,1
leon h : fun with nice graphics,1
rishabh jha : beautifully conceived and executed,1
manjunath pichipally : it is good game with adventures,1
ganzo : one of my favorite games,1
harendra bhandari : it is real life game,1
nathan hewitt : this is my favourite game,1
remington tapp : best ghrafics ever,1
a google user : good but very good,1
kadine smith : the back ground is beautiful,1
the 4musckateers b : i love this game,1
aidid harraz : its a lovely peice of art,1
listen here : i absolutely adore this game,1
jeff navarro : this is so fun,1
shubhangi shinde : wonderful game with amazing graphics,1
manmeet riat : i just love this game,1
jake ford : it is super coooooool,1
privado justin : it is a very fun game,1
emad uddin : stunning illustration graphics and gamplay,1
pagerick wade : very fun and addicting,1
jamie kilpatrick : goooooood game for every body,1
bharti agrawal : this game is best,1
aman pratap singh tomar : its good and fun playing,1
jham mayumi : i totaly love this game,1
tromity : great game and it is really addictive,1
a google user : what a beautiful wonderful game,1
himan saha : awsum brings peace to mind,1
steven bowling : really liked it,1
brayden lane : really good,1
jacob black : i love this game,1
a google user : i love this game,1
red fox : love to play this,1
manjeet dhanju : superb good love this game,1
gg 20 : the song is very good,1
prabha karan : good game in adventure ever,1
rain creek : this is one of my favorites,1
mrstone : the best game to get,1
aniket gupta : it is great a game,1
shakib shajon : this is a very nice game,1
sanjay vishwa : the best game,1
kamran azam ansari : i really love this,1
qiel lmao : the flips are cool,1
jonathan sudbury : what's the highest score?i got 79865,1
travis gang : i love snow and ice and jumping,1
tyler baldwin : coolest thing ever,1
eva danielova : the best!!!!!!,1
shock rocks : it's cool..,1
r wheatley : this is awsome!!!!,1
jamie baker : amazing game,1
brennan ramsey : great for those lonely nights,1
sarmad naeem naeem uddin : relaxing and stress finishing game,1
a google user : best game release stress,1
sean tardif : the best thing ever,1
a google user : fun to mess with,1
siji tenson : awesome game addicted,1
kavi arasu : awesome and super game,1
tiana yatim : it's a good game !!!!!!!!!!!,1
ashok sharma : loved it guys.....,1
magesh m : dramatic games ..loved it..,1
kitty girl : it the best game ever,1
vasanth devakumar : this is damn awesome and love it,1
yashwanth narra : good game to kill time,1
a google user : this is a good time to attack,1
eddy son : the game cant't download,1
a google user : nice and lovely game ? i love it ??,1
charlie baysinger : great time waster,1
filipe afonso : great game to kill time,1
nathan thomas : it is a fun mindless game,1
narek markosyan : ad crashes a game,1
a google user : soooooooooo opposition ok nice,1
ak : where is windows 10 mobile???,1
jxsh : awsome!,1
a google user : awsome!,1
arivukkarasan. t : its good game to play i n joyed it!!?,1
february five : when is the dessert themed alto?,1
a google user : not good and not bad,0
space pickles88 : amazing,1
shivansh ahuja : horrible.,1
md tanvir hassan bhuiyan : music is soulful,1
farzana elias papri : wow that's awesome,1
lakshya pratap singh : full of adventure.,1
sexy boy : incredible,1
daniel bass : yeah it's the best,1
abdulla khashabi : boring,1
abir hasan : boring .,1
xadreg tsl : faboulusly awesome.,1
nayemur rahman : it's really amazing,1
a google user : snowy gorgeousness.,1
krishna sachdeva : very nice.its great,1
nishant parakh : loved it !!,1
gabriel garcia : addictive!!!,1
harpreet singh : i want more games like this..,1
thomas barboza : asome game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
savannah zetino : fun game for when you are bored,1
jagdeep chand rajwar : awesome creation.,1
supreet kaur : outstanding game.,1
valentino valeriani : #adictive,1
berhanu feser : cool and amazing.,1
marshal 733 : outstanding game.,1
adrian villanueva : amazing graphics.,1
ted bennett : fun and relaxing.,1
rapeti akhil : i loved this game,1
bharti pandey : very-very excellent,1
rinku anupam bhadra : pleasant!!!,1
srividya u : loved it!!!,1
devon blignaut : loved it!!!,1
ankit kumar : loved it!!!,1
anirban : any doubt? play this..and clear your doubt..,1
panda lover : #awesome,1
samantha duncan : easy to. control,1
saadeed 16 : simply the best.,1
rishabh panwar : love this game,1
a google user : love this game .,1
shyam rathore : loved the music.,1
ishana : really awesome,1
seema layal : it's a good game,1
a google user : love this game,1
aditya hatyarkar : it's fabulous...!!!,1
tiger mate : cool gameplay.,1
leo mukesh : nice graphics.,1
vinamrita vikrant : it's fantastic,1
robert elmore : cool it's cool,1
santhosh s : relaxing game.,1
a google user : it's fantastic,1
itzdaytona : so beautiful,1
lucas vic : very relaxing.,1
sameer kumar : it's a awesome,1
a google user : it's nice game,1
a google user : its beautiful.,1
ragini singh : it's fantastic,1
hunter : it is a good,1
ken bergman : its really fun!!!!!!!,1
_mxudhxxn_ : the best of the best,1
a google user : love this game,1
bailee roberson : good game to waste time,1
akshay shirsath : beautifully designed.,1
edward cantwell : absolutely loved it.,1
khairul azmi : good graphics & song,1
samuel squire : simple and relaxing.,1
alok kant : nice game.its adventrous,1
thelastgamer vip : awesome that's it awesome,1
a google user : omg.what a beautiful game,1
rose : love this game.,1
ashween swain : nice graphics .,1
c.v.l. rema17 : calm and cool,1
justin : very addictive.,1
shisalong longkumer : very relaxing,1
007 hitman : relaxing music.,1
slither me tinders : love this lel,1
ghania : very relaxing,1
abhyudoy mazumder : great graphicssss !!!!!!!,1
neeraj sharma : it's a beauty,1
prayag gautam : pretty good,1
uma sankar panda : it's relaxing,1
anna kester : awsome game,1
chukwuemeka nnam : it's relaxing,1
rick sanchez : it's relaxing,1
a google user : it's the best,1
justine sanchez : it's very fun,1
praveen krishnamoorthy : always great.,1
suvomoy ghosh : everything is o,1
hamza moazzam : outstanding..i loved it,1
a google user : loved it.adicted to it.,1
aditya sahu : soundtrack is awesome.,1
rina : this is really awesom,1
harry s : snowy adventure? let's give it a try,1
a google user : .........................................,1
.........................................,1
......................................... i mean.. nothing more to say,1
anjesa rexhepi : in love with this game,1
umair khan : absolutely mesmorizing.,1
yashwin vyk : it's awesome,1
jerry cruz : it's awesome,1
ajmal huzair : it's awesome,1
i dont care : it's awesome,1
anurag roy : it's awesome,1
tech science : it's awesome,1
laura callaway : it's awesome,1
aakif mushtaq siddiqui : great game .,1
dishang jain : it's awesome,1
eric oliva : it's awesome,1
nathan god'swill : it's awesome,1
a google user : it's awesome,1
purnima sharma : it's awesome,1
satyajit barua : it's to good,1
ousso dmc : thats good,1
a google user : it's awesome,1
a google user : it's awesome,1
nero : nice it's ok,1
sujata pataskar : it's awesome,1
barbara dover : it's awesome,1
anuneet rock : it's awesome,1
baz dawson : it's cool as,1
a google user : it's awesome,1
danielle barugahare : it's awesome,1
a google user : it's awesome,1
a google user : it's awesome,1
hyperverse gaming : be graphics.really liked it,1
mexicanboyhallow 2005 : love it and it's creatively,1
kookie msp : love the game,1
isaiah powell : i'm ready to play?,1
shivani : amazing thanks callux,1
a google user : nice game.agreed with online,1
vesi gamer : awesome game.loved it to bits,1
ajay saha : great great and great.,1
a google user : it is cool,1
roy lane : it^s awsome,1
edward : cool rocks.,1
christopher abraham : it's pretty,1
a google user : great game.,1
unaif mohammed : great game.,1
a google user : it's awsome,1
crakson sike : great game.,1
jordie play's : great game.,1
raf 1 : great. game,1
somnath de : great one .,1
sollux captor : great game.,1
thuthuka khwezi : great game.,1
a google user : it is good.,1
a google user : it's awsome,1
hendrix delgado : it's active,1
mitchal green : really fun.,1
armando contreras : awesome and it is very good and it is very beast,1
vicente juan ruiz : amazing play it now right now,1
sarthak sharma : no words.....how much it is good?,1
marvin beveridge : best snowboarding game ever!!!!!!!,1
onii chan : it's great,1
bunny falane patil : sexy game.,1
munther shawa : its nice,1
paula sullivan : it's great,1
erro leroux : great art.,1
leo aritao : it's great,1
bilge rat : cool game.,1
a google user : it is fun.,1
panda perlind : it's great,1
kielviewingchannel : it's great,1
devyd : this game is so nice,1
rishi mohan : it is so so so so good,1
a google user : i love this game so much!!!!!!!!,1
ali siddiqui : no jump after 1st one... whas the matter?,1
abhinash tm : my favourite,1
queen rosez : everything about it is fantastic.,1
mir aadil : awesome graphics :),1
utkarsh koli : nice to play !!!!!!,1
alf : awesomeness!!!,1
jctajon silva : cool!!!,1
prashant deole : good but not good contoral,1
jacquelyn moody : awsome game!!!,1
matthew fuller : definitely recommend this game,1
zuala tvl : good look and nice play,1
manoj sonkar : awesome game i love this game,1
rea kay : spectacular game and a very beautiful game,1
everything is cool : nice but bore,1
samantha drum : love it so much so fun,1
mark norris : fun and also challenging sometimes,1
asad ali : nice graphics good game,1
minahil riaz : it is the best game ever,1
biachadnezzar nelco : its so great and so cool,1
litzy liera : it is good game,1
pranay kulshrestha : i love this game,1
arpita basu : very nice graphics and a nice story,1
mohammad ifraz : easy and very nice,1
rishi mishra : very good game download the game,1
a google user : this is great game best game,1
nona nonae : you are be happy you are have fun,1
kiran gayle : it is a superb game,1
mohamed suhaib : nice game of 2016,1
jeewan lal : very nice very good excellent,1
nagarajan m : suberb game the game is awesome,1
mahipal singh negi : i love this game,1
rupesh adapala : addictive and interesting game,1
yashas yashas : super super super awesome awsomr,1
benedick mortell : its a good game nice game,1
jason : nice graphics and fun,1
a google user : this game is very good game i like it,1
supriyo dam : awesome really really good game,1
siyabonga hopewell : the best just the best,1
a google user : nice game everyone playthis game,1
hamidur rahman hasan : i love this game,1
a google user : the best best game to play,1
a google user : i played it before and i liked it,1
a google user : really it is a very very nice game,1
a google user : very very very smart game,1
ma ri : it is very interesting interesting,1
da god of cookie : this is one word and that word is awesome,1
diamondstrike _ : alto is animated i love animated games,1
harlequin : was a great game,1
iqbal jadgal : nice game and my favourite game,1
joey earley : very fun and addicting,1
anshul rai : awesome game and very interesting,1
datman 2721 : good this game music in this game is the best,1
prabha inamdar : best way to unwind,1
sadiya thaseen : best game in adventure,1
ananthakrishnan ak : i loved to play this game,1
a google user : this game is a great weekend game,1
unais kavanoor : it was a adventurous game,1
sara jafari : so amazing and so relaxing really like it,1
celestialol : it's good,1
a google user : it's good,1
jee : it's good,1
antonio daniels : it's cool,1
aaron dalawampu : it's good,1
sean mutter : it's cool,1
a google user : it's cool,1
bhuwan bista : it's good,1
zaraso : it's good,1
imakx ph : thumbs-up,1
vicky rehal : it's good,1
pro gamer : it's cool,1
s1k rider : it's good,1
a google user : it's good,1
ardyn fahreza : it's cool,1
a google user : its nice.,1
colton fahey : it's cool,1
hello bro : it's best,1
mukesh kumar : it's nice,1
katrina tapaha : it's cool,1
kishun maurya : it's good,1
a google user : it's nice,1
ganesh bhutekar : it's good,1
the gaming malcolm : it's good,1
a google user : it's cool,1
julia madoll : it,1
dylan smith : it's good,1
itzmeeli xb : it's nice,1
blossomgirl facion : it's good,1
mario martinez : it's nice,1
wasim akthar : it's good,1
hari haran : it's nice,1
crazy vama : it's cool,1
keerthana s : it's good,1
a google user : it's nice,1
teresa esteban : it's good,1
brobs : it's best,1
balaji s : it's good,1
shashwat : adventurous game..,1
a google user : it's good,1
leon chipchase : it's good,1
a google user : it's good,1
harry hurley : it's good,1
ghost115 115 : it's cool,1
a google user : it's good,1
bullu bullu : it's good,1
p.j karthik mukundh. : the best.,1
christopher maxey : it's good,1
anish boss : it's good,1
jeevan paul : it's good,1
hugo turner dede : it's good,1
a google user : it's good,1
nitin rahinj : it's good,1
subham singha : it's good,1
a google user : it's cool,1
sheena noel : it's good,1
zeljko i. : great game ;),1
kiranchandra shetty : great game :),1
akb asish : sporty game..,1
joe wells : it's fun,1
a google user : it's lit,1
a google user : it's fun,1
a google user : it's fun,1
a google user : it's lit,1
tytwin 10 : it's lit,1
besnik kciku : great graphic :),1
ayto : it's fun,1
a google user : i loved it very much,1
raj kumar : a game to download,1
yashwin : pretty addictive,1
dayanand gawade : really nice :),1
a google user : beautiful graphics...,1
abdul qadeer samdani : wow!!!!!what a game!!!!!! i just loved it!!!!,1
lalit brahmbhatt : its good..,1
j jr loz : great game,1
joseph hermoso : its nice,1
a google user : i love this game,1
vaibhav bijlani : good graphics...,1
rizky : awsome games ...,1
a google user : awesome music...,1
tinku rai : very beautiful....,1
mandeep singh 268 b : awesome....love it,1
a google user : best from the rest.....,1
maria pamela garcia : its so so cool and fun,1
luis engallado : the design is really amazing and spectacular,1
sivakumar chellappa : so great extremely great,1
geeta bagadia : fantastic game ever play,1
md daniyal arshad : very good game this game is very nice,1
minnesota fan for life : the best addiction game ever,1
amit pradhan : good graphics....,1
gulfam ansari : nice graphics..,1
a google user : really superb..,1
sheryl lim : nice graphic :),1
zouhaib007 ayub : not bad at all? ;-),0
kem gabato : love this game,1
manchuria bordoloi : great timepass,1
rajarshi chowdhury : very relaxing,1
a google user : the best game ever made,1
anmol singh : awesome love it,1
a google user : really amazing,1
a google user : it is the best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
harshdeep singh : best and addictive....,1
a google user : simply superbbbbb......,1
shanmukha vardhan 3 blue : awsome game....,1
addy tan : really really.... niceeeeeeee,1
sunil sain : this is nice .....,1
a google user : cool and good game.........,1
a google user : its good...,1
marc gwee : cool,1
a google user : thats good..,1
rohan munda : loved it...,1
jason_ sythe da silva : it was great,1
ty.awesome2005 moon : its cool,1
mpume thamsanqa : cool,1
ar jun : what a peaceful game,1
emile bon : perfect.on.everything!,1
jahmarley leslie : great game,1
srinivasan kothandapani : i love this game,1
lalit kumar : what a wonderful game,1
a google user : this game is very good game and like it,1
cherish smiles : don't ask. just play.,1
amit odii : cool!!,1
alan s joy : this is a good game,1
mandeep rana : i love this game,1
rd gamer : cool!!!!,1
what is this : highscore is aroun 69k can you beat it?,1
a google user : boring,1
naveen jyoti : cool !!!,1
a google user : nice game i love this game,1
varun singh : great game!!!!!,1
sagor jhons : cool games,1
mahmud hasan kanon : sadness,1
deepak dhaka : awesome game play,1
nidasani : best of the best of the best.,1
manisha dutt : really amazing,1
lol gol : awsome!!!,1
a google user : i think that this game is the best,1
a google user : simplistic yet beautiful,1
a google user : relaxing!!!!!,1
robert : very chill game!,1
bt18civ071. aditya patel : adds are the problem,0
dee bittle : this...game...is...amazing,1
ranjith pottekkatt : awesome music,1
tanuj verma : best game when sad,1
a google user : this is my last last last game,0
mei mei : loved it!,1
vidya sadafule : great game.....,1
varalashmi yuvaraj : good sound effects,1
padmanabho banerjee : this game is a very good game,1
kuba s. : pretty but booooring,1
xaver pan : adventure? sorry.,1
mustafa saidie : better than limbo,1
a google user : it is fun!!!!!!!!!,1
a google user : i love it it s so much fun and so easy love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
zach : awsome!!!!,1
23haher154 : thus game is crazy cool. my brother loves it.,1
friendly user : clash of boards,1
a google user : it's good,1
a google user : it's good,1
sheetal rami : it's nice,1
prateek sapkota : really don't install this game #^_^##^_^##^_^#,1
jake paul : this game is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
radhika nannapraj : loner but good,1
joel a stanly : great graphics :),1
a google user : it's cool games,1
drake lamp : 9/10 times you can't even land a backflip. might as well go play subway surfers.,1
retro rehaan : good stunting game,1
yugal yadav : not that great,1
a google user : stress releasing,1
nevaeh alexander : super slow,1
jobbless monkey84 : im stuned by the graphics gameplay and soundefcts hour of play put on brocile and play,1
a google user : boring but good,1
a google user : good for boring time,1
liliana horna : i love the background and graphics.its so perfect,1
solanki ritik : the game was fabulas.,1
gurkirat vig : it was alright until it kept changing the time of day,1
a google user : worstvgame but adventure game,1
cyan sus : awsome!!!!!,1
gousul aalam biswas : not cool bro,1
kulluayuk koperqualuk : awesome but weird,1
chandra gupta : tho why its showing only 1download??,1
mazeeno urek : repeating?,1
yaboi bleach : why!!!!,1
a google user : its cool'igz,1
giovanni bustillos : it's lit,1
benjamin heim : best.game when high,1
killedhunter : its really fuuuun,1
whysoslimey : such a relax game.,1
random things : it's ez and butifl,1
owen martin : it's super adictive,1
taj : don't want to think,1
mahija k : super game really .,1
watermila n : bery great music,1
e.g boy lim : bring the lamb!,1
teezy thesh : phenomenal.,1
a google user : perfection,1
aaron mathes : perfection.,1
neon gaming : great game,1
b a d w o l f : love this.,1
kaviesha karunarathne : relaxing,1
a google user : it's great,1
dona : addictive.,1
john xavier : loving it.,1
supriyo mahata : loving it.,1
hamizah ramly : relaxing,1
sagnik bhowmick : relaxing,1
andoni gogo : addictive,1
anand krishna : graphics is terribly awesome,1
ty mccray : hash kino shiine flier mono,1
david lamma : ugly people?,1
ananthu nandu : its amazing......,1
divyanshu kumar : try it you will love it................,1
staxellion : repetitive and boring,1
a google user : dusty game,1
a google user : bad and waste,0
thatrottenotaku : it was boring to me,1
binish sah : really boring,1
komal bhanushali : hate a lot,1
ummay kulsum abbas : super boring,1
mohammed baghul : it is slow network,1
mohammed abbas : so boring,1
teddy knight : i hated it,1
joel c : poopy in mouthy,1
alpha gamma : rip off,1
jason lockard : slow going,1
rohit dalvi : yeah this is insane,1
a google user : so boring,1
shreekar vankineni : nothing interesting,1
a google user : not that good,1
ryan m : the beast,1
devil syanite : fall in love with it,1
ritaban das : its worthless,1
harsha vardhan : disliked the game,1
sunil kumar : new things,1
r a : worst game,1
deepali jain : nothing as peaceful as this,1
kinggreentg : too repetitive,1
ankit singh : loved this game,1
christopher nelson : flips are to slow,1
ujjwal kumar : it to slow,1
marella yaseskar vahni tejas : very frustrating,1
haydn marynuk : little boring,1
kartikey bist : very boring,1
christopher adams : boring,1
a google user : waste phone,1
a google user : waste app,1
sumit : worst control,0
hiral hiral : very difficult,1
luna : crashes,1
nitish patil : but to slow,1
arian valdivia : i hate this,1
jonas raickle : very boring,1
chiyan vikram : worst game,1
sudha seekoti : downloading slow,1
jt aguilar : hated i5,1
dhanu pepakayala : waste of time,1
keanu patty : to bored,1
a google user : nothing it is good,1
sniper prit : its waste,1
theankittnetic : little boring,1
lilak ram dhruw : boring dramatically,1
dumbest stick and heros : hi the beast,1
envy : needs cloud save.,1
mohd wasiq : very addictive game,1
a google user : such beautiful games,1
dimas sebastian : this game is relaxing,1
anime eternity : it is addictive and funny,1
izzati zailani : beautiful game and relax,1
green rider : is best game world,1
a google user : it is very marvellous,1
fathul ulum : love it so much,1
adeeb chand : awesome offline game,1
a google user : it was good i loved it,1
a google user : really fun and addictive,1
dasegowda gowda : i love this game,1
a google user : this game is awesome,1
a google user : very nice games,1
daisy singh : very nice game,1
suhag ahmed : good graphics game,1
kumar malar : very good to play,1
htx_13004life : good game to play,1
duryodhan das : guru of adventure games,1
freaky dodo : pretty nice game,1
shaveen adithya : i love this game,1
a google user : the best game,1
clark lois salazar : its cool play,1
elijah rivera : very cool and zen,1
vikash chandra : i love this game,1
ranjit moreshiya : one of the coolest game,1
elbert puckett : nice and relaxing game,1
rashed arnob : very nice games,1
a google user : very relaxing and calming,0
najiya methar : the best game,1
henry haney : cool little game,1
naveed khan : i love this game,1
a google user : i love this game,1
atit shah : great graphics intresting,1
a google user : it is nice game,1
hunter 1997 : very nice game,1
vanilla chai : very soothing and relaxing,1
a google user : very nice game,1
tanmay singh : good and interesting game,1
a google user : this game is awesome,1
sachin tiwari : brilliant relaxing game,1
a google user : it is a fun game,1
homie what : i liked the soothingness,1
baijnath bhagat : its a marvellous game,1
chuck norris : a lot of fun,1
swayam prakash rath : satisfied with all it has,1
arian sobhani : best game in the world,1
crazy creator's : best ofline game,1
ravi kumar : wow its amazing,1
a google user : this is a nice game,1
a google user : easy and interesting game,1
liya hanan : very nice game,1
a google user : very good excellent,1
reaperyt : this game is inspiration,1
savita chhabra : good time pass,1
izzat iskandar : i loved this games,1
marcus alexson : the game is awesome,1
a google user : good graphics and gameplay,1
a google user : a great game,1
joelle monique daily : the grapics are so good,1
a google user : very nice game,1
greensly 1 : this was a great experience,1
fatema bharmal : surely good game,1
a google user : its a good game,1
a google user : very creative,1
ashish saha : very very impressive,1
evyatar kedem : great relaxing game,1
ibrahim butt : smooth graphics,1
john kuffour : great graphics,1
minato namikaze : nice lovely game,1
ahmed fahim irfan : best of all,1
sunil sahu : so cool try this,1
manish : this game is amazing,1
rajeev mishra : magical and nice game,1
abhinav toppo : i really love it,1
manpreet kaur : great song and graphics,1
luz espinoza : this game is amazing,1
asit kumar minz : the game is nice,1
a google user : it ls cool,1
tantan iligan : good game and relaxing,1
eht fort : the best sound,1
warlord 4177 : hello its amazing,1
a google user : its a good game,1
mohammed ehsan : interesting and fun game,1
matthew duong : this game is amazing,1
kushagra abbi : very nice game,1
a google user : very nice and good,1
anmol yadav : this is awesomeness game,1
alan george johnson : very nice game,1
mohmmad ahmed : it is a good game,1
shalini verma : great game to play,1
ahmed : game that i always wanted,1
a google user : it is really cool,1
ambuj dev singh : i love the game,1
al mahfuz siddique : good and makeshain better,1
milan mandal : adventure is my faviourite,1
omkar ashokkumar bhangare : awesome graphics v,1
jerome lintua : creative,1
jupaka jayasree : love the graphics,1
a google user : love it great game,1
thisisforrachel dank : this is lit,1
a google user : nice game play,1
zim luke : a great snowboard game,1
hilmi shanavas : its great and relaxing,1
alen george : nice and relaxing music,1
a google user : the music is awesome,1
g1 clar : nice to be play in this game,1
a google user : it is very amazing,1
justin martin : its fun and addicting,1
a google user : marvelous and peaceful music,1
alex montoya : the graphics are amazing,1
a google user : its a cool game,1
shahed rahman : it is a nice game,1
a google user : i love this game,1
juan magdaleno : short replay value,1
jake harrison : great graphics and gameplay,1
a google user : this game is awesome,1
anshuman : best offline game,1
cube tutorial : very nice graphics,1
mohit kumar : i love this game,1
marwa mutasim : its a great game,1
a google user : sweet and amazing game,1
amisha jain : i find it soothing,1
deepti lakhera : this is good game,1
olyvier monteau : why a nice game,1
a google user : overall pretty good,1
homayoun aghaei : best of all,1
t tech : love this game,1
klyung l : great experience for play,1
naveen s : nice graphics and control,1
a google user : its pretty good,1
gokul guru : very nice game,1
blue 182 : beautifully made game,1
a google user : this game is cool,1
a google user : recommended,1
parkour kids : coolest game,1
dylan spence-anderson : so cool and awesome,1
a google user : my favourite game,1
infamous gamer : thanks mathis,1
anand anad : very nice game,1
active_bet2005 : the best ever,1
palguna chh : super game and simple,1
a google user : its an awesome game,1
a google user : it is fub and intresting,1
lamonte biggers : love it its fun,1
lilly swaroopa : pretty cool game,1
daniello arthesto daniello : cool,1
a google user : was very interesting,1
a google user : it is nice game,1
sayan saha : very nice game,1
a google user : this is the definition of fun,1
vihaan jain : amazingly peaceful and relaxing,1
sushant subba : love the games music,1
a google user : this game is to addictive,1
jaden alvarez : cool games,1
angel perez-gonzalez : very calm atm,1
ech : the best game,1
prasad shyam : fantastic intoxicating game,1
swag prime : on of the best games,1
a google user : this game is the best,1
debanand rajak : very attractive game,1
albert josiah hernandez : never tired of playing it,1
oscar castillo : i love this game,1
cj ninot a uy : awesome game and is wicked,1
enzo aguirre : i think great,1
rama mek : i love this game,1
friend ship : very soothing game,1
a google user : all round awesome,1
only fun videos : amazing app in the world,1
matthew simms : enjoying the game,1
righardt // xeno : very calm and addictive,1
a google user : such an a amazing game,1
luke morgan : i love the music,1
michelle king : is so relaxing,1
niqwa : love this so awesome,1
tushar suresh : as awesome game,1
dongchen xie : more features please,1
anuj kumar : melodious song love it,1
the boy jose : its cool and nice,1
bobby wit da tool : i love everything about it,1
a google user : amazing game of the year,1
dinesh singh : very nice game,1
amari dennis : is game is beautiful,1
raman chettri : is it the best,1
the clown : i love this game,1
ashutosh chaurasia & co. : i love to play it,1
rehmat fatema balsania : hi it is nice game,1
javier martinez : this is the best,1
mohammed ashif : graphics very nice,1
jahsir tanner : it is awesome thanks,1
kirthan kanchan : wow full of adventure,1
shagun deogharkar : what a game loved it,1
royalaj : very good game,1
a google user : its too good,1
a google user : this game is nice,1
xxxx dreadnot : calm and beautiful game,1
joe daly : calm backgrounds,1
idk : this is best for realxing,1
a google user : its good relaxing,1
a google user : it is kind of good,1
tracy miller : i love this game,1
sunita kumari : scenery is mind blowing,1
gokul sreekumar : its really attractive,1
a google user : i love this game,1
seven productions : this is amazing,1
mohamed yazid abdul rahim : its very fun,1
a google user : i enjoyed this game,1
walid azzaoui : what a beautiful game,1
malik khan : this is best game,1
mohammed mansoor muqeet : it is a great game,1
tushar chauhan : owsm game fabulous,1
a google user : it is best of all,1
a google user : beautiful and soothing experience,1
anonymous : its all good,1
killer man : i love this game,1
nataly rivera : it is super fun,1
mohd mujeeb : best game in the world,1
sanju rajan : its like a dream,1
hunter woolstenhulme : i think is good,1
deuce dredden : great game love it,1
kate you right it fake f : so relaxing loved it,1
nor nabila : georgian love it,1
rohit kshirsagar : the best game,1
sanjay patil : this cool game,1
charmaine b : awesome offline game,1
jyotirmayee sukula : very good graphics,1
a google user : really love it,1
jayanta alangbam : this game is beautiful,1
subhash singh : lt is a good game,1
daniel tyler : great and fun game,1
harshil mamgain : so smooth,1
a google user : very nice game,1
ananda sahu : in short it is best,1
chiagozem iheabunike : alto adventure is awesome,1
amirah mardhiah : i love this game,1
valerie : this game is amazing,1
mukul tekwani : very good graphics,1
a google user : very nice game,1
pink pearl : this game is the best,1
a google user : its nice game,1
ashik yaacob : relaxing cool,1
m g : very nice game,1
nitesh shrestha : really awesome game,1
levi pennington : this game is the best,1
jose sanchez : one of the best games,1
a google user : i love this game,1
aiden stalin : nice generally loved it,1
harshad vaviya : finally for android,1
shaheed mia : the game is great,1
robin bishnoi : good and really adventures,1
harry hawkins : was real lit,1
rene bannis : cool,1
a google user : the game is fun,1
n kaith : great graphics,1
channa keshav : very nice game,1
raj debnath : this is like a dream,1
a google user : this game is nice,1
baylen wright : the stunts are awesome,1
saniya jasuja : simple and easy game,1
anmol kaur : very nice game,1
a google user : very nice game,1
eveline harsono : smooth and good,1
obed laldawmsang : i love this app,1
aniketh sadak : awesome adventure,1
shaka deane : it is just great,1
3moor.r zz : very nice game,1
john utley : awesomeness of all awesome,1
amit varma : very addictive,1
a google user : i love the game,1
nanda manju kumar : this game is awesome,1
mark 107 : awsome and fun game,1
kingslayer : it is very creative,1
vanshita jain : i love this game,1
nish deshmukh : mind refreshing game,1
logamithiran007 logamithiran : i love this game,1
king kris : it cool and fun,1
hsameh mahmoud : very nice game,1
seeba mathew : it is very good game,1
jm sp : this game is awesome,1
captain jack sparrow : i love this game,1
a google user : very nice control,1
a google user : i love this game,1
a google user : this game is fun,1
bellville : this game is amazing,1
april earley : this game is cool,1
a google user : i love the game,1
a google user : i love this game,1
fire & ice : this game is amazing,1
a google user : this game is awesome,1
king alex#1 oreooo : i love this game,1
flick boi : good for tume pass,1
bryle kilantang : good graphics,1
oxen : relaxing,1
christel pongautan : because the,1
mohammed raheel : gameplay is phenomenal,1
bxdy swag : amazing powers of characters,1
akki roy : coolest game in the world,1
a google user : very good and rexing,1
naman malhotra : great relaxing game,1
jean vinel : very very fun,1
mailfreebird : good simple cool,1
thomas ward : i love the game,1
upendar singh : very good graphics,1
a google user : it is a nice apps,1
pc zzz : this game is awesome,1
bolt beast : i love this game,1
a google user : great game and graphics,1
kayla : perfectly simple and beautiful,1
shivam pundir : what a game amazing,1
reuben greenwood : bob ross loves it,1
anthony coleman : i love the game,1
susmita majumder : this is the best game,1
ethan irvin : good graphics,1
rikesh rokka : it is entertaining love itttt,1
vivek warjurkar : good graphics,1
deepak arora : very nice graphics,1
max : very beautiful game,1
a google user : very nice game,1
a google user : it is a best game,1
a google user : liked it very much,1
anne kiarie : this he is awesome,1
life,1
yudh : really impressive graphics,1
hio5 hio5 : i love this game,1
a google user : this is an awesome game,1
piyush singh : cool,1
abhi manyu : good time pass,1
staleponytailz : so addictive,1
amit gupta : i love this game,1
a google user : it is a good game,1
a google user : this is the best game,1
khagen ramchiary : its really relaxing,1
a google user : i love this game,1
a google user : i love this game,1
kill me : it is fun af,1
finly dragneel : it so nice game,1
hafeez ur rehman khan : really cute,1
a google user : very nice game,1
a google user : best game to chill,1
rishi k : addicting music,1
cezar hernandez : smooth gameplay,1
wyatt bosse : damn fine timewaster,1
sizwe moabi : epic but memorable,1
randy : is nice and fun,1
mason hillman : awesome to play,1
radityo natanael : mindblowing graphics tho,1
makenzie harnage : i love this game,1
black hart rowe : i think it awesome,1
a google user : best game in world,1
everyone fan number1 : i love this game,1
a google user : this game is awesome i like it,1
foxy korbon : this game is good,1
a google user : altos odessey is better,1
kapoor chand jangir : very nice games,1
nason inerjit : it seems great,1
baboothebaoon rtx : the game is amazing,1
c luke : really cool to play,1
a google user : i think this is awesome,1
yimei bo : its so good,1
corazon osil : dis game is cool,1
camille perry : awesome game the best,1
a google user : this game is the coolest,1
frutty wow : beautiful themed game,1
ohene sintim : its just awesome,1
xavier zavala : straight forward fun,1
madhav chilukuru : very good game,1
ali jaid ansari : very nice game,1
luke richardson : it is really fun,1
ankit tiwari : nice fabulous good,1
varun singh chauhan : awsm addictive game,1
tawanda jones : so fun and challenging,1
richard metcalfe : the best quality,1
certified trashcan : extremely beautiful game,1
a google user : really good graphics,1
eoin lonergan : i love this game,1
a google user : great game play,1
a google user : i love this game,1
tenzin dorji : nice game ever,1
kim king : super chill and relaxing,1
jatin sharma : very nice game,1
a google user : its a great game,1
soumya prakash sahoo : my favourite game,1
a google user : the game is good,1
mounika srinivas : best timepass,1
trickhead : bestest snowboarding game,1
yash phutak : i love this game,1
a google user : awesome game i loved it,1
a google user : i love this game,1
brianna gindrow : i love the game,1
ryan punsalang : very nice game,1
maaz habib : this is fun game,1
pooja thakur : this is a good game,1
a google user : very lovely game,1
kenrick singh : amazing graphics and calm,1
harshvardhan thakre : hmmm nice game,1
sajal suman birua : hmm nice one,1
aira syazwina : this is are best game,1
tara foster : its awesome and i love it,1
joshua deagrella : it the best game,1
irfan farihin : the game are the best,1
you tube : loving it,1
a google user : i love the graphics,1
a google user : nice one in,1
aj paras : noodlecake,1
swati kale : its simply awsome,1
gulshan kaim : nice control and graphics,1
nathan king : i love this game,1
krishnaraj t s : one of the best ever,1
seema vats : this game is fantastic,1
dhdx hxxhx : i love this is game,1
suraya nabi : best look and music,1
a google user : it is so fun,1
dayzha gambz : it is then best,1
rodger : its brtty good,1
mangesh ohol : i love this game,1
topher romero : very calming and beautiful,1
gabby colli : this game is awesome,1
anais torres : i love this game,1
jagadish rajampeta : very good graphics,1
omar faruq : just relaxing and awesome,1
senpai xd : i love this game,1
jose gutierrez : preety good game,1
vaigunth r a : it very fantastic,1
venkatesh gudivada : its a good game,1
vikas kumar : very intresting game,1
sale : nice and relaxing game,1
a google user : very nice game,1
geovanny castillo : it is so cool,1
rock : i love the game,1
im just a man im just a guy : this game is romantic,1
naruto : add more features,1
aashish tripathi : best game on playstore,1
izaq fontana : preeeetttyyyy cool game,1
sonu kumar 002 : i love this game,1
denise hall : addicting as hell,1
lakisha mcquany : so peaceful to play,1
logan e : it was so cool,1
umme ayesha : it is very amazing,1
andy firecharger : nice graphics,1
a google user : it is a nice game,1
a google user : its sorduv cool,1
ved sawlani : intresting game,1
noelani wheaton : so addicting and fun,1
giovanni garcia : coon game,1
a google user : good offline game,1
vibes 254 : best one yet,1
lancealot houston : awesomeness great graphics,1
bilal khan : very nice game,1
jhason sanchez : challenging but fun,1
iron man : awesome adventure game,1
rupesh pujare : i love this game,1
zaghar : the best ever,1
aurmsi : its so fun,1
c.r. kuppusamy : best game in the world,1
goblin : superb love this game,1
nanipalli srinivas : really cool game,1
aryan raj : one of the fabulous game,1
harjit singh : it is fantastic,1
a google user : i love graphics,1
calthropus : very relaxing game,1
sanjaya senarathna : high quality graphics,1
deva narayanan : you are great abhinand,1
john : that is it,1
scs020 - hadkar avdhut : i love this game,1
a google user : good interesting to play,1
timez unknown : fun even on offline,1
tott tott : i love this game,1
onkar thete : the amazing game,1
kamilio saad : its very fantastic,1
a google user : very nice game,1
abdul bara : nice graphics,1
ravi yadav yadav8866 : i love this game,1
a google user : i love the game,1
a google user : i think it is awesome,1
aswin : nice and elegant graphics,1
gadiyar vaibhavi : amazing game loved it,1
a google user : i love the game,1
a google user : it is really fun,1
sgt.ketchup : it is a awesome game,1
paula larkin : i love this game,1
veena narasimha : nice gaming experience,1
jeevan singh : i love the game,1
a google user : it is very interesting,1
a google user : this game is cool,1
raviteja nagapatla : simply superbbb game,1
jocelyn williams : good graphics and game,1
kk tan : highly recommended to play,1
a google user : this is a nice game,1
a google user : what a nice game,1
a google user : nice bg music,1
a google user : awsome as hell,1
boil bkrv : great graphics and gameplay,1
a google user : easy addictive,1
rishav sharma : best game of the year,1
a google user : this game is awesome,1
a google user : always loved this game,1
kameron cook : really pretty and fun,1
austin burrell : the game was amazing,1
itz_ andrew : realy asome,1
shaurya vats : im in luv with this game,1
a google user : very relaxing game,1
ashlyn gee : hi this is a good app,1
abdul razak zaiden : i love this game,1
ramesh sannegowda : smooth soothing experience,1
ricky : good snowboarding game,1
kaka mahesh : smooth game is nice,1
farzana begum : it is a good game,1
uddin pad : love this game,1
kamo shopho : i love this game,1
a google user : very good game,1
vaishnav : very nice game,1
a google user : its a nice game,1
miles overbey : this game is cool,1
caleb oden : freaking awesome game,1
a google user : it is a adventure game,1
a google user : i love this game,1
a google user : i love this game,1
mihir gawaikar : loved it,1
hassan khan : very good music,1
himanshu shukla : beautiful graphics,1
gabriel arcebuche : very relaxing,1
gil : i love this game,1
davester : love the concept,1
sharan r : well done for f2p,1
a google user : really a passionate game,1
yess ass : it was great,1
brandy noriega : i love the music,1
ken dunn : cool,1
a google user : it as great graphics,1
rohan patel : really good graphics,1
ichal kecil : very nice graphic,1
sakthi senthil : i love this games,1
fireluigi studios : awesome game to play,1
anshuman singh : good editor choice,1
sohan sanjay : very nice game,1
a google user : this is the best game,1
vivek prasad : great music play,1
yuva vanama : superb and cool game,1
jena bhagvat : nice in one word,1
mchllscrln : really love this game,1
j. refah : amazing graphics,1
a google user : its good and peacefull,1
a google user : asowme gameplay superb,1
seth : this is thw best game,1
nishant rai : nice soothing game,1
amr tantawii : exactly what i needed,1
taher thr : best game to relaxation,1
harshit sharma : its my favourite,1
vishal thakur : loved it so much,1
culvin charles : love this game awesome,1
a google user : it is so cool,1
shiv joshi : shiv is game loved it,1
hitesh solanki : i love this game,1
subhodeep : awesome game in the world,1
brother araneta : the app is nice,1
technical bots hacks : a good app,1
saurav kumar gupta : i love the game,1
nibir abir : best gaming experience,1
kasia musialik : i love this game,1
neetesh bhatnagar : gorgeous addictive and relaxing,1
a google user : absolutely great grafics,1
sami is me : it was very interesting,1
a google user : greater tome use,1
paritosh gupta : great game addictive,1
akash chatra : greatest game in playstore,1
robert sierra : great game i loved it,1
elad cohen : fun and intuitive,1
sahil lotliker : i love this game to much,1
ifeanyi amize : impressive on all grounds,1
r. jain : really nice and peaceful,1
a google user : i love the game,1
vikas : best game to play,1
a google user : woah this is insanely fun,1
a google user : worlds best game,1
tom anderson : fancy whoosh,1
tamanna habeebte : love the calm music,1
rishi raj : very nice game,1
kolhapur hackers : nice one game,1
nitesh kumar : wow very attractive,1
seema lokur : it is awsome,1
a google user : this is an amazing game,1
boogieklik : great game,1
aqsam chaudhary : i love this game,1
rahul somani : its an awesome game,1
kamal iit chemistry kamal iit chemistry : nice relaxing game,1
a google user : very good and peace,1
divyanshu shekhar : wonderful game loved it,1
kat : amazeballs it so cool,1
donald jewell : i love this game,1
afaq sherwani2012 : i love this game,1
david unay : i love the game,1
mukesh bathani : the story is awesome,1
a google user : it is good game,1
evan park_ : this game is awesome,1
a google user : totally awesome,1
a google user : very beautiful game,1
kumar bhivgade : cool,1
a google user : it is very fantastic,1
okhifo kelvin : really cool game,1
varsha mehta : i liked this game,1
a google user : great game tbh,1
void x : best game of the year,1
shivam sharma : good for time pass,1
tushar verma : really nice game,1
ayesha shahzad : this is a good game,1
a google user : it was pretty cool,1
nazmul haque : i love this game,1
a google user : idk its cool,1
rami bsikri : ixncvzf cooooool,1
hendrawan s : very challenging,1
qui lan yong : the best lol,1
jass kaur : very nice graphics,1
ananya kishore : so calm and serene,1
vipin pandya : very nice game,1
g kurnia : this game is fun,1
emerson h. : especially the music,1
terrell king : i love this game,1
jesse letner : i love this game,1
christopher russell : i love this game,1
tapas polireddi : flight in air,1
wild western cowboy : the best graphics,1
rajwinder singh : it is very good game,1
a google user : i think that it is good,1
mary wallace : lots of action,1
david kang : amazing graphics,1
brett godfrey : the game is great,1
naved ali : good not that bad,1
matija juranovic : waiting for more upgrades,1
katriona guthrie-honea : as above,1
laddu siriya : best game love it,1
woif counsei : music is so awesome,1
derek idk : i love this game,1
nagavarapu kv sai srinivas : very nice experience,1
janamejay singh : good for time pass,1
yashraj dam : great game,1
gurwinder singh : this game is awesome,1
abyaz gamer : this game cool,1
a google user : this game is beautiful,1
danish atwal : very good app,1
harsh patil : really nice game,1
priti tripathi : it is nice game,1
a google user : cool timepass game,1
nessa begaye : i think this game is awesome,1
a google user : this is a cool game,1
jj the great : so cool to play,1
a google user : perfect time killer,1
zenoof : such a beautiful game,1
juanuel suarez : this game is the best,1
yoswa prasetya : good games everrrr,1
a google user : very good app,1
a google user : i love this game,1
yazeed flear : it is really nice,1
dave dornsbach : it is an awesome game,1
gaurav shrestha : great game addictive,1
omprakash : nice game cool,1
a google user : this game is intresting,1
a google user : best game in this earth,1
meg : very cool and awesome,1
nitu patil : its really nice,1
. : such a nice game,1
nur hafriz : the best game ever,1
fernando kafati : its really good,1
yohan lobo : background sound is nice,1
show gaming : very nice game,1
daniel r : challenging but addicting,1
gamer knight 100 : the game is great,1
yamuna poudel : very nice game,1
itzjust_nic _ : so freaking relaxing,1
l0rd_alkanphel twitch : great game,1
salsabil mazumder : graphics is very impressive,1
anil ak : incredible,1
lord beerus : awesomeness at its best,1
subash pyakurel : very nice andcool,1
a google user : amazing work team,1
a google user : nice picture to game,1
dean sally : love this game,1
harshit ralhan : lovely full of love,1
absolute unit : very smooth graphics,1
si media : this game is amazing,1
harsh bhatia : this is a awesome game,1
colline ade : a great game,1
rumit bodhe : i love this game,1
kartikey gawthe 21msac9 : garphics is prity nice,1
jake lewandowski : peace among you,1
veena agarwal : this game is awesome,1
a google user : really good,1
govind jadhav : thanks,1
narendra singh sengar : very nice game,1
saikat rahman : music is just awesome,1
phil : it is a good game,1
narendra jain : great game,1
koala bear:3 : love graphics,1
nhlamulo nkuna : love it love this game,1
a google user : it was a cool cool game,1
sabbia guy : love it good grafics,1
abha sahai : loved the graphics,1
max johnson : love this game,1
a google user : nicw game this game was relaxing,1
a google user : nice game and cute game,1
a google user : very very interesting game,1
google nexus 6p : very nice game,1
caleb karanja : the title,1
rao manish : i love it game beca,1
joe torres : cool asf,1
abhi saberwal : loved the game,1
jonathan wilson : good and fun to play,1
divyansh kumar : graphics are unbelievable,1
hritik asati : very nice game,1
suresh panchal : good graphics,1
whitley waters : this game is a fun game,1
grog neck : relaxing.,1
marjan maharoof : relaxing.,1
narayana reddy vakamalla : it's nice,1
a google user : it's good,1
anubhav : loved it.,1
just gading : relaxing.,1
souvik dey : relaxing.,1
joseph smith : loved it.,1
nikko frattarelli : relaxing.,1
talsync : loved it.,1
dyot tripathi : relaxing,1
connor irv. : it's lit,1
abdullah hasib : hmm.not bad.fine,1
rentedhuman : add customization things,1
a google user : perfect game?,1
jerry l : cool.,1
angela harris : cool.,1
ali ahmed milon : best.nice.,1
pawneedeb : game won't start,1
minimech 1123 : it was aight.,1
c t : a lot of skiing.,1
eddy : awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
hitendra mishra : relaxing nd soothing,1
archangel : ads? no thanks. uninstalled!,1
arijit baidya : it's""" very """"good :-),1
sayan dx : cool ;),1
a google user : best game ever worth it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
sugandha kumar : are you people bribed to rate it five stars???,1
a google user : loved it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
cyrus wang : it iz awesome,1
a google user : i love this game i love this game,1
wasim shahnawaz : very good game,1
joseph green : its awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
a google user : very very very nice game,1
sandra dotson : its so so so awesome,1
berry pratama : whats new on the updates?,1
joe potter : really cool game loved it,1
prashant hooda : rate this app...,1
genard nonesa : cool,1
uswatun hasanah : cool..,1
jayasaran s : too small to play :(,1
vishwajeet singh : it's really ausome.,1
a google user : relaxing .....,1
allaudin ansari : is this game is offline?,1
daksh shinde : relaxing,1
lavesh rampurkar : hate hate hate,1
jessfinesse : i did this bc i was bored happy?,1
mushtaba azizi : art is a explosion,1
a google user : ~the best ~,1
sudeepta banerjee : this game sucks to the core,1
rosy rose : i played it in argos and was hooked,1
the duck on some quack : this game and one of the worts,1
a google user : it is everything u need,1
yadhu philip : make off line games,1
devonta smith : see the new w,1
a google user : tell us what you think,1
legend marz : with a if katli and a massi dadly,1
vivek singh : this game is mind freshner,1
shabber vasan : red cross country,1
dimitris villiotis : chill game to play when board,1
jake kelly : ch vgghvhu encyclical the,1
mks kalaiyarasan : i like it its therii,1
ashit jhingan : bst graphics remembrance of something,1
rendy awanda s. : please add more backsound,1
mohd khan : 1 of da bst game,1
a google user : i think this game is adventures,1
jaya praveen : otha thevidiya mathiri erruku,1
z-9 -sypher : i think it can be intence,1
ayhem sellami : i relax when playin the gam,1
jean roman : dope game to play,1
aldrin mateo : this game was addicting,1
mystical_wispy : overall its an adicting game,1
jahaan vasaya : my brother tell me for this a,1
krishna sahoo : please release alto odyssey,1
gamer 3507 : i lo ve this gane,1
adrian estrada : its a really addicting game,1
arijit paul : everyone should play this game,1
a google user : make so it controls easeir,0
chirag singla : very very sucker game,1
marble w : i want the link to the youtube,1
a google user : i think it is open world,1
pankaj dhar dubey : awosem game i played,1
m gull khan : i like this type of game,1
gygantis gaming : moose and the flying ink machine,1
kaustubh chaugule : tell us what you think,1
a google user : it really grows on you,1
idk anything : this game is awesime,1
savita singh : this is the game of my,1
thug live : i like its graphics,1
dani : the grafics and phisics are asome,1
chong lik yuen : cant even open the game,1
adarsh kumar : background is related to background music,1
jec71 moto : takes so long to download,1
a google user : thank you editor choice,1
charlene wanjiku : who could ask for more,1
jet hopkins : this game sucks,1
patrick john peralta : should have more characters,1
a google user : it is a time passing game,1
edward meador : wowdid not see that,1
kash sierra : aldo rules of all lamas,1
yash meena : i like music of this game,1
gemma record : takes long to install,1
scrudmaster17 kotz : i play the game a lot,1
a google user : this game is ur mum fat,1
varsha rani : it is a very gud game,1
a google user : all should take this game,1
timothy cox : a blast of a game to play,1
gtasa gtasa : how can i play in multiplayer,1
itzmejim - : plss ad an new places,1
gulab pal : it is an awesom game,1
ravinder kumar : this is a super additive game,1
kailash nath : i have never played this,1
a google user : omg download thus app,1
a google user : every people try this game,1
a google user : thanks noodle cake studios,1
christian james raquion : set standards on what a game should be,1
namrata agrawal : asom this game is full of adventures,1
charlie hiron : well its a game,1
a google user : its super but the controls,0
suma .r. kampli : this game neds1percent of improvement,1
a google user : i like his graphics,1
a google user : i think that us advance,1
a google user : i like this game and it is epic,1
muhammad danish danial : the bezt game eva,1
a google user : super game in my mobile,1
bano franklen : incridible and hardest game ever,1
apurv gupta : control and game to more updates,1
neel parekh : yo this game is op,1
a google user : this game is so addictave,1
raditya nugraha : i like the graphic,1
vinod jagota : cool ...,1
citronebob : great graphics and fvx,1
ramu allu : it's awesome,1
carina tapia : relaxing and great graphics,1
arunabh singh : too good for relaxing,1
da lol train bra : litty 10/10 game,1
andd tyoo : its an art,1
colin kuruvilla : nyc graphics..,1
a google user : make the both games linked ..when we swipe right on home screen another,1
game should start ...it only gives link to the play store,1
padmasri s : simply it,1
scardome 0 : very cool and relaxing,1
surendra sinha : good game play,1
eskil xhebro : great graphics,1
hiralal mandal : the best game,1
ankit ghosh : very good game,1
jeff kristoffer : this is perfect,1
himun trehan : great graphics and music,1
baikam dajel : awesome game play,1
griffith barton : great gameplay and graphics,1
shehin faisal : great graphics,1
wolayat quadry : its so relaxing,1
sangeetha iyer : i love the music,1
danielle carradorini : it is fun and relaxing,1
evi dedja : great graphics,1
adrian casero : watafuk is a claw game?,1
mantra dewata : can u make run game like this?,1
bardia yaghoobi : i dont play it,1
reaper gaming : awesome gameplay,1
kyriakos sal : great music,1
eat your cereal : very relaxing,1
bo hernandez : great graphics,1
aditya bhadoriya : great graphics,1
kvenkat sai : simple and nice,1
johnny zoom 7 and the noise keepers : great game,1
amber wells : fantastic and relaxing,1
fahad bin saleem : for the peaceful gaming,1
taylor zoll : great gameplay,1
a google user : very cool,1
joseph rich : relaxing music,1
shanta alexander : cool music,1
mf mahfuz : nice graphic,1
aysha shahasan aadhl : thanks for all,1
a google user : thats amazing,1
royman borges : pretty good,1
zyad ashraf : best graphics,1
prashan pramuditha : its awosome,1
ram krishna awale : ithinkthelastfewminuteswalkfromtheuk.ihavebeenawhile.howtogetthebestwaytogetthebestwaytogetthebestwayforustodoit.ihavebeenawhile.ihavebeenawhile.56556theuk.ihavebeen,1
amir mn : its god :|,1
rafti rahman : them graphics,1
teh mi : is there any cloud save feature?,1
kevingameingchannel 2 : i'm downloading it,1
sheetal jain : richfield's turkey,1
eric owusu-gyan : in my alltime greats,1
piyush agrahari : woo this game verygood,1
ajay bisht : my favrout game,1
nivedita sharma : woosh what a heck of a game,1
frankie kistner : did not play it,1
a google user : you upgrade this game,1
washim ali : this game is awasome,1
aziz ben hafsia : it s awsomee,1
k.r. joshi : this game sucks,1
moreshwar thorave : the game of gamerz,1
noah kenworthy : thank you for making it,1
a google user : his name is prathameah,1
theone xxkingdenomationxx : the first time,1
bananaplaysps4 :p : chillest game of the year,1
a google user : thanks for this game,1
a google user : its should havepatiecence,1
rahil khan : its just awasome,1
a google user : so funny app,1
sonu choudhary : this game is awosome,1
awsome gangster : the graphics tho,1
sanchit acharya : not played yet,1
srinivasu pusala : super game in world,1
kavisha perera : its not downloading,1
avinash : game its ok,1
can of beans : just epically epic,1
chaitanya kumar : its very super,1
tj knowledge : super game and action,1
kennedy mwangi : this is a legit game,1
rakesh taletiya : it is called a game,1
sagar patil : poor editor choice,1
aaila rasool : i installed it once,1
angel cervantes : download this dam game,1
thanish vamsi : a marvel of gaming,1
gatosland : i like this company,1
ayush mahajan : not enough by neess,1
joachim o'driscoll : needs a bit more,1
i like turtles : its alright,1
a google user : ist coll the beste,1
mishal a : no ads please,1
a google user : just install it already,0
lone len : one of fav games,1
anthony loguercio : as fuhhh,1
golok biswas : very thank you,1
tarena baxin : this is so gay,1
a google user : wow suuperool game,1
avlakos : takes ages to download,1
ashok lamba : thik thik hai,1
vijay pandya : bakvas game in the world,1
jashwanth 245 : cherry,1
a google user : this game is ausnm,1
i play with kermit the frog : thanks for making this game,1
imran raffique : it is more than that,1
arbaz khan : need to use mind,1
krishanpal singh ranawat : say thank for me,1
saicharan udayagiri : not up to the level,1
a google user : this game is a savage,1
anil kumar chinna : no finished yet,1
haitham mos : youssif haitham mostafa,1
amritansh dubey : similar to istunt 2,1
a google user : super speceas app,1
karthik raj : its a apple game,1
shadakshari p.h : super game in world,1
satwinder kaur : it is very hard,1
jainesh raju : this game is awesone,1
a google user : i relax when playing,1
muhammet fatih polat : just play and relax,1
divya sree : its super to play,1
a google user : the graphics are febulaus,1
sara dominguez : its me,1
monisha behary : i like the view of the games,1
kushagra sharma 19 : father of all game,1
abhilash dasari : makes up the mood,1
a google user : whoa massively addictevely,1
annette george : add more locations,1
harish kumar : please update it,1
latinos are sexy af ugh : this game calms,1
mohammed sameer : make mutiplayet race,1
a google user : this game i lovw it,1
yash agarwal : very aadictive game,1
tushar chauhan : o it is awesom,1
shubham patrekar : this game is at the,1
a google user : i look this game,1
damian neal : its alright,1
aayush gamer : less r.a.m.takeing game,1
tony foster : its on android,1
el brian : its alright,1
volodymyr hamotskyi : i think yes,1
a google user : noodle cake is back at it,1
petit traz : infinite relax snowboarding,1
rohit garg : game of the year 2016,1
appalanaidu 61174 : nise graphic and control,1
amit khanna : add something new in it,1
muhammad hamid : super wicked bruh,1
mazharul islam : mind freshing game,1
a google user : update new places,1
a google user : it is the way of the game,1
samuel carvajal : it was an epic experience,1
andrew crandall : i think it is dope,1
venu karthik : some what like a game,1
a google user : it is not downloading,1
magic. com : this game suks,1
a google user : a short review,1
a google user : very nnyc gamee,1
nur chulis : add monster please,1
satyam singh : felt a special connection,1
a google user : i am fond of this,1
a google user : super game in the world,1
jennifer gunter : watch out for the rock,1
a google user : this game is amazingl,1
danish iman iman : this game is funny,1
saran bhatta : i cant download it,1
focus point photographs : pls wait,1
naw htwe : this game sucks,1
a google user : its really explosive,1
a google user : everything i want in a gqme,1
jayden dent : its about snow boarding,1
a google user : bestgame iever played,1
m k : the game is super,1
a google user : it sucks dick,0
a google user : it sucks six,0
mareemootoo ozen : need more world,1
geeta dubey : just a freaking game,1
tony : for real tyms,1
ibrahim chaudhary : this game nic,1
itscrytios : make it free on apple,1
prithwish ghosh : a new concept,1
black panther : not played yet,1
vishalkumar vakil : going sleeping nowhere,1
20-384 fonza farzanna : i dont think anything!!!,1
vishnu raj : not even loading on my zenfone?,1
a google user : boring,1
a google user : hated it,1
manish agarwal : it needs a story mode huh noodlecake?,1
a google user : cool,1
andre claassen : cool,1
nyanu sylvian : top,1
sridhar v : boring,1
a google user : great game,1
ravichandiran m : great graphics,1
noor mohamed : beautifully crafted,1
anuj kumar : very peaceful,1
zhrek_ : its awsome,1
a google user : great game,1
aydin ries : great game,1
letsplay life : it great,1
a google user : relaxing music,1
xd ivan : bless you,1
zebastian ballen : love this game,1
a google user : its good,1
a google user : dreamy world,1
a google user : easy to play,1
a google user : this game is the best,1
ashutosh singh : really soothing,1
amod sheth : addictive game,1
vikas ks : mind blowing,1
bagus heryoko : very relaxing,1
youssef elouafi : simply beautiful,1
vincent vargas : it is fun,1
skeleton arca : pretty awesome,1
a google user : cool beans,1
norbu rinchen : mind blowing,1
mohamed daby : simply perfect,1
a google user : good graphic,1
zulfikar surjo : good app,1
the trash bag : so awsome,1
lonneka charles : it is great,1
amauree peguero : very addictive,1
rahul miyatra : best graphics,1
a google user : it is fun,1
martin richie rodriguez : its cool,1
seymur quliyev : great game,1
t 81 : absolutely loved it,1
claudia c. : great game,1
a google user : the best,1
harman singh 04 : this is very intersting,1
a google user : great game,1
swag se sikho : its good,1
yogesh kumar : great scenery,1
a google user : great game,1
batjargal : great graphics,1
kick ass : love the music,1
prafulla bane : nice sound,1
a google user : the best game,1
aryan kale : love this game,1
a google user : its cool,1
a google user : good in raphips,1
eliza viljoen : great game,1
paco mendoza : the best,1
a google user : great music,1
gautam bajaj : very addictive,1
seema sharma : best graphics,1
noore rishan : awesome graphics,1
a google user : nice graphics,1
njeru jack : really cool,1
masika sebele : its fine,1
mr. s : awsome game,1
coraline glover : really good,1
akash verma : best music,1
a google user : good games on it,1
the verge sky : cool game,1
alishea afsa : very addictive,1
a google user : simply superb,1
mykola prokopchuk : really fun,1
a google user : great game,1
shoaib's vault : totally awesome,1
aditya pandit : mind blowing,1
ian mindreau : fun and beautiful,1
eagle feather : good graphics,1
lazy lemons fb : amazing graphics,1
a google user : i love this,1
erick martinez : it was fun,1
a google user : it was cool,1
ari p : great game,1
rajpreet singh : better that best,1
himanshu sharma : cool game,1
george jose : good graphics,1
vandana meshram : great game,1
derick sanchez : great game,1
jatin kumar : fast and furioa,1
krazy boiii : its good,1
a google user : cool sik,1
emrul quaes : very addictive,1
dorell elkins : it is cool,1
ashiii : great game,1
cellaa : really fun,1
felipe : amazing graphics,1
a google user : great game,1
charlie specht : its good,1
basim shukry : great game,1
souvik bhattacharya acoustic : very relaxing,1
a google user : its good,1
naithaneal webshet : cool game,1
a google user : love this game,1
a google user : hottest geam,1
dark : great graphics,1
sydul islam : great game,1
a google user : simple and nice,1
y b tarun : preety exciting,1
josh phil : great game,1
levani kvachantiradze : the best,1
endrit shabani : the best,1
a google user : awsome game,1
a google user : it was fun,1
hydroplastic : beautiful graphics,1
anmol jain : very relaxing,1
abhayjyoti nath : wonderful gameplay,1
logan lee : it is cool,1
el frijolero : addictive game,1
a google user : great game,1
moon k chetry : great game,1
punk : awsome and delightful,1
abdel moustajab : great game,1
ra dha : great game,1
dark prince : very relaxing,1
harsh jha : good controls,1
a_rainbowz gaming : great game,1
a google user : very cool,1
meiyappan periyakaruppan : nice to play,1
ghii ann : great game,1
abhinav : nice gameplay,1
hema bp : very relaxing,1
surya prakash : relaxing musix,1
imagiman : really calming,1
yahye zanyare : great app,1
markos halaq : great graphics,1
shannen mae del rosario : addictive game,1
beya seghaier : its good,1
sunil chakole : great game,1
keane emmanuel : the best,1
nevroruler9 : this is awesome,1
swarali tawde : awesome gameplay,1
a google user : lit asf,1
smit gohel : great game,1
pichaimuthu pichaimuthu : fast go,1
a google user : great game,1
smilla oden : great game,1
dylan lloyd : it is so cool,1
vineet shirke : this is best game,1
a google user : its great,1
khutso kutumela : its relaxing,1
myriam medina : the best,1
bharat barve : soothing game,1
mindi hartley : its lit,1
sameer rath : mind blowing,1
patricia wilson : great app,1
potaytoo the human : very relaxing,1
yagami light : awesome as clint,1
a google user : very relaxing,1
isah suleiman : amazing graphics,1
parul hudiyal : awsome game,1
mirza asgar : good graphichs,1
kumar surender : best outfit,1
a google user : great games,1
a google user : love the graphics,1
craig ferguson : the best,1
jees jr : great graphics,1
adam giovia jr : great and beautiful,1
a google user : simply enjoy it,1
jeruzeial 17 : music is lovely,1
gauri sankar ab : good graphics,1
a google user : pleasurable game,1
pallavi jayaprakash : great game,1
jewel : good and better,1
a google user : this is the be best,1
cir3lo : its lit,1
jzylin : cool game,1
a google user : really awesome,1
mustakim kabir ratno : best of the game,1
shikha garg : this is best,1
nope dont watch : great game,1
romulus : very beautiful,1
a google user : nice graphics,1
maskyco : awsome game,1
john gavia : amazing from a youtuber,1
kendrick : this is the best,1
cooper g : cool game,1
saeed jafari : simply wonderful,1
daquon cheadle : this is awesome,1
rahul singh : pretty good,1
alisha shibu : smooth music,1
abhijit mazumder : great game,1
shivam engle : good sound,1
rob : very cool,1
bobby teal 4 : awesome and fun,1
clark juguilon : the best,1
a google user : this is a good game,1
debra hart : loved it,1
amartya hazra : good graphics,1
a google user : very interesting,1
lok babu : perfect game,1
rupesh vanju : good graphics,1
jio : its good,1
a google user : very relaxing,1
james ingram : great game,1
a google user : best timepass,1
a google user : great graphics,1
jithesh joseph : nice graphics,1
thabo skosana : witness the funk,1
a google user : its cool,1
jahir khan : great graphics,1
rohan r : awsome loved it,1
a google user : it is a great,1
joshua rivers : awesome graphics,1
daniel pallwitz : great game,1
lawrence oliver : great game,1
baishnabi nayak : nice looking,1
home connect : great graphics,1
a google user : its great,1
a google user : fun tho,1
a google user : it was the best,1
jailin willis : great game,1
madan gopal g : outstanding game,1
the guerrero's : good graphics,1
drakpa gyeltshen : the best,1
md rafi uz zaman : very relaxing,1
isaiahmurillo : great game,1
subhojit barman : lovely gameeeee,1
kaushal kumar gupta : great game,1
sophia b : great game,1
titus tysinger : great app,1
a google user : sexy app,1
brayden day : great game,1
bossvic channel : this is the best game,1
jamie portillo : great game,1
trevont lloyd : love this game,1
a google user : this is a cool game,1
rk rohith : great game,1
shane trfon : nice graphics,1
joshua robinson : great game,1
labron dennison arahanga : its cool,1
a google user : great game,1
ahmed .i : really fun,1
anurag appu : veary good,1
random : boom great,1
a google user : addictive and realistic,1
rehoboth the studio : great gameplay,1
wicho winklaar : is great,1
amar soliman : amazin graphics,1
a google user : it is the best,1
mike fennimore : addictive and fun,1
jihadul islam : great app,1
jashandeep singh : awsome game,1
a google user : best of game,1
arya akash : beautiful and cool,1
p srikanth : thank u,1
a google user : this is fabulous,1
rishabh singh : awesome love it,1
a google user : great game,1
adrian andre : speed increase,1
a google user : incredible game,1
aniruddh srivastava : great game,1
a google user : great game,1
alex thao : its great,1
mr. lonely : its good,1
game x : its good,1
edward kenway : great game,1
shawanna jackson : love the controls,1
meytialatab5885 alatab : thanks again,1
anurag rai : cool game,1
josh hollywood : lots of fun,1
a google user : its awsome,1
manoj singh yadav : great graphics,1
canton jordan : its relaxing,1
kodie corpuz : good graphic,1
carla monroe : the best,1
a google user : it is fun as,1
taman bhatti : great graphics,1
a google user : great game,1
maslingga suryantara : its good,1
elyakim nathan orizaga : awesome afictive,1
paravej paravej : this is best,1
joshua ryan : very peaceful,1
a google user : this game,1
snehit reddy gurram : the best,1
mahendra naxane : mind blowing,1
a google user : great game,1
north snake : love the game,1
savita karmaran : great game,1
mohammed ramees : good graphic,1
abhishek mahar : its good,1
gaurav yadav : relax with fun,1
peter ulbricht : amazing graphics,1
ghost ruby : love this game,1
jaspal virdi : it is nice,1
ranjeet jain : love the game,1
ganesh mhz : super and simple,1
a google user : it is fun,1
v-jay curugan : very cool,1
guma : really calm,1
gianna osorio : its good,1
hriatpuia ralte : its great,1
dinesh k : good performance,1
rahul roy : great game,1
josue martinez : its good,1
bryan johnson : awesome and cool,1
hammaad saldin : great game,1
aryan 5624 : mind blowing,1
dabois : love the graphics,1
jaya prakash : pretty cool,1
maurice romaire : fantastically exciting,1
heetik kumar : great graphics,1
marwan yasser : great game,1
clay 95 : perfect relaxation,1
a google user : it is fun,1
firman dholoz 04 : love this game,1
sean dziuk : its awesome,1
anthony : awesome graphics,1
heben soto : its good,1
chad coons : its awesome,1
abu yousuf md abdullah : great game,1
abu sentamu : very calming,1
yogesh j : great game,1
achu mass : the speed,1
t.k naveen : absolutely wonderful,1
michael gustavson : simple and beautiful,1
news 24byte : its good,1
sree's infinity world : sound is beautiful,1
rommel boquiron : cool graphics,1
ini oluwa : great game,1
fletcher : great game,1
s : good graphics,1
vishakha parikh : its good,1
a google user : great game,1
mathew stephen : its good,1
aska guyette : amazingly awesome,1
arun thomas : thank u,1
pramod kumar : love the playstore,1
alif fahrezyana : great game,1
rampal sharma : this is awsome,1
adia richard : pretty good,1
jason silva : peacefull game,1
mason bowen : love is in the air,1
mohammad monir hossain rokon : its good,1
asmy muhammad : so exciting,1
a google user : its good,1
michael della : really great,1
a google user : best music,1
a google user : its good,1
amey singh : beautiful and soothing,1
a google user : great game,1
v. k. mishra : great game,1
abhishek pal : mind blowing,1
11b 14 saahid. thonduru : nice graphics,1
vicky chaurasia : love this game,1
jagan srinivasan : awesum graphics,1
trenton washington : this is awesome,1
saurabh singh : awesome app,1
a google user : it is so relaxing,1
lil autism : fun and addictive,1
ashutosh mishra : cool animations in it,1
thang puii : beautiful graphics,1
a google user : totally awesome,1
pv john : great game,1
2713 spencer rodrigues : very soothing,1
master yoda : pretty good,1
eric sylvania : amazing graphics,1
joemer alcantara : relaxing app,1
robbie bailey : it great,1
nicholas harshey : amazing graphics,1
abhinay vasisth : very cool,1
resentmentt : pretty crispy,1
samarth dimri : great game,1
jimmy francis : awesome cuz,1
sahil malik : love the music,1
r a : good clarity,1
hans lagman : nice graphics,1
ajim : easy to control,1
rohdayne edwards : great game,1
prema latha : awesome marvelous,1
mohammad negahban : this is brilliant,1
adithya : great game,1
we listen everything : very cool,1
abolfazl : really good,1
mr asphaltqhd : very relaxing,1
a google user : relaxing and cool,1
manuel ramos : cool,1
b. saddler : it is fun,1
lc lc : addicting and fun,1
pankaj jha : very cooooool,1
ephrahim christian : simply awesome,1
aryan powale : simple and interesting,1
nolan phillips : too simple,1
dhanushkar dhanush : nice to play,1
kane kennedy : great game,1
a google user : absolutely addictive,1
a google user : good graphic,1
vishnu vardhan : nice graphics,1
miforce zone : great gameplay,1
pikachu luvs : great game,1
jaheim bain : calm and addictive,1
gab perocho : pretty music,1
royal pranav : good graphics,1
dr.pinakin dodia : nice and addictive,1
rosy gounden : very cool,1
a google user : simply super,1
momien sheikh : thanks,1
review manager & vlog : relaxing mind,1
adish muhammed : great game,1
manju raja : so challenging,1
jack barker : it is great,1
blake harvey : cool,1
swinitha abeygunasekera : greatest game,1
kamlesh kumar : very powerful,1
a google user : awesome graphics,1
the amb : nice gharphic,1
armed shoot : cool game,1
karthivashan k v : good graphics,1
mr. sabu : simply awesome,1
a google user : love the gam,1
a google user : what a scenary,1
m m : good graphics,1
deepak kumar : simple and sweet,1
fayez ismail : the best,1
sarita rajani : loved it a lot,1
mouein khallouf : its cool,1
a google user : best graphics,1
aayush kadian : love it all,1
vinita luhana : amazing graphics,1
frost : great game,1
therecon3 : great game,1
the benefactor : sexy graphics,1
yedhu krishnan p : nice graphics,1
a google user : experienced game,1
dominic marinelli : very relaxing,1
sajal barman : i love this,1
avinash rajput : stress buster,1
home doings and acu points : awesome soundtrack,1
sanjay kotiya : good graphics,1
christopher buwembo : so addictive,1
judith lopez : great game,1
michael angelo : great game,1
beep boop : very cooooool,1
diego silva valencia : love this game,1
a google user : good graphics,1
kato herman sekidde : great graphics,1
shiva kumar : greatest game,1
grizzly giganto : really relaxing,1
videshi kevat : is a best,1
aman bhoi : superb graphics,1
radi t : great game,1
ridham patel : fully adventurous,1
crystal gray : awesome graphics,1
a google user : it is cool,1
wheels cringe : awesome overall,1
focusoccer : so beautiful,1
smaug : great game,1
rohan choudhary : relaxing music,1
riad ftouh : amazing background,1
sourav kumar : the superb,1
39.snehal kashyap : very relaxing,1
stephanie wilson : awsome graphic,1
ray fadley : cool,1
a google user : very relaxing,1
naween kumar sharma : great game,1
a google user : pretty cool,1
nikolai morozov : love the music,1
hero barazani : good graphic,1
bhaskar tarai : great game,1
thejasgeorge thejas : mind blowing,1
cisco castro : great game,1
ankit negi : simply great,1
akhilesh kumar : nice sound,1
a google user : iv loved this,1
andrew daniels : dynamics are great,1
jesse jackson : great game,1
mairly atana : cool graphic,1
yeminhtet54698 yeminhtet54698 : good graphic,1
samar saha : its cool,1
a google user : its awesome,1
sukumar devadas : simply super,1
ivan bizyukov : great game,1
tharaka samarasinghe : great graphic,1
macmillan : love the music,1
pusparaj sinh vaghela : cool,1
sri jaya durga ceramics : nice and simple,1
a google user : it is interesting,1
noah joao : great game,1
virendra singh shekhawat : nicely made,1
gruffydd saunders : pretty chill,1
tejus tejaswini : adictive,1
c b : it was lit,1
ania trebicka : love this game,1
tilak raghunandan : nice to play,1
prasanna thangaraja : awesome graphics,1
joe wells : love the game,1
ash p : absolutely beautiful,1
alien : good install it,1
pew pew nova : love the game,1
tony : very relaxing,1
a google user : simply awesome,1
a google user : i love this,1
jay : amazing graphics,1
michael bridgewater : very addictive,1
noir glaive : the best,1
iqbal masih : beautiful garaphics,1
danny quach : very calming,1
mohd safwan : cook,1
kristina mae sible cagara : its cool,1
anson yap : good app,1
a google user : fantastic wow,1
yakub bashir : now that's a game,1
tatyana wells : lovee this game .,1
naomi hoydonckx : awesome gameplay,1
dwip datta : awesome just awesome waiting for alto's adventure 2,1
parvathi ramesh : i m the move move it and shake it,1
sheikalesha s : very very very super game,1
pratishth walia : pls make it free for apple,1
lamont white : its like a taco from taco bell,1
warheadboy warsome : oh yes oh yes 0,1
a google user : when/where is update for android??,0
jayram kewat : this game is best.,1
f2004_ain sofea : huh i hope can open it,1
gamingpug petrowski : beast,1
richard kirk : absolutely crap,1
a google user : damn soothing,1
jason fenner : boring,1
ali bizhandi : boring,1
annclaire cooper : my son lovers it!!,1
subify : 4/16/22 well yes it's 4/16/22,1
abdul moiz : i dont think anything.....,1
ms t- : the music <3,1
james arnold : good good graphics,1
lincoln keeble : this app is amazing,1
fick : the best of the best,1
john montgomery : fun and addicting,1
anandhu p pillai : its good its good,1
raahim rauf rathore : this is a nice game,1
curtis j mcco : great game,1
a google user : good thing,1
giriraj jaju : addiction,1
rafael mernique barbieri : relaxing,1
michael bushy : love it and addicted to it,1
ah shahria : the best beast,1
jonathon b. : coins? no thanks.,1
a google user : relaxing,1
siddharth ts : exhilarating,1
david ureno : relaxing,1
muhammad affan : relaxing,1
superdinogamer gaming : cool,1
im super godly : relaxing,1
sohail1234 h : addictive,1
cecilia desselle : cool,1
a google user : cool,1
daniel bell-gam : relaxing,1
mark alwin diego : cool,1
a google user : the controlls are sh**,1
a google user : when will alto's odyssey be released?????,0
sumana upadhayay : hmmm lick it call me ???,1
fakhrul 1212 : this game is bestttt!!!,1
cric predictor 11 : wow! what a game...,1
jonax'z madrid : exciting nervous,1
a google user : nice and nasty,1
syed shahed qudri : interesting and difficult,1
iamrockyplays : update the blockheads please do it!!!!!,1
blue machine : ?? what will you do??,1
d3co : 10 out of 10 ign,1
lover boy : omg it's finally on android!!!!!,1
blayne parsons : relaxing,1
dipexa narodia : ski safari and this game are same!!!!!!,1
youtubesafin : this is my favourite game ever........ i love it.....,1
jake trepanier : it's dope for real!!!!!!,1
emilia the raven demon : i used to play the game and i just re-installed it and like the whole background is green. like everything is green! i cant even see the rocks! im like blind jumping here.,1
renaldi : play it. just play it.,1
adham doman : boring,1
nathan hartwell : boring,1
andrew bond : boring,1
debarshi majee : hate,1
yasin musani : boring,1
joestarr : boring,1
rj babao-empig : boring,1
viswajith vp : boring,1
anand senthil : boring,1
medo ahmed : addiction,1
muhammad vawda : boring,1
calum orbell : boring,1
philip young kim : hate it,1
bleh heh : hated it,1
kevin saenz : hate it,1
gowsal khan : boring,1
or ballistic : beast,1
seila kapetanovic : boring,1
rahul a : boring,1
nilima das : hated it,1
kels bridges : hate it,1
daniel rogic farias : boring,1
aniket das : boring,1
cayden masters : to boring,1
a google user : horrible,0
i'll be ok soon : boring,1
sangita goel : boring,1
dhanya madhu : hated it,1
cherry mobile : boring,1
salma mahmoud : boring,1
omarion taylor : boring,1
a google user : hated it,1
a google user : hate it,1
ashya ash : boring,1
ashwin singh : addiction,1
vv : meditated,1
sultan ilyas arsalillah : addicted,1
david briscoe : hate it,1
senddevon : boring,1
gourav verma : boring,1
dman 2404 : boring,1
dragon singh : hate it,1
cyborg gaming : hate it,1
jack noob : boring,1
milanis : boring,1
denis : boring,1
alexander elfrieden : boring,1
rupesh singla : hate this,1
pallav ojha : hated,1
a google user : ohhh yea!,1
adnan sakib : very awasome game..,1
united states air force : *what i call a game*,1
hasan emad : add more characters..,1
sachin kadam : ,1
a google user : cool$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$"$$$$$$,1
bossman youtube : your game should have not been created all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,0
devendra borse : don't download,1
gagarin rout : timepass game.,1
avdhut tech gadekar : tati graphics,1
john peter martin : it's very hard,1
dave chongle : its on android :),1
a google user : that game is very very super,1
praveen parihar : help me how to play it...,1
gege wakefield : it's asume.,1
ayuhsh gaming : smooth,1
danny peters : cool,1
ethan green : challenging,1
chitransh sinha : cool,1
aritra roy choudhury : relaxing,1
a google user : cool,1
daniel criss : cool,1
hema ramesh : loved it,1
nathaniel myers : cool,1
danny navarro : cool,1
blume beast channel : relaxing,1
kaleb : cool,1
anshumali : addictive,1
ashley landry : cool,1
pavitra malik : fabulously,1
s b : relaxing,1
dreamz fn : cool,1
sarvesh saru : smooth,1
jacob galarza : cool,1
brandon lazaro : cool,1
a google user : cool,1
legit boy 2.0 official : cool,1
sujata reddy : cool,1
ismail aziz : incredible,1
irene chepngetich : relaxing,1
reinq _ : relaxing,1
sagar sagar : relaxing,1
aleksi hieta : cool,1
abinesan ganesan 3 : cool,1
ansh kalgotra : cool,1
denish dhabuwala : addictive,1
mostafatube 18 : cool,1
a google user : adventurous,1
gamingstarlegend : cool,1
konook : cool,1
asafa trotman : cool,1
michelle harris : cool,1
szabolcs : relaxing,1
ace : cool,1
play time : phenomenal,1
michael flores : cool,1
kxqzi w keys : cool,1
b c : cool,1
kyle and post moalon hoops : cool,1
karim elessawy : heavenly,1
yan : cool,1
dj vk gaming : cool,1
ridoy empire : addictive,1
a google user : cool,1
a google user : cool,1
alen fijuljanin : cool,1
shuvai soka : relaxing,1
jeanie graham : cool,1
andy phillipson : cool,1
tracy snyman : cool,1
yasin nuh : loved it,1
tasnimul hasan ebon : relaxing,1
elijah morris : cool,1
a google user : addictive,1
divyansh hawadia : cool,1
connor porce : cool,1
a google user : cool,1
dai tarun : thrilling,1
fuad rahman : addictive,1
luke lacy : cool,1
melissa jaynes : cool,1
a google user : love this,1
s puvinash : comedy,1
4052- surithi.j : cool,1
atnafu gebremedhin : incredible,1
kimberly flynn : cool,1
a google user : relaxing,1
jaen station : coool,1
a google user : it was cool,1
a google user : cool,1
rahul pandhurnekar : addictive,1
a google user : cool,1
glowy : cool,1
a google user : it is great,1
nigel t kambamura : cool,1
mayur kumar : cool,1
thaboenc : perfection,1
middlboi : perfection,1
a google user : cool,1
adrian marian : cool,1
reimo priidik : artsy,1
nicole gendall : cool,1
a google user : cool,1
ardin khan prio : relaxing,1
a google user : incredible,1
anil kumar singh : relaxing,1
ayato : soothing,1
haris thedaddy : addictive,1
manish chandra : cool,1
rk lalrinawmi : addictive,1
ian gitau : smooth,1
craig grays : cool,1
elijah frasier : cool,1
ateef inamdar : cool,1
batdad ninja : loving it,1
a google user : cool,1
shubham gawate : cool,1
idrees the pro gamer : cool,1
a google user : cool,1
chirag kaushik : cool,1
noah frenken : top,1
iibrahim 245 : addictive,1
a google user : cool,1
marek : relaxing,1
pavan kashyap : addictive,1
h a : enchanting,1
a google user : cool,1
thomas m kolethu : cool,1
chella dhorai : cool,1
charl van heerden : cool,1
a google user : cool,1
winterchaff 126 : addictive,1
a google user : extraordinary,1
akash kumar : cool,1
situ singh : lovingly,1
ajhay smith : cool,1
joaquin garcia : it is cool,1
judhistira maharana : awsome,1
saiyed faisal rizvi : incredible,1
manni nickname : cool as,1
carvina holmes : cool,1
thegoldenapple 399 : relaxing,1
a google user : addictive,1
nanda suta_108 : beauty,1
stephanie hill : addictive,1
joseph melendres : cool,1
jose aguilar : cool,1
anmol jaiswal : adventurous,1
aryan : phenomenal,1
jordan martinez : cool,1
a google user : cool,1
4d block : relaxing,1
rene ragpa : cool,1
pushpa thamidalapati : relaxing,1
georson chua : cool,1
a google user : cool,1
a google user : cool,1
willz wilnpn : cool,1
abhay nair : cool,1
zachary : perfection,1
saeej naik : cool,1
kwik parker : cool,1
a google user : heart,1
shazadul karim shakib : cool,1
fatimah imah121296 : cool,1
sham m : cool,1
ybcdiq : cool,1
vincenzo catalano : cool,1
kiven smith : cool,1
larkin glover : cool,1
yp streem : relaxing,1
israel mendez : cool,1
victor sanz : cool,1
karla moreno : cool,1
troy minner : cool,1
ramya bal : relaxing,1
a google user : cool,1
dartanion wynter : cool,1
kwabena amoako-addae : cool,1
tyson kirk : cool,1
jonathan bermejo : cool,1
m. thamilarasan : alto's oddesey?,1
damir kontrec : why is this free? :),1
rambabu maringanti : super. game. boss,1
tiny angler : what next.?,1
devangsham vyas : meditate with it....,1
a google user : that's funny,1
rafi shah md : mind-blowing,1
akram ferkoul : wts a game,1
gk7 : it's alright,1
eliazar ramirez jr : cool,1
om tawde : cool,1
the lalax : best of best,1
colton gowdy : cool,1
a google user : cool,1
juan solis : cool,1
a google user : cool,1
adhiraj majumdar : i this game,1
ragden 26 : can't open it,1
zero infinity : classic game.,1
maruf mahady : hard to control,1
aman siddiqui : mxt...hai boss...,1
shawn revera the anime otaku : chef kiss,1
s a d i : graphics :d,1
mani shankar singh : absolute bliss!!,1
akib sarkar : totally poop,1
a google user : alto's odyssey ??,1
ryan : doper than the popes soap,1
joseph farley : it's grate,1
a google user : that's wow,1
a google user : logic yer.,1
himanshu yadav : must play.,1
bal balaji : it's ok,1
a google user : it's ok,1
wahyu prasetyo : it's ok,1
a google user : it's ok,1
a google user : it's ok,1
a google user : it's ok,1
brian rimas : it's ok,1
sweta tibrewal : it's ok,1
kade feagins : it's ok,1
shubh chaudhary : it's ok,1
louiejay boglosa : it's ok,1
weirdo'clock :d : it's ok,1
gatik chaudhary : it's ok,1
a google user : it's ok,1
a google user : it's ok,1
ga alexgodz : it's ok,1
yogesh yogesh : it's ok,1
dc : it's ok,1
ducksea : it's ok,1
alshaimaa abdelghaffar : it's ok,1
nyla salvador santos i : childhood game :),1
ernesto olguin : trump supporters....,1
ramamurthy jayaraman : theri(^^)(^^,1
geetak : cooooll. ...game,1
hemanathan r : gud graphic....,1
vaseem firos : *********this is my entertainment************,1
a google user : very very bat game,1
padmaletha devi : alto is my car.,1
tania sharmin : its crazy!!!,1
a google user : it it's ok it's ok,1
eva mcroberts : it's so buetiful,1
athul madhav : use headphones,1
a google user : :-o,1
amit gore : classic game......,1
trippie thicc thicc nibba : it's ok,1
izamaki sakayoi : it's ok,1
ansh balar : have to be a lot and then you can be in this email is a bit of the world that i have a few weeks ago and the way to be a lot to the way,0
oyunbat battumur : need more games,1
divy varun : what a game,1
tess nuez : niced game,1
jack kellogg : that was bringing,1
mathew feliciano : too chill,1
a google user : classic graphics!!!!,1
paul diaz : opcool!,1
wendy jones : it sucks,1
kn enterprises : no thanks,1
a google user : ansh chand,1
delphy raphael : more charectors,1
sunny sharma : full to msti yes,1
terrell garner : because it sucks,1
a google user : meow meow meow meow meow hiiss meow,1
mogtaba x : finally !!,1
bobsaidhi3 the king : multiplayer multiplayer!!!!!,1
sai srujan seelam : aswome man,1
paula pedrocca : the bestttt,1
tech's hero on youtube : bacwas hia,1
roman perera : ow patta,1
pramod sahu : wow application,1
himabindu devireddy : these,1
a google user : never played it,1
a google user : it is super,1
a google user : what a game,1
timepickles : is alright,1
nilotpal 200t : happynice game,1
sms khan : we are anonymous,1
bikram ghosh : oh yeah,1
sonika jandial : awosome game,1
a google user : it is litty,1
james mully : it is epic,1
nightofni 57 : freakin sucks,1
yash patel : wast of time,1
nisha ibrahim : theri,1
leena ratchagar : the most,1
ivo britz : no thx,1
nikzavyer r. : very nervracking,1
kapil khemani : borrreeewwd to death,1
amit bhardwaj : this is cooly,1
iheofor chimezie : running test on it,1
frank naly : still downloading,1
suma vineeth : ilove this game,1
aniket raj : hats off,1
emmanuel rufus thomas : cooooolll,1
abhinash : try anytime,1
social view cg : thik thak,1
cgkrs : thank you,1
krishna d.jayaswal : third class,1
a google user : very dhmalastic,1
john harvey : its greatingfully,1
polash tech official : its osome,1
most of the memes : wrossssst game,1
kumar gatu : the following,1
martinez montes diego antonio : more characters,1
dr. d.venkata subbaiah : first game,1
talks of mind : master of masters,1
reymart carinan : support this games,1
arun pandiyan : super reality,1
payton roesberry : time crunching,1
a google user : very chilling,1
francis eshun : is so nicelly,1
gesnel dorcely : it suck,1
a google user : more characters,1
a google user : ohhh ioce,1
a google user : like this game,1
mark gunderson : super addicting,1
kevin asser : what a game,1
cristian delacruz : aswam to relax,1
vicky vickey : mind free,1
radha magaji : bcz the game,1
kingcob - : ass cheeks,1
robert pepelnjak : very epic,1
a google user : super bowl,1
movie lover : wht a adventy,1
mackenzy byrd : it is awsome7,1
hitesh khemnar : must play,1
a google user : time cracker,1
a google user : this game is parfeat,1
vabio : reality game,1
asees kaur : very addicting,1
chakraborty mithun : it is wowsome,1
anilkumar es : aswome game,1
jose perez : it is asom,1
jonathan gavriel : this is art,1
a google user : action moves,1
dokali zozo : bull shoot,1
hassan sherif : tgh f u,1
a google user : must play,1
heezaan rana : try to play it,1
a google user : thanks,1
aman raj : must play,1
soma banerjee : ioved it this game,1
a google user : need to be improven,1
a google user : this is a game,1
prince harmin : classs 1,1
rajesh aswal : 6 beat,1
sanjaykumar 378 kumar : very addicative,1
a google user : awdm experience,1
do you know?? : thala suthuthu,1
elizabeth duncan : very claiming,1
shehin.m.sakeer sakeer : it fantasty,1
aviral bhardwaj : rather dar,1
lance stone : it is epic,1
just a channel : its alright,1
rondy seppala : hey,1
a google user : magic is their,1
josh kumar : finally to android,1
kunath venumadhav prabhakar : che game,1
nehemiah has fun : its addicting,1
a google user : ilove this play,1
surekha shinde : aryan shinde,1
akshay kumar : really addective,1
ryley haitz : it a beut,1
mohammadtaghi saneifar : the bestv,1
ikhsan poim : gue something,1
gopi krishnan : awese graphics,1
nang keingkham : it is okey,1
a google user : game tight,1
hesam valizadeh : eshghe berari,1
bazuka 1316 : thek h,1
zachary ewing : very addicting,1
a google user : the game,1
toni kraljic : fix the grafichs,1
krishna dv : its free,1
a google user : this is woven,1
a google user : everything was okay,1
vintagegoat 69 : very secneric,1
farooq ahmed : itss ok,1
funny man : it sucks,1
a google user : thanks for games,1
tysen koehler : it was a game,1
christine cooper : come on then,1
akash upadhyay : thank you,1
a google user : it is awsom,1
lazare yt : its fantastiv,1
nagaraj bhat : super graphics,1
azhar khan : only ak,1
mario ramos : guns and ships,1
a google user : what a feeling,1
madison nader : very addicting,1
a google user : hi there,1
sacredsponge : boppity bop,1
a google user : it sucks,0
lammanerd : it is amos,1
a google user : thanks for the game,1
vaughn omara : its ok,1
a google user : its ok,1
a google user : this game,1
sabar mohamed : this is art,1
gustavo acosta : needs a stroyline,1
omar sadat : gg what,1
gramoz guhelli : its goid,1
sandhya antony : this is coooooooooollllll,1
josh williamson : very hard,1
a google user : must play,1
farhan khan : it is fabtastic,1
mmd_lp : these nuts,1
tabinda urooj : owesome,1
mahiboob mirji : thanks m,1
a google user : super graphics,1
a google user : super addicting,1
radhe sharma : 3rd class,1
jatinder singh : downloading is lower,1
paleshwar rawat : editor choice,1
chastidy quiroz : a short review,1
dhanush shankar : relax playing this,1
ramesh kumar : wast of time,1
suresh meriya : like this game,1
aryudha hermawan : it is really is a masterclass,1
angela jensen : only 5,1
jishnu s : mwuthey,1
ritu raj jha : nyc of all,1
meskerem hailu : the backgrounds,1
mike lorzano : town rush,1
edgar encarnacion : right,1
noah hairston : it is aswome,1
maysaa sublaban : t what to danlowd,1
vinny malhotra : ish g,1
purusattyam ganguly : must play,1
ranjeet shambharkar : my faviorate,1
fazil fazil : mind washer,1
a google user : its classic,1
mihir jadhav : totally aweosme,1
a google user : very very fentastic,1
joe evans : 10 out of 10,1
francisco tobon : lots of poop,1
nicholasshawn vincent : 379,1
khushisharma cool : this game is,1
jayshree gajbhiye : graphics,1
a google user : mohit.chauhan,1
giorgi manguashvili : 5* graphics,1
sachin ydv : dreaming,1
naveen khatana : graphics,1
a google user : graphics,1
a google user : it's funny,1
binaya kumar sahu : thanks.,1
a google user : it's ok,1
a google user : it's ok,1
harsh x ahir : it's ok,1
manali bhosle : iove it..,1
samuel ortiz : smoothhhh..,1
rafael khan saikat : owsome..,1
djjdnxn jsbdbdn : :o,1
a google user : existing..,1
audel j. hernandez : its,1
makayla brazwell : addicting!!!,1
og cuddyg5 : asome,1
popincynical : install this!!!!!!!,1
amarnath adhya : thanks,1
ritik gupta : nothing,1
sehar iqbal : offline timepass,1
karthick ragavendran : the looks!!!!!,1
a google user : graphics,1
zachary reyes : :o,1
elijah cardona : aw some!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1
shubhashish chakraborty turjoy : graphics,1
a google user : h.gholsmali,1
raegan-dale williams : hole.io,1
srt11 _the _ beast : asome,1
diego velasquez : cool0,1
mohit choyal : aewsome,1
a google user : back,1
a google user : whatsapp,1
zuhaib x : adictive,1
a google user : thenks,1
a google user : nothing,1
a google user : this is,1
a google user : nothing,1
trouble maker : bore,1
kiaden : live it,1
sabyasachi roy : worth it,1
jagadeesh kotambri : nicrowdfunding,1
a google user : nothing,1
swatantra kumar sharma : thoo,1
shubham agrawal : thank,1
a google user : tor,1
a google user : thanks,1
rohit thakur : bor,1
chandru alfred : nothing,1
#sarina sara : ilovethisgame,1
yajurdev np : lowed it,1
ngai boh wen : edited,1
gumara rodriguez : hey,1
a google user : nothing,1
br.iyasin ali : however,1
michelle myers : backflip,1
a google user : addicting,1
isaac li : pieceofshit,1
adriaan booyens : adicted,1
varun saini : nothing,1
a google user : asom,1
abhinav padmarajan : aweasome,1
nikhil roy : tight,1
let's change : its,1
tyler garcia : alsome,1
jagan a : nothing,1
utsav parmar : sucks,1
naveen raj : awesomeable,1
terrance hays : cooling,1
naved mahtab khan : try it,1
faisal karim : graphics,1
prithivi ravi : xtraordinary,1
baylor caughorn : finally,1
vignesh waran : try this,1
ahmad falah : addicting,1
manish saladi : thanks,1
akam : download it,1
mani kandan : srithar,1
meagan gomes : nothing,1
a google user : towhid,1
unemio : sucks,1
a google user : lick it,1
jirdan miller : ite,1
yandrapu suribabu : goated,1
a google user : high,1
hariharan thazhekalliyil : nothing,1
suvedha suruthi f : what a graphics,1
sanjay sk : tharumaru,1
a google user : addicting,1
indu mathi : superhero,1
jos h : nothing,1
tmgirlswek : coooll,1
ben roberts : addicting,1
raseen timilsina : worth it,1
raghuveer singh : title,1
a google user : asowme,1
seerat fatima : iovely,1
pranit : rewalove it,1
sanooj joseph : typical,1
farjana akter : normally,1
atulya sundar bhanj babu : verycoollgame,1
sr gamers : band a,1
a google user : everything,1
wali siam : nothing,1
laxman shah : white,1
a google user : ccdd the to,1
tharun arul : this game is like,1
a google user : this game is,1
call of life panda : it sucks,1
a google user : money money money,1
serafin ranzi : as,1
rana naeem : thanks,1
connor willis : hey,1
