joseph cresswell : love it but we need split screen back! i used to love having a video on the top of my screen and this game on the bottom but the most recent update took away split screen!!! now i rarely play the game, if ever, please bring the split screen back. this game is so fun! especially once you master the switches bettween wingsuit and grinding! even after doing all the challenges it's fun to try and rack up the top combo.
zurmis ishere : ita a great and beautiful game. quick to understand, fast paced, and for the most part, fun. the only issue i have with it is that some deaths feel unfair. like how is the game going to allow me to fly into the sky but not tell me if i'm not landing into a chasm. more than half my deaths are caused by being unaware that i am going to crash into one. it'd really help if there was an indicator that i was going to encounter one, because late game you are in the air alot with the wingsuit.
braedyn blachowski : such a time consuming game i started playing it an hour ago, and couldn't stop. the best part of this game is that theres not that many ads. but sometimes the game bugs out, and i can't jump. also its one of those games that are really relaxing and is about beating your high score on that you got on your last round. overall, adictive and fun game.
liam : i've been playing this for a while and it's been my go to game for the last few weeks. however, some annoying glitches have started to appear recently. for example, the frame rate seems to have slowed down so there's now a perceptible lag and shudder in the motion, which is not only irritating but makes me feel nauseous. additionally, sometimes the characters jump without any user input, and sometimes they don't when they're supposed to, and most recently the characters wouldn't respond at all.
thunzur : pretty fun gameplay, amazing visuals, good relaxing music and many nice details, overall this is a nice relaxing game and i definetely recommend this to anyone, although i did found a bug which is pretty annoying. i dont mind ads playing in the end of the run as this is a free game and i didnt purchase ad-free, but a few times gameplay ingame gets a frame drop and becomes completely unplayable, which never happens on offline, and im pretty sure its probably ad downloading or smth,still good tho
shreyas : it's a very great game. the graphics, the characters and the realistic sound spectrum is amazing. the only problem is that the game has too many ads. every time i restart, an ad come in between and messes up my gaming experience.
deepak dawny : really good casual game. there are very few ads, and the interface is smooth. but i didn't really like the fact that sometimes the screen seems too zoomed it, so that its difficult to know what is coming up
baking artist : awesome game. very relaxing, gorgeous and breathtaking scenery, and wonderful music. zen mode is great for practice and relaxing. only issue is i have no idea where my photos are saving to.
vipin saini : game doesn't count some complete goals. for example one goal is to pickup hover feather. i have picked up hover feather 5-6 times but the goes doesn't count it as completed. besides this, the game is perfect and i am fan of this game since it was released.
jbs : unfortunately there's no ad free version, like there is for ios. great game but the more you want to play, the more intrusive ads just suck the fun out of the game. uninstalling. not even trying the new game as it's probably more of the same.
ali 13 : it's very entertaining and veeery addictive. good graphics, good game-flow and very nice vibe overall. only criticism is some bug and crash. and please don't change the game in updates just add things
moein diarjani : the only mobile game that is on my essential phone apps list always. serves me more like a meditation tool rather just a game. entertaning and relaxing. and the best music and sound. we need more games like this.
ilaitia powell : i love this game its so peaceful and the music is relaxing. there will be ads but that only happens if you forgot to turn your data off or leave your wifi connected. i love the music in the endless version where you just keep going without no goats or points. just you and the music. whats the name of that music tho?
david strong : i love this game! it's so cool that you can just go down and up hills, also you don't have to watch so many ads right after you fall off the snow board. all the abilitys you can use makes it so fun! that's why i am giving this game a 5 star review!
fletcher moffett : this game is satisfying and relaxing but also energetic enough to be entertaining. highly recommend. it has mico transactions but most are just short cuts to what you'll get later for free.
kathryn parsley : after a week of loving this game, i now loathe it. past level 30, the game stops giving you what you need to pass the round. rn i need to grind 5 rooftops and the rooftops no longer show up, or you can't possibly get to them. i'll have to pay if i want to move up. it also has stopped showing progress updates on your goals at the end of each round. what was a promising relaxation game became a money-gimmee too fast. i'm happy to pay sometimes but, developers, this was low. uninstalling now
austin bosse : a few updates ago, full screen/hole punch support was broken for pixel 6 pro and still hasn't been fixed.. please fix as it sort of ruins the amazing immersive experience this game gives.
charlotte jones : amazing! it is definitely fantastic for a mobile game. the attention to detail with the sounds and gameplay are phenomenal! great job noodlecake & snowman!
aistis : the game is fun but there could be some more content. also the night is way to dark. you must put your brightness to the max and it drains the battery.
cezar haim : this game is absolutely amazing the graphics are good. its basically beating your high score but as you continue there are some bugs.
d14_oficial : the nostalgia is real, and it hasn't changed one bit as far as i remember, and that makes me really happy taking in account what some games have turned into
momo letlhake : this is one of the most relaxing games i've ever played. it relieves stress easily too. highly recommend for those who want a simple yet adventurous game.
prathamesh khopade : i just saw this game on the categories so decided to give it a try, but holy!!! this is much more than i expected!! and that too so minimalistic and low size game! amazing and thanks for the game
freeks : do you know this is the best game i've ever seen.this is not just a game this is something special it's graphics it's sound effects it's background music all are just amazing thanks to the devoloper for this masterpiece.
christian nash : i have played this for a while now and i love this game. the zen mode is just relaxing and the music is just calm and relaxing. best game like this i have ever played
omm narayan dehury : mind coll game. and it's graphics are so beautiful try it. i never play like this game it's so beautiful mind blowing.
just killed a woman feelin good : it's fun, the levels are quite hard (in a fun way), i dont like how you operate the wing suit, it's just a tad bit annoying how short it is. i think you should have the length of the flight very depending on how many points the combo had. other than that it's really fun. i love how simple and relaxing it is compared to alto's odyssey but i like the amount of things to do on odyssey.
matt nutting : this game is actually awesome. it's so relaxing to just listen to the rain as you fly down the mountain. very well done! (the sequel is equally as good!) my only issue is the feathers. they straight up just don't work half the time. i collect them, my character turns blue, but doesn't float, and will still fumble if i hit a rock. so i just avoid rocks altogether, wether i've got the feather or not. otherwise, wicked game.
dr. izquierdo : pay for premium... again??? after update the game on march 9, the game back to "basics" with ads... i've paid for premium suscription... please solve this issue.
jimmy p : loved the game till about level 30. the challenges are frustrating and take away from the relaxed gameplay
henry gregg : when you get into playing this you will realise how good it really is. there are plenty of goals to achieve dont spend your accumulated coins to pass goals you are struggling with as on level 30 something you need to spend 7000 on a suit. gameplay is excellent. several years later i've completed all the tasks. it is still an enjoyable frustrating game.
rita r : was an enjoyable game, with challenges to unlock better players and improve your tricks. unfortunately most of the ads send you to the play store when you press x to close them, or they crash at the end. also, the game crashes every few runs now too. until this is fixed it is no fun to play any more. same goes for odyssey.
danney az : simple and beautiful arcade game! please developers, lighten up night time, i cannot see a thing while playing in broad daylight hahaha (not joking, pls do it)
lone readerlover : great game! outstanding visuals, over the top music quality. smooth graphics and just overall fun casual game.... and it's free too! i just have a problem with the quests sometimes. sometimes the game bugs out and doesn't registered that you actually done the quest and not ticking it off so i have to spend my money just to skip. it's not all the time but it's just really bad. could we fix this bug?
a tea bag : hello there) this is so relaxing and entertaining game, i love it ! thank you, for creating it)) why 4 . sometimes it happens that the character does not pick up a magnet or a feather, and also coins. a bit but pity. this commonly happens at high speed or boost. hope you'll have fixed this bug in future updates if it is needed, i can record some videos with this issue and send to you. good luck, and thank you for the game
ben the burger : i like the peacefulness of the music in it it would be really cool if they made it to where you could put your own music to the trac
thomas palmer : a super fun game. at first it might seem some what simple, but it is consistently fun, and consistently difficult. i really enjoy the challenges and unlocking the new characters. the wingsuit is a perfect way to add something new when you get proficient with the snowboard. love this game and i'll play alto's odyssey as soon as i'm done this one!
itz_saty : if you are a type of guy who don't like games like cod or pubg, this is the way to go. this game is chill, relaxing, close to zero ads even if you are connected to network. you may think this is just a repetetive game just like subway surfers but it's not. the characters, the missions, the wingsuit combos, the backflips is what makes to get connected to the game. at last i just want to say, just try it out once if you never have played this before. thank you devs.
nishant mishra : i've never seen a game this simple that keeps me hooked to it. super beautiful graphics, changing weather, multiple transitioning biomes, procedurally generated landscape and a day/night cycle, and as if that wasn't enough features already, it has a "zen mode" to play without interruptions or obstacles. 10/10 would recommend.
sangeet borpuzari : in one word- perfect. this game has what it takes to be a proper game. from the outside it may feel like a normal game but the music and playstyle is what that flips the coin. the challenges, characters with different speed and flipping time enables you to play this game at your own style. i always do a flip in the very beginning using maya and that's what i love, its my style but other's game. :)
lea katrina : the flight suit button is half-obstructed by the camera teardrop on my phone, any way to move it somewhere else or make the button bigger?
josh : a truly wonderful game to play in your free time or whenever. the game have relaxing music and nice ambient sounds. simple, yet great design and subtle details. what i want to see included is more music to choose from, especially when you are playing in zen mode. overall, the game is amazing.
catalin verman : great game! free, easy to control, a lot of fun to play, great gtaphocs, changing environments during the mission. (e. g. start at daylight, finish at dawn). it is got a zen mode if you wish to play without being disturbed to start again from the beginning with the tasks given for that specific mission. i also recommend to install alto's odyssey
a google user : a sensationall masterpiece! very calming and relaxing and the soundtrack is wonderfull no adverts and no distractions 10/10
ralph laptop : stunning game, apparently simple but with surprising depth. almost perfect. my only significant issue is that the screen isn't well configured for left-handed players; you can move the pause button to the right of the screen, but the wingsuit button is always in the middle on the left, which makes it very hard to avoid clicking by accident if you play with your left thumb. some of my biggest frustrations playing the game have come right at the end of a flawless long combo that should have earned me tens of thousands of points, only for me to accidentally activate or deactivate the wingsuit at the last moment with the edge of my thumb and crash. so frustrating!
benjamin simpson : a well crafted, smooth and beautiful looking game. the title and introduction are a bit misleading as it first seems to lend itself to a story... there isn't one, not really as although at the start it tells you all about saving llamas, as you progress it becomes somewhat of a side objective. nevertheless, the game is smooth, the procedurally generated landscape keeps you guessing and the soundtrack is both ralaxing and pleasant to listen to. i can't help but feel there was a missed opportunity to throw in some extra control for the tricks or some upgradable moves, such as swiping in a certain direction for flips and adding a few more holds maybe. there are a range of characters to unlock that generally feel just different enough to warrant unlocking them and halleuja, while there is the option to purchase them, it's by no means the only way to do it and it's not pushed so far down your throat you choke on it. all in all, i like this game. it could perhaps do with a bit more content but for a free to ah game, it's not bad at all! well done noodlecake inc. well done indeed.
shannon berridge : so relaxing. i love the ambient sounds. headphones a must. great game to play winding down in bed before sleep. one tap controls are very easy, yet don't diminish the gameplay. highly recommend. lots to unlock to keep you coming back. another tip. if you want the ambient feeling enhanced. turn off music and just have sound effects. ambient sounds are awesome in this. really take you away.
lokum candy : the game is beautiful overall, wonderful design and stellar backgrounds and scenery. my issue is that there are a number of glitches or bugs. when i use inez and she is boosting, she misses all type of items and coins. it's quite infuriating when i pass many coins and magnets and she doesn't pick them up. now i use her mainly, i can't say this happens with all the characters. additionally, when you use a ramp there's a chance you'll fall straight down and lose. sometimes i've even ended up inside a mountain of snow. i was so close to reaching the last character when this happened and i think i'll need a break from the game because of it.
michaela wantland : beautiful game! played it for years. only suggestions i would make if possible would be to have a way to save your progress (some account or something) and for the music not to restart every time you mess up. after completing the entire game i accidentally uninstalled the app and lost everything. and it would be nice if the music would just pick up where it left off when you fell after starting again. if these things are addressed i will definitely give 5 stars. thanks for your hard work!
sarah macdonald : the game is excellent, but... the feather is kind of a pain since if it drops you right before a rock you won't have time to jump, which is an insta-kill. my big problem though is i bought the ad-free version since i like the game, but it in the shop it still shows available to buy. when i try to buy it, i get an error saying i already own it, and i still get pop-up ads....
john p : core game is fun. visually, the game is very pleasing. customization is a good incentive to continue playing. however, they seriously need to tone it down with the ads. very intrusive and immersion-breaking. listening to music while playing, they'll stop your music. also it feels like the drops needed to complete challenges are intentionally withheld. had the 'catch a llama while gliding' challenge and saw two glides in a 5+ minute run. then i finished the challenge; and now they're everywhere..
matt anderson : i enjoy the hell out of this game, it is easy to learn, but hard to master. and, as i find most important for phone games, it has a surprising variety in gameplay - with different goals, which unlock characters with new abilities. and, something i never knew i wanted, a game with calming music and beautiful visuals and scenery. unfortunately there's no way to "win" that i know of (it's an endless level until you die), but that's my only complaint & i enjoyed everything else. worth your download.
orlando lyons : the game itself is awesome. it's challenging and has characters that can be unlocked by playing. each character is unique and plays differently from the rest. the main problem i have is the ads. they don't show up often, but each one feels very predatory. they drag on, and often goad you into interacting with them afterwards. the close button slowly fades in as to not attract your attention. on top of that, tapping anywhere but that tiny x sends you to the product page. it just feels so sleezy.
nikola rakic : great game! actually both of the games in the series are great. it is so relaxing and it forces you to be creative by combining different types of stunts. i really enjoy it. there are a few bugs, for example when i crash in the chasm i can't relive the character, because it's just stuck in the chasm. other than that it is great - graphics, music, gameplay... just great :)
hafsa murtaza : the graphics are lovely. i thought there was potential for more activities for the character to do though. because compared to alto's odyssey, this one is slightly less fun. for instance you could add a snowman busting option. and the wall-skidding option could also be incorporated into this because that was very fun to do. one major issue i had was that the feather did not seem to protect from rocks often times. that was very annoying, and i'm sure it must be some sort of error. i hope you look into it. also it's just my opinion but i wonder if you would consider incorporating more blues instead of greens into the background. blue is just more relaxing and nicer to look at. overall this is a lovely game.
ayushi patil : great game! the tasks can get a bit difficult but you eventually pass them. once you get the hang of the game it is quite addicting. the soundtrack is relaxing and i often play this game as a stress relief or whenever i can't sleep. the best part is the zen mode. it is a great way to practice your skills to help pass the adventure mode tasks. in many games coins are hard to earn but in alto's both games, i never faced this problem.
thalia : this is a very well coded and structured game. the gameplay is smooth and absolotely fantasic, unlike anything i've ever seen. the art style of adorable and very simple. the music is so relaxing and again.. absolotely wonderful. the only problem though is that sometimes, when the time of day is night, i am unable to see the rocks. i don't know what you can do for that... but again.. good job creators and staff!!!
nate d : i absolutely love this game and its sequel. they're gorgeous to look at, fun and addictive (not in a bad way), and a great way to pass time. however, i have one small problem that runs me the wrong way: the goals. or "challenges", if you will. some are very doable, but most need to be done at completely random times, which sometimes forces you to pay to bypass the goal. for example, "catch a llama while floating" i have to find and get a flower and hope that a llama comes by while it's active.
orridicus40 : this game is a lot of fun! it's simple, challenging and relaxing at the same time. the graphics and are great. i like the upgrades you can purchase (with in game currency). i purchased the remove ads feature to support devs and this game is worth it imo. one thing i do wish that would be added is an upgrade ability to be able to back flip faster! thanks for the great game!!!
cicada carpenter : i played this before playing the sequel alto's odyssey, and while i prefer the second game, this one still holds up! my only complaints are that the llama mechanic feels sort of pointless outside of missions (scores alone have never been a motivator for me), and there's a particular chasm (two small gaps in quick succession) that's nearly impossible to clear if you're going too fast. worth a try if you loved the sequel, but want something a little different!
zombekilleralt : let me start off by saying: this game is (very seriously) one of the best i've played, in terms of graphics. it's not the most realistic out there, sure, but the quality of the characters and backgrounds are unrivaled. controls are simple and fun, but lacking in "control" - you can jump and backflip, but that's about it. a frontflip button would be nice, possibly added on the right half of the screen while the backflip the left. overall, though, great game! the gameplay itself is fun and sometimes challenging, while zen mode keeps the balance between hard and easy, as well as the fact that it's so darn satisfying when you land a chain of tricks. noodlecake, you have outdone yourself!
kalin armstrong : this game is amazing. i really enjoyed playing it a lot, put hours into it and managed to unlock quite a few of the characters and get through most of the missions. be warned! this game does not bind or save data to an account. i'm currently uninstalling this game as i moved from an s8 to an s10, and while it brought the game app over, my save was lost in the process. if they give an option to save properly i will come back
jemima h : amazing. it's very difficult to come up with something that's actually negative about this game! past personal preferences and the rare bug, the game itself has little to no issues. the option of playing on 'zen mode' were you can just go down an endless hill with endless lives and incredible music is a great addition to the main game that i regularly use! overall, its the best mobile app i've found in a long time, and i strongly suggest installing it even if it's just to try it out!
nasif quadir : really just an amazing game all around. the art and backgrounds are simple and well made. your movement through the snow banks is incredibly smooth, and as long as you're paying attention, nothing really feels unfair with one exception. when the screen switches to night mode, it starts to become difficult to see your player character. another issue is that i can't use my wing suit. i unlocked it several weeks ago, but after i closed the app and reopened it, the icon disappeared.
cimsoc cosmic : 11/10. beautiful and simple graphics, easy-to-learn but hard-to-master gameplay, and amazing music to top it all off. there are multiple different players to unlock that change the game a little in their own way, and the wingsuit adds a whole new, fun element once you've gotten used to everything else. overall summary? a simulation of running away from old people with your feet tied to a slab of wood, racing llamas, jumping over chasms upside down, and de-shingling innocent townspeoples' homes.
christian maher : i love this game. it's brilliant. 1 small little problem though. everytime i end the game, the next time i have to keep starting from the very 1st level. tutorial and all. also, it's never been able to sign into google play once. it just stays on the same "connect to google play now. - later - yes". i would love help with this from anyone please.
julia chandler : good game with nice sounds, art and music. but unfortunately the delay in response of taps really takes me out of the relaxing theme. the frustration of the jump taking about 0.5s from the tap makes it a lot harder to successfully jump things. i've checked my settings to see if it's my phone and it isn't. so i sadly don't want to keep a game that frustrates me more than it entertains or relaxes.
dan tilley : very good game, fairly simple concept but very well executed. great graphics and sound too. i would have scored it a point higher if not for one thing - the ad provider you use, applovin. i constantly see ads for playrix games (gardenscapes, fishdom, etc) which i find offensive & incredibly irritating. i actually force quit the app every time i see the first few frames of one of these ads - if it was any other ad i'd watch it through to completion. please change your ad provider.
kaydance alizzabeth : great game! super addictive and the graphics are gorgeous. my only complaint is that i have been getting this glitch that won't allow me to jump, i can easily click start and restart and any other function in the game except for the jump. this only happens on occasion and after i restart the app, it goes back to normal. but overall, the game is wonderful.
don grose : good game concept but some design flaws. can't read challenge text at night, night time doesn't add to the fun of the game, it just means you can't see properly, plus the challenges are often simply not possible because opportunities don't arise, eg hovering onto a reindeer. would be better if the whole point of the game was to do challenges explicitly set one after the other with the opportunity set up in front of you. it gets tedious trying to do challenges when the opportunity rarely arises.
arriane jane : nice graphics, its not hard to the eyes. the sound effects is also very relaxing and it matches the pace of the game. what i like the most is you have an option for "zen mode" which you can just play without you dying. downside is sometimes its lagging (a bit) if you get the power ups ( magnets etc.) but its okay for me. i purchased all the characters since im soo excited to try them all. lol. if you dont want to purchase them, you need to pass certain level to get them. really amazing game.
hanikhqn : it's nice! i totally understand the ads in between after dying, because you want to get benefit too. however, you need to buy characters. i'm not sure if you can use coins, but so far it only showed currency numbers. i wish you could use coins like at least 4 characters using coins? it'd be interesting to be able to change characters. the game is also very calming, i really liked the mode! ( i dont remember the name ) but the sound effects and everything, it feels refreshing. really recommend!
a google user : edit:2/3/2020 game crashes when logged into google play. had to uninstall as it nolonger works. the simplistic background, changing elements and music and natural sounds are all just breathtaking. controls are easy and fluid. love the fact you can challenge yourself or just chill to all of the games beauty in zen mode. easy enough for any one to play. fantastic stress relief and game period.
falanga alona : this game is one of the best i've played. especially zen mode. i've been struggling with depression and just the sound of nature and soft music in the background really helped. i just wish the endless mode had an option you could change the song in the background, that just give it a little boost and i would give this a six out five. but still love it!!
sophie bell : it's a really fun game and is very well designed. however, i often have issues with the blue feather power up. i collect it but it doesn't actually work or do anything so i die if i hit a rock when i should float over it. furthermore, occasionally i have an issue where i suddenly cannot make the character jump any more. i can pause the game, die and restart it, but i can't make the character jump unless i close the game and restart it. if these issues get fixed i will give it 5 stars
joseph crane : good game, couple annoying bugs though. sometimes if you go too fast your sprite just skips over a powerup w/o picking up. chasms also kill you early w/o giving you a chance to fly out if you go too deep. not a bug, but the feather is the worst powerup because you can't pickup coins while using it. just don't upgrade it and try not to pick it up during play. it's also sometimes annoying that your flight runs out in the middle of a long combo (even though your scoring). still a fun game though.
levi christopherson : a very calming time killer. if you want just a calm game to play when you're bored or when you're out and have no wifi, this is the game for you. the soundtrack and visuals are outstanding, and the gameplay is engaging and very satisfying. one of my favorite mobile games. if you like this, also check out the sequel, "alto's odyssey." very similar with the main differences being in terrain and soundtrack.
the game going : everything great but a bug continuously annoys me. okay we play the game. we get hit by the rock quite a few times. a points comes when alto doesn't jump over the rock no matter how many times you tap on the screen. it doesn't allow me to play further. so, i just have to close the game and wait so the controls works properly again.
mitchell quong : keep in mind i got this game when it was free but i have seen it as expensive as $19 on some platforms and i don't think it's worth that much. for $2 or less this is pretty great. its a super simple game with simple controls so easy to hop in and out of. the art design is what is really great about this game, super beautiful. one of my favorite offline games to pass 10 or 20 mins without having to feel committed to it.
a google user : this is one of the best games i've ever played, i consider this as a work of art. the visuals, the music ,the gameplay etc. this is my most favourite offline game, i highly recommend this to everyone! i would've liked even more stunning environments and characters though . developers, this can become revolutionary if you keep on adding more things to the game ! also....what are you waiting for ......download it already!!!!!!!!!!!
steven pugh : frustrating difficulty curve. my phone went dark on level 2 immediately after the tutorial and i couldn't see a thing even after turning up the brightness. thankfully night mode only lasted a few tries but seriously? that should have held off until at least level 5 (or give us a flashlight in the beginning to see rocks until the battery dies on future levels). i liked the concept of night but it was too hard to do anything and at such a low level it arrived too early in the game before i had a chance to try things on my own without the tutorial guardrails.
brian griffith : game is excellent, i've played for some time (approx 8 mos). recently ran into a bug though. when collecting power ups (coin magnet) sometimes they don't activate, and when collecting the "hover flower" power up, sometimes the bar shows up that indicates it's active, however the actual mechanic of hovering isn't activated. because of these bugs i'm giving four stars.
morgan williams : another great game like alto's odyssey. a couple of things are better - i like the llamas, and it's nice not to have all the balloons everywhere, for example. unfortunately some things aren't as good - the game is a little slower to get going, which makes it a bit less exciting; you no longer get the equivalent of one extra life per run after buying the ad free version (via the coin scarf); but largely it's annoying how flat the landscape is now. still fabulous overall.
indra farizal : i found a bug where when it crashes and starts again, sometimes it can't jump. i even clicked on the screen rapidly, and what happened.. still couldn't jump, and ended up crashing into a rock. hope this review was useful, and bugs fixed as soon as possible. thanks for this addictive game
alex pellegrino : great game, but now i get an ad after every single run. i initially enjoyed the attractive look and relaxing feel of the game, and i really like zen mode. however, after every level run that lasts more than say, 20 seconds, i get an ad that plays for at least 5 seconds before i can skip. i get that ads provide revenue, but i'd appreciate being able to skip right away or simply have them spaced farther apart.
fredrik johansson : fun and simple to understand, but with two problems: first, sometimes there appear chasms really early where there is no way you could have built enough speed to make it; secondly, level 7 is broken. i have gotten the feather and magnet in the same run several times but still it doesn't progress forward to the next level. broken.
cocoa and consternation : it just doesn't really add anything to the series. still goregeous! but it isnt a good sequel. has less mechanics than the first one, which was what made the first interesting (no balloons, walls, or zones) and doesny add any. i guess the llamas, if you can even call those a mechanic. also the controls seem a little off, sometimes ill die even when i jumped over a rock or landed a backflip
colby brasher : used to be a good game, just turn off your wifi when you play, because with the most recent updates, there is an ad after every run you do. it's super annoying. i understand that you need your money, but maybe every ten minutes, or every fifteen minutes you could have an ad. the way it is right now, it severely takes away from the gameplay experience.
summer paris : beautiful graphics, nice game play, simple in the best way. it would be better if the reset option didn't take away your gold. it would also be fun to try the levels with different characters once you've finished the game instead of having to start the game all over again and unlock all the characters gradually.
doody tco : hey i have a problem with one of the tasks level 55, "pick up a coin magnet 4 times in one run..." the magnets i pick never counts, i've took up to 6 and the bug persists, please help. .... i have never uninstalled this game from any device i own once it is downloaded, love the simplicity of the graphics, the breath taking melody, the nice sound effects and how simple and original the gameplay is. whenever i want to rest and want to play, alto's is my choice since it was released.
stanislav sultanov : great game! minus one star just because of some bugs i see occasionally: 1. usually, the scene looses focus when alto falls, and then regains focus when i tap "revive" button. sometimes though, focus never returns, and the rest of the game (short) after revival is without focus, all blurred. this is rare, but happened several times to me so far. 2. once i was able to go through the "earth" while flying vertically down on the wing suit, and turned up in the "underworld". when wingsuit was over, my avatar was just stuck there, in the air, constantly doing a slight twitching movements. i was stuck on the spot (distance didn't increase), but apparently time went on, because after a while standing there i completed my "survive a full day" quest. 3. once right after revival screen stopped moving / following izel she just took off and rode to the right away from the screen, so i stopped seeing her, and just had to restart :)
a google user : i love both this game as well as alto's odyssey. the entire feel of these games are very relaxing and the simplicity of the gameplay plays very well the soothing music, not to mention the minimalist but beautiful graphics. my only complaint about this game would be the ads, they really remove you from the experience. i know you can pay to get rid of them but i'm super cheap so i guess that's partly my fault.
polar bear : really good. i like the gameplay, the graphics etc, but the thing i really like is the coins. coins in alto's adventure basically mean skipping things and going on to the next level. the good thing about these coins are that you collect them on runs. you can buy coins, or just go on several runs to get the same amount. other games force you to pay. and that is why i recomend alto's adventure.
omkar sawardekar : great animations and soothing music while playing! it is a endless snowboarding game with soothing music and beautiful landscapes with perfect sound effects. we can choose various characters with special ability for each. they can be unlocked by completing the levels. relaxing music in adventure as well as in zen mode. easy controls and simple gameplay. great work team alto!
vincent chase : i've had this game for a while now and it is still my favourite. its very calm and the music makes me want to go on an adventure. it's a greatway to unwind. it's also accessible to people like me with mobility issues because its only one button to play the whole game no difficult controls. also i just found out that if you swipe left on the homescreen you can access zen mode where you don't have to restart if you crash.
logan hughes : great game. really relaxing. i like each of the characters a lot, and unlocking them through the achievements is a great experience. edit: i have found a few bugs. sometimes if i'm going really fast, i don't pick up the magnet or feather items. or even coins sometimes.
parker :o : i always install this, forget about it after a few weeks, and then uninstall. but i always install again and repeat this cycle. it is a very good concept and the controls are super easy and it is very relaxing if you do zen mode. it can get frustrating though, but what game isnt a little hard sometimes?
shadow killer : one of the most wholesome games out there. just a good little game to pass the time with, and if you want, you can even purchase a handcrafted llama with personal little name tag from germany. simple graphics, lovely soundtrack, and a great atmosphere. combine that with simplistic but easy to learn controls and you have a very fun little game. keep it going snowman/noodlecake
snake cute : this game is truly amazing. the graphics are amazing and there have been plenty of moments when i've had to pause to do something and i pause on an amazing skyscape that i can't help but screenshot. personally, i like to play on zen mode but everything is super nice. it's easy to relax and has beautiful music. i have found hardly even a bug, and this game is just so good. i highly recommend giving it a try.
n-word jim : i absolutely adore this game. is is just so relaxing and when you land a double backflip onto a stone bounce off and do another backflip it feels amazing. this and it's brother, alto's odyssey, are some of the very few games i have purchased to get ad free. not because the ads are too annoying but because i feel the game is worth my support. thank you.
rayz playz : this game is absolutely beautiful and the overall art style and gameplay is just phenomenal, and the addition of different wheather patterns is really nice. i highly reccomend this game to anyone that enjoys calm and addictive games, because that is exactly what this is. fun, simple and addicting. one slight concern that i have about this game is that it can be quite difficult to see the different obstacles when it turns to night, but that's nothing too major. it's still a great game :)
william moyle : this game was legit one of my favorites. it really helped me unwind. i opened it today to find its swarmed with ads. i get that games need to make money and i don't mind a few here and there, but now there's ads after every run. and they're the kind where you have to close them 3 times. it makes me actually sad to have to give it such a critical review, so i'm giving it 2 stars instead of one. end the ad takeover
bryan altea : so beautiful. simple, yet elegant. anyone could play this. i appreciate the zen mode as it is really relaxing. oh and the music.. the sounds.. the view.. just captivating. it has its challenges, and also the rush you get from riding across the snow with the changing weather and background is just.. ugh. so good. highly recommended. not time consuming, purely casual, and relaxing. great job!
seth m : looks great, but the rock obstacles tend to appear out of nowhere in situations where you can't avoid them. in the varying daylight settings it can become difficult to see if it's a rock or some piece of scenery that doesn't need to be avoided. tapping sometimes doesn't make you jump like it should either.
niaaa__ : this game is seriously fun! it is so exciting to play. it is also very aesthetic and calm. the way the background changes following the time (morning, evening, night) are just so cool. the music and everything. i love it! but just one thing is that, it is kinda hard actually to jump when you have a rock on a clift. but other than that, everything are awesome! 5 stars total!
adwitiya sarkar : this and alto's odyssey are by far the best games i've ever played. beautiful graphics, awesome music, simple gameplay. if you're feeling down and want to relax, this game is the way to go. i keep coming back every so often to reinstall, and i finish all the levels. definitely my comfort game. 10000/10 would recommend.
amelia elms : this game is awesome and fun.the music is relaxing too. i didn't rate this 5 stars because, when i start skiing, i cannot jump to dodge rocks and i keep on crashing into the rocks because i can't jump. but all other buttons on the screen are working fine and this device doesn't have a problem either. when i pause and resume the game, i still can't jump. even when i go to the home menu and start skiing again, i still can't jump. please fix this. because i can't play the game properly.
ageofconner : lack of depth to the game. overall not terrible for a couple minutes of relaxing.
jacob hartong : amazing game! everything about it is great. the music, graphics, controls, and overall gameplay was some of the best i've seen. and it has zen mode which is great to relax to and teaches you about how the game is played. if you do not already have either of the alto games (adventure and odyssey) you need to get these games.
nahome tesfay : great game. the graphics are amazing. particularly sunrise and sunset. the game play is more engaging than you'd expect considering how sparse the controls are. the characters are also well made (well i can't speak to the elder because i haven't unlocked them yet). each one has strengths and weaknesses and none of them are useless, overpowered, or gimmicky (well except felipe, he seems gimmicky to me). overall alto's adventure is relaxing, beautiful, and fun.
jonathan mak : this is the sort of chill mobile game that i've been looking for. non of this constant progressing/daily grind that other game sells. a real pick up & put down game that you play at your own pace. minimal ads - but i loved it so much that i gave my support. feedback to dev: - sometimes does bug out where i can't jump from the start, to which i just restart and it works fine after - would be nice to add in meter to ground where you cannot see ground (like the elder chase meter)
cindy hua : it's a fun game but i wish there was an option that only allowed day time because the game uses my battery quite quickly so i use a low brightness setting but then it's almost impossible to see the the rocks. i don't have a great phone so even at its maximum brightness it's quite hard to see. also, the tutorial helps but for things like the hover feather and the elder, there isn't an explanation for what it does and i had to figure out what it did by searching it up. i guess it's a first world problem, it's not that bad to search it up but id appreciate if there was an explanation.
derick a : graphics and music is incredible. my only gripe is that you need to generate a lot of speed to get over some of the canyons, but a lot of the times, it's a guessing game whether you're able to do a flip or not to try and generate speed, and once you commit to a flip, there's no turning back, and you'll crash from either trying to complete the flip, or you'll crash after trying to abort it.
ryan merrill : disappointing, the graphics are fantastic, but that's the only thing that is fantastic. there are adds, the gameplay gets boring real quick, and you have to spend money to unlock other characters. lots of potential, just needs more content and less adds/trying to make money.
saksham bhadauria : best minimalist game ever with most soothing, calming background music.
latex_lego : the game is okay. it's a fun, pretty game with a unique art style, but the amount of ads (one after every game, many are unskippable) and the sometimes unresponsive taps really take you out of it. i don't mind paying for no ads, but $5? yikes. again, it's a fun game and worth a try, but there are too many takeaways for five stars.
livinlifetothefullest : an absolutely great game, the controls are very easy and a very pleasant atmosphere. you can also score coins in the game that's fine. but my 4 stars is at level 30 (i got to 38) is the challenges (3 each level) the skips each need 2000 coins plus the challenges where much harder and all you end up doing is scoring coins for days and it became off-putting after building up 6000 open another level and even much more difficult demands to do it all again
google user : right when i pressed the game to play for the first time i hear beautiful music. im all excited to finally try this then....... a pop up shows up so i couldn't see the cool start of the game that takes you to the menu. i exited out and went back in and it wasn't there. my guess is it was an ad. this game isn't for me. noodlecake makes some rad games though.
bofflesocks : amazing. it's fun, relaxing, and simple with skill involved. the music is really calming and i love the feeling of discovery. if you just want to chill you can go into zen mode and if you want more of a challenge the game provides you with tasks to complete. it isn't really time consuming like over games and has very little ads.
prince nwegbu : awesome. graphics are spot on. this game really tries to make the adventure a good experience. its not your typical sunway surfers, where nothing really goes on except the same obstacles over and over again and the characters are hilariously overpriced. theres so many gimics that keep the adventure enticing, like change of weather skating on flags and vines. the sequel is on point as well. can't wait for the next sequel!!!
moosh : this game is... ok. the sound effects and music are very in your face, and the frame rate isn't ideal, causing a lot of lag and in the 10 minutes i had it installed on my phone, my phone crashed 3 times. if you like the look of this game, have a look at alto's oddysey instead - same game, except in a desert with much nicer visuals/sounds/gameplay. i think adventure was made before odyssey, and it shows. good idea, but not great execution.
michelle martos : it's been my favorite game for 3 years. i installed it when i was 12 and couldn't stop playing until i unlocked every character, feeling excitement whenever i did. the only real complaint i have is sometimes when i press down, the character doesn't respond. i've downloaded and un-installed it just to have the joy of unlocking the characters all over again. great game!
nischay karthick : i normally don't leave reviews for any games but this game... it's just marvellous. the graphics, the music, the overall asthetic of the game is just amazing. it's so relaxing and graphics are very good, as a digital artist myself i can imagine the time and effort taken to make these graphics. amazing, keep going
fleter marius : the game has nice graphic and music. but if you play it long enough you will keep finding bugs in it that do not make sense. also the ads are fine at the end of the run, but the ads contnent is literally c***p, they use ads to games with toilets in prison, it's completely against the mood the game is building. fix the bugs and change your ads and i'll rate better.
jason brumfield : game design and artwork is pretty well done. the major gripe i have is that its over simplistic gameplay, the unlocks take way too long to save up for and don't change the game much at all. if the game had a better sense of progression, i'd rate it higher. but as it stands, it's not a game i see myself wanting to play after a few days, there's just not much to go back to...
brian : it's not an adventure. it's a simple scrolling game and gets old fairly quickly. music gets annoying on 2nd play (but can be turned off). everything is too small and fast to be played on any cell phone. gives me a headache trying to see it. even more annoying when it turns dark in the game.
ian corrigan : super fun play, simple and addicting, reminiscent of free ski, and line rider. as a free user i don't find the advertisements too obnoxious, and the revive option of watching a longer ad seems fair and has worked nearly all of the time. only one critique that i feel should be mentioned; in the very specific situation that you are being chased by an elder, and are coming upon a hover feather in front of a rock the feather doesn't activate and you crash. it's happened many times
bishal nandi : very very exciting n interesting game. the controls is difficult to master at first but with practice it grows more and more exciting. the way alto travels with immersive skills and collect couns is really fabulous. weather is dynamic and music is cool. one thing that the scenes could be more 3d type rather than 2d. but the overall gameplay is cool. hoping for later updates in future.
martin ford : really liked it at first, smooth gameplay and a great relaxing game... but after the first day it suddenly breaks the zen completely with a load of ads that go on for ages. shame... was a fun thing for a day, but the ads after every level are just too much. maybe after every 3 or 4 goes, but not every time.
f2_25_atrij paul : the game is good but at times the whole frame is vibrating which definitely is not a good experience
dragon immunity : algeria adventure is a good game and had soothing music but sometimes my game crashes for no particular reason
taetae johnson : the jump button doesn't work sometimes, even if i restart the play.
darrell till : excellent game. i wrongly dismissed this some years ago as a boring clone of ski safari, but revisiting them both years later, i find that the other has turned into an awful ad-ridden, money-grabbing freemium game, while i find alto to be a much classier and more enjoyable game with greater longevity. you're actually in control in this game. looking forward to playing the sequel when i've taken this as far as i can.
chrismegusta : this might be the best game in the store. easy to play, literally a finger, no need to buy anything really, you can just grind coins through the levels, coins that you either way collect. excellent progression in characters, abilities, power ups and tricks. i'm only sad they have just 2 games. alto's adventure and odyssey are truly excellent.
jony storm : love this game with my heart, it's so simple,yet unique. and the graphics are awesome
squishy : this game is one of those games that you can really just enjoy every time you play it. the visuals, music and gameplay are really atmospheric and beautiful. the ads are optional for reviving, in app purchases don't limit too much and on all that, it's an offline game so you can enjoy it anywhere. 5 stars, this is what a good mobile game should be like
rahul kumar : game is amazing because of the stunning sceneries, nice backround music and graphics. but there are few glitches in the game play. alto does not gain speed as we progress in the distance which makes it difficult to escape elders and jump across chasms. sometimes game hangs which seems odd because game is not that big in size . other games work smoothly on my phone. i hope you consider these issues and improve the game play.
leigh harris : very fluid game to play and light on the ads. visually very very good and very playable. the only addition i would like to see is maybe a credits roll, on completion of the game, with all the characters in the background going down the slopes. the same for altos odyssey.
cyler walker : this game is extremely straight forward you hold you finger down and you flip or jump. would not suggest.
benjamin chen : overall the gameplay is great and the minimalistic art style is awesome. personally i haven't had any problems with ads and the game runs super smooth. only problem is that after doing every goal, i can say that beating the game is a bit tedious. however, it's still very fun
citty kat : this game is beautiful. i love it i love it i love it. the graphics? stunning. designs? amazing. sounds are also v nice. i haven't played in a while (esp since uni started), but i just gave another game a horrible review bc im mad at the game, and i needed a cheer-up, so i went to the installed games i had and decided to review another. from what i can remember, both adventure and odyssey are spectacular games. nothing wrong with the controls and not too many ads. wonderful.
kalesh true with egret rtjekje : very fun and the visuals are very nice it's not over complicated.
amelia lol : this is a great game. it's so simplistic and calming, the tutorial actually helps, and i love the music choice and the fact the screen isn't to bright. the skins are all unique and fun to play with, and this gives you a challenge but also being a casual stress reliever. 10/10 would recommend.
emma lowry : both games this one and more recent one are both great however after playing both i prefer this one as i like the music more and also how much animation goes into the llamas with the colours and the details like sliding down the hill its very cool also both games have a theme they keep to and characters that can be unlocked are the same so gameplay is quite similar and simple between games overall very good (also not many ads for a mobile games) if you want to compare install alto's odysey!
timothy oliver : overall a very fun and relaxing game that isn't overrun with ads like what many of the other "free to play games" are like. the micro-transcations are pretty reasonable in this game, and are definitely optional as you can easily earn everything by playing the game. unless you really hate ads, which in my opinion, is worth paying 2 dollars for. *plus you get 5,000 coins* keep up the good work guys!
crazy keith : the game is so amazing and everything about it gives me the same cool vibe plus i got from playing geometry dash plus more. the only problem i have is that every time i crash my board and try to go again it forces me into my internet tab for something, i can pay to remove the popups like this but i feel it's not worth it. i think if the developers wanna make money they would need to find a better way because me included, it's hard to not crash in this game.
koleman knapp : 'added after original reveiw' a feature that would be amazing would be a stats board:)
morse code : game is very well designed. really love the zen mode.
ta meta ta fisika : good graphic, good game, good effect sounds. thanks.
ro ro ro your boat : lol, when you fail, in order to revive, one needs to watch an ad
family tab : what a beautiful game wonderful locations surfing in nature marvellous experience thank-you i keep on playing
move to the rythem of life : i had a better review, but it's gotten worse. sometimes i pass right through coins, lamas, and powerups instead of collecting or activating them, which is super annoying! this other glitch that when i'm flipping and pressing on the screen, it'll just suddenly stop flipping and my character is just standing on its board instead of flipping. and other times i can't jump at all! fix this! the game is getting hard to play! it feels like a dev game instead of something finished
h h : good graphics but the handling is awful, jumping is glitchy and the game feels more like reaction time based rather than just enjoying the scenery. it's too stressful, as if it's made to get you to continuously watch ads to revive yourself. this game has potential, at least, the game's engine does. someone else could have made this game better with the same engine.
gaetano settineri : great game, the graphics area elegant, the game play is fun and challenging and the music adds the finishing touches to suck you in completely. the zen mode is a great touch as well for when you want to enjoy the game without bothering with achievements or crashing out.
evelyn stout : i love this game! the visuals are amazing, i got the app solely for the art at first, but the game is fun too, and is really easy to get lost in. all the little details from the sparks on the wire and the birds flying away when you come near makes it truly a work of art. the music isn't bad either.
ricky mills : it's a very pleasant and satisfying game to play, but games like these are why people hate ads. the only soothing way to play it is to turn off all data and wifi to get rid of ads. every time you die on a run, you get an ad, no matter how long you played for. it's absurd. overall a great game, but holy hell, the inifinite ads ruins it so much.
lysified - luca gerda laszlo : this game is all kinds of chill combined together in a small, simple bundle of enjoyment. it's smooth, beautiful, immersive - so much so that i find myself sometimes just playing it for hours upon hours. would recommend to anyone who likes working towards various goals, seeing improvement in their skills in the game and those who find joy to in simple, engaging gameplay.
hacker phoenix : genuinely, this app is quite relaxing; it feels like heaven, it's quite peaceful, i also played it's music with a piano! but the best part is... zen mode!! i have a problem though; when i press the menu/settings button, nothing shows up... it's all blank, but the other settings are not blank. can you please fix this? i'll rate it 5-stars if you do : ) ; )
mayank pandey : neat and intuitive game, very relaxing, really like the background soothing music which scales very nicely with the amount of action. only issue is that sometimes it stops responding to touch which means you can't jump, and the only solution is to restart the game, doesn't happen too often, but hope it gets fixed in the next updates.
sweetiguess : a relaxing and challenging game... i can play for hours and hours without becoming bored.. my top feature is the offline play... being able to play without a connection has saved me more than once... also the aesthetic is absolutely stunning... a++++ to the whole design team... great game. 100% recommend to all mobile gamers (of all age and skill level)
mylilpwnies : i've thoroughly enjoyed playing. the aesthetic of the back/mid ground and the music just click really well. the day/night and weather shifting is a nifty touch. that said i can't play during the day irl unless the game is also day time because it is so dark at night and the glare of the sun make it impossible to see and there's no way to improve it. also there's not much explanation about what the llamas do other than 'earn points' for unexplained reason. the ads are instantly skippable.
che gorilla : a pretty good game with some noteworthy flaws. day and night cycles are nice but make it near impossible to avoid rock obstacles when you pick up speed (sometimes they're even covered by trees in the foreground). later you unlock a character with a wingsuit challenge, which is apparently a new mechanic they introduce. they don't teach you this mechanic in the tutorial or under the character info (at the time of writing this). all characters should have an trogger abilit or none in my opinion.
thecharbeeclub : amazing game with amazing and relaxing sound effects and visuals. i have, however, been experiencing a glitch where every 1-5 rounds, my jump will stop working. it fixes with a restart of the game, but it's still inconvenient. other than that, alto's adventure pertains to both competitive and uncompetitive players. would recommend!
bryan brooks : love the game. would give it 5 stars but it has a glitch where every so often it just stops registering your taps to jump. still allows you to pause and start again but won't jump. it gets really annoying having to close and restart the game.
hasanga imesh : i played this game when it came out for ios about 6 years back. it was a blast! loved it played hours and hours of it. unlocked all the characters and completed all goals until none left. installed it yesterday to have some fun but now it's not even worth the hassle of installing. evertime i fall they try to force an ad down my throat, real ad spam. really annoying. game gets stuck because of ads and i have to remove it and open again. i think the original creator sold the game.
syafiq rosnon : love the game. different than other running games. cool visual and soundtrack. however, would be super great it the completed tasks can be replaced with new task within the same run. that way, i wont have to purposely end the run after finished mission just to level up. just a suggestion. great game tho!
sethu gokul : this game is not good. more irritating me .wingsuit is most important in the game but its can not be activate dont play this waste game
pizza heaven : super fun and esey so time consuming and the perfect game for eney age.
jack whitley : single click game. very nice visuals. i like it.
lwandle siyabonga : wow this game is amazing the graphics are are the best.the music is relaxing.this game is a must have
rana hassan- 19psb439 : you're just going on your skiing ride, as the season and time of day changes, sometimes, the rocks come by just when it was getting to monotonous and you'd been looking for a jump yourself, and it is a good experience. satisfying when you can do a backflip in the air a little time, away from the ground. only suggestion would be to do something about the llamas, because they just disappear when you hit them and though it says you're collecting them it feels like you're hitting them out the way.
nameless : it is a very good game, excellent graphics but the physics seem a little unrealistic. what i mean is if u land on the bottom of your skis won't you still land, i understand if you landed totally upside down, but if you land just a little bit off center you will lose
akash george : it's one of those few mobile games you can play after you've switched off your brain and play with a zen mode or you can actually do the missions and finish the objectives to unlock new characters. the art design is minimalist style but has a calming and ominous feeling to it. the music this game comes with is absolutely fitting with the gameplay. after i finish this game, i'll download the sequel and play it as well.
lev tokol : really good game, great experience. my phone seems to have run into a bug of some sort though, and i was wondering whether it was just for me. tupa tripped, but then fell into a pit. the game refused to continue on to the run end screen. my guess is that the game couldn't figure out whether i was supposed to survive or not. hope this can be solved!
kigongo francis : wow... this is a nice adventure game with a very good graphics and background music which can help you to relax however some of the tasks are very difficult to accomplish and sometimes you complete them by chance. i thank the developers for the great job done.
elbio : edit: doh! didn't realize i could buy an ad free version, and for only $2. well worth it for this awesome game! happily purchased and i'm in zen mode again. such a good chill game.. until an ad comes up and ruins it. wish games at least gave an option to buy an ad free version.
da'larial ashley-clark : this is one of the good offline pastime games that i look for. but i think,the boosts don't last long enough. about 2 more seconds should do wonders. & the spacing of the linear coins after a ramp, backflip-conducive spot's i try to use for rock hops seems vaguely askew, and i feel like there should be a better choice for cancelling a grind for a power-up or something like that. and if you can pull it off while flying. you should be able to smash through rocks.
gareth schultz : simple, pretty, fun. this is what/how smart phone games should be. beautiful art style and great background music. it is very relaxing, reminds me of a casual free-run in ssx3 i've been looking for a smart phone game like this for awhile. nice to finally find one. many thanks to the team that created this!!! --g
jon moore : great game, but unfortunately it's got bugs. in terms of the 'hover feather' not registering and making alto hover. just turns him blue, but he doesn't hover over rocks. similarly, not registered in clearing challenges. one of these is 'collect both the hover feather and coin magnet in one run' - impossible to do though as the game is not recognising when you pick up both of these perks, essentially meaning you're stuck on that level. suspect the devs have stopped bothering fixing issues.
priyabrata deb : from me!!! i can't describe this game.. it is really awesome, i work as stress buster. according to me the best way to enjoy this game is use your earphones. go to game's settings turn of the music. believe you will feel each and every sound effects like the sound of wind, sound of , sound of bells, sound of rain. it is just awesome...
chester : very relaxing without being boring. the background song is one of my favorite mobile game songs period, it sounds adventurous but chill, and the sound effects are satisfying. does a great job at inverting the concept of ski safari making it a very beautiful slower descent down the hills to catch your escaped lamas as opposed to a chaotic scramble to escape an avalanche. if you liked ski safari, you'll like this game for the exact opposite reasons
nick shea : decent but super annoying. it's really hard and sometimes impossible to see the rocks, with the speed and the buildings you can't see what is ahead in time. it seems like the tracks are randomly generated so sometimes it just plants the rocks in really bad spots as well. i'd say just get rid of the rocks and it would be a much better game.
abhay : nice one game i like that music and those weathers that's feeling so good!
david lee : it's a nice game with the minimum control requirement. i like the music and the graphics. also the option to make an ads free by purchasing is the main reason i'm posting this game. in alto's odyssey thier is no purchasing option to completely kill the ads, which is a no no for me.
ty andrews : the game is fun and i love the art. it's so beautiful. the only problem i have with it immediately is the nighttime background colors are too similar and they blend into each other. it strains my eyes and makes it really difficult to see obstacles, especially when the character goes fast. other than that, this is a really cool game
maezheillyn bernal : relaxing!i was a bit hesitant at first to even download it, thought it was difficult to control, it turned out to be that easy. plus, the characters were fun. the crossing out of the finished tasks were satisfying. an absolutely beyond breathtaking experience
azzie mimi : it's a great game, along with alto's odyssey, though this game is a little bit glitchy, when i play it just suddenly does not translate my taps as jumps and it makes me fail the game all the time, like i can only tap the buttons but not tap to jump, but since this series is a great game, i'll give it 4 stars, hope you guys will make more games like this somehow.
streamer b.t.w : i've played this game for 3 years straight. graphics are literally butter; or just very smoothe. i prefer this one then the original, and i really don't know why. ads aren't too bad, i guess. i play this game on the way to school, back from school, free time, slacking off homework, late up at night; maybe even midnight. i even slack of chores just to play it . anyways, what i like most about this game are the sounds, glider, compass, characters, and the somewhat annihlation of my phones
emma perry : it's so beuatiful, the gameplay, graphics. i was expecting more at first but then i got more in the other mode. it was so beautiful. the simple gameplay, the artstyle and the music. i also loved the weather patterns and the day cycle. truly a game worth playing, it's like the boy glides as he flies upon the snow, i love it.
mr bunni : it's really fun and all but here are the things i find really unfair; 1. rocks at the edge or bottoms of cliffs. 2. rocks at the beggining of ramps. it's really frustrating to have to jump over, slow down, loose momentum and end up either getting caught by an elder or failing a jump, just due to the fact there was an unexpected rock. also there is no such thing as 'zen mode'.
j. kaire : this game is absolutely beautiful in terms of both art style, music, performance and smoothness in playing. i also love the fact that the only place the developers put the ads in was the challenge part, not when your enjoying the game in zen mode, and if you died at the start they didn't give you an ad.
priya kaur : it's a wonderful game.. the game is relaxing and it's easy to level up. the graphics are mind blowing, and the music makes it even more relaxing. if your looking for an offline game that's high graphics and fun, altos adventure is definitely your perfect choice.
kathy johnson : the game forces you into a specific style of gameplay leaving no room for the player to choose their own method of getting down the mountain. try a slower control based style of gameplay? prepare for a man on a llama that can trot faster than you can snowboard down the mountain side. attempt a jump/backflip heavy gamestyle? get ready to fall down a massive gourge since you didn't mantain your speed well enough. whenever you attempt to simply enjoy the mechanics of alto's adventure the game punishes you for it. i admit the game concept had merit, but the games leaderboard system kills any chance of just enjoying the game.
meta xylene : humanity needs more games like this. simple concept but with each passing level, you can pick up the culture and personality of the environment and people within the game. it can get challenging the higher up it goes. and having a llama snowboarding to catch llamas? pure excellent.
ashley earle : i absolutely love this game!! i always play it when i need to chill or just have some downtime. i personally play zen mode because i just need to go and well zen lol and the fact that this game offers a mode that i can do that in a so nice. i also love the music. it is so relaxing and i often fall asleep to just the music. i don't even have to mention the beautiful art that this game has. i have taken so many screenshots when i pause!!! overall, a very wonderful and relaxing game.
didier c. : i like the game, the design is really neat and minimalistic in a great way. however, when the night falls, i stop playing; i can't see anything... is there any incentive to make runs during the night? because it is harder and less enjoyable for me.
ejaz shaikh : hey it's amazing game. i had a small feature which i think can make the game more amazing. you can add an online feature through which friends can do skiing in the game with each other. which i think will make the game more likable.
jaden may : relaxing, generally all around fun. there are some parts such as; "speed, timing, spacing, and spatial differentiality between" that make it that much more difficult (which is a good thing) although it's fun, and amazingly time consuming. you had an hour for lunch, next thing you know you have 5 mins.
virajith perera : absolutely chill and brilliant. this is the only game i played this far. 1. visuals are brilliant. sun rise, sun set, moon shining overhead are just so relaxing. i actually downloaded it for the screenshots and was not disappointed. 2. sense of time, day-night cycle is brilliant. i felt like i have been traveling for says without tiring. 3. music and sfx! sound engineer, take a bow. music was subtle. environment effects were just so real. i felt like it actually rained around me. zen mode!
alolim : good game and i enjoy it, but 2 problems: i got a pop-up ad immediately after finishing a different ad to continue playing after falling, which caused me to fall again. second one is that you can go right through boost items without picking them up if you had just gotten a speed boost from a combo or from an ice patch.
zaar valathin : beautiful art style, fantastic soundtracks, and soothing gameplay. couldn't ask for more! experienced a few game breaking bugs, which are minor inconveniences due to the play style. and felipe's front legs bend the wrong way. but 5/5, i spend so many hours playing this game.
glen jay madenancil : it's a very fun game. it's minimalist background and the whole concept is simply relaxing. this game literally is something i could say that is healthy to play with but of course with not too much exposure to mobile phones. it's background music, the effects and everything in it is simply relaxing and enjoyable. this app sure is good best to it's extent if i were to declare it as.
austin routt : i am not a big fan of mobile gaming, to the point that the entire platform usually irritates me. but i have had this game for years and have made a specific effort to download it each time i get a new phone. i don't get bored with it and stop playing after a while. the team has managed to show heart and care in the design of the game from soundtrack to atmosphere down to the mechanics. it's not a complicated game at all. it is just genuinely good
abdullah ahmed : awesome graphics, music and controls, i like how the music is calm and the gameplay is classic and the graphics are attractive. it's never a waste of time, the ads are worth it as it's not too much nor it's long, if you want my suggestion, alto is perfect to be on your phone.
sarah allison : this game is entertaining! it provides for a very relaxed experience with beautiful visuals. it plays calm music and even provides a free mode where you can just snowboard forever on the smooth terrain. you can play it anywhere without internet and almost ad free! this game is very unique even including a photo mode to show off your cool tricks!
amari lockett : alto's adventure is a great game for 6-12 years. the game is really fun because you get to runaway from elders (that's what they're called in the game) and get points for doing tricks on your snowboard.
:c :d : wish there was more music. there's like this bug when you tap too early and the controls stop working and you have to go out of the game to fix it. for those complaining about ads, turn off your internet. you won't get them but you won't be able to watch for a free save.
archer elms : i love this game. it's amazing and i recommend it to everyone. but every now and then the physics is still a bit wonky. also, main problem i have is that night is way too dark. i can't tell if there are rocks at all. maybe it's just my phone but it's insane how impossible it is to see at night. it's bad in odyssey but it's even worse here :/
shade_takeshi : i love this game, its hard to get the hang of it, but thats the point right? a game thats too easy isn't fun, and it challenges your reflexes and reaction time. the amazing sounds and endless part gives it infinite replay-ability. i have recommended this app to all of my friends and i will continue to do so.
gonckzilla : controller support seems to be broken, pls fix:(
the thinker : overall a very great game love the design love music soundtrack stuff that i found wrong with is that there are time when the character can't jump. it has also left the music on after i turned it off and when i turn off my phone and turn it back on the screen is blurred but overall it is a very well done game
chloe seaman : i cannot even begin to tell you how great this game is! ever since i playing it on an iphone at the verizon store, i was in love with it. this game is so relaxing, calming, smooth ( there have been no lags) the art style is chill, you don't get blown to pieces with ads, and overall it really fun. i have to say though, playing though the night in the game is a bit difficult and elders are too but anyways, thank you for making this game!
shahidur rahman : very good app. you can pass lots of time by playing it
timothy j. holloway : this app is too glitchy. when i tapped to play again, it closed on me instead. this was after i wiped out tapping jump over a cliff with no obstacles but was immediately sucked into the face of the cliff. this is inexcusable for such a well-established app and unforgivable. casual games should just work on android. it's not like this is microsoft office or call of duty, both of which should also work very well. it's not worth watching the ads only to suffer bad gameplay and design.
fabian garcia : okay so i play with the music volume turned all the way down and it's soooo calming and it's a great game to play if you just wanna pass time or if you wanna get into a long session. 10/10 amazing gameplay, i would totally advertise for this game and alto's odyssey, and speaking of advertising, the ad-free is totally worth the price!
conlaed o cearbhallain : beautiful game, just finished it, i can finally finish my work now
baloncesto : a game so pretty i could look at it forever. alto's adventure is a platforming game that have you skating down an enormous mountain while doing flips to make your scarf longer and collecting lamas. the game is breathtakingly butiful with a background that changes the longer you have played rewarding you for your patience with a majestic sunset. the gameplay is fun but not very creative or diverse. you continually do the same thing and the quests aren't rewarding at all. a game like a painting.
neill grieve : love the beauty and simplicity of the game design. wonderful visual experience. but, the frequency of ads within is absurdly high and very clumsy and that more than counters what is on offer. would i pay 5 to offset. not so far. perhaps at 3 i would have.
brian tompkins : the game itself is well crafted and i am a fan of minimalist anything, but when you crash, you revive yourself by either trading in your coins or watching a video. from the intro, you learn coins are essential so you are reluctant to cash them in. for the latter, the videos (ads) are too long and i spent as much time playing as watching ads.
kunal sahni : love this game!!!! but i want to tell u guys there's a bug at level 41.... felipe is unlocked nd i've done 2 missions with it. but after having one run nd when i click on play again the game crashes. also when i restart the game, the missions i have done before are shown as undone. pl look into this matter
agna thalakkal : it's like a really good game. mostly similar to alto's odyssey. it's very addictive and and although it has similar concepts to other games, those other games give me a headache. alto's adventure and alto's odyssey are both really good games. they have this thing were the weather and time change which i haven't seen in other games and it's quite fun having it change. although in night i can't see some rocks but it's okay. a really good game
silver gesbert : this game is unchallenging compared to its followup and there is little content compared to that too, making it even more repetitive than the sequel. the game does look pretty and runs as smooth as butter, but there is nothing much beyond that. again, no point in going beyond unlocking maya. (regarding the first point: catching llamas is so easy that *not catching them is nigh impossible*, unless by accident or by deliberate avoidance.) not bad, but little replay value.
tony lego-master : this game was great and very enjoyable, that is until i completed all the missions and was 2 achievements away from 100%ing this title, however every time i try to sign in to my google play games account, the app keeps crashing on me and prevents me from unlocking my last 2 achievements which were complete all achievements and survive for 3 days straight. i had nearly recieved these achievements, but i was offline when i finished the requisites for them. what will happen to my progress now?
alex thirkell : adverts seem more frequent and more intrusive (lots of loud casino ads for example). with so much paid stuff constantly offered within this old game, it's just greed at this point. also it's impossible to play the game and listen to something else, since it will keep being interrupted by the ads playing after every run.
minhaj ahmed : game is not relaxing. it is quite stressful and can also be difficult. you can easily crash on to rocks or fall off mountains and in to chasms. also, there is no flow. it can be super frustrating to get back up and go and then crash again and again.
tara locke : this is honestly one of my favourite mobile games!! it's very pretty and relaxing to play. my only issue is that on the pixel 6, the button for the wingsuit is right where the camera is so it's pretty much impossible to use. other than that it's a very good game!!
mr. g : don't believe the 5 star ratings hyping it up. this is an extremely basic game where you just keep repeating the same tasks level after level. bored of it by level 3. graphics are a let down and character is about as controllable as a wet carboard box. uninstalled!
salmaa's thoughts : the best game to relax to. it isn't the type of game you play to win but rather to enjoy. super chill, beautiful visuals, smooth animation and overall perfect. would recommend. it's a stunning game.
emmanuel odiowa : the game is fabulous but my problem is that, sometimes the controls freezes when i've played like three or four times straight and when it does, i can't jump the rocks or perform a flip... can fix that glitch please
matthew west : i would give this a higher score but the premium upgrade i'd paid for appears to have disappeared and i am now required to pay again. seems quite suspicious. not sure i could recommend this game again. i wrote for an explanation and could quite possibly change my rating.
asad farraj : this game is so relaxing. the music too, coupled with the gameplay gives you the chill and thrill of true snowboarding in a naturally preserved snow mountain. great controls, and greater concept. it's by far the best game i've played. although i really think the graphics for shadows and effects should improve.
lily tissot : this is honestly one of the best mobile games i've ever played. the art and scenery are breathtaking, the gameplay is fun, and i don't feel forced to be addicted to the game. the ads don't bother me each time i finish a round (unlike most free mobile games) and zen mode is probably the smartest feature i've ever seen in a game (though it'd be nice to have a tutorial on how to find it; i had to look it up). this is a beautiful, non-addictive game that i recommend to everyone.
sandra wong : all right it deserves best iphone game award it gets depressing when you fail over and over but the phrases help with the pain,i wish i wasn't so busy so i can play some more.and hope i get to try snowboarding irl in the future i like the new improvements,perhaps there could be a few seconds to admire the view, every few seconds maybe? or a break or cool down if we've been playing for a while
casey roller : just like alto's odyssey which i love with better visuals and one major downgrade, the feather as a substitute for the lotus. not only are the perks worse but there's a bug where this item doesn't even work half the time. the lotus let you destroy all nearby rocks and you could land a flip at any angle and it auto corrects you. the feather avoids rocks while also avoiding coins and even makes rock destroying objectives harder. but ya the games fun, love the alpacas.
life's a shade of gray : one of the most pleasing arcade games i have played. the visuals are so relaxing in this game it will relieve you off all stress. especially if you play this after returning home from your work.
jameson scott : great game. one thing i would change is the jump control. i would much prefer hold to crouch and release to jump. also have hold duration determine the magnitude of the jump
steve gentry : much like the first adventure, this one's easy for anyone to just grip-it and rip-it. the one thing that is a bit different, and it may just be me, is the auto-zoom... and the overall speed of the game.. otherwise, i'll be playing both of them.
nick m : i'm having such an amazing time playing this. one subtle idea for the zen mode, while in zen mode it'd be great ot have a idle or auto mode - to make the boarder jump over dangers or jump rails. such an amazing asmr waiting to happen!
daniel cristian : after playing many hours this game, i can say that is a little bit addictive but it has a lot of bug and some aspects of gameplay are annoying, there is still a lot of work to do to improve the gameplay. the max speed of elder for example, many times i am passing thru the magnets and they don't take effect like i am missing them (the same with big coins).
andrei picus : gorgeous and relaxing game especially with zen mode where you can't die. i wish some game play elements would be better explained like the elders and the power ups. the ads get annoying after a time and they play after every level, forcing you into buying the full game.
mmm, me : this game is just great. it's an endless runner, at the end of the day. but it's still quite unique! the graphics and music and general atmosphere of the game is amazing! it's quite simple, but in a charming, good way. i especially like that you can do backflips. there's very few ads, so that's quite nice! there's even a zen mode where you can't die! overall, it's quite a nice experience. i could play this for an hour or two a day! i'd recommend it. (obviously.)
lupus lupusovic : while the game is beautifully designed in both terms of looks and gameplay, the goals are redundant and more often than not rely on luck (catch a llama while hovering, for example, is a matter of playing until one runs across a feather and then a llama in the next five seconds or so; same thing with triple backflip - play until the game algorithm generates a long enough descent for you to achieve the backflip). a shame, really.
radhe sanskriti atray : it's very nice game and i have a great experience in it i love this came and also it has a feature that if they are in the online mode we can just turn off the data and play the game in offline mode it also works very smoothly even offline. plus the view and the background music is so relaxing and soothing that we just leave everything annoying it is a great and cool game all should download it.
annie : really nice looking game but the fact that you can't turn off that nighttime happens is so annoying. can't see the rocks to jump over! also takes a while to start back up again (click this, click that) so i can't start up again as quickly as i woild like. other than that it's a cute game.
yn sindhuja : the game fx, music, anime, everything is very relaxing. but challenging the our eyes identifying the rocks. the scatter can go a little slow, because in the blink the rock appars and it's difficult for the game to make a man sit and play, because we fail for evey rock and we have to begin again
vapete 123 : this is a great game .. it would be 100% better if the screen didn't blur between levels and i ended up losing over 600 coins by having to reset the level .. this had happened on multiple occasions and is the reason why i'm sceptical about purchasing the second title in the series .. glitch games don't bode well with me !!
reyaashri suresh : ads are very common in games ,so even though it has ads it doesn't bother ........btw it's fantastic , the graphics the sound the change in day and night are just so aesthetic and relaxing. if you want a game to relax but also interesting this is just for you . i just downloaded it a few days ago and i'm loving it
see ya : gorgeous atmosphere. the music is soothing and swells at just the right moment when the character is soaring through the air. i love the calming vibe of it all. taking pictures in zen mode is fun, especially when i took a pic right when my character is beginning to back flip and the sun is setting. try this game. ^-^
imdiyas ahamed : fantastic sound design, great time killer and may help to asses our own attention span . if want little bit easier, then there is another mode where you can simply enjoy the game. fabulous.
j k : most addicting game ever!! once i started playing, i couldn't get off. i totally recomend the download. its easy, but hard. u get me? like, its easy to jump and flip, but its hard to get really far. its an overall great game, and whoever is reading this should get it. betcha you cant guess who the best gamer is. look back at the 2nd word :)
a google user : a very fantastic app, hats off to the team behind it . the changing of the landscape and the sunset and sunrise are just very amazing features in it. i would recommend everyone,who is in search of an arcade game, to please download it. you will have fun.
dakota whitford : this app is just amazing! the gameplay is simple to understand but not boring, and the graphics are the best i have seen from any game i have played; computer, phone and tv! i don't play many games, and therefore don't ever review them, but this game is a must! love this game, the music, graphics and gameplay makes it a wonderful game to play when stressed out! 5 stars and well deserved!
rajdeep deb : really simple game but an awesome experience
nunya business : this is an amazing game, it's addicting and can be played for hours on end. my only problem is that eventually the game requires you to have a character before even unlocking the character to level up at some point. due to this i am stuck on that level and can only have the first two characters.
g. w. : i love this game! to some people it might get kinda boring after a while. but for me it's just very peaceful, also i really love the graphics. it doesn't really involve that much thinking, just kinda a simple layed back game, very soothing and peaceful. if you're looking for something to just kinda take you away, i recommend it. also you definitely get a much better experience with headphones or earbuds. i love playing this game, really does good for your soul lol.
tom4x : very relaxing and soundtrack too amazing
john mercado : i have been playing this since 2017 but i am still mesmerized by the minimalistic but gorgeous visuals and the peaceful music. overall the game is a 10/10. the graphics, gameplay and controls are great. experience is a huge bonus on this game.
jeffrey clement : this game used to be great. now it's filled with ads.
chitra iyer : i've played everytime, day and night. it still won't get rid of the snowboard at night goal. it never seems to be night in alto land. uninstalling through sheer boredom and frustration.
hope armstrong_ : way too many ads. because the game is hard, you die often which leads to this. yet, because it is challenging, it is entertaining. :)
bobby v : it's true, there's ads that are unskippable every now and then, however, it seems you can pay to remove them. i'm not sure about the continue ads though. those may still be part of the features, it's not exactly clear.
ognjen nedeljov : and thats how the game for phones are made. its not pay to play. you got stuff to buy, but you dont need it. ads are only when you want to continue game. and zen mode with headphones, fantastic! this is the first time i give 5 stars. excellent job and thank you for the most nicest and relaxing game! all the best in other games! cheers
sean wang : alto does exactly what it set out to do: serve up a minimalistic core game loop with a distinct and atmospheric presentation, even including a zen mode to fully emphasize its aesthetics. nothing much to say other than it's a great application to de-stress with: just don't get bored with its simple gameplay.
hugo van der merwe : it costs 2.10 chf to disable ads in switzerland. i'd feel happier at 1 chf, given how simple/small this game is. have a few nice runs, try zen mode, decide how repeatable your enjoyment is. i no longer like chasing fifty sets of arbitrary goals to help replayability. i guess the "zen mode" can show you whether you enjoy simply sliding down the mountain (with jumps and tricks).
jason mills : i genuinely love this game. it's simple and beautiful. however my experience with ads has been unacceptable. it seems like even a single accidental click installs something i'm not interested in having. i understand the need for games to make money from ads. however that should not mean a wrong tap downloads garbage.
din mamma : it's calm and beautiful but still exciting and fast enough for adrenaline! very nice! it has a game mode called "zen mode" which is very calming since it removes the adrenaline game mechanisms. the music is good but sadly i do not use my phone speaker because it's annoying on trains or local places so i do not know much about it, all in all very nice
adrija dey : beautiful this is such an amazing game with spot on aesthetic graphics and with the music this game is just mind blowing and not to forget the zen mode, which is relaxing and refreshing. i was in search of such an aesthetically pleasing game for a long time. glad to find this piece of masterpiece.
lee : great game but be warned about this developer. they routinely add ad heavy features later on once they've gotten purchases from people for extras. before i got the coin doubler there were few ads. now if you want to revive without spending coin you have to endure a 45 second interactive advertisement. filipe is broken - sometimes landing flat on surfaces = crash. last 75,000 objective is totally built around generating ad revenue. i won't touch dare touch alto's odyssey because of this.
michael meroney : fun but too many ads.
jakob degen : loved this game when i played it on my samsung a3 or s9. went back to it just recently now having an s10 and the amount of bugs and glitches is uncountable. feather sometimes doesn't work, game freezes for a short amount of time when picking up an item or getting the wingsuit, coins not being picked up, some goals just don't count etc etc etc
a k : this game is fin to play in the car!very good quality game!
samir alam : the graphics is realistic.
ghostpuppolter : addictive and very fair, i've got to say i don't play many mobile games but this is really fun its very enjoyable and whenever i lose at it i feel like it was my own fault and not the games which can't be said for other games which are pay to win. while you can pay to get better gear in this game you can unlock it all without ever spending a cent. overall fun and a great time killer.
noviian : good graphics, music, satisfying gameplay. but not fun when a village elder chases you and the game doesn't give you anything to outrun them with, which is an inescapable run killer and has happened in 2 out of 3 chases so far
logan rapp : a lot of the problems in odyssey aren't in this game, but i find odyssey more fun. makes sense because this game came first. this game is missing some action with nothing but backflips and grinds when odyssey also has pool skims, dives, wall rides, tornadoes and balloon bounces. this game is easier and has fewer problems, but isn't as fun. it's also filled with long ads. at least you can mute all the ads on odyssey.
boyana mecheva : this used to be one of my favourite games. so calm, good dynamics and story, amazing visuals. you guys have ruined it with your adds every time a run restarts and constantly pushing for in app purchases. plus: huge spoiler on the characters just so you could make a buck for the option of unlocking them. see you when you fix these.
aaron quigley : i was really hoping that this new version of the alto game was going to fix the crappy things with the first version. sadly, this game sucks more. if they would just get rid of the night mode and dial back on the advertisements it would be a great game. no one wants to play a game for a minute and then sit through a 30 second ad everytime they play. a lot of the ads are predatory or they aren't appropriate for kids. fix this game it could be fun!!!
muhammad essam : an amazing game, i really like it .. but i believe it can be better 1. you can add both altoes (adventure and odyssey) in one game and make the background change by score from dessert to snow and the opposite, or you can make them features we choose between them in the game. 2. you can add all the benefits of both altoes together (lotus timer/llama horn/sandboard/..etc). 3. you can add the adults that runs after me in alto's adventure and the lamas we collect in that update that have both games
christian lewis : amazing game. i can't stop playing it. the devs crammed in a surprising amount of depth for a game that essentially uses one button. music and visuals are on point as well. turning off the ads is only two bucks, and this game is worth at least that.
aditya yadav : loving the experience..... i don't know for how much long i have been playing ... the music ,the alluring veiw, the sound of person falling .... it's just damn hypnotic.... kind of attracting and the zen mode is mind blowing. great game . but the ads don't revive alto and not does give 500 coins.
mohammed rouijel : that was the best game in term of gameplay and graphism
joost kleerebezem : so the game is really fun and i am enjoying it. however, there is this annoying bug where the magnet and feather dont work. they first of all dont function (no coin attraction and no hovering) but secondly, they do not register for challengesn involving them, forcing me to spend coins to pass those challenges. this needs to be fixed asap, otherewise i'll probably uninstall soon
riley c : this game is beautifully designed, and the graphics make it so satisfying to play. i really enjoy the simple nature of it, and the relaxing music that the game has! zen mode is loads of fun, because if you get knocked over, you can just continue snowboarding!
existence is pain and i am screaming : fantastic. i have adhd, leading to me not being able to watch youtube videos without being bored. no other games are good to keep my fingers working due to ads, so the zen mode is great for me. it's in the name- it's zen.
mitchell cusimano : beautiful music track, calming and fun. addictive but in a good way. no cons to make you want to buy coins to get a character. you just race down a mountain, jumping and trying to build as much speed and do as many tricks as you can. fantastic game.
fatin_bunbun's : someone help me!!! i do really addicted on this game i do install it just now and played it, it just wow and amazing seriously !! recommended for all and it's really good too to play when your headphones or earphones on and play this game peacefully with cool music, really loved it. the graphics looks like a real art, really stunning and graceful. love the scenery so much and also the controls really easy trust me it's easy and tricky too but it's really fun and relaxing !!!
steve unfred : very much a case of style over substance. tiny objects you need to jump over are masked by a constant stream of trees and other background decorations. it's better about it than alto's odyssey, where nearly everything is in silhouette, but it's still a problem. on top of that, the camera angles too high when jumping, so obstacles on the ground often come into frame too late to judge your jump. i tried to look past this, but it's enough to make the game unplayable. it's quite pretty, though?...
mark erickson : while yes it is calming and soothing to play...for the most part. it's not all that. zen mode is nice and all bit most gamers want a challenge. this is a collecting gems kind of game. sound track is great. game play is cool, in a speed run way. with that in mind it is very fast paced for a "relaxing" game. oh and did i mention the giant alto coin gap...! played for an hour straight, can't jump it. osmosis this is not, now that is a relaxing game
jess dawn : this game and the other (alto's odyssey ) are the best. while others play candy crush i played these. i really recommend it. and if they could bring new characters and tricks (more than back flip only) that would be great.
gio : i really like this game, its pretty simple and relatively easy once you get the hang of it. i actually prefer this version rather that alto's odyssey, due to the fact that its challenges are easier to complete because there are less obstacles. ;)
angela grigoroaia : the latest update has expanded the rendered image causing part of the (useful) view to be hidden behind the pixel 3xl's notch. it's also made accidental touches next to the edge of the screen extremely easy. the game is pretty much unplayable on this phone now which is quite a pity.
lurch logan : absolutely stunningly beautiful game. a piece of art in video game form and easy to maneuver. though the different obstacles & beautiful scenery coming at me at such a fast pace made me dizzy & semi nauseous. it's sad because i really could've delved into this game for hours on end. the music is relaxing as well. keep doing what you're doing noodlecake studios!! 5/5
franz alex gaisie-essilfie : great game but the overabundance of ads takes away from the fun. i get it that the developers have to get some money for the excellent work done but showing an ad after every second or third game is too much. i'd have given 5 stars but for the numerous ads.
greg sleigh : this game is aesthetically amazing, the animation and artwork is pure bliss and inspiring. the only thing i hate about this game is the rocks. this game is very relaxing and pleasing to look at but then all of a sudden you hit into a rock randomly, its very jarring.
august sideways 8 : imo izel and paz need to be balanced out a little bit, as they flip so much slower & don't seem to have anything in their design to outweigh that con. also would like to see the addition of a new trick like a front flip or something. love the game overall though
justin wright : after playing this game for a few weeks i have to say i expected a bit more.unlike the previous version of this game alto's oddydsey i think the pace is much faster,which causes alot of problems.first of all the characters sometimes go so fast that when a jump is activated you sometimes end up over a cliff with you thinking "how exactly did that just happened".secondly the high pace makes it hard to enjoy the scenery of the game and instead causes you to focus too muchon not tryingto makemistake
nadine bruno : another beautiful adventure with alto & friends, don't miss out on this amazing fun game, challenging slip & glide fast ride down slops scoring high points along the way by pulling off a few flips & tricks!! love the beautiful scenes backdropped behind with a wonderful soundtrack, super chill, wicked game, i love alto characters, this game rocks!!
miles johnson : there is a bug at level 55 that states pick up a coin magnet 4 times in one run. i have had runs where i have collected at least twice that in one run but it will never finish the mission. hope to see a fix, thanks.
frank aakvik : nice game. i feel cheated through, because after i "bought" the game, i only get one extension on the run after crashing. the ad version lets you look at videos for several extensions - allowing you to travel further.
shandre janse van rensburg : i really enjoy this game. it got me hooked. but i'm at that stage where you have to smash 2 rocks with one boost, and i jave done it 3 times already, but they don't accept it. i even went and looked on youtube to see if i'm doing it right. anyone else struggled with that mission?
dog in a scarf : i really love this game it can help you go through boredom,i also love the zen mode but it's more challenging when it's the normal mode,i also think that you should add more characters to run from other than the horseman,and please add other bridges, but love the game!!!keep up the good work,
patrick al khoury : this game is amazingly fun and relaxing. the music the scenery the birds the time and weather change. wow it gets you into the game in seconds, its like meditation. my only comment and the only reason i have put 4 stars instead of 5 is that at night i cannot see the characters so i end up bumping into rocks and landcrashing. so i suggest editing the clothing of the characters to make them more visible at night if they are standing or upside down and to distinguish them easily from other objects.
d. travis north : crashing with google play. if i sign into google play, the game crashes. i've been playing this game for years, so i have pretty good progress. this just started happening this week and i'm rather frustrated. hopefully this is a fixable bug
kamaniya m. : this game is a damn good and relaxing game. smooth graphics and enchanting music makes it very awesome. however, missions are a bit hard to achieve but you can always skip it by watching ads. still, i love this game so much.
moran senyor : while playing, i've noticed the game kept crashing 'google play services'. this doesn't happen on other apps and games. and whenever i open the game's 'workshop' menu the game itself crash. i tried the similar game alto's odyssey and had the exact same issues.
francis opena : overall the game is very calming to play. the controls are pretty simple, soundtrack is zen, the graphics is soft to the eyes, and the enemy who chases you every now and then doesn't feel much like a threat but still maintains it's objective to make you go faster and make you excited still.
disamorforming : the atmosphere of this game is all about taking a step back and relaxing, pondering the moment. even if the mechanics are simple, the game is as far from boring as it gets, and every sound, note and background piece is there for you to sit down and enjoy the ride. i cant wait to play this game in a us on a rainy night as i slowly drift to sleep.
amy chandler : i love the game and all the graphics! i love the fact that the time changes and the weather! it's really fun but in my opinion there's to many adds but i turn my data off. i really hate the fact that once i die the next try i can't jump anymore the is why i put two stars. i'm starting to think the reason why is because my phone's a android. :(
rebel childress : it's fun and all but sometime thete is no way to get away from the elder and he just stops you. you don't get to keep your speed so it ends up to be a choppy experience, and if you don't have enough speed you miss jumps and fail. that makes it kind of pointless.
casually relyt : i'm sure that you guys won't ever read this, but i have really bad panic attacks and they have been getting worse. the music in your game, i just put it on and pop in my headphones and just drift away. it is literally the most serene and relaxing thing i've ever heard and the gameplay itself is super simple but super relaxing. no lie, it's gotten me through some really really dark times and i'm super grateful to you guys. thank you all so much.
jonathan lalhmangaihzuala : been over 3 years since i picked this game up and i'm yet to find a game i love half as much. i almost cried when i finished all the levels. there's something absolutely magical about this game, like reading an enid blyton novel. my only request to the developers is to add more levels, alto's odyssey just doesn't have the charm of the original.
casey s. : just discovered that this game has a zen mode, and now i'm totally addicted to it! this is perfect for 15 minutes of downtime to de-stress. i would gladly pay for an upgrade to include the llamas, elders, and similar other features of the "regular" game into zen mode :) alao just buy tupa, it's well worth it. all the other characters have limited skills, and starting with alto was a bit boring at first until i paid for the best character.
philip : the ads ruin it! clicking x still opens the ads!!! fix it! the game itself is nice and fun, ads finance it, makes sense. but these ads are too often (debatable) and when they are done, clicking the x to get back to the game opens them in the browser. this is borderline harassment! a second click after. going back to the game app, clicking the x closes it. so it is intended by the developers to get more money as your click is now also triggering their website. fix it, this is cheap!
thomas symes : watching others play this game i was intrigued, being a student i needed a game to play underneath a table and this was perfect, the controls are super easy, the graphics on a samsung oled display just flew out at me and i was left feeling satisfied as it isn't a money grab whilst also being super playable and worthwhile downloading.
farhath hajra : a big fan of the game, challenges, levels, music are all too good. zen mode for this game is the best! the graphics and the synchronisation is amazing! such a soothing and realistic effect! been my favourite game since the past 4 years!
liam williams : quite satisfying. i feel like i'm too easily interrupted by a crash. i wish there was a continue mode, where the game was not ended upon a crash. just get up and keep going. just like how the tutorial at the start.
paul tony : first of all thanking the developers for providing this game free on android. i love the gameplay and each character has special characters. the levels are very interesting but i recommend to add more obstacles on the way so that it would be more interesting.
nonlinear dragon : ads have become very much more aggressive. if i'd loved this game already through longer ues, i'd say yes you're right, apologies, and pay. new to the game i now find it so intrusive that it's hard to know if i like the game enough to purchase. the aggressive advertising frequency really diminishes my attraction to the content. so might buy, but might dump it. disappointing.
philip shields : a great game at first, the map stays the same but the challenge increases in difficulty quite steeply. most ads don't reward you with coins, a bug in the developers favor. play with internet off as ads are also quite intrusive. fun at first.
cute nightmare : the most relaxing game i have ever played to be honest the music, the weather rain thunderstorms, the sounds of snow boarding and all the night animals. i've seen people talk about ads just turn off your wifi simple then play. i also like the fact that there is a zen mode where you just chill out snowboard enjoy the scenery just it's amazing well done devs well done.
esmi : i loved this game it's fluidity, it's background theme. i loved almost everything, except that it ended. games usually keep going, but once you reach a certain level, there are no more challenges. nothing. please put more challenges.
mohammed mustafa : this was by far the very bestest game i ever played on android. some of the tweaks i want you to add is; make that bunting grinding sound a bit softer and more pleasant. i also think there should be an option in the zen mode to lock a custom weather and time of the day... please make these changes as this is the only game i like on android... * new edit: i would like you to make a cityscape game... i'd really like it!
brendan keegan : pretty good game. just to kill the time and have some fun. good thing is: not a lot of ads at all. it doesn't have much glitch or lag either, so that's another reason this game was good for me. i travel a lot, so it's a really helpful offline game to play on a road trip, or something. to bad i had to delete it due to storage issues. never mind that, do install it. it's really fun, and i highly recommend you at least try it.
gabe leme : i just love this game so much i cannot explain it. it's so calming! its visuals are simply the best. i prefer to play on zen mode the best bcs it's sooo pretty; like when it's night and it has shooting stars, it's raining and this perfect sound track of piano is playing, it calms my thoughts so much, i really needed it. it's also really simple to play and everytime you make a mistake you revive again so you don't get pissed off, i just keep swimming in good thoughts, i really, really love it <3
kerry kaverga : since the last update the game is behaving funny. the graphics are actually shaking or freezing for a split of a set, especially when about to jump off anything. the game is great and lots of fun, but due to this issue, is a bit frustrating. thanks.
ankur singh : the only problem i have is that there are just too many rocks in the zen mode after the first couple of minutes. which is very irritating. either program it to reduce or provide an option to eliminate them completely for the zen mode. overall amazing.
happiestgamer226 : though it's fun at times and super creative, it's filled with bugs, it's broken, characters are unbalanced, and it's also just generally unappealing. the first hour or so of playing are enjoyable, but it just gets less playable from there. items don't work if you zoom by them too fast, deaths are random and unexplained, and the characters don't make that much sense. if you want a better, prettier and more polished version, just play alto's odyssey. it's literally ten times better.
latisya azara : ngl i felt frustrated the first few times i play this game cz i keep dying.. but then i discovered zen mode and after i had some good practice it's actually fun.. not to mention how relaxing it became to play on zen mode with the music and i love how everything went slowmo everytime i backflip over a chasm it's amazing and i cant stop smiling everytime that happens.. i do have a complaint however about how some rocks are just impossible to see esp during nighttime but overall i recommend.
iceofphoenix88 : where can you go wrong with alto? zen mode is relaxing, the graphics are incredible and the gameplay is silky smooth. the music is absoltuely stunning and this game deserves more attention. you can't judge it from the pictures alone. all the reviews are positive and this game has won many awards, from apple and google. there is no reason why you should not have alto's adventure and alto's odyssey installed.
trope adope : awesome game that's definitely worth putting time into. only one thing that needs improvement; there's a bug that pops up every now and again that stops you from jumping. it'll carry over to the next run but if you leave the game and come back it'll be gone.
activate designs : whilst the game may be fun and provide a small challenge... the amount of ad's that are repeatedly served (5-15 second ad's every couple minutes) completely breaks the flow of the game. it makes it hard to recommend the game because of this. yes the option of buying 'the premium experience' is present, but the game is not worth 6 (~$7) and getting a massive boost of 5k coins feels like p2w. for 1.50-2.50 ($2-3) would be fully worth it.
ishan scjijfhd : the aesthetics of this game is just chef's kiss, combined with the relaxing background music, sound of the clicks, the fog-glass interface, this is a really minimalist game with not much to do with the gameplay, but i find myself staring at the screen with this game on just because the aesthetics and musics, great job
goldenfoxy523 : a nice calm game when you have nothing to do or your just feeling down. beautiful 10/10 graphics and the controls are as smooth as possible. the music is natural beautiful and calming and the sfx has a really realistic natural feel. this is one of the most calming games i have ever played.
pizza steve : very relaxing and simple, pretty much the definition of atmospheric. game has no bugs or glitches and runs pretty well on any phone. really good for just relaxing especially on long bus trips or plane trips because it requires no internet.
miadraws things : i really love this game. the regular gameplay is super fun, and the zen mode is really calming. the music is soothing, and the simplistic graphics are absolutely beautiful. the colours work with eachother super well, and over all makes the game just that much better.
psylent rage : brilliant game if you just want to relax, a quick hop-in, but with a nice challenge. beautiful artwork, feels like playing a landscape watercolor painting and the gameplay is reminiscent of old-school arcade racers, auto-sidescroll with timed button-pushing. definitely worth a go! gg! ptl & blessings
lorelei zech : wow i'm speechless this game is amazing i really recommend you try it. the music made me so calm down and the feeling of being free overwhelmed my body it was amazing i love the game i recommend you try it too because it is fun game the graphics are amazing though at night time you cannot see very well so you end up running into rocks but i love that you can stop chasing the llamas and just play free. this game is amazing try it it's awesome if there was 10 stars i'd definitely give it that.
narsis tatalia : simply lovely. i did experience a bug where sometimes the jump function doesn't work as expected and i have to restart application to play perfectly again. please fix but otherwise awesome game! definitely recommended to to other players!
michelle arzul : edit: game now crashes on launch. i tried clearing data, restarting from level 1 works, but signing in to google play games causes it to start crashing again. can't continue. i wish it were possible to disable the day/night cycle and lock it on daytime, because during the night phase i literally can't see anything; i mean i get that it's realistic, but it's really not fun at all guessing where you're going and hoping you don't crash. and no it's not my screen brightness, it's set to maximum.
makanaka abushama : it is really entertaining and fun to play, the graphics and visuals are well created and the challenges are really achievable but also a bit nerve wracking as well you never want to stop playing it! i love it!!!!!!!!
hannah pfaff : i love this game! the visuals are stunning, and other than the occasional difficult challenge (proximity backflips, ugh!), this game is soothing and entertaining no matter how many times you come back to it.
blah blah creations official : great app, just randomly frezzes for a split second on a run but nothing happens as much, when that happens when i nearly do a backflip, i don't get the points and speedboost, also the feather isn't working and i can't past a mission that tells me to hover over a rock, so please fix it.
yan qo : i'm in love with this game it's completely my type of games but there's an issue i've faced almost every time i played the game...an ad's music starts playing in the background without seeing any ad and it happens while playing. i don't know if it's a bug or just my phone but i only have this problem with alto
tja 3209 : the game is awesome and is really relaxing, their are some little things that could be implemented. like if alto jumps, if you hold the left side of your screen he will tilt left and vise versa. the zen mode is also good
justin klima : it was great, now you see advertisements everywhere, i hadn't played this game in a few months and decided to try again, when inlast played this game was virtually ad free, now you are forced to watch videos and see un skippable ads. game was an easy 5/5, with ads its an annoying 2/5 stars.
darknyan gaming : i've just come back from pc because i wanted to try out some apps, and still this game astounds me. i can't really think any other way to phrase this; the game is beautiful. though i had one bug one where i died from falling on a tree an ended up just sitting in midair. plz fix.
jonathan peterson : i love this game. i got it on a whim one day since i was going on a long trip, and it occupied me for most of it. the whole trip was 20 hours long! this game is a perfect mix of soothing music beautiful landscapes, and fun gameplay with good challenges as well. i would even recommend it to people who don't normally play games (either videogames or app games) as it's very relaxing and fun.
jawad rashid : the game is good but the frequency of ads is too high. sometimes i keep getting after every couple of runs which is too annoying. if they decide to change that then i will install the game again but for now a bad experience for a potential good game.
courtney klaft : 5 stars is not enough. its amazing and challenging in a good way its one of those games that doesnt get so impossibly hard that you hate it but is just difficult enough to keep you from walking away. the graphics and game play are phenomenal and just what i was looking for. thank you so much. :d
johannes muller : alto's winter wonder world is beautiful and versatile. the graphics looks natural even it's design is minimalistic. i have only some improvements i would consider to implement. reduce the main menu and make the optimal track more visible with coins.
digitalnaf : great. simple and fun to play. i find it relaxing. the look, feel and sound all just work. ad's only appear once a run is over (occasionally) but can easily and quickly closed. no big deal. i highly recommend it.
joel del conte : this was an amazing game. it has good graphic, controls, and gameplay. but after the release of the sequel atlo's odyssey they started to monetize the game. i support some microtransactions to fund the game and its developers but they added frequent ads and used manipulative strategies like a pay or watch an ad to continue screen after you lose. as a game designer myself i'm mad and disappointed that the developer's greed has ruined such a lovely experience.
jason munoz : pros: delightful graphics/ weather and time changing during the run/ great music/ no intrusive ads/ simple and easy. cons: obstacles are beautifully camouflaged into the scenes very hard to find it, make it almost impossible to look into another part of the screen o just enjoy the background. 50/50 the horse rider ads some adrenaline to the run
pen life : this game is the true meaning of stress killing.. everything, the atmosphere, sound all are sooo good.. for office workers this is a 'must play' game.. finally thank you devs.. along with that : if you find the levels challenging, you can go to zen mode because we can respawn just by touching the screen on the spot where you fell
eric patterson : great art direction and graphics. my biggest gripe is with the controls. it feels disconnected from the character and i wish you had more control over your movement other than pressing on the screen.
hippro : for some reason sometimes when i try to tap to flip the game doesn't register it so i die then afterwards of me lasting 6 seconds i watch a 15 second ad, also the game isnt constant. but besides the bugs the only way to progress is through challenges, and at 1st the challenges were fine but later on the challenges become situational, like "witness three lighting strikes" there is nothing you can do but pay coins to skip the challenge but its 1000 which is a decent amount.
elias hirst : i have anxiety and depression. i downloaded this game to help me relax and it works, the music and scenery is very soothing. i highly recommend it if you just need something to help you wind down, i just play it on zen mode to help me when i'm feeling anxious =^^=
laurence fenix : good things 1. great game, very relaxing had a ton of fun 2. in order to remove the ads the game is offline so just use airplane mode 3. zen mode is great! ps: do it if you want to relax complaints: 1:imo i think it deserves a level system or in other words a level selection screen.
galuh fadilla rizaldi : so smooth. you guys should make another version that has no obstacle. so people can just watch it until they fall asleep. me personally enjoyed watch and play alto when i'm bored. but i quit the game when i hit the obstacle. i play this to relax, not to compete. but, i think you guys know yout audience. i'm just one of many. by the way if you read this, thank you for your time.
a google user : one of my favourite games of all time. this is my second time playing this game. i would love to give 5 stars but recently encountered a bug in which i picked up hover feathers but they didn't have any effect. and it didn't count as completing the goal which is 'pick up a hover feather'.
elitefourdave aman : this game is so perfect its so relaxing and addictive but i have only one problem in my device its a bit laggy and i cant jump even when im pressing the screen i think this is a bug can you guys fix it and one last thing i can suggest in the game is to make the weathers adjustable so that we can choose the weather we want to be in the backround without changing
shubhankar aphale : i could have given more stars but when i opt to watch the ads and after they end when i click the cross in the left corner ..sometimes it suddenly restarts the game ..meaning if i am watching the ad to revive i end up getting lost.. something really should be done about it ..rest is fine
kaia harrison : this game is amazing, it's one of the few good games i can find that aren't filled with ads, the visuals are beautiful and the music is incredible with headphones. i am definitely going to play alto's odyssey and i would absolutely donate.
v -a : after a long tiring day, or after playing action games, i needed something to relax, i was searching for games that is simple, good graphics, relaxing, etc., this game is the best choice for me. i really love the day and night cycle and i really enjoyed the thunderstorm with realistic sound effects.
carnival : the game is good. ads don't trouble those who play zen or switch to aeroplane mode. the one thing that screws this particular game awfully and annoys every time is when you slide at max speed, then jump and fall in canyon you can't do anything to prevent this
avdhoot gole : the game is great ! but i have a problem . since i changed my phone i took this game once again (and on the first phone progress was saved by google play games) and then when i completed tutorial and went to sign in on my acc in settings it signed in ; but all my progress was lost.
joel jed edemekong : i've played alto's odessey....but i like the new features here. the only problem i have is that the controls are not that responsive/sensitive like in odessey. also i would appreciate it if the developers could tweak the physics engine to make the game a bit more faster and sensitive
mantisman : i typically do not like games like these but this was quite the surprise, it only shows ads when you want to see them and the gameplay is enjoyable and relaxing. some of the task are a bit tedious but i cannot fault the game for that. the visuals are cute and i must get my precious felipe, speaking of which. the array of characters is quite nice, each one with their own unique traits. this isn't on a review scale but the merch store is something i haven't really seen in a mobile game.
linda curgenven : a smooth snowboarding game. i restarted the game once i realised i had different players with different skills and after i had figured out how to do things. i used my google rewards to pay the small fee for ad free. now its a lot more fun.
greg greg : its a great game but it can have improvement like that when you jump and you land on a rock you will always bounce no matter what because sometimes i jump and i just barely tuoch the edge of a rock and i'm still in the air and it stops my run also if i have a boost and i jump with it i think it would be better if i had it for all the time in the air and when i touched the ground it would stop other than that it's an amazing game thanks!
lord_kryptarius : it is a cool game, but for me it is a bit frustrating when i crash while i was very clode to landing correctly and at night i have to turn my phones gamma all the way up to see the obstacles. overall a good game.
'- : it's a very fun and addictive game in my opinion. it has nice graphics and also relaxing music and sound effects. especially then zen zone. my only problem is that the players aren't that visible at night. i sometimes get hit by rocks cause i can't see them. i suggest that you make them not that shadowy. but still, its fun to play and relaxing. you get to chase llamas and escape elders. you get to also practice your attentiveness. ''
arpit lahoti : let me say one thing, this is the game that just makes you feel calm and just makes you remember your happy memories when you visited some place. those soft musical notes, those soft crackling noise when you just touch and hover up in the ether when you touch the stones, those soft sound from board and ice and those intermittent lightning punctuating the night, i can go on and on. this game is totally awesome, and i can't compromise on uninstalling this application :)
dabbert0 : i wanted to like this game, but most of the time during play, the jump button will just stop working. which doesn't make sense if you can still pause the game, so their software is bad. i'm sure just below this they'll excuse this away as a problem with my phone, but i play alot of games and none of them have such a problem. can't play the game if you can't control anything. uninstalling.
ella : great game. it's simplistic but very fun and great to past the time. the music is lovely. i only have found 1 problem which is sometimes when i start the game i can't jump so i have to exit out and go back in until it lets me jump. though it may just be a phone problem my touch-sensor thing isn't always the best.
barry beasts : this game is fun and i love playing on long car rides. the next part is to the editors of the game: did you know that your icon is impossible? the person doing the flip would have to be facing left, not right; the person would land the flip backwards to his/her normal position.
hazel baines : it's a really calm and relaxing game, especially in zen mode. i love chaining together long trick combos and trying to achieve the goals. also, the graphics are beautiful and the controls are easy to use.
random stuff : the music is relaxing and the gameplay has a nice one handed feel. it does contain a lot of ads but i normally just turn off wifi and tuen it back on once i'm done playing. would highly recommend. very enjoyable.
river perry : this game is beautiful. the art style is simplistic yet perfect the premise is also simple but its not the entirety of why you should play this game the goal is to catch as many llamas as you can seems unoriginal right? but thats only a side ideal at best. the amazing sound effects, the gorgeous music, and the fun yet calming gamplay is perfect for a mobile device even if you are like me and dont play many mobile games, please give this game a try you wont regret it.
david rickard : this game is a joy to play. the microtransactions are not required to beat the game, but the one-time "no ads" purchase is totally worth it. it's impressive just how engaging and fun it is with such a simple control scheme.
hakimo matata : sometimes game got stuck. still, graphics/controls/music are top, so i continued playing til the end, level 60. ads are annoying but can be removed for some euros. a great game to come back to again and again.
farman ali : this game is really sick. one side it gives you boost by music, graphics, simplicity and on the other side it has bugs and faults in gaming such as- in a point it may or may not jump beyond(valley) the same thing at two different times. still unsatisfied
mayur patil : can you please introduce background music like alto odessey in this one also? one of the best ! i this game bcoz: 1. easy to play for offline purpose. 2. soothing and calming background music. 3. best is zen mode where alto goes on endless journey. no fear of losing, death or collecting points. totally love it.
jaba daba : game is super fun to play. but ads make it crush and almost every time you try to revive by watching ads the game resets to home screen. and that started after last update. unupdate the game and sort it out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
alessandro domeisen : this is a fantastic game! there is just one game-breaking bug... can't jump! all the other tap options work, pausing, settings, shop, character... but the jumping randomly doesn't work for periods at a time. huge shame.
polina sholeninova : i'm not a gamer at all. but i admire alto's adventure. smooth graphics, simple control, peaceful melody, pleasant colors and calm pace. deep respect and thanks to the developers! the game is fun and relaxing in the same time.
belbin : beautiful game. graphics are simple and great. friendly for eyes c: . story is simple i like it. controls are simple too but that's good. simplicity just looks good with this game it's simple but also very detailed. i really enjoy playing it and the music is so calming and good. i love it all the art gameplay and the music. it's cool zen like game to just wnjoy. totally recomend 4.5 stars from me c:
drew rome : the game is great but the only problem i have with it is sometimes the game bugs out and gives me impossible jumps and also the game gives me ads every single game and it's always the same ads so like at least give some different ads but other then that it is a very well made game 9/10 do recommend also zen mode is great i love that aspect of the game hope to see more games like this in the future oh and maybe a little bit easier of quests like it went from jump over a rock to a double flips.
matreintsherde : ads arent very instrusive, and the minimalist design (both gameplay and aesthetics) is on point. i originally thought ads were optional because of how few i saw, but it really isn't that bad. it's not a voodoo game, after all
upper cheeks cheeky : i couldn't stop comparing this game to odyssey and the reason is, because it is not better or at least ok compared to it. there's so much happening on screen, the music is not satisfying, those back flips are so much harder here, the gameplay is loaded, it's just not as simplistic and smooth as the other game though it has nice graphics too.
thomas brotherton : extremely well designed. would recommend. developers: i'm experiencing an issue on my galaxy s9, whenever filipe activates the wing suit the game stalls for a brief second, which can easily result in a death. otherwise the game seems flawless :)
kendrick fisher : while yes it is an artistically beautiful game, the game mechanics and obstacles are awful. for instance, the jump mechanic and the flip mechanic are tied together. you can't just jump without tilting backwards slightly. also, the obstacles blend in too well with the scrolling background making them hard to discern. is that a rock that will kill me, or a harmless tree in the background? you have .3 seconds to find out.
rory hart : fantastic game in every way. you can relax and play casual or try to beat your high score and go competitive. developers can we have a portrait mode for it. (kind of like the google no internet game). maybe a bit easier because you can't see as far ahead idk. pls do this it would be fantastic
prodthereal : ran into this game, installed it today and played it for a couple of hours and i must say, probably the most relaxing game i've ever come across! the scenes are soothing, the music is peaceful and melodic and the gameplay is smooth and the design and overall look of the game is just chill and amazing! love this game!
nodak sims : this game used to be awesome, but i opened it up to play after setting it down for awhile and was blasted by ads. way too many, and i don't want to pay for them to not blow up my phone after each match ends. i'm very disappointed. i have been playing this game for a awhile now and i even bought several in game perks because i enjoyed it so much, but they hit me with this ads nonsense. you already have my money from the microtransactions, stop blowing up my phone with more ads. i am only writing this review because i saw the rating area before i went to uninstall this junk. too many ads. end of story.
richard paitsel : this used to be a great game. revive alto by watching a video. then it was just a video. now it's a video/demo hybrid. which wouldn't be so bad if they worked. it either freezes up or the x won't let you out and just keeps taking you to the play store and you have to force close and restart to get out of it. so annoying!!! then i saw why... while in alto's game store there is an option to pay to remove ads. shameful. sad because i was thinking of getting alto's odyssey. shady...shady...shady!!!
victor knight : great game but theres a few bugs here and there when you crash. i hit a rock just right and landed in a chasm, when i paid the coins to get back up nothing happened... because i was also stuck in a chasm. overall a great game though!
eir olsen : best game ever...!! it was calming, zen mode is awesome.. i always wanted to go snowboarding.. at night under the moonlight... shooting star and all.. and this game gave me the feelings... and it's awesome.. but i wish we could go snowboarding with our friends.. you know like an online match(and zen mode would be us snowboarding with no distraction)
dipsana roy : this game deserves 5 out of 5. lovely, breathtaking sceneries, soul touching music, smooth animations, awesome graphics and easy controls. what's left? i think everyone should try this game at least once.
steven f : the game is enjoyable and would be more relaxing if the ads weren't so long and disruptive. game is frozen on, you guessed it, an ad for another noodle cake game. it sits over the start sequence and won't go away. bye, alto!
a google user : hands down one of the most beautiful games of all time. i spend hours (especially in zen mode) and it complete soothes my mind. gameplay, graphics, music - just one word - beautiful! a big shout out to the devs for their brilliant effort. thanks guys <3
a mayjah music : game is beautiful. other than that sucks ass. backflips turn super slow. no way to front flip to save your landing. the physics engine sucks. you go one speed no matter how high you start out. you feel like landing a double back flip but can't. weak. can barely catch big air. he jumps super late and momentum never builds up. the gameplay feels like it's lagging behind on large hills where he could potentially mind huge gaps. they really should work on it because it has a lot of potential
vrajesh shah : soo many missions which is really hard to get eg. in level 20 for a 3 times back flip there is no wide space or jump to perform the task.. and if the levels are more modified than it would be much a boost in fun... kindly look on it...
vikram jeet : at first it seemed like a normal average game but endless mode feature made me fall in love with this. i just loved the animation of sunrise, sunset, rain and moon night and music is very calming.. i am glad you gave the feature of endless surfing, just you and mountains. good ,excellent work.
stephen greiner : this game is one of the best mobile games i have played, with beautiful artwork,phenominal ambient music, and great sound design. all of this combined with a simple idea and gameplay, it makes for an excellent game with near flawless execution.
friend last : i love the way this game relaxes my soul deeply if u are looking for a game well here it is i never had a one thing i can say my favourite but well guess my boring journey ends here and my new adventure starts with alto's. :) and u did a master piece and please keep it up with the music and the graphics it's spectacular and when i say this don't stop making it more extravagant :) so that i and we will keep up with ur updates ;) enjoyed it loved it greeeeeeeat music with flawless graphics!
atharva dixit : the best game ever played. great physics, idea and overall performance of the game is just great. but one thing i encountered that as a beginner, ads were not a problem. but the more you play, the more often the ads will pop up. this is the only problem i have, otherwise i love this game.
matt brumit : pretty game but terrible experience. the one button (touching the screen) is actually two controls. you jump and spin by touching anywhere on the screen. the character can only land if you're board is parallel to the ground, so you can only flip on big jumps. the rotation speed is way too slow and instead of offering upgrades that you can purchase with the coins you earn in the game, they only sell you upgrades for purchase with actual money. really? awful game.
shelby hawley : it is really hard for me to get addicted to a game, but you've done it. the day/night cycle is beautiful, and the occasional gentle rain mixed with the stunning music is incredible. well done on the graphics. they are simple yet complex in the way only few can accomplish.
agassi joel : i love this game. this is super cool and stress relief. the graphics are crispy and nice. nice visualisations. keep giving us more games of this kind. the colors background music themes are awesome. best time pass game .
shelle outlaw : great app, love the game and its a great way to pass time during downtimes, but everytime i open the app it crashes immediately. the farthest i've gotten with the game now is probably the loading screen, and then it immediately crashes.
sheryl del conte : i love this game. it has nice graphics and fun zen gameplay, but it's disgusting how they let ads and micro transactions ruin the game. even though it's more profitable it shows there's no heart. i would recommend cosmetic purchases because i know a game is a business. i'm disappointed.
dolst : i feel like i must be one of the few people who's missing something about this game. a brief tutorial at the beginning seems to make things clear, but a day later i'm not able to jump chasms, i'm constantly crashing, and it's all just more annoying and cryptic than fun. the graphics and music are great. the animation is smooth and engaging. it seems like the kind of game i should like. i want to like it. i feel kind of guilty uninstalling it. it's just not for me i guess. surf wisely.
naura tuhfa : it runs smoothly on my phone. no annoying ads between every level or in the middle of the game. it also somehow very soothing, especially the rain part. the sound that it make when you tap something is kinda soothing as well. great game.
cjchicken : controls are simple, the graphics are beautiful, the music is beautiful, and the challenges are challenging enough to be fun but not so challenging that they can't be completed. the while idea of this game is honestly beautiful.
alex frentz : it's a really satisfying game, just because of the gravity and movement, also the music and colors. one complaint, the advertisements are *really* loud and obnoxious, the volume jumps several notches.
nate : a very beautiful, simple game, with an amazing art style and simple controls. the music is peaceful yet adventurous, and the game is jam packed with cool characters and items.
jim ponz : starts off nice and relaxing.. level 20: ad spam. level 30: death spam to get you to watch ad spam. game literally changes its mechanics to obtain more revenue from ads ( the characters speed and physics change so it crashes more often). uninstall graveyard. p.s. always used the 2nd unlock able character, that's how i noticed the physics change
sam more : just relaxing game, great ost and the changing of day to night just deal so realistic. if u r finding a game to relax i would prefer this one. every thing is good about this game just one thing i dislike is the ads that pop up while playing, but when u will start playing u will not bother about the ads. such a great game.
rikki : once i figured out the work-around for ads, i became obsessed with this game. absolutely love it. and i love that i can play with norwegian set. only issue i have now is that lvl55 can't advance: i've already gotten a coin magnet 4 times in one go like five times and it never registers it. :\
liam paes : i really really love this game. i only have 1 suggestion. could you make a mode in which alto just goes down a mountain with no obstacles or anything. you just admire the beauty of the game world and relax while listening to the soundtrack. i would really love that as well. i love the beauty of the map and the simplicity of the game and the soundtrack.
ava gabbert : amazing game! super fun, really relaxing. the zen mode is so awesome! it really helps with anxiety and since everyone is going through stress right now, i highly recommend. you will not regret getting this game. beautiful music, and the sunrises and sunsets are stunning. great job overall.
miracle abaye : i'll tell you why i gave you five star. story boarding. clean and a unique user interface, nice music playing in the background. the weather seasons. oh i love the weather seasons. selection of different characters. i just love this game.
ismail kahraman : game was great until the ads are becoming a nuisance, i am fine to see the ads but they are aggressivre and a few times caused me to loose the progress when i clicked the revive, the ad has halted the game somehow and i had to start all from start. done, reinstalling.
tony r. : one of my favorite games but now it has these ads that i can't stand! as i remembered, it didn't have these annoying ads when i first installed this game. anyways, it's a good time killer minus annoying ads!
eric palmer : i got so far. really far in the game. playing for almost 55 minutes straight and the app closes. this isn't the first nor second nor fifth time. i cant help to think its supposed to happen once you're doing to good in one run. download only if you are willing to be upset or frustrated
kevon tadiwa : i have no complaints with the game at all. it's a satisfying game, tho i hate it when i do awesome back flips and slow down hence crashing. hope it also improve on having front flips or something. the sound is also great
sabrina mcdonnell : fantastic game, i love everything about it. the one and only thing i wish it had was an option to disable nighttime, because with my job i have a lot of free time but i'm outside in the sun, and the glare makes it impossible to see during in-game night
pratham arc : loved the game. absolutely loved it. made me soooo excited for the sequel as well. very smooth. very comfortable. nothing that's unnecessary. very relaxing. accompanied by beautiful music and stunning animation and graphics. really deserves 5 stars.
31_silvia dwi hanjani : i personally like this game. it's entertaining, thrilling, yet relaxing. the only thing i quite dislike about this game is the rocks. at night i could barely see the rocks, and could hardly distinguish the rocks and small trees. please do something about it, make the rocks clearer or something. thank you.
luke fothergill : it's a great game to help you unwind especially when played with ear buds as the audio is amazing. i just wish they had a version with no rocks to fall over cause we just wanna chill listen to the soundeffects and pull some neet tricks when were high
abhishek vishwakarma : one of the best graphics in such a small size game. loved the minimalist graphics. but the best part is the background melody. i mean sometimes i just play this game to just get some sound sleep and sweet dreams. want to give six stars to this game.
bernijane asis : the graphics are smooth, the music is relaxing and i use this to play during free times. it's not that bad too i like relaxing games that doesn't stress me out or make me ruin my phone screen due to the goals or challenges that's needed to be achieved
rajat raman : its amazing and those pleasant background music is out of this world which takes me to heaven but there's only one problem and that's never ending run even if you complete the goals.you developers should change the goals into stages or level and those who love s surfing in a endless loop they should play free mode with headphones you will never fell even if you collide against those pathetic rocks!
hari ch : by far the best game i have ever played although many ads ruin the game. noodlecake studios did a fantastic job on this game and the music is just too good and relaxing.if you are a stressed person i recommend this game to you. the textures are also really good.overall this game is perfect for all ages and i really think noodlecake should remove the ads and i recommend you to buy this game.
soap js : i really like this game. it has very nice sounds and graphics i would like some improvements in controls some times controls are kind of unresponsive like you cant jump as quick as you press the jump key but overall the game is awesome!
ayusuman paikray : one of the best relaxing casual games. i spend my free time playing this game. the game is with limied features but its visuals are really interesting. another special about this game is its music sounds which are really so good and also relaxing.
smashua grimhammer : it's fun the first handful of times but with only one stage and only one music track, it gets very old very fast. thought the advertising would be correct but it's just another downhill game.
megamind blue : the touch stops working unpredictably while playing and resumes working once i press pause and resume. it's not a fun experience to have to pause the game and resume it every once in a while to get your controls back and oh god, the frustration when you're just about to kick the ramp at the most perfect moment for an epic backflip over the chasm and you find out that your controls are not working and you just fall to a miserable death into the snowy abyss fix it
xeane 74 : i played a lot games but this one really stands out for its calmness and peaceful music .i really like the way it is designed . every time i play it feels different ..... overall best game after work hours.... suggestions:it would be better if there were different modes like play with friends online. and new bgms
justin chavez : this is a fun game, but the support is horrible. i paid for the premium upgrade to not see ads. it worked for about a day. then ads started showing up. it seems that ads show up after every run. i have contacted support , but have not had any response. i'm very disappointed.
usernames _suck_2 : alto's adventure is an amazing game. but there is one problem, the game freezes. therefore i have to exit the game, and when i go back in it deletes all my progress.
aurora_boketto : it's fun, challenging and rewarding^^ the more u play the better u get! and it's helped be a great distraction from all the bad things going on currently great game!! only thing i found hard were the backflips , but he faster u get the easier they become :)
richard weiss : accidentally tapped and opened game during a meeting, then wanted to close it but couldn't find any way to quit or return to home screen. gesture controls to eg go back didn't work. had to restart phone to regain control of it. maybe there was a quick non-intuitive way (at least for me) to escape from this very irritating situation but it doesn't matter since this malware is getting uninstalled.
infotechz : may this game and the developers live for about a zillion years, this game is just ''unexplainably'' relaxing. the music is soo stunning!! the graphics are incredibly soothing, just everything about this game is perfect and awesome!! even the alto's odyssey is the same!! thank you for this game.
jamshed abbas : omg!!! i love this game! you either go on zen mode,or chose to chase the lamas. but this game has it's own flaws. it has not enough characters,and there is only one map. please add more maps,and characters. thanks.
aamir : it is a nice game. the best part i like is the music. it is so relaxing. the way the hill weather is shown to be changing is also very relaxing. i feel like it is a wonderful medicine for anxiety. this game has limited features but i feel that it is a plus point.
suhana _ : relaxing game. the music's great, the graphics are great and the controls are easy. i thought i would install it in my not-so-smooth tablet. i expected it to lag or crash but it didn't! i love it!
eleanor rose : calming, beautiful, and the zen mode is great for play. i love the soundtrack and graphics, and it is easy to understand how to use. the ads can get a little annoying, but does not ruin the gameplay at all.
serenity canales : i havent gotten too far but decently far. and it is so relaxing yet challenging. there is a story yet it looks so simple. i honesty just live this game and it isnt full of ads unless you want some coins or need to revive him but i usually dont unless i got angry i lost
paranormal : the game is good. ads are a bit obnoxious but it's great nonetheless. the graphics are quite pleasant and the game itself is quite calming and a good way to pass time. one thing i'd like is a more intense song that you hear when you're getting chased. but other than that i don't have any problems.
deadlyjaguar89 : really fun, it's the same, just running but the challenges can be difficult so it's not bad at all. i always play it on the bus to school because i don't have mobile data so i can only use non internet stuff. this is really good and you should install it.
seb skelton-foord : this game is so relaxing!! playing with headphones really does make a huge difference, as the music played in the background really seems to have an impact on your playing experience!! 100% would reccomend!
prashant bhandari : use headphones........ it's a whole different experience with headphones on. the graphics are really good.... kinda peaceful. best upgrade you can get here is 'wingsuit'. i'll recommend save coins from the start... don't upgrade magnet time or hover time. just unlock wingsuit and play.
lupin barks : i like the game: the graphics, the music, the gameplay. but sometimes i becoming bored. and there's no other tricks besides backflip or something or an option to change into skis.
iqra ahmed pandit : now this is what i call a proper game . proper controls , great graphic and relaxing like 10 minutes ago i downloaded it and from the start i loved it . just a small tip bring new maps and pls let us have some characters for free by coins in the game
ritika koutarapu : i'm having trouble opening the game. i really enjoyed playing it till the 31st level ( i would have given the game 5 stars if i had rated it before), but i'm stuck now because the game doesn't open ? i'm not sure if i should delete and reinstall it as i don't want to lose my progress. so it just sucks now.
brian torres : this is the most relaxing game i've ever played especially the endless mode. i've been playing it for quite a while now. it is easy-to-play and user-friendly. the graphics is great. it's simple yet awesome. go ahead and try!
cole deboer : fun and relaxing game. i do wish the warning signs for the chasms were much further back though. it's kind of annoying when you jump and then a chasm comes into sight that you fall directly into. the hover power up sometimes doesn't work as well.
nico roma : when i first used this game years ago. the game was really relaxing, and there were no annoying adds, now is not nice to switch between a nice music into a loud noice forced for 30 seconds every time you loose. i konw i can buy it, but it used to be free with out adds an nothing changed except for the fact that now they want to make money with no extra effor. really sad.
oniyokox : frustrating mechanics. no way to tell if your backflips will land, because there's no way to tell where the ground is after most big jumps, and no way to back out of a flip if you hold your jumps just a fraction of a second too long.
andrew : boring and unfair. all you can do is slowly backflip. often times you initiate a backflip only to crash because the next slope, that you couldn't see, was too shallow for you to make the landing. obviously this is to prompt you to watch an ad. plenty of games on the app store that play the same and better.
nhat minh le : great game overall, but with a very frustrating bug. some time i just can't jump at all, game still running and still can use fly jacket, but just can't jump. using a s20 ultra snapdragon if it helps fixing the bug.
xxxtenholyion : it's an okay game but for some reason it wouldn't allow me to jump. everytime i pressed, hold, and/or tap he wouldn't jump. also i feel like this is a game centered around money due to the ads, the in-app purchases and the lack of game play. i personally wouldn't recommend.
mahesh thule : best endless arcade game! the graphics and visuals are magical. the best part of games like this is that they don't want the user to think more and more about the gameplay ,i.e zero complexity of the gameplay. soundtrack of this game is soothing. true master piece.
bhargav patel : as an illustrator myself, i love the work on minimal aesthetics on scenery. these soothing pastel colors filling each and every frame with aesthetic imagery really prove a deep influence in our mind. can't describe the beauty of zen mode. it's just beyond words. that soulful music, i can listen endlessly. and the freedom of carelessness that the music offers, makes me play the zen mode for hours and hours. really in love with both of your games, guys! hope to see another installment...
david ickes : from the music, to the game play, to the visual aesthetics, this games dose it all so well. they tool the original altos adventure & some how made it even better. can't get enough of this game, i love it.
eduardo alvarez : very pleasant. great graphics. love the style of the artwork but i just hate the control scheme. you can't add stats to the character for better movement or speed. the wonky controls though simple are boring and uninteresting. there's adventure in the title but youre really just in an endless scroll loop games. they're level which unlock new riders but i have no idea what level i am. this game looses its charm after about 10 minutes of game time.
azizah abdul rahman : i love the game the music is beautiful and the background was epic. i don't like the adventure mode cuz it needs to do so much stuff and zen mode is a next level stuff! i rate it: (drumroll and stop) 5 stars! (even tho it has brutal fail)!
atanu : at first the game seems to be very pleasant and mind refreshing,but after level 11 everything seems to be disturbing .too much obstacles come into play to slow down the progress and the chasms are aweful special at night or storm mode and without luck you can't get rid of them. loved it at first but after some time i was totally frustrated with too much things in the way specially when the lights get low.
shivam pardeshi : nice music, relaxing gameplay. i always play this game when i am most stressed. it works like stress-relieving charm. it is also one of the best timekiller. nice. love from me noodlecake studios. please make more games like this (alto's odyssey is a great game too). please don't let the negative comments affect you. i have a small tablet of 1 gb ram,but still this game runs smoothly. i really recommend you to try it first.
shrey : this is just gaming gold . you can play for hours and still not be bored . this is game is very relaxing. but still has a high skill ceiling , making sure you can grind points and do the countless objectives given in this game and still find room to improve and beat your previous high score . p.s. (for the devs) if you go too fast the powerups dont work and u cant collect coin
andrei marchis : i had a lot of fun playing it, and i would rate it 5 stars if it hadn't had crashed every damn time since like, maybe 4 days ago. even tried uninstalling it and getting it again, still not workingplease fix it
stephanie : i got quite bored in 5 minutes and it's a bit like pac man rush but i enjoyed the "rush" of pac man greatly whereas this game was quite passive, dark screen and repetitive and when i was asked if i wanted to watch an advert to continue (in less than 3 minutes) i just thought no way ! uninstalled.
8f48vinayakprathap : i really like this game. one of the most relaxing game i've played. all the animation..the background music makes the game more good. no ads. which is good. the time change in the game you the morning,noon, evening and night and the raining effect.. thunderstorms....this game is really cool. i love to this game.
adjamaja minsmog : the game is pretty easy. but the actual way of enjoying the game is to turn music off and sound effects at max volume. just listening to your character ski in the snow is just very nice.
mxchii : this has been my favorite game since 2018 or something around that; i love it, but i erased my phone because i had wayyyy to much things... i also accidentally also deleted alto... still my favorite game although i'm typing this in 2020 (c a r o n a timee) i really recommend this game 5 star game period. nice, calming but cool music you can listen to while you play, also an endless game but you can stop whenever you feel like! skins, music, landscaping (different types of places), fun, etc.
lee gowans : awesome game, can get a little frustrating in later levels as some of the objectives are kinda random and impossible to predict. otherwise awesome graphics, great controls, soundtrack is perfect and has a lot of longevity
sl. space : very nice graphics, smooth the only problem is, it is personal opinion no multiple player and less places but games play is good very beautiful creative and tasking game, sound effects is relaxing and the game playing it very attractive for girls, when you play this around of some people, thay all will look at in to your phone, i like this game very much
i don't know k : it's absolutely gorgeous and the music so calming, it's a little hard to get the hand of at the beginning but once you get a hand of it it's amazing, and zen mode is absolutely amazing, and i just love everything about it!!
t. p. : been a fan of this game since it launched. it's a beautiful game with a fantastic sound track. easy to lose track of time playing. but... they place ads all over the place. and it really kills the mood of the game, which is a shame bc this game is quite unique. sad to see it go, but i'm tired of the ads. so goodbye.
rahul p menon : awesome game with really cool background music. the gameplay is engaging and the seasons and weather change is also pretty good. really simple gameplay (doesn't always mean easy) but the music and the effects really sell you in.
the dootster : a very great game for relaxing, due to its amazing soundtrack. very beautiful in terms of graphics, smooth in terms of controls, and a great game overall. highly recommended!
akshit chaturvedi : a great stress reliever! i've played all sorts of innovative games but in none of them did i find music which works in tandem with the game . the perfect combination of music and video makes this game all the more fun .
candra wijaya : play it when u feel upset, i hope it's help. i already downloaded this game for a several times. i love this games, i enjoyed the beautiful graphics and the wonderful soundtrack. hope u will make more game like this, or maybe you can make one app which contains alto's odyssey too. so we don't need to download it again. i'm so sorry for my bad english, but i hope u understand what i meant. thanks...
ian james : a very relaxing game to play. the graphics & sound effects are top notch. i do find the ads a little intrusive but it doesn't detract from the overall quality. one of the better games out there, at least for a non-gamer like myself.
nuisance penguin : pretty fun! nice thing to play if you want to also pay attention to something else. i used to play this while watching seinfeld (obviously recently, not when it was on...), so it's not very distracting. the graphics are incredible though, super nice!
paul bramhall : love this game really love it but its ruined by long adverts that are way louder than the game. i'd happily pay for a full ad free version like i did with the 1st alto its not available. some of the game ads i cant close, takes me to play store. have to close alto and restart, cant get off the advert screen. shame really. will be deleting this from my kids devices, ads arent always appropriate, tinder, leather clad older women that apparently never say no!
raven young : 2 stars for nice graphics and music. controls are janky, half the time it doesn't register the jumps in time, so you crash a lot despite you timing them well. also there's a speed mechanic and you need speed to get over chasms, which means if you don't have that speed you can't make it across them which then causes you to fail by default. also i've never had a game with a flip mechanic where the flip is ridiculously slow. makes it hard to time tricks, so you crash a lot then too.
sebastian voinea : this game is amazing!!! i love the characters, the graphics, the music, the sound, everything! i also like that the game has no ads except for the ones that give you in-game things. the only thing that will make this game 6/5 stars is if you can buy characters with coins.
isaiah jones : this game let me down as a fan of alto's odyssey. there's a huge drop in animation and the sound design isn't as good as the previous game(although that may be just personal preference).
kiefer swistak : this game is the most beautiful game i've ever played. i've probably taken around 20 screenshots so far and i haven't even had it for 24 hours. the zen mode is really good to practice in. i would recommend that before the main challenges to get your skill up. amazing game!
kostiskat : i have been playing this game for months now. what can i say.. the gameplay experience is exceptional, not hard to understand at all. secondly, the hd graphics really add something to the game. i like the chill music and the night mood in the game.. it makes me stay up until late. finally, the controls could not be more simple. all you need to do is tap your screen. but i am not going to ruin your experience. go ahead and give it a try for yourself.
nathanandrachel cintula : very interesting premise and enjoyable gameplay. great visual style. great transition screen style. it creates a cozy personal ambience that is very relaxing. zen mode is a smart feature.
tadrushi jani : one of my most favourite games! have been playing for years. beautiful graphics, wonderful music and perfect amount of challenges and tasks. it is a great game.
joao lucas lages : the adds are overwhelming. some is ok, many are tolerable, but not this much. and the game asks for much more than it's worth to remove said adds. and even worse. it occasionally it removes sone of your progress! as if i wouldn't noticed i completed the nigh impossible mission you gave me!
syami : this game is fun and all, but the obstacles are not. sometimes, i can't see the incoming rock or campfire because they are blended in with the background, especially at night. maybe put a coin trail above them to at least make them more visible.
ernesto estrada : great game, but lackluster customer support. i had to do a factory reset of my note 10+ and lost all my progress. i emailed support 2 weeks ago and havven't heard anything from them. i'm willing to replay, but disheartened to have lost my achievements.
narwalice __________ : oh my gosh, this game is amazing, it so peaceful, i love the feature of the zen mode and how you can just go without having to do any tasks or anything.. just peaceful. this game is so beautiful as well whoever made the designs and art needs a raise. i played 5 minutes of the game and it's already my favorite ever,. i'm gonna sare this with my friends.
jill : the controls are super easy and it's fun to collect items and meet goals. i admit i get a little addicted. plus, the graphics are great. really helps hone my reflexes.
ziro : the screen is always zoomed in too much, making for much unpredictability and many unsatisfying gameplay moments. this game's redeeming factors are it's simplistic yet unique art paired with incredible music.
yahia mohamed : the game is so nice but there is a problem sometimes when i open the game, it seems like the screen is not working and i keep clicking on it to jump but nothing happen, so i have every time to close the game and open it again!!!!!!!
valeria godoy : i love this game. it's beautiful, magic, easy to play and so relaxing, the music is unforgettable and touching and the sceneries are a piece of art. actually you can't describe it only with words, you have to try it!
fernando martinez najera : yes, both the visuals and music are artistic and the controls are simple, still has it's bugs, like any other app (the screen freezes when you grab a feather, the character won't jump when you tap, etc). however, the really annoying thing are not bugs but pusposely designed flaws to make the challenges "harder".
kimberly rutherford : super calming, very pretty, and had great music and atmosphere. i lobe when its raining in the game its so beautiful and its like an actual rainy day. and zen mode is good if you die a lot or dpnt want the sound of things you hit to disturb the peaceful music and weather sounds of the game. its a very good game i highly recomemd it if you like music, pretty things, and weathery things. and as you play the game days actually pass and you see sunset and sunrise and the moon and weather changes too
muhamad fathan giovani : amazing arttttt!!!! but there was a bug, that when i wanted to take a photo, the gameplay turned blue on the screen, and only the sound. i have to restart the level first, then return to normal. thank you for creating this game
manmakerman : great game. i've found the challenges are challenging, which i think is pretty good, but recently it's been crashing for seemingly no reason. would give it 5 stars if not for this problem!
timothy womble : though i tend to avoid "endless runner" games, this one caught my eye and proved to be surprisingly good. the controls are simple and well-done and the overall atmosphere can be very therapeutic. a remarkable game.
morecado : the menus need to be faster and snappier. they're so slow that it completely takes you out if the "flow" created by the game. no one wants to spend unnecessary time in the menu.
jksonblkson : very nostalgia inducing and calming, amazing minimalistic graphics and great sound design, but it doesnt run very well on my phone, i get about 20 fps max. it recently released on xbox, too. i just wish it was cheaper...
aditya yagic : i have played so many games before, which have action, adventure, etc. but alto's adventure is best stress removal game. i like it's sounds, zen mode and diffrent type of tasks at every level.
william morrell : i have both games. love them. i've recommended them to dozens of people. the ads are now out of control. i know you guys gotta get paid - but jesus. it's almost impossible to play. i realize i should shut up and buy it, and that's what i'm going to do, because i love them, but the free version ropes people in, and it's no longer relaxing and serene. it's...all that stupid dude with the mustache getting lava dumped on him between every level. maybe tweak.
celora walker : all around an amazing game, i love the animation and the characters, but after you reach tupa (level 51) it's sort of a soft lock, although i guess you can download the next alto game. super relaxing, i love the zen mode
eli davis : it's a beautiful little rider game where you can do backflips and smaller tricks to get boosts the art is really nice and the music is relaxing and i'm a big fan of zen mode as well as constantly trying to best my high score!
mooniversal 3875592847 : amazing! the game is sooo cool i love the music. it relaxed me so much! love it. no annoying ads. simple concept and controls, smooth animations and gameplay. good graphics.
mcvien geeron sampana : i like the game, its fun and all. but when i obtain one of the power-ups in the game, it sometimes lags and the power-up wont take effect anymore. but still, its a fun game.
flo's foods : what can i say? this game is perfect! the visuals and music are everything and i really enjoyed it. i would maybe give you an option to buy the other characters with in-game money but overall this app is one of my favourites :)
dinkesh jain : it's just perfect!!! relaxing, non addictive, wholesome, challenging and everything i can think of. and a big kudos to the graphic designers. just epic graphics!! totally satisfied.
elijah gribble : it gets old after a while but good high quality game
skyler shelton : great game, but sometimes the hover feathers don't work. not a big deal, but frustrating when you need it to work to get one of the achievements or whatever.
ryan zellmer : great game, very well donr. continues to be interesting longer than you would expect. one of the few games i actually like the sound on for. free with minimal ads that do not get annoying.
ab manan : this is a awesome game and have no words to describe it's franchise which is a editor's choice "alto's odyssey", talking about its graphics are amazing, gameplay great, effects are such a beauty..... and thank you guys for creating this unique game i appreciate your creative, i love it thank you guys you did a great job.
matthew kenison : low this game. nice and relaxing. the coins are weird though. the end said 463x10 but only gave me 463 coins. in order to upgrade you have to watch a ton of ads. other than that, it's good.
d mukherjee : really loved the game and decided to purchase the premium version, which promised to remove the ads and give 5,000 coins. however never received the coins, and contacting the customer support didn't help either. hence two stars.
vivek ambekar : this game came into my life when i was going through depression. i felt so relaxed playing this.l especially zen mode. the music is soothing and peaceful. the message i took from playing in zen mode is no matter what you always have second chances. if you fall pick yourself up dust yourself off and move on. nothing is more beautiful than journey itself not even the destination. zen mode is all about this. this helped me gain my self confidence back. helped me through my tough times. thank you.
chubi adah : this is the best game ever. it was very difficult for me to rate this game because my eyes were glued to alto's adventure. the game would be better if there were many more characters, and also that you don't unlock bought buy them with coins.
william colbert : this is a beautiful, yet disappointing game with confusing mechanics and inconsistencies. it is unclear how you are suppsed to jump and clear the chasms as i fell to my death multiple times even with an extended scarf. the power ups are very limited unless you purchase them via a microtransaction. to its credit, the imagery is wonderful. it's a shame the game play is not....
ierfal imposter : i love the app i love the zen mode i love the llamas i basically love everything. one thing i think could be changed is something about the zen mode where you can add llamas so you're still on the objective/point of the game. it's very calming, and whenever i get bored i play this. i love the men you run past when you get far off in the game. keep up the great work!
lucas steer : beautiful graphics and effects. beautiful music and effects. fun for gameplay, interesting unlocks with enough depth and good pacing. really solid fun game that can be quite calming and fun to play or you can try and go for extra tricks to make it more intense.
arjun chang : amazing game... but character goes out of screen sometimes when using wingsuit... also would be better if we could change locating of wingsuit icon... other than that it's very relaxing and enjoyable.
persis foyober : absolutely fantastic game very unique and different experience very satisfying. but i do wish there were fewer rocks appearance around, there would be fewer crashes.
aasritha vegesena : this a very nice game. no complex rules or controls , good controls (fluid like) , amazing bgm. basically amazing, all in one. so relaxing and no ads.so basically you can replace your therapist with the zen mode in this game
idk fitz : i love this game, the simplistic art style rly hit different, the music and sound effects are on point, also it's good for passing the time. this game rly puts you at ease and completely removes any built up stress.:)
nicholas siew : good game overall. the only comment is: what's the point of the blue feather power-up if it doesn't work all the time? one moment it chooses to work, the next time it doesn't work and you crash over a rock or something else.
gavin drumm : i love the game, however there is a glitch with the float feather that makes it so i hit a rock or other obstacle and my run is ended, despite the fact i should be floating over them. this then makes one of my objectives "float over a rock" impossible.
dializbeth ortiz : i used to like this game. it helps me with moments of anxiety. it is peaceful. until the ad popped. i'm sorry but, it was perfect without ads. my mind used to relax. now is not that satisfactory. i hate when games are strongly good at first and then creators can't stop seeking for money into it. because that's what publicity is. uninstalled.
nammavar kamal haasan : this is one of the beautiful game i have ever played. and i love its simplicity. i had a bad day and my friend recommended me to play this game at zen mode at night. i just grabbed my headphones and played for 30 mins in zen mode and i was so relaxed. i always play at zen mode to get relaxed. i purchased the adless version so ads wont disturb me. its a great game.
prashant gajmer : i love this game but after a long period of gaming the touch we press doesn't work and the game chracter won't jump it continuously run and get crashed thats all. i should end the game and restart the game again . that's not fun you know !!!! try to fix it .
stevia muii : a fun and relaxing game. tho crashes a lot of times after playing from a while. like when you are trying to set a new record but the game crashes ;-; its just frustrating
tang corporations : it's just beautiful. amazing atmosphere and music, plus intuitive gameplay mechanics and difficulty spikes. everything that this game excels at is improved upon withvthe sequel, alto's odyssey.
don smith : this would probably be a nice game if they just charged for it and got rid of the ads. it's not even just that there are ads, it's that the game is mellow, and chill, and aesthetically charming and the ads are invariably loud, crass, and obnoxious. imagine if you went to see a show on broadway and in the middle of it, some loud mouth jerk started screaming at you to buy burger king. yeah, you get the picture. great game, but come on, y'all can be better than this.
steve cao : beautiful game. i installed it a long time ago before the ads and would have given 5 stars then. would gladly pay money to go back to it being ad-less but understandable that it's the model they chose to go with.
jhino : pretty easy to deal with the ads, just turn the wifi off and voila! no ads. the game itself is really good as well the sounds, graphics, and animation, really calming game...
saptarshi sarkar : this is one piece if art rather a game. it's really time killing and soothing. one can play it on a relaxing mood or even take it as a challenge. the developers have done a great job. thanks.
keres howell : this game is beautiful and fun. i've been playing since release. but i give it 4 stars because even after paying money for the ad removal, i have to watch ads to double my coins.
shadow slayer : let start off with the fact that there r only 2 controls and the controls r half way built. the jumping is not sync to when u press jump and it so touchy. then u have the moving ur board around which by the way it only rotates one way and if try to land and it's not (perfect) u will crash and even if ur board is flat on the ground u will still crash. the only good thing about this game is there r very few to no ads at all so that where the one star comes in
gemma quigley : lot of blips. sometimes the goals dont register if youve completed them. some of the characters dont register parts, e.g. izel usually 'dies' after sliding on ice to break rocks. he always always dies. also dies bouncing on rocks, doesnt jump sometimes and glitches on ramps. dont see the point in floating or wingsuits. just totally unnecessary. crashes sometimes. not great.
drake brooks : absolutely love it. the visuals and soundtrack are stunning. very simple to play, too. this, and alto's odyssey, are both phenomenal on that alone.
holly hedgecock : noodlecake studios is the best mobile game dev, constantly making great games like this. i have played adventure and odyssey and they are both great. from their great grahics and relaxing gameplay, alto's odyssey and adventure are the reason i still play mobile games. also more games. these games are one of few mobile masterpieces.
faysal abeid miraz : contains a lot of bugs. the hover power up won't activate in most cases. some of game mechanism is really frustrating. but overall, a great game.
gavin schneider : about the only game (along with odyssey) that stays on my phone for longer than 2 days before i get bored and remove it. it takes about a week, but reinstall every 6-9 months for a while. pretty good, seeing that i'm not really a gamer.
karthik s s : i played the game so much. i liked it so much. i didn't play this for quite some time. i installed this after a few months only to see it is not syncing my last played progress. tried signing in and out clearing cache etc. nothing works. i unlocked izel last time. i have the google play games achievement for proof. now i'm playing from the start and this is very very annoying.
noivern77 : i came across this game because i was bored of pay to win games. i just searched up relaxing games and this was the first result. when i played it, it was the best mobile game had, or will ever play. its just so relaxing and fun, not too many adds, nobody destroying your base and theres a zen mode. the graphics are beautiful the music is so emmersive, and me and my dad love this game. its such a great time killer and with altos odessy also an amazing game, i think theres no reason not to get them
river : i love this game and i was overjoyed when i saw that there was another part to 'alto's odyssey' so o installed it right away. this game never ceases to surprise me with new challenges, goals and adventures. this game is so good and i love it so much and it makes me feel so much better after a hard day!
s. c : it's hard to find a perfect game. and yet, this game touched my soul. the music beautiful and calming, the graphics simple yet remarkable, and the gameplay smooth and easy. absolutely loved it. 5/5
thordis : i think this game is super fun. the zen mode should have no obstacles at all though!! not very zen when you can barely see the rocks and logs in the dark and constantly just eat snow. love the game though!
adam scott : not once could i ever do that flying thing. but other than that, this is a great time waster app- especially if you put it on airplane mode to avoid the endless supply of ads.
mr. mobile : i personally find the the game quite difficult cumming from me that's a big compliment. i do suggest one up date where there is a mode where you launch off a ramp and go as far as you can while doing as much tricks as you can and you can buy stuff such as a hang glider and turbo jets please consider this.
moss : this is a gorgeous game. the gameplay is simple but intuitive. the music is really nice, and it has a zen mode which is really good for chilling. would definitely recommend
stoney broski : really fun, i just wish the screen didn't go black at night time. i can't see the character and have to die repeatedly to get back to day time. but really fun none the less.
adam jastrzebski : awesome game, the thing i like the most about it is the graphics. it also has nice music. however the game can get a bit repetitive after some time and there are too many annoying ads.
seema shahid : it's a wonder, what a great artist can do, with the abstraction of graphics api's. timeless and contemporary design with heartwarming music. i am out of words to describe this beautiful piece of interactive art.
george burden : pretty game, very casual and fun even if some of the chasams seem unjumpable. however, the ads are way too aggressive, pop up after every other run and blast the sound.
nathanya iskandar : it's aesthetically pleasing and relaxing. although it'll be nice there's more characters we can unlock without having to pay with real money. overall, i really really enjoy this game. i recommend it
ivy helven : i've been playing this game for a while now and one time when i played it in front of my siblings, they were all interested to play it as well (on my phone). that's how addicting and fun this game is to say the ads showtime is also bearable which i'm very much thankful for btw. i just love the aesthetic this game has, it's simple to use as well! this app has helped me with calming my stress and anxiety, highly recommended. also, i love you whoever suggested the zen-mode, seriously satsifying
hj_records : im a person who has anxiotey and this game really helps me to relax and i enjoy playing it when im in the car of even at home the first time i saw this game was at the apple store and i couldnt get my hands off of the device it was calm relaxing playable and it made me enjoy also the backround is so bueatifull and the choice of music is great i hope to see another game again!
krista pelton : it's a great game, very addictive, and a good time killer. the controls are great and it's a good challenge. there quite few ads wich is good, but the reason that i give it only four stars is because it gets boring over time but overall it's a great game.
donavin overcast : amazing.... i have played nothing like this. the simplicity but yet beauty that this game offers and the gameplay is almost the same every time but then a new obstacle shows up and keep you coming back for more
xi aomi : fantastic game. calming atmosphere, lovely music and sounds. no mandatory goals or daily bonusses, but with some built-in fair challenges if you want to get new characters or improve your skills.
danielle stanley : i love this game. it's really simple and super relaxing. the controls don't always work like they should, causing a crash but most of the time it's fine. beautiful graphics and nice music too.
aidan downey : very relaxing and asteticly beautiful game.
deepali parikh : the graphics are great and so are the controls, but there is just one bug, which is sometimes the app doesn't detect my tap.
elena meraw : the amount of ads and their placement is predatory and unethical. this game hasn't been significantly updated since it came out (i remember playing it several years ago and it was exactly the same thing, bar the zen mode) so there is no justification as to why playing a 1 minute match triggers a 30 second ad.
mitali roy : this game is fantastic with an alpine-themed indie-type graphics. i would feel relaxed when i would plug in my earphones and play the game in darkness. it would be better if you add more snowboarders and daily quests rewarding coins.
captures in time : this mobile game is one of the best mobile games i've ever played. it's non-addicting, super peaceful yet very fun. the ads are non-intrusive and it's zen mode is one of my favorite features of it. i'd recommend this game to anyone looking for a break from loud mobile games. keep up the great work!
ed lin : one of the best games i have played. it has simple controls, clean simple graphics, and the concept is easy to understand. a great game if you are looking for a change. works as a great time killer too.
a google user : really unique game with relaxing atmosphere. art in this game is amazing. it's relatively short but fun to complete all the levels. it lacks a bit of depth which is why i can't rate it a perfect 5 stars. strongly recommend.
samuel george : i play other games but alto is just phenomenal. the music, the concept, the story... everything is just perfect. i recommend it if you've had a long day and you want to relax. it's so amazing!
amr okasha : just an overall zen experience. the grind is not excessive, the gameplay is terrific, and the music is spot on. amazing art, too! definitely recommend giving it a try.
alex antiques : the only things i don't like about this game is that you can't use your snowboard to turn back in the air. a lot of the times i'm in the air i overadjust, and i want the ability to underadjust because i keep dying and i wasn't able to see what i was gonna land on. also i think i found a glitch with one of the jumps where you're at a lower position, and your trying to get to a higher position. also also, i heard a lot of good things about the soundtrack, and i haven't listened to it yet.updateplz
sir warfare : oh my god!!! this is one of the best games that i' ve found. this is on top and on verge of perfection!!! this game gives me so peaceful vibes, i can't stop playing it. it reminds me about the peace in the world. such a relaxing atmosphere, great background music and simple controls. it's a dream game....
badal singh : game is awesome... no doubt about that... but the frequent ads are so irritating that it made me do the rating to 2 stars... if you can fix the ad issue then the ratings will go higher. awesome game! thank you!
joshua productions : it's a great game but you have to pay actual money for characters instead of using the gold you get and there's no upgrade system but other than that a really good game awesome music awesome visuals the game makes it impossible to get mad at for how nice it is and i can always come back to it but the thing is it's not addicting it's really good
isabella gonzales : i will rate 4 stars because i love this game but i wish there was a setting to turn off night/day cycle because i always crash when i play night because i can't see the rocks and whatnot. i really love the zen mode as well. i like this game nore than i like alto's oddysey, probably because i got used to this one first and the physics are sloghtly different.
zero wolf : i've come back to this game time after time. part of what makes it great is honestly the simplicity combined with the visuals and music. it can be difficult, not gonna lie, but if you just want something to take your mind off things this is definitely a keeper.
p a : this is a 5 star game that yet another developer has ruined with intrusive full page ads. your greed has destroyed the point of the game, which is to be beautiful and relaxing. the original iteration of this game was truly fantastic. but you just murdered it. c'mon guys...
-savage suki- : this game is very fun! there is no problem with it whatsoever, you can do backflips and other tricks (but no frontflips) you complete quest in the game to get gold, gold gives you chanses to revive when you crash. when you do a backflip but then a rock is right infront of you and you dont have enough time to jump, that backflip makes you invisnible for like 3 seconds- this is one of the best games i have!
nate pasman : i love this game, the sound fx and design is great. edit: taking off two stars because they added an add after every run, which really detracts from the experience.
varad naniwadekar : i love this game but i just wanna clear some things that alto team would do some more great animations to the great snowy mountain behind the scenery like you could show some snow on the mountain instead of showing dark and clear mountains behind the scenery and also the upgradations are way too expensive and paid transactions are also too expensive other wise it's a very calming game i ever experienced !
soft blanket :3 : i lov the graphics! they are so good! very good on a computer! and i love the calming music! i sometimes play my own music to go with it to make my experience even better! i like the song "music for a found harmonium".
trae : fun game, shame it gets ruined with ads. like can i not have 5 whole minutes of consecutive game play without being advertised to? if i could play the game for 15 minutes in between ads, i'd be much likelier to keep and play the game, because i do like it.
feelwandering : this game always helps me in my good and bad moods. the music is so soothing and the gameplay is indeed smooth like butter , in short it is a stress buster.
xxgalenxx : great graphics and storyline. really fun and passes time a lot of time. you jump over rocks and recollecting your deers? there's some type of animal. but great game lots a fun and overall this game. is. an. actual. gamechanger.
elite gamer siddhu : this game is highly relaxing and needs real skill to play. the best part is its zen mode where i can keep myself calm. i would like another mode in which alto just keeps sking without any obstacles in place and we get relaxed by seeing that. really nice relaxing game.
amy hannah eckman : the ads are super annoying because they are 15 seconds long and you get them almost after every time you play. another complaint i have is the skipping challenges it cost 500 coins that is way too much! other than that everything is good about the game.
fof d : i had downloaded this game years ago and absolutely loved it. i had a samsung s5 with a great screen so it made ecerything so much nicer. sadly it dropped into the toilet to never open again so i havent played in awhile. i played odessey as soon as i could get my mothers phone (she has a galaxy note 9 so the screen was worth waiting for) and i have been playing whenever i just needed some zen. honestly one of favorite mobile games of all time!
ionut vornicescu : the bug was fixed. the game is perfect again. old rating: the game was great until yesterday. since yesterday the game crushes when i sign in with the google account. if i erase all the data, the game works until i sign in again.
karan : believe me or not, this game is an absolute kickass package. your stress will be blown away in a minute after playing this game and i'll suggest that you play it with headphones put on as the sound effects are just awesome, it feels like its actually raining and the thunder sound specially is my favourite. you must be thinking that why i'm tlaking so much about this game which isn't even that famous, but once you try it you'll get to know..
stratus exclair : it is a great game, beautiful backgrounds and musics. then the next time i opened it, it always crashes, maybe because of low battery, i don't know. pls. reply, it's a good game, it's a shame to delete a good game.
bruce chillis : please move that pause button from there. you can place it on top side of screen. everytime it gets tapped on unintentionally while i am just trying to make a jump.
kevin d : this game is very relaxing, and a great time killer too. another thing to add is that it's so gorgeous looking! the art style, the lighting, it's all great! very solid game.
andi fels : beautiful and calming. perfect for relieving anxiety. can i ask for an option in zen mode to turn off rocks, etc.? i find alto sliding along the exact curve of the earth very therapeutic and satisfying.
robloxpro 67 : i can't wait to install this app again. i remember i had this app on my old zte phone since june 2016, but i lost it in the hotel while moving back to my grandma's in august 2018. i now have a samsung phone so i can't wait to play it again!
rex almighty : so so fun! i play it all the time when i'm bored, the music and sounds are so relaxing and i love each of the characters you can buy! i really recommend for anyone who just likes to pass time and relax :3
ilan penkower : the most beautiful and zen game i have ever played ever. the graphics are breathtaking, the score is absolutely beautiful, and the game itself is really relaxing. 100/10 would definitely recommend with no doubt in my mind.
vijendra srivastava : i cna say that the simplicity has a better attraction, even this game is all about tabbing on the screen but once you start paying it, you can not keep you aprt from it. i really enjoy to play this game in my free time and it give me the setisfaction.
emmiii : honestly a really chill game, very easy to sit back, relax, and listen to a podcast. it's not really levels although you can level up. i really love it.
alexandria hexx : it's a very calming game. zen made especially, just you and the endless mountain. the graphics are well-suited to the game, and i love the llamas! would definitely recommend.
hibis : game is good with relaxing visuals and music but it has some bugs i hope they fix it and one problem is when you start playing the game in starting point some times even if you touch the screen that character doesn't jump.
bashir fadiga : honestly, amazing game. i feel like this really helps when i need a little cool down from my personal life. really gives a nice feeling when played. personally, i give this a 10/10. great soundtrack and all. real chill and easy game.
a google user : this is a really nice game... i am really impressed a lot. the controls are easy and smooth and the game never lags... also it becomes more interesting each time i play this. so overall i loved this game. keep it up noodlecake studious inc !!
francesca maria : it's really fun and relaxing, but as soon as i started level 2 on my tablet, he wouldn't jump. when i started playing on my phone, he jumped ok. please fix this bug!
lajeanna parker : had this download for several years now. great to play for something different other than matching items. very relaxing until you hit a cliff or fall off the mountain. still fun though.
dreamer of words : i played this game every day on the bus ride to school. it was the best part of my morning, even better than breakfast. thank you for making this calming game. i'm sorry the fools that still rate one star doesn't understand that they can play without internet access to avoid the adds. one hope for both adventure and odessy: unlimited wing suit in zen mode. there is no reason not to, right?
classydays43 : one of the most beautiful mobile games i've played. it's stuff like this that makes browsing for decent mobile games worthwhile. given the market, it truly is a diamond in the rough. for those looking for a great game that looks as good as it's playable content, look no further.
laurent lamarlere : the app keeps crashing. doesn't even open anymore. sent 3 feedbacks with logs and no reply whatsoever. i have put some money in the game to support it and would like a refund as i am not even able to open it anymore.
ophelia : it's a really beautiful game, but it keeps glitching. i keep not being able to jump sometimes? that's annoying but still an amazing game, unfortunately, altos odyssey is still better.
chris o'neill : great gameplay, love the visual style. i particularly like that it's not the gameplay that gets harder, but the challenges continue to push your skills
avelyn silvas : beautiful scenery and amazing gameplay. however sometimes there's a glitch when you play again when you can't jump at all.
adharsh gajendran : one of the best games i've played so far. the art, music and game design itself have been tested so many times as to cover all use cases. it's so neat and simple, yet so full of features and intricate details. great job!
arthur h : a good game bit the night graphics are not so good as you can't always detect obstacles. also there's a lag in the jump response. another thing.... i can't get away from the rider even though i have a long scarf. he catches up far too fast. can you kill him?
dinar fitriandini : the graphic is soooo smooth and detailed. i love how simple the concept of the game is but yet they gave us this beautiful graphic. 5 stars from me, good job!
pixiedixiedo : so damn amazing! only thing is usually in the forest biome on my google pixel, it will make really loud static noises, to the point where it gets so loud i have to some times take my earbuds out. i have had this game on other devices though, and it's only ever happened on my pixel
dragon : absolutely gorgeous. the graphics are fantastic, the goals are not too easy but not too hard either, and the unlockable characters are just as gorgeous
rohit chaoji : i would have given this game higher if not for the ads after every 2-3 plays. i can accept ads for reviving my character, but ads for playing the game normally just spells greed. i might even consider restricting internet access of the app.
cyrus mac : i like that it has a endless mode but when i die then lm alive again
erin locke : this game is so relaxing and fun to play! even though it has a simple concept, the fact that it doesn't need wifi improves it a lot! i would definitely recommend for anyone looking for a change of pace in a video game.
vix nechayeva : relaxing and smooth gameplay. sometimes takes a few tries to get the goals but the gameplay itself is enjoyable so slow(ish) progression through levels never bothered me.
ben rothan : game worked fine, now crashes at the title screen every time it's opened. doesn't work anymore... don't get this game unless you're comfortable with an eventual deadswitch triggering for your game.
spirit - : good game. never gets boring and is just fun to play! the controls are only just one finger so its easy but gets progressively harder as more and more rocks appear. and elders too. coins take a bit long to get but overall the game's great!
jack bourne : the original altos adventure can't get better than that i grew up playing that game at the library for 4 years strait! until they took the ipads away so many good memories and false ones of course. like i said about my odyssey review repetitive but all games like this are so i can't complain about that.jackbourne
either : the tutorial was okay, but none of thr controls worked for the actual game! i couldn't jump or flip, and when i decided to replay the tutorial, i was still unable to use any of the controls. from what i could see, the game seems pretty boring too. don't install!
mason chadwick : the game is calm and relaxing, except for a really major...bug? pretty much half of my games end almost immediately as i can't jump, and others are cut short due to this too if this issue is fixed i would happily rate it a full 5* :')
a google user : horrible ads, tons of bugs, and rock are impossible to see at night. but if you can look past all that, it's really a wonderful game.
1ds20ai033_neeraj kalantri : it is one of the best and the addictive game i ever played. the graphics and the music are so awesome that it truly makes you feel that your are actually riding. the level gets even awazing as well as tuff so that you truly enjoy the game. overall the game is 5 and i highly recommend to everyone to play this game
mohit sharma : one of the best games its soo relaxing
k v vaghul : pleasant game, lovely artwork and music, gameplay is calming. playing since 2016! only thing is sometimes after jumping a chasm any llama nearby falls into it which is quite scary and upsetting haha..!!
saurav : more of a feeling than a game.. gives you chills of being in mountains with all that great music and background mountains . just add more controls and this would be more than perfect.
alex : this is a well made game at first i thought it was those games that doesnt make sense but when i look at the game review's and the photo's of the game i downloaded it and its so fantastic i recommend everybody to download this if you want to hear some calming music while playing.
austin rice : i love this game. it is a perfect game to play before going to sleep, although most times the occasional mandatory advert is loud and jolts you out of your zen state. 10/10, love this game, glad the bugs were worked out. thank you, devs!
bastien bastien : you know, 99% developers make games to gain revenue? well its a fact. i'm so pleased this developer made this game for the players. i haven't found any ads in the game and i also didn't see any in app purchases although i didn't search for them. this game made me feel really good and relaxed. the music is very appeasing in zen mode which is what i play 99% of the time. in zen mode you cannot lose, you just enjoy the amazing music and the amazing graphics! wow! well done developers!
abby powell : one of the most calming games i have ever played, but so entertaining. i absolutely love this game. i am so close to finishing, which i am so excited for! have had it for 4 years now, just to causally play it. it is offline too, so you can play it while traveling! just such a wonderful game.
binithi fernando : this game is very fun but i think it could be better, why not give chances after you crash, maybe 3 would be fine, and some of the tasks are very hard to do, i like them but, it's a bit to hard, other than that it's a pretty good game
eduardo martins : i'm sad... i used to be an alto's fan and i got so many friends playing this game. i have it for years. the music and immersion are perfect. but now... ads.... the darned ads... i'm genuinely sad. i'm uninstalling this game, my oldest game in my library. you will be remembered alto.
jeremy leitzen : nice visuals, but the frequent forced full screen ads make it a no-go. there are plenty of free-to-play games that are less annoying.
robert caldwell : 1.it is beautiful i love the minimalistic style well also having one of the most cozy atmospheres i've seen in a mobile game.2.the game play design is pretty good the gameplay has momentum and great control with only a handful of room.
prabhakaran s : to many ads spoil it. i used play alto some years ago. it was same great game but now festered with ads. i am ok with occasional ads but ads that are unskippable between each game??! to see another game going retard over ads is a pity.
jj boswell : gets really glitchy after level 35. i'm not sure if it's a problem that needs fixing or it's intentionally lazy game development to replace difficulty progression through levels.
gabriel : charming little game at first but the ads are so agressive that it makes it not worth playing for free. i could understand if it was one here and there, without loud obnoxious noises. heck, i'd have considered buying the game but the ads were so annoying that i don't really feel like supporting them.
cosmin popan : awesome game! really well made, beautiful graphics, and hardly any bugs. after about level 40, the challenges got a bit boring though.
sonny horton : this is a great game and i would recommend it to anyone but i only have one problem i don't like the speed you do flips, and i understand that's part of the game but if they could just be a little bit faster than it would help, besides that an overall great game
preethi ann jacob : the graphics, control and music is amazing. smooth relaxing game. i am in love with zen mode. i think i love the music more. kudos to the developers.
gregory solewin : meditative in it's simplicity, this game, if not a masterpiece, is just shy of genius. from the soundtrack to the graphics, this game is flawless in design and execution.
anssi niemi : fun and addictive game. but buying the premium version that has no ads drops revive amount to 1. with ads it was lot more which makes one lose motivation after going ad-free.
lisa s-f : very repetitive and boring. you just ride down the same hill over and over again trying to get further each time. also the screen gets progressively darker so you can't even see anything. played for about 2 minutes then uninstalled.
lavi roadnight : plain and simple sand sledding fun! amazing abstract visuals with a mesmorising soundtrack. can play for hours on end and very addicting gameplay! i highly suggest this game.
dragonrage1001 : pretty fun a good way to pass time but it gets kinda boring after a while since there isn't much new to do after you've gotten far into the game. it's just grinding for more stuff by doing the same thing over and over again.
crazyjaybe : beautiful game! you press the screen and stuff happens! love it! but you know what i don't love? random, mandatory pop-up ads! i collected like, four llamas when that happened so, yeah, uninstalled. byeeeeeeee!
grace metri : i can't load my progress on my new device :( i've followed all the instructions on you're website to transfer the progress(except deleting the game off my phone entirely, i don't feel safe potentially losing that progress).
mary sy : i love the visuals and the music! sometimes it's challenging to develop new tricks and move on to levels, but it's addictive and fun to play.
kun kunologist : with cinematic graphics and fantastic controls, plus a lot of fun stuff unlocking while levelling up, the game packs loads of fun and is a must-play that goes far beyond ordinary parkours.
p g : wonderful. relaxing and challenging at the same time. lovely graphics and sound design too. would be 5 stars but i think the sun rises and falls in the wrong direction... presumably the game is set in the southern hemisphere so we are looking north to the equator? in which case the sun should rise on the right and set one the left?
john green : incredibly simple gameplay, lovely graphics, and very serene music. this is the most relaxing game i've ever played. highly recommend!
jason landwer : beautiful game. been playing it for over 8 months now and it's still fun. easy to play but challenging enough to keep me entertained but not so challenging that i get frustrated.
vlad c : "brimming with adventure". a load of rubbish, this game is just another one of those "see how far you can go" games. you basically snowboard down a hill and tap to jump over rocks. this game is not special in any way, it's just another piece of rubbish lacking any creativity from the developers.
g g : the simplicity of this game makes it perfect. snowboard down a mountain avoiding rocks and obstacles while chasing your llamas and collecting coins. do trick flips and grind on rails to gain momentum and increase your score.
haden burstedt : wonderful game, a nice and simple game to pass the time. only problem i have is a small bug. sometimes i can't tap to jump and have to close the app.
alex toradze : this game is incredible. thank you devs for fixing the crash at startup issue! i hope you guys are able to fix the same crash at startup issue for alto's odyssey!
lee hastings : played it in the past, decided to redownload, but pretty disappointed. for some reason it won't let me pass the "pick up a coin magnet" challange even though i have picked up three in a single run.
jared saxton : excellent game. simple design, yet difficult to master. all the complaining about the rocks being hard to see in the dark can be ignored. the rocks are not very hard to see if you're not bad at the game.
sam wong : this game would really deserve 5 stars but now the game crashes whenever i tried to play it. really upset because i'm about to unlock a new character. please fix the game asap. would really like to enjoy this game again.
martin red : it was great... for a while ive been unable to launch a game, my phone locks up and the game will eventually give the android non responsive prompt. around 2 weeks ago this started. pixel 4xl
shinyfireet1 : a very serene and gorgeous game. it is one of my favourite games on mobile of all time. the sound design, the art, the colours, the soundtrack. a masterpiece.
you : it's relaxing and fun , but recently, the character doesn't jump when i tap the screen and the game stops when it was working moments before. it ends the run randomly saying that i hit a rock.
jewelyn : absolutely love this beautiful indie zen game. definitely one of my favorites that comes highly recommended to those who want a calm and fun adventure and also there's little to no ads! just a heads up!
kevin duliesco : everything is perfect, soundtrack,music, graphics, scenery the best parts is zen and the ability to picture cause we can't just screenshot while doing stunts cause we will die but it's nice.
notreallymagenta : the day night cycle is amazing but at night it gets a bit too dark and i can't see the rock and jumps most of the time if you could increase the brightness or make a setting where it doesn't turn night that would be awesome
shivam maurya : i've played thousands games this is the only game i love.. it's peaceful, anti-stress, adventurous and exciting at the same time.. i've completed this whole game twice. it's sequel, alto's odyssey is interesting too.. i've completed that too.. dear developers, thank you. if possible please provide another game of the same genre.
bored ashy : this game is a around amazing i love the art style the music the simple controls i only have one problem with the game and it's that sometimes it rains and last time i checked it's kinda impossible to snowboard in the rain but other than that great game alto's odyssey is great too
abhinav jasrotia : i played this game for few years at night using earphones and playing the game with zen mode, u believe the experience is very fabulous when the music goes from one ear to another. really loved this game must try this game using by my method... great job developers!!!!!! well done team..... thank u :)
e j : beautiful graphics and nice music. fun and easy to play, doesn't shove micro-transactions in your face like other games. not stressful or demanding either :)
saara : relaxing, simple and addictive. there are no ads in this game unless you want to revive. the zen mode is simply impossible to put down. if you're looking for a game i recommend you to download it. i am going to buy remove ads to support the amazing creators :).
evan wood : my god, this is probably one of if not the single best game on the google play store its simple easy to control has a beautiful art style wonder music and all around just fun if 5ou haven't downloaded this game i have no idea what your doing with your life you need to do it and do it now.
gaming blue lightning : it's a nice pleasant game. it's fun and sometimes hard to make some jumps. you can unlock pretty cool characters that have cool abilities. it's a really nice game.
b.shriyan art : best game ....but day by day it's very boring try it once
yuya kun : very calming i suggest to play eterm youth with it :d
parham seyedmazhari : beautiful, but pretty buggy...
george meyer : i like it. but the other game took the cake
jessica jensen : really great game! don't really know what else to say.
vi nguyen : too many adds. disappointing. when the game was introduced few years ago, i was a huge fan of it. the gameplay is still awesome but it's full of junkie ads rn.
javion hughes : this game is so relaxing and it calms me dpwn when im angry wich is ao helpful
noah botting : it's an amazing game, and for a mobile game, there are barely any ads, it somewhat makes sense, and i sometimes question how tall is the mountain? the only advice for the creaters would be to maybe makes the feathers a bit more common.
muhammad shakir padia : was a really good game but now it keeps crashing everytime i try to open it. there are also way too many ads including inappropriate ones.
ruslan fesenko : it glitches out when you die, the scoreboard flashes very quickly, unreadable and annoying. i tried restarting several times and problem didn't fix itself.
malik russell : its a really great game to play. very interesting and fun. but some times when the character is going very fast, they pass the object without collecting it.
wolfna fandom : i love this game!!! my fav part bout it is that it has zen mode and i love listening to music while playing games but dont like ads cause it pauses the music but bc of zen mode u cant die and it perfect for me <3
praise judah : i really like this game and it is very relaxing, however could you make it that the objectives refresh after being achieved whilst still in the session rather than having to fall first?
shantelle : the game itself is a solid five stars. however, after reinstalling it on my new phone, i keep getting stuck at the start where it says the game has "stopped". please fix this issue.
jaas benz : the game is amazing but i don't understand how to get a feather and magent in the same run. like do you mean at the same time? or just get them at anytime in the round. because i've got them several times in the same run but it won't let me get to level 9. please respond when possible
snnake : what a amazing game. i already play this on iphone in 2015 (out 2014, i can't recall) and i was so impressive, how a simple game can bring you a full and enjoyable experience. are you angry, mad, pissed of? just play the zen mode, enjoy the music, and forget about the real world. 10/10!
aleksandar taragoshev : i played this after playing the sequel for a long time. i feel like the visuals are better in this game, there is more depth and dimension to them. essentially the same game but i feel like it is slower than the sequel.
ritwik joshi : simply awesome. super relaxing. even after playing enough, one wants to always revisit later, a month later or even a year later. timeless. not the 'destroy your life playing 24*7' kind of addictive.
richugang : after you play the zen mode, there is no reason for you to give lower than 5 stars.the sound track so beautiful and it hits you so hard that it almost makes you cry. if you are in a bad mood, just play the zen mode on this game. the whole aesthetics of this game makes you feel so calm and makes you just slow down. this one of my favorite games
jeffrey lageson : in the new update buildings are glitching by having the back flap up or at an angle. and it would only be the grinds. otherwise amazing games. also slight lag.
jared boike : graphics are astoundingly beautiful. props to you devs! the controls are a bit strange, and it takes some getting used to, but that's why this is a skill based game.
funkin dunkin : it was amazing and the best selling point was it wasn't inundated with constant ads. then what did they do? bring in constant ads. great time waster, now wasting time...
afnan mohd : the app is really good when you wear headphones and enjoy the music the graphics are good but when we backflip the animation there could be good and when you lose there also i wish there were some real animations accord to physical world very impressed with this game
shyam vasan : game is so good. musics are like sleep therapy. but while jumping alone suddenly control pulls off and stands due to this am forced to fall... its happening once in 10 times after this new update
christian jay anunciado : game is amazing. beautiful in every aspect. to those people saying this has many ads. well of course, game developers dont work for free and if you don't like their ads just turn off your data or internet connection. y'all are all matured enough to know that.
haridev : this game is just awesome. play it when you are feeling stressed it will freshen up your mind and soul especially it's music. i don't write much reviews but this game is awesome, i also liked the changing weather system and for a 60mb game graphic quality is also good. nothing to say more
keith kelso : fun and beautiful game, ruined by ugly and intrusive ads. the obtrusive video ads between levels is one thing, but i just had a pop-up ad during the game that made me lose!
brett mason : reviews i read said relaxing, beautiful, good music, i agree. others complained about ads, of course ads pay if you want to play free but for the love of the game stop the ads volume level being 11 when the game is 5, they woke up my dad and he's been dead 8 years and for this reason i uninstalled.
m c : not a bad game, good design and easy to play for a while. only drawbacks are the pay to customise and the amount of ads.
lliam taylor : got a new phone and the google play data stored, doesn't transfer to the new phone once installed. so no unlocked characters and game progresses gone. soooooo annoying!
xylexphd : this gane is amazing, easy to progress and very fun to play, not to mention its so pretty. ads are more than manageable and also if i recall correctly skippable, 10/10 would rate 6 stars if i could
tanmay khare : first of all "amazing, awesome" i have no words to say i have never played a like this in my whole life .what a beautiful graphics, beautiful snow scene best game please please install it and try thank you so much and one more last thing i want to say that this is my humble request to you please please make more games like these beautiful scenes and graphics thanks again
burru : this game is amazing. maximize relaxation.
edgar molina lomeli : simple, clean graphics with smooth transitions. it's a good relaxing game. i'm glad the google play sign in crashing bug was finally fixed :)
space walker : best game ever!! love it however it would be more better, if it could have different locations and different background sound effects like altos odyssey!!! its awesome nevertheless good work
hasan mehedi : entered to play game. bt suddenly shows ads. ads are not problem, but in some ads it forcing me to play their game, their are no skip option. what kind of annoying ad is this? uninstalled because of this. also there are more ads than usual.
francisco gomes : great game. however it seems there's a bug at level 8 when you pick a feather and a magnet in the same run but it doesn't count for the achievement
aryansh vikram singh : first of all thanks creator's and all the people who help to built this game . this is what i needed its all relacing like the music , animation , colours etc . i played this game first time ,the presentation is beautiful . thanks
isaac abee : pretty terrible mechanics? it's basically impossible to tell when you're going to be able to land a jump, grinds are inaccessible or just don't work more often than not, and certain chasms are simply too big to jump. i really don't understand how anyone could have fun playing this, much less be relaxed by it.
matthew montis : very fun and beautiful game during day time, skill based runner with a fun twist. after some distance, time passes and it becomes night in game. the time of day persists through new runs, based on total distance of all runs. this is not an option that can be disabled, making the game virtually unplayable - black houses and black shadows covering grey rocks on grey snow over black sky is... rude.
pov sopheak : the best game in playstore. i love this game so much. it's simple but it's fun and great. but i'd like to suggest for new update, alto at night is not good yet. although i turn the full bright on but i still can't see the game well. my alto always dies at night. please fix it thanks you:).
artem kashtanov : 1. when i adjust my phone volume during a ride, the volume tab blocks controls of the game. have to tap once to reactivate the game screen, and only then can gain back control. results in irritating crashes.. 2. during a speed boost the hoover sometimes it's not collected. thus, when i expect to go over a rock afterwards, it doesn't happen. and i crash... quite painful 3. add option to disable hoover 4. wigsuit button is 'hidden' behind my front camera (pixel 3xl). pls, fix auto screen adjust
carmen pon : super fun and would have happily bought this game to avoid ads but it's not option. you have to pay every time you want to skip an ad. i am uninstalling.
dhruv hirpara : the game is nice and fun to play. before, there was one ad after every three runs. now, there's ad between each an every run. it is very annoying. will soon remove the app.
etphonehomie : i really love the color scheme you chose for this, it makes it look like there's distance. i also love the 120 fps on the razer phone, that makes it even better because the game looks so smooth with these frames.
knesix : nice looking, but physics are off, also if you make a mistake it forces you to watch videos or end the run... i remember games used to give like 3 tries minimum... anyways play it free then move on
darcy kea : fun for about 5 minutes. once you reach like... level 5 the ads start hitting after almost every run. plus it's super laggy which causes a lot of bails from rocks and stuff.
samuel stephen : watched videos for coins but only adds one round for every 2 videos watched. coin rewards issued once for every second time played. it's a trick and be careful.
andrew ackroyd : great game but have never managed to activate the wingsuit. every time i tap it, it just spins like a normal backflip which meant spending all my coins just to complete the wingsuit missions.
a google user : the game is okay but im having a problem on how to jump.....if there is anyone who know the controls please tell me.....my classmate says i need to tap the screen as hard as i can, he says thats what he do on alto's adventure and odyssey i try to do it but it doesnt work i repeated the tutorial a million times.....and now im bored but nice game though........i like it but do not love it
sebastian conley : iv been playing this for a few days zen mode is great, normal mode in the middle of combos alto will stop flipping even though i am still pressing the screen to continue the flip, does not do this in zen mode tho????
rahul anand : games are for relaxation. and this is definition of relaxation free of world stress. definitely one of the best games if you are feeling stressed or just want to spend some time alone.
gaming ka tadka : i like the music. i think best game to relief your mood. i think they should more music like this. and the cycle of day and night and rainy background is super impressive. i really like this game.
ale mello : very simple to play, one finger, sometimes 2, and you'll have fun. it's challenging, clever and demands attention and persistence.
leah deixler : its a good game overall, however the days are way too short, and its difficult to see anything (rocks) at night. also, sometimes when you jump, you barely movr up, and sometimes you go flying
james jenkins : it's fun, but after you play alot & know how to do it, it kinda gets repetitious. ho hum,, time to look for something else
danky kang : i like this game alot it is nice and fluid. for me this game is not addictive; unlike other games that make me feel like a zombie. the only thing i do not like is the ui tricking me into playing again it's hard to explain but if you pay attention after your run ends. this is what a phone game should be 4.5/5
greg barenick : its a very calming and enjoyable game. my main issue is that there is an occasional delay on taps and, on some runs, jumping is imposible.
great old b'stard : unplayable, adverts way too often disrupt any bit of gameplay every time u die an advert plays makes it unplayable, specially if your trying to get started and into the game ridiculous really should have a better system for showing adverts - monetisation at its worst. shame really cos the game is stunning and a great concept.
isaac s : very beautiful game. love the art especialy at sun down. stunts aren't to hard but you can't get down from the ziplines without crashing. but other than that a great game
charles di pinto : so, i have played the game for years, always logged in, have the game shocked with this account, and all of a sudden have lost all my progress (including all benefits). and that is not fun. buyer beware.
kieth pagalan : this app is so relaxing for me. whenever im having a really bad day i would play this game. i really like the background music and well everything! i have been playing this game for months now and i will never unistall this game. 5 stars!
pranav mahajan : this game is literally so so soooo good..this game is so much relaxing.. especially the music and the sounds are so much soothing and relaxing..it removes all the stress from your mind and makes you fresh + its not even addicting..i liked this game very much
gagan sharma : love the game exept that the character goes out of the screen if you go up high which makes it hard to control i hope it will soon get repair.
chito : man i wish i could bring back my old progress. i signed in with google play and i have its achievements but the stats are back to zero and the characters i unlocked is lock.
spedy : this game is just beautiful & wonderful. i love this game so much! . this game's music, background art, whether effects, missions, characters etc. are just awesome. thank you team alto
gisele kuuzi : this game is vary fun, it doesn't get boring at all because you can unlock new characters and levels.
nisit kumar mohanty : it's the best game i've ever downloaded, and ended up this happy while playing it. music used, is very soothing, and levels are beautifully scenic .
diana lou tapec : nice game! amazing and relaxing scenary graphics, but i would love more if there's a changing of scenery phase.
joanna : the music is so relaxing.. takes out all the stress thanks so much! overall animation is really good!
player 910 : 50/5 it is to easy to learn and aesthetic music in zen mode is . this is the real stress buster game. an tupa harness power 60-90% of all other characters which makes it ulimate character with his own ability (fall into a chasm to discover his power)
madcrazypug7 : this is an absolutely wonderful game, it's the first mobile game in 4 years i have deemed worth spending 2.00 to get the full ad free edition, i've had nothing but fun, 10/10 would reccomend
pizzaguy35! bop : it is a great game and it controls amazing and very fun it is engaging and has a great art style that compliments the visuals i would recomend
prashant kumar : that background is so mesmerizing. and love how it changed through the whole day. awesome work. such simple game but yet amazing. hats off
ollie duffy : well made, very nice art style and engaging! not much more too the game than jumping but performance is excellent and not over-saturated with ads.
alyssa smith : such a fun game! ads aren't too bad, and the coins are super easy to accumulate without buying. i haven't had a game in so long i can just mindlessly play like this and i love it.
andrew danis : a perfectly simple game with perfectly simple execution, not often you see a game this good. only note is that with the wingsuit i regularly find myself above the screen typically while doing loop de loops and flips
dhruba ranjan das : it's really a awesome game.... rather it should called a recreational experience... i loved this game. but the graphics should be more attractive... at the end i want to say a great experience i got from this game. thanks to noodlecake studios...
maitrey verma : the game has been on my phone for years. it is a lovely experience. i only have one request and sure would be of many others.. kindly remove the rocks in the game when in zen mode. i would be delighted if this is taken up by you guys. regards
jen tuuli : whenever i'm upset or can't get my brain to stop fixating, i play zen mode on this game. i don't know if it's the asmr type sounds or the peaceful landscapes, but this game helps me so much when i'm struggling. thank you for providing this option. it saves my life some days.
miguel pauwels : this game is blowing my mind ! relaxing and wonderful game! well done!
kns aditya : the game has a bug wherein the selected character's jump function is disabled automatically/character does not jump even if you keep touching the screen. and this gets fixed sometimes if you restart the game. very weird
matt elliot : good to play but the ads are driving me mad as they keep opening the app store when trying to close them. don't mind ads sometimes but spending half my time dealing with them with this game. not worth the hassle unfortunately. uninstall.
siddharth ambroise : this is a fantastic game. i have had it for over a year now and i still play it. the zen mode is my favourite because it had some awesome music to accompany the simple gameplay.
shweta shines : i've add this game to meditation and relaxing folder rather than the games folder on on phone. because its so calming and relaxing and entertaining at the same time, without hyping the player it just soothes the mind.
samarth bakare : the game is ........ohh man i am speechless.the game is good the graphics are good everything is going well excepting one thing......it always stuck after starting for minimum 5minutes the touching sometimes doesn't work please fix these issues
crepe penguin : best game i've ever played. the visuals are beautiful, and the music really gets you into an immersive atmosphere. the gameplay is simple. the ads don't bother me that much, but to others it might be a little irritating.
alexander todorov : i have the game installed for a few years now and never actually rated it. don't even know why, but here it is - it's a great game, fun and easy to play, but not boring, more like relaxing. great graphics as well. it's just a really pleasant experience.
javier jordan : difficult to see the rocks and character when in night time mode. difficult to outrun an elder . need a way to gain more speed. also need way to jump higher when trying to jump over a cavern.
gk world cic : cool game. good for time pass and relaxing, epic graphics, physics and the weather change effect+day and time :) and, no energy need for this game. you can play non stop too of you want. it deserves
harish hangouts : really like this one, challenging but really awesome. i appreciate the zen mode in it, it is helping me to improve my skills. wonderful game, and great time killer
manpreet juneja : aldo's adventure is one pure pack class of how melting a game can be. love the gameplay, graphics are good and the music is beautiful. this is one of the games i'd happily pay for and i'm not a person who usually spends cash on games.
jeffrey harris : a great game which is free though i am confused about why people complain about the ads because of you doing want them just but no ads or else how well the devs get money huh? just stop complaining. and yes the tapping problem is there but that's is just if part of your hand is kinda on the screen you know so stop complaining and get a phone which doesn't have a screen that goes to the edge. sorry for the long review.
ahants zha : great game, except it crashes occasionally during a run and that's really infuriating because all the goals that are completed during that run are undone.
mahdieh dehghani : one of the best games that i have ever played. so relaxing! there is just one thing that is bothering, the alto's jump on the logo of the app is backwards. please fix that.
zerieth : fix the freaking blue feather! i'm stuck on this stupid mission but it hardly ever spawns, and when it does half the time it doesnt trigger when i run into it. ive driven straight through the thing and nothing happens.
nt : 5 star for games but 3 star cause forcefully ads when finished game, play 1 min and die then must watch 30 sec ads. i think it was enough for extra action by ads e.g.which is optional like revive, free gold, etc. please remove forcefully ads it so annoying especially when got new character and testing his stat which might die in 10 - 30 sec but have to watch ads for 15-30 sec.
kyle huitt : i'm gonna give this 5 stars because it really is a subtle, beautiful game. zen mode is so relaxing and i love just sitting there watching the world go by. the only thing that bugs me is the grinding sound. for some reason it's a slightly irritating noise and takes me out of my zen.
dinesh kumar : it's super fun and soooooo beautiful, pretty looks super cool. i have no problem with it besides the jumping at times but other than that it's super cool and i'd recommend it
chris fabres : this game has been exceptional throughout my prior experience with it, great graphics and gameplay kept it interesting whenever i had time to spare.
harry lee : simple and fun
vz matthews : such a chill but exciting way to pass the time! took me a bit to understand the hype for this game, but at the end of the day, i can say i really like this game. did i mention the graphics? so minimalist but beautiful visuals, love the aesthetic =)
dezert : this game controls really smoothly and the graphics - it's a visual masterpiece. the scores in this game are incredibly relaxing, especially in zen mode.
utkarsh kalra : noodlecake should make a music app with all such gorgeous sound that are so soothing i mean i had installed this app just to listen to it's background music in zenmode my favourite one is the sound of rain one more suggestion is that enable a nature mode in the game i meant to say that we should be able to choose what kind of music (like morning, night , raining etc ...) we want to listen while gameplay means if no all the sounds coming one after another love u noodlecake for making such great games
alex bow : the reaction time jumps keep it from being relaxing while the show backflips keep it from being fun from moment to moment. plus the ads are a bit invasive.
artemis vellacott : fun, relaxing with minimal ads. zen mode isn't as relaxing as it could be, though, because it still "breaks the flow" a bit when you die.
thebest_aza : i like the tricks, and the controls are just tapping the screen to jump and hold to flip, and i dont rlly pay attention to graphics so no comment on graphics.
saim sammy : a salute to whoever came up with this idea , basic but breath taking views the experience is overwhelming... i just loved it altough i suck at it . a suggestion, if tye camera could be more zoomed in ...
s.l. knoxx : i really love this game, but after last update it's to glitch. it freezes up for a few seconds constantly makes out impossible to play. please fix.
unfunniest : this game is very addictive due to the pleasing graphics and the smooth feel of the controls and the leveling feels good to finish i do want more than just a backflip trick though.
mubashshir ifrad : the game freezes every time i pick a power up, aside from that i love the soundtrack and game design. hope the bug gets fixed.
jack daniels : an amazing adventure with minimal effort it's easy to play time flies and it's just simple beautiful fun at its core with minimal ads and bs to deal with 5 starts all the way amazing app!/game!
zeina abou dallah : this is the most beautiful game in the world, and its not only a game i can say that its a place where you can find piece and relax your soul. my advice for all people that have a problems in their lives to install this adorable game and play in the zen mode where no score no distractions... just your soul and mountains.... finally i want to thank the creator group of this game so much, and i will never forget this game and that's a promise !
swati purohit : the only game that provides the fun of being through the cold mountains,rainy nights of a warm village and skieng through icy hills.if you are someone who has been willing to have an adventure this is something you need to have.to me it is mind-blowing and i love it . as you play it you can feel the amazing adventure!
ashutosh mishra : best graphics and smoothest game play i've ever experienced ,i recommend it to everyone who are seeking a adventure and calm game . it's almost sounded like lo-fi music and the sound of thunder and rain is quite awesome
lanz escuzar : the game is really good but i hope the flipping speed increase a little because the slopes and cliffs always change everytime it's so hard to adjust where to jump or not ... that's all
sushila varade : this is one of the best running games i've ever played! the greatest thing in tjis game is its weather/climate. the climate's color is superb that every human can feel the nature in it! and the background music and the surrounding sound made this game realistic...! we can feel alto's adventure in it!
nicole saponara : very fun and calming!
ty swift : very stress relieving. simple, easy to play yet challenging, and you can fo whatever you want. music id awesome. and as a flute player ive had fun trying to recreate the music
kingteogthe : beautiful game that is between the player and themself, the music is so relaxing and the scenery is very hypnotizing. this game keeps the player active and gives them new goals and opportunities for themselves to achieve. 5/5
robert reeder : the game was great at the beginning. then, the game bombards you with every single ad that they can placed at any place where they could place an ad. be ready to watch 15-30 second unskippable as after every action.
j stephens : love the sound track. the game is fun but after you've played for week or so it get highly repetitive. i would recommend this game if you just need a quick time waster.
richardev : one of my favourite games. amazing scenery, smooth gameplay & controls. simple and pleasant to play. not filled with annoying ads.
boaz b : since buying the no-ad upgrade for 2.99, i consistently get only one revive per run, compared to 3-5 when i still watched ads to revive... i seriously feel scammed and hope this is a bug as it severely affects gameplay in the harder quests
david campbell : played for a couple months. game crashes on launch every time now. no changes, no updates, can't continue progress.
gary di franco : it also cuts out my music player when the ads cone in and doesn't automatically restart. this is not on. i would rate it 5* otherwise
imran hossain : if you are feeling stress, if you want to hide yourself in a relaxing fantasy land, this game is for you my friend! it's music, relax playing and the best part is the scene! it's awesome.
chloe pudsey : i love this game so far. the music is beautiful and calming and i love how the days pass and the weather changes. i also love how there is a zen mode where you can play without chalanges or a game over. i adore games with this graphic art style. good game
rohan singha : it's a very good game with a very soothing music. the music specially in the zen mode is very relaxing with infinite lives. overall after this game i feel very calm.
zion : 4 stars because my loading takes soooo long to load. i have to wait over 10 mins for the game to load, but besides that an extraordinary game. really recommend this game if you lo ike simplicity and also fun and calming gameplay. totally deserves editors choise nomination.
sebastian riera : found this game really addictive and joyful. i didn't find the characters in the game much interesting. or much different one from another. nonetheless, last character to obtain is awesome. can't wait to play next game from this developer.
jashan ghumaan : very very very wrost game please don't install it please don't waste your time on it fully wrost game just only we can tap on screen or hold all game are automatic we just tap to jump or hold to backflips almost all game are automatic please don't waste your time on these game
elias torres : i was great! it really helped me calm down on those stressful days, zen mode was fantastic and the music and effects were just wonderful.
the archives : like alto's odessey, this game freezes when i try to open it. i love both of this games and i would be happy if you would take out some time to fix them.
donald buri : it's very fun and i love it. however, every so often, for some reason the menu/ui disappears. it still works but it doesn't appear. i'm going to try to reinstall it and see if it works then, if not, i don't know.
connor l. : alto's adventure is super simple to play yet somehow soooo much fun. i just hate ads ruining my day, but thats a super easy fix by turning on airplane mode.
dina hussein : the game is very relaxing and the background music is very meditating and beautiful, the only reason i give it 4/5 is that the game is a bit slow i hit the rock all the time though i jumped early enough !!
dylan dreamix : relaxing, not difficult, easy on the eyes, aesthetic and the sounds are great. a really great experience!
itsthequenchiest : i cannot express how beautifully put together this game is. it's so relaxing, the visuals are very nice to look, and the way the sounds work just absolutely blows my mind. noodlecake studios inc. you. are. amazing!!
mya eagan : it is amazing to say the least there is a perfect amount of ads for my liking, and the game itself is just simple and sweet and makes it into a beautiful game today i prefer this game because its fun for you and the younger ones you may have.
jie zheng : fun for a while, until you realize that things you're not supposed to hit are silhouettes with exactly the same color as everything else, then it becomes frustrating.
michelle horn : it is a beautiful game. i absolutely loved it, but now that i've completed all the goals, ads keep popping up in the middle of the run making me crash ??
a google user : while the game itself is lovely the shifting day and night effect are a big strain on the eyes. unless you have 20/20 eyesight and no sensitivity you cannot play this game peacefully. have to uninstall for my longterm eye health. a pity. wish there was a way to turn off the shifting lights.
pi_zzalover 1 : this game is beautiful! the music, the colours, the nature, you won't find an excuse to uninstall this game. it is relaxing, calming and it is an amazing game to play just for fun. zen mode is really amazing.
404personnotfound ___ : it's a very good game. one thing i would like to change is the level of the llama. i know it's on level 41 in order to keep you playing,but i'd like it to be a tiny bit lower! still, great game and would recommend to everyone! 5 stars x
hristijan nikolovski : nice looking ui but not much to do in the game. it's the same thing over and over again, plus there isn't control for leaning forward. gave the third star just for the smoothness of the app
vicente costanzo : it's a nice game, very peaceful and entertaining, it has good graphics and great landscapes, the controls and stuff are just fine, yes that's all, it's a simple game
katie hillebrecht : i love the game but it stopped working altogether. whenever i tried to open it the app would just crash. i tried restarting my phone and it didn't help. the best game in the world isn't worth anything if you can't play it.
aurora barnwell : i love the calm of the zen mode, this game is perfect and magical. i recommend it. the art style and music is super serene and i dont get how someone can hate it.
jay smith : i'm using the free version and it's pretty cool but if you crash a few times you do have to watch a video to keep playing so don't crash and you can just keep playing and it's awesome.
chloe christian : aa much as i like this game i will be unistalling it as it takes up too much space. that aside i really enjoy it and would recomend it.
asher taylor-dawson : basics are quick to learn; mastery takes time. great graphics, cool atmospheric music, and engaging play make this game a winner.
hari krishnan : sublime gaming experience. ambient music that runs in the background helps alleviate stress while providing brilliant gaming experience.
ruwyrique solutions : awesome visual experience with some great music! gameplay could use some tweaks but absolutely beautiful game! installing the sequel right now.
carrie kelley : it was a ok game but it wasn't something for me. the music was relaxing but i couldn't relax since i was trying to read how to play on jumping and not you crash and to collect my illamas . over all, it's not for me. uninstalling
pushyank nahar : my sister was 7 months pregnant and she was quite unwell. we lost the baby today. i was broken. i discovered the zen mode and i just cried throughout while playing. thank you. for this game. for the music. thank you
noelle ley : gorgeous. the game description for these games don't do it justice! this game is absolutely amazing, it is entertaining it is beautiful and it is so fun! i was a bit hesitant to download this game because the description it seems like a boring endless game, but it is so much more!
anik paul : it's a great game for sure. but nowadays it's crashing before open. sometimes crashing while playing or start to play. don't know why it's happening.
hailey clark : at first glance it looks like your average game but once you play it and get the hang of it, it becomes natural and relaxing. the background music is very sarine and calming. 100% recommend.
karan brar : very good game. it helps me kill my boredom. animation is amazing, sound effects are great. i don't have to watch an add every 30 seconds. it's fantastic! thank you for this wonderful game.
callum lisner : alto' adventure is a beautiful game. i love the use of zen mode and when i'm stressed it's a great game to play to calm down. it is simplistic but fun.
virginity_makr 69 : zen mode is the best music i've ever heard, it's calming, peaceful, majestic. the game is your average runner game with a unique art style, and if you hate ads just switch off your wifi.
max hunts : i fell in love with this game the moment i saw it! the overal mood and feel it has is just perfect! i adore the music, the style, the characters... <3 definitely worth it!
the knightman : this game has a relaxing feel yet still challenging. sometimes at work when it's hectic it's nice not to play violent games and chill out. after rank/level 10 it takes off.
unknown unknown : found a glitch that when in zen mode and you fall in a gap, you keep falling until void and alto respawns at the begin of the gap which means endless loop of falling. i would like it if you could do it like in the tutorial, when you fall in the gap in the tutorial, and alto skips the gap you can fix it that way.
allan demarest : love this game! it would be great if i could redo the goals from the beginning. or maybe random goals can come up as i keep playing after all the goals have been completed.
monarch 2004 : great game right when it starts to get a little boring the game throws a new and exciting challenge at you. and to deal with the ads play without wifi, or with airplane mode on.
faith williams : great game aside from the excessive ads. even to replay a round, one has to sit throught tedious ads that at times have kicked me out of the game.
xpertea : this one of the most relaxing games i have every played. the music relieves all the stress i have, and also the sounds of the game itself is so realistic. thanks for this game devs
l : i absolutely love this game. which is why it really sucks that the game crashes 5 seconds in. i'll give this 5 stars once it's fixed bc it's a really good game and i love the ambience but please fix it!
chris kelley : very cool, artisic game. just wish you could adjust rate of speed until you get the hang of it more. love the airy and crisp background sounds!
vaibhav bansal : all is good but there should be one checkpoint so that if a player reaches a good distance,he should not start it with initial.
super gamer : the best game i ever seen.if u want to relax and play a game.this is the perfect game to play and the background music that's awesome. good jop "noodlecake"
denis kostadinov : jumping over stuff is really weird. you lose a lot of momentum without a reason. jumps follow more of a ballistic curve rather than a parabola.
nonsensevging joel : the controls are responsive and there is no unfair loses. the objectives and upgrades feel great and you only see yourself improving.
darthdanimal doman : alto's adventure is a beautiful game and relaxing game, the same with the other game alto's oddesy. this game also reminds me of a beautiful console game called steep. one more thing, i can't figure out where alto is from, my guess is in the himalayans.
azk : the game is simple to play though you need to get used to the control the player for a while. best thing i like is the amazing graphic backgrounds
default master rmr : i like this game but all levels are almost same just run and run.... i think it can be better when some new map will added....(r.i.p english)
xxdepressoxespressoxx : as someone with alot of stress, this game is very calming and enjoyable. the design is very visual pleasing and the soundtrack is excellent. 5/5
sunena shetty : the game isn't registering the completion of the level 32 task wingsuit for 200m. heck i've had the wingsuit for over 1000m and it still doesn't friggin register! my game is up to date so i don't understand what the issue is. please fix it!
player 580 : the music is calm and peaceful.the scenery is extremely beautiful.the gameplay itself is simplistic yet fun to play.with zen mode,i can forget about the pressures in my life and immerse myself into this beautiful world.i'm pretty suprised that you can buy merchandise in the gift shop in-game,i'm planning on buying one soon.even though i only played 10 minutes of the game,this is easily one of the best game that i've ever played.
google play india : great game. at the bottom of my heart i just loved it's soundtrack. classy graphics and soothing music. gameplay and game story is just above the mark.
vishal durai : smooth and relaxing gameplay. mainly the music! just put on the headphones and it will take you somewhere deep into thoughts.
martin cox : one of the worst type of games. where it is a premium game but it expects you to pay for skips on a regular basis. it is deceptively addictive. do not download. you will have just enough fun to purchase more fun instead of an upfront cost.
meehiiplayerzz : this game is so chill same with this game's brother alto's odyssey, whichis kinda better in my opinion. i suggest adding an animation when holding the screen like in odyssey. the graphics are the "chill type" same with the sounds, bg sounds and stuffs, so far no probs, ver ver nice game
vincent nowak : terrible design. poor controls, great artwork and music, but there is very little substance to this game other than a nice coat of laquer coating a thin laminate of awful game design and mechanics.
coolguy niceguy : this game is so beautiful i love how the time changes and the music is peaceful the graphics are amazing its just everytime when i die i can't even watch a ad to relieve but overall its a great and peaceful game
jake leigh : looks very pretty. otherwise very basic, played flash games with more depth 15 years ago. the unskippable ads and the constant prompting asking for payment is obnoxious to say the least
jay : it's a fun game but... the ads or ridiculous i would rather pay the game instead seeing an ad after every "run" all in all tho it's a really fun game to cure your boredom for those long bus rides and those boring family events
sean harris : i give it a two just because of the nighttime in game. you can't see anything at all and there is no setting to adjust day and night cycle. annoying af.
shah chirag : probably the best relaxing and entertaining game i've played till date.. simple concept and simple controls make it enjoyable.. and sounds are good.. keep it up..
haru boy : this is very good game it gives me a peaceful vibe and good thing is that it has a zen mode where we can play endlessly with beautiful song playing in background and when u play while using earphones u will feel very good.!
chinmoy kalita : addictive game but there are some impossible jumps which forces you to watch an ad in order to continue from that particular point and that's the reason i am uninstalling it.
ishan kalia : the best game i have ever played. graphics, music, atmosphere, controls everything is great. totally recommend.
unite modongo : one of my favourate games.the game is so simple but is so addicting.amazing graphics,incredible music and you can play it with not that much thought a very relaxing game.
florentino santiago : i just want to inform you that i'm so so and very much so dissappointed in this game. i have played this game for months just to unlock all the characters, and when i deleted it and reinstalled it again, all my progress was lost. the main problem is that i'm sure that i have saved it in my google play account since my achievements are in there. so just... dammmmnnnnn.
brian busby : such a bummer. this game was amazing and they ruined it with ads. i'd pay to remove them, but it doesn't appear reliable or possible.
mark schwanke : should be able to choose forwarder back flip option. some things are impossible to jump on early in your run.
owen : the game is excellent, but about a week ago it just crashes on startup. it's the same with alto's odessy.
ace 2k : game is super fun on a laptop when your bored but it would be so much better if you didn't have to click the mouse everytime you wanted to jump.
greg : purchase disappeared. i purchased this game a few years ago. uninstalled it on the phone i had before my new one. just went to play it again and i am getting ads.
s.a.m. : this game is just amazing and calming, i always find this game one i come to when i need to relax and just have a few small challenges. and if i just want to relax i can turn challenges of and enjoy the game. really i would recamend this game to any who would enjoy it.
s g : i love this game but it's unplayable on pixel 6, the wings suit button is in the same place as the camera and doesn't work.
antonio culjak : ah, the classic. the moment videogames like these are born, they are overwhelmed with positive feedback due to no ads. later on when they add them, oops, everyone starts spitting. welp, you got what you deserve.
lana perez : this is a very fun game with awesome graphics. i would prefer altos odyssey because it has the power ups. overall this game is really fun.
jackson dunn : game is poorly designed, there's things in the game that just kind of end your run no matter what you do and make it a little unplayable.
steven derochie : something i can play right before bed. the music in the game is super soothing. just cruising down some big slopes. great game.
m.a2z : need multiplayer as well as portrait resolution mode to make it fun and simple with single handed gameplay, at any where any time
astro hassan : this is an absolute desire! you can't stop playing it with the stunning graphics & enviroment. keep it up!
michelle grant : beautiful graphics, relaxing music, not a single glitch, overall perfect game!
doug nichols : i really enjoy the game, but my new phone has a hole punch camera and the wingsuit button appears mostly behind it. need an option to move it.
jackson bunch : terrible game, the concept is stupid, the mechanics and controls are so overused in every mobile store game, i hope mobile games like this one that clearly took no effort to make, get burned off the face of the internet, so better more original games can come back to the front page of the store.
corrupt y : it's not a bad game, just so easy to get bored of the constant tap tap and loads of ads. so boring do not get.
joseph cooper : this game is very simple, but very addictive. strangely relaxing. beautiful art, sound and design. the ads are a pain, but everybody's gotta make a living.
tan kent : game is nice, graphic is superb. but when watch video to revive, sometimes go back to home screen after video finish, that sucks!
daniel burgener : i played until i got to my first ad. ads are fine, but when i tried to click the x to dismiss this one it clicked the ad. once i got back to the game, i tried again very carefully, and it still clicked the ad. after five attempts to dismiss the ad and keep playing i gave up and uninstalled the game.
brain freeze : i really love the windy and snowy weather. so basically that's why i've become addicted of this game..but the thing i mostly hate into it is the ads which come after 2 rounds ..so there is no doubt that i'll play it with connexion off .. so try to fix that as soon as possible..thanks to all the team who've developped this awesome game
abhay natke : i really loved this game.. never felt bored playing it...has a great graphics & calming sound effects.. though in the end levels get tougher to clear bt it's fine cause that's why it gets interesting..
kartikey ken : this game has a deep place in my heart i still remember i played this game first time on someone's else phone and i fell in love with this game . the themes of the game give you a direct connection to the beauty of nature and it is extremely satisfying. we don't need games like pubg or freefire we need more games like these actually all these games like plant vs zombies , angry birds , etc., are all good
connor bell : simple, easy to learn controls, but so endlessly playable that it becomes something you get in the zone for. thanks noodlecake.
connor denton : the mechanics are as beautiful as the graphics. no ads unless you want a free revive, which is pretty reasonable in my opinion. well done guys
aneesh nair : 5 stars for the game, i loved it but deducting 4 stars from it as your ads are irritating. after watching an ad, the app which was advertised automatically opens without even clicking a thing. once amazon music app was advertised and opened and then when i tried to close it, app got hung. improve your ads
dmc advance : good game to start with but gets very repetitive. too much focus on the other characters, but i enjoyed it for a while, but ultimately uninstalled as it is not engaging enough
brian frichette : there are two types of games. games you buy, play, and finish, and games that want you to sink more and more money into. this is the latter. could've been great, but they had to do this coin bs. hope it fails miserably.
tenate108 : i love this game so much, i sleep on it every night, good job developers, music are hq and inspiring and also the visuals are stunning, i am looking forward a new game related to alto or a sequel.
shreyansh kulshreshtha : this game is sooo calming and nice. the music, the graphics, the simple controls, all make it a very awesome game to play.
mahli mar : developers know what a quality game they have created. beautiful, easy controls, oddly addicting. the soundtrack is also extremely soothing
michael alvin : sincerely this i've seen more games of course but this is just wow it's just wow because the zen mode feature is just it is just relaxing as you're playing it's very very relaxing and also the background music the graphics and the sound effects are also very very legit very authentic
kyle saw : one of the best game i've ever played. the background and music makes me so relaxed and motivated. great game to play when you need some rest.
harish rankawat : chasm jump is not so good
amal roy thomas : this i play at my childhood and that time this was my best game
abhay poptani : just one thing the game should not have so many goals, it would be amazing if could just enjoy the visuals with light gameplays.
stephen o'connor : edit 03/12/2020 - score dropped to 3 stars. the game is super buggy now, it glitches to often, making the game harder to play. love this game, relaxing for my stressful train journey.
h clark : such a delightful game to play. the controls are simple; gameplay challenging, but easy to get the hang of.
louis wagner : fun game but too many ads. it tries to ask you to watch ads when you fail to get a revive, which im fine with, and when you say no it immediately gives you two ads anyways.
kevin saunders : ads are obnoxious and frequent. game isn't worth nearly $7 to disable ads. otherwise, game is alright, but can't recommend because ads are annoying.
xander ginn : most relaxing offline game i've come across
with the power of my stand : i love geting pop up ads mid game then crashing in to a rock because of it and the constant ads that just break the feel of the game and also the random lag spikes when your about to jump a rock or a cliff or anything is great
archit sasta : this game is great and android version is better compared to the ios version. it is not bugging and the game is very responsive and dont lack. in ios it is still good but takes a bit more time to load, so the android version is better.
contact chris : it's a bit rage inducing at times but it's challenging, addicting, beautiful and all around smooth gameplay, one of the best free games i ever played. would play again
bruh 16 : this is one of the best games i have played on mobile. it is very relaxing and i could play zen mode for hours. no ads,no lag and doesnt need wifi. i think that this game is a must have.
miles uijfr : super peaceful, and a great game overall. only issue, is when you pause the game, the screen flickers.
yokabel million : i love the graphics of the game.it feels smooth and different from other games that try to hard with the 3d models and look bad.it also barely has ads and is just enjoyable to play.i definitely recommend this game if you enjoy chill smooth games that bring a peaceful vibe
flippin peachy : honestly like this better then odyssey, but thats just preference mostly for the soundtrack and simplicity. i've played this game for a long time and its so relaxing.
darlok williams : this is a very boring ripoff of the original ski safari game (released in 2012; this came in 2015). while the art style and animation is, admittedly, absolutely beautiful, there is very little value in continued play. the "unlocks" are meaningless. there is no variety to the gameplay. the soundtrack, while beautiful for the first 300 times you hear it, is not as catchy as ski safari's. also, ski safari provides a ton of unlockable upgrades whereas alto provides almost nothing that alters gameplay or increases your abilities. overall, other than the pretty graphics, this isn't worth buying or playing more than a half hour or so. sorry, iaps and all, ski safari (and its sequel) are much more fun to play than this boring thing.
abby braun : i like the desert one and the winter one but the winter one is my favorite i would recomend this game to anyone i do have one segustion to have a option to skil the tutorial.
emery braun : amazing game. immersive, beautiful soundtrack, minimalist graphics, and simple but fun gameplay. awesome work, team alto.
thepyrope : this game is truly beautiful, reminds me of deer god, i know how hard it is to make a game but i just want to say, ya'll did a very good job on it, i love how simple it is and yet fun. the only downside is the adds but i'm aware that can't be avoided.
ambati sai kalyan : most relaxing game love the concept of the game the music is what makes the game really special with a good pair of headphones you can really get a good experience during these quarantine times the best way to battle anxiety 5 out of 5
julius ian duero : when i just downloaded it just now, while having the tutorial, i wasn't pausing the game but suddenly it pauses one time then it happened frequently so i uninstalled the game and reinstall but still the same. my phone is huawei nova 3i.
anirban manna : i bought the ad-free version of alto's adventure and received 5000 coins, which i used to upgrade magnet timer and hover timer to level 3. i quit the game and when i opened it again, my upgrades were only level 1 and my coins were not refunded either.
demar tobey : what a fantastic game. the music and the graphics go together in such a professional way, and the characters and art style just add so much. this game is better than macaroni night at jack nicholson's house! -gex
margarita rayzberg : the game itself is terrific. the ads, however, are awful. i would gladly pay for this game to get rid of the ads. as it stands, the ads are too disruptive so sadly i'm going to uninstall it.
raging fire : the graphic are the best, it looks and feels so realistic. it's so soothing and the music is one of the best in the world. i bet it can cure anyone's depression
jason brody : whoever made sound track and music for this game deserves an special place in my heart. 10/10 it made my soul melt with it's simplicity.
avid riaz : best geme to pass time. specially for those who love relaxing game. the music and grafic is outstanding.... overall a beautiful concept to relex mind.
amit chand : dumb logic, objective was to perform three wingsuit loop in row, and to catch llama while wingsuiting, did it but objective did not complete. on the second time loop objective got completed. so weired. also screen is freezing while jumping.
a google user : it's not about the actual gameplay but the background and colors. the game is fun sure but just looking at the background puts you in a good mood
ar tech : the game is amazing , just need to remove some little bugs . character does not collect some coins or equipments even after touching them . ( on ground )
karan chheda : the sound is soooo soothing that it makes u wanna play more even though u r feeling sleepy. i am glad that i found this game. very nice. the aesthetic background. personally i like minimalist drawings and that's what got or helped me find this game in the first place.
raymomma acklin : alto's adventure: the game devs did great. they made a game that was kinda chill but also kinda hard. keep up the good work.
pyzorg : honeslty , this game is so chill , aesthetic and relaxing , i could play this game with background music for hours , beautiful graphics and options to record or take screenshots , would definitely recommend for whoever wants a simple chill game <3
mohamed mansoor : this game is awesome and wonderful. it has beautiful scenery and view. i can feel it like i am in switzerland or siberia. its a fun game too.this is a best game for people who are stressed and have migrate. because its a relaxing game. i love this game very much
gabriel huajardo : really fun, relaxing game, for the people that are complaining about ads, just turn on airplane mode, this game doenst require wifi, other than that really fun game, i recommend
hailey baker : simple, fun, relaxing. perfect challenges to keep you engaged. ads are not intrusive and no push to buy. very nice casual game.
morgan dalton : this game is absolutely amazing . i am recommending it to anyone . the only thing is that coins are really hard to collect. otherwise a all round amazing game
pratik bhatt : alto's adventure is the most peaceful and aesthetic end runner game in the market till date . this game helps to relax both my mind and soul in such a way that peace is established . the game design is really minimal and aesthic also same for the music . tl;dr 1.audio-10/10 (great) 2.gameplay-8/10 (fun but might get repetitive for someone out there) 3.controls-8/10 (easy to learn a little tricky to master) peace & positivity that's what this game about .
al kyr : beautiful scenery & music along with a smooth experience, but boring after not too long..
big brain77 : i love this game. the concept is super fun and i enjoy trying to get new high scores and unlocking new characters.
vidyadhar hegde : a game that relaxes and calms you mood. beautiful graphics. serene music. enjoyable gameplay.
mitchell ward : my favorite game on the app store so far. even if u dont feel like going for a high score the zen mode just tops the cake in the game. the soundtrack plays the biggest part
raymond mittochi : yo i enjoy playing this game,its very time consuming but reason why i gave you 3 stars was because your game keeps glicthing and i gotta restart the app just to play lag free so may you fix these lags cause i cant take it
terence stigers : when i choose not to watch a video to revive a character, it means i don't want to watch an advertisement. uninstalled.
omkar hasbe : game is nice but there's a bug in game sometimes in the game the character won't jump even after tapping on screen like the normal one the game runnes properly just it don't accepts control response from us.
william martin : can play this game without paying by there is too much emphasis on watching advertisements or paying coin to revive your character, which makes me think the levels intentionally pull a fast on you quite often.
stan p1harmony : amazing! the graphics are really good, game play is also really good. music is chill in the bg which makes for a relaxed time playing this game. this and alto's odessy are the only two games i have downloaded and i love playing them both!
hyper fa : it was really relaxing & good overall! music tends to get repetitive & so does gameplay & i can barely see the rocks at night.
saule rima : i thought it was going to be relaxing game but i cant do a back flip, i tried everything but it wont do it. im disappointed
jatin kachhela : a masterpiece the music is perfect the aesthetic the environment the zen mode everything about this game is beautiful and the guy who made the music and sounds deserves a raise
samuel dugbartey : the quality, animation...everything's perfect in this game. you'll never be bored playing this!
khalid latif : addictive game with minimal but amazing graphics. love the zen mode and the soft music. the levels give me urges to go on and on.
kahra loding : i lost all my progress in this game because i switched to a new phone. for your information, it will also be pestering you with ads like never before.
mithun mithun : the game will be good with levels as it is like watching the same scene over and over and it just goes and goes on and the guy in the horse is so fast that he catches me easily
slash patron : this game is great though it has bugs in my phone. so far bugs are the only thing i have noticed.
george kameroff : when you crash into a pit doing a flip and restart. the camra does not pan on izazal. i lost a lot of progress because of that. i got a photo of it.
tentedeagle : noice.... i just don't it when gravity and physics actually work and send me down a cassam instead of bouncing on a balloon. other than that, game is poggers
vinny fidanza : hard. too hard. super hard. all the other reviews say "great game, super rexaling" but too me. it is a torture chamber.
lawrence ebale : i have a problem on sleeping so to help me relax ,i play this game it's good the graphics,the music it's perfect ,and it helps me fall asleep
austin farmer : for a game all about smooth/relaxing visuals and sounds, it's weird the game caps itself at 60fps. devs, please remove this frame rate cap. it looks extremely choppy and laggy on my phone!
martin sky : good game but would be fun if it had different scenes and setup .not the same starting point and goals .
mohammad al ali : funny ..but sometimes boring
noah pleiter : the zen mode is very relaxing and helps you calm down after a long day. the music is also very calming and the art style is nice.
krithivasan v : a nice game with good graphics . fun to play when you are relaxed or feeling down. amazing game devs.
sage jakobi : hey, the only reason im rating it one star is to get the makers attention. ive been trying to pass one of the lvls, but theres a task that has been really hard to do because the game is glitchy with it. its to catch a lama with the hoaver feather, but the first time i got a feather, i triped on a rock. i think that defeats the purpose, right? also, this time i got a feather, but i flew right above the lama! i would like this fixes please. also plz put in a place on app to complain on.
dr. dennis neder : not great. controls are intermittent at best. tricks rarely work. graphics, meh. not worth the download
swati moondongre : i love this game because of many things like the background, rain looks very pretty and it is very calming unlike other snowboarding games.the best of all is the music , superbly stress-free .thank you for this awesome game.
real markinator : beatiful little gem. it's gameplay is simple and it's visuals are amazing. highly recommend!!!
phillip moody : love the game play, aesthetically attractive, but that music and the sound effects! zen mode is pure genius! really great way to relax!
squeenixu : genuinely one of the best mobile games i've ever played, very smooth and addicting gameplay, you don't need to pay a penny, and the ads aren't intrusive.
laura : this game is absolutely beautiful. the graphics, the soundtrack and the effects are stunning, and the gameplay is simple and relaxing! 5/5
eev _ : one of the best games i have ever played, it has good sound design, graphics are absolutely gorgeous and im in love with every single bit of it. good job!
bruhbroz : its breathtaking. (ps there is a glitch where if you fall in the right way the board spins and floats away also could you add a racing mode where you race a npc/player? thanks)
wayne o'banion : this game is beautiful. torin borrowdale did amazing work on the zen mode music. i just had to put his name out there. the game is simple, super chill, and beautiful. get high, play zen mode, and appreciate the music.
irina demirgian : the sound track is beautiful. the zen mode is relaxing. the graphics are incredible. the entire game is just *chef's kiss*
daru dsouza : i just love this game how each character has his own advantage thats amazing and 1 more thing is that if u could make new maps then the game would be more amazing
shamim ahmed : love you alto very big thanks to music composer, extremely meditative music you have created, the zen mode was super wonderful. another big thanks to the game developer, for the wonderful concept and the game arrangements and everything. thank you very very very much.
soumik karmakar : it is really a very adventurous game. full of full . but if a joystick was fixed then it can be more tough.
michael bingham : what a neat little game. easy to learn controls. pretty scenery, and even a little challenging. 4 stars
m a : loving the game, beautiful little masterpiece. but not loving being forced to watch videos. "watch video to revive alto" - nah, i'll just start over. *clicking end run* *ad runs* no, bish, u r still watching this. not cool.
sean mundy : was a good game. but after wiping my progress and inserting ads that freeze the game, i can't recommend it anymore.
k b : hey there devs, it's not starting on my smartphone. i have asus zenfon max pro m1 4gb ram 64gb rom. other games like pubg mobile, call of duty, alto odyssey are working fine. it shows black screen and stops/force close and 'alto keeps stopping' message shows on the home screen. i installed and reinstalled it many times from the play store but the error persists, i don't know what is the problem but the problem is in the game itself, maybe.
randy carter : beautifully illustrated but its wasted by forcing to watch ads every little mistake. irritated into quitting before i had a chance to appreciate it.
renato : game is gorgeous. but, rocks are hard to spot (especially at night). horse guy is too difficult to avoid sometimes.
carter stewart : great graphics and beautiful scenery and design, and so far from what i can see there are no ads whatsoever! amazing game,good graphics, no ads
nikolajs romanovs : cheating instead of cheking your ability to do hard levels. if you need to jump over 5 chasms in one run, you will never see any of it. but tons of stones and towns. if you need to brake stones or do something in town you will never see towns or stones. what point of it? dislike and uninstall
joshua killingsworth : a very fun game with nice visuals and easy controls. definitely something to pass the time!
emily : the graphics and background music are very aesthetic and soothing. you can also prevent ads as long as you don't have an internet connection.
bruno bavaresco da silva : not gonna doom the game with a one star, but i instantly dropped it once i chose that i did not want to see the add to continue, but the add played anyway. on a good note, the scenery was pretty!
nobody_really : works smoothly even on a cheap device. really great graphics and really relaxing and addictive game. no skill required and fun. 10/10 recommend.
sociey_repose : i really live this game. the style is beautiful and the music really makes up a lot of the experience. it's engaging, i'm not too great at the game but i still like to play it!
nox : this game is phenomenal! the music is fantastic, the art is very simplistic but pretty, and the gameplay is really well done. 5/5 would recommend.
austin : why cant i jump?! it says tap to jump in the tutorial but suddenly i'm not able to jump anymore. i end up crashing on the first rock i encounter! frustrating.
derek sobol : the night cycle is annoying, and makes the game basically impossible to play about a 3rd of the time. otherwise it's an enjoyable but not very deep time sink.
lisa tanzi : wish there was a paid version. i can't stand having to watch a 30 second ad every time alto crashes.
andrey leshchiner : one of the only games that looks exactly like the trailer in-game. very fun to play. i play it offline all the time, and it is super good to just relax and play.
hitendra madhu : sir i'm a non player of games. & i saw this game in my 25 yrs old son's mob & i'm so amazed to see this wonderful game. it has capacity to dip u into meditation.. by its zen type music & magnificent background. i never thought a game can be so positive that it can send you into trans... really beautiful.. thank you for providing the same & that too free of cost.
joe shepard : this is my goto game for clearing my mind and relaxing. it's fun, easy, and not taxing at all. so i can play it and ruminate on things while the music and visuals are calming.
bidarahalli adithya : the game is so cool and very nice to play recomendation:play this game with headphones. you'll get a nice and good experience...also add new things to be purchase in workshop. the only thing irritating is ads. so playing this game in offline is best...nice game cool audio
antonia polat : relaxing, fun, easy to get used to, beautiful graphics, amazing music; everything is perfect.
sarah gould : l really like this simple game, made more complex when playing with sun glare on the screen as you must keep your eyes focused. watch out for those rocks!!
g b : so i love this game to bits. it's just a fun little adventure down a mountainside. that being said my antivirus just said it contained malware and i reported it as a false positive but just in case i deleted it. just want to let the devs know.
joe montoya : simple waste of time. but, lets be realistic... the ads are super f!#@ing annoying! really, 2 ads within an ad? i know its all about $ but really?
bhumika korat : it's relaxing adventure game! the landscapes, music and weather everything is soothing. concept is also good.
eyenjau singha : its the frst time have come of my own to give ratings bcz this game is sooooooooo realxing and so good ..its music is out of this world ..superb ..i love it .. main thing is the game is simple but the music the animated things nd all the nature in it is so relaxing ..i would surely recommend it
joel lahenius : rocks don't visually stand out from the background (trees etc.) and are thus super hard to detect. i don't think this is the point of the game.
justin : fantastic and peaceful, makes me wish i was living out in the mountains. music and art really take this game further and it's simple and rewarding.
will : awesome app! it looks amazing, while being simple. two key words of this game :). i like that there is no pressure in getting the level stars.
a google user : boring. at first i could flip really good but then i do something stupid in the air when i'm trying to flip and then i fall... i can't even get on that line thing in the air!
christel j.a.k : love love love it. if you need to relax and play at the same time this is the game for you. its an impressively inovative game i have to admit. its quite difficult to reach other levels but... its what makes the game a game.
lea schulte : love everything about it. the most simplistic beauty i've ever seen in a speed run game. i don't even get frustrated when i crash and burn.
kabelo mkwani : this is......really cool this game is more like don't look at the cover and think you know it....i think alto is my inner peace...its perfect.. i know good games it has perfect graphics...perfect characters...perfect..skating...you see inner peace "download and find inner peace..
namasiku shinana : i love so smooth on car rides love the game smooth sounds every time it's like the opposite of getting over it i dont think it need any upgrades cause it's great the way it is keep up the great work
xhavia k.l.m : it's a very calming game which still gives the satisfaction of completing goals and levels, not to mention the beautiful aesthetic.
zala silic : this game is the best gane ever. when im stressed i can play this game for hours! it's so relaxing. it is even better on headphones beacuse you can hear the snow, and the music. it's the best
mohammad kermani : it's very bad to see games are designed in a way to force you watch ads, they kill they not for the ads. it makes the game hard to use and hard to pay and they kill the joy
- elder : i've been playing this game for many years and saw so much improvement, so many amazing characters (my favorites are maya and tupa) and, it might as well be the best game i've ever played. the only thing i dislike is that it's $4.99 on the apple store.
dan is back : very calm music and this game is perfect if you need to get something of your mind. you can go in gen z mode and have infinite lives. really calm i recommend downloading it!!
badrul amin : i've already play both alto adventure and odyssey and it's never get me bored. graphics was at it's finest. i felt so calm and relaxed when playing this game. i recommend this game for those who seek for adventure itself
neelanjana k : the game has a zen mode to it which really helps with stress and the graphics are really good . the game is an offline runniy game and is the best running game i've played . visit me on google play games to be kept updated about my current games . i am heraldwitch
harsh somaiya : i loved this game but in a past few days on my s20 5g in running game the touch stops responding and character stops jumping. only way to solve is restart the game. the phones touch is still responding on all other apps.
krishna m. : the graphics and the gameplay is nice..but it would be better if the character and obstacles looks little bit larger..
luka mukoski : as a great fan of side-scrolling arcades, this game really shows the great effort that the developers have put into the gameplay. maybe it's not the best game ever made, but it certainly is the best of its kind.
a google user : i adore this game...from music to characters, atmosphere, very very clean interface...and zen mode is my favourite where there is no problem of falling and end-game...
brennan manning : this game is absolutely fantastic. this is one of those games where you can escape to a world that's peaceful and quit. the graphics music and the no ads are brilliant. this game is amazing.
taylor trimarco : it's good for the first couple minutes but then shoves ads down your throat the zen version though means no ads but if you are doing the regular version with score it starts to really push them down your throat
uchiha : i love this game , i don't usually give review to games but this game is beautiful animated, music ,sound ,concept and little details like switching on light as soon it is night , characters .i loved it
chigbo ugwuoke : extremely relaxing and kind of fun. and the zen mode was just what i was looking for! would recommend as a great offline time killer and relaxer.
stephanie kagle : this game- & its sequel- are true zen. gameplay is honed to perfection with clear love & care put into every aspect. there are ads & microtransactions like any free game, but it's very clear that this is a game first & the devs are not trying to milk every penny out of players as possible. amazing all around.
eudora j. e. : a bit hard to see obstacles, and if i say i'd rather end my run than watch an ad, it still plays an ad. frustrating.
philip daniels : everything about this game is amazing!! the controls, the music, the graphics, everything is so relaxing and i love it.
gabi eksteen : this game brings me immense joy. the music is as enchanting as the scenery. easy game mechanics. would be nice if you added an info section/storyline intro explaining the situation, game machanics and the elders.
austin diconti : been looking for a chill game like this. love the simple, but beautiful art style. tired of mobile games that try to be too much, so this game is a refreshing change of pace
terre cabigas : this game is very relaxing as you said. graphics are good, the sound effects, and the music too. it would even be better if there's a wide range of music to listen to!
sam wiens : the game works really well as something to pick and play once and awhile. with a simple concept it manages to stay entertaining.
prateek hegde : hey guys great work.. i usually don't write reviews but thought this game deserves one... i just wanted to give a suggestion. or maybe it's already there but i dunno... can u add a feature of showing personal best scores... maybe 5 or 10...that would be great
strategic master : good graphics and stuff and very realistic. recommended for people who are always on the go. only problem for me is it can get a bit boring after a while. good game
joshua dias : it's ok, not to say it's that very good like how they have hyped it up on their website. it's just a repeating game with the same level and songs. so maybe after a week you might get bored. it's nice just it gets boring very fast.
wayne loubser : awesome game! if you don't download it then i'm sorry for you! but..... after the last update, the wingsuite doesn't feature as many times as usual, still not going to stop me from playing.
carmen berrios : earn max points, make all your wingsuit and llama horn purchases etc., and be rewarded with twice the unsolicited popup commercials! fun, excitement and thrills as you wait and wonder about what kind of garbage they'll interrupt your game play with! enjoy!
daggs234 : beautiful game. fantastic game to play on the go. i don't regret my purchase one bit. if you have extra money you want to blow, i cannot recommend this game enough. fun, calming, breathtaking, and so much more.
sarah h : omg!!!!!!!! best game in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??!??? i definitely would recommend this to a friend you should too it's got easy controls and it's easy to play and you should get the chance to get this awesome game
who cares : practically no upgrading, they show you only money orders making it hard to find upgrades. all you do is try to backflip, catch lala's and jump rocks. there's no objective and it's not relaxing, it's annoying by the tenth run.
fabricated krueger : has good graphics, runs smooth. but can you make altos weight carry in the air and when he jumps, you lose so much speed. thx
jake thamann : when i wrote a review on the sequel i decided to download this and its awesome!!! the soundtrack is even more relaxing then the sequel and the scenery is amazing really really good game!
umakant sahoo : it is also one of the best product of alto .it helps me in many way.its background music its control its scenery is the best. its music also help me for many other way
stylus sticc : this game looks beautiful. i feel like it could be such a good game, but it's practically impossible to see the obstacles behind the foreground objects flying by.
sakib khan : as told before. definitely a game to play. the scenario and music really are soul moving. this game really has gotten me through some rough patches of my life. i would recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a game that provides a sense of calmness
ham bone : it's a fun game. but it's better if you play it on airplane mode because of all the ads that play for about 1min before you can close them.
lauren wickert : i love this game! i beat it once and then reset progress and am in the process of beating it again. it's always my go to for killing time.
kartik sharma : only problem with game is if you choose to watch ad to revive player and by mistake you hit ad and playstore open. then your gane will start from begining and all progress will be lost.
akshat jain : i love the game but after level 10 the game keeps crashing, it doesn't even starts now. please look into this issue.
thuwonna nguyen : this game is so beautiful and relaxing. would 100% recommend to anyone dealing with anxiety or stress. ps. if ads keep coming up you can simply turn off your wifi or data
valluri sundarrao : review:- alto's adventure - an enjoyable snowboarding adventurer game. rating:- 3/5. alto's adventure judgment is an good enjoyable snowboarding game. but because of for few minus points, this game will get boring after for some time. and that minus points are repeating same gameplay, and controls and execution is just okay.
dominick barberena : finally a great and simple game that doesn't have too many ads. great design and animations.
madhav murmu : chasing game much more interesting than running game easy controls night modes which comes automatically and keep running doing stunts. all who loves snow ski and snowboard likes much and love this game.
quindace feline polinar poricallan : only downloaded the game 6 hours ago and i'm having a blast ! totally would recommend this game to others! (warning: you might fall a sleep with the music) *just kidding * i love it! best game i've downloaded this year!
joao marcos santos teixeira : great and rilex game. i gotten four star because the managers (not the developers) can put less advertising. if you don't play yet, try it! :-)
arlee schreiner : its a fun relaxing game with a beautiful design. however, i will get random adds, or if i click watch add to revive charecter it will say add not available .
a google user : the game is awesome ,is fun to play and simple ,very relaxing. thumbs upand the graphics are simple and beautiful.
saba farzanyar : i loved it. highly recommended. it was free on my android amazingly creative, detailed, beautiful and cleverly designed best my only problem was that i did not understand the philosophy of elders following you. (also turn off your internet then open the game, and you won't have any ads bothering you)
daksha patel : this is a great example that games don't require "graphics" to be amazingly beautiful. if i was a rich person, i'd give the devs a million dollars just for the beauty of this game.
silerthin prath : amazing game. i've been playing this for a long time and have loved every second of it. from the music to the smooth game plays and the calming zen mode, this game is for everyone.
seasonal allergies. : this is a game that i will never delete. it is so beautiful. everything about this game is beautiful except for when you dont catch the llama or alpaca thing it eventually jumps off of the cliff but this game deserves a freakin 10 star. absolutley brilliant in every way.
haemathermal : it's so good and relaxing to play. the music and the background pictures are so fit. i also like zen mode.
johnny walker : it used to be fun. that was before the intrusive ads. what used to be a super relaxing experience has been completely ruined. i understand the need to make money with ads, but they shouldn't ruin the whole experience.
bubbles : for what it is, i live it. spent about an hour straight completely immersed in zen mode. i would usually leave a longer review, but the game just speaks for itself. try it out.
tyrese harris : i love this game so much. it's very fun and engaging. also, i love the music in the background while you play. it's very soothing and relaxing for the mind. i would recommend this game to anyone . thanks to the creators!!!!!!
savita yadav : the game is good with cute graphics, easy controls... we can also chose different characters.. it's a nice game
dean anderson : this is an amazing game, probably my favorite mobile game ever. i got this game years ago and forgot about it, recently rediscovered it and love it. i've maxed everything out, and so i'm moving on to alto's odyssey, see you there!
havoc controller playa : very fun and addictive game i would give 5 stars but 2things need to change 1 the speed of the elders because if your using the 2nd character is to slow. 2 the backlip speed of paz. but overall a good game
yui : first of all, love the music!!!!! and even the bgm is undeniably cool. the gameplay is simple and graphics are neat and cute ('') it's not my ideal game bt sort of stress reliever.
tenille gajadhar : every 2 games is an ad that can't close. fun game but that ruins it. can't really play the game with constant ads that won't close.
yan hesyandi : i was unlocked almost all character in this game (2 characters left) in my previous game, maybe it's 1 or 2 years ago. but when i install and log in to my account nothing happend, the character still locked. what's going on dude?
lucas johnson : the visuals are beautiful and very relaxing. the game itself is also challenging, and creatively interactive.
brian sammons : this is not relaxing in the least bit, absolutely anxiety inducing! too fast to process the obstacles and the timing has to be exact.
enan louise : good entertainment for those players interested in skiing and chasing llamas? game play has you doing stunts, somersaults and avoiding rocks and signs on the ski slopes! it is a simple platform game that you can play when bored with nothing much on tv.
hopping eagle : this game is good has good songs and grafics but the problem with the game is that after 3 games played it wont let you jump and you have to restart the app to play again
jayashree rajamani : this game is the best way to kill time! helps you to keep up your presence of mind...you are constantly trying to collect coins and llamas, while avoiding stones and the bastard who chases you with a stick.
greenalien 51 : boring and the the controls never work. you can't even jump. have to restart the game only to repeat the same issue again.
a google user : this game, unlike odessy is simple and doesnt force impossible missions, play this instead when you are docked at a starport because you are taking a break from fed grind in your beluga or when sdc is taunting you in the text channel, at least this simple 2d game will allow you to blow off some steam a little bit and when the grind of this game starts to dig under your finger nails just go back to grinding you federal corvette!
sam allen : this game sets a mood for adventure, this game will and trust me it will make you want to go out and see the beautiful landscapes of this world that you see in this game. if your like me as a kid you loved to go on adventures you would get this game, the nostalgia i felt playing this game would always live deeply in my heart.
naveen chand : not able to get the free life after watching the videos multiple times. forcing me to use the coins to continue playing.
tonya penn : really wanted to play this, esp. in zen mode. however, the app crashed during the tutorial. great graphics though.
nicolas flamel : extremely calm and concise game. perfect sharp minimalistic graphics. soothing music and simple controls all adding upto a pleasent experience.
frick frack the snick snack is back : i like odyssey better for the inclusion of the balloons, but darn this one is beautiful!! a note to the developers, could you fix when llamas leap over chasms they don't hit the rocks or fall? its sad to watch them die :(
isabella stratton : possibly the most beautifully designed game with an easy game play. lovely soundtrack. moving and inspiring. truly a masterpiece.
m m : the nostalgia from the music and this game i get when i play it is crazy. i played it back in 2015 and is still love it. simple fun and nostalgic. no skill required just chill
sagar sonawane : best game to pass the time. i play this gane for awesome graphics and soothing music. its really amazing to listen to the game music.
ellie anstis : beautiful graphics and simple controls. progression feels fluid and regular, strongly recommended.
feldwebel vertrauen : 10/10 game, beautiful graphics and amazing characters to unlock. its certainly something i play when i'm feeling down or bored.
solo marco : this game is truly so amazing and especially the music is very clever relaxation. even the quality graphic is so rare soothing and phenomenon too! i love it
hari rajeev : one of the most beautiful and relaxing,soothing game i've ever played...the music weather change,tge llama and the hill region...feels like a heaven....simple graphics...etc....stress relieving game for me....thank you guys for making this game...
ridley soares : it is so fun, the engine is very simple, the sounds and effects, the interface are great, it is really nice to play.
brian576nnm : this game is good the only reason why i don't like it that much is before it was free people had it for $4 and i was like why because you could get this on an ipad computer for free but you couldn't get it on phone for free so i found it bad because i'm thinking somebody reported that because it was free on all other devices but phone but it's still a really good game i would recommend that you should get it
emma p : i used to play this game about a year ago, great game, so thought i would install it again. what have you done.....the adverts are constant whereas before there were none....big mistake
joe shmo : it's an ok game. not sure why it's called alto's adventure. should be called alto's snowboarding. it's basically a snowboarding game. cool if you like snowboarding, but really kinda boring.
roaringlionidas : so if your looking for a game with a deep story about lamas then you ain't getting day. if you want a simulator about raming into lamas then this game is perfect. although i wanted a story game kinda annoying.
pk vines : it is very awesome app. it fells like real adventure . whenever i play this game it likes i am there in the game. in the night the game look so awesome. it graphics also awesome . best offline game ever i played . if there were 100 stars i will give it 100 stars.
tulika sarma : i've been trying to download it from half an hour now. its says 100% download and then again starts downloading from 0%. i don't know what is going wrong. edit: somehow i was able to download the game and it is just osm..... just play this game u will never get bored of this game, and the music & sound of this game is so soothing. jst loved it
coal : its just as good as the sequel if not better. the massive looming mountains, the endless hills, i just love everything about this game! it is so much fun and its hard to put down.
silmi asy : actually this is a very good game. the graphic is sooooo good. but the thing i hate is the rock or something size is too small. i can't see that and then i died adn i hate it so much.
myk dowling : charming game with a great soundtrack. not hugely challenging, so a low frustration level.
cassandra b. : beautiful game! i found this game on my ras... this is a gorgeous game with little ads and smooth gameplay. i look forward to seeing more of your games, guys! keep it up!
eli heinrichs : honestly this is the best mobile game i have ever played. relaxing yet challenging, failing is rarely ever frustrating. the wingsuit is a must have
ezra koech : beautiful game. if you read previous reviews then you probably know by now it's graphics are great and it's very relaxing in its game play. you also probably know it's best played offline lest you love ads. all the same, great job devs.
ham : it's one of the best casual mobile games i've ever gotten. the objectives system keeps you from being bored, and the characters are really fun. 5/5, keeping this game forever
cameron m : the only reason why i gave this 4 stars is because it feels and looks like some sections were created with little thought to the section before or after it. other then that it's perfect.
twin games : the game is very calm and slow,letting you injoy the music(recommend using headphones). if you like fun adventure games,you'll find this game fun.
robin w : this was my most favorite game. i still used to play for relaxation. i just turn on some melody songs and paly this games. the graphics in this game is very great. mainly the sunset & sunrise.
weebs kingdom : nice game generally.. stunning graphics and mostly i love that it had zen mode..and the music is very very soothing and relaxing.. highly recommended if you wanna pass tine in a relaxed yet enjoyable manner
nerd nerd : it so good,relaxing challenging,how else can i describe it,but... somethimes it freezes and i have to leave the game then come back.
a google user : really an amazing game. i love it's mind relaxing soundtracks. background, graphics (beautiful sceneries)and everything are sooo good. i play this game when i need a relax on my mind. love it soo much. not enough 5 stars.
gaurav dabhole : very nice game. but on high speed there is a glitch due to which it doesn't collect the coin. if anyone from the designers reading this comment repair it.
whistling whiskers : damn rocks! good game. not sure i'm able to heighten my ability to maintain a hasty type of focus. challenging. i need to stay on edge, that's the ticket!
christina jonas : amazing art, fun but challenging game, and relaxing feel overall. worth the little bit of real-world money.
hawa augustina : this is one game that doesn't really have a gamethrough, because it's not about winning, it's about what have you gone through with your board. zen-mode is a god-send, thank you so much, devs. i hope you're in the best place of your life.
cr be : boring. too much of the same thing over and over. played for 10 minutes and i'm over it. visuals and audio are stellar!!just too repetitive for me.
mina magdy : it's cool game but it becomes boring to repeat all the same stuff all over again whenever you loose, and the tasks getting impossible the be done without watching the ads
arokia nathan : this is one of the most decent games i've ever played, there are so many things to it, the theme itself is simply magical and i love love love the zen mode. totally recommend it :)
cakey14 : i adore this game! it is so beautiful. the sound design is amazing, i especially love the thunder storms. zen mode is unbelievably calming. i love everything about the game!!
a google user : very fun time killer, no pressure to buy things to enjoy the game and advance thru first 30 levels, plus zen mode is awesome relaxing.
m0nst3r : one of the best mobile apps i've ever had!! has never lagged before and helped me relax sososo much!! i would 1000% recommend installing this if you're struggling with autism or adhd (like me) bc it helps me fidget sooo much!! love it!!<33
yova vasquez : beautiful game, love the experience and the soundtrack pfff just majestic! keep the good work guys! also, you can plan offline so that rocks!
mar pink : i used to play this game with my mom back in my freshman year of high school. i graduated two years ago, and just recently re-download it. maybe it's the good memories, but i find this game to be extraordinary. it's got lovely music, a simple but fun premise, and beautiful scenery. it never fails to make me smile.
louise goethals : so beautiful. i could stare at the game for hours. looove the day-night cycle and the weather. it's just such a relaxing, fun game that can also prove quite challenging!
tariq wiliams : graphics are beautiful but why are there so many distractions like showing best distance when a rock is approaching and you can barely flip.
michael aniekwu : great to pass time, straight forward - i dig it. rocks sometimes blend in with scenery so watch out! lol | may show up differently on your device.
mr. kangaroo : best game ever played in my life. i played many games like pubg, fortnite, among us, hill climb racing 2 and many more in offline but never seen so much simplified and adventurous game like this. this game should deserve 4.5+ starts i don't know why people dislike even the most lavish games like this one.
sri anjan : the game graphics is absolutely awesome and the music is great it will give a great experience in short time
zombie ss : never thought i'd be saying this for a game, but this a great stress buster. the best thing one can do before a good night's sleep is to play this game. music is best i have ever seen in an android game. lags a bit sometimes, but not regularly.
robertshelly bingham : amazing!!!!!!!. i have ptsd from the war and this game is one of the most relaxing games ever. when i start to feel anxious or panicky....i can play this game and it soothes me. great work. hope to see more levels.
jose tom : this has to be the most beautiful game i have ever played. why didn't i discover this earlier?? i'm such an idiot. everything about this game is amazing.. i just love the music, the scenary.. everything!! it's so beautiful!! 5 stars!!
roan roberto : something i didn't know i needed. i find it very relaxing especially on the zen mode. i love the music and the graphics. good job.
a google user : absolutely amazing game.... thr graphics are amazing thr scenery is gorgeous and the music is awesome ... mostly i loved the music and the zen mode. the game is calming and awesome
niranjan p m : the game takes us into the world of majic where we dream that if we were in that place such an amazing game more than playing experience it it will take us into some other place such an experience was mine and the graphic also the slow motion is all amazing
poorava kumar meena : minimal graphics with beautiful background and background music. great game for relaxing. it's fortunate that it is available free.
nicole satiembre : i hate that i always lose the game 'cause the graphics's just too beautiful, i get distracted everytime xd. love this game fr. very relaxing. would highly recommend
abrar shafin : best game i ever had! music is awesome .those lightnings , the graphics is too much charming. controlls are great and the main part the story! just woow
tiggerforhim : i never review. this is so good. so easy to pick back up after being away. a pleasure. one of only 3 mobile games l have kept and keep returning to, at the end of the day.
christian batchelor : pretty relaxing, but the magnet causes a 1 second freeze that can get you killed and the feather doesn't work until you jump. pixel 3xl
betsy downes : such a cute little game on the go, no need for internet, and such fun levels and loads of character's in the game! i loved playing it everywhere!
mr. man-man : best mobile game i've played in a while. it plays well, has a reasonable amount of ads, and looks nice. would reccomend.
dave eccleston : do you love ads? then you'll love this game. couldn't even play it sometimes because the ads took over the screen. uninstalling.
a google user : all i want in a game. especially the revenue model: not too many ads and a smart way to pay for additional content. probs!
mark rodenhauser : don't understand the hype, it's a pretty random ski slope generator with nice relaxing music and sound effects. woohoo. should be free with minimal ads. i think the reviews are shills - all 5 star say same things "relaxing". the actual gameplay is not well thought out, and hardly any real content... nothing ever progresses in this game and the primary skill you hone is distinguishing llamas from rocks in the dark and foreseeing the future to avoid random rocks that are unavoidable if you jumped
cute cell : the only thing is all traps are not shown put a signal for rocks or traps, and the controls are terrible! this review is for alto's odyssey too.
arlon wiba : smooth clean graphics. easy to pick up and play. a perfect game to play in the train on your commute.
beagledore : this game is beautiful the graphics are awsome. the gameplays not perfect but i mostly like the graphics and sunsets in the game.
justin james : amazing game! loved the soundtrack and it blends so well with the gameplay. helps me relax a lot. kudos to the developer.
golden cut : visually appealing but that's about it. minimal gameplay. maybe coffee wasn't the right substance to use while playing the game tho...
il etait une fois : this game has stolen my heart the scenario gameplay song n everything in it is of the charts n this makes me feel comfortable especially the zen mode. it worth ,keep it up
ahmed raza shibli : the game is fantastic and the music im zen mode. damn it's so perfect and peaceful i really loved it and it helps me relax a lot. thanks a lot to the devlopers of this game. loved it so much
zubaida abdulkader : this was a gud game once but now lot of bug and lags and also can u add something like online multiplayer or new maps or final option a new game just like this with better graphocs and other stuff and different mode like hard mode or easy mode or normal mode
dany abboud : best game even .peaceful silent music and very good graphics easy controls .it is a world of adventures anf peace. keep the good work .
public puffin : amazing graphics and gameplay. love it one improvement is to extend the day time and add a ,just night or just day button for zen mode well done developers good job !
creative chris 2 : i didnt play this game much so idk much about it but i think that the character is small and that he could be bigger because some people can't see well with how tiny he is. my cousin says it's a good mobile game.
josh gordon : alto's adventure is a pretty game with simple and intuitive controls that anyone can understand.
dovah kiin : i've played this game before... as i keep switching fones i keep downloading it again. this is by far the best game on the play store. it is indeed a solid 10/10...if you do not believe me, play zen mode
mohammad zahdeh : thank you so much for this app! i know this is gonna sound stupid but i've been going through some rough times and alto really helped me through it, the zen mode is just too calming and amazing! thank you again for such a wonderful app
rajesh t : both games are good,calm and meditative. can you add some additional features please.
weirdo person : this game is the best! i play it from my android and nothing is wrong. the gameplay is addicting and so fun! and the music is beautiful! 11 out of 10 would recommend
benjamin spitz : the game crashes every time i activate the wingsuit. the in-game ads are repetitive and obnoxious. fix the wingsuit and i'll consider contributing to the devs.
delirium : this game is fun and challenging. it is great to play when you're bored cause it keeps you on focus and entertained. and the graphics are absolutely gorgeous.
mlg lukyking : amazong game just amazing. its music is well made and played its envirnments are well designed while also being very simplistice with its shape. overall a great game in this over saturated gaming market. but heyy thats just my opionin so try it out
ara gureghian : i like both games but as another review wrote please fix the fact that chasms even with speed cannot be jumped! most. that is ridiculous as it should be a simple fix... please get to it or i just have to uninstall. no sense playing this game at all...
matthew burdick : absolutely fantastic game! the graphics and music are great. a very calming and relaxing game.
a google user : the in-game ads make this game unplayable. i don't see a way to pay to remove the ads; maybe i already paid and i don't remember. whatever. uninstalling this and odyssey. too bad, it looks like a fun game.
xassassin play's : it is not bad because the game is what it says it looks like but there are tons for glitches and i got my phone 6 months ago and this runs fnaf ar but yet this game sometimes don't jump when you gain speed and it is a slow restart also my game lags at random but somehow this phone can play fnfa ar perfectly and this game glitches meaning this game is laggy and fnaf ar has more lag but it moves smoothly on to his phone but not my other meaning this game is laggy like hell and sucks.
steve martin : the game is great, the adds are abusive. i understand showing me ads if i want to continue with a run but to force ads on me if i want to start over? to much.
thunder light : i love the game and it has everything the sun comes up and the sun goes down which i really like. what i love about the game is that its a amazing relaxing, steady, aesthetic game keep up the good work because its amazing
anup kumar : simple but good graphics . but , the best thing you will like in this game is its sound effects . i love the sounds and feel relaxed
harsha vardhanreddy : it is one of the best offline games i've ever played.ait has excellent graphics, nice gameplay and superb controls.
deac on keys : amazing game and very fun best part about it is that its an offline game but the only thing is i normally play on laptop and its made for mobile and i got to use the touchpad which hurts my finger so if you could make it so i could use space or any button on the keboard but apart from that 10/10
ethan baez : this game is packed with soothing sounds and visuals, with pleasant graphics and a fun and interesting core gameplay concept. overall, this game is therapeutic and engrossing, 10/10
divya jyoti sharma : this is by far the most relaxing game i have played. no stress. you can talk and play it. and also it can be played offline. i have played this game for 4 yrs now. hasn't disappointed me yet. if you are looking for a chill game with calming scenery this game is for you.
tom lynham : it's pretty but awfully boring. i appreciate other reviewers comments about the beauty of the design, fluidity, etc. but after about fifteen minutes and a few frustratingly invisible obstacle flops i wondered, "is this it?". i guess i'm just not zen enough.
general prodigy : an abdolute masterpeice. its casual and simple yet difficult to master. keeps one engaged for however much one wants. the scenery and the graphics actually make me feel like im back in nepal
swaroop sahoo : very cool graphics and good soundtrack to go with. can add different modes though.
tabrej shaikh : it's much nice game it s quite simple and nice when i played the game i feel relaxed an my all stress is gone i feel very good to play these game an would really like to give thanks to the game company but i would like to tell that add some challenge and sceans etc
yup lord : well made and absolutely stunning visuals and it makes me gush at the soundtrack. amazing game to unwind to offline.
munachiso enwere : if you are planning to download this game save your data am find something else, cause this is just a total waste of time....you would be doing the same thing over and over no new game environment....mtcheeew
rida : it's good game and i loved it but there a problem in it sometimes i can't jump and a have to reopen the game to fix this problem and sometimes it doesn't work so i have to do it again and again to fix it so please help me and fix it
sri himanshu mouli garimella : really nice and peaceful. did not like the ads tho. they weren't there initially but that started now and they are pretty long and boring so steals the thunder of the game.
jameel ali : nice peaceful game with awesome graphics & weather effects. simple & easy controls. cool menu navigation.
jafor siddiqee : theres a great influence of background music in this game,i dont know 'bout others but the bgm just makes me feel good in every mood,in this game. i dont know if my review could be seen by devoloper,still i wanna make a request to change the bgm after every match,,atleast 5/6 bgm will be enough,that can be played after every matches one by one,hope it will be devoloped in next update
lucy 8 : i love the game it's so peaceful but you all need to fix the sensitivity when it comes to landing if the tip of the board is it should count like if you lean back just a little you'll crash please consider my request thank you
cleavon olivera : this game is awesome. the animation style used is very nice. overall game is smooth and peaceful. the game is simple but i think there is room for improvement in the game play.
cheyenne jordaan : can someone please tell me how to fly proximity wingsuit. i like this game alot and i won't mind telling my friends about it..if someone could maybe do something about all the adds..i see every player complain about the adds
jgouken : very, very calming game. can be played offline, amazing graphics, and an all-round calm experience.
aaron minsk : great casual game. sometimes gets really dark and i have to turn up the brightness, but otherwise it's a good looking game.
scott vander meulen : perfect. beautiful artwork and sound design, happily paid a few bucks for the ad-free version.
moonlight gachav : this is an amazing game. the music is relaxing the graphics is amzing the setting.... everything! is just amazing
johannah dube - mu : this is by far one of the best game experience i've ever had. the graphics, the music, the vibes are just from a different dimension. definitely a 5 star
shafayat jamil : the best way to timepass. it's not addictive like other games but fresh your mind. a journey towards beautiful scenery and with background music actually motivate you
harry morderer : nice music graphics but sooo boring gameplay just jump and turn around is that all and its really really see those rocks in the dark. i may want to play on roar to school during day time and its immopaible to see rocks unless you want to make your beightness max and kill your batery
saideep samineni : yeah,its good to play for some days....but its sucks if you play all the time.bcoz we really have only one map and the same man goes and goes....i hope they include more maps and more challanges.i got bored quicikly,but i do have the app with i play when ever i get bored.
parashifty : so far, its not addictive but its one of the best games you can ever play, its calm, stress relieving. hoping for more updates.
colleen sequeira : it's a wonderful concept and a great vibe. but it's frustrating when it gets dark. i can't see the rocks! this game shouldn't have night time
dibrisco : visually stunning and fun. the quests are easy to achive but push you further each time. you dont need to pay or get good to enjoy it
my tab : this is one of my favourite games, period. but the only annoying fact is the lack of an only night mode, i request to yall pls pls pls enable for us loyal followers a night only mode, that would be way way way more soothing to play
ethan rice : fun game, works pretty well free, spending money isn't a complete waste, beautiful graphics and game feel. it's a game app that is actually a good game.
neo dufour : excellent! the only problem i'm facing is the incompatibility with the notch of the oneplus 7. if this can be optimised it would be great!
aswin p j : can you please include an option to force night time in the game. i usually play the game in bed and the color changes are really irritating. please include an option to force 'dark mode'
cereal eater : this game is great i will call it a movement based game cuase when you unlock more characters and unlock the wingsuit you can go super fast i do think they need to add a setting to remove the day night cycle and for the people complaining about ads just turn off your wifi 10/10 game.
leane dias : its great.just need help transferring my level from another device because i don't want to start over. google play is signed in on both but for some reason on the new device it makes me start from scratch.
caren travaso : love the game! but, for some reason on tapping alto doesn't jump. so, it gets unplayable.
kevin hunter : i would love this game if it worked when i tap to jump. why does it only work sometimes and very rarely? what's the point in playing this game if i can't jump and i just smash into rocks every time?
ok boomer : its beautiful the levels are meticulously crafted and even thought its in 2d the controls are easy to understand 5/5 for me.
a crazy coder : this is sutch a wonderfull game. simple, smooth grafics, and a good consept. it was a full 5-star game, but then they added advertisements. why? what happened?
gulammustufa naiyer : i'm very disappointed due to some add like colour bump 3d which don't have option to shut it down, and it keeps on playing on my screen. and due it i have to loose my scores achieved
willy illuminatoz : comparing with alto's odyssey, this one is not better. i really hate the elders, rocks, and sound of bunting rides which is hurt my ear.. the biomes are not attractive and less variative.. also i guess there is supposedly no rain in snowy area.. nothing's new..
richard coote : this game came highly recommended. it needs serious work, it is frustrating when it it takes you 3 days to do one flip. very slow.
a google user : my friend really loves this game, but it's been 2 hours and it still hasn't downloaded. i might change this once it installs, but until then, the clock is ticking
phoenix ! : this is literally my favorite game ever. i would love to see a racing mode with friends (when you fall you wake 1 second before you get up)
alex michael : what a wonderful game this is. this is just a normal game tho but what makes it special is its design. it's music and it's look. it just uplifts the person. overall the game is good.
md. mikata khan : it is easy to learn but hard to mastar.it has a variety of gameplay.it has a very relaxing and calming music.
vikas saahil : the game is fantastic and makes u calm and more peaceful.the music so refreshing and calm that if u r angry or tierd of doing work ,u can play this game for 5 or 10 minutes only and u will be calm and happy at the end!!! developers u have done a great work!!! i really appreciate this!! thank you
soham kumar sahu : beautiful and peaceful game. soothing music along with simple graphics makes it a very interesting game to play.
nalule erine : this game is great. equally challenging as it is relaxing.not forgetting it's beautiful graphics and music.
konrad okonski : it's a poor man's version of ski safari 1. you'd be better off playing that one- better controls, far less "skip this" and "watch this video".
tiberius octavius : alright the game has much less ads and you don't pay for a lot of things but there's just not a lot to do. i wish there were something like levels or campaign.
the rogue sammy : simple but really enjoyable. it's got great music, an additcting adventure, and not too much bullsh*t pay to win stuff.
markus : amazing art and great soundtrack. i don't find the gameplay to be really engaging though.
vishnu vardhan : the game has a bug that if we fall into a chasm and revive, the character will be inside the chasm and will not run it'll stay there only and the distance is also showing 9000m, 9001m and again 9000m and repeats.
darshik purohit : worth it! although it's upto the game to make you reach to the next level.. but you will love it.. might also remind you of old paramount logo..
meljo piapot : i love this game! the music and the game itself is so relaxing, it's easy to play, and the graphics are amazing. definitely worth 5 stars!
ravi varman : this game is good the animation is fantastic but they can do many improvments in the game like changing charecters and costume design and new skte board
naomi toju : honestly, one of the best games i have played so far. both the music and the art is beautiful and relaxing, especially on zen-mode.
j t : beautiful graphics, simple controls, fun challenges. love this game.
sivaram achu : wow, this game is really amazing and its healing mind .this game is i started i vanish and i came my imaginer world. iam so inspire,, that mountains, that beautiful sunshines and sunsets, spring and winter seasons changes. this is my imaginer world... thank to the teamworkers of this game.
nicholas morgenstern : redundant in minutes. forces ads with jarring music/sounds you cannot close without being taken to the play store.
warryck wade : this is a perfect game. visuals are amazing, it's zen mode is very calming, mechanics are perfect, and fluid gameplay. if you don't know if yoy should get this game or not, get it
bikoomixc : it is the best game on the app store. very fun and it does not make you spend lots of money. i would recommend the add free version but you can do without.
pawan kumar : i die again n again. i an can't control me watching background and listing music. while playing this game i was lost in dreams like mountain and peace of mind. this game is best.
kundan : shittiest app. ads completely destroy the experience. ads never go away and keep repeating. there is no way to exit ads. there is no exit button. this app is a huge scam.
dark apple : i love this game!!! the graphigs are super cool and i feel like relaxing when play this game. the best one is the zen mode, that the game will change into an endless game. tq for making an amazing game
eliena laurentia : it's a really fun game to play when you're chilling and stuff, somehow got a peaceful and relaxing vibe, and the graphics is awesome^_^
farabe : stunning visuals, smooth gameplay and soothing music. absolutely perfect game!
a jibaly : cannot synch gameplay. seems excessive to be forced to purchase this game on every device you play it on and additionally have to start your progress all over.
animation hub : my offical favorite mobile game, the music and art style is fantastic! i hope there are more games like this to come in the future.
paul c : good graphics, but the game is boring. you just tap the screen to jump or hold to backflip.
avery : very relaxing!! (especially in zen mode) it could use more music choices though.
kazi abdullah arman : this game is so nice!!! it's so relaxing and peaceful. i first played this game back in 2018 and playing it now reminds me of the fun i had playing this game before. well, i actually loved it but imma rate it 4 stars. also, you can play this game on pc.
matthew nisbet-forster : i remember when this game was introduced on sky news and i was so happy when it came out. it's such a cool and so relaxing and the music and graphics make want to play it for hours
appleuser#00 : very good experience all its need it different maps and jt will be a 5 star. it has not noticeable bugs or anything related to that. very good game
omar fouda : compared to alto's odyssey, this game has worse graphics, worse soundtrack, bugy gameplay, and worse missions.but still a nice game.
evan corley : this game is fun to play but the jumping sucks and the only way to make those big jump is with the speed boost that's also bad sicne you only get it when flipping over things, other than those things it's pretty fun to play
sergio dias : this is the best game i have ever played in my cellphone. i love it! its so beautiful and peaceful. the way things just flow, the sounds and ambience. perfect! thank you for creating this!
jessica : this game is truly addicting me, and the music in this game is calming you while you're playing. the music especially when you listen to it with headphones. love it.
cas : this is usually a great game, but lately the game has been crashing everytime i open it. i can't play at all. please fix this issue!
jade : it's pretty good well made but the rocks are the problem. i have problems jumping over rocks. other than that the game is great
gayan h : my display is set to turn off in 15s normally. but during the game, if i don't touch the screen for 15s phone turns the display off & lock the phone.
nicki chambers : beautiful graphics and soundtracks, along with great gameplay, this game is as close to perfection as possible.
anuj prakash : bugs - game won't continue even though video has been watched. crashed twice on my redmi note 7 pro. will update the stars once these are addressed
80 guitarguy : best game ever. musical score+visual appeal+smooth gameplay = instant relaxation, escape and fun. best with headphones.
mena c : its relaxing, has amazing music, and is incredibly fun. if youre looking for a relaxing game this is the one!
jeremy pack : has potential but buttons lose response! can make jumps with buttons losing response! can't jump chasims! no update in 5 months way to go devs keep that game working!?! not!
zaphirom rashir : beautiful. calming music, authentic graphics, it's just perfect to play while relaxing.
muhamed lisic : the game is great i love it, i just got bored of the same lame add ,(i don't know which game is it anyhow a girl screams and its quite annoying), over and over again. game as a game is 5 stars.
r gaming : this game is the best! its soo peaceful when using the zen mode, no deaths just the peaceful mountains and amazing sounds. the game has amazing sceneries! its amazing no bugs nothing wrong, it straight up amazing!
jimmys stick of fate : used to be my favorite game, but now it always freezes without fail within the first 15 seconds of opening the app. can't play it anymore.
lily wang : really great graphics and interesting game play. though controls are pretty hard for most characters
swaroop kumar : good game if you're into mobile gaming. although i never played this for more than 5 min on a stretch. and ended up uninstalling it as it was quite boring.
marcus hughes : i bought the ad free game a while back. and now i have to buy it again, so hard pass for me. the game itself is amazing, but not to the point that i have to buy it again.
bitto benny : dear noodlecake, the game is simply awsome now i want to ask you something.. can you apply the alto's concept and graphics with the popular kick buttowski character and and built some game with power ups and quests based on the series -with regards
utkarsh pathak : loved the game. wonderful environment. just can't believe how such a simple game can be so addicting. everyone should try the zen mode.
rohit kumar : the best relaxing game i have ever seen i feel sleepy after playing this game for 15mins music is soooooo nyz.and sound of rain and fx like thunder and all are just nyzzzz. how can a simple game like this become sooo addictive!!!!!! good work
kartik tambi : incredible game, exceptional graphics and sound. this game (and alto's oddessy) helps me relieve myself, i love it. sadly, playstore has a limit of only 5 stars.
raquel torres : the most soothing and bueatiful game in mobile history. if your looking for a zen, relaxing yet addicting game alto's adventure is truly the best choice. and im passionate about that statement.
althaf m.a : alto's adventure is a good game . the tasks were very interesting ,which is very anxious about the next tasks . it's an interesting game ..
imnotquitesure : this is honestly a great game, it's a great time killer and unlike most cheaply made mobile games on the app store, it has very few ads.
anupama bharadwaj : a visually beautiful game that has a special place in my heart. i am not the type who plays video games because they feel violent but not this game. this game is enjoyable and thrilling.
josephwheeler1 : you playing for like 20 or 30 seconds and then crash then you have to watch a video or pay to play again or exit out and restart it could be fun but it takes forever to start over again.
david evans : forcing me to watch an advert after every run now is really putting me off recommending it to anyone. shame. it is such a good game.
below zero productions : it's a great game, with amazing graphic. my only complaint is that at night time, the rocks are extremely hard to see.
dana cousins : if you're looking for a simple game with easy goals this is it. i can easily say this is my favorite game ever. i wish there were more games like this. even the music is relaxing.
mcwalter willbrord : same trail over and over again. i didn't even touch the screen to achieve 5000 points. the good thing about this game is the graphic design is awesome.
devil drops : thank you so much .. i was so stressed and just came here to install any game to get relief and i found this here... it's such a stress buster ...music in the background wiping out all the sorrows on my mind... arigatou
oliver travis : this is a well designed game that gives you a break from everything. a brilliant idea and beautiful art to go with it keep up the good work
tabantha : love the graphics. the ads and the fact that it won't register my touchscreen consistently sucks.
saberi marais : game is good however there was inappropriate advertising while my child was playing it, so i uninstalled it. sorry but it's not worth having it installed if that filth (18+ content) is being advertised during the game.
ayush sarkar : amazing adventure game with wonderful scenery and calming music.it creates a sense of introvert and creates a soothing atmosphere around me in a pleasant way.i usually play this game when i feel sad and it makes me feel cheerful.deserves 5 stars , nothing less than that.excellent creation,love it.
kelloggs : very good game. i just think that the night time is too dark, therefore rocks and black writing is very hard to see.
nancy :d : if u are searching for a relaxing game with amazing graphics this is it. just completed 1 level . amazing game .
hoodie : relaxing with a beautiful soundtrack and gorgeous art design. gameplay is fluid and keeps me coming back. 5/5 best game on my phone.
connor gartland : this is possibly the best mobile game i've ever played. fun, pleasing aesthetic, great music, and the ads are tolerable (and easily disabled of you pay)
madhab bhaskar7 : this is more than just a game.this game is best in its own way with full of adventures.the way the weathers transform and the lighteninng effect makes it most addictive.i hope this comment would inspire you to make more games like this.this game is awesome in headphones and high refreshed devices......
ayush sinha : i habe this game for past 3 or 2 years i'm not sure. and man, this is love. so relaxing, and the music is so light, it's therapeutic.
dawn alexander : this game is beautiful and very relaxing. the graphics and gameplay are superb and the in-game sounds and music are perfect.
muthu vignesh : one of the best games ever! the latest one - alto's odyssey has been installed in my phone ever since the first day i saw that and has been my all time favourite.
mtdoge : no words to describe this game, i have played alot of games but this is one of the most relaxing games i have by far experienced, looking forward to the next game and more great moments!
saudamini pradhan : it's really been 4 years of me playing this game and seen the all new updates in it. i personally feel this is an amazing creation which makes people feel relaxed.
jack forbes : one of the few relaxing, but challenging games that lived on my phone for almost 6 months. most games don't last a week.
a google user : i don't know what's wrong with this app, but every time i start playing this game my phone turn off the screen within seconds of play, otherwise game is very interested once you start playing
marko markovic : after tutorial you suddenly can't jump over chasms even after going downhill. that's because when you die you can watch an ad to get revived. scummy practice
tara rb : it's really fun and relaxing and the music is also super calming. i have absolutely no complaints. well done! you created a very good game
barb propst : i do like this! it's relaxing to play & the music is calming. i love trying to see how far can i go. the zen mode is wonderful!!!
arman syah : ok this game is not bad but....its just boring....it lacks fun....take example temple run,subway surfers,jetpack joyride...all of tht is fun...items,powerups, skins and limited events...this game...is basically a cash grab....skins cost money all of them, not only tht it simplicity makes it boring....its like a game tht has been dead....the only thing its good is the graphics its amazing! but...overall....kinda dissapointing since this is an editor choice....
shaylee bester : wow this is an amazing game with good graphics .the game has a normal mode which is very fun an a zen mode which is very calming. i love this game , would definitely recommend.
sneaky_sniker08 : if your looking for a relaxing game this is it, i love to just go on the free mode so when you crash then you could restart right there.
eloy pm : easy to learn and a fun way to kill time. beautiful and yet simplistic graphics.
start now - game end : love it really good to relax and play a mobile game. headphones are needed for a nice relaxing experience.
bappan mazumdar : i just feel a uniqueness whenever i play this game. don't know why the overall game sequences touches my heart. the graphics , sound overall it's up to my emotions
ben humphrey : significantly worse than altos odyssey, not because of the features, but because of the amount of ads.
rs n : there's a bug that prevents taking input if i crash while holding down the jump button. please fix.
carly gallagher : the graphics are peaceful and game play is fun but when the time changes to night it's hard to see the rocks
j : doesn't work well at all on my s9. used to love it on my old phone but on my new phone it pauses every few seconds, even if i'm not hitting pause or even touching the screen.
abraham obaid : sub par. ad's on a game i paid for? disgusted and let down. this game is not worth the 2 bucks and the ads will make u hate every single person who was involved in making this abomination.
priyanshi das : the most relaxing and calming game. i love it. this game is sooo good who wants find a peace by playing a game. it's a best way to relax after being busy all day, specially for students.
epic emerald 2 : this game is fun for about a year. then it gets really boring and the quests get super hard late game.
elite nuka : beutoful graphics but sometimes you cant jump even you restart the game again and again,if you cant jump you will die , so how can i play fix the bugs and i will give 5
ganesh karhale : this game is awesome. the visuals are stunning and graphics are beautiful. opening this game takes some time but it is worth it.
maria eftimie : i love this game but they double charge me. i already paid for the game and now i am asked to pay money for each character. this is not cool :-/ i earned them by leveling up
hd piyathissa : it is very easy game but some times it become hard. i like maya very much. and the zen mode is very useful for relax my mind
ella b. : beautiful and serene game. very relaxing and fairly addictive. best game i have ever played, no wait time on anything like some games as well.
ben jones : minimal with a calming soundtrack. perfect game to pass the time or to aid in relaxing!! love it!!
ankita mitra : there should be brief descriptions on certain goals e.g 'land 3 backflips with maya in one run'. i have no clue how to run with maya even though i landed severl backflips in one run.
yos doggo : sound is relaxing, gameplay fun. minimal ads, super fun, especially on long, tedious car rides.
ed. paul : i like the mechanics & animation of this game! you guys should make some other games with the same engine/developers. this game keeps me sane.
lrda : this game is soooo relaxing. when you pop on your headphones, get comfy and play, all your stress and worries are relieved. the gameplay is fantastic too. overall 5 star worth game.
laurie rogers : this is so good! like there aren't many ads. you only get one ad and there skippable. i have had no trouble with it soooooo five stars!
jarret stone : this game is so relaxing i recommend with headphones felipe if my favorite he is a llama and is better than all the humans lol and best of all almost no ads i really wish more people knew about this game it should be the new amoug us i love the graphics and the music is amazing i just can't with this game soooo creative and soooooo well created this game should be know worldwide if you are stressed you need to play this game this is actually the first game i gave a five star review plz download
kyrios : good game but it lags too much after loosing without any purpose .. i don't know what's the wrong with it. you need to fix this after we can change this review to more stars!
alka jauhari : its zen mode is full of relaxation it works best with headphones its a nice relxation game . however it also have a score mode but i hadly play the score mode .
lemonaiden : best game i've ever played. this one and the odyssey have great graphics and the sounds. a very exciting game and very relaxing. this game made me smile.
tasnia maysha : amazing graphics! and very enjoyable as well but i wish there was a bit more to the game but still would definitely recommend.
vidhu sharma : great to de-stress. beautiful imagery. hard to understand some tasks but on the whole really nicely made.
naresh kumar : the gameplay, soundtrack, graphics are all wonderful, it brings a calm, relax kind of feeling. love it.
sara m.s : this game is so great, it has a great theme music, great environment and calming. if your willing to download a relaxing nice game, then download alto's adventures.
bhavya bhardwaj : casual games always make me wonder, how some things can be best even whey do not offer so many options. simplicity at it's best.
a google user : the game looks really beautiful, + the music, but i didn't like that you have to restart again when you fail.
michael h. pedersen : nice graphics and all. but in the end it's the same as most other mobile games....single finger tap action...which grows boring quickly.
opal littman : this app is so fun, i am surprised it is free. it is calming and relaxing, the adds are a bit much but if they were to lower the amount of adds they would have a 5 star rating from me.
justin carico : i think this game is truly extraordinary because the game is about alto going down a mountain that never ends and it makes me wonder what is at the end and it also makes me wonder what makes alto want to go to the end. and other than that a good game and i wonder what is altos story.
rakhi saha : i just love this game after 2 years later i have played a enjoying game. whoever has made this can you make an updated version which can we race with other people online.
alyssa w : really fun and relaxing! highly recommend if you want a game that you can just sit and play between classes or work!
isaac isaac : i am on lvl 55 and there is a task "pick up coin magnet 4 times in one run". it seems bugged, i picked it up at least 6 times in one run and it still doesn't work.
faridah haliru : i can't seem to load the progress on my old device onto my current one. i can sign into my games account, but i for some reason i have to start from scratch. i want to be able to continue from where i left off on my previous device. alto's odyssey doesn't seem to have this problem, so why does this game?
yung shim : it's a great game timing is key just flow all the way down with aldo and various characters which perform differently based on how you like powering down the hill it's siick
clark collins : it's already frustrating enough that you can't see rocks well in night time but a npc chasing me who is automatically faster than me is complete bs. uninstalled!
sen somdev : this is not good game, it is the great game. i am a filmmaker very selective about my time spending and it worth my time i play both adventure n odyss!
mzamo magubane : wow this game is sooo relaxing and even tho it's my first time it makes your first time playing it wonderful.you can play the game when you're mad and you want to cool off just put on some headphones and play.this game is truly one pf the best i've ever played.
yael : amazing graphics! if youre looking for a challenging and fun game, then this is the game for you. im only so far into the game and already know i love it. i do recommend it. i love this game and you are going to, too!
delaney r : very relaxing! only thing is when the llamas are running down hill they glitch and shake really bad. other than that though the game is amazing!
madhu sachdeva : i've played games on xbox, playstation and even pc. but this game is easily the best graphical looking game i've ever played.
a google user : beautiful game that's casual and has an amazing soundtrack. only con is that some stuff need money to unlock.
a google user : just go for alto's odyssey! this title gets a bit boring after a while, as there's not enough content.
arun : i love the game so much. it makes me relaxed. the beautiful scenary along with the peaceful music makes the game more intresting. good game keep it up
luc michaud : i use to play this game all the time. it has some fun progression and is hard sometimes. it is what i would want every mobile game to be like.
jegathesh kumar : this game has everything it needs to pull me in. not a word more or less would be unjustifiable for the game's serenity and visuals it's about to show.
rajesh ketala : one the best game i have ever play , especially the music. sounds of thunder and rain are best . use headphones to feel the game .
kevin hsu : used to love this game but it won't open at all and hasn't in months. tried uninstalling and reinstalling multiple times but it hasn't worked at all.
foxduty xd : there is no reason would make me rate this game less than 5stars but it needs more songs in it. and if u made one more game with some planets views would be very nice.
blesson thomas : amazing satisfying game...better than odyssey...its more dynamic and exciting. the graphics and music is amazing.
a google user : fun and addictive simple runner game. the visuals and music are what makes this game more appealing.
achilis dragoon : simple and beautiful. i love this game. almost have this for a year i think. honestly, haven't played a game as beautiful and relaxing as this before. thanks guys
noel lelcaj : great game but altos odyssey is better because it has more fluent animations but this game has dynamic weather. it depends in your personal "taste"
nila wilson : i is amazing, it's very calming and fun and too excited, it's just simple and fun, and if your looking for a relaxing game i would recomend this game.
mukesh naidu : it is the best game for time pass and to play in lockdown best but . there are problem such as the rocks can't be seen in the daytime and we should buy coins in the store
kaidyn green : i rate this app at a 4 because i'm not sure if i can get the other people and i really hope other people have a nice day for a year and a year and you can do it for a year and a month or two days and then i love the game because i'm so addictive to the game that i forgot it was monday today oh shoot i have school today but anyways i love the game because of the gratifications of the game it's so awsome and it i hope you guys impressionistic people like this game see you all later and it is 1:59
saaniat 1309 : love this game... it's cool & fresh music help you to get out from all kinds of mental problems that's why i love it more than others game... & it is not so much hard games like others
marius claassen : player on screen way too small. unnecessarily difficult to see the rotation angle of the character when doing tricks. this is especially true when tge backround is at night
saket kumar : gorgeous looking backdrops and smooth gameplay. but i got burned really quickly , it's repetitive and not so fun after a while
ylan : was happy with this game but nowadays i keep doing the tasks 3 or 4 times without it being counted as a victory. i'm afraid i can't play it anymore.
kirsten sweeney : i absolutely love this game. the zen mode is really nice to play if youre relaxing or listening to an audiobook. would highly recommend!
ian michael : the game is pretty fun but the fact that you just have to run, make some stunts is just boring. it is just for relaxation purposes. it's fun and i love it
brandon edblom : this game is fine. it has a few bugs, like sometimes, you can't jump at the start of the game even though you can. aside from that, it can be fun from time to time. maya is op and i don't mind.
meghna jayan : this game delivered a very different experience. it's like being in another world. so calming with the added music and sound effects. glad to come across something like this.
mctruce zak : wow! wow! wow! alto's adventure wow!, i just got the game and i'm already impressed, the sounds and the game play! just awesome i thank y'all for your creativity and hard work. keep it up!
dhan macedo : amazing! such a great experience playing this game. relaxing, and zen mode is great to get yourself out of the competition mindset
rich r0b : the game is very good but it is literally ski safari with improved graphics, mechanic for mechanic it is exactly the same, game is good but i think feel like it's stolen
yemi fowosire : such an iconic game i love it a and the funny thing about it is that whenever i delete it or reset my phone i always end up back to it. ive played this game so many time yet it never disappoints
mr. frank : why does the game slow down when jumping over chasms? it's the same on pc and mac. it's sometimes just impossible to reach the other side which makes this calm game so infuriating. the in app purchases are also a joke.
samih hayes : beautiful game! it would be good if you could save your progress like in alto's odyssey.
jazeb sarang : the game itself radiates peaceful vibes and calmness whenever i play it. this game's graphics is so much better then other endless running games. i loved playing this.
ragen venti : fun game but i had to uninstall because i don't want to watch ads between nearly every run. and i don't want to pay to remove them. bummer!
generic name here : this game is amazing. it is relaxing and unlike some games it does not have that many ads and you don't feel forced into being addicted to it. i highly recommend for all.
fardin : this game is a-w-esome. each and everyone should play this. the graphics and the mind relaxing music is amazing. it is like i'll play forever
noname noname : wow. just... wow. try it, you will like it. so relaxing and at times mesmerizing and the soundtrack... oh the soundtrack
random person : bug problem. character doesn't jump sometimes. had to restart the game. pls fix it .
parneet kaur bawa : i really loved this game. this game is best time killer and the...background music, the background looks and everything is like really stunning!!!
rissa : the tutorial needs to l be skippable. it forces me to slow down when i've played this before on my pc and know how it works. i've already gotten bored so i'm uninstalling iy
emma mills : really fun game to pass the time only issue is when it's night time it's way to dark to see anything even with my brightness on full would be nice if you could turn up the brightness of the night in game
harvey lamb : just a reskinned odyssey. not nearly as enticing or fun to play as the original. definitely fun, just not worth your time.
abdur rahman miraj : love the graphics and the quality of the game! it gives me much relaxing!! i highly recommend this game for the people who always carry tensions!
bee fathima abdul khader : i usually dont rate games but this thus is jut too good for for words. the graphics, the scenery, literally everything is just overwhelmingly epic
re1th varma : best game . good graphics . one handed controls . good music . stress relief.
rin senpai! : i really do not know what to say about this game it's more amazing !! i do not know what you're thinking when you design the game because it is amazing music and wonderful scenery is a little tough but really amazing and i want to thank you for your hard work
shazin rahman : best offline game played so far. i don't care what people say about good graphics , i am just in love with the aesthetic graphics of this. thank you guys
einrich ael trinidad : this game is so unique and its very beautiful.. i play this game when im bored and this game makes me happy..i love the graphics of the game. the music is so satisfying and calming.. this game is so good.. hopefully this game would never end..
riley amell : it's a fun game, you can be a lot of characters but, i think you should add more characters don't end at tupa go farther than that.
edward freeman : it got repetitive and boring . there should be different slope levels (not score levels).
sanidhya srivastava : seriously this is the best game ice ever played the best part is that it has zen mode where there are no points and distraction just run its sooooo satisfying if i had the choice to give it 10 stars i would definitely give it
jack koppa : crash on startup every time now oneplus 6t. like the game a lot, but wondering if it will still be supported on current & future android versions?
samuel olubiyo : i'm usually very critical about games, but i think this game is one of the best games i've ever played. the graphics is awesome and the game play is epic, i love the art. good job.
david boring : simple, with great art & sound. top notch!! perfect for a relaxing break from the day.
james patterson : great game find myself wantingvto progress further unlike other small games like this by small i mean in there premise because it's just going down a mountain but it's really addictive 5 star
raian islam : best indie game ever. what a beautiful sound quality! loved the controls and visual effects.
lynkx :p : i remember having this game on my other phone around six months ago and it was just so great. it's beautiful, relaxing, and fun. but somehow, when i install it now, it isn't working and i can't play. i don't know why but i can't play this at all.
gustavo fernandes : relaxing, amazing, stunning. simple but beautiful. makes your ears and eyes have a true moment of delight and let's you know what simple small happiness is. unlocks the true zen personality you have inside yourself. 5 stars.
fbi : the art style is so simple yet so good. the music just completes the whole game. 10/10 would reccomend
rosendo : duuude, i had this game before it was monetarized with microtransactions and ads, i just wanted to play this game .. and i just got a poor excuse of a home invasion.
luke goldsmith : i cant describe or express how much i love this game. the music the gameplay the surroundings, its just amazing. you will never regret getting this game
pasghettid : saw the game on a phone at the samsung store and got hooked to the game but never remembered the name. after 2 months i found it. best game ever.
keshav viswanath : such a blissful game to play.. it's beautifully designed, easy on the eyes and not complex in controls either
ozer erdogan : perfect graphics musics and experience. should be played with earphones.
solutions of technology : everything is ok but game should be more zoom. i can't specify which one is me and which one is obstacle. so please zoom in at least 2x so that we can really enjoy this game
brendan mckendy : i uninstalled this after i got too addicted. it is so satisfying. one complaint is the many clicks and waits needed to get a new run going.
troubling_torch : one of the best indie of all time.....!i always play this in my spare time......!the soundtracks is amazing....!it always feels like that i am the character....!ui is simple which is what i like.......!honestly,the best game ever......!five stars for sure.....!thanks you for bringing such an amazing game for us.....!
sedem krispat : this game is one of the best in the world ... i just like the way the music plays ... i mean it's so so relaxing... i thank the creator for inventing such a wonderful game... no wonder you guys received awards.... bless up
biiwuu : i love this game so so so much and all i could think to do from getting back home is to play this game, the levels are really easy (to me bc i'm a pro at this game) and fun to waste your time.
french&johnnyofficial : i love this game. it's so satisfying in many different areas. i also like how there are many goals that are for us in this game. overall i give it a 5/5.
sam t. wp : it's addicting. there are some flaws tho like power-ups, even when collected, they won't activate but still it's an amazing game
aditya rungta : the game is very relaxing and the music helps too it is challenging but not annoying.
bigcats : a quick getaway from your day to day activities along with a series of challenging obstacles and great graphics, this is a game for you to try.
tariq pouponneau : i was expecting something like the adventure time game, was not ready to be hit in the feels with the music and calmness of this game. best mobile game ive seen in a while, i give it mega huge pp
god : it's a nice game, especially in zen mode, but it really just feels like a knock off of journey to the point of it becoming distracting
johnson thaungongngam kamei : best game so far in play store. thank you for making these types of games. absolutely brilliant no bug no issue no nothing so far. thank you again.
vasco doweiya : this game is so relaxing every time i play the mode that no need to score there i can relax my mind there because the song and the grafic are so good and relaxing no problems in this game best offline ever
gabriel cox : great relaxing game to play. if you play offline it will not show you half a million ads. smart and easy to play on any device. five stars.
muffin frost : such a calming game....especially zen mode i love it zen mode has such a calming and vibrant effect on me. such exquisite and smooth flowing graphics i recommend this game for those who have a bit of a temper
axel naperi : this is a great game...i wish you can add a multiplayer setting where you can race with someone....anyway its a great game...nice music
victor muniz : annoying and intrusive ads. game is good though, when you can play it and not have to deal with ads f.ing it up
isaac lubrun : one of my favorite phone games. i'm not into crazy games just relaxing and fun games like this. i usually play it on the train going to work. love it !
young cedz : hi its young cedz again i rate 5 star the alto's odessy this one is great to well i suggest that if you update this to like what i said in the alto's odessy yeah like the meteor and tornado in the mountains and if you add some avalanch so this game is gonna be so so great and cool well my tip to you guys is "more update,more fun" thank you
tobias asplund : it's pretty great on pc, and i'd love to be able to play it without interruption on my phone. but i can't see any way to purchase the game and get rid of the ads.
karim_playz11 : the best graphic, most relaxing, and calming mobile game i've ever seen. oh and the zen mode is a masterpiece.
tamsin brown : i love this game!!!!!!!!!!! this is one of the best games ever i love altos adventure i cannot flaw one thing i definitely recommend this game i dont say this about every game i play and this is one of the best so far!!!!
ashna akarsh : best game best graphics best music everything best i want that like zen mode there should be a mode in which the whole track is made of ice i love speed no obstacles on that mode i would love it i will be waiting for your message back
yeshua hamashiach : perfect. graphycs, music, gameplay, controls, smoothnes... everything is just perfect.
kenneth o'donnell : this game is everything a side scroll game should be. its beautiful, fun, and has an amazing soundtrack. 6 stars.
calyzo 118 : bruv this game is beautiful!!! the art and the music is so calm and relaxing. the zen mode is also really fire. yall really tried with this one.
santek izzo : added ads to the free mode when previously ads were just something you could watch to revive you. now you're forced to watch the ads.
cyreigh king : we know games will make us challenge but this, this made me calm with its minimalistic graphics. perfect.
swervoo cxpalot : it is the best adventure game i ever played i love the music but they have to remove the ads but it is an fantastic game and i like the views of the background
vojtech pilar : i couldn't control it properly. very frustrating to play. how can anyone be relaxed playing this that's beyond my understanding.
ser : well,i'm personally aa pubg and pes player...but now i'm very much tired of those games...then i switched to this interesting game....oh man!!!its such an amazing game...it find myself more relaxed when i play this.... i'm horribly interested in this....
raheal shabbir : stunning aesthetics, however the feather is broken i don't float when i get it and it doesn't register with my goals/challenges or requirements to lvl up. please fix
trevear willoughby : everything about this game is good, graphics, game play, easy controls, simple an casual. the game just got boring for me!
vinal kumar : the game was awesome and i loved it i mean i played it like everyday. some stunts were challenging but that's the point of the game
divi singh : awesome game but there are only 11 levels developers should increase the levels . but still nice game the music is calm and soothing.
matthew stewart : great soothing game. zen mode is cool with no points and the challenges are fun, hard but doable.
raun gallegos : very calming and relaxing.... favorite part are the zen runs ... there's nothing to do, nothing to collect, just ski ......
a google user : i love this game so much! it beautiful and i could spend hours playing it, with easy controls and the sun setting and rising
harsh thakur : i like the concept of game and the music too its superb. i really enjoyed the game. please name the musicians who gave music.
pegi - 7 : such a relaxing experience, the music is beautiful and it runs wonderfully on my device.
andrei toroplean : i'd love to play the game but it won't launch on my galaxy s10 plus. i've sent the bug report. hope you can get this fixed!
spicychocolateoreos : this game is sooo cool. like jeez i can't even explain how cool this game is. everything is sooo cool! and the background music just makes it even better!! i love this game! edit: wow this was 3 years ago, weird
michael shakeshaft : i love this game for time killing. easy and simple controls, nice music, and fun to play.
dwayne w : absolutely breathtaking. so calming and beautiful as well as challenging you to unlock new things!
anurag kale : everything is good on this game except for the elder.it's kinda way too hard to escape the elder.i mean,he just keep coming way too fast even though if i am way ahead of him.speed of elder should be slowed down.
entity_prod : a really really good and overall a brilliant game from the graphics, gameplay, music and everything it's such a good game and i see no issues with it honestly it's a preatty amazing game <3
the flying llama : this is the most beautiful mobile game i have ever seen. the music is great, the sounds are so good that i can't tell if they are in game or in reality. it is also just fun to play
vivek wadher : the game has some problem with jump sensitivity,many time i touch screen but it doesn't jump on time n there are .any glitches
trevor ngwira : it's so exciting and fun. the graphics and feel are very nice, i encourage you to play this game cos it's a great boredom killer.
doodleplayer : very fun and addictive. love the game it's not too easy, but not too hard. zen mode is my favourite!
supreme : nice graphics like the alto odessey u should try this i know sometimes it gets dark but just set ur light to max isn't that ez??? so don't complain the company are trying their best and those who r complaining isn't helping for the company to improve the game so don't complain. but overall u should try this game
diana gonzalez : i love this game with all my heart, but sadly there's been way to many ads for the game, i understand putting 1 or 2 ads, but not 4 or 5.
siddharth r : one of the best games on android (the second one is even better) of all time. this is one of my favorite games alongside altos oddsey and smash hit!
polash mondal : if there were unlimited stars to post ,l would post the staars to the developer every day with heart.this game's music is so refreshing.i was in search for this te of game .i can't express how relax i feel by playing this game . thank you very very much.
ollie nicholls : very good, relaxing, great graphics, good concept, can't stress enough how relaxing it is
nick surkov : terrible experience. sounds are annoying, only 2 types of obstacles, thus game sucks.
steeven.universe : no matter how many times you get into a lot of trouble, it's a race to get back and fight for life. for those who can not experience the greatness of nature, at least enjoy the beauty of nature through this game
zaeem -ur-rahmaan : this game has good graphics and peaceful music which makes the gameplay more enjoyable.
jordan lewis : installed and completed many times. just turn off wifi and data before launching to get ad free experience. good game.
nikola obrovac : this is the most beautiful game i've ever played. it's relaxing an more importantly fun. i can play when ever or where ever i want. five stars
infinite pie : so fun. i find myself in zen mode perfecting my skills for what feels like hours. its relaxing and a great way to pass time. i'm really happy i stumbled upon thim gem.
daniel : a very calming game to play with challenging goals to complete to keep you playing. i love it.
seelam. rajasekhar : super game. too interesting game. one of myself favorite game recently i am played. but one drawback game is finished only 61levels only need more levels.
pamela joseph : it's kinda repetitive. guess all endless runners are. ads don't bother me.zen mode is good.overall a good job.
victoria ibeh : this game is amazing and so addicting you can never get tired if this especially the music and ambiance is so relaxing i highly recommend this game.
aniket mitra : it's a very good game , keeps me downloading it again and again. i've got major anxiety issues and it always helps me to calm it down.
ashley gardner : love this game its addictive!!! it's a fun, easy to navigate and understand, and most importantly easy to play!!
khalid maniam : really calming. the graphics are really aesthetic and the music is relaxing.
s r nair : itss aaammmmaaaazzziiinnngggg the graphics are sooooo soothing.. the sound affects are splendid.. i really appreciate them making a mode just to enjoy the experience
e.o.n productions : fun, simple game to play if you wanna pass the time. can be very therapeutic if you let it be.
c : fun game. but the night time of the day/night cycle is much too dark, can hardly see my screen let alone rocks i need to avoid
renuka kautilya : game is good ,but we can't even see the rocks ,it's just a small objects ,we can't recognize the obstacles faster...
papa yaw atuahene : this is the best game i have ever played. the harmony of the sound effects and the music,. it's a game worth award(s) i love it
alaa nader : wonderful..that instead of making you nervous as rest of the normal games , on the contrary, it gives you comfort and calmness and at the same time you are enjoying ..thank you
puneet sharma : love the graphics and soothness in the music which keep u going in the game, quite addictive.
a. hayes : waisted my money on just a few levels. the app crashes at the opening credits every time i open it.
amir sulthan : 4 years before i played the same game, but not this one. in that a stick toy or a iceman ll go in a snow skate. i searched that game a lot. but i didn't get. but this game also same like that
simone tozzi : an amazing and entertaining game, capable of conveying strong emotions and positive vibes even in your darkest moments.
emma : sometimes the hover feather and magnet don't activate when you go through them. also, i can't see anything when it's night time lol
richard burns : what the hell? i bought this game full price years ago... redownloading it for the first time in years and it's monetized to hell. ads after runs, the "workshop" flooded with cash grabs and a in-game store for real life merch. what complete and utter bs...
maureen northam : nice to see one game can both relax and excite the user, while not being bothered by too many ads. please continue being awesome.
noah pietrowski : its so graphically and soundingly pleasing. the gameplay is simple yet still quite addictive. zen mode is definitely my favorite
peter austin : great at first with good gameplay and music. however it gets boring over time. altos odyssey is much better
abhinav sharma : the controls work just once when i start the game, in the second run it just doesn't jump.
mohd saqib : phenomenal, the background, the characters, the sunrise, the sunset, the lightning and of course the music; everything's just phenomenal.
adityauniverse : this was a really good game, it's like a piece of art, good story/ concept good music good artwork and colors.
ice wolf : it is so beautiful with the music and the background! it's smooth as well when controlling the boy/girl
shreya dwivedi : i loooooove this game. its awsoooome. ive never played a game better than this. its lovel, adventurous, calming and the zen mode is like the best thing. thanks to its creators.
kontoculai : fun,but get biring after about 20 missions.not many varieties in the gameplay,and the graphic also needs some work
matiss nazgra : its was an awesome game back in the day.. but what in the world did you do with that jumping mechanism? also all my progress is gone from google play. sorry but im uninstalling it. its not even close what it used to be.
thom koval : wonderful game. relaxing, somewhat challenging and so pretty in its simplicity. very well done, thank you!
celtbear333 : too fast, you wipe out too quickly and then those interacting adverts are too long, the game seems fine but it's not worth waiting for adds
mature adult : beautiful visuals, simple design, easy to play, with a chill soundtrack.
farts mcbutts : could be a fun game if alto didnt have the slowest backflip in existence and without the obnoxious video ads.
bub : very addictive, fun, unique and relaxing at the same time. this combination is a rarity in mobile games nowadays.
x nao : i love it i could play it all day. the quality is amazing and the characters r so cute (mostly the llamas). its really fun and i cant get bored of it <3
alex sathya dy : itbis a very nice game to play when your free and am loving it but there just 1 thing that i dont like and it is the controll please add more then just a jump and also thank you for making this game.
eva mgra : love the graphics and the music. however, the ads are kinda annoying. whateves tho
mohd. zahidul anam chowdhury : guys, u made a beautiful game. i luv it. the zen mode helped me release a lot of stress and anxiety. but u guys could add a in game accessory shop to buy cosmetics using in game coins.
jp : i just love the way this game looks and it's such a chill game to play, also, i love the sound effects and music, it's so smooth and nice
kayura chan : i downloaded this game twice but it crashed both the times. please fix this, i love your game but being unable to play this beauty is terrible.
sef bandringa : really relaxing game, the soundtrack is great. i can really feel that has been much effort in making this
kunjika gadhvi : this game is offline game and the silent game the game never end up
azhari : fun simple, esthetically pleasing game. fun to play, and quite simple to understand.
karthik ramanathan : a fantastic game to play when bored but cannot spend time playing a big game. i play at times like waiting for a train or sitting idly etc etc.
kai stevens : zen mode is so relaxing and fun. the regular mode is fun as well. overall a great game.
ingvar grimdal : a perfect timekiller murdered by ads, flooded, destroyed by greed. every other ad lessens the chance of giving a single penny to you filthy developers. i hate you.
sarah adams : absolutely amazing game ,very good graphics with no interferences ....the music and scenery is calming ...
raghav saraswat : very soothing, intuitive, and easy to get lost into.
vint : amazing game! graphics is great and it's also relaxing when you have nothing to do. really great for me that enjoys game only for fun!
laodicean : great experience. i'm not too big on the music and i tend to listen to my own mix when playing this game, but it's great none the less.
gental_gaming a.j : i like your games very much but ,i like the games which are paid games please make games for free ex.1. framed 1 and 2 ,2.chamelion run,3.getting over it,4. summer catchers please ,please,please ..................................... ....... . . ... . . ... ..
glenn wakeford : game crashes on google play login, reported to developers weeks ago but been ignored. this and the other alto game are unplayable, devs appear to have abandoned support.
alien attack : very fun and addictive gameplay! the ads suck, but what can you expect for a free game? it's very easy to play too!
amey mahajan : i really loved this game at first, i was at the 47th level and now the game stops every time i try to play it with login in play games enabled. this is really a bummer.
derrick turner : outstanding graphics and great game to kill time with. been playing for years. one of my favorites.
epszarze crow : no joke... alto's adventure helped me with anxiety, stress and depression, when i feel bad i play it... it's kinda therapeutic
brad majors : not many ads, really no room for game progress without spending money and even that is questionable.
s. hanafi : loved the game. have changed phone 3 times and still installs this and altos odyssey, just fun to play without complex controls
captain gay : the game gets glitchy and won't let me play. i wouldn't even mind that often if it didn't happen so often. otherwise, it's a pretty fun game.
andalib shan : this game is fun and relaxing its a great game to pass time this game is also beacutiful the character and the landscape doesn't stick out like a lot of games
woahie : awesome graphics and perspective, also very calming. i play this all the time.
max sux : if ur gna give me an option to watch an ad to extend my run and i say no, dont force me to watch an ad anyway. if i knew u were just gonna force me to watch an ad, i would have just done it on my own and extended my run rather than just sit there and watch an entire ad for nothing at all. if ur gonna force me to sit through an ad when i already said no, just extend my run time because that would have just happened anyway and youd still get the same amount of money
dante ward-hunt : very pleasant; the adds are a bit irritating but the game is relaxing, beautiful, and enjoyable.
abhishek : beautiful game. the music is very peaceful and makes you calm and takes you into another world. thanks for the game!
greenpepper 2 : this game is so much fun! its really relaxing to play.. and the music is the best part of the whole game.. its so nice!! i highly recommend this game!!
imre olah : amazing experience, built for mobile, but still has depth, every mobile game should be like this.
george snyder : game doesn't respond to controls after 5 minutes of play. deleted and rebooted, did same thing. frustrating
joseph loudenback : gave up after playing a few minutes, (it's a tap game that i couldn't get to work right, keep repeating try again) adventure is not snow boarding (don't email me)
nathan naikomparampil john : the gameplay mechanics is easy, the graphics are exceptional and audio quality is extraordinary. overall 4/5
larry belarmino : read this. its a very peacful game, theres not much, in this game you only chase lamas,but you can make it into zen mode so basiclly zen mode is that you just scate and not chase lamas, you'll know the rest, just install this game. :)
love flower : great game with beautiful, eye pleasing art and relaxing bgm. i don't think i will uninstall this game anytime soon. :))
sean crow : fun game. but you have to watch soooo many commercials it ruins the game. not fun enough to purchase with money.
abridged racer56 : very fun game. but i would appreciate if we could get new people with coins. except that its a very fun game i really enjoyed it
shaan singh : contrary to what many people think, there is a zen mode. you just have to go to the main menu, then swipe right.
sathish kumar : really unforgettable game my life .i don't know financially its success or not but personally it fulfills everyone heart especially the zen mode makes me a sleep happly its magical sound...my night time sleeping sound track...thank u...devolop like this game
max villaire : extremely boring gameplay, only literally 1 control that never changes even slightly. nothing to do.
charlotte hermans : this game is great, i have barely noticed any ads, it has beautiful art, i love the relax mode .definitely recommended lol
mr. alpha wolf yt : this game is so cool i play on my old samsung phone the quality and the graphics is so awesom realxing and fun to play and i this game could play with another player because i want my friend to try it out.
yadu nandan : this was quite good game. but the. worst and worst in this is ads. plenty and plenty of ads. this is a bloody suck. stop your ads
bob itani : absolute masterpiece! the art style is amazing! the mechanics are easy to handle! very addicting. a 5- star for me!
sahidul hoque : i love this game, and love to play at night withe headphone, ignoring everything. the background music is lovely.
1005-bala hari vignesh : absolutely awesome game, great music ,great visuals and i bet you won't play the game coz of the visuals are sooooo good.... awesome game...
amit khajuria : this is one of the best games i have played, beautiful music and graphics. this game is one of the best time killers and thus game satisfies me so that's why it is a 5 out of 5.
steven pearce : the games great if you like looking at a black screen, can't see anything and i seem to spend more time skiing in the dark
mike maltase : it's a nice looking relaxing game but i'm not getting what people think is so great, its jumping over rocks with a pretty horizon line.
adil d s : i love this game and music wow
grey wolf : the graphics are amazing, very simple yet entertaing. i love everything about the aesthetics!(:
sir dielectus episommerous quay iv : too simple too relaxing too much fun with a quiet music .... awesome combination and so this game is best for relaxation.. i would prefer this one best in any runner games...
al-amin haxan : i am really in love with this game. but sometimes it lags on online, i think it might need some improvement!
ayush desai : i have the game, but i don't play it much, but whenever i play it, it just calms my head, you definitely get a peace of mind. great game
selvraj vattapara : nice game and controls i love this game but only one problem sometimes i can't see alto on the picture so please make sure the game have smart zoom technology so gamers like me can play better and happily
varinder kalsi : such an amazing game!!! absolutely love the zen mode it's super relaxing :d there are even no bugs should try this game!!!!
jammy jam : after several years and upgrading phones, i continue to play this fun-filled game. kudos to the developers!
sumi aktar : amazing soundtracks and graphics.this game is so amazing i can't describe.i totally recommend.and it's free!
sid zade : it is amazing stress buster for students it better than playing other games like pubg and fortnite yet they are awesome but this game is not much time consuming a better way of getting refreshed
ella de feo-mayers : a really relaxing game and quite fun, but quite repetitive. i enjoy when i play it but it is a game i install and uninstall off and on.
ijji amai : a really wonderful game...the game is soo beautiful and relaxing....i really enjoy playing this... thanks creator... can't wait to play alto odyssey next... ^.^
le leedler : the artstyle is amazing, like you could take stills of this and hang it on your wall but, that's the only draw for me.
b tac : downloaded the game before deployment. i've spent a ridiculous amount of time playing. was definitely one of my favorite.
kevin emr : this game is great. with great graphics and difficult missions. i play it every day. i wonder what the next adventure will be.
tm s-r : amazing game. realxing and a bit challenging but not too much. i really appreciated and recommend it !
ice _diangelo : i like the game,it's fun all in all. i barely see ads too. it's a good game,and the graphics are amazing!
ranger spinks : this is one of the best mobile games i've seen in a long time. love the simple design and the realistic physics.
kirollos amged : very relaxing game i love it and love listening to the soft music by headphones that is already in the game while playing ... it will makes you chillout while playing
sdsebinary : i've been playing it for hours. the mechanics are great and i love the lama caching and the chalenges. you should 100% try it out.
naeem siddique : great game, easy controls, beautiful graphics, challenging tasks.
emmanuel chukwulobe : wonderful concept... though i am at level 46 but i am not bored with the game... i would love if they could include front flip...
shreyas shinde : *put on headphones and relax" that how i describe it
frane kekez : this game is so relaxing and i really enjoy playing it. graphics and music are awesome. definitely recommend to everybody.
pratikshya sahoo : it's a amazing game to chill especially if u are bored ... this game has great graphics as well as gameplay is amazing!!!!!!! would surely recommend you
muhammad ahmad : really amazing. such calming sounds and the gameplay is so cool. one of the best offline games to play.
hania abdullah : the gme is very good but there is a glitch that if i touch the screen it wouldn,t work alto won,t jump over rocks so plz fix this bug
grahame stokes : wow. wonderful presentation makes you feel so nice. easy to play, tricky to master and oh so pretty.
dixon hartung : very fun game. can you add daily rewards? otherwise no problems. very few ads
lourdes acosta : tutorial is endless. there's no "end tutorial" button compared to in alto's odyssey.
le epik milk : one of the best games i have ever played. the only problem is i get bombarded with watching videos for an extra life. other than that, amazing
ahmed boumehdi : awesome game at first try but it gets boring after level 3. the rocks are sometimes unpredictable.
julio prakoso : simple amazing game. easy control and has good music. perfect for people who want to kill time when waiting something
angel : this is the best game i have ever played! it can be very relaxing with the zen mode which i love. 10/10 would recommend.
omar tarek : cool and deserves a 5 star , it's difficult to make backflips when jumping over rocks , except with maya . the wingsuit is mind blowing , cause it turns you to some sort of ghost
hasanga perera : its the best .but you get bored at some point .the game designers just need to add more game mods or something like that to spice up the game .
a google user : when i saw this i thought it was going to be like alto's odessy with a twist but so far the only major differences i can find are scenery and llamas. good game though
vijay kaushik : this is very very interesting game. i like game toooo much. the music is so relaxing. and the zen mode is awesome.
access2stuff : sometimes hard to see where the stones are. especially at dawn/night. and the big jump is impossible
satory lynam : its really relaxing but it is also very buggy whenever i grab a powerup. also i dont know how to get to zen mode.. _*_*_
ajsy 5678 : this game is just awesome.... i playes it too much... it's one touch optimization makes it comfortable........ and it's background music is just like heaven
randy deinlein : the ads ruin the experience. but i'm happy to pay 2 bucks for the game. i'm up to lv 46
arielle c : i used to love this game, i'm really sad that they started playing ads after every single run because you can't skip them and it makes the game very difficult to enjoy
parag patil : i had to uninstall it numerous times... because of somethings came up... i love this game... in fact it's very first game i played on android...
logan tracey : it is an absolutely gorgeous game, the art style alone is enough to encourage me to get it without thinking, it is absolutely perfect
sreerag o : i sometimes look for nice and relaxing games just to keep my mind straight and this one is just the right one. peace...
parnab ghosh : well, i'm a video game player since childhood, both pc and mobile. no game, ever felt so peaceful, that's all i have to say.
vishesh : the air time isn't calculated for boost. it takes longer to return straight than doing a jump up
yashwant verma : the game is very simple but its graphics are too good just feel like adventurous.
luis rodriguez : i love this game because 1you travel to different, places with different themes.2 the song is relaxing and not a hard loud beat. over all i love this game
akshansh singh : best relaxing game ever i have played if you are just tired and bored of playing action and fighting games play the zen mode and you will feel just like the character, surfing in tghe snow
althea czarina militante : definitely recommended if you want a simple and relaxing game. (with music)
sayal maharjan : it is a game full of adventure i usually play it get my mind relaxed and get rid of bordom nothing more to say but i would like to tell everyone that they should try this game once in while
a google user : this game is simple and fun. the graphic is good and fantastic. the creation of this game is fantacular! i love it
arno bui : zen mode made me cry myself to sleep... 5* kinda like it more than odyssey, maybe because of the soundtrack.
vinay 2k : whoooo i have never experienced this type of musical refreshing game before ..its a whole new level of gaming experience those musics were really touched my heart ..thanks to developer
hani : very cute! simple and relaxing concept with breathtaking graphics.
srinjan sarkar : this game is awesome
pathetic : bruh its littarly a luck game once you pass the horse guy
devi katta : it is a very great game
yousouf yusuf : i think this is the best game ever
my celebs : game is so relaxing
vivek sr : i love this game. the music, cinematics all just awesome. hats off to development team.
and g. : what a beautiful game.. really enjoyable and relaxing. the soundtracks are amazing.
maskoda gaming yt : iqoo 9 se in my phone it is not supporting 120fps waste game
magical rat fairy : amazing and breathtaking, the graphics the soundtrack an effects are so ching and amazing ! this game is art
kailas kishore : hell..i love this game. simple, fun, addictive. indie games are the best..! and the music is so damn soothing..!
rubin smit : brilliant game!!! definitely one of the best side scrollers i have ever played. very chilled game with fantastic bgm. love this game!!!!
mohammad nafis fuad : it's a great adventure game. appreciate it very much. and thanks to the developers for regular update and amazing concept.
anonymous desu : i played it like 2-3 years ago, i really enjoyed it and sometimes it made me cry idk why, maybe because it's so "pure" and calming, i am installing it again now. recommend it for everyone!
pyronoxious : a nice game with wonderful music and even if you say what's do i like a about it is that it's calm and not like shooter games or fighting games. just calmness as you catch llamas
dave dicko : you have to get this game it is the best ever! i especially like the zen mode it is a really good game for all ages and it is really good if you want to just think.
yusuf aslam : this game is one of the most enjoyable and relaxing games the backing sound and the effects are great i love alto and all the other games with this style especially alto's odyssey
heyroey : i've been playing this umm like?... 2016 but i deleted it i have no space so i did is install it again 2018 because kinda miss the great things that i have when i played this.
watch the water : beautiful graphics...and love the zen mode and also taking picture of the scenery in the game...keep it on!
lakshmipathi varma : rocks are not at all visible.,poor visibility. jumping is not at all effective.
shabee haider : one of the best game i have ever played. amazing graphic, beautiful sounds, controls everything is amazing...
electro games : the only problem is that is super repetitive, the song is alloways the same , and don't have to many places
shreyashi kesarwani : it a game for all age children but it's have to give more facilities or or any exciting new features that no one will feel to play it's boring for long period of time
bobby persaud : this is an ok time killer, but it feels like after 5 minutes, there's not much more happening. i felt like i was grinding for nothing at that point. the game is pretty, though.
jake conway : the most peaceful game i have ever played
lucy franks : i adore this game. the graphics are beautiful and the music is lovely and ah, it's so soothing & calm. gameplay is lovely & smooth too. beautiful, beautiful app.
aragami ninja : fun game but please give an option to turn off day and night circle. it's really annoying.
tek bahadur adhikari : the worst game in the earth
max floate : this game is a must install the zen gamemode is the perfect mode for peace lovers. almost no questions needed to install this game. i give it a perfect rating because the is mabey better than any game on the play store.
arfa : it's a great game it's non addictive and perfect for travelling.... to me this is a great game try it yourself and find out!!
angie rosado : i like the game, but i literally cannot see anything at nighg even when my brightness is up all the way, please make it more obvious where rocks are, everything is just black
adarsh martin : i personally love this game unless some tasks which found difficult,but it depends on the everyone,it's good.a lot of to the making head and team
tom wall : absolutely amazing game, beautifully aesthetic and simple, yet still really fun and engaging.
freya bowman : this game is amzing. the graphics are so beautiful. the music is so relaxing. its so calming.
c r : used to be good. at some point they added full screen forced video ads. too bad.
subhash chandra bose : this game is really so amazing and peaceful , i spent free time in playing this awesome game... outstanding graphics and relaxing sound... just loved this game ...
kai jenkins : very good game. relaxing and fun, does not ask for money or throw ads in your face and is very well designed.
ramon hugo de souza : love this line of games, congrats for this great work. i'd really recommend this one for offline playing. the game is very well done and very cool to play.
ashwin kulkarni : best game i played so far. awesome background music, keeps you relaxed. loved the zen mode with headphones on.
christopher ball : this game has really good deatails!and i love to play this game.but i do get mad when i lose:(but it's alright because u can restart and play again this game is a neat little game to play when bored.i rate this game a 4.3 rating its good and i recommend!
caonabo jaquez : love the music.great graphics. hate the freaking adds every 2 runs, uninstalled because of that.
christonic s.c.f : there is actially no game like this. love the zen mode. great gameplay too man. amd the music could put you to sleep. i love it man.
aaron riordan : so simple yet entertaining. great for playing on a bus or train journey.
maya staples : very fun game! my only wish is that the objectives we're explained because they get confusing later on.
gowtham kamal : great way to keep you engaged. nice graphics, wonderful gaming experience.
mark carson : uninstalled due to the advertising and tracking technologies used in this game, and particularly the sequel.
paul clark : hours will be lost to alto. wonderful game, perfect for a phone, and it's beautiful
marco martinez : this game has really good scenery and music. it is also very addicting. overall a really great game.
rayan anwar : a very soothing, relaxing, fun offline game. just need to cut a bit on the ads though
gyan 007 : such an beautiful mind fleshing game..the background music is soo soothing.. i love it and i'll recommend it..it is actually helpful to relief stress
sarwar azam : 3star because alto's odyssey is better then this, the sound quality of odyssey is too relaxing and wonderful. i love that.
suraj rai : hats off to who ever made this background music. .most of time i play this game only to listen to the soothing music.its like a therapy to my chaotic mind
alistair lau : i loved this game when i was little because i was able to play it big w and other places i loved it but having it on my phone feels so good i already got maya and im only 2 hours in the game im goona get the next charater in no time
dy, suzzane ryle r. : this game is perfect for relaxing. i also loved the way the weather and music corresponds to eacg other.
samuel robertson : fun game! it takes a little practice but after a few days, you'll be a pro. my only problem is the unreasonable amount of money that is necessary to get far.
daleska sanchez : ahhh i am loving this game! the view is so amazing i can't concentrate in finishing my tasks, the sound is so magical!!! i love whoever made this game
akshay garg : i wish i could give it more stars. one of the very few games that i find interesting and at the same time very relaxing. plus the background music is very soothing.
mr. 4our : perfect game man, cool graphics and everything, nice music for such a wonderful game....big ups to the developers....
a google user : far too many ads, would pay to get rid of them though, and this would be the 1st game good enough for me to do that! love it
afrahim imam : very serene music environment.... although sometimes stones are not visible (specially in night or stone type background)gameplay is quite mesmerizing
tehmina shabbir : thanks alot for making such an amazing game.i appreciate your intelligence please continue to making such exciting games. now a very few intersting games are availiable on play store,in which your marvlous game is availiable.
adelina : this game is amazing! i love the graphics, the music, everything! great job, developers!
tim r. : loved it on my nexus 5x but crashes as soon as i launch on my pixel 3. please fix. support has been slow to respond.
retro vxvi : my experience with the game was amazing the controls are simple the really sooths the persons mind.
thevenomguy : this game is amazing and all but i liked alto's odyssey more than this one. and the reason is the soundtracks.
shaaban0 : i played this after playing odyssee and maaan is this one boring...nothing much to do and you should be able to do alot to achieve the goals..play odysee and set this one out orake it interesting
crane : best played with the volume up or earbuds in. sooo relaxing, i could seriously play this for hours.
atulya prakash : very bad experience. the size is big but the quality and graphic are poor and 2d
holy paladin : it was a mediocre game at first but then i really got into zen mode. the music jus moves you to the beat and i rea lly like it
wingding : i love the game, but i moved to a new device and lost my progress. logging into google play games didn't help..
askn albayrak : very relaxing, music is good, easy to play. go download it, it's free, jeez.
text : i love this game to death. i am so attached to the story behind this and the experiences through the game are very impressive. i hope people can give this a try.
nandimal edirisooriya : this is a grate one i've played. it is addictive , creative. sounds also make the feel better to play longer..
levi czech : well it seems like a good game but my tablet wont download it. its totally my tablet its not like its a bug in the game. the game looks fun though:).
real cbakes : too many ads, game is great but ads ruin it. unplayable when connected to the internet.
timothy brackett : really fun, commenting early, its so fun to say 3d, rain hail sleet snow, mountains snow water, dodging trees boulders, through a city, actual real life snow boarder or skaye border companies paying for advertisement, a skate board or skiing choice.
niko bellic : great game! runs very smooth, great controls and minimal but beautiful graphics!
christopher madsen : looking for ad free game and end up with a game that claims ad free but has the top 5 reviews complaining about so many ad that you can't even play the game google you really need to update your search engine on this one
roberto capela : very good ad watching app. there's also a bit of gameplay between ads, that's nice.
stevanny tahalele : love the simple gameplay and the bgm.. also the zen mode is really good! i could stuck playing there for hours!
sreelekha nama : i'm loving this game, somehow bringing christmas vibe, happy times. this made my day. i love the smooth visuals more...
vivek choudary : nice topnotch music . simple yet mindblowing graphics. hope the team releases another version of the game like they have done with altos odessy
jephthae gberevbie : well its a great app and it has very calmmingg music gets me every time i play it well the thing that would be cool is if you could ride with others like an io
peter bennie : great game, beautiful graphics, nice game play, very few ads, just needs more levels to make it even better
cadiente, raphael p : really relaxing and fun. if you get stressed, just sit back and play alto's adventure and you will have a better day.
pixelated h2o : this game is amazingly calming for me, i have tourists and this game stopped them the entire time, probably because i was focusing on this. anyways great game keep up the great work!
chit ko : i like this game. because the scenery and the music are soothing. it gives happiness. and for me, it's more than just a game. thanks to the creator.
izaak bradbury : very good controls are a bit sensitive but after a few plays you get used to it
caryl-anne enna-lyrac : beautiful! absolutely seamless, dreamy playing experience. this is a great way to de-stress.
artful delights : i love this game, good graphics, good setting and good controls, overall this game is amazing
stephanie castaneda : this app is so beautiful. i love the challenges and the zen mode is a wonderful addition as well.
a google user : relaxing game. great sound effects. it is like real sound 3d and all are azing and relaxing background sound(the piano) . nice game
mahesh pandey : i think the simplistic background, changing elements and music and natural sounds are all just breathtaking
gargi mishra s. : the character alto is too weak means one crash and it dies and the maze also beacomes difficult in the same level only . cute graphics thoo
e : this game is beautiful it is so calm and peaceful the mode where there is no distractions no score no game over just you and the endless mountainit is just absolutly beautiful all around id suggest this game it is the best game ive ever played
stepanus p i widodo : this game is awesome ! i really like the graphic, music, and the experience when i play this game
a google user : hooo! i have never played this kind of platforming game, excellent graphics , one of my best games i have downloaded .
dylan edwards : not very relaxing. i keep hitting rocks and it just becomes frustrating over time.
alan nhanala : this game have nice features , wonderful horizon , a good game hd sound ,very relaxing. i really appreciate to you, guys who make this masterpiece . thanks
areph rudd : please add the option to change the speed of the time-cycle. i would like a realistic 24-hour time-cycle
pat : super fun with amazing upbeat yet calming music. this joy for the soul has a new game in the playstore altos oddessy. game is amazing.
bowa junior : cannot put in words
pvns rohit : so far , i am not a gamer but now , after playing this one , i am a proud gamer. this game is so relaxing & fun. the graphics are bang on.
mark ross : this is the best game i've ever played its in my top 10 if you come across this game don't hesitate install it you won't regret it graphics 10/10 smooth running 10/10 good if you are bored must have game!
cat lover : please upgrade the charachter animation
ahmad raza : one of the best game
aswin anilkumar : relax ing game nice bgm awesome charcter s
moretsi beleng : this game is great and awesome. the graphics are nice and the music is also great. top notch stuff indeed.
wy yeoh : actually this is a very good game . p.s. if u turn on flight mode there will be no ads based on my experience.
bame sephetsolo : hd graphics and very relaxing game to play at the same time very good with ads
varun kaul : a fun game that i really enjoyed playing as it relaxed my mind. hope you create more games like these ^^
rakesh prajapati : superb game put down your air conditioner temperature and you can feel the game...
vitae : listen songs from your playlist and just play this. this makes you feel better than previous.
aljokato tube : it's just so awesome how you guys made this aesthetically, please do more. expand your limits than just a alto, you guys are good making at this kind of quality :>
milena georgieva : i just wanted to say that i don't like when i die everytime it starts the same song again and again. so please if you can add more songs.
wilyam moat : the game is fun and simple and what i like the best about it is most games like this are ad simulators but this one isn't a ad simulator
ritesh joshi : fantastic game for me . it's adventurous, challenging opportunity has been given in this game and exciting game it is . well prepared game
just zoey : this game is beautiful and can be challenging or incredibly relaxing depending on which mode you're into that day.
semma gautam : amazing and very beautiful game....good controls.....and very interesting to play.......what a beautiful graphics.....
bp : the gameplay is just fantastic i have been playing this game for years and i still love it. although the new one was released some time ago, i still go with the original.
aayushi aggarwal : the game is best for relaxing and the graphics are so good and realistic so i would recommend this game to everyone
megan keller : love these games, but lately it keeps crashing mid playing. really frustrating.
abdo 3rfa : this is a great game but there impossible jumps fase me when i play is at a glitch or i just don't know how to pass it
turtle : the most amazing graphics i have ever seen in a game that you don't have to pay for. there are almost no ads, and it is really fun to play!
nicolas bach : wish there was more content and things you can buy. other than that really relaxing and simple game :>
ishwar yumnam : after updating, touch is not working. my alto does not jump anymore. how df am i supposed to play now ?????
vishal singh : literally one of the best games i've ever played! has such beautiful graphics and fine tune sound packs!
zeke derr : kind of boring after playing 'till level 21 but good plot, cool tricks, power ups, and best of all, llamas!!!
arpit kumar singh : interesting game if you just want to have minimal controls and procedures to play.
amal sakalle 10th f : amazing game, graphics are very good , music is so relaxing. fantastic game i ever played.
john dave mabanta : my once ultimate timekiller. addictivenand fun, this game was antidote to popular and cheaply made games of that time and alternative to subway surfer and temple run.
chandrakanth venisetty : enthralling experience. the zen mode especially is just awesome. thanks a lot for such a wonderful game
anna hyatt : this game is trash. every time you don't land absolutely perfect, you die. 1/10 wouldn't play again.
ranjana jaiswal : the thing i like about the game is that the music in the background is very good. i think that the game is not so much interesting. while playing i'll get bored . but other things about the game is all right.
shem george : i play it already the game was fun and i love it can u make a alto,s adventuers 2 with online but any friends can play together player 2 player 3 player 4 and player 5 or one purson can play by them self
anjali singh : i love it . the sound is super relaxing and the graphics are just amazing . i love the background it is so beautiful.
asaf rousseau : my 1 star is for the developers lack of response to issues with the game rather than the game itself which is decent albeit a bit boring.
pravin esthak : it's a great game to play when you have short time break and the zenmode is awesome with headphones!
lee edwards : brilliant game for killing time. not a lot of advertising so you can play all day. 5 stars
robin petersson : lovely and beautiful game, and no ads. i'd give my money to games like this. five stars.
naveen sharma : it's nice, but i think it also need changes like for the levels... and there are many other things i want to tell... but that's it. thanks
laxman singh : very good and simple game something should have to be add some 1-2 more action and don't keep it endless that would be better hope you think about it. waiting for your reply . thank you
coltin myers : fun game but information about some characters dont make sense the info for paz is he can get through anything if momentum was on his side i had momentumbut stillcrashed in a rock
0ic3cub30 : retarded played 5 minutes, played durring the night, got all the rocks that you cannot see because it's dark. uninstall
deirdra jones : good chill game when you're bored nothing complicated just fun.elders are a fun way to get you worried about speed and to get a little but good rush to get away.just chill fun game good work.
aspen : nice graphics but omg i keep dieing you flip way too slow and the trees keep getting in the way. this game sucks, 0/10
frank larry : i would give it five stars if the nighttime wasn't so frustrating some of the rocks are near impossible to see.
syed hasnain ali : awesome game with its music nd changing background scenes,its takes out all the stress nd make u feel stressfree nd its peaceful scenery really entertain nd help us to feel the scene as we r there
harsh tomar : the game is beautiful . music is nice. graphics too. it's a simple game. good one for relaxing.
marvin brathwaite : cool game, sweet graphics i really enjoy the music while going down the slopes it's soothing.nice..
review point : the" most fascinating game" ever i have played ,,its sound ,background, each and everything in "ossam "the best "relaxation game "and it feels so "soothing" playing this game ...completely loved it......
brennan kenefick : love this game, but its broken on the galaxy s10. will go back to five stars once thats fixed. recommended for other phones though.
a google user : really wonderful game .....great music and great gaming experience..... it's a game that one needs to play..........
trever stovall : was ad-free. now has ads without consent. disappointing. this was one of the greats. arr. arr.
brecken lynch : amazing! sound design and the features in this game is amazing. i will recommend this to you 10/10.
anim3._. simpp : it relaxin , the scenery is great and the music is calming, its intertaining and very few ads
yehuda silvio gerits latumahina : the best experience i've had in mobile game category. keep up the good work! the art style is the core of this game.
joel bulger : this is one beautiful game i love it the music is amazing everythimg is beautiful about this. thank you for the experience of the game
greg williams : by far the best game on mobile imo! very easy to get into with plenty of depth for those who wish to challenge themselves
steven wolfe : this game was so much pleasures while i was playing. very good background music. also pretty good graphic at all. i loved this so much.
kalana mahaarachchi : i enjoy this game when i am stressed. the music and sound is very very relaxing.
johnny english : very good game, although i think the sequel is better. i like the fact that it's free on google play, as it wasn't on ios. overall a very good game.
hieronim krajewski : i have uninstalled the game because of the noisy ads (even though ingame sounds were off). simply because that.
min samad : too many ads. i can't go back to the game because the ads won't allow it unti l i down loaded their game. so irritating
scott biggs : nice game, but the jarring ads ruin it for me. i can't uninstall i fast enough.
daniel william : the music was amazing, and the graphic is simple but amazing it fits perfectly to the game
ethan crowder : it is an all out amazing game a great one to kill time and it looks amazing and it is relaxing and stress releving
bhavarth bhalla : amazing game i love it. i have progressed in this game without a single forced ad. honestly a five star game.
bob li : inspirational game. this is very similar to alto obyssey. this game has slightly better frame rate.
nabh pal : dear noodlecake studios, the small and challenge encouraging moments help in smooth play and my most favourite moments are of the elder lama rider chase. it's so fun! nabh pal be happy and keep smiling (original seal)
adudul haque : awesome game to kill time. but too many ads. i get an ad after every game. overall game is good
autumn leaf : i've had a lot of fun playing this, and there are a few annoying things but once you master them it's all together a pretty good game.
alfonso leyva : one of the best games i have ever tried. the graphics are insane. and i never get bored. i play it since 2016.
chinmayee mahapatra : this game has all the things that i wanted in a game, it has no ads,it has a calm music and background and the rain noise is so relaxing. i am in love with this gmae
ramon gomez : fun game to play offline its not too easy or too hard and you can play it for a few minutes without getting bored
derek keller : an absolute delight. very zen but exciting and thrilling as well. thank you for your service.
yes no : very calming, good graphics, and good music in the backround.
himalaya chaudhary : really a true android fun , there is sth in this game essencefull and satisfying. but add more beautiful features of fun and more to controls
rahul thakur : game is awesome but i would suggest u to change the music in upcoming updates because i play this game a lot and this music is now making me bore.
gourab bhattacharjee : best game and most beautiful.i play it when i am sad i helps i get satisfied so much cool and amazing and relaxing the background and the game i just love it i am gonna say that to the developer you are the best person in the world :)
terri greene : abso awsome!!! in love with the game...thee darn rocks however. the senic senery is amazingly awsome. relaxing -- cannot wait to play more.
harshit kanaujia : this game has very cute graphics. it has many beautiful scenes and also for sound is so peaceful.
cathal o currain : this game is so beautiful... the artwork, music and overall design is so aesthetically pleasing
weebaboo : amazing game but the ads ruin the zen and chill of the game. please ad a feature where you can pay to remove ads.
rob o'dell : this games has helped me fall asleep more times than i can remember. pop in the headphones & very relaxing :)
ademiluyi victor : alto odyssey is a good game rated number 6 in the whole world well i also rate it to. but it needs more moves like front flip e.t.c
humaira ismail : amazing games..i love it so much, soothe soundtracks and fantastic backgrounds, who's searching for relax games can download this games
nati aboneh : love it, it's a really nice game the graphics is great the controls are great, i love everything about it
a google user : best game ever played, never get bored of this game, music is so relaxing, graphics are so beautiful and interesting and cute llamas
v swaminathan : game is awesome. but sometimes the game getting freeze. i'm facing this issue for past 3 days
jacob jones : beautiful music and scenery! i wish there was a little more to discover, but still love the game!
arun nikzzz : would you like to travel in to a full season of winter?not only playing with my fingers it was playing with my heart.i think you will definitily going with this game in to altos village and winter drops touches inside you.i am waiting for more altos adventures (from my heart)
alex cruz : its a fun game but sometimes my jump won't work which obviously makes the game hard to play. other than that its relaxing and fun
erac gerda7 : the turning is slow, it's kinda boring, your vision in front isn't long enough to see rocks.
bader bmo : this game is so relaxing and amazing, if they could just completely remove the obstacles (rocks) from zen mode @noodlecake_studios_inc
chris thrash : would be 5 stars if the watch video to resume worked! video not aviable keeps showing up
aditya sharma : i would say that it's an amazing game as it just helps in relaxing our mind alot ! i would suggest you to definitely play this game !!
suspicious guy : simply put, it doesn't get any better than this. alto's adventure is one of the greatest games i have ever played. and the amount of award this game won speaks for itself.
daedric rider : its amazing game. its getting bored when u do all task. add more challanges please.
spencer bowers : immediate 1 star review for showing ads with sound after i turned off sound in the menu.
littlevangs : i love this game and when you listen to relaxing music it fits so well with the enviorment
karan negi : no more tricks and locetions but game is good for offline enjoy mod i think some changes in game batter for more enjoying the game
j. m. cerda : nice game. got fed up with the 30 sec ads. thanks! bye bye!
oksana l : in some occasions, when i press to jump, it does'nt jump. (for a long period.)
sosuke aizen : it has a relaxing gameplay and helps me fall asleep when im tired and have insomnia
javian gonzales : its just amazing and keeps me relax during stressed times
punter gaming : now i got to know why everyone is giving 5 star , this game is so satisfying , comfert , literally in this lockdown i can feel the nature playing this game literally epic plz i want more games like this plz!!!
sophia gonzales : cute, peaceful, and aesthetic game, very calming.
dave barreto : its verry good game the graphics the sound it's made me feel relax please make more games noodlecake thankyou
kaos sniper : this game is valid iv played it on multiple devices for years love it who cares about ads they gotta make money doofs
adrian : the wingsuit cannot be triggered on google pixel 6, it's located exactly where the selfie camera is
alanna fox starks : is a fantastic game, great music, such fun and challenging! plus the llamas are super adorable!!
sai chandra : i loved it, background music was awesome feels pleasent cool game !! i definitely suggest this if u r looking for small timespass one
josiah_xo : very calming, soothing, relaxing and amazing game. really fun too, i reccomend trying it out! :)
last avinash : i have a amazing experiance the graphic is very cool and smooth the music is soooo relaxing
in love with god : it was a fun game if you did not have to pay for anything which is why i put 4 stars if you did not have to pay for characters and all the other items it would be a five.
oleg vasilyev : the game feels flawless in its mechanics and i love the theme and esthetics/sounds. i highly recommend this game!
debijyoti dalal : really, it's a beautiful game. it's so soothing, relaxing and serene that i really want to play in the night for the relaxation.
toua vang : very calm and fun. the rotation speed when you flip is slow though.
hridyansh sharma : this game contains a great graphics and music its music is so relaxing on headphoneand so entrusting .
a google user : not sufficient but good . try to make boat driving with fishing & crocodile hunting game . email me . simple natural music is best .
rebekah roy : omg this app is so fun..and adicting i play it every day but..the only thing is that u can spend it coins on characters witch i really hope u change definitely would recommend
harshil verma : it was great, good for playing when bored, you just fall in love with graphics and the sounds in it...
bimbi izumi : beautiful, the music, the atmosphere. every things about this game is so amazing.
tim harris : starts at dusk and immediately turns to night. you cant are anything at night but you get a bonus for snowboarding at night as you crash into the first rock over and over.
arun m nair : one of the best soundtrack i have ever heard on a mobile game. torin borrowdale (composer) did a great job.
david carter : really not happy about the ads. wish i could pay for a version with no ads and no bs.
shruti sharma : it is a really relaxing game. i just highly recommend it. to music in the back ground is just so good
amal avg : the best feel good game i played in my life........make sure to have an headset while playing the game it will bring you into the visuals of the game
raphael wreford : this game is so addictive! the zen mode is so relaxing too. i literally played 2 hours of zen mode after school.
arman labeeb shan : o. m.g this game is amazing. the grafics are so smooth and insane . this game is that what i wanted. thanks to you guys for making such a game.
joanna fehr : i just love this game.it's so satisfying to play and it help's relaxing.it's very easy to play and you can go on an endless adventure
gaston ibarrola heer : beautiful game. i love the landscapes and the soundtrack, and the zen mode makes me feel very calm
irina nalbandian : cool, relaxing thing! not annoying with ads, soft pleasing interface. love it :3
p holsta : very fun & relaxing game. i was skeptic at 1st because of all the previous bs apps i've downloaded. but this ones a keeper #5 star's.(good job)
soham ranjan bhoi : the gameplay experience is very minimlistic.....and looks very cool...but ads very disappoints me...
ian manning : phenomenal game, beautiful design and relaxing to play. exactly what i want in a phone game
amarnath vats : a good game but one minor thing is that some times it is impossible to see rocks in forest.
findlay s : simply amazing. it is so calming and relaxing while keeping you interested.
kevin : you know when you have this urge to relax and play some relaxing games ? just put your headphones and play this masterpiece. 100/10
harry canfield : it's fun, but there are some hugs like when i tap on the screen during a run nothing will happen.
nick anthony : perfect styled, polished light gameplayed casual game. it's nice to spend free minutes here.
yashraj more : best game ever played! even better than pubg,free fire and among us! best game to play in lockdown i think the same about the second part also
elektra sienna d : awesome game! it calms me and any level (so far) is perfect and easy to complete.
josef jibrael : beautiful? yeah. but it feels repetitive and a bit lacking in comparison to odyssey.
peaceful donut : it's a very good game but you have to know when the time is right to play it, its not a game where you can feel energetic about but when you are more tired.
a adler : the atmosphere is just stunning... music and graphics are simple but amazing
ryan taylor : its a fun game but the night mode is too hard to make out anything if your outside or in high lighr conditions.
breadstickjuices : good game, and really good visuales and time cycle, but wish there was at least a little more to do
ahmed hassan : excellent zen mode feels like life is free flowing helps to think clearly overall good relaxing enjoyable experience.
sed cas : what does 3 backflips in one ru means? i did even 5 backflips in one run and won't recognize it. so, what am i doing wrong?
oanh tran : i love this game. the background landscape is beautifully designed. the game has great music and relaxing playing style
jeremy lewis : why wont this app open and play anymore or is this only happening to me? i have uninstalled and re installed it a couple of times and still the same thing
avinash kumar bodasu : excellent job.... very good game... congratulations for the team for such nice game....very calming.background music...sounds...effects everything deserves to be appreciated... definitely should try this game....
adrian bartz : a wonderful game that's simple, easy, and exciting. i truly think that this is one of the greatest mobile games released.
joel esparza : i think this is a great game been playing for about 2 years.oh and by the way angel g. im playing on the exaxt same phone as you you just need some practice
kitten kitty : this games is a masterpiece it makes me feel good vibes after a long and stressfull day. i recommend if you need a game to relax to :)
ali -naser : playing this masterpiece with my friend since 2017. it's the most beautiful mobile game i've ever played.
rfnc maximus : it's amazed me. with relaxing audio. great graphics and easy controller
geraldine augustine : minimalist game. i love it. the graphics on this games is so perfect, i really love this game.
shasank : its so relaxing and fun!... can you guys try for alto's adventure 2? same mountain location but a bit different?
firegirl husf : its great gameplay is so enjoyable and graphics look very good and yet they are simple enough that can be played on any potato that runs android
charity nwokeji : nice ace racing game
rem4rk : fun offline game with addictive gameplay. wish there was a bit more to do though.
savon green : just amazing the graphics are good the controls are good to just over all amazing keep up the great work
a google user : the game is rlly noice and a timekiller but you guys need something decent to spend ur coins on. we need more things in the shop. great game though
bewton maina : this app is exemplarily good very good graphics and very inclusive. it's as if you can feel the wind itself
camo pooper : i loved playing this game but it's become extremely difficult to play recently since it crashes shortly after starting it
parker coulter : just a super fun game to play. super easy to pick up and put down. the sequel is better though
a google user : you can't restore previous game data...so if you reinstall the game you gotta play from the start which is annoying af :/
carlos gachus : great game to play with it's relaxing atmosphere and perfect sound effects and music.
just gaming!! : its actually a game which tells you that nature is soo beautiful thats why lets all just go out and have fun nowadays every gamer like me is just sitting in the house and playing games but are not going outside i have learnt the essenceof this game hope you have aswell :)
gowtham .v : very very very worst game i have experienced. need some more graphics and some extra fittings. i expect this to be a multiplayer game..
jyotit krishna : relaxes mind to a great extent....my fav game... playing it from 2 years....it is awesome...i loved it... thanks noodlecake for creating such a masterpiece game...epic game
carmen marie de lira : this game is super good when it was my first time but the second time i played this is it could not jump anymore and i keep losing
firoz haider mohammad : this game is good i like the graphics but one thing is not good in game is that we have to give money to unlock characters
nika blazica : the game is really simple and aesthetic. the sounds are nice and calming! i really like this game..
cory niday : do not pay for this game! filled with bugs and errors that are not being addressed with each update.
bobin khattak : still yet another amazing game from you guys have no complaints but the reason i did not give it a 5 was because it's literally like a copy of altos oddosy make something little more different
saugata banerjee : when u r depressed...this game just makes ur mood....i thank each and every1 for creating an epic game which is relaxing enough but never boring...
a google user : awesome game....... in the beginning, you may not like it, but eventually, you will fall for it
chris s : good game. but they seem to have doubled up the ads. two for every one that used to be in it.
gerald perry : it is as advertised. the game is beautiful simple to pick up and kill some time.
daniel carter : great quick game for when you're waiting on stuff. gorgeous visuals and style.
ezegolo tony : good game love playing it just that can you guys send an update that allows to switch between both games without leaving like when you tell us to swipe thank you. hoping to get your response real soon
yovinda mahardika : i like the music, the ui, and the gameplay. but, it getting bored after i played it for a while
deepak raju : few problems, since few days 1- avatar misses magnet at times even if he/she takes it, 2- avathar dont jump at times which makes him hit rocks/ fall in pit it was such a relaxing game and such things make me to hate it
the gaming company : i think this is my best game ever played. i rated it 5 because it is an addictive game.i would suggest you to download this game. it's free in play store.
adam turnbull : great game. really relaxed and easy to pick up. great graphics and sound. well done
katlego mota : this game amazing to me because i love to snowboard and i love the gerficks it is amazing
john a. : what happened with my progress saved on google play games? years ago i've unlocked all characters, now the game restarted since the beginning.
pinki roy : one of the best games i played till date, beautiful graphics.. i can go on playing for hours.
tumgam loyi : i uninstalled this game. repetitive gameplay experience. to many unstoppable ads. as a player, i'm here for fun, not for in-app purchase.
g play : beautiful game in every aspect.the scenery is over the top and i must say,very relaxing game to play.
ryan gibler : beautifully made, and the music is amazing, i suggest the zen mode and alto's oddessy!
clean sound's : very nice game i loved it so much but i had only one wish to reduce the price of the wingsuit as its price is 7000 coins this is my only wish
kemmis : why won't it open? i played this game on my last galaxy and loved it so much. i just got the galaxy 10+ and it won't even open. please fix, i love this game.
mark gardiner : loved the game, unfortunately became unplayable when i got a new phone. (a year ago not tested since)
haley parrot : i hate that you can't restore purchases and gameplay progress (including xp's earned) despite having it synced with google play games
rico : could be a great game, but ads after evry action you do... i know you guys need the money but this is getting crazy
max calza : it seriously makes you watch an ad after every run. if you're not offline you're gonna have a bad time even remotely grinding in this game
aasder : a game good for relaxing. i'm so thankful that this game was created, i play it when i have nothing to do, and it never gets boring. amazing game in general!
along lkr : oh my god this game is so good,even the graphics feels like i wanna go there and the gameplay is just perfect
dilfs inc. : it's good. i like everything about it. its very relaxing. i just wish that when you backflip you didn't slow down so much
dirt bandits automotive detail specialists : i feel free flying. its so peaceful. and the music is beautiful. ive played both games. this one is the best.
manish dosapati : this game is really difficult to play because the worlddesign of this game is so mesmerizing that it becomes very difficult to concentrate on actual game
crab buckets : great game but can never go as long as i should as the game crashes on long distances.
adam webster : great game. beautiful graphics and great to pass time. would truly recommend.
vinmathi vinayager : it has a beautiful scenery,i love it...also there is zen mode which is really cool so,that's why giving 5 stars...
gerald denavich : too small and too dark, couldn't see anything. not even that fun. sorry uninstalled after 5 minutes.
henry davis : addictive, soothing, relaxing, uplifting. i can't expect more. it's a full package!!
harikrishnan ramachandran : they say big things come in small packages...this wasn't just a thing..this was a benchmark in mobile gaming...for what the devs have created along with altos odyssey is mastercraft unparalleled...
kyle hok : love it and love games with offline option who always wants to be playing online like games started from the offline world.
dave kemp : the game is actually amazing and very fun. but unlike the other one, it's full of glitches... and that really screws up the game
mustafa danish : this game is fantastic... the graphic , music , weather all part of this game is so interesting.
yodiphone ! : paid for no ads and it only lasted for about a month. now, i'm back to ads before/after runs and am dissapointed.
umar : best relaxing game ever, in my opinion. besides the nice visuals, it's music is , sfx like skating* also add taste to it
tarupam nakupit : this is relaxing and have good quality and relaxing music
a google user : most beautiful game i have played ever. the sublime music and beautiful background helps to relax.
pranav avasare : the best game to relax minds ... whenever i play the game ,the affection towards it is increasing . only they should add camera modes
mister beast : i never ever gave a review about any games but this game is so relaxing and the graphics is so amazing.i just love this game.
naman kumar : nice casual casual game.. good for free time.. but not so much addiction type.. very limited modes in game.. u will bore bore after sometime
ranjana & kankana b. : loved it from top to bottom everything, especially the minor details
mansoor omar : this is a really calming but fun game and doesn't lose its luster. you can play it for at least a month and not get bored.
srijit ghosh : this is the best skating game. small in size, pretty relaxing, and adventurous.
traci sims : what a gorgeous game! i am having issues with using the gift shop, though. help would be nice.
giga chad : this game is super beautiful just play this game when you are listening to you are favorite song and then you will see the real fun
mohammad nick : best game ever! relaxing with and amazing sound and graphic design.
nishyank parmar : best android game i ever played. graphics, tone and background music makes a big difference. dont forget to tap llama :)
anthony_gamingyt : this is nice game its cool but the problem is its too hard pls put red torch in the rock so we can se the rock and the speed its so fast pls minuse 20% in the speed
harsh maurya : very good game features are also very cool and the levels are quite difficult but it is very best for playing
test_v finallyready : the background display is simply astonishing, very cool game, love the music as well!
simrandeep singh : just love it. simple yet entertaining. it's a soothing game with smooth gameplay. so love itt!!
junior ntokozo : this game is amazing the graphics the physics everything is marvelous i give it 5 stars . it is worth downloading.
bil al : second best game i ever played. thare's only 2 or 3 sound tracks. this game just needs more sound tracks.
pramod r : nice game ..but it is not supported at 90hz on my realme 6 ..so dissapointed....hope the d3veloper optimises it for realme6 then it will b3 fantastic....
kam p : it's really good and all but it's so annoying when it turns night because i can't see the obstacles
jason l : it glitches sometimes and i can't use the magnets and feathers also i've had another glitch were i couldn't jump.
thomas daka : this is a premium quality mobile game. i really don't see why this wouldn't be on pc and console. perfection!
skia 52 : i love this!!!!! i play this when i get angry from my classes and it really helps i'm so glad this exists. thank you game producers.
amlan saha kundu : annoying "non-skipable" ads. had to close and reopen the app every time
dren reinhardt : as an artist i just love the art style of this game and also those beautiful soundtracks . game is just amazing
killua zoldyck : this game is amazing i love the graphics the parkour and the stunts in the game. i also love how they put in a night mode
ladygirlmomo : amazing. beautiful. out of this wod never done before. this game is so cute and relaxing and help me clam down for a stressfull day
john g : very fun game, though it got to be a little repetitive around level 20 for me.
benedictus yuji : this game are realy playfull and fun but now maybe in the future that alto have a haptic feedback dor note 10 because note 10 has already haptic motor for this game so maybe in the future they can include the haptic feedback
a google user : very relaxing yet addictive game, i've spent many hours on it and it never gets boring, also recommend alto's odyssey
samir shah : mind blowing game. what a epic music it has in zen mode .really it has exllelent grapics . i am very glad to install this game.
vaibhav shete : best low-poly visuals i have seen in a while! gameplay, in zen mode is calming.
jciom : nice but add an inbuilt music player so that you can listen to the game is nice love it release more mini games within the game and more oddyessy's
sheila gable : great game but lately its so glitchy that its almost non responsive to commands. hard to enjoy in this condition
aida : i love the zen mode! thank you for this relaxing and beautiful game.
modi tirth : it's a best game. morning to night is a really amazing. and afternoon is best of the part. very very nice game.
hugh gockowiak : loved this game when it came out, but the introduction of louud noises from the ads that are now in it totally ruins the calming experience.
athul prakash : is simple. music is good. after a point missions are really hard. u will be relaxed
panda_named_bob : having playing this only on zen mode, it is so calming and relaxing and the music is on point!
zinc studio : one of the greatest game i played...great graphics with relaxing music...everything is amazing in this game...
nabarima chowdhury : easily one of the best games out there with it's amazing graphics and soothing music.
rafi thornton : very good, the primary mode is good but the zen mode is amazing and calming.
zara green : a mediocre app. this is nice but the controls are not explained well and are hard to operate.
pritish dixit : excellent visuals, simple to play what more i could ask. lovely.
the knight of tech : this is a fun time waster, everyone can feel good playing it and play with their own style!
uttra : it is not that fun but i love it...it is so smoth like a butter & relaxing game ever...really loved it just because of the graphic...excellent
chickennuggamer das gamer : good graphics, love the game, i've played this game for many 2 years and it dosent spam you with ads i just desided to add a review
thamires franca : it's a simply amazing game has great gameplay and easy to learn. with a simply amazing soundtrack i loved
warpster : i'm really enjoying this game. ads get annoying. but a lovely platformer
shalom a : was a really fun game but at times it would not let me jump and i would have to reset the game to get it working again
carniely chernozubov : i really love this game, very relaxing. would give it 5 stars if it had multiplayer, but cool game.
renu dave : awesome game. great graphics. you should add score tabel to 'zen mode'. it would kake it make exciting.
neo city : this game is great! very calming and nice graphic. recommended it to the people who gets bored it's very relaxing
dragonsdystopia : good game but the wing suit missions don't work. when i do what is required in the wing suit it doesn't complete the mission
jb official : its great it has so smoothing controls the music is so nice and there's not a bit of adds in it
anka bugean : i almost always give up on games, but this one is the exception. i still play it regularly and i never get bored of it. i definitely recommend it.
the killer topiy : the game is absolutely amazing i have just one problem i took alot of pictures but i can't find them in my gallery
anugrah a : game and graphics is good. but you have to watch the adds continuously.
dracir104 : i love skateboarding / snowboarding. satisfies me a lot ! that's basically it. you go downhill on an endless mountain. and there's llamas.
pranshu sharma : adventurous game and can be played in a state of subconscious. feeling relaxed while playing it.
angel cruz : this is a really enjoyable game great graphics i thought it was gonna be all bad the game but i was wrong.
tanomoshii_nekojou : the simplistic art really caught my interest and i did love it! and the sequel... wow!
boomer channel bob : best game i played so far, it is so relaxing. we need more game like this from the team
ben griffiths : you have to revive alto by watching a video? if you die twice in level 1? dumb. pointless cash grab.
ifound achicken : really good game, nice gameplay, ran smooth, relaxing, and found nothing wrong with it.
outa spaceman : fun, addictive, gorgeous, lovely flow, a very beautiful and zen like game. highly recommended!
gabby : it's an amazing game the simplicity and the graphics are awesome, i really recommend this game.
shinobi : relaxing music, gameplay,game,visuals a complete relaxing experience i loved it a lot
micah perkins : i love alto. the only issue i have is that the power up spawn locations need more variety
nur rasyida idris : i love this so much.its so calming and helps me take away much stress and look how aesthetic it is and the background is soo cool!
a google user : the game crashes whenever i open it. i cannot give a review if it doesn't even open
jacob nicholls : this is the most beautiful game i have ever played, the only downside is that they plays ads quite often.
debby l : love this game it helped me to relax bc of the music such beutiful music. thank you so much to the developer(s) who made this game!
leon lucas : this is the game i would rather remain with and delete all the others . i love it so much. good job guys . i love it . people should also play the other one
el gran tiburon asesino : pretty good to grind and all but i think there should have been an ending once you completed all the goals
chiagozie metamax ogbonna : i rated the graphics 4.5/5, the game in general, concept, controls 5 star! i recommend this game.
mango : great game although i wish you didn't have to pay to unlock the other characters please change this
g harrington : "watch a video or spend coins to continue... or end run?" *selects 'end run'* "please wait while we play you a full-screen video anyway!" *uninstalls*
moomister gaming : good game to relax at home or anywhere really enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere recommended for long journeys or to relieve stress
grell : beautiful graphics, peaceful yet fun. thx a lot to the developer(s).
ivanoska ospino : 5 star but with one singular glitch i can't get the super coins whenever i go really fast and i go through the super coins
ice wave : love the artstyle and simple gameplay , the concept of the zen mode is also really nice , goodjob
zairinda almuhtady : very beautiful, so far hasn't found a bug yet, maybe later, or maybe never (i hope)
chandru k : greatest game i ever played, it relax our mind and keep cool, the nature is so beautiful and graphics also great
samantha jones : super relaxing and easy to play. highly recommend for everyone of all ages
mark : love the graphics, zen mode and the picture feature, now one of my favorite games.
benny hoff : it is really fun and there are not to many adds. great way to pass time!
9 : awesome game, very underrated in my opinion, good for when you've had a bad day and very relaxing.
jason ford : the game it's great mello very nice music people complain about ads well if they where smart just take off ur internet cause i play this with no internet and i don't get ads simple
matthew estrada : awesome, and very satisfying. very calming. the music is nice as well ^^
jad achy : best game ever no ads no glitches literally nothing bad and the game is super relaxing and recommend everyone to save money for wingsuit cz its super helpful
lennon babicz : really fun game, plus it's pretty casual so you can play whenever!! i also rly like that it's offline c:
francesco benjamin pieri : i loved this game because you can play it at any time and it is relaxing i play also on alto's odyssey(the new game) which is very similar
arun krishna : if you need inner peace ,play this game. no harm ,no revenge. easy to play and you love the snowy landscapes.
bubble fish : fun to vibe to. ads are present but not overwhelming. overall just a nice game.
kabobber : a fun, simple, and cool game that you can play anytime. i strongly suggest it.
shivesh prakash : dear noodlecake, i have a small issue with this game. it would help a lot if the rocks were a little more noticeable. thanks
gulshana isa : amazing!! just love playing this game during my free time and it's background music is so soothing.
jacco por : if you don't buy coins you're forced to watch (long) video's before you can play on, by that time you're out of the "flow" of the game.
no because i work at ze muffin factory : game takes too long to download.... i only like animal games i thought alto was a kangaroo anyways bad so bad and even the name is so bad dont download it its a waste of time
dana murray : not bad at all this is an easy game to play with great challenges as far as various feats during your play session
soul legend : this game is so calming and relaxing! the graphics and the bgm makes it even more calming.. it has multiple places where we can go-
amam vargas : theres a bug in which i cant tap or jump in the beginning of the game and even after i restart over and over again.
benjamin delamater : relaxing, fun, beautifully made and designed. just a super fun wholesome game.
kuro san : i liked the game and all the people saying it has to much of ads are retarded because the game developers needs to make an income from this game somehow and at least be greatful it's free.
himanshu panse : this game is the best time.killer and adventurous game.i have ever played . you should also make alto's adventure in india and japan .
divya tamang : best game i have ever played i unistaled it but regret it and i forgot its name so i found this game after 2 weeks
morgan simmie : love this game especially the changing backgrounds and weather my favorite background is the the night sky with the lightning and the rain
little bacchus : horrendously long adverts, badly placed with no skips take you out of the atmosphere/mood of the game.
louis hodens : this is an awesome game to play when your bored and the challenges make it even more interesting good job
jawad ahmed : amazing, i don't understand how this is free, without a doubt the best game i've ever played. so serene and calm and relaxing. amazing job guys.
william : love the music, love the gameplay. love the game. simple, cool, beautiful.
ssamule : beautiful graphics beautiful sound effects just calming and peaceful. i recommend but also try the other one
david fant : doesn't work to jump over rocks 90% of the time. nothing happens when i press...
levi deckers : its the best game that ill ever play and the music is good not to many adds, so i would reccomend playing this game and rating it 5 stars.
ashutosh rijal : great game but whoever came up with the idea of not being able to collect magnets and coins during boost is going to hell
naz montedel : good game good graphics it's very smooth to play even on my old iphone 5 so that's o give it ago for anny one who wants a relaxing game and no adds
comma notadot : intrusive ads. pause button placed inconveniently, too easy to accidentally press.
girish udeg : i've unlocked every character from game and purchased items from workshop at that time my google account was logged in i recently changed my device and now everything is gone this is just disappointing i live this game but they're making me buy all those characters which i won with my highscores and points, this just makes me angry whyyyy ????????
george mutethia : very good but annoying game..it raises my blood pressure everytime i fail..am uninstalling it..not good for my health
synthia martins : alto is truly awesome.it relaxes you when you worked up,it calms you when you mad.it's just truly mind blowing how smoothly the game runs
sana hossyni : nice! have beautiful views and relaxing and easy to play. download it
kk256 privacy killer : certainly terrible game i've ever played and it's a relaxing game. i'd like 3th version to it.
buffy anne sunga : i really love this game it doesn't have any ads no lag ang it's so funn im giving it a five stars you yes you you should download this game it's fun
haha : great for anxiety attacks and being bored in class i theres not many ads and you can pkay offline,, not to mention this game is gorgeous wow i live laugh love this game
strawberry boi : it's really interesting and there's most time many new things to discover!
ekaksha kanaujia : excellent game never played game like this before. with superb graphics. thank you so much noodlecake studios inc
shahan shahan : i never thought this game was this satisfying. keep up the work and never stop. amazingly excellent game
charith sai : graphics and background sound is good but the controlling is deficult
mimeesh minesh : this game is awesome graphics and background music are so amazing.....
boba cat : it's a really cool platforming games and the graphics are truely wonderful
bharat tak : awesome...as there is temple too...its like...hindu friendly...haha... but good.. awesome.. this game is super for chill mode
benjamin lebotse : this game calms the mind.. i lost 4 phones and each time i got a new one, this game takes priority!
bruh : absolutely love this game. played it when i was a younger and nostalgia is hitting me pretty hard rn.
darshanik thimmaiah : calming, i hope this game never shuts down. it helps kill stress but also build it the music 10/10 gameplay 10/10 game 20/10
marius alvheim : tells you buy adfree experience. don't disable all the ads. lies
harris malik : best visuals and it's free ,simple game and good time killer
christopher leon : it's a very peaceful game, and every time i get stressed i play alto.
uma shankar singh : very good game , good graphics with change of environment
aaron wanser : fantastic game, the unavoidable ads are a bit tough though
titus ballard : relaxing, challenging, great graphics and all the above
rebecca jolley : love this game! one of my favorites. beautiful graphics and design.
lbybreakui : a nice game, but i believe coins kinda lack purpose and maybe the game in general
zachary lear : this is a genuinely good game, i 100% recommend this. it brought me months of joy.
cocoa monkey : too many rocks, can't zoom out to see them coming.
q kill you : all i have to say to the developers let you guys do the best job ever the game was moved to me as soon as i played when i played awful relaxed
kalindu : very relaxing. i love it. your effort is not a waste developers.
jayson llanes : i love the game it's 2d the graphics are awesome and i love zen mode it's really relaxing i love it
daiyan : when i am tierd i always play this game. its so relaxing and enjoyable. thanks!!
djay : a nice calming experience. love the sunsets and the sunrises in this game.
flax common : great and relaxing, especially in zen mode.
harshit kumar : very soothing calm relaxing game though it can be addictive at times xd
travelling mac : nice game but deleted it due to way too many adverts.
the isle lore connoisseur : relaxing and easy to play, wish it had more to do though
newbie stream : pretty simple yet calm gameplay but don't the paying for some simple skin
isaac trombley : smooth and calming game its just the ads i wish it didn't have any
gavin mckinley : this game is outstanding just because it gives a calm vibe and the sound effects make this game awesome.
{ flochie } aware doggos : i love it, its so relaxing and i feel like im gonna fall asleep when hearing the music :>
matvey voytenkov : fun, but you can be stared at. also you need to pay for the bigger hunts!
wahidul barbhuiya : just uninstall this stupid game . always showing ads . useless . i searched for offline games and this was my recommendation so useless good only for ads . waste of time dnt install it .
skyler labnongsang : most relaxing game ever. like after a hard day of work you can just listen to music and play:)
headless horseman9991 : good too great too cool too amazing incredible like the graphics and the music to it's too relaxing music your a great game maker
siddharth singh : i have given this game 5 star because this game's graphics and sound is excellent. so, i will also recommend you to play this interesting game.
abhay jeet : an awesome single player experience with a gorgeous graphics and melodies!
patata s : if this isn't the cure for anxiety i don't know what will be. absolutely amazing, calming and fun
mark seven : very good for playing in free time. no doubt that this game relaxes one's mind for a while or for more.
amusing boys : nice controls,graphics and sound effects i love this game to much it makes my mind fresh after having study thank you to much developer :-)
ahmad iftikhar : this game is really amazing... juz hope they would add more music tracks... it's really soothing with headphones...
xanny : cool and interesting game this game is very aesthetic and the music and sounds are relaxing.
jellydark : i never thought this type of good game can available good graphics calming music when i in stress i play this. definitely deserve 5 stars
mariocraft _best : amazing game with great music and an amazing environment to explore. a must play
jill hadwen : very entertaining and great graphics. best mobile game i've ever played. i can't believe it's free
may : again, same as the odyssey the gameplay is neat and satisfying. love it!
dinan dilmith : this game always helping me to reduce my stress. beautiful locations, peacefully ongoing gameplay and calm music...thats why i love this.
alex bondarczyk : 5 stars, it is a very chill game. most of all, no ads at all! and it's a free mobile game!
silent gamer david : i love this game but i disappointed in you guys making us pay for upgrades before it was about the coins you collected really sad the way you took. not as appealing to new people
rajesh j : hell lot of ads, that too for 1-2 minutes at a time. nobody has that time to waste. uninstalled within first hour, not recommended at all
brett munson : fun at first, but clearly rigged to get the player to spend money. no thanks, uninstalled.
muhammad suhail : music and different background scene makes this game beautiful. it feels so good in zen mode. nice game
blue ice : thank you guys for good game finally i found it . i love it so much because it have simple graphics and i dont need wifi to play this game. make more game like these
rehaab alanzi : the game is very beautiful i did not find any game like it i'm proud of you for this wonderful work ......
apple : i love how every characters have advantage disadvantage. overall, it's a very good game!
veniz maja guzman : one of the prettiest and most relaxing games ever, but it's also the most stressful. 10/10 would recommend
ryan ozorio : sometimes when i jump the character performs a backflip on its own and then crashes.
nikhil pradhan : most relaxing and satisfying app when i become bore from my pubg then i play this game to relax my mind and it is also free and doesn't consume data so i play it without any tension
shweta sharma : it is very amazing game. i like it's relexing music which was very nice. it's annimation is fantastic
khant min naing : this game is very good,but i hate stones.there are many stone in one run.do i ever die.
xannaya : core game is good, but unskippable adverts at full volume mean it's an instant uninstall for me.
osial morn : it was very time consuming and very addictive!!! i also love the awesome graphics!
denny fredman : very nice attempt, has capabilities to be a winner, but falls short in the chances to get past what
nikhil usha : this is the best relaxing game i like, and i love its music of zen mode
mercnem : great game except for the cheap tricks they pull off by giving little to reaction time when avoiding the rocks
anthony : great game...needs more content like putting light bulbs on the lines so they pop or something, going into tunnels
mrwayne : easy to control best graphics and gameplay. love it.
lackson sakala : have been playing this game for about 3 years now it never gets old i like the nature and calmness of the game wish to see more on alto's adventure
kitara grant : i tried to play.... its very hard... i went on and off for an hour or so.. went back on.. progress lost.....
michael : i love the look and feel of this game! it would be nice if there were more to do, like additional modes, but it is still a lot of fun.
scott cameron : wonderfull! love zen mode the most as it's a very peaceful distraction. thank you for your wonderful games!
pyromaniac : this game was one of the best i have every played. not to many ads, and very a addicting
ryan russo : it just sucks. i played it less than 5 minutes and i already experienced the whole game. so basically you jump, and that's it.
vicma arbja : very nice game. i'd give it 5 stars if zen mode didn't include rocks... that would be truly zen mode.
mike katupisa : love it but i think it needs a storyline,extra characters,bonus biomes and cool moves please i'm vounting on you guys
veer aarya : worst game , you can't play it peacefully cause when you start playing at a certain distance a stupid camel rider comes and beat you and you can't do anything and you have to start again, it's the worst game fake labelled as a good game, don't download and save your time and data, stupid programmer
adhithyan v : mind blowing backgrounds with soothing music, minimalistic style of play.
a google user : first of all you can do cool tricks and the controls are so easy tap to jump and hold to flip
anastasia : too many trackers, way too many. playable with no access to the internet granted.
randy dumas : ad central. you will watch more ads than you will ever play the game.
danzikie : frontflips should be added and landing should be made cooler. but its a nice game
ambrose- sama : its a very calming and satisfying experience. from the music and the game play.
milo : brilliant! smooth graphics, entertaining whilst a relaxing game app. definitely a fan! <33
asaryun : this game will always have a special place in ma heart, even just reading the games name makes me feel nostalgic.
radar kay : great game play. then the ads start
joel melino : i love love this game!! it can be so relaxing listening to the drifting and winds.
abhishek hota : installed played and uninstalled just because of your redundant tutorials. in addition i'm giving it 1 star followed by flagging it as inappropriate. thank you.
mason cummings : i love both games altos odyssey and altos adventure, i absolutely love the zen mode, its so relaxing!
peter : not a fan of ad videos popping up every time i fall. takes the "zen" out of this zen game
angelo gaming : this game is so chill the music will make you calm the modes make your sight stronger. its the best game ive ever download! i recomend you to download this game
ceo of land : nice game and great music, but some of the items and stuff cost a little too much
rajas bhise : i used to get night and day mode on my old phone but ever since i downloaded it on my new phone night has stopped coming.
edward b : enjoyable chill game. looks good, plays smoothly. not much in the way of real engagement however.
joana pancheva : amazing, relaxing, i'd say you did a great job, but it's the adds that i don't like or want.
no thank you google : relaxing, if a little repetitive. excellent quality for a mobile game.
cygnus : a very good game. i loved the bgm of zen mode very much. when i play this game my tension and stress are mostly gone
josh schipper : love the graphics, atmosphere and is a fun time-tested. very soothing
memo caldo : its one of those perfect games. i just love it. very calming. well made.
cyber goy : kind of anoyed that every time i whatch an add to revive it ends up just restarting the game, i practically gave them free revenue
dioleri abigail gequillana baguio : i really love this game...because it so addicted thank you noodlecake games
notawaffle : everything is perfect and i found a glitch when you lose a game the board has a chance of flying
kateynn hendrick : i loved this game but now even when i jump correctly i always fall off the revenes and cliffs. its like glitched.
md. rayan : awsome graphics.....i really loved this game.great time killer.great adventure game.just awsome!!!!!!!!!!
aj human : stress buster, with excellent background music, graphics and gives awesome feel...
neha sharma : awesome game i like this some time when i am angry i make him fall and his jumps and backgrounds are awesome i can play this game for hours try this game faboulous and please like this comment also who have downloaded this and liked it just somewhat
prem mungekar : best game ever and has a peaceful music and i personally recommended it for music lovers play zen mode always it will reduce ypur stress
ruji neko : simply outstanding...beautiful and peaceful...great for passing time and make you nice and lazy.. perfect
skyearcherjelly : beautiful, it left me speechless. but plz can we purchase an animal companion to run or fly by us like the birds in alto oddyssey
kommu asish : the music is phenomenal and i mean it you have to play the game at least once. great game tho.keep up
james phoenix : very good game, relaxing and engaging, reasonable amount of ads.
kashi jeevan : it's super smooth and was fun... but nothing interesting...or any variety gameplay.../ no story alsoo
mauricio : this game really kills time when you're bored, and i like the relaxing theme. splendid job.
jjaria shaberfields : the graphics are very good and the controls.
d_pynappels : i first seen this game at walmart on the phones that are there on display i love the game alot and it's a great time killer too
albert einstein : i've no words for this incredible game, with soothing music,, i just love the zen mode of music
rout radhamohan : 5 star u deserve it. games should be calming,relaxing,not that gives u anxiety. and ur game does make me feel relax. nd the best is zen mode. just relax nd enjoy it. really a good game i've known so far.
magilchi gaming : this is not a game!! relaxing and stress relief beautiful songs.sir make the nature graphics better amazing love
sir glazeddonut : because of this game,noodle cake is in my top 3 favorite mobile game companies. this is a must play.
michelle jodoin : does not last long and freeze up on my samsung device. does not work with screen reader.
maddi snively : i love this game! but both games started crashing for me. please fix this!
anthony tandika : this game is great and super relaxing but i dont want this game to be like a pay to play game so people can download it for free and see what a true masterpeice this game is.
shahrukh nihal : it's good for a fight with controls, graphics and we can enjoy it
soohee song : i played this when i was 5 or 6 and it was the game that i told everybody about this is so fun it has a lots of zen which i love about.
family room : this is the best game ever! you can unlock different maps and do everthing!
joshua george : man, if you want fun just play this game this game has clarity more than every other game. i found this game in an ad no ordinary ad apple's ad the best phone introduced by his highness steve jobs
dan : get rid of the command and conquer ad. i had to close the app to stop it.
eric rasmussen : extremely relaxing and beautiful. one of the games i had longest on my last phone.
aman : most peaceful and relaxing game to get over the stress of the day.i really loved it!!!!
pieter de la rey : i love this game alot... i've been having some troubles in real life and this game relaxes me...thanks
ibrahim adham veddin : it is not addictive, but you will have a lot of fun playing this game. the visuals and music are so beautiful and calm.
rey plaza : i don't like how your just skiing down an endless mountain i love it! i don't like the music its to basic and its to soft i love it!!
a google user : its bestest game according to me. i love this game as it is embedded with with best music, graphics and missions
a google user : i've had this game multiple times on multiple devices and it has never ceased to disappoint me! well done noodlecake
razor shark : looks great, hoped to play something along the lines of "just ski" but unfortunately, this is very boring, uninstalled
mohammad altmas : that background music... and that sound of rain. this game is beautifully crafted...
hibba : it's really relaxing and the visuals are amazing and the music is peaceful and it's a fun game
4hasnain : very calming yet still has a sense of challenge. ain't nothing else like it.
aswt mstaw : due to some dirty ads i dont want to give a single star.....yet background and zen mode is awesome.
hassan khan : this game is addictive and it is doesn't bombard you with ads like other free games.
khalida ahmed : i love to play this game. amazing sound track which keep my mind in peace
nat : best game ever! but it hasnt been loading for a month and havent been able to play.
lak mx : wooow...i love this game and artistic stunning graphis...make new open world game for us like this....all the best.
sarita srivastava : nice game for me,i don't know about else but you can make it more interactive and put graphics like other games like pubg
something real : a very relaxing and awesome game. very aesthetic
marissa pierce : it was fun for a while but i got bored with it. but the game works pretty good and the art style is really nice.
katie hudson : a perfect game for when you're board and is an amazing calm experience.
sakib ahmed : what a game. really mind refreshing game. i can't forget this in my life
ahrurna blackblood scourge of the dark forest : it's great and fun i delayed it simpler because i lost i interest and my interest are always changing but their way yes yes yes .
u tech : one of my favourite game i have ever played. simple, awesome relaxing music and a great experience of graphics quality
ayy_its_jlt : a absolutely perfect game if you want to chill and listen to some beautiful music.
janaun melvin : very calm and relaxing... until you trip over a rock or get chased by a maniac on a horse. super calm and relaxing...
aditya dhoke : awesome game relaxing music and most beautiful vector graphic art. thank u sooooo much developer.
chanroutie prayman : the game is super calming and soothing especially in zen mode. i absolutely enjoy the game!
driedmilk3000 : this is one of the best mobile games i've ever played. it's super calming and fun.
adithya stephen : great game i loved it but some chasms are impossible to jump it happens in alto's odyssey too but i love the games
anjum ansari : i really like the game. good graphics , almost endless. great game makes update (:
egg : this isn't a game its a game but so good but the backflip is slow to get one so if you speed the back flip up i will increase stars
margie van der merwe : i sooooo love the game but it just stops working for no reason then i restart the game onley to play a short time and then it stops again. pleas fix
qauland : i can't open this game at all. the game is always force-closed shortly after i open it. asus zenfone max pro m1, android pie.
hallie shortt : best game ever! it is so relaxing and fun!! i love that i can play it anywhere as well!! thanks for making this game .
nico mabry : it's a good game but its kinda boring because the only thing you do is collect lamas and do flips.
m32 : used to be a favourite, now 30 second adds after every run. ruined the game for an ad cash grab
pranav gupta : who said simple wasn't fun. i play this game almost everyday and i have never once gotten bored of it.
ryder zak : very good game, i play it for three and a half years now and i always have fun.
ankineedu kallepalli : really loved it.. especially the zen mode and it's background music.
abhijai yt : as i play on a low end device ,i can't play pubgm or free fire. but this game is satisfying. love it
ayan mandal : alto series is the best for your leisure. sound effect is best of all.
lemon t : please fix the game so that alto will jump when i tap on the screen and not 1 second after i tap
harshad joshi : this game has beautiful soothing music track. love it.
peter morales : i know people want multiplayer, but please dont take away the simplicity of the game.
shashank bhosale : it would be good if you add more characters..
mal kx : the game is soo beautiful and its peaceful and the music is peaceful and the rain and the mountains its soo beautiful so i gave it 5 stars
gyary roy : i love this game.this game is so relaxing and i like the zen mode very much.
techdoge : great game + graphics were so good. used to have issues on some phones but all is fixed now!
shei : this such a relaxing game and i cant stop playing it i love the animation and the idea.
krish garg : amazing game must play graphics are very good and relaxing. just play it.
govind indani : superb graphics!!!!! music is fascinating and its purely amazing adventure
angur chattaraj : graphics are too small... which creates problem in playing.... otherwise its too good for a game.....
sady pack : i love this game so much. it's one of the few apps i always come back to play again. gives me a sense of calm and serenity i simply don't get elsewhere. amazing game!
roberto brown : this gets 4 stars because of the weather. i thought the game was alright. its something light and fun.
music jam : relaxing and an exciting game, this game is awesome and wonderful it always makes me happy, if you looking for relaxation and excitement and joyful, i recommend this game for you
samuel dhillon : amazing game! great mechanics and soundtrack. very relaxing.
google docsslidessheets : the best game to relax and have fun. worth to be in editor's choice!
walker smith : fun game. very repetitive. objectives are cool once in a while
paola s : stunning, beautiful, amazing graphics and calming music, i simply love this game
christian jed sabillo : really relaxing, great music, great graphics , great game!
suryansh kumar : the graphics are like real and whenever i play this game i feel like that i am inside the game.
a. rahman : one of the most beautiful games in the store, but has some disgusting ads.
xone hunter : calming but i think there is a glitch on level 35 it's the challenge where it says to proximity wingsuit for 50m i keep doing it but it wont go away
kwaku tweneboah : this game is perfect. and really like the sun rise and the rain pour when it's sets , soo relaxing enjoying to play i soo recommend this game to and it will not fail you
chesko bars : the view is nice also the music love it!
watson ngindang : this alto game is so much fun and soothing, don't download it. this is really great companion.
beke adrian : relaxing game, with chill background music. i like it.
sunil p sharma : very addicted and fun...... i loved the challenge for some of the goals.
aryan pradhan : best game ever played. very peaceful,awesome graphics and souneffect. loved it
chitrangada : it has everything same but not boring it's the most fantastic game ever and i love the endless mode
ram dinesh mishra : this game has all the things i want. it's fantastic and easy to play. moreover the background music is really good. i loved it.
themememan : this game is so relaxing and fun to play. i love the art and is probably the coolest looking game ever.
master gamer 3.0 : this game is really awesome i dosen't gain any lag promblem and this game graphic gameplay and control is perfect i wanna want rate this game gameplay 6 star cuase i love this game's gameplay
soumya banerjee : very good game . it has cool graphics and it had so much adventure definetly download it .
robert johnson : this is excellent. it's very calming for me. i just love how smooth and simplistic the game is.
julia kim : i love the graphics and the vibe that comes from it. very calming and relaxing.
miss jackson : it is super relaxing and the animations are beautiful. i absolutely love this game
vinay gideon : this game is amazing the graphics were so amazing that i forget about obstacles the bgm was so amazing i want that bgm i could hear all day long op game
dark force gaming : very good game with almost no ads and it is also offline
shubham verma : its a fun to play game with excellent music choice given by the devs and its photo mode is just amazing
cymone rhem : i think it's a really awesome game. it's peaceful, time passing, and i love the music!!
bean boy : cool game, but the content is more limited than what it seams. would of liked more area's
louraine villalon : cute animation, it almost never lags, background is totally amazing and sound design is superb
bahanan pr : the best game i ever played in my life . the music is sooo relaxing and this game helps me a lot to relax
adhil nizar : relaxing peace of art great music and game play. one of the best ever gaming experiences
alisya adriana : dear devs, folks, thank you. the medating mode? bliss. you have no idea how much i needed that right now. forever grateful in this moment. once again, thanks. cheers.
a google user : cannot jump over rocks no matter how much i try. may be bugs. uninstalled.
the pineapple : it is possible the most beautiful game i have ever played. very simple, but sometimes those games are the best.
jonathan seyghal : a game so simple has no right to be so brilliant and beautiful! the more i play it, the more i want to play it!
kam tilak : an adordobley beautiful world, simple to play 2d runner/snowboarding game which i can't seem to stop playing
lnrd g : despite having an "improved game", which is the alto's odyssey, i will still come back to this game because of the llamas
nancy barragan : its the most peaceful and relaxing game ive played so far its amazing with calming me down when im angry it really helps me out.
dean charis : amazing aesthetics, flowless graphics, relaxing.
nicholas wood : the gane is amazing! there are alot of ads though. but besides that' the game's great!
vatsal chhabra : probably the most relaxing and enjoyable game i will ever play. great work!!!!
timauri-lee carby : this game is amazing. the visuals are very good and playing the game itself is very peaceful.
hannah cofre : i really love this game it is beautiful and simple, it really calms me down along with the music
freddy dodson : i cant jump over chasms, like no matter what i do or how i jump i can never fully clear a chasm unless it's a small one
priyanka shibu : after several times playing the character won't jump so we have to restart the game
sridevi santhosh : the music and the overall atmosphere of the game is so soothing. i loved this game. give it a go , youll love it !
atg redtail : awesome game but there are adds that you have to watch every about five rounds.
d_king292 : great, relaxing game but you can't restore your purchases
sounds funny : love this game! me, my brother and my dad used to play it, we had it in the fire tv stick, it brings back great memories now my dad is gone
adv . sofikul islam : the music is great. its very enjoyable.
waled khatiz : absolutely beautiful game. so relaxing. aesthetic as hell with asmr/remedial type gameplay. reminds me of journey or stardew valley
kashan ali : its a vary nice and breath taking game cause the graphics and visual of this game is simply awesome...
melody gwyn : i love this game. i have been grinding for a couple days now and now i have one of there characters "paz"
emmanuel mulenga : love it, it is very comming and enjoy full to play and correctly challenging..
sanju : nice and well adventure game ever! nice graphics it's also in trending list.
noblefox gaming : background graphics and music are the best to count. love it so much.
madhu dhiman : i like this game very much .. controls r good ..nyc graphics its not very hard to eyes ..music of this game is very relaxed and nyc ...its not very hard game to play but its very entertaining game d ilike this game very much......
edmund tebia : its nice gameplay but it need more tricks in the game just only backflip even you change the character
suleman talat : well i love it's music during the game is being played it makes me feel like i'm dreaming or i'm in a fantasyland i love this game!
zisha h : one of the best game i play. thank you for zen mood, i really appreciate.
paul joslin : fun game. 4 stars only because when it's night time in the game it's too difficult to see.
diana intan ramadhani : great games. love the graphics!
phantom : i tried many times but it doesn't open in my phone. my phone has 6 gb ram. hey developers do something
deacon thompson : really fun to play, absolutely beautiful design, and incredibly soothing music
i love my bed_and purple : the game itself is pretty. the ads never pop up. why 1 star them? it is so boring and there is no storyline
selton simoes : this game zen mode is awesome... nice to play smooth
victoria ariyo : the graphics is awesome. adventurous and yet relaxing.
dora nasiopoulou : the worst game ever. it won't let me backflip, so i was stuck in the tutorial. how stupid
sadhaam hussain : awesome, its so relaxing ... like meditation, the music, endless ride, wow such a very good games
rizky adellio : for developer alto's adventure, please add indonesian language in menu. thank's for this game, i'm very like this game. good job
ayush gautam : wonderful game! i am enjoying. this game is very interesting. it's music and sound is good
sailabala dash : the best game ever amazing grafics and attention to little details its music makes me calm! if u haven't installed this app..... who the hell are you waiting for!?!?!
khaled farsi : i think it's the only game to play if you wanna relax and enjoy in free time, for me one of the best game i ever played .i totally recommend it.
mahmud sayem : love the sound, seens everything, very simple game but awesome. alto is better than odyssey.
jonathan mendez : really like the game but every time i start playing it doesn't let me jump and its been like this for a while now
assassin gamer : doesn't work right, some runs can't jump at all! force adds after game.
a google user : most aesthetically pleasing game i've ever played! truly, a piece of art.
amanda_ lacerna : the game is so beautiful and amazing! i definitely recommend this! and alto's odyssey!
phil macdonald : beautiful graphics, simple to pick up, difficult to master
supreet singh : great game with good graphics, simple and light gameplay.
abhay : it's not the best game in the world, and it's certainly not the best game i have played, but it definitely is the most beautiful game i have ever played. wonder if i might see a more soothing and calming game in my entire life.
nekki game stars : this game is very interesting. the graphics is good and the gameplay is also very good. the theme is the best that i have in this game
neeraja lokhande : best game i would like some slight changes like more characters and a mode where theres an end .thank you for entertaning me
salam ali : this game is really relaxing and this game really impressed me alot op game i reccomand everyone who dosent play pubg or other games can try dis game .its really a good game
joby john : excellent gameplay, graphics and sound. pls add more levels
ben ran : not bad, it's very pretty but the game play is not as smooth as ski safari.
food secrets : i like this game it's a very good time killer specially in this quarantine because of the coronavirus we have to stay at home
jmzkarma : such a great game for those times you wanna play something chill and fun when you have a few minutes to spare
yasmin ibrahim : this game is amazing, every time i play this game i smile bec. it's very relaxing. great game, great graphics, i love it so much
mamta shrivastava : very soothing and relaxing game with beautiful music and graphics.
miss kangna gurung gurung : most beautiful game i had ever played in my life .the background tuning is so relaxing love it everybody should download this if you wanna have some relaxing time
a google user : it's just amazing because you etc chases by a guy on a horse and many things you should download
book : amazing!!!! really relaxing and so much fun! love the zen mode!
meow winky : nice but on the next update could you add velocity that when you are falling off a mountan you can get more speed
gunlovinsweatteachugger : i haven't had ads yet and that's a win.
abul irfan : i really enjoy this game in music or graphics or stunt game play everything is good in this ... but this is one of adventure but game play extraordinary
johnnae eve : honestly its so good i play it all the time and you don't have wifi to play it best thing ever.
ruofset : i used to have this game it was really fun.but the reason i 4 stared it because it kind of hard to download.but it's really fun i'm being onest.
gijs mulders : neat game, well designed, wish there was an expansion/ update
sinthu dinesh : it is a very cool game with high quality animation ,it is worth your time.i recommend everyone to play this game
k sagar : i useally dont do the reviews but this is good.ev3n its a small game.. game music & mode feels great.. love the zen mode..
suhas p naik : this game is good and so smooth to play but it has sone major bugs so please fix it quick.
nilavan kiritharan : nice, relaxing experience with different modes like zen mode for different types of people.
rupsdbb : not getting full screen view on s10e. black band appearing on left side of screen where camera is placed
jay patson : i loved the game.the graphics are awesome and the music soothing yet the game very addictive.
alex sawyer : the game is alright.... the number of impossible to win situations is frustrating though...
robert p : i love the game especially the zen mode where i can just glide endlessly and relax.
andrew cadman : great little game but lengthy adverts ruined it so removed
neymar neymar : these game is relaxing and fun and it's make me feel happy just play the game with your headphones on and turn the volume up and play the music in these game is relaxing i really love these game
mohammed shahid : superb game and there are good graphics which gives the impression to the game.
raj shatru : i was playing it on iphone and now on android, it's game music and landscapes are awesome.
m t : best game which i have ever seen. iam a gamer but this game is the best .best music experience.
liam hastings : so incredibly relaxing. very enjoyable and challenging enough to keep my interest
avik das : just awesome app, the music is the best music i ever listened, just enjoying this game....
oc2 - jai : very simple but great!! the game looks beautiful at certain times.
drmaddi09 : awesomely relaxing and somewhat therapeutic. beautiful aesthetics. well done guys!
a google user : amazing game but can u make your flip speed a little faster cuz its pretty hard to do flips sometimes
james livan : this game will suck you in..... it plays so well and the art style is amazing.
juan cruz : alto adveture is a very fun and excieting game it has no ads and loads very quickly 10/10 recomend
billybob vision : getting used to the game. need fast reflexes and alert mind.
kapa srinivasarao : worst in night mode, obstacles are not visible and strained after playing a while
frans bastian : great game that has objectives that need to achieve on every level.
senpai landon : it reallly fun but one problem is that some rouds i cant even jump or even in the middle of the match
aditya natu : can not perform actions like jump or backflip. i think this is a major bug fix it asap.
saurabh suryawanshi : good but same interface , morning , afternoon , evening night , rain only new thing is task and no more and ads...
charon : like the game and enjoy . play for fun and feels so calm. you must try the unlimited mode ....
muhammad nahil : love this game and this is relaxing.but when i want to play this game,i need to increase brightness on my phone or i will not see the rock(specially at night).please do something,ty
daniel ramirez villegas : love this game great design, graphics, textures and stories.
private : beautiful game. it's great for relaxing and listening to a podcast.
youtheme : very chill and fun, when there is no data when on a long ride this is the perfect game to play
caesar macababbad : i like the game but there's a weird glitch where it won't let you jump i failed alot from rocks please fix that
brandon leyva : what is there not to like its relaxing fun and can past time and its not boring and the sceneryis buetifal.
shane slosson : fun game butnit.seems like the farther you progress the more ads they spam at you until its literally every crash
mathew kyser : spent a ton of time playing. really relaxing and enjoyable..... until you pass krampus
sarika takhar : a nice and sweet game .but we fall when we try tu jumb thats the worst thing ,otherwise its just lovely
lex docks : so calming , perfect for anxiety relief and whenever you need to calm down and play a chill game. there is even a zen mode where you can't fail, just keep riding your snow borard for eternity
ollie.00 : my eyesight is bad, i think.. bcs i can't see rocks at night. but great game tho :)
bharat balasubramanian : one of those best games which really is made for simple entertainment and pure joy !
darek gab : advert every two runs, that's one every minute. not for me.
oki rosgani : this game has nice graphics and addictive ... so much fun to spend a free time
oves shaikh : amazing game this is!!!!!!,i like this game.its has nice animations and endless adventure
priti gohil : the background of this game is just amazing!!!! so refreshing. it is truly a wonderful game.
kris collins : this app contains a add that will instintly charge 9.99/mo to your bill, i would uninstall it immediately.
spider's man : my phone isn't compatible for games i thought it would work because it loaded but then i go on the screen and it wont let me.
jake the editor : this beautiful game will be displayed in a museum in the future. "an example of one of the best mobile games ever made".
ormar marpen asad : the game is therapeutic. i hope it remains free :> but its okay if its not i'll watch ads
vmegacol : great game and expirience. mostly great for people who want exploring, action ,adventure
tina wallace : great game. only complaint is the rocks are too hard to see at night time
devtitan yt : it's one of the most relaxing games i have played so far it takey mind of things especially this lockdown due to corona virus or covid-19
tigran ghazarian : chill game, simple interface, no pop-up ads. would recommend
alpha gamer : one of the best relaxing games the zen mode is absolutely necessary for me tha gorgeous effects and the music us very helpful
amanuel hagblues : it takes me back and reminds me to my beautiful abstract memories of nature and life.
da hoboe boi : i love this game it's calming atmosphere and music make it a really nice game that you can chill out while playing
chris lil : it was good until our stupid elders. i was landing a backflip and the elder couldn't catch me but i still fell off that isn't fair
rasta_samurai uwu : i really enjoy the soundtrack and the visuals it really is a masterpiece of a game.
take mcleod : it is so fun and it's so stress reliefing when i listen to music and play the game and i love lamas and lobe the stile of the game
kk-11 _____ : lovely game. great music art and the game is overall very calming.
ao ov : a great, relaxing game where there are no ads at all in my experience!
da_alexjeanes : the graphics, the background music, the controls... *chef's kiss*
trys nouveau : cute little endless game. entertaining and easy enough without being *too* simple
shriyans roy : this is the best game i have come across. and honestly the background music of all the games is amazing.
samuel auka : relaxing, the sounds are amazing, graphics, dynamics god! best game ever
prem : it's a simple game.clean...easy to play and nice graphics.(simple)but cool
a google user : absolutely beautiful game, relaxing music, good controls, would recommend 9.5/10
nihal : this is one of the best looking and aesthetically pleasing games i have played. kudos to the developers.
[ ] : good graphics and the gameplay, so fun to play when i'm bored!!!
shehryar : amazing game, great music and game design, very fun to chill and play it.
invader z : love it. beautifully designed scenery and relaxing gameplay.
tanjim purno : the game is good but still it doesn't support 18:9 screens which sucks big time.
damon : the graphics and sounds are amazing! they realy had me immersed!
nate : great game. i love the music and the animation in the backround is awesome. i love it
linda kern : slow, slow, slow and slowed my phone down terribly. uninstalled immediately.
selome : i've no words this app is soooo beautiful.. the sounds. places everything specially zenmode so peaceful
samuel : it was pretty nice overall, although the controls are a bit stiff
devin meyers : amazing game, amazing graphics, relaxing and always enjoyable.
jeremy brannon : too dark, too hard to see the rocks. would be ok if you could see what you were doing.
a google user : its not bad i mean its good for adventure guys but i'm not an adventure guy i'm more like a silly funny guy but i'm glad i gave it a try thanks again noodle cake for making this game
zubda shafi : very soothing game whenever i feel down i play it... especially zen mode..that's my favourite plus it's music and sfx
mukesh kumar : can't tell how amazing and smooth gameplay! always attracted to this game while studying .
debarpita dutta : the best game for me. not only to pass time but the soothing music relaxes stress
hargrim za : the game is wonderful... but if you ask if i want to watch an ad, i say no, then i get to watch an ad anyway...
c. r barat : it's the most fantastic adventure game i have ever played. good job noodle cake studio's.
the anime hero lol : cool game make sure to download it.but its kinda hard to back flip but im getting better and motavating music
dumbass mcgee : sooo satisfying the graphics and controls are awesome all in all one of the best games ever
aj worthen : the game is very great. but no challenge because you are just doing the same over and over
jathin sreekar jakka : my most addictive game. loved it thoroughly. the graphics suits the game properly.
ayushman gaming : a vey satisfying game.. when i get very angry i play this game and it relax my mind.. thank you developers for giving such a beautiful game as a gift..
logesh logeswar : very funny to play, i loved it make some specifications like upgrades different places and so on
melissa stokes : it won't jump i tapped so many times but it won't jump the only time the jump worked was in the tutorial
malay sontakke : very soothing, just put on your headphones and get lost in the game
rushikesh kaduskar : love the music, and that 2d animation is wonderful!!
yagyadeep kumbhkar : it is best surfing game i had ever seen.it is very simple to play and had a lots of fun in it.
sanjit kolaprath : minimal game with soothing music and nothing to complain about! just great!
stellar : honestly this is the best game to calm you down from all that stress coming from school, work, or just having a bad day.
lex_is _law : although the game looks and feels great... you play it once, you played it all.
spaganese : i loved this so much! the zen music was amazingly calm. ahh i loved it.
eric kingson : i love this game. graphics and sound is very best!!! and it is so challenging game
j m : game is really dark and incredibly hard to see. three levels same dark ugly.
jordan campbell : super fun and relaxing! nothing serious here, just riding and tricking.
tanuka majumder : best game, awsome music, easy, relaxing..and it is offline too...loved it.
collin : this game is amazing, i love the art style and everything else. its a must play game.
nived t : beautiful game thanks for team alto for this beautiful creation i have one suggestion...please add different background music for relaxation
kazuma sato : this is how game should full of peace and truly natural background music with day night shifting. wao just love it.
time pass : it is a very very nice game and its controls are so easy and perfect .i like this game very very much .
/no_info : this game is fun although it can get very boring if you arent very good like me... soooo i deleted it but i still enjoyed the time i spent playing it.
mathew evans : paz is borderline unplayable. need more creative moves than a backflip.
tanay mohta_09 : indulging challenges and superb graphics one of the best games when no internet available
emma handy : zen mode is so relaxing, i even have the music saved on spotify.
shaurya pratap singh banshtu : i am loving this game. both adventurous and beautiful. the music is so calming.
dimitris anargyrou : great game, but sometimes you press to backflip and you fall too soon.
jermaine francis : very addictive game. the music is soothing, and the gameplay is very fun.
philip earsley : great way to relax and play a game while snowboarding down an endless hill
jhilmil malik : the graphics r awesome, also the zen mode...it's so relaxing...superb game
nisha jenin : when we play this game we go to an other world .a world of mystery !! stunning graphics and sound
healer gamer : i just love this game. amazing graphics,amazing music!!!!
melissa wilke : alto ain't worried about competition in the gaming world. why? because no other game is like it. there are no copycats of this game. no good ones anyway. you won't get the same game play experience anywhere else on the play store. you're gunna love this game, i promise you. ..get it & you will not be disappointed. p.s i can't lie to you though.. the second one they made is so f.u.c.k.3.n good. better, truthfully. just download one of em atleast & stop reading reviews & get on with it already
a google user : it's a really good app, i loved it. then alto's odyssey came out and that was even better
azadar hussain : great game and especially the background music makes it even more splendid.
usha mahato : the best offline game i've ever played. it's very relaxing and addictive. i loved it.
prabhu : really i love this game. it makes me a....... that experience cannot describe in words, play this soul game
david gunstensen : i guess i must be missing something. this sure looks like a pretty lame snowboarding game. where is the adventure?
gabi gacha & slime : i love this game soo much!!! like the graphics and the gamellay and like this is so worth it!!!!!!
anish yadav : omg!!! amazing game and specially the endless run which has a sweet background music..... just love it
matthew harder : great game. one of the best for sure. well made. hard to master. i wish i had enough space to keep it on my phone.
ripley revilla : great game but the jump button broke and i could not finish anything.
jessica brennan : i liked the game but now it keeps crashing every time i try to play.
serjeel ranjan : the game has very beautiful scenery. alto mode is satisfying. good game
gabriel menendez : super relaxing has amazing graphics, soundtrack, and gameplay
philip carroll : it's a great game but spoilt now by far too many ads. shame!
the alcatraz guy : i like the art style, its similar to mine, 3d mixed with 2d in a beautiful combination! good game too
ken rhutso : i recommend downloading the game.its worth it, best adventure world game, + offline.takes you to another world!
thegoatyvenel : this game is amazing relaxing challenging and most importantly the graphics and landscape are great
andy : simple yet hugely enjoyable. adds suck but that's the world we live in unfortunately.
scott devries : cool game. different. update changed from 5 stars.... too many ads.way too many ads
junior juice : outstanding graphics and smooth controls.
anurag das : awesome backgound music and graphics creating the perfect vibe for gameplay ...
divyen chetty : love this game, graphics are amazing, game play is phenomenal and the music is a masterpiece
springlock 120 : stunning graphics and game design! was so suprised upon downloading because of quality
g_12_prathmesh chaudhari : very nice graphics all over its a good game but should have some more to do with it
kovu phoenix : it's a fun concept but the fact that when it gets dark you can't see obsitcals in the way is a pain
bread : very easy and fun game to play! very cute and adorable characters!
a google user : i love this game,play for hours,growing up in the mountains,makes me think i am still there!!!
anoopanubis blueberry. : awsome game. easy fun and timpass.. beautiful and refreshing graphics.. loved it
muthu samy : i think snowboards nd character should be added and the game should be more interesting..
mrrishi100 : very peaceful and beautiful. game play is repetitive though.
idontknow a : so much ads. altos ads. thats the name. every break.
larry manns : fantastic! great for occupying time while traveling and relaxing.
naran ram : this game is amazing. i never played a game like this. the music was very relaxable i love it so much
aditya telgote : best graphics,best music,best adventures and most importantly it's a best game
pragati : amazing game. and i really like endless mode, it's super relaxing.
nodirkhon akhmatkhonov : the rock comes in no time. till i manage to jump, it bumps into the rock. you have to predict the rock. didn't like it
shuvrojit sanyal : it is very relaxing to play with the music in the background.really nice game.
rafsan rakib : awesome mobile game,if someone love adventure game,it will the best one. i am enjoying it most.
naved sadman : fully relaxing+ endless game that i like it. you should enjoy the game by using head/ear phone.
swaraj thakur : the best game ever i have played in my life i used ro think tgat my mind needs fun adventure, etc but its needs peace and calm and this game really gives what is needed
prashanth kuruvatti : nice and smooth game for timepass. some time adds are checking our patience.
sloffiee : it was good game liked endless mode (zen) but bit boring after having for while its one of those 'meh' games like i said it was good just boring
jingyuyap : the game is cool and good, but the ads are a little bit lot
kennedy torerit : nice game and good graphics, but the character is too small its hard to see
martin pishpecki : boring game. outcome will not depend on any skill. it will depend on pure luck to achieve it. no skill, only roll of the dice (so to speak)
kieran carter : if they added more tricks and got rid of night mode this game would be amazing
maxwel kibe : good graphics, great gameplay, player moves abit too fast at times
shaurya verma : good one !! it's experience is amazing and very interesting 5star rating for relaxing game and its music
rohith justin : one of the best games, i've ever played.. loved it so much..!! a simple and lovable game for all.
a google user : best game with great graphics and surround sound gives me pleasure when play forgets sadness
david udoutun : this is a must have game really cool, nice graphics and good to pass time
ashish : amazingly relaxing with soothing music, good graphics and awesome seneries...
jerem caraquil : this game is cool and i like it, i still wish most mobile games were like this (actually fun and worth playing for 7 straight hours)
designer perfect : this is a good game...but design and graphics are not suitable to play
pert oodle : the best mobile game ive played it's really made clear the developers made it with money as a background thought.
diego illiterate : i love the zen mode so much, especially on long car rides
strider83221 : amazing, i love it and i really like zen mode its so calming with headphones.
uma devi : do not download this game this game is lier i will give u a example when i will not touch the screen only it will be going normal but when i go to jump then it will not jump only do no downlode this game and this game is also like recorded game his game name should not be alto's adventure the name should be ad's adventure and last sentence it makes your phone very very very very slow so do not download this game
tim wetmorian : it's a great game. i loved playing it. noodlecake games should release more stuff.
larissa conde : amazing graphics and amazing music, makes me feel completely good and relax
protected method : amazing game but wish there was a way to pay to get rid of the ads
roberto seminara : not just one of those 'calming' games, actually incredibly good and entertaining.
shovine kazama : for some reason my review got taken away. very suspicious, and i gave a great review on this as well. anyway, great great game.
a google user : the gaps you jump across should be smaller and not have to jump up but great game
dhaneshwar maharai : i like this because it's a game having endless fun . i would like to say that i can play this game for a long time without getting bored.
mayur patanvadiya : good game but poorly copied ski safari.. physics are not good.. cant stand with ski safari.
kool aid man : great time killer, awesome soundtrack, and amazing backgrounds!
kirubel getnet : the graphics, control and the experience is very nice
nillie nikkie : i've had this app on and off for years now. simply love the zen feature.
tizzle m : the game 's fantastic but can you add a multiplayer to know who survives than other players
soumik mondal : more complexities have to come up otherwise very innovative game and it is very smooth
farshad fareez : out of words such a azaming game gud graphic and the music soo gud i cm meditate playing this nxt update add a waterfall and the sound to it
kiran : very relax game foreever in my history . absolutely love this game it's soundtrack is mind blowing
wills casto : i love this game mainly because of the music. very relaxing to play!
sameer mudickal : its background music is out standing and so much relaxing. very good game
andrie m : my skater won't jump nor flip when i press i keep on clearing the data but its still not working i need help
naomi patricia : nice game, a bit hard to grasp at first but the team clearly put a lot of effort on this one.
a google user : very fun but hard at night because i can never see the rock and always die
ari lara : amazing game. with the graphics and detail. it's one of the best!<33
family khunshuti : i just love this game a lot , its awsome and the soundtrack is breath taking , gosh !!!
a google user : awesome game the music and the nature of the game controls our heart.now i understand why this game is editors choice
thz kimoton : it gets too dark during the in-game nights, can't see anything unless it is also night irl
daniel christopher brown : very calming game, and the zen mode is makes it more awesome.
deepak : animation is pretty good and i loved the background music.
a google user : it is a really good game i enjoy the tricks and trying to avoid the crazy old dude lol sry not good at summarizing but it is a good game
arjun singh : very effective and easy to play. so addictive and enjoyable game.
fiona loeb : fun could be better i like the other version more alcoa oddesy is much prettier but this one has better music
arfan hafiz : so addictive and satisfying.....the music is relaxing and the background too
sunny deys : love the scenery, the game is calming and fun to play, thanks!
anzer naveed : nice classic game the only reason i gave it 4 stars is after playing for a few days i don't like it much now.
andrew matemosi : wow..alto's adventure is so fun and addicting..excellent graphics..nice work..
roshan yadav : good game loved it! smtimes it automatically shuts down, hope this update fixes it
valentia moleko : heaters are the worst and this game has the best graphics best everything best 10 i don't know this game is five stars i can give it 10 stars if i want
kvk siddartha : one of the best mobile games out there. relaxing and beautiful. definitely try it
lawrence anderson : doesn't register that i've collected the coin magnet against objectives so i cant complete the level i'm on!
david ennu : i really love this game because it is a stress killer.it might even be best game i have ever played.a must for 5 stars.download and enjoy
green bean : ok so it is installing but the installation takes so long since like it is stuck on 37% my device never does that like come on ()* any way hope the game is good so i'll keep it on a 3 star for now
kota amitsukami : its a good game but when i play then sometimes i glitch through ramps or glitch past some coins
jeff rollison : game isn't fun enough to justify the spam and popups. deceptive at best.
vladimir petr : please add multiplayer option to the game it would be awesome to play with other players
gibson gonzalez : i like this game. i have downloaded both of the alto games and have thoroughly enjoyed both of them.
bethel : to be honest , this is one of the best games ever,the sounds and graphics are simply amazing,i love it!
amar trbonja : the sun is the sun, it never shines in the shape of a cross. although some would like it. thumb down...
pramod kumar bagde : it is good game nice graphics nice animation good characters you can add more levels
kevin chin : the music alone is already worth paying for. simply beautiful.
samuel jegede : simple but excellent gameplay. missions were achievable.
boot sticky : legit liked this for a bit but after a while it just stopped responding to jumping so i couldn't get far
muffins : beautiful game but way too many advertisements to be enjoyable.
fiona stovold : soooo good the graphics the music it's just so relaxing, the best game ever
a google user : amazing gameplay. great time waster. good for those moments of constipation
ak. : it,s a good game because it has good grafics and nice relaxing music i play it every day
yagna patel : omg !!! love the soothing music , really appreciate the hard work
tj gaming : this game is very high level graphics. i like this game. it is a mind relaxing game
freya w : it's a fun game, not many ads and never glitches!
chaman rawat : one of the best quality games out here. really loving the vibe.10 out of 10 would recommend.
langelihle kwakhwa : absolutely amazing game.well done. the song,the "fire" is amazing.
tobin tom : marvelous....i was in enlightment.just go to the zen mode..this the most wonderfull game i have played.
170k : i purchased this on pc and i'm not watching ads or using macro transactions on a junk spyware platform like android
james thomas : its fun for a while but gets pretty repetitive quickly.
nour khatib : great experience hope you make an alto amazon something that contains more green colors and natural scenes
david l : very well made game. relaxing while still providing a challenge.
justin rawlins : switched phones and signed in and nothing, didn't save any of my progress :-(
jacqueline sichter : a lovely calming game, the art and music are beautiful.
likhan mallic : i love this game for stress relief. thank you developers for making such a great game!!!
vesix_ eath : nothing wrong with the game at all super fun but it gets boring after a little
luca camille : very soothing, somewhat nostalgic, just llamas and snow. great game
nagappan : nice graphics and quite a challenging game with great soundtrack
seitzontarget : fun game but the ads kill the experience. a damn shame.
wezzie mwafulirwa : it's so fun and interesting but add more power ups and characters
callam hill : good fun to play and the art work and music is just awesome!
ascteryd : it's great game in offline mode. better sound. good game.
orion : great game for mind relaxation,sometimes feels a lil bit boring & repetetive but overall a great game
vpemrh mar : i really love this game it is amazing and challenging when u pass the first level
k pennington : gets boring after awhile and is way to hard to get new characters.
dipanjan pal chowdhury : amazing game, beautiful graphics, soothing music, totally love it
anogh das : lovely, peaceful game. demolishes all ur frustration and depression just like that...
samson raj : boring! nothing to do! no tricks nothing...frnt flip! back flip. jump jump.
shesharaj baisane : most graphics, animation, sound, gameplay, is best most game in adventure
bonzzo atef : love it and the atmosphere of the game is beautiful, so much entertaining.
maxplosion1 : this is an amazing game that i have been playing for a long time, i reccomend zen mode
md. abdul motin : this is an awesome game. thanks for publishing such beautiful game. this is the best game i have ever played. thanks once again with love.
a google user : "congratulations! you have completed all the goals!" one of the best games i've played. thank you :)
niff creature : another great game ruined by ads that freeze and crash the game
muhammad othman : i purchased this game 4 years ago , then it become free and now i have ads !! i dont understand
j : this game isnt put together well.. to dark when its dark.. just a waste of time
cang snow : cool game, very beautiful, plays well. not much to replay though.
ella friedman : amazing graphics and a game i can't get enough of. easy 5 stars!
romain forestier : really relaxing, but you only play with the last snowboarder at the end.
vini pande : wonderful game ever its voice and the night feature nd all the features are amazing play this game realxing nd so much intresting
bob bobby : zen mode with headphones is beautiful. could play forever.
boi yeet : i took a couple screenshots from the game and i cant find any of them, please fix this because im not happy at all
seldon levasseur : app wont even start, i have a brand new device and it crashes on opening
levi korop : fun, smooth and challenging. an instant classic!
paul kenyon : great game. would love a little more variety, but very enjoyable.
dane smith : lots of fun with a good balance of difficulty to reward.
blake gamer 10 : lots of fun and the zen mode is perfect for a relaxing gameplay
aidey p : it's a good looking title. is there any chance you can enable 120 fps on the oppo find x2 pro?
raleigh elizabeth : i love this game. the graphics are amazing and there are almost no adds.
a google user : good graphics, beautiful weather system,good music... everything is just nice
mjm : if you are going to spend time on this game turn off your wifi it gets rid of adds :):):)
atticus dodd : pretty game, beautiful art, calming and good game overall to be honest.
danny hemnani : it is a good game but can improve a little bit on graphics
lilly madera : this is a great addictive game great graphics relaxing settings great gameplay best game on the phone ever every one should download this game it is so great
musa hussain : boring and not at all interesting to play all you do is tap do not install.
hannah mears : beautiful gratics and music! the atmosphere is outstanding!
king13nightmare : absoluty beautiful gameplay and eyecatching visuals. 10/10 would recomend.
crispy spy : love it had it but phone could not handle needs 2g of ram to work normally but a little less is also fine
boba fate : best game to play with or without family really nice i would appreciate more games like this one love it.
datasianboii69 : great game but it keeps crashing and freezing.
taj caughman : great game very soothing you can also take great pictures... (its also very adictive)
marshall woods : good game. reasonable goals. please change the logo so he's facing the right way
cariaga paolo : thia game so good thats why i gave 5 star because the sound is good and the quality too people said its boring but its not, it makes me calm and relieved my stress thabk you for making this game.
bryan vause : beautiful, calm, fun and artistic. absolute joy of a game
tamim sidat : really de best game ever played , de best thing about dis game is its zen mode , de music is so relaxing der
seon stronghold : fun, especially when i'm waiting somewhere and want to just pass the time.
fll ffl : worse than its counterpart odyessy. a good game despite that. gets repetitive.
gautam mulik : great job on the game or is casual and fun and u can play it at your own pace
debankur hazra : when i played this game for the first time, i just felt that this is the game i wanted ever. the ultimate mind refreshing game. thank you, guys..
a google user : it is fabulous because it gives a authentic melody before starting the game and it's grafic
a google user : if you love watching ads,then this is the game for you. totally lame.
one tap gaming : i think so this game is very and very adventurous game........so don't waste your time guys installed it. trust me !!
hikikomori : perfection .. and the best soundtrack on any android game ever!
gabbi moningka : everything about this game is just so relaxing. i love it. definitely needed this during this time.
om bavalekar : i just love this game.. the background music helps to forget everything makes me feel better..
dillon pense : fun but i am alittle disappointed that the only aerial trick u can do is backflip.
c b : this is the most beautiful game i have ever seen. the details are stunning, and the atmosphere is phenomenal.
matt kocian : fun and relaxing. didnt even care when i crashed!
aman soni : very nice and relaxing game the zen mode is superb with relaxing background music
dk lycan : i love this game because of this climate change and rainy sound are so real and it feels better when we're bored
croozy : amazing graphics. fun gameplay. not pay to win. fun.
hap3guy : very high quality game! the art and gameplay are surreal!
a google user : it is the best game i ever played. it is one of my favourite game. it is really awsome fantastic. it is all of fun!!
ahmad alkhatib : i really enjoyed this game. easy to master, yet challenging enough to keep you entertained.
eric almeida : one of the most relaxing games i have played with great graphics.
knowledge world : game is good but we can't see the rocks so we can't go more distance
zach h : this is an awesome game! question is this in any way a christian game? because the sun shine in the game has a cross in it it still cool
aditya singh : fun and easy to play, no internet, and just a over all clean looking game!
akhil rosh : great game with stunning views. great way to kill time.
joaquin garcia : a really relaxing game to play. especially in a car ride.
sayandip sarkar : it's magical...the best android adventure game i hv ever seen. i am already addicted.
sean speller : awesome game! in my opinion i think it is better than alto's odyssey.
ty massacre : could be more exciting but a quick and easy time waster for sure.
yoethan64 : epic game and the graphics are amazing(not realistic graphics but amazing graphics)
kayno : this game is far better than 90% of mobile games, seriously, the quality of this matches that of 2d games from steam
grim london : really fun! i just with you could get coins faster.
star consultancy : it is a very good game but after a while it gets boring....and pls add some more new features so 3 stars for me
dragonbeast gaming : "don't hate the player, hate the game" -ice t btw this game is amazing!!!!! really liked it bud.. keep it up
ultra instinct shaggy : amazing and beautiful game, best endless runner you'll find.
sujith s : great game.i like the background music it is very relaxing.and the gameplay is quite owsme.keep it up guy's
geminations : 10/10 can play for hours, i also love the music. :) really beautiful too
bo ling : great game that really simulates a flow state. especially in zen mode
katychi david : the only problem that i hate is the ads other than that, it is perfect
oliver westbury : i love the game it's real cool and soothing graphics are pretty good as well
ben lindsay : a masterpiece. once you play zen mode there is no other way to play.
kate sharples : finished tutorial, ad then prompt to buy coins? not worth my time! plus kinda motion sicknessy
mwamba mwamba : cool exciting game. relaxing and the best part is the challenge so awesome
kanta sharma : its ethnic beauty always attracts me... lovely and relaxing game .. mind blowing game... please install it who loves natures bounty....
raj kumar limbu : awesome, amazing, relaxing and just love music.
a google user : this game is relaxing and i love the scenery, specially the sunset and sunrise.
emre a : top half of the screen is useless. why not pan down little bit so we can see where we go
jayson basilio : i loved it. this is the best challenging and soothing game i ever played.
99kingz : game highly not optimized. i have 3 frames per second on oneplus6
kani c. eurphete : super easy controls and totally addictive and i just started playing!
ender_god : wow. i have no words, i spend so much time on this game. there is literally nothing to complain about, it's that good. i totally recommend it
arnab mukherjee : great game for stress busting. please add some more tracks. please
christopher jay domingo : app not work on my s10+. always stopping not even loading?? uninstalled!
emma weaver : relaxing and wonderful game although it does have some funny glitches every now and then xd
hamza khan : forces you to watch irreverent ads. time wasting and bad advertisement
max fel : this game took so many hours of my life and i regret nothing. love the characters. izel is queen
nzogi royale : very interesting game calms you down and makes you feel like everything is going to be alright..
james bradley : game seems fun, all the ads make it unplayable.
omar mallick : it is a very good game but there are little ads please remove the ads
cibi ben fz : one of the very best games ever played... peace of mind..... the music is the power
gabbie v : when i'm feeling down i just open up this relaxing game and play. and sometimes it's not just when i'm down sometimes it is just a great time killer. but you have to slap llamas on the butt tho
rainy day : its fun but the ad's after every single run ruins the game completely
anonymous : this game is really awesome.it's graphics it's music all things are super awesome.i really love this game
stephen hall : i love this game the art is like the bomfire and the other games i would play it for a long time
madison mueller : this is my favorite game too play now each character has a upside and a downside its amazing
rishit prani : the zen mode is literally the best thing you could've done with a game
adarsh v mohan : love it. the zen mode is relaxing. great job.
david peters : nice and relaxing game, can have better gameplay. overwall 10/10
anthony johnson : can"t believe what i've been missing. addictive, beautiful game.
harshitsolanki solanki : i love the backgroung music and i really feel good to play this game really well done developers
bryan m krisimpa : i put 5cause i played this game and it was really nice why because it is really really adventurous and it's fun to play alto's adventure
soe thura oo : the music is so lovely & good . thank you for making this game !
uzoma uzoma : this is a simple and great game. the challenges make it even more interesting.
anil kumar : amazing graphics, i like this game good sound, and music
changa peter : great graphics and awesome application of the laws of physics
ashfaq ibn main : best mind freshing game i've ever seen . go ahead. hope more relaxing features will add soon.
raymond evans : this is a really relaxing soothing game to play especially when stressed i love this game :>
lucy cook : its a great game love the graphics thank you developers keep up the good work
chris ku : crashes immediately on opening now. every time. (on galaxy s10e)
vishal pandav : not working in my asus zenfone max m1 pro... force close every time i open... android 9.0 in my device
kumar : excellent graphics, brings love towards nature. very relaxing.
hatim aliasgar : this game is very good but in starting i not understand missions but game is cool there is not frontflip also
winston li : the gameplay was fun and it had nice graphics only problem is the ads
gallant thevaliant : always a good game to come back to, very simple and relaxing game
abhinandan adlinge : beautiful music and wonderful sights....simplicity won me over...
hlompho radebe : graphics are cool. music is relaxing. i love this game
ragesh amrith : good relaxing game with good graphics and music.
a google user : it is a good game but in night mode we can't see the rock otherwise it's good
tharun kumar : the best i ever played . the graphics, sounds everything is so far best
john salinas : this app is very nice.... it lessen my boredom while in quarantine.... i like it.
a google user : cool game, totally smooth and very much relaxing. lot's of fun
s dilip kumar naidu : awesomely awesome.found this game and felt in love with it.the first game was awesome though but this didn't have lemurs
mohammed redowan : its very addictive. loved a lot... and it has a cool music....
matthew mack : terrific design, just a very peaceful and beutiful game.
wang sherpa : the best game by noodlecake studios.alto and his friends,the elders,music,locations are five star a game worth our time
muni ajay parasa : the superb game which will give a cool and relaxed feeling in worst situations also
seitou tsariru : even the shittiest of games are not this persistent in giving ads.. very annoying..
insane hannah : background music is so relaxing this is so unique game everytime i play this game i felt so relax ....
a google user : this game is awesome dont need wifi a liked its relaxing and fun to play a can play where ever l want.....good job developers
reginald lowther : simply awesome especially the graphics and the music
kekdkdjdj jdjdhfjdjru : amazing! better on apple tho because u pay for it and no ads
dirt : alto's oddesy is the exact same but with many different upgrades and cool new things
molvi musk : amazing game,from start to finish,highly addictive.
esha mallick : the fantastic game.... has so calm and peaceful relaxing music.... love it
katarina gaurina : beautiful game design,peaceful and calming playing experience.
sourav trigunait : this is an amazing and funtastic game i ever play wooow. if you bore play this game may feel good.
johnny sir : these game is very good but i can't play because i want to play actions games like pubg etc. sorry alto's adventure
lankala sethuram reddy : simply awesome!!!! and good graphics.
thechiefbanana0 : good game but the guy that chases you ruins it. how the heck is a camel running almost 100mph? fix it please
andrew franzosa : would not let me jump. crashes on launch just overall doesn't work
hari haran jayavel : good graphics and long adventure game .control use easy
yea yeaast : lol then only reason this game hasndownloads is because its on every single phone on display and really every new phones like the mall as ddfault
naimur saad : the game is good but i am giving one star because of the annoying ads after per run
kyla davis : very relaxing and cool to unlock all characters!
e b : rock that are impossible to jump over ruin the game. rigged for p2p. zero stars...
istiak ahamed sifat : this is such an amazing game but sometimes jump doesn't work that's why i'm uninstalling the game
crippling depression : this game is great! i love the graphics and the game is very fun and addicting.
dude's gaming : super graphics and gameplay. a perfect match.
lily b : really great to pass time no bugs and really fun game play
ben hanneken : this game is a great road trip game because it keeps you calm while you have a blast.
abishek kannan : poda it very beautiful good game and very nice gameplay is 5 star and controls is also 5 star the graphics is very good 5 star
benn myburgh : just overall a really nice game its just my tipe of game the music,area and feel of the game is nice
mark a : loved it so much thank you for making this game. great background and experience well done.
timothy browne : graphics was awesome! loved it! full stop.
sherilou colons : simple and smooth gameplay, addictive too and great time killer
krishnarjun k : it's one of the best games ever. great graphics, great control.
tejas m banakar : very nice senaries love them and the music mode more and more satisfying
patton pray : i love this game but the new update is making it crash on launch for me too :(
sherlyn lobo : amazing game. very smooth ui. good game music
donenilo : absolutely beautiful; the perfect game to relax with.
adauto serpa : beautiful game and sound track. hard quests.
noman meria : one of my favorites...i really love it. thanks developers for making such a beautiful game.
technicalboy 22 : an ultimate easy and relaxing game. loved it.
maple oak : too many advertisements, and they are not even interesting.
roshan singh : controls are not good unable to make the character to jump or to flip need to be updated
dipankar dutta : hardly recommend if you are searching a relaxing and bordum killer game..
tumma venkatakrishna reddy : most of time hang my phone which has only one game app i have completed many levels but today in able to use it
syed mohammed ahmed : simply amaxing game, the backgtound is soothing an dthe game is simple but beautiful
joshua baker : i paid to get rid of ads, after that it's great!
a google user : best. good music, graphics, and relaxing
kwizera pacifique : good graphics, good music....i love this game!!!
sean schaefer : the gameplay is fun but the amount of ads is overkill
lata verma : i gave this game only 1 star because in this game you lose very fastly no matter how you play.. and of course it is so simple..
mintu sab : i loved this game , but there are still some bugs which need to be fixed.
stephen volz : very relaxing just less ads and you got a perfect relaxation game
stephen murphy : love the design and wish they could have made it a little easier
aman jha : love the relaxing music and beautiful graphics.
dark snow : very good. it's be better if information to season be compete. thanks
alice : too many ads. other them that, its really relaxing.
eliza mace : its such a relaxing game which really helps when i am stressed.i just love this and altos odyssey soooo much
antonio jem catubig : this is so nice that you can go just chill in the mountain and use youre earphones what a nice game
a google user : it was fun and somewhat addictive but too many ads
tearfox : the gameplay and the music is awesome . so nice melody
a google user : was watching my brother play it and first 30seconds i started downloading it just needs to show what level you are but over all great game
a google user : very calming and relaxing game, particularly when on zen mode
a google user : the best game ever i have played!! the most interesting game ever this game makes a kind of peaceness during the time of playing ; so according to my view yhis is the best game i have ever played.
ajith naik : this game captures you in a way that is not meant to be explained. just experience this piece of art. an art of life.
holly brosch : don't get this game get the new alto's odyssey it is waaaaaaay better! trust me and just get alto's odyssey!!!
christopher ross reade : crashes on launch every time. galaxy s10+ snapdragon.
deathstar : this game is so awesome graphic r great i wish more content for. this game please.
a google user : the most relaxing and challenging game i've ever played. loved it
ava stamatiou : super fun and challenging! i have spent a ton of time playing this game!
trash pandaa : amazing game. very nice art, music and gameplay
adnan muli : its fun but it suddenly stopped responding to so i had to wipe all data for it to work
jeffrey lund : while the game is beautiful, it's also pretty boring and repetitive.
manveer singh : really calm and relaxing it even has a zen mode really addictive
tenko kari : beautiful game! very fun and peaceful once you get the hang of it.
ashok mishra : a very relaxing game, beautiful graphics and it's very satisfying+ relaxing
austin daw : very peaceful and lovely to look at, also fun.
mohammad shahid : best game for time pass. and the characters are good.
jaya bharathi : when i installed this game i loved most . but later this game is very boring graphics are better controls also better but the game is not better
eshelle jore : i love everything about it, especially the zen mode i recommend 1 bgm tho, afterglow by ryan hemsworth
swaraj more : damm one of then best offline game with the music in background and graphics damm just damm masterpiece
a google user : amazing graphics, music, and theme.
maynard panuel : soothing music, fantastic environment, great characters.
gagan deep singh talwar : amazing..very soothing soundtrack..everyone should play it once.
don umar : very easy and very interested and super time pass game.i gave fore stars in the game
rowena ramos : so relaxing. headphones makes the difference. wow!
a google user : it is kinda fun just to dark and sucks a little i would not reccomend to friends your choice to download or not
tapolabdha bhattacharya : good game zen mode is very good and the music is soothing
emperor aslan : the game is simply awesome .... and the music that is what makes it special
rajendra radiya : this game amazing. but need to add extra boot upgrade ski.
gauri potdar : this game is sooooo addicting.... especially the zen mode is my favourite.....great job noodlecake studios
shrut dalwadi : remove stress, anxiety and we can easily relieve from depression
smokescreen prime : really relaxing, and is a great leisure game.
samiam : this is my favorite game now. i love the music. i love the graphics. thank you for this.
ingrid syku : i like this game because it has the graphics great and it is so peaceful.
saura sai : i don't personally know you developers but your game made me cry ..how someone can make something so beautiful and sad at the same time.
murad hasan sajeeb : it's a very interesting game. i like it so much. please, add some music more.
onnapria mares : this game is so much fun, i really recommend downloading it. i showed it to my siblings and they love it to!
pete martinez : i think it is very cool i tried it on my brother s ipad and it was so much fun
jintu phukan : very peaceful and i love playing it moreover it's music is very refreshing.
henry trollope : great game but bug that stops alto spinning mid spin is ruining long runs
aisha yahia : its good for your mind...and so cool for you ... you feel like you are flying in the moon
playgamesarcade : great fun game, but where is the nvidia shield tv version of this game? says 'product not found'.
ej : great game to relax and a fun take on the endless runner genre
king drip : very good game great to listen to music to as you snowboard
audrey k : it wouldnt let me control ther skier several times and stopped working.
lamar : simple and relaxing music expecially when in zen mode ( forgot the name mode lol sorry ) it was so relaxing ngl, btw
raj mukherjee : actually it is so calm game when you are tense it's music oh! what should i say it's graphic is also awesome .
florevelle bongcawel : i love the graphics, it's so aesthetically pleasing!
pratickk choudhury : the experience, the music, everything is just wow!!!
shubham saxena : nice to play but some time it didn't take the coins and boosters.....
jesse rozco : it's really fun buy the rocks get on your way too much.
shabbu papu : it's not a problem game. it is a best game in my life i want to be a best friend of alto
prince of thieves : i like the second one better but this ones okay really its nice but i like the vast deserts instead of the alpine summits
prabir biswas : design is awesome, the most minimalistic game i have seen
daniel kallsen : the feather powerup glitches out and i run into rocks, then i have to watch a trash advert
zach k : great game, super annoying, interactive ads.
madara uchiha : game is good but please make some ads more appropriate to children sure i'll give 5 stars
rip xs : why did u have to ruin a perfectly good game for ur greed how on earth do u make a free game free to play after when it was released totally free wow no wits just a barrage of ads way to go devs
parsa moallemi : it keeps me entertained whenever i'm bored. love it!
shonen_ weeb : love this game, pretty relaxing and reminds me of when i was younger and used to play this.
agnes smith : i love this game so much unfortunately the controls aren't so good but its amazing non the less
ayan karmakar : this game is very relaxing. you will fell very exciting and relaxing to play this game...
njobe arnold : great game nice and calm only problem is ads but it's a great game
mnm : relaxing and simple, a perfect game.
merciful lord : i love this game sooooooooo muxh because it have great gameplay and graphics and a wonderful relaxing music
sparksfly : great, and calming. helps manage my adhd during lectures.
stefan cvetanov : love it...love that there is zen mode...always a good thing.
pritam pal : this game is just amazing ,just some time button doesn't work.
payton prentiss : same as odyssey but tweaked to make it much harder.
john c : a very fun casual game with great music and visuals
brandonius : great game. i've played it for a long time... but it keeps crashing
katie n : i can't pass the tu tutorial because the controls don't work.
david draper : too many long ads. i uninstalled it.
mirehsan omrani : please fix ad bugs or remove ad , game not work after ad .
fox ushiha : this is a wonderful game! i loved it, it's relaxing and cute! ahhhhh
malti yadav : astounding wonderful just please try it once and you will get addicted with relaxation
suspicious cake : its a really calming game however it keeps crashing everytime i open it
mohsin : they didn't add tutorial how to play it automatically land ups and down
myo htet : what a game! it's so chillin n laid back. just can't believe we can play this for free.thanks a lot devs and all team members...
abel : really beautiful but i felt like it's almost the same as the first game, altos odyssey.
adrian kowalkowski : it's an interesting game with nice graphics and adventure
shawn atiqur : the game is overall a very fast pace action platformer.
ka'burst : nice game. when's it's raining, the sun and moon must disappear.
panwar happy : it deserves 5 star but i will not give it because it is free on phone but paid on android tv.
nate fukuwa : cannot play, crashes immediately on pixel 3.
axey ds : best game ever it's so relaxing and the music is just amazing
fillemon nashilongo : this is a really fun game to play. it got me glued to my phone all day so i would really recommend it to all
akash roopesh : the best game i have ever experienced in my life. just loved it.the music is just awesome
hallek g. : waaay too many ads (unmutable ads!), otherwise good game.
shyamal kumar biswas : nothing special... sometimes boring! not so good control.
a google user : i really liked this game!! it was soo peaxeful ful and calm while looking at the scenery pass by would recommend this
benjamin yambao : it's so great the sound is so calm and the zen mode is the best
doyouhavemilk : great game! its ao perfect and personaly my favoret game! low key cant think of a con.
azura zakaria : the game is very good but the flip is just soo slow......... enough said....
rekha trivedi : please make like this games it is very addictive and have a great graphics
yogi ari : i really like zen mode. relaxing sound in the game i've ever played
alex ramirez : it's a great game with jaw dropping visuals!
john gardepe : its a wonderful game to just sit back and enjoy this review wont be much help but its something. love the game uwu
a google user : this is a really awesome game. i love zen mode, it's so peaceful
tenshi : i'd love me some 90fps alto's smoothness, but dem ads keeping me from 5 starring
austin louis : beautiful and calm.the music is really relaxing.
jigdeal bhutia : best game. personally one of the best stress relieving games ever on play store
kaarthik rm : game with cool graphics and animation.
jamie kwong : amazing game, simple and fun. recommend to anyone.
varun kumar : the background music is amazing i thanking to the creator for good mind relaxing game
arshid nadaf : very nice game. superb graphics.. no to improve more...
nolan terry : i wish that everytime you land a double backflip it gives you a mega boost
john palmer : best one-button gameplay and semi-random level generation
pulse : nah....this game is toooooooo goooodd love the peaceful music and scenery.....the ambience is beyond words..... jusst lovvvvvvve it.....its perfect after a tiring day thanks developers
steffen waldner : it needs no explanation but no ads a mobile game with no ads five easy
maddy samia : awesome game, no ads so far. highly recommended!
nathan gridley : needs more obstacles but it's still fun to play
paris laycock : i played this game sense i was a kid and i loved it! i would always be happy about playing this game when i got home from school. still play it to this day, trust me! ur going to love it
kimiya shahabifar : this game and the alto's adventure are awesome games and its sounds of rain and snow are fantastic
immanuel_lyndon manny : i have always loved this game it isso relaxing and good if you have nothing to do or need down time
swagat kumar sahu : simple nd short gave ,running smoothly ,ads r in controlled ,
yash kansal : i just really love the zen mode of this game........ the music is sooo soothing
daniel ronan : really fun game, but the ads make it deserve 1 star.
zesty chicken : fun and very relaxing, zen mode for full experience
ankur anand : one of the best soothing games when played with earphones!!
osamah anjum : used to be amazing until these new ads came in to it completely ruin the game
lorraine campbell : i've been playing it for a long time on my brothers phone and i love this game and my others please keep the work up i'm crying
nugzi. projects : sorry relaxing and good if your a bit stressed out from what ever your doing
avinash kharwar : amazing ...just one button click for the control of adventures island
sherman_ mcfly : it's a good game but when you skiing at night you can hardly see anything
roc_ kit : overall nice game if it had a level based story or something interesting wound be even better
sozius : beautiful and rather fun i actually someimes waste my time just watching the brilliant day night cycle alto's odyssy is better though
wayne cmiles : will no longer play on a samsung note 9. seems i wasted what little money i put into it.
a google user : beautiful game. that and the second one as well. very good job!
hd haflong display : uninstalling because of annoying ads after every one match...
freddie winters : horrible! i barely start it and it crashes!
raj singh bais : very satisfying but with some small bugs and errors
rupesh shriwash : awesome scenes and and i love dynamic weather and relaxing music,best game i play ever
koalaguy : very relaxing, doesn't shove ads in your face
naveen kumar : really amazing game... i love it...... alto's adventure.... best game.... i recommend to gameing lovers.....
vicky smith : i reckon it's an amazing game with awesome graphics.
cody hofsink : goals are abit too challenging even at lower levels
antony anthikad : ui is amazing. great work team.
anita chepchirchir : i love it the music is perfect the mechanics just download the game
jon kuci : cool look but not so attractive in playing and gets boring really quick
rajesh patil : great timepass game. and playing with allan walker songs give a great experience
timothy elmer : adding non-optional ads after the fact is not cool.
mike ryan : game updated and lost all my progress, not cool.
saddix _z : this is a very pretty game! and super relaxing! 10/10 definitely would recommend!
md hossain : i just love the graphics and the background music is amazing. i love it
mihir : awesome game. simple and artistic. 5 stars.
a google user : i really loved the simplicity of the game, and it's very relaxing. 10/10!
brian bain : super fun game. great way to spent hour and hours.
tmwh gaming : sometimes the controls dtop working and when i click alto doesn't jump
kodzuken : i love this game very very much cause this game have relaxing mode that's i love to play when i'm in mood for relax..................................................................................................................................................................
manisha deshmukh : it's amazing and peaceful to listen . thanks
t dangler : i found a bug if you play once then fail and try to replay you cant jump
zafran prayata wiza : im really like this game, very nice !!, ads is not too much
spazminpoggers : i love this game because it is super fun and i love the music. it is soothing
ollie bailey : this is such a good game! it is super easy to learn and really fun!
riya 143 : i am a pubg conquer player but everyday i played atlest 2 hours this game. the best game i ever played
ashkan khodakarami : the best phone game i have played , specially the free road soundtrack is wonderful , does anyone know the name ?
gal gadassi : a beautiful masterpiece of a game, with beautiful graphics
j mortensen : good before! but now there are way too many ads!!! i guess the owners became greedy...
prakhar gautam : will convert it into 5 . if developers give us an option to select weather in zen mode
md sanmon sardar : just feel the music and environment with headset
a google user : such a lovely game! so atmospheric and beautiful! wonderful music
udow nomee : smooth, simple, beautiful game.
naveed cheema : bestest i ever found. the transitional environment nd soothing music juz luv it
abraham sabbah : very relaxing. beautiful art. enjoyable gameplay.
akash kumar singh : osm game graphics and scenes .i loved it .its music is loving and so peaceful
no gf : amazing and beautiful at the same time and no predatory microtransactions
roshave mohabeer : innovate more games like done for odessey and peaceful backgrouds view in the game.
judy millicent : a very beautiful game it is very relaxing the graphics are like so relaxing i love this game
tuog productions : pretty good and worth downloading. spectacular art style!
genji2507 : great game could use fewer ads or just be like 3$ and be add free
siddhant jha : how can one make a game so beautiful.... just one word "awesome" but there are some glitches around...
busyness man : nice game too many ads :( alto oddessey is better than this why is this even editor's choice? so lame....
zaiah h : so satisfying and relaxing love the game especially zen mode
zuberee rahman : very relaxing time pass however it's hard to play..
seeb : it's very good game and i absolutely love it and the sounds are so satisfying
sunil acharya : it's sooooooo calming, i almost cried lol . i love it! it's not just a game, its... unexplainable peace
mladen bajic : hard to get into with constant ad interruptions
sachith : its a great game to play offline. kills time.
bun_bun : i personally love the the pictures. this is the best game out of all my games!!
jitendra gaur : graphic are so beautiful just watching gives a great experience
munyaradzi verenga : good graphics and colors . also its lite
a google user : beautiful graphics using controls but maybe one too many ads
emily : cool game idea. really nicely done. smooth gameplay.
normie : it's a mobile game. their isn't much to say about it other than, it's a good past time.
sinedstro cythan : the scenes and sounds are mesmerizing. it's that peaceful heavenly feeling in some animes
chandan kumar nath : this is a really great game it has good graphics.really good game.
- roadninja : simple but really fun. killed so many hours with this game
saurabh mehra : very nice and calming music , good graphics
graham sargent : in game ads annoying, and too dark to see at night
a google user : one of the most relaxing and elegant game of the decade
arunava dey : awesome game, engaging mechanics and fluid graphics
richard wickward : this is such a fun game i cant belive and there is barely any adds so this is such a fun game i love it so please make more games like it thank you
allan archie : it's okay. not diverse enough to. gets boring as time goes by.
shreeparna saha : altros oddyssey and altros adventure are familiar game. but altros oddyssey is more fun then this game.
merlin : it's so good ahhh. it's very calming, artsy and simplicistic
akku evin : i loved this game i have also played alto's odessey but please make this two apps together so it would be great
tarun kumar : i like the game too much it gives me very good experience of mountain and snowing everywhere
cavin alrick : this was the coolest game i've played this far ! i loved it ! this game moved my mood. better than nothing. i liked it !
adarsh uday : relaxing game , music is really soothing great adventure game
vel kani : best adventure game in zen mode i connect ear phone that sounds melody like and thrilling
kanishka : the most relaxing game ever,,,, every time i play this game, i get goosebumps,,,,
brittany roundy : i only rated 1 because when you hit rocks you are not able to see them with the background
ben holtgrewe : it's better than the new one and it has great music and controls
maya rani biswas : the graphics are very beautiful..... i liked it very much.
relexson : great gameplay, visual n sound is very realistic
slender : peacefull game ,awesome sounds and good graphics.
charlotte : beautiful design and you're not bombarded with ads.
louanne mendez : i cant jump theres a glitch i really want to play this game but its not letting me jump
kimkim serly : i love it, but i want to complain about. there's some things i don't understand how to handle and it's not included in the tutorial
ryan smith : it's just ad after ad at this point. i get that you guys need to make money but there's a limit
beverly johnson : downloaded this on the back of other reviews and i haven't been disappointed, a lovely game.
gulshan : it's playing is like a waste of time. it's better to play other game.
anindya subhadip roy_crn 222 : great game and the snow covered theme is just awesome...!!!!
gayanne ch. : it's so difficult, yet relaxing, anyone can enjoy it.
a google user : i love how satisfying the game is. great graphics!
ngakan gunawan : very enjoyable playing this game, calm, relaxed and challenging
pooja khanna : the most soothing and relaxing game of all time!
temoc avilesstovold : the best game ever the graphics music just the most relaxing game ever
krishnendu guin : great gameplay, graphic and music!
troy udtohan : a pretty fun game! perefect for passing the time.
j lekha : it's very interesting and good...graphical adventure...
dont look on my name : the background is cool and the flip is very very satisfying...
justin doc robbins : relaxing and great to play to pass the time.
eat your cereal : i love the design and the concept of the game it's so relaxing and fun
bruce carl bramer iii : excellent gameplay in my opinion no ads when offline
marissa jones : 3 stars only because when the snowboarder crashes i want to see blood. more satisfaction.
tulasi kommula : just loved the game fantastic controls really cool i feel just amazing after playing this game
skippie granola : it's simple, good-looking, and has a great soundtrack.
o e : stunning visuals, great background music.
mocambo khush hua : it's my first review for any game beautiful game background music graphics everything is perfect
a google user : fun but repetitive. graphics too small.
jesus alvarez : this is the best game i have ever played in my life. and i got to play it when it was time to go to bed! and i am not citing at all! and my name is keniell. i love this game!
j.i mazumder : one of the best games i've played so far it seemed to be boring at first but i'm addicted to this now!
epic boy : really soooooo relaxing and beautiful graphics.
sashi thurya : it's a very boring game. there is only one place. do not download. this game is very boring game
haritha : 5 stars for the bgm good game . offline . no stress. recommended one
arnav aoi : good to play in quiet places pretty challenging it is nice.
david ubersteuernen : game crashes when trying to log into google play games account.
songs center : wow i loved this game its sound and background is awesome like real nature please make many games like this nature games all the best for your new creations
titaan : a very nice and relaxing game. superb aesthetics!!!
mukhallad salah : i love this game and i wish to make another adventure for alto like alto in jungles of africa
therottenmutton : i love the game its so fun, and the zen gamemode makes me feel so peacefull and calm, best game you can get on a moble device
ankur jha : dear sir, i want to thank the person who made this game and i don't wanna say it's awesome because that will be it's insult and thank you for making this game
o_0 : there is no zen mode with deathless run...shame uninstalled.
rishabh verma : awesome and amazing game but plzz try to add a option of adding facebook friends...
scott kimbrough : don't like the ads and i can't jump over ravines.
aza chapman : beautiful game, really fun, minimal ads fully recommend
s.h. rehaman : spam add after match .if you not intrested, feel like spam addvertisment is full in every moment no anyone social login
ahmed hyder : one of the best games on the play store.soothing and etched with calmness.dazzling!
get bent gaming : fun at first but got boring, also not many ads
callie morales : amazing game, great graphics and fun.
dheeraj nagdev : try the zen mode.great visuals and music.
ellis luke : amazing game with great art and will try and support this game!
andre gas : nice but..i can t see my man nor the rocks sometimes, they re too small...at least my man should be fluorescent..and rocks should glow..nice music and feeling
patrick scars : so soothing and relaxing to play....best game to play after a tedious day in school
piyush : game's great. but for my low vision it's a headache.
tanay singh : very good game i love this as the character are unlocked various new power also come
bubbles : i love this game especially because of the gen mode its very calming
creative das : this game is so good .. it's graphics is so good i mostly like the day night combination
andriu brenes : it's one of the most beautiful games i've ever played, loved it guys congrats for this game!
c : unresponsive controls mar an otherwise pleasant experience
ahmad sawaid : the game have i very good sound in background , its fun .
believe osenele : dude the graphics were to die for you did a pretty excellent job i'm actually jealous
dreaghy : 2d + ssx + journey mashup ! nostalgia and musical emotions along playing !
naomi horn : great game. way too many ads you can't close out of
caleb turk : fun run (snowboarding) 2d platformer game.
floating stone : relaxing enjoyable and easy to play with no ads
ela main : fun game great graphics but but the controls are bad
m didia : really cool to relax and play without data usage
emerald : it's fun and all but i cant figure out how to do the giant holes in the ground.
amit basu : very relaxing music and awesome heart touching graphics....
akhilesh thakur : bad game....waste of time...hill climb racing is better
jessie austin : decent game to play in a waiting room no progression system really
ayaansh solanki : amazing graphics and really calming and relaxing
navneeth kumar : awesome,i had to uninstall it because of storage issues, but it is a very good game
shaban chang : this is a very beautiful game of my experience and today playing am also i am also thank you and thankful mr #alto adventure congratulation maker
slash & dash : cool and relaxing....not extremely great likebother games...but its fun
joseph r. khan : 100% free, 100% relaxing, 100% addictive. this game is the best game ever created. keep it up!
miss nawar : beautiful game, beautiful sceneries and of course, beautiful music.
shayne 'ct' ayres : simple and relaxing, i love this game, would give six stars if possible
nate r : wack a$$ game requires an ad watch every fng time you crash your snowboard.
sajitha ck : best for relaxing .so calming and the relaxing artwork
deepti marathe : awesome graphics and extremely soothing music
kevin bruzzi : amazing game and graphics; very addicting.
onkar dalvi : exceptional graphics for a simple gameplay
aditya verma : relaxing and calming with music, even quite peacefull
doughnut media : this game is awesome but why is alto flipping the wrong way on the icon.
ali gohar mughal : beautiful and quiet relaxing game.. worth time spending.
pravin parmar : the following url adobe the adobe flash player is required for video playback is unavailable right now
wy tank : love the game good graphics and it's better than aiko's adventure
a google user : iam a great lover of this game and i liked very much and when i grow up i will go to this similar of this place to do an adventure like alto this game is really opened my eyes and this is shure that one day i will do this adventure and meet the creator of this game and this game's music give me so relax and give a strength to study i love this game very much i will do this adventure one day thank you for developing a relax able game
renato atienza jr. : simple yet entertaining and interesting game.
nishant kr : controls are weird, multiple touch doesn't work
paolo : relaxing and visually stunning.
sayer : beside a bug there is nothing like a problem. great job
edward agrusa : ive played this game for years i love it and its relaxing as well as oddessy keep it up guys.
shreyash raut : awesome gameplay especially that zen mode (really stress relieving)
dlm skullamander : this is terrible i can't even make the character jump any more.
joey capili : this is good but i have 1007 coins i like this forever but you make this great and good and thanks we love the game
captain_kaptain : fantastic game. you won't find another game like this. it makes you feel... special
eric rose : used to be a great game before they overloaded it with ads.
zazzy banu : amazing graphics great work on jumping and i love it
pi -tech : good game and graphics, it's song is very relaxing
jestine odelia sharren sinaga : this is my favorite game of all time! i first found this game in the phone habits, and played this. it's really cool!
balongelwa alfani : really good game and with really good graphics
prakash pammi : feels so relaxing makes you feel stress free gameplay is simple gives you mind refreshment
ishan : loved it. very soothing gameplay and soundtrack
cameron govender : it's a fun a hard game when you go further witch makes it fun
barbara bennett : i love the zen zone it's great and beautiful.
p viswanath : excellent graphics and very exited levels are there
dhruv trivedi : one of the best games in the app store.very relaxing and enjoyable
tinio jasmine supan : great app the details and sound effects everything!
kishore shaiji : vivid background and fun expirence along with the soothing zen music makes it a top notch game
pandorium [ceo of candle wax] : it starts off slow and for to long but still fun
larry qin : calming music with simple mechanics.
alisa winterbach : it's so beautiful and relaxing to play. honestly a lovely game
old starchy : well made, relaxing, and immersive. a real gem.
a google user : best game to kill time and the music is so relaxing
rahul ramachandran : great, simple game unfortunately hampered by predatory ads
a google user : everything is fine here but i'm unable to connect with my id which i have played before..... please help to get it back
sachin s. rathour : this game is just so relaxing it always calms me down just love all the editions of this gane...just love it
a.praneeth reddy : very nice game ,in these game very high graphics and it best offline game.
juggie bonebrain : repetitive. meh. beautiful graphics.
indranil saha : best game for online as well as offline.
jess.c : amazing the graphics are fantastic!
harry : i really love this game . it's so relaxing i really really love it developer thank you for making the best relaxing game ever,i play it a lot.....for those that have not downloaded this game download it now.. you'll love it
krushi kevat : love the music! it is very soothing. thnx
jonathan gendron : literally my favorite app, especially the meditation version!!!
crylasap_tear : i really love this game, this game will never get boring...well maybe when u die alot but thats every game.
s t i f f a f r o : perfect! and the graphics are very beautiful btw
cycle bean : i love this game tbh i had it on my old phone and i got it again pretty fun i dont play it as much anymore add stuff please. ill play more
adel alshamri : game had potential but they ruined it by watch a video to do this and watch a video to do that, garbage.
krsna rebulado : the challenges were something to look forward to. i got addicted.
pinaki mondal : fantastic peaceful game. love the background music.
ashang lungleng : too many freaking advertisements!!! sorry... uninstalling...
kash manie : it is a very peaceful game although,i die everytime when the guy with the stick catches me
anita bam : a very fun and exciting game to wile away time!!! loved it!!!
selma dwiana r : this game is so relaxing and fun at the same time. i also like the background music
shane mason : preferred the older version w no ads but still a fun game to play v casual
megan posey : this is really pretty and has nothing bad about except the ads
leland reid : this game is a wonderful thing, it helps me relax with the beautiful backround
jaffar abeid : i like the graphics and the features,good game
abdul hak : most relaxing game ever it worth so much beautiful and i have no words to say is that beautiful
gathan m.f. : really great time killing game, i suck at this game but still will try to make personal best. i recommend this game
kirk graham : i love the gasphics story title just everything i love it great game keep up the good work
george la france : really good graphics easy to play relaxing
james paine : crashes at launch now. can i get my in-app purchases refunded if this isn't fixed?
jikrul : one of my favourite game. played it for long time. still i am enjoying it.
harikrishnan t : it's good and intresting....but if we play continuously it's feel bhore
smail dza : good and a litl bit hard game play and good graficks and animetion
ash miller : i loved it. it was such a calming game and calms my nerves all the time
fred yates : cool graphics, but was very hard to play
advaya s : not compared or shouldn't be compared to pubg because this game has a unique aura or satisfaction!! keep it up!!
sir fred : charming little gem very peaceful i quite like it but no it's not your action/adventure game
hitspecko : : i loved this game. when we play there is no tension in our minds full of peace and joy
jj nisk : good one handed time killer challenging yet not frustrating -
simon gray : didn't work on pixel 3, crashes out on launch
aditya paul : its a best game in my life thanks editor's choice. i loved it.
prince tonny : its good but improve the place to be atleast good and also to look real game
a google user : i love this game. this is much better than alto's odyssey. i love alto's adventure.
ninja rehan : good game for mind peace its has great background and i recommend playing zen mode
shailesh sonwane : why in starting it ask for collection of data?? i mean it collects only game data or another data in my phone??
mark marin : app used to work great, now it keeps crashing
rashmitha himath : beautiful vishual effects. perfect gameplay experience.
gokula karsel : best game.graphics are good,and also the task are intresting
johnny stene : okay game, ads just straight up can't be closed.
prerna kumawat : very good game with good graphics and sound.
a google user : seriously one of the most beautiful an peaceful games ive played! great job on making it
roshan500 : i like this game whan started playing this game in 2016. and still like it i forgot this game for a while but i was watching youtube and this game's add came up anyways i hop there make a cool game like this again
elod : the reason why this only gets 4 stars, is that i get bored really fast but otherwise, i recommend this game, and i like the chill wibe of this game
dude imperfect : it's a great game, i enjoy playing it and the background music is soothing
frost cold : it's a fantastic game, very peaceful experience and recommend this game to all
crazysololo : best game in the app store so fun challenging and never gets old
jonard vincent romero : the music is good and are the graphics i will download altos oddeysey
rajnish mandavariya : great graphics and concept.
twisted mind : the best game i've ever played, it really calmed my anxiety and gave me peaceful and positive vibes i love it so much
simo momo : amazing relaxing game. i wish i could rate it 5 stars one billion times
shreya jk : great app helps to calm down and is realistic.
a google user : it's great to play the game and the gameplay is also simple
mohsin salman : finally a gane with good sound this is the best game to play in lockdown
sharon muir : very enjoyable and good game to pass time with, v addictive
ravindra lahane : i played this game 4-5 years back and now i am download ing it again so see the craze and download it!! full support from me to noodlecake
broken heart : it has annoying ads. hate it
red dragon : this game is cool and active for me . i like! while playing this game, i think that in real life. so amazing!
arovan dragon : simple ,can be played when we are feeling stressed
kagiso rantsha : the greatest mobile game ever created. perfect in every way.
jakker green : beautiful graphics but not so much entertainment
sara and john savel : good but make it so you can do some challenges in zen mode
a google user : best game. simple control and awesome gameplay
panda jea 246 : very calming just play your music over this game and it'll be even more relaxing you'll love it
white_tiger975 : realy really good game just wish you could do more than a backflip
mirajuddin chowdhury : i have been playing this since i was released and till now i will not forget the soothing and peaceful music it plays
skyler cook : too many loud obnoxious ads, shame because game is fun
nav k : zen mode with day and night landscape is incredible
jeff jeff : absolutely incredible. this games a vibe, so chill. favourite game!
shaswat singh : the best interesting game i really like it get more just like that with new thing and upgrade thank you
hydro-bot : a must have. reminds me of journey the playstation.
cool boy : this game is very relaxing.i love the game's music.so calm and soothing!
punya pradhan : played this game on 2016..still searching in 2020..use headphone n feel d natural adventure..loved it..love it
gian antonio caparas : visually appealing and fun! a deadly combination!
chrono_ jester : it's really fun and a great way to waste time while having fun
olivia green : 5/5 the game is really addictive and fun.
gurvinder dhillon : best game! music + graphic make feel good always
a google user : fun little distraction, but not that much to it.
a google user : great game! not too many ads either
jonnathan rsk : best game, simple and nice views.
s/l football comedy : the first time i played this game i was simply amazed by how captivating the game was when it came to touch play
d s : too many ads, that are too long!
samurai d : i expected more. game works, but hard to learn
. : such as developed this game and super good music download must use headphones
ryann angelo flandez : good game with great graphics!i really enjoyed playing it
the_magicbee 447 : its really fun it also has good graphics for what it is
brenna spaulding : love this game perfect for if you have time you want to pass faster
fox_trotamus : super satisfying when your playing well good for relaxing
sherri kearney : lovely game, super calming and it runs smooth.
muhammed shan :48 : super graphics and amazing game it's music is amazing superr i love this game
sd perrin : it just has a relaxing experience that you can't get on other games.
tanatsa mudimu : good graphics and easy controls
the strange light bulb : great visuals. very relaxing.
jared skinner : fun, but too slow to run on my device...
dark gamer : great graphics great music's,great gameplay..amazing
somu shaw : mind relaxing game and it is very peaceful.
srinivas reddy : good game but please make the wing suit work it was not working at all
akhilesh appu mj : classic system with smooth music and artwork
james coram : fun to play, especially on long road trips.
samar abd el-salam : i love the game but now it crashes and not working
limeal gant : this game is so creative. missed the opening intro tho
abhishek dey : 'wonderful' can be defined seeing the game's scenary.
adarsh gurjar : such a boring game, and too many ads
julianna pochatko : so chill and fun, zen mode is the best.
cassi morris : my favorite game by far! even tho it's very simple, it's also very loveable!
gamingdisclosure : really good and pleasing just tru to make the stunt faster
kevin pierson : i loved it and thought of buying the app but it stopped jumping all my other games work fine
owen christensen : absolutely fantastic. every time i play this game it never fails to entertain.
jessie trinidad : alto's adventure is a fun gane to play it's not challenging but it's fun to play
mohammad abdullah : this is the best adventure game on play store... i love it.
a google user : its a virus game .. my phone show this .. don't download it can use your phone's data remotely without permission
mohamad hafezi : relaxing experience. good gameplay. amazing flow.
arindam kumar : the ambience is very soothing to the eye. great job!
ladislao caniedo : sometimes has a problem on click to jump
ferenc deregi : very chill game. love the graphics a lot.
derreck manley : it is almost like the game has a secret message telling you always get back up
harry : don't like the ads but everything else is great.
isaac santos : just like alto's odyssey; way too many ads.
urufi suimin : great game! really cute and fun when you are bored.
javed hussain : nice game, but not for a long. music of game is very nice.
hailelatifah botha : wow what a game i like it graphics are good it's perfect
franz samson : scenery is amazing, controls average, all and all amazing game
pharoah - : it's so beautiful to play, especially with music in the background
ait meijin : nice game to kill some time. beautiful scenery.
homiesexual : good game, really, but it glitches. a lot
okutu anthony : soul lifting songs and a wonderful game. love it...
trisha mamerow : pretty boring tbh
wunschtraum : love it. really
dhara singh : best game ever the best thing lies in its simplicity. loved the game.
kenny mann : the music and the gameplay is a combination of awesomeness
sandeep kumar shaw : really great game but a lot of ads
kumari pooja : i love this game too much , please update it and add more features
meherpriya mistry : it's a kind of a meditation, in the zen mode, with the mountains and sweet music
morondabeam gaming : this game is one of the best games that i've ever played, thanks to the devs that made the game and keep making good games like this
ibrah chande : best games ,relaxing and peaceful, awesome experience download now
malachi sanchez : this game has gotten me through some things, i play zen mode when im upset and it calms me down.
sarika bisht : the game is awesome and music is beautiful motivation music awesome
anand kumar : this game is fantastic and the music is also so pleasant. nice game
thomas ang : its really good and the graphics are awesome
joel camins : meh. it's ok. i liked the description and some reviews, but it didn't seem like a relaxing game to me. just kind of boring.
n r adil : it is a nice action game.cool graphics.nice control.
jc goliath balenton : it is so cool..its better if u put some chilling music "24kgolden the top"
jollycollins senyonjo : this is my favorite game alto i do install it when ever on each phone great experience
naseema kabeer : wow....extremely awzm...so relaxing ..and music was just too gud ..
random._. muffin : it's a great game, really fun and no glitches!
brtualjazzy : best gameplay ever you can get on phone for sure.
labib rafat : wow what a game what a concept very amazing but the thing is i dont see any full moon there now why is that i know the nights are dark but some nights are brighter lighter too you know i am only giving this a 5 star because guys belive this game has done a great deal to me and no.matter what the prblm is i know you'll figure it out
z : it's actually pretty calming! i really love this game, the scenery is nice too.
praneel sharma : very peaceful and relaxing game for messed up mind!
kanyon anderson : my dad has this i loved it now i have it great for all ages make sure to check out the second one.
rainesest2005 _ : this game is phenomenal, it is calming, it is fun, and is a great experience.
abhiram m s : its a different experience.a simple but great game experience.
ramazzo xenson : i think you should add more chases in the game to make it more exciting
veronica rodriguez : great game although it has some not to serious glitches any ways great game
esha javed : it's simple easy and fun to play
vikram hastak : just switch off the internet while playing this, you will love it!
project ivy : it's a really good game you should get it and rate it so other people get a chance to play it
vignesh v : i love this game because of the soothing environment and music
shweta thakur : perfectly mind soothing game.. definitely addictive.. wonderful challenges
ar yeamin : this game make me relax ..and one finger cortrol make it so easy to play..ghaphics are so soft .. i love this game very much
manju sabari : great game relaxing music and zen mode is awesome
amber larkins : i love this game its very fun and intertaining plus you can past time faster
omkar jadhav : great concept i love this game for timepass and for stressless life
geethanjali pushpanathan : simple and perfect extraordinary graphic
steve soo : i can't put into words how good this game is - all i can do is regret i didn't play it earlier.
anthony : i love that game is so relaxing and good i really like this for play later my long and tired day
ambreen aamir : i just downled it for the zen mode because i love this mode.any way i love this game very much
zainb tanveer : very nice but some words has tough meanings which understand very difficultly
michelle delaney : graphics are amazing but i don't like the concept of the game
ahsan z : this game is awesome and its sound effects are epic i really enjoy playing this game.good work
dustin eidrin balbastro : amazing game....very relaxing....controls are easy
ashley joy laberinto : my only concern here is when it is already evening and you can't notice those rocks ahead cuz there were no lights hahahahaha but anyway i love this game!
md. shakhawat hossain : this game is just awesome! i love it. it is my companion when i am bored.
stella eranga : i like the game, so much fun playing it, it's really an adventure
apdo samy : the game is awesome and very relaxing i want to send love for the creators
balaji amutha : this is the best game i played i like the graphics and sound this is a great relaxing game
ayodeji ogundeyi : it's relaxing and fun in a single package. i love it.
kiki first 82 : very calming and soft lyrics always enjoyed playing
cuong ngo : please fix the crash bug on both alto games
saravanan maheswari : really a great game my child hood game awesome! love it!
tongti aier : good but some times it stucks at same position freeze but the game is nice
obaid khan : oh man i just love this game, stunning graphics.
salma farah : relaxing and calming game, enjoyed it but it's a bit off
ilse verster : great graphcs and over al a good game i recomwnd playing it for everyone
james piedad : a great game to play very pretty like no ads in it
cody beck : dumb. background gets so dark you cant see and the game itself has no point to it.
diimy 2 : yes the game is good and all... but if i uninstall and install it again i lost all of my proggress
bonnie hickman : relaxing yet challenging! very fun!!
sandeep kundar : all time favourite game..it has unique background music
aayush sahu : zen mode is good but shows inappropriate ads...
the coding sparklers : it's a nice game but boaring..nice graphics.
surriya : just amazing. it's never gonna lose its players.
simon clarke : the games good but not enough trick variation.
rick ghosal : i love this game.really a good gameplay that reminds my childhood days.
siva sakthivel : this is the best game for stress relief and also addictive.well done
john ekama : it's really fun and interesting so, yeah the developer did a great job on this game
diana griffin : just love these graphics. fun to play.
jhon lloyd trinidad : beautiful game but the graphics is not satisfying please improved this game
bibi beepbeep : there are not a lot of ads. i rarely get them at all
parblo byrne : it is much good take my word for it, you just need to practice a bit to get better at it.
donmar acebes : good game nice graphics and nice sound
chris nate : it an awesome game! great game to pass time.
loaf of lumps : never installed it but it's decent it just randomly appeared on my phone though.
naivedya sunaniya : very relaxing gameplay and loved the music
games fort : relaxing game and good mechanics and runs soomthly. i like it so much
jayden lawrence : 1.i like the game i love the music the music is so calming i could listen to it all day and night
elijah thagana : amazing for relaxation and de-stressing
elijah jonah : i've already finished this but still like to play it it's fun and relaxing.
a google user : i like this game background music this music is awesome. this game is so relaxing .......this game is great.............my favorite game alto
a google user : i love the graphics as well as the game play i give you five stars for that
a google user : this game was soooo fun it make you free your mind and enjoy peacefulness of the game so does alto's odyssey
ibrahim rehan : wow love this game soooooo much in alto adventure you can also have a photo impressive
nathaniel cyle cauan : it's fun and the music on zen mode is nice
ko htet : it's nice game but the things in the work shop are not enough for fun.i mean that you must add more things in next uptaded.wouldn't you?
rayhan raju : the gamimg quality is good simple and intersting
aria king : it's amazing no problem fantastic graphic nice i suggest you download it
faltu vines : good game with soft sound and every think of this game is just osam i can't explan u go and try this outstanding game love it
vicente pena : beautiful game. it is so much fun to play and is very relaxing.
arnav sundararaman : smooth graphics and relaxing to play
dan demannio : great fun. download and play it already its fantastic!
moe gyi : us good game, and its work full every action,i like that!
shreyas r : i've specifically come to review this amazing game!! it is so soothing..thank you for this :)
arundhati kar : it is a very peaceful and nice game, just wanted to know what engine you guys used for making this . awesome game tho
biswajeet pradhan : its zen mode when played the game sound gives relax to mind
sneheth adepu : ads ads ads! ads everywhere! it's not in-game ads. it's rather in-ads game!
saksham agarwal : guys please try to bring 1 more mode like there is zen mode okk fast then it will be best okk plz try to bring
maroua dahman : really relaxing game i play it in the darkest moment of my life .. it's useful
alaguvelan alaguvelan : a wonderful game, i never thought that it will be so interesting and addictive.
vex : i love this game it is really good and i love taking photos in the game
laural hill : new update seems way less stable, freezing after ads
markus lemerise : the chasms are too wide but otherwise very good
erfan shamsaddin : forcing the ads on the player after every lap... typical.
a google user : simple to play and endless fun.
hemant sharma : ones i was in train and download this game, it still give me feel like i having a train journey
hunty 398 : this game and animation stye is awesome!!!!!!
mohanad xd : beautiful game. the colors in tha game amzing . but i hope add a a arabic langoage
shivam soni : this game is awesome. its soundtrack will take you to the another world
kurt aldrin doguitom : just turn off your connection done no ads any ways add some cool music
ilham arfian : disturbing adds, that's too much. ruin the game experience
31 witches : fun like it a lot. just don't have the space for it anymore.
- blonde bee - : just luv it soo much cant stop playin it i love it!
tanjirophare : really good game the graphics are beautiful so relaxing
kl arun ff : good game but should add some more biomes and monsters
josh comley : this is a very relaxing, very soothing, beautiful game
velkarthick a : nice game. but lot of ads
michael m : it's a nice calming game to play and isn't too intrusive.
athirah nawawi : best offline game and its just a masterpiece
ben josef cerillo : good graphics and relaxing music
dillon : this is the most beautiful game that i've come back 5 years later to play it
wole : songs makes me sleepy ...but nice gameplay and graphics
derpy derp : honestly i had this game previously and had absolutely nothing to complain about. it's one of the best if not the best relaxation games ever
ajul b. jual : it was a great game ever made. i enjoying play the game it have a beautiful mountain.
fardin ashraq : best game inthe world
jj ss : i love this game. its really amazing and relaxing. it just cools me down...just....awesome
shivashis pradhan : time passing ...and fun to play ...i love it
neelam singh : alto odessey is better than alto adventure. but this is also good.
akash deep das : funtaastic game. and the bg music is awesome. thanks for making this game. try this it's the best game.
shree : 100 stars rating. the best relaxing game i have ever seen. thankyou who develop the game.
samuel lindberg : one of my best time killers and it is super fun to play.
lenny davis : ads are so intrusive and constant
becky roe : this game is fun to play and satisfying. very relaxing.
swayam siddha mahapatra : it's a time killer game. i prefer playing tiis game during quarantine
duce 47 : this game is so good that i felt like i'm in the heaven when i played it's zen mode.... thank you alto
soumen basak : the graphics is outstanding and game is awesome
h46_ajin siva : good game but lots of unskippable ads.
siddharth jain : ideal game for your smartphone. a must have!
arta beigi : the game is very, very good and the music is relaxing
raeez rahim : just feel the music zen mode.... awesome game...awesome music.
asanda ngwane : needs better graphics and properly more boards i guess
andrew chaleko : music and art is amazing the rest is just not good
future world : it's a great game ,the music in the game is very good and relaxing
sanjay g : super game so colour full and good feel for music
the noobgamer708 minecraft forever : i love it its very relaxing game and probably no ads
qudret bal : one of those games that you keep coming back to even after years
hans truumaa : fun relaxing and beautiful
nuno mateus : too many ads. i've uninstall it. bye bye
tiger tech : this game is for chilling but yeah the same map the same game mods everything is same but it's good for chilling
a google user : it is an awesome game. the background music is really amazing
mj santos : the insttuction was all nonsens it will say tap and hold to back flip and ofcource i do what it says and nothing happens
discord ezra : i seriously love this game specially because of the relaxing and beautiful background
dream on : please add mini games too and more characters pleasee.
goddess jones : i really loved it it's very simple but so relaxing so beautiful
mrp1 gamer : best android game i've played. and i have played a lot of android games.
putra hidayah : a beautiful game and artwork, thank you developers!
dominic harrington : really liked this game. definitely one of the best games on the play store.
ralph natulan : great time waster,addictive and challenging
asgar ali : best adventure game everyone please download it,it relese stress
boris mauricio noa huanca : the best zen game. beautiful. well optimized. 10/10
amrin alert : it is a really dun i love its nice cool music and its very relaxing
aaron hanna : great offline endless runner with beautiful art!
zahidul alam : anything from noodlecake is a treat for me. alto's adventure is no exception to that.
brian ajax wintor : pretty good, way better than the standard endless runner.
amey thombare : i feel it more satisfying it is best game with beautiful sound and quality
emanuel gonzalez : made a deal with epic games, nice, now i know that i shouldn't buy this game.
trinabh chauhan : very relaxing sound and very good gameplay well-done
five nights killer : lovely game and zen mode is great you people have made a fantastic game
nick p : amazing! feel so peaceful with music scene play. ..
anthony allen : relaxing fun game to play especially if you like to snow board..
clyde baltazar : simple and beautiful at the same time. i love it!!!
md miraj. 24 shorts : this is my one of the favrte gme of adventure nd i give the 5 star becoz it's really so cool
e r : very fun game with very few ads
atharv patil : incredible game...i like it very much....its amazing game...i played this game about 2 years...its very nice game...maa ki chut
ze albino fox : it is a simple game, but it's also beautiful calming.
ashley stone : i love the graphics annd it's a nice game! yay!
olav do rosario : its a pretty good game. it's excellent to pass time.
rohit rathod : awesome game love the vibe of art , music !!!
a google user : i love this game graphics it is beautiful and super runner alto go and catch the llamas
rohit verma : best game of my life. especially the zen mode
a google user : i love this game , just improve little graphics and game play , rather it nice game
rounav mandal : best game i ever played music is so soothing and satisfactory.
mohd firdaus idris : game crashing as soon as i start to play..
simple one : best game i have ever played..i am hoping another version of alto game after odyssey
ntando sandile : editors choice???? really? why!!!? ok, i need to play more to see what you see.
kookie v : nice graphics, good offline game and i love to play it
nirmala devi : best as played
marvel fans : feel the music like that it was very pleasent to hear
kratos gaming : addictive,nice graphics and background music
hari patil : fantastic time spending game, adventure graphics osm..... i loved it
vinakoti srinivasarao : nice game, add free , best graphics , no hang of phone
kb miller : awesome game no two was even better thank you for making a great game and me being able to have fun
mariyam shaheeda : very amazing and cool but can you add more charakters
megha panchbudhe : it is a very relaxing game. it gives a soothing experience
aniket yewale : perfect game and its graphics ...!!!
ayush kumar : most satisfying and chilling game ever...when i feel uncomfertable, i used to play this game and this game actually chills out my mind..must try this game
muyiwa olamide : the zen mode is just absolutely beautiful
aziz amami : relaxing, simple, beautiful graphics
radan djordjevic : love this game,simple and fun. both parts
abhimanyu raut : very soothing music. love the zin mode
suryapreet dhiman : great game to relax and chill infinite long run
arvind kumar : i like this graphic design and sound is very crazy
a google user : love the game it so simplistic that it is good love the game gameplay is good love the sond track
prakatheesh p : graphics and sound effects was peaceful
a google user : its a great app love playing this game and letting my kids play all the time
kristian : relaxing, challenging and sometimes it hypes me.
docean thunderstorm : fun game, lots of ads.
rhino fernandez : awesome cool and fun game i used to play it when i was five still awesome never take down the game
julie cooney : very pretty, this game is challenging and fun!
oscar brown : very calming, cool art style, good game
k sinclair : i thought this was a puzzle game but its not at all..
lemonadecg 3d models : nice game, but crashes often.
nadine clayton : it's fun with the lames and all the people i i think they could make one in a jungle maybe
chief rath : ads are so noisy and sucks
sol the gardener : it's not relaxing, it's boring and annoying
pixie dummy : it's totally fun to play and also very mind-blowing
puroo roy : simple to control, and motivational for some reason i don't know.
datomezz : the longest ads in the world.
lazar miladinovic : rocks are so hard to avoid. they luck like back environment.
rahilul islam : the background music, theme everything just relaxes my mind
lone senpai : odyessy is an impeccable sequal of this masterpiece right here, commendable work by noodlecacke on both titles , good job
hiba mannan : it's a great game and the animation is stunning !
kusum lekhwani : worst game of surfing, pictures are very small.
a google user : nice skiing type game with good controls.
krish : loved the game and music is so soothing.
agmk satyanveshak : already played it now playing odyssey. its landscape i love it.
christian ashish : camera is very zoomed thats y we dont able to know what is comming
paul allen cauguiran : beautiful game! love the soundtrack!
musfiqu allam : it is a good game because of this game we can control our fingers easily
hrithvik raj : good game but the hero and obstcle seems too small while i am playing
bis mandal : a visual treat to the adventurous in mind.
soul of pilot : exept paz this game is awsome. the only one is just useless player hdhsgshd. i love this game.
sharon selvan : i the game but when it gets dark we can't see anything clearly.
a google user : fun but you need alot of consentration this one of the best games i haved ever played.
stem e_ chandelyra alvarez : all goods its fun but i dont notice rocks
chanda t : it was fun, until i saw and ad.
george o'halloran : really nice game with a great soundtrack.
rajesh singh : its really an amazing game which gives a special kind of satisfaction while playing
tamasa chatterjee : a very good game. it just took me out of the stress of the exam thank you.
colin garman : very good it is a fun time waster with basically no adds
shubhopriyo basu : serene, thanks a lot for the zen mode
tyler knightknight : i like this game a lot because it reminds me of the winter in a good way.
quick siege : anyone here from being at a verizon store using the iphones this game is beautiful tho and a good time consumer
tinamyte : it's great, but given the opportunity, just play alto's oddysey
sheeja joseph : really good stress relief. calming game.
subhankar laskar : good graphics this game is so relaxing... i loved it soo much
sushil katikia : amazing game. i think it should be rated 8/5.
yogesh : really a nice game.i really like it so much and i reccomend everyone to play this 2d game if you are bored of other games
shajal basnet : best game and graphic are in top nocth i really liked the switness and provides a relaxation in mind good job noodlecake
steve wilson : dark mode is too dark. otherwise fun.
bradzz gaming : it is awesome i like it and i have an idea for one of my videos
coochie man amung us : i took away my progress pls fix it i was in level 26 and it was lost
pierre corvellec : in game purchases without any value to the game whatsoever.
piyush suthar : love the animation and music!!!
john peterson : this is a good game but i ant no good with it but i give it 5 stars regardless
natu han : fun game. nice graphics
ta mere la pute : controls are trash. not worth.
fanda martin : nice game but it's really copying ski safari
michael herold : i have a few other games but this is my favorite. simple and fun
manish ff : must add online multiplayer feature
bigcee : pretty good but can be frustrating
mainak sarkar : i really love the soundtracks.
shavaughn gould : i love this game amazingly beautiful love the graphics
raj kumar : most fantastic game in the world very good skills
syed rosedar athiya : it's most amazing,relaxing,peaceful game you will not regret by playing this
zenstrow kurosaki : this is the easiest game i ever saw! this is the best calming game to remember!!
mohammad parvez khan : i don't like this background music..altos desert music is like relieving
moon bhai : ski safari 2 is wayyyy better. try that its just feels like a ripoff tbh
banana boat charlie : beautiful artwork and music!
mehdee : great graphics and sound
sprinkles the dutch angel dragon : this game is amazing the art is so cool and it's overall amazing
tanmoy bhadra : nice game...nice controls..background is just awesome...
areeb hussain : alto game is very good we love tis game and very cute game. its music allowance is good we give five star anf i love this game i interested game gonna we play
bright ming : love the graphics. the music so relaxing
mae ann suaybaguio ababat : i like this game. the sounds and effects its was fun!
kiki limz : too much ad but still best arcade games
nova chan : if you're looking for a game that's calming and relaxing this game is definitely for you!
jegadeshwaran sakthivel : best relaxing game i like music and graphics very much
lesieur : music is good, nothing else is unfortunately.
zeenat khan : very beautiful graphics and very awesome game
haikal : this game is awesome but can you remove siren head and a light head? thats make me uncomfrontable
chandupa anjana : this is the best. i love this game . i love the music . please make more games like this
veeralakshmi venkat : you can't describe this game in words. but numbers can.10/10
pushkar chandra misra : nice game, could get some better upgrades for a 5 star rating.
firass zeiny : very good game and relaxing to play
sanal @iwaresolutions.net : good game with astonishing experience filled with calmness.loved the game....
makinde abdur-rasheed : could you please help us by removing those rocks, or at least do something to make them visible during the 'night'.
alex max : i love this game it so peace full and fun it got adventure .
**antariksh dewri** : it is so good game from it's category . and i love this game because it have so many theme s like real
fawzy nahwi : just amazing .. i can spend all night in free roam listening
a google user : great relaxing game just boulders hard to see at night
potato tactics : great game, but not quite as good as alto's oddysey, which is an amazing game.
mabberly 176 : it's good it's just the elders where way to fast
hamed kakavand : it's good game. but soo easy. i finished that in less than 2 week.
anup sinha : oh my god butefull butefull super game i wanted to say u all its a butefull butefull and hmmm what was that? ya it's a really butefull butefull game with ultra modem grafik please play this game
petrik svetrik : laggy af because of the ads loading in the background
orange man : this game helps me relaxed. if i'm ever stressed, i'll play this game.
neve mcdevitt : absolute banger - free on android 7 !!! on apple
aneesh c : the graphics and background song all is super and i loved it
khalil abuayyash : this is genius the best game ever i am addictive to it its music is incredible
linda bork : beautiful, atmospheric, and fun. i love it so much.
shaun frost : pretty good game , but after playing alto odyssey , this just doesnt feel as good
charan srinivasan : liked the graphics more than the game.
richard : fun. good time waster. did get old eventually.
abram hansen : ads make it so that it feels watch to win
m g : characters should be larger and recoganisable
made in heaven : keeps crashing on the title screen
bbibbi : i love this game, so peacful,i love the music, and the snow
cayleigh-grace kehoe : awesome relaxing game for offline and online use
sankirtan ananda das : need more correction in this gane... graphically good...
a k creation : no words to say its amazing a game that should really want to play for any agers for a relax mind
zpua : best game for relaxation and entertainment... world needs more such creations
jonas reasoner : it's super great for relaxation
boss : game crashes every time i want to connect google play.
tatyana divino : this app has good graphics and it is a lot of adventure
harikrishna kayitha : i like this game the most. before playing this game i've no interest on game. but after completing this game i have waited for continuation of this game. wonderful game
tristan french : i was like guuuuuunnnuuuuugh when it loaded . i had a great time! :)
elijah mccrone : very relaxing game with good challenges
ed steele : really basic...only for little kids
evan jensen : game will not start, just keeps closing.
levi : it's a fun game. good graphics. it's pretty fun.
tapamoy chakraborty : best ambient game ever with beautiful background music!
jenine van 't wout : stunningly beautiful game. you simply don't get tired of it
mary grace : felt amazing, wish it were pink tho. omg wrong review, sry i forgot this wasn'online victoria secret. soooo embarrassing. anyways i love this game
john wright : this game is great for when you are boared. it alwase distracts me from reality
pikaness kewal : great game i liked the idea of zen mode.
prakash pharde : excellent sound quality.. very satisfying
matt goddard : just a rip off of ski safari games with forced ads.
the lembeater : love the game awesome graphics lovely music great background i honestly love this game
ernesto bornales iii : relaxing game and wonderful soundtrack.
anything for a thousand vewis : the rocks are so small and hard to see
syam lal : great game to spend your time... the bgm is the killer feature here..
tomal paul : a best thing about the game is that ..it provides relaxing musics
tophatjac : calming music simple game it is really fun
mohammad hasibul hasan : great graphics, comfortable control
robin g : this is an awsome game that helps you relax. would highly recommend.
lokesh sharma : game is good but everything is paid and no upgrade chracter or skit
abhishek ahirrao : the ads are too annoying.
tanz02 : i remember playing this game since i was a 6 year old i am ten now but i still play the game i love it
zainuddin wiza : this game so relaxing, i love it especially the zen mode
india king : beautiful graphics and very relaxing
ben asante : after playing this game , i just wanna say thank you to the developers this game is the best
senpai thefbi : best time killer..and comes with great sounds
ruben quintana : great graphics and music
luvolwethu nicholas : the game is 100% perfect. i can't complain well done to the developers
deepak ps03 : very clean and neat graphics
seth march : can we agree noodle cake games's games are wonderful
tumelo mosweu : needs more features.otherwise it runs smoothly
florian tischner : beautiful, but really pushes you towards spending money
shishir thapa : its very hard and you have to focus in front of you more
shofiq selim : the background music is very good in this game. just loved it.
felipe antonio : love it, so simple yet so perfect.
sadia fairoz : am really impressed with the arts its worth it
aman : crashing after signing in on google play store
tanush chirala : awesome game, i been playing since childhood. it has gave me nostalgia
pn rahul : super game..... i'm addicted .... when levels go more exciting
lloyd cipriano : the graphics and music is so cool
alex rosalie : chill,fun,very nice graphic for a small game
ali ahmed patel : this game is so fun i play it 24/7 no problems with the game
iam nobody : omg this game is amazing!!im liking this sooo far!!everything is awsome!graphics.relaxing bgm.day and night circle.weather.i want to give more than 5 stars!!!love u noodlecake games
stars sky : cute premise, but soooooo many ads
kyle barnard : fun to play love the music and the art stile
vishal sisodia : music is very good and a simple game
e'torian valentine : i love the game it is a childhood classic from 2016
blkivory : it's a very good game but i wanted point and click not jump and dodge
seema chaudhary : this game is so good it should be on console and should also be paid
tiru ghosh : most relaxing and awesome game, no adds offline gaming
mohd sahil khan : best android relaxing adventure of all time in android
tahira perveen : this is great game i have everd played thanks for this game there is no prblm in game but please add some more music
sudhanshu sekhar mishra : no bug, smooth and peaceful game
tharindu nadeesha : this game is best and great graphics.
anurag pramanik : love the zen mode... so soothing.
shubh kumar : i can't loggin my i'd i at 20+ level and also unlock 2 players but i can't loggin to my gmail i'd pls help me to connect my i'd
shuhag miah : good graphics and good gameplay
shay funk : beautiful to look at, sets you up to fail jumps
josh : too many rocks to enjoy zen mode.
a google user : alto's adventure is an awesome relaxing game ever!!!!
king ameer hamza : there is glitch . sometimes player doesn't jump.
a google user : a endless game with great graphics
dennis boadu : the game is awesome but it would be nice if boosters were attached to the game
olivia padilla : very relaxing and stress removal
isrrael regalado : i love the game it's enjoyable and fun to play my opinion you should download the game
arjun sudheesh : i had already played this game it makes me relaxing mainly because of the bgm score was extremely superb.now i am playing altos odyssey also
zack pickles : its decent to me that it will be possible a get a better 3rd option if you want me september or 2nd of september 3rd as i have said i would like the same for my phone call and the police had not no from the police other the my to of court police law to the police and pick me up later soon a few time u in u in out to eat your phone own your phone or on me at your convenience and to can will come can to you with the a the for the athesmatic and 6th 7th so as so so as so as more of an honour than t
kariim adel : this a best game ever music graphic very smoothly love it
jhane de la rita : amazing game! very fun and a good time killer
majibur rahman : when i fell sad than play this game this game sounds are peacefully . i love this game
olivia rosario : it is just an upgraded version of temple run.
sormy ahmed : addictive. graphics are awesome
mike rosenfield : easy controls and fun
justin : kinda fun but gets boring after a while
imran nazari : very relaxing. and nice graphic
manan warge : resolution issue..fix.. working fine till last update
brahmadath smampazhassery : hats off to the guy who composed the bg music in xen mode... idk how to describe the feel i get when i play that.
saswati : i love the zen mode! super relaxing!
smrutiranjan samal : it's a most charming and joyful game.so just dwnload and play.
shivangi singh : all about skateboard but the background music is relaxing
lisa kinsey : i love the smoothness and the calm feeling of the game
m harshavardhan : the music was amazing and heartwarming
john mohsen : too many bugs and too many things don't make sense.
kaushal knight : in this game, each and every moments truley relaxing our body. just osm
stephen m : really fun, can't wait to play the sequel
chris bueno : good game,did you really expect a game to remove ads? thats literally how they earn money..how can they earn money then if they remove ads??!!
jason kuehl : crashes on launch. any updates?
mango boi : good graphics but u get bored of it quick
champion boy dgm : it great! and i've been only playing it for 5 minutes!
a google user : its good but there are just too many ads
ashmeen thapa : this game is too much fun.intresting this game graphic is good.
ashil afridi : the music is awesome and relaxation
palash jain : app is getting crashed on launch only. device - asus max pro m1
dilan fernando : great relaxing game with the background sound.
pradyumna sarmah : a beautiful piece of art
fin boy : very good, no bugs, not boring, highly recommended
ingrid klara : a beautiful game, the colors are the best thing!
matt v : it would be okay if it didn't shove ads down your throat
damian ronnebeck : this game is a really good game for all the people who have been making this game just so you know it is a great game i recommend other people who have not played it yet should play it
supermation anime art : this game has some of the best graphics i've seen and it's really fun
himikotoga fanboy : amazing visuals and godly soundtrack
madhu bn : simple interface and soothful music
gunavathi surada : fanstatic gameplay best graphics and peaceful music
rk gp : graphics editing is very good
junior ok : beautiful, but pretty laggy on my tablet.
aaron gallacher : great game, ads really ruin it
a google user : marvellous gaming experience which i cannot tell you how i felt when i played it
angel quiles : a relaxing game with great scenery.
romario kisku : game is crashing after recent update.
terrance miller : i'll go on any one of alto's adventure. should've been called maya's adventure 'cuz, she'a the show stopper!! alto let his little sis, big sis, or little cousin or zomething ride after him in level 2 thats' got mad hang time. so ya, the game zope.
louise albert delfin : this game have a relaxing background music and awsome platform adventure
micheal ajin roll:28 xi a : not too competitive but good game.it is very relaxing.
narcisse masirika : the game is fun and addictive. i have enjoyed playing it.
ritesh hiteshi : this is best offline game i hv played since a very long time...
rupam hari : can not find level skip option
annonomous me : changed my phone and all my progress and purchases gone.
jhaanav lokesh : nice little game i wish there would be bosses you can beat
rock baby gamer : this game is very beautiful my channel rock baby gamer please subscribe thanks
che niba : great game and graphics loved the thrilling adventures
mythical beast yt : its a nice game and to anyone who says ugh it has too much ads just turn of internet like r u dumb?
a google user : nice and perfect game. but i think you should do this game eazyer to get other sceamer
wild wounders : really fun and a peaceful game when you have nothing to do
daniel adah : best game ever, my phone is always in my hands. i can't get enough of this game
red dawn : it is an absolutely amazing game and is so beautiful game and i love it.
aliaxe aariaxe : looks best view when flip over the top of hill...
karen thibodeau : love the backgrounds... sooooo.. mystical. i could get high playing this game. haha
a google user : not a boring game but waste time for downloading
tiyash : good graphic and great optimization
abhishek das : very good games but still more adventurous are missing
mehrez chouik : loved it required one more song but the displayed one is perfect
romeo kadenge : the game have a good geographic and it's not tiresome upload it
betthan u : wow i love this game i,m so glad i have a chrome book.cuase google plahy gives this game for free my best hight score is 11,000
rosa itzel fuentes : amaizing and minimalist style.
formestaken : amazing graphics 10/10 game!
techeager vlogs : just wow , nothing else but we want more such games from the developer.
nuki phonics : it so calming it sounds like your traveling it make my body so calming it fun tho
wolfpack duncan : good game especialy if you turn wifi off meaning no ads
bakra two : nothing to say truly awesome graphis in low size games
gurucharan chundi : when paz is unlocked ....when i tap the screen the avatar isn't jumping.please fix this !
cyrille kueny : beautiful graphics and fluid gameplay
rahul kerani : awesome game good graphic good control ,easy to play
stuart cartwright : great game, simple and efficient super calm
ilyos egamberdiev : the best music, full relaxation
md. zafor ali : i love it it's worth playing especially in zen mode
deepa joshi : best endless game i have ever played . the music super cool
nick gowans : awesome game buy sooooooo many insufferably long ads.
train man : very relaxing and peaceful game, would recommend
adeel ahmad : the tvnhvisvwhyv gavevit 4 starts is tha wgen you buy respawn from video or coins and ig their you die that time i deleed it but a good famr very high gr aphics reccomend you this game
sachinandan prasad : best offline game of all time.. :)
dalton shonfelt : will not work at all. super laggy and crashes
anish kujur : the background music is so damn good!
a google user : i like this game because of its smooth play and it makes a gamer experience good toward this game
john o'toole : good game, good production values. just not exactly my favourite game.
suriya .j : one of the best running mode game in play store
minewit : amazing! it was beautiful and a nice experience
kurt malit : i love the graphics and the sound is relaxing
asher jee : great game would have been five star if u had not added ads
chloe's big world : so relaxing and fun!!! it's definitly in my top 20!
avay choudhury : please add multiple mods and try to add bluetooth multiplayer mode
rip woot : i recommended its peaceful graphics are amazing and calming
alberto : this game is really cool and i love how they backflips.
gayan weerasinghe : it's super cool... when i'm playing this i feel i'm in desert... really good
archang3l7 : very relaxing and stress busting game
alexnohemi dominguez : this game is so fun and i just love the zen mode
prasoon deva : loved the graphics and the music
kashmala rab : slide experience.. bt many more fastest working for the app
shammah shareef : this could be the best game in play store . i enjoyed every moment of this game . i love it
sanjeet kumar : it is really good and best adventure game
shan shajan : smoothest control and graphics
zahid rana : no words to say.. it's awesome , lovely and addictive love you developer
l carnage : you can chill and surf the powder or go hard and get the points and upgrade. i like this game.
alex amoako : a meh sequal.. the game is okay, but not as smooth or fun as altos odessy
binny bin schell : i used to play this game win i was a kid it was so fun
syahmi02 norman : nice graphic...good landscape and more
sheetal gupta : nice game for the scenery and beautiful experience while playing this game
bagus budi : great gameplay,good graphic
deadly savage : did someone not get the moto? mobile games are not supposed to be this good!
cedric parker : too many ads.
krish yadav : nice game but graphics avery simple no hilight
remondobriya rd : game good but make premium, not need to buy anything
anthony martinez : great game it is not hard to control.
tusrin tasbika : easy and mind relaxing
lilpop fresh : really smooth and i have no problems
tim hori : really fun for 10 min. then same old same old.
lynn hawkins : zen mode is really good for adhd and anger.
pradnyesh mate : i love the team behind it is there any way i can donate to the team
boudhamani thiyam : i love dost game is beautiful and essy to play alto's is a grateful game
asaduzzaman : great canadian features!!
jane cute mc : so relaxing game like a dream game i really like it so good app ever this game it makes me happy
mina nematollahi : perfect and relaxing
zeinab esmaili : it doesnt match with 120hz display
margarita : great game really fun ,i am too addicted
naveed parkar : wow, definitely one of the best game around. how is this game even free
mukisa donnah : really nice , and fun game, love it soo much
thcor kabwe : dropping down the slopes....i imagine how my first time will be when i get to ski in the pure white dust from the sky's
maggie swartbooi : the game is fun and extremely relaxing
axesolated : this game is amazing non the doubt i had no issues with it for now
aridj kias : it's so fun and relaxing i love it
himpreet singh bhalla : best experience i ever had with any game . .
ulfat zahoor : awesome graphics.best game ever
donald xyl : this game is relexing play it when you r bout to sleep..
dodje this : love it this game is awesome thanks whoever made this masterpiece : )
pheonixteardrop : the hundreds of screenshots i have taken shows how much this game means to me if you haven't installed the game please do-
subaraj harichandran : excellent gameplay and amazing music
noah brown : awesome music and gameplay
xander frounfelker : love this game. it's so peaceful and fun.
james : beautifully polished and fun!
muhd al fahim : it so fun but anyway put some ahh just like bird
serene wind : great relaxing used to be better lots of adds now
gavin fehrenbacker : it was fun and calm. i engoyed it.
kaden didone : simple easy relaxing game 5 stars
irfan khan : i play this game 3 years and this game music wonderful and music touch my
sarah houshyar : i dont know how to use scarf
ranjit amitav rodin : no 1 waste game
ayikoru melissa : i looove it beautiful graphics n also challenging it's fun
jon marc ostrom : i mean it's ok but the part that i like the most is when you get chased
dumk graffiti : very peaceful, great graphics
jessica : its so relaxing and tge perfect stress remover
appearance_ : great game, no ads and super fun
vinit : very good for dealing with stress... peace
amaan s : very good and peaceful game. it feels very calm after playing this game.
kabilar g : ok but stage wise continue running feature missing
rococo puffs : very addictive. calming and aesthetic.
demonitized x : this game is relaxing and the back round sceenery is so amazing
hyekal 04 : good graphics and good music
richard brackin : unplayable with the ads
jhon vent : is good for a little bit but i find it gets boring after a while.
alan robertson : too many video ads.
idk : it's beautiful. absolutly stunning :-)
john mcconnel : its fun, relaxing and simple
riyo kozo : actually its awesome game and exactly the sounds and night mode
padmnabham vasudev : very calm game and very good graphics
helio rider : my childhood has this game.... want more to say but, some other day maybe.
hemavathi lokesh : wow super but it's just like plz improve some graphics
mrinal : this game is so calming. i freaking love this game one of the best game i've played
noob 1 : this game has soul,when i play this game i feel like iam in paradise,music and visual in this game is mesmerizing
francis alexander : great game love the graphics.
avinash kumar : too much advertisement.
arpita chakraborty : game controls aren't working
savio francis : great mood the game makes us feel adventurous and traps us in the mountain world
rohit massey : this game is not just a game,its a journey .this game really takes you on a journey.
naruto uzumaki : alto's adventure is the best game i ever played and relaxing too
raga sree : graphic is good and music
siddhesh cars : regards good graphics and a very nice and the best game i played
david martin : great game! addicting. see it on 24 hour conan o'brien gaming stream.
arka dutta : only if it the screenlight did not turn off if not touched
tony d : awesome, addictive, and stylish.
deepanshu vishwakarma : good experience nice and beautiful graphics
aniket more : i had played this game for 3 days continously and it's all maxed out but game is very good
nathan xyrus : god this game is absolutely the worst game on earth you cant even see the rocks when you are too fast, at least give us a warning
papia das : this game is far more better than many satisfying videos in youtube
aven b : kind of repetitive but still fun
jaz ricard : hopefully there will be another update that will fix the latest update.
glennz fort tuazon : i like the graphics so fun to play.
a google user : this game is amazing it is so beautiful please make another game just like this that would make my day .stay safe developer
kowsik prasanth p : truly a game to bust the stress.
smoke : its amazing to play in we are bored or ever realy amazing
kristina lopez : not that fun. great graphic tho.
lakshmi : super but i can't download alto's odissya and i can't update this also
rosemarie keen : dude best game you can just wind down and just relax
vinoth kumar : the great entertainment game forever for boredom times
marcel baszcynski : great music great gameplay classic overall great game
aditya narayan shukla : addictive, relaxing and stress reliever...
ethel greenwood : its repetitive but the mechanics are fine
andrew taylor : one star for the obnoxious full screen ads
himansu barik : this game has the most relaxing graphics
aman jha : graphics are very good
amanuel melese : its good game best sketing i love the place & whether.
geoff adams : no longer able to access "zen" mode. has it been removed from the game?
a google user : cool game, great game to eat up time.
maheswari a : the best game from playstore. i love the zen mode
fatima gattwinkel : amazing relaxing game but also challenging
paul wright : this is a beautiful game with a lovely sense of motion.
hanna davis : i love this gamethe visual graphic is amazing
ranodeep sarkar : just amazing and challenging.
deadlyrawzz : the endless mode is just too amazing!
kris p : very relaxing and smooth game.
croissant : the game is great but with some flaws, but still it's a great game
shivam maurya : better if level proceed while playing...
hungry cricket : very good but the sensitivity was very awkward.
finn .p : very relaxing game with no pop up adds
zachary steele : nice sounding background music.
poonam shrivastava : very nice and what se ge for kids and i also play this it's a very very very graceful game
husnaine 001 : good game but need to update with the features
atom trailers : wow! one of the most relaxing games i've ever played. you also just give it a try.
ajay : it's not working, not accepting touches
harsha shyam : if u have anything bothering u, the best way to relax ur mind is play alto's adventure. good job noodle cake studios
rahul deb : this is the best way to release stress and to make your brain calm
micaela : it's funn i also played it even when iam a child..
nandan r barade : amazing game, been playing for so many days yet i don't feel to leave
yossofo : such a fun and great game would buy it if it was purchaseable
british imperial : it alright but music gets repetitive
george taylor : incredible game. relaxing and so much fun to play.
hoodsii : i played this since jan 10 2018 oooh i miss this. keep it up
jay kalingan : pls remove godamn ads overall the game is awesome
the ryman : ruined by advertising. unplayable.
abby b : this gams is very cool. but itry to get it and wont work
alex belone : very addicting! im always trying to beat my high score!
preston duncan : finally, i can play the game we all played at wal-mart on there display phones!
ajacacket : it's so aesthetically pleasing and it calms my nerves
kareemali gaines : aggro alto's adventure pretty neat scarf length are twice as long great scheme liked alot wouldn't give him for da world maya my 1st additive she's also very farout like surfs up peaceout alto and maya see you soon
harsh singh : phenomenal game. this game is a "work of art"
lone wolf : game is too slow need to boost up lot more
guardian peace keeper : best game to relax, now all i need to do is play the second one
ali mohamed : one of the most simple and beautiful games
a google user : it's a great game to pass our time.. enjoying it a lot
nimawai aurora : it is a very relaxing game and it is of line it's the best
pravashchandra pradhan : nice back ground and brand graphics
sanjeet kachhap : superb game graphic is not so googd but it is fine
natalie kent : this game is pretty fun and the art is amazing
yohannes g-egziabher : simply great game. many thanks for the developers.
jovian lobo : a fabulous 5 star creation a big joy to enjoyment brilliant excellent creation. thank you
yesn't : lovely game for just calming down. recommended.
sachin mahor : this is the excellent game. it is good game for time pass.
thulani masango : great super game and nice meditation music
sukumar barai : good, beautiful and peaceful game! keep it up
i dont hack : mountain village, brimming with adventure. join alto and his friends as they embark on an endless snowboarding odyssey. journey across the beautiful alpine hills of their native wilderness, through neighbouring villages, ancient woodlands, and long-abandoned ruins. along the way you'll rescue runaway llamas, grind rooftops, leap over terrifying chasms and outwit the mountain elders all while braving the ever changing elements and passage of time upon the mountain. features: fluid, grace
a google user : the game wont let me in and it keep turing off plz fix it
kaylay stawart : really fun game and you can play without wifi
ari montes : this game i recommend for people now go want a calming nice paced adventure.
nongmaithem borish singh : best game with awesome music that will relax
shearfull : absolutely amazing and relaxing and entertaining 10/10 would recommend
girish : pleasent graphics but need to improve gameplay
evan thumboo : one of the best and most relaxing games ever!
jacob skarda : beautiful game. incredible soundtrack.
pranta biswas : one of the best arcade games i ever played.just love it
muhammed haif : i don't know too much about this game but i have played with my cousins i really liked this game i came to download in my phone. everyone just play it u will like this game
red smoke0 : so i played this game for 3 years and i still love it. i wanna redownload it because i have the new one
nadeem bhat : it gives real feeling because of sound
gaston lopez oneto : alto 1 and 2 are the best games i ever played in android
a google user : beautiful game. 10/10, would play again.
gandhi raki : one-and-only best relaxation gameever available playstore. let's go and download named alto's adventure
gokul roy : its very realaxing and one of the best android game that i have ever played!! i love this game
creamsodaguy : good game a bit hard for some but awesome game five stars
ladyrbug -uwu- : just addicting and fun, idk what else to say.
a google user : nice and clean!!! wondering play and amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sanjivi d : very relaxing and peaceful game.
_thanu__ bro_ : this is a next level game i have very premium experience i can't describe that
liv : i love it. it calms me down when i feel depressed, and, i like that. forever 5 stars
raq mic : very good game love it only i wish it was easyer to get poeple but still a great game
thiyoni cisys p : good ,stress less and natural feel game
suresh ramachandran : surreal and it's very calming. not too tough for casual players like me
sachin kumar : nice game but we can not play with our friends and all are good
a google user : i love this so much...i love the rain the thunder and everything about it...you need to download this game
sarah torelli : it was very challenging but fun
utkarsh rastogi : anyways the alto in your game's logo is not correct...flip it.
vidya suryawanshi : well the two games should be inter connected if boath are downloaded...
bharathi balu : love the graphics!
dana glass : bombards you with ads even if you ask to skip the video!
andrew musonda : good and enjoying the graphics
brenden xero : really fun it fun to just play whenever
darx : this game is very relaxing and fun, definitely reccomend to install!
m jain : very good game but worst game also because there is no multiplayer
kangwa songwe : amazing visuals my kids and i love this game
ctl.ndricim free fire : this game graphics is amazing.love this game.the natyre in this game is omg very good.
grace kanyama : its a fun and active game it really does not have a good effect but ist nice
wannes de backer : ok game, the ads completely ruin it
a google user : beautiful artwork from a professionals' fantasy. great work
a google user : awesome graphics awesome gameplay awesome control
ajmal suhaimi : love the relaxing feel and scenary!
silina tagagau : so interesting and also heart beating.
phillipvlahovic809 : the most beautiful game i have ever seen in years!!! good work!!!
shreyash singh : very bad and boring game pls add some satisfying things in this game
luis cano : i indeed love it but i wish you can buy stuff with your coins
satyajiy roy : best non addictive game for tine pass. no tension
vishnu m p : i enjoyed the game...nyz graphics and music ..
walter white : best positive game. so relaxing in the world of fps games.
andrew s : fun uninstalled because of ads
rudra kumar singh : sooo relaxing i love this game ...... this is the best game i have ever played and its zen mode is awesome 90000000..... stars to this game
rajib biswas : this is games is amazing unbelievable graphics over all very nice game
sourav kundu : a good relaxing game and it don't addictable
quentin dominguez : very relaxing and very amazing looking game!
jacob double : awesome game definitely worth downloading anyone can learn it and enjoy it
saidatt naik : it's fun in the begining but just for an hour
ctfu sorsogon : its great and relaxing. good for past time games
joel : headphones and zen mode such breezy escape!
victor warouw : best game to chill with.. soothing soundtrack
amit kumar panigrahi kumar : wow its mind refreshing...beautiful game for ever
mithu kutti : it is very easy and i love it's climate changing !!!
daniel archer : fun game, calming music, what's not to love?
fathmath ibrahim : this is great. it downloads like in 1 sec!
magzb : awesome game love the music and sceenery.
aadith ajay : epic one the best good looking games ever this game is an awesome visual treat "loved it"
sadnxd wc : its trash just kidding it wad the best game ever and way to fun
seth chidi : great game, helps me relax. it's very calming.
ma msh : awesome graphics and amazing game
michel charles : great game, but a little repetitive
muhammad mateen : the best game which is addictive and easy to play
a m : mood ruined by constant ads
rose flores : such a calming game with amazing graphics
asyraaf danial : make new game!!! i really impressive with this game make alto premium edition
avinash pandey : amazing game!!!!!such a great game i play this game in my free time and it's great. top notch relaxing game
dr. intaajurr rahman : such a simple yet so beautiful game.
arnav : the best and m soothing music i've ever heard !
cailyn catacutan : this game is beautiful view relaxing song the most best casual game ever
a google user : relaxing and really beautiful, definitely fun
isha haque : very bad graphics.
amir sohail : good music and graphics
jonathan rhodes : simple. not too many adds or pay walls
a google user : the best mobile game ever . so relaxing to play this.
chandus 10 : nice game and easy to control..
zul naz : wow best game and great graphics, i very like alto's series
mandar divekar : this game is amazing i mean when you got nothing to do you can play this game for fun.
sage r spahr : it's kinda hard to spot the rocks
its vicky : best art and best musics it's so relaxes me
hugo espinoza diaz : fun game to play during boring times.
mikepopper : its fun and the backround is also very beautiful
priya tom and jerry : the games was download the games was youtube soon comes fist time 10rs iam download offline very good moust person play store was very download very unkown network it is very bad
vincent proffitt : it is a very good game one thing i dont like about it is u cant flip yourself backwards
crocodie icecream : this game is awesome!!!!! recommended to download and it's addicting
zyncify_ 2k : this game is really relaxing and satisfying to play
obi fortune chinamelum : hate it it doesn't install faster
irshad last name : day night cycle is annoying other than that everything else is good
josh miksa : i love the views, thegraphic is good!
swastik basu : awesome game the backgrounds are really very beautiful. i love it
jayasreekarunakaran k : this is a worth full game the game quality is good and also a nice game relaxing music good game
deo narayan : its very relaxing game the zen mode i love it
krishna varshney : can't understand this game motivates and getting over it is quite a rage game by the way nice game
alfred antony : perfect gaming experience.... need more characters
toasthax lom : good music and relaxing gameplay
iman iman31 : this game is my best, it's crazy for five stars
ankit kulshreshtha : best in class.. dont know how aomeone can give 1* or2* to such wonderful game
kevin s : love this especially the zen mode!
sachlang debbarma : great game to spent time awosome graphic
chris be : fun challenging and relaxing
awe cezar : nice chill game. don't complicate it as other do with their games please
maruf hasan sun : thanks for make this game it gives me much pleasure also relaxing mind a lots of thank you developers and the community all please download it please
maro ikechukwu : alto's adventure huh? really cool tho. download it quickly onlookers
a google user : for better experience it is a good game for our own phone
korbyn jaiyanesh : the game is nice and the weather changes are amaizing in my opinion
rees 33 : very calming. if you ever need something to do this is the game
jonah robison : addicting and fun.
marco pellicciotta : lovely app, perfect experience!
alpha zulu : ad. ad. ad. $3.?? / character!!!??? shagyaself buddy! cheap ass game aint worth the mb.
denzil warren : amazing app, great music, five stars
shravani dhavalikar : awesome graphics and music...love this game
devi anil : amazing game great way to free out from the tention
george kalupahana : so relaxing and fun to play, i love it
prashanna rijal : missions are quiet unclear.. charms and all what are those.. clear them up somewhere atleast
ameer haza : amazing music and scenery
mia song-andrews : i love snow! noodlecade studios is the best!
a google user : the background and light is amazing
smita kulkarni : very interesting, peacefully and what i say is not enough very good and best game
evilence gaming : this game is so much better then other games . we can play this game offline.
ritesh singh : i am sure if you'll play this game you'll never fell bore try it ,enjoy it.
potato 1 : super amamzing,this game is my number favorite game,and it doesn't make you a noob,keep up the good work!
mrinmoy mukherjee : the most beautiful game i have ever seen in my life. it's too perfect!!!
daniel whitman : rly hard but fun
ayesha parvez : which music is used as background because it's beautiful . i want that
rameshta vishwakarma : this game is good although it has copied the idea of ski safari
gerald shaw : cant see 90% of obstacles because of nighttime
jandre 278 : this game is very relaxing and it's a good game to play that's why i gave it a 5 star rate.
rupashi chakraborty : awesome game.preety smooth and i am currently playing alto's oddesy . ( i think thats the name ) bye!!!
a google user : great game if u like simple and funny games
allan musyoki : no cap . i love this game, so relaxing
blaine jacobs : best game ever . it makes us feel like it is peaceful . wow
sangeet dhariwal : this game was amazing that brings my mind out from the stress this game was stressless
mahabala hebbar : good nice game you should surely try it once it is calm and relax
ireen machayi : great game, tried the second game___also amazing
ice : it has beatiful music and great gameplay
nadia appleby : i luv this game the music matches the pace of the game and its so zen good game
amit kumar : there should be more levels to play....good game.
v van : good game i ever play.... simple but challenging
nana kwame yentumey : really great game. gets a bit dull at times though.
eric miller : it just zen for casual offline gaming.
a google user : i love this game! it just drains the battery really fast
jesse hornblum : beautiful. simple. relaxing. rewarding.
hema garg : it's a really inspiring and calm game
cody alexander : great time killer and extremely relaxing.
yassin ghareeb : super relaxing, really helps..
lisa wheeler : really good game but the character "paz" it so bad. fix that please
#noobs tm : giving 4 stars becouse often after watching advertisement i dont recive my reward (revive or gold)
raphael smith : works flawlessly and is relaxing and zen like.
imesh navinda : this is the one of the greatest game i have ever played. i used this game to relax my mind sometimes.
super _s : nice graphic but boring .
vishal singh : a big black bar coming around hole punch in my oneplus 8. fix it please
ice wolf : i have got a samsung galaxy s10+,but this game does not running on my phone.i played on an older phone with android and went
pradeep sharma : best game but all characters looks like same
shocked pikachu : very addictive game...best for time killing
hifikepunye namoloh : this game is the best when you are on the high way and a person on a lama comes and starts to chase you
rc64 : memory's i played this game when i was child now its more awesome
arya roy : this is not bad ..... but i don't like arcade games.......
raheel gamer : very nice game and its music is so relaxing wow
light- -vault : cant jump half the time but altos oddessy is still fun
a google user : super the graphics all very nice brilliant game
mlbb rule : this game graphics is awsome and i like the music too so relasing game so i give the game rate 5 star and also make new update thankyou
mg1015 : graphics are stunning
abhijith c : relaxing and smooth.
anna stewart : beautiful game. fun. relaxing. love it!
mauricio garcia : nothing to do on the game upgrades expensive
armand olicia : its slowly control of signal that makes me happier hahaha
peter markstone : its ok but it have non skippable ads so 1 star i would give zero for thst if i could
abhinav joseph : good relaxing best graphics what else i can say
ahnaf akif bd : this is a great game . i played this game. but now i can not open this game to play. please give me a solution of this game. thanks a lot.
beldjoudi oussama : i love this game so much i hope that developers can bring other games like this one
pathik jangid : this is a very great game. soothing to the veins
daniel alem : cool game nice graphics maybe more skins and addons
cairo beyers : my only gripe is how hard it is to see the rocks
leon dark : this game is amazing but it's kinda hard and that's why i'll give it a 4 star review.
gina da last : this game is cool,good,nice,easy, what am trying to say is that this is the best game i have ever played,please try now
big man : i went on a road trip and played this game and it was very very fun.
kat & ryan stewart : nice but gets a little boring after a while
manish : great game.. good graphics also.
apeshiwe mukala : this game starts exciting but becomes boring in the but it is calming
krithik joshi : best game and background and sound effects are cool
cowen 2754 leibrandt : this game is somuch fun i love it and the games works perfectly
ali lahore : i like this game very much. i've plyed it and trust me it is really enjoyable game
atharva pansare [39] : nice mind fresh game easy to control
ruchika sharma : best game and the music is so relaxing.i want to give 1000000 star
aman singh 21 : simply beautiful so smooth and touchy
mf jones : very fun but don't play for hours
celestine : it removes my stress i love it also gives me chills when im angry its just the best
martha etim : nice game ,with all this chills and thrills that are out of this world
mounesh golla : one of the super games in the play store and pleasant game
anil soni : it is very peacefull game this game takes my stress away and i really love this game
badal patra : this is smooth game and also relaxing
aituar ibadullin : still looking at this background and relaxing
joel george : loved this game, had to delete it because i was too addicted.
lokesh bansal : it has very good graphics
auliya786 khan : amazing graphics beautiful game ever
a google user : this game has actual showed ma what reals nature looks and feels like
marwan s : super cool game. played and replayed years later
ethan scholtz : its one of my personal favourites and cant wait to play odyssey
a google user : this is a nice game and a great time spender
yashaswi vanga : you need not play... game it plays by its own... like a video playing in front of you
meraj shadow : graphics are so lovely
2002 a : it was super fun! i think this is the best game i've ever played on smartphone!
thiru trippy : clean user interface really appreciate it
goldenmaknae made goldencloset for goldenarmy : very clean smooth and entertaining.liked it
your worst nightmare : plz make it multiplayer because u can play with ur friends
passion padda : it's a very mind sleeping,but so adventureous.yaa i like it.
nyoro : honestly, one of the most beautiful games i've played on mobile.
vertex : smooth and very relaxing
anish khokhar : nice game and easy to control
shruti nahar : peaceful!! such a beautiful game! wonderful work
dilip mane : one of the best relaxing games.
hassan abou zaid : amazing game and best graphics and music by far best mobile game
abhijeet singh rawat : nice controls,relaxing game..
shubham namdev : most beautiful game , sfx , music ever , hands down
abishek adhikari : you deserve 5 star. no words just relaxing game . i got hurt from a girl after that i started playing this game now i am in love with it.
abhishek raj : perfect...but you have to change the c theme or background for more interesting
alvaro yaeggy : too many ads.
s ganesan : i think i have not played such a relaxing game in my life, this is prefect, i loved it
vox populi : my love for this game is unfathomable it was the first game i had on my first smartphone.
graham fortun : fun and zen mode is fantastic
the busters : awesome app good game play good graphics addictive relaxing good controls
az gamers ff : it is the goodest game that i had play its music is awesome and the game is too
sunny sharma : it's juts not a game u can also hear the music while not playing
mohammad hmadeh : bad controls, many glitches
val : it's actually relaxing and fun to play
ranjana barthakur : nice nothing is there so hard only we had to click once
eddy adra : too many ads... otherwise 5 stars
stubby chubs : this game is fun. it's just another snowboarding game.
muhammad ali : nothing more to do only tap tap and bump and restart
shashank patil : graphics are very best l really like this game
jitin j gigi : just simple and neverending !
mahdy tonsey : amzing sounds effects and great design
muz youtube channel : good graphics & good sounds.i love this game
david meddock : love it! this cute game is so addicting!
abhinand a : i really like this one, calm music ever
affan khatri : amazing game and beautiful graphic s
sukesh poojary : very good game ...superb, but i wanted to be adventures
cai nyo : played the game at night soothed me to sleep realy enjoyed i'm just not a huge fan of forever games
balakrishnan balu : fantastic graphics,cute sunset amazing awesome wonderful
alejandro mascall : the game is good and all but please update the game it get's annoying so please update the game but all of that the game is good
a google user : better than temple run 2 , oz and all series .
itzgacpiz : i like this game so much this game is for fun and time spend.
khora marker : it's a really fun game and i love the design of it all
matthew wilkinson : so many ads!
a google user : i like the game i can say that it is better then temple run....
sahal ap : great and nice graphics
young offsides music : amazing and vreat for road trips
joseph gamez : i like this game alot. i told other people about it. the music is good too.
1u21ca062_pradeep_ d : soothing sounds with a wonderful gameplay
nathan adrian castor : it is awesome the they made like a realistic view
reyaz shaikh : awesome animations better than altos odysee.
shawn scroggins : fun game, worth getting the paid version.
eve vanderhule : such a beautiful game. calming and fun.
sanjay kumar : good game flow breaks when guardian show up,... guardian is such a pain...
9940 : this is a very enjoyable and calming little gem.
sea otter : exceptional. phenomenal gaming experience.
koena mokoena : i love this game it reminds me about the beauty of nature
a google user : great graphic and gameplay
tre trey : great game to vibe with. super chill and relaxing.
ali b. : too much ads!
beartooth : beautiful, simple, relaxing.
mary jane dacumos : nice quality game and fun but stressful
a google user : wonderful game wid nice sound track...!!
alexis aguirre vazquez : this game feels boring and repetitive.
bheka mazeka : the song that plays here is very calming nice choice
a google user : great music and visual
syafi isyraf : best game ever since i was 9 years old hope you well in this time of condition sincerely well
abbazz mohammed : v nice game i love the music n this amazing graphic rlly glad to know that game
vault veteran : too many ads.
anita kumari : this is a platformers game. this game is realistic. this is a skateboarding game.
hussain imthiaz hussain : aesthetic gameplay and very relaxing
arbaz farooqui : coins cost too much in game to acquire
a google user : its relly fun i frest played it at a phone store on demo
aditya gawas gawas : this game good but graphic s need more good
umesh patil : i love this game because this game is very entertainment & fun...
wisteria : best game ever because the graphics just keeps me clam
adith shaji : the game is very nice . but its not have multiplayer
kristen fournier : i think this is the best game i have but i think you need to add something like an avalanche or something like that please do this
mashrafe hamim : very enjoyable game....it helps to relax my mind
a google user : i really like the animation!
tiffany wilkinson : love the game you made. five stars 10/10 would play again.
achutam jha : better than the other arcade games
nilaksh shirodkar : gets boring after few days of playtime..
vinay pratap singh rajawat : it's best time pass game . the game is suerb nice gameplay
rajveer singh : absolutely nice game and totally relaxes the mind
kamini kumari jha : it's a cool game and i would spend more of the time playing this
greg qu : it was fun, but got boring after a while
prince parida : most relaxing and satisfying game i have ever played......
krystal : this game is very calm and i like that about the game.its relaxing too and its a good game
ponnusamy cps : this game is perfect but sometimes it stucks.....!!
memes potato : fun but take a lot of phone battery
md boy : amazing game its my first time download it but i enjoyed it a lot i love it guys tey to download it
samuel mercy : it's great ,calming nd removes stress
kimberly oswald : best game never gets old just try it you'll not lose anything
sky king : cool and relaxing game.....i completed all 180quests and finished the game tho
a google user : it is fun but new maps would be good
earth : good gameplay and graphics
warrio cats2947 : i like because of sound and gameplay of this beautific picec of game
merlin : recommended! willphilgames recommended and played this game and i love it!!! thanks so much
geetha thamizhselvan : very interesting but little bit to pass but very gooood
sreekumar b.s : it is a best relaxing game in mobile
fosts : beautiful, calm and relaxing <3
kangaroo_on_steroids_12x : this game is the most peaceful game i've ever played it's amazing like it makes my days better then their are
nonso chinyelu : truly a relaxing experience. best game yet.
joanniejellian wenceslao : i download this app erlier but it dint work.. i download it now so ...miby it wil workk
sam rebecca : awesome game!! you should download it i can give it 200000000 stars if possible
varun5656 creations : awesome the sounds are perfectly made
carolanne : this gameee is so realxingggg. it was hard, but i made it through perfectly fine:)
rajasohan alam : nice graphics, cool gameplay
ravikant gawas : nice game but can you please make a new game will many worlds....
jack sparrow : mannn the game is sooo danmmm good ..... the lightning and all sound efects just out of this world....... nice calm feeling whenever i play this game ........... i am giving just 5 starssss b-)
selvakumar rajamanickam : its charming,good music theme
mohammed sarvar : the game play and the music is so enchanting.
a google user : it is relaxing and is fun when you have nothing to do.
ahmad iftikhar : very addictive game to kill time
virendra kushwaha : it graphics are best in the world
vikram singh rathore : too much ads
nochi : great physics and smooth gameplay
oisin haley : fun , calming and beautiful
orlando lana : such a cool game, gotta give credit for the developer.
adam stange : alto's odyssey is 100 times better!
gulshan dilbahr : this boy gets back up more times than i fall.
qaimali baloch : calming and super challenging game, peaceful game play
jesutomi oni : its dope and the music is relaxing
gabriel khan 4.b : i love this game zen mode is what makes this a masterpiece
small youtuber : made me rage a little in the zen mode you developers need to remove the rock
cameron lehman : great game. just got it. show me some footage somebody.
fbi : relaxing but gets boring after a while
anurag gayon : good but many times directly add plz resolution yes no bad good ..nice excellent
saif ali : i not interested to give single star because it is to dificult to complit the misions
aryan a : love this game... it's the best game to pass time.
truan donner : havn't tried yet but think its bouta be awsome. i ski/snowboard irl so this is my sort of thing.
amit korgounkar : nice minimal play games ..... nice for time pass...
kams kamaraj : ita a no 1 addictive game...i played it for 5 hours when i was on board to usa
thanc khan : totally enjoyed... with pleasant background music
a google user : it's a very adventurous and very different game
asma shoaib : great nostalgic game would definitely reccomend!!
david radysyuk : very soothing and relaxing
anne skinner : pretty sweet but limited use.
elise marie : this is an awesome game, and the music is great
4a muhammad fadzil : a very relaxing, peaceful game
zennoakuzra 778 : addictive and an absolute joy to play
nj lucky : deasent graphics nice sound
sumit chakma : pleasant music always use headphones
hemanathan s : awesome game to burst stress.
dr. anit choudhary : one of the best time passing games
a google user : this game is relaxing and it made me want to go to sleep calm and calm
altair : this game is good but full of bugs.
a google user : i love this game,amazing background. love it love it love it
luke weismann : great game if your out camping offline game
a google user : its a calm and relaxing game and that's why i love it
ilija petrovic : this game is the best. very zen and fun to play
xxdead_wrldxx : it is very peacefull and smoth very very gun must try
jahmirbonslee : its relaxing and really cool.
mustafa omer : good game animation under rated
anik saha : best of offline games.
sukshit shetty : too many ads.
evan watkins : it good distracting and calm
deepak yati : awesome music, just peace, me with the nature
l ghalehtaki : its graet but alto and ... is so small
sambhu panth : if you have a lot of ads just turn your wifi off
jeremy suryasaputra : i love this game. whenever i feel stressed, i play this game and i feel calm.
jeremy domingos : words can't describe how awesome and relaxing this game is
a google user : it is so fun and the music is beautiful
sergey shepelev : fine. but weird physics flips me out.
balaji yadav : feel good and it's a kind of relaxation
huria zia khan : i'm in love with this insane game the beauty of nature in this game will always arouse my feelings strongly i rate this game 5 out of 5 god bless the person who made this amazing game
sanele ncongwane : it's a really fun game no matter what age... you should try it out
himanshu : nice, beautiful, soulful, peaceful, adventures, classsical with next level dimesiya......
sudhanshu mishra : one of the best editor choice game so i giving it 5 stats
andrew compton : so relaxing to play after a long day commuting helps me sleep
aaron : it's a pretty good game very relaxing to play but it's not my cup of tea
bsr : this game as more ads than game
lekshmi priya : awesome, definitely worth 5 star. thank you so much for this game.
ahsa n : i played lot of times the graphics awesome
dagemawe assefa : cool game. but it heats my phone and i can't press my screen on my phone
darkred editz : this is awesome just awesome in this game you can feel positivness
rufus savio sumanth : it's very smooth and calm very peaceful
diego vila : really chill game. if this came out back when temple run came out it would be a hit
kailash gupta : outstanding game buts new update versions are more outstanding
jugad josan : satisfying game..good graphics
ashish singh : play offline to avoid ads.
kavya junnarkar : boring game ...same background picture no variety
code bit cookie : super fun game played it for a long time
yolanda linga : so good graphics.
kristina madden : why ads tho this would be a 7 star if u did not have ads
ashish godara : one of the best offline game i have ever played.... .. .. .. .. ..
pauliasi junior : very smooth playable game. i like it
tutan mondal : very smoothly. and stay s home stay safe
a google user : this is a great game and so is alto odyssey reccomend it
perks : its probably of the best relaxing games i've ever tried
b x dream : i just love it but it's paid game most of the players are paid
a google user : so peaceful it's very peaceful and i can't wait for a third one
shubham roy : most beautiful game and background music is awesome
a google user : easy to use and nice game
bijoyalaxmi badaseth : i like this game ......it is so beautiful .... so, please try to play .... this game.. please
joey idontnoyu : this is an exceptionally good game to play for hours on end
mohamed mizyan : one of the most beautiful and calming games to date
tanisha paul : this game is good game but someone who was pushing me i don't know why ,i rate 4 star instead of 5 star
sridhar : its just not a game its a beautiful trek.
rishi kumar : superb game to play alone and to enjoy the game atmosphere
sunaring lintang timur : i like this game! i like this game because i like the back flips! thx for making this game! best offline game!
ananthu snair : very relaxing and melodious bgm..
uladzimir khadakouski : it helps to fall asleep, thank you!
sachin umax : ads too long.
galaxy gamer : if i could give it infinite stars i would it's my favorite game before going to bed
salah marwa : a very good game to use your time. keep it up!
michael cherevko : great graphics, cool game
zelestial phyre the space metal guru : keep starting over is boring just cos i hit a rock
micah johnson : fun, easy to learn.
hamid hakimi : i love this game and my love for this game is get higher and higher everyday , thanks for creating this beauti game.
jose carlos ruiz : its a relaxing game god controls , very shared
mini murukan : nice. smooth. relaxing . feelgood
jelena zivkovic : i loved the minimalistic style!
soumyadeep dutta : incredible! smooth! relaxing! moodmaker!
apsar shaikh : very very nice game it feels me my olden days time because when i'm small i was playing this game only so today i'm playing this again and feeling very happy
alex de oz : dude, i just want to say that this game is fantastic! i love the calm that it makes me feel...
vassilisfreefire games : this game is pretty good i see no bugs and i like the textures soo 4/5 because i think is a little boring
yogi : best offline adventure game in play store
ameer ali : not letting me jump over rocks idk why but great game otherwise
artax islive : wow, awesome game the most relaxing melody game
reaction with dan : best indie game in corona i never get bored thanks for making it
syed ahsan : great experience soo nice game and that background sound are soo satisfied and i just love this game
sandra nadege : this game made me so peaceful. it's so awesome! great job
david smith : i really love this game a lot its very fun to play its amazing
judge mervin villegas : great game and best graphics
prince : an awesome game which truly refreshes you.
allen kitso : cool game and great graphics
nick carberry : the music and gameplay is phenomenal
fatima saif hayat : it's such an adorable and whimsical game! 10/10
breakyourself : its relaxing and fun. i played this. every day.
a google user : it's a very good game i love it's animations also
a google user : great graphics, amazing game
cashtechy etsv : very calming, i use it to calm down alot
adi : most beautiful offline game ever!!!!
a google user : its so addictive and plsss add multiplayer
tashif khan : listining to music while playing this game = life !!!
kailani salazar : the game is addictive and fun to play.
sayak ghosh : awesome game . but the music is too good
yadukrishnan cr : this is beautiful _excellent creation_ no words to say about the happiness this game gives me .this game.and i reccomend this game for those who loves ti be entertained.
ganesh n : nice game with good grafics
wolfdrix _ : you guys should make a multiplayer with 4. love the game
jason mandel : it's fun . and it's good for when you're bored
el janati adam : lacks optimization for xiaomi mi 8
mayur shinde : 5 stars only for music and graphics
nisanth sathish : good sound graphics
jamie dobson : good game but app keeps crashing
a google user : great graphics. great game
joanne urriza : very pretty and relaxing.
solar wolf plays : why on earth did you think rocks all over was funny. all that did was make me dislike the game.
a google user : game is wonderful, takes my mind of things i'd recommend any one to anyone
resha gurung : it's literally my childhood i love to play this game i literally forgot about this game but now i have it iam so glad i found this game i even forgot this game name it's a fun game so i recommend it
prabu ramamoorthy : i am feel so very happy this game background music amazing i am happy
jarom : extreamly relaxing and very fun!
poongodi d : best game i ever played. thanks to the developer for this wonderful game
kousik poria : we play a relaxing game that make you moody suddenly ad make mood more bad that happened when online you play this game thats shame
jess harrower : it is so freaking awesome and relaxing
jay upadhyay : best graphics and good game
b son : unable to cross the charm
a google user : add illamas in zen mode for capture beautiful photo
bradley saruchera : very fun game. it takes practice to master it
lee a : love this game but stopped working for some reason
asad attily : honestly the most interesting and entertaining game.i ever played
shadow theworldxd : the most coolest game ever i love it i was addicted even the other alto game i rlly enjoy it
anos voldigoad : too relaxing best stress reliever
mohamed eid : i'm mohamed from egypt...and i am unable to write.....i need to thank who made this beautiful game....it fixed my day.....thank you very much
benjamin raka : very neat and simple
gamer husky : cool relaxing fun and addicting game 10/10
minal yusufzai : never experienced this kind of relaxing and enjoyable game
seren dipity : need a very good eye. too fast.
devon jackson : awsome game keep on the good work
nivea sagar : the game is nice as altos odyssey but altos odyssey is more better than this
a google user : this game i s the best game i ever played the graphics are so awesome
a google user : best game i'll probably ever play.... alto's odyssey.... amazing
homa shojaee : about to install it for the 3rd time. well in 3 year duration.
tanmay kumar : loved this game please make it available for tv also
akshay katoch : background music is so pleasant
4501 - ruban medlan p : good game. most likely the music of this game is outstanding
santosh jha : best game i had ever played i gave it a 5 star because of its plesent scenery
ahmed abo aloyoun : sooooo many advertising
a google user : i want that there be different characters in this game with different abilities
vidhula vijayan : the best i have felt playing a casual game. so peaceful
martin morales : super boring and repetitive
anurag mittal : nice ui and gameplay is insane.
lang wenn : simply the best game to relax.
matt wolf : relaxing? whats relaxing about ads thrown in yr face. delete.
upma shreyansh : gazab ka game hai . it is a good game withe good graphics
aroobah bhatti : amazing and the new version is even more awesome
anas mohammad sheikh : this game is amazing and downloan the 2nd part of this game alto's odyssey
a google user : it is amazing it's calming and nice i really enjoyed it
farzad maghsoodlou : good for reducing stress
hemnath krishnamoorthy : sound effects are awesome.
logan voigt : very smooth and fun.
sean bandales : just really great really smooth.
t. yein : lol! game only can do back flip.
a a : after these many years nothing comes close to rivaling this game in my books i love it
a google user : it makes me feel calm i love it. plz make more updates.
ranga prasad : full boaring game . it's my opinion only . but u try first , after that give your review . but i'm surely saying that it's not adventure game .
clann : i paid for this and there is still an ads?
bell kid12 : i had a lot of fun playing this and it was very relaxing to play
prabhav agarwal : nice game it's graphics are good
mihir kalyani : nice adventure game and good for kids
mr spud : it's alright i didn't play it much because it wasn't entertaining
srinivasa murthy : this is good games but i am not sure if you have any questions or need any more
a google user : i loved the graphics it was amazing
ramaiah k : it's time waste it's just subway surfers
saurabh gupta : app suddenly stopped working on my phone
shivam patil : there are small bugs that should be fixed by the developers
nirupesh nag : awesome graphics good gameplay
vaibhavi rai : the music is awesome ; fantastic game
michael thomaz : love it but when i go to buy full version nothing happens
eunna choi : its have a good graphics
all rounder : nice , cool game and mind relaxing game
rajib dhar : this game background music is so much relaxing
jahssel : its a great and relaxing game, i really love it
moira mckell : not very fun. i don't like anything about it, i don't even know if they could make it a 2 star
arindam bala : nah the advertisements ain't it!
daniel santana : great game, its relaxing beyond expectations
vghg vghggyg : this game is awesome.it's not like other games.its different
aman : what is this bug i am not even able to jump
ben h : very relaxing and a great time killer
darpan sayam : my in app purchase didn't get applied,i and i am not getting refund as well
neeraj malav : awesome game nice broo graphics op.
anish p : this game is not even working now it is not even letting jump
a google user : this game is awesome as it has so many fitures and i like to play
shubham padave : why don't u merge both the games its altos adventure and altos odyssey?
opol 556 : best mobile game in history desert part is fire
rj francis : i freaking love this game whenever im depressed or tired i play this its so relaxing i realy love it it gets away my anxiety you guys should play thisssssss
josvani : beautiful game and beautiful graphics
uday aradhya : i'm online gamer, i say this game is 100 time better then pubgm. this game just satisfy your mind and clear your mind anytime any day. prove me wrong if you can
keagan silveira : the game would be better if you added more tricks.
a google user : such a decent game , it is just you and the endless mountain
jonah dixon : yeet so good turn off internet to delite adds
eyoel mulugeta : cool game its graphics and it sound is best for me
manish shakya : love the game, i'd like more magical in the game
aniket dandhare : best graphics game must try
berliana celsyalita : beautiful game ever!! i really love it!
ayushi maurya : lovely and music is so peaceful
a google user : its very good but lags not often
mayur : the background music is so soft abd heart touching. it feels like you are in a fairy world sort of thing
shambhu nath jha : the best game thai i had ever played it maked nic by the development
mdnasir khan : perfect games for timepass
blue monster134 : i love this game's music and gameplay i love it
sutripta goswami : good game. it has awesome hraphics and its senary is very very good......
a google user : it is osome game its graphics beutiful
aakash sourastriya : sounds are very magical this made the game good
a google user : it wasnt that good it was really laggy
vrujesh pulekar : brilliant at graphic
frederick jong : honestly just peaceful, do change the music background/update
areeba shaikh : loving both of the games.
khushi singh : supbb but same time challenging too..good luck
raja santore : i think you should develope something new and atractive in your game or apear some grafics
rizwan arif : one of the best game that i played after a long time...keep up the good work
ananthan a.k : it's just awesome and relaxing
ashutosh kaithela : it is best game and graphics are good
istiak al efti : i know this game from my childhood this was my favourite game ithe graphics it is awesome
diza n. sultana : zene mode with the llamas running along would be great!
jerma t : top 5 mobile game of all time
dazzling deepti : such a soothing game. what a lovely experience!
sourav goswami : was good, but ads now
evan : beautiful game but is repetitive
anamul haque : very good graphics
nandini -_- : i love this because my sister play this at 5 years old so i love this game
santhosh smart : playing this game just for it's soothing music
op bansi : the most adventurous games in the world
a google user : it's game that i can play the whole week with my family and friends....
priti khare : brilliant game. every one should play it
a google user : good, enjoyable and relaxing game.. feel wow to play
mehfooz arts : it's a very good game i haven't played it yet but i have played it when i was kid i love this game.
a google user : nice game, good graphics
vibhu barik : 5 star ratings is not enough to make sure to check in..
da chungus : was pretty nice but more fps needed...
a google user : low mb best offline game ever played really attictive
ahmed albusaidi : absolutely love it, it helps me relax.
henry allan : nice game and concept it very addicted
shlokaa soni : amazing game...play ib with headphones on, before sleep...
arpit akar : lesser control on board in air slower stages promotion and lesser coins and rewards
vineeth kumar : very very super game best back ground music
joe boat : i used to love this game but now it wont let me jump for some reason.
t : ~perfect game for anime luvers~ ~graphics are awesome i luv it~ .
h : best game ever the graphics are amazinggg
tan junxi : really neat classic offline game
jagbeer singh negi : nice game but the lamas leave4 but i see 145 lamas in the game but very nice game aulto is good
msquare : wonderful music and gameplay
sayeda humayra adiba : this is the best relaxing game i ever seen and it so freaking realised _._
ballisticzombie7 : basically journey but as an endless runner
mohamed slimi : beautiful game so calm and relaxing
katie brooks : great for passing time or just to relax
shreyash nallawar : best game for relax timepass.
mohal sharma : poor, the feather is not working.
sino phan : this game is like tots fun lol i sound so stupid but but game is so damn fun
hunter randas : its always laggy and making me die every time so 1 star.
saravanan s : full of bugs. disappointed so much
technotunes : this is a coolest game wow the graphics
himmy rulz : this game reminds me winter of 2018.
mert akdut : i really don't know which part of this game people liked! it's boring as hell.
rana homely : so smooth. love it so much.
james keney : relaxing and challenging
hemant sahu : music of this game is just beautiful
kaleab leyessa : one of the most mesmerising and refreshing games.
afiq haikal : well you know just jumping and backflip make it multiplayer
youtube guy : the best unreal graphics
sai sreeja : i can't understand how this became a good game. the worst game i have ever played..
adithyasai m : eyes are not affected classic adventure game supeb
tejpreet singh : soothing, calming and relaxing....
miguel e. diaz sebastiani : it's a beautifull game, very relaxing
mutugi lewis : % great fantastic game ever appeared to my life... thanks a lot
rakoush_ : it lags and i can't jump
a google user : one of the simple but best games
park : nice game. good graphics
red gunz : very fun i live the art style
miguel de aza : very fun and relaxing game.
mortal rock : nice game...but need to be more hard...
janette morales : it sounds beautiful and calm game in the world
a google user : nice adventure and awesome game ,i loved this game
kabeer ahmed : yeah it's fine but after a while it's just boring
ani terentia : cant download ,always a problem ocures
alec dubois : cannot tell you how calming and fun this is - what a great game
vijay ananthan : too good game. visual and sound effects of envo.
coltz : very good game. when i played it, it gave me a happy feeling
a google user : awessom. after all its an editors choice.
nikola djordjevic : nice game, but has forced adds
nicole dulac : so relaxing, athletically pleasing
lakan music : i love this game, although it won't let me log in to my google games acct
vinod donepati : this is an amazing game i have ever played...i loved it..
broilsyt : it sucks and it glitches i literally am so close and then it glitches on me
jagdish maruya : just download it and take your sledge and complete your challenges
akash gupta : one of my favourite beautiful mobile game which i ever played... i love this game
a google user : background music is sick!
sofja velykaya : the game is cool and all, but those rocks are killing me i swear
gr1m 112 : its a good game solid but it gets repetive
dorina spaja : its the best.whene im borde i play it and i find it so atractive.
hari haran : super high graphics advantages
i'mme imme : genuinely a pretty decent offline game
prakash raj : these 5 stars are only for zen mode
logi : quite fun, but.... not my cup of tea.
aman kumar : the scenes are spectacular....
susanta sahu : very good game to play. all can enjoy this.
john young : huge money grab. game is not even that good.
aishaa almahdy : it is so warm and calm that takes you to another world completely
cj lone wolf uzumaki namakazi : it was a nice chalinging fun game expereance
ben farmer : a great game, as far as mobile goes
joao chama : amazing beautiful epic relaxing free easy
eleanor baker : omg the graphics are 12/10 and its so chill
b satheesh kumar : amazing game because of the great theme
zarul azham mohd zaki : keep crashing. please fix
max p : this game is good for a bit relaxation of mind
yogesh trakru : extremely short runs.
danish sharif : excellent and worth enjoyiny thumbs up to u guys
a google user : the jumping is super hard
draw king : please put this on switch it would be a funner game if you did
a google user : awesome!, way better than amazon appstore.
vijay kumar : it is fantastic...the music is good too
adeyemi david : my best game ever, happy to stumble upon it again.
kobi. h : classic game, i suggest you play it if you haven't.
a google user : amazing never felt so calm when i played the game
echo 3-2 : this is a very good game also very calming. i wish there were more games like this
ace yao : it's soothing and love the atmosphere
abraham dream : no forced ads,
macc drae : this game is amazing lmao what more can i say, i'm addicted to it
ashish nivalekar : one of the best game ever...loved it and still loving it.
sarthak sovan : absolutely love this game and music
dawn gene : there are 2 alto's adventures go get the other 1 too
gabriel lee : this is the best game i love it good job creators
cocaine : perfect game to me but other people would say that this game is bad
vishnu prabhu : the most beautiful game for android.
tapas ranjan barik : best relaxing game. its music is best.
ashis pati : very good game i uninstall it after 5 months
flubadubchub : great game, bery relaxing, amd my sister loves it
clasher gaming : nice game but graphics
wan jaw : best of small size game..wow superb
isaac rodriguez : its so hard to see rock its so hard to jump on it
friskain : minimal control boring game
chess. s : this has got to be the best app i havw ever got in my life ,it is a real life changer
a google user : nice music! relaxing!
a google user : so amazing and funny game. i also like this game
xephos : ads would not close.
dkeagle gaming : best graphics and music
brianna siegrist : i love this this game, the art is so cool
a google user : it's a wonderful game .i am sure that everyone will love playing it.
legal world : very good graphics
nishanth : characters are too small..
muhammad essa : this ge is very peaceful and this game made for mood off when i play this game i feel very happy so my think is this game is very nice and good
vishnu vicky : best graphics calm entertaining game
alzioner : it is fun but alto's odyssey is better imo
m.l baghel : nice bro but some levels is not good.
m a t l o b e l a : cannot double tap to backflip
tom mann : love all the games in this series
ali ghodrat : one of the best and challenging game i've ever played.
palok pallob : nice but sometimes it is lagging.
lily neuer : let's me play one game then can't jump again.
taarak parasher : a wonderful simple joyful game!
kendall brown : this game is relaxing and very amazing.
gunnyboy tj : very good but a little annoying
james harden : a fantastic experience but i like a bit more odyssey
chris steytler : love the music just a great game thanks
nomad ghost : nice and relaxing just how it should be
shivam modirak : i love the music of this game. it's very calm.
a google user : great peace full game after long stress full day
alex gajda : magical game with incredible atmosphere.
yellow : god.. i hate the ads..
dev gulati : must download app, it will force you to shut your phone and study
vinay nalam : the game is good but touch is not working on my phone
sonic boom the hedgehog : nice casual game for the brain.
a google user : beautifully designed, really soothing.
susan warren : peaceful and relaxing.
unknownperson395 : it's a pretty fun game when you have time
marissa fernandez : its a very fun game and i really like to play it.
ton muv : the reason l'm giving this game a one star because it won't allow me to jump over rocks
nana duoduwa : it is such a fun calming game even for chidren
narendera bhargava : best game ever. thanks to the developer
wrick gamex gareena : this game is good for any child.... ###outstanding graficsplease download this game and enjoy it.... ##$
reena kumari : this is a very good game .i loved it so much and recommend it to everyone one
ahsan ramzan : it's very interesting game. i liked so much. thanks!!!!!!!!
luceliok : i remember a few years ago i ended up getting grounded because i played this game all night
noreen farooq : nice game. i really have spend a lot of time on it
bacon8tor : this is a great game the music is cool
mike zickefoose : wow what a dumbass game graphics sucks game sucks and the ppl who give it more than 1 star suck too.....get my point?
shivam sinha : i love this game, relaxing and chill music
john taylor : great game that gives me such a challenge!
against allodds : played this game for years more then just a game classic
christon thomson : good game nice music and adventure
king peanut : very fun and relaxing
diana : amazing game! wish they're where more out there like this! :)
germain leger : the game is so relaxing and calming
jullan kunan : please title of the background piano music it's so wonderful, calming music i want to play it on my piano please....please
mitch goulet : addictive and great visuals
mehdi zeinali : funy and cute game nice music and good game play when gaming this game u relax its game have + energy and give me it
ayaan khan : simple and fun
sandesh yakthumba : this is the best game i had ever played offline thankyou for this game
mr. player : game is grate but same times its get board
matryoshka : looks beautiful and dramatic
-hybrid - : i have never experienced such rude customer service before! even when i complained to their manager he responded by sending me a gif. what company does that??
nah : amazing game keep up the good work
harshil patel : not one of the, but the best game i've ever played on a mobile device.
potato : i loved this game i remebered when it first came out on tablet i would play it all day
a google user : the game is just awsom..i want to tell the maker of this game is ,u r my hero
safi : breathtaking and scenic
a google user : mowesome! ma mages motally mowesome! my move mit!
kawser fear : nice and scnenary with music makes u emotional
a google user : very relaxing after a hard day
angelo september : awesome i love the game please download it you won't be disappointed
a google user : it's so relaxing and addictive i love it
umaru azeez : the best game to play in your free time!
gilbert msipha : its a fun game definitly worth tryin nb~ u might get addicted
nikhil gugale : i love that game, good graphics best game ever
wireycoyote : tutorial is lame. didnt even make it past that.
lokesh singh anchal : great game. u can play any time.
nicolas inapart : very fun and relaxing
jatinder singh : the best game ever with best graphics
noname : i like how much you put into the artwork of the game.
gr nv : excellent game and very inspiring
rahul singh : its a great with very loving music
irum haroon : there is nothing wrong with this game!!!!!! i love it.
kimberlee prather : absolutely gorgeous and addictive!
gelo ortega : super good graphics
daniel brooks : tis a fun game. one does have enjoyment upon the use of this game.
stephanie smith : it's a great way to keep entertained.
dhruv singhal : best game so much hard work done
sourav mahato : the music in zen mode is everything
devesh tiwari : i playde it some months ago and its very nice and relaxing
nova chilz : easy and so much fun
minhajur rahman munna : this game is very good.. a great game for wasting time...
sparsh mehta : my touch doesn't work when ever i open this game
lloyd takunda mushore : this is game is not that bad but i think it would be a good idea to have a great game
sristy moni : calming game. zen mode is extravagantly great!
maikeru dabittsu : runs much smoother than the odyssey
dhawal sharma : calm nd soothing... try zen mode with headphones
yash tanwani personalg : really awesome game relaxing as well as enjoying believe me
toast : lovectge game but please remove the rain in the mountains
chris jones : just wanted a fun game and this is the best one i seen
hari 19l_249 : nice game to play in a free time
sai charan kotaprolu : very calming and a new experience of gaming
indomitable 77 : perfect relaxation game.
lincoln hall : this is a great game it is very fun and satisfying
bulumko mdeyide : this game is one of my favorite games i love the background and everything about it
king mohamed mohamed : its very fun and a relaxing game
rameshwar dass : it is good game nyc mind resting music nd that that night rain itssss awesome awesome game nyc work guys
naru : calming and helpful when i need to relax
suryakant subudhi : soothing game! i feel like in another world, when i play this game.
ujjawal sharma : a very soothing running game.
chrissi : this game is beautiful in every way a mobile game can possibly be
sunethra hewagamage : loved it smooth music
dominic baker : it's not a perfect game but it's good for kids
zeba hassan : no words.. best runner game present on this planet...must play
a google user : this is a nice game to play and the person who made it..........epic on fire
raisa rifat : this game is really awesome!! its cool & crazy..love it
blos : not my type of game, but too beautiful.
zachariah : this game is amazing and it's kinda relax cooling me down
quentin hill : is there a end to the moutain......i hope not love the game want more like but mabey with story idk love the game
shailesh singh : thanks to developer for this game love both altos game waiting for new updates well done developers may this game cross billion downloads
a google user : wow i love this game,pretty cool and easy to play
sanjeevulu redmi5s : what a music and game is beautiful
rahul shing : i love it because it's music is spiritual
zach aiken : it is such a time killer, i love it.
washu gaming : it is too good i really like this game who like this game if you like it than like if you love it than comment
a google user : great sound effects very nice
shockatic da goat : fun to play and nostalgic
n-s- a : its so calming and relaxing
rick samael : the game keeps stopping
hany ahmed : the adds became soooooo much plz don't force me to uninstall my fivoret game ever
mohammed shafeer : the is a good game nice i love it the is a awesome game download no rate this at 5 star
abhinav dhiman : this game is good graphics
cisco cordero : very challenging, i love it
anonymous anonymous : i love this game it pasted my expectations i think they should make more alto games
arpita : i play it for passing my time and i am glad i downloaded it
lexus wilson : kinda gets boring after a while
ashit ranjan : idiotic game.same level repeat again and again
nikhil raj : nice game and toning is nice happy day
blushy da best : amazing!! very addictive.
pranab kalita : very good game, i uninstalled coz i install alto's odyssey,
randy brown : smooth and peaceful
aiden m : it's fun, it's relaxing, 100% reccomend
eric williams : now with ads!
ali d.a : so amazing and full of relaxation .
rafid rs : dont wast your time, its realy a time killing game ,,,, please dont download it.
shaninayyy m : so love it. never gonna uninstall this app!
vishal murugan : authentic game, brings peace instead of restlessness
vinayaka rao : this is very good i love it i need like this game claps for this game. ;)
frank chikadza : better graphics than gta 5.
nusrath begum : very bad game it put virus in my phone and charged me money don't install it
deepha p : i love it so awesome game , i really enjoy the game so much i recommend everyone to install this game
jejjeheh bbshehhehe : most beautiful and positive app to have.
harsh waghulkar : it's my fav game i am loving it and good music of background
paritosh kr : very good game not getting bored with it .. loved it
rahul gorai : i want's to give more 10 star, i love this game too much
veer bhrat : love it alot inspire by tune
akif khan : its mind relaxing game i love to play it
123 youloselol : i've played this game a while back and now i found it again i'm gonna play for memories
lina jibril : oh my god... it is absolutely fantastic trust me once you try it u are going love it
vipul bhatt : as i play this game i feel peace and calm. try it to see.
esmail hassan : when i was download this game i know then it is a most relaxing casual game in google play store i love this game & i give it 5star rating
pandharinath pawar : very nice game for free players.
a google user : if the game has mutiplayer option then its become very nice game
kool gamer : it is good but it's graphic is not so good first game is really good but this is not very good but is good
vishnupriya s : one of the best relaxing games i have ever played
peter nagy : great music, great artstyle overall a great game
a google user : i was awesome game and graphics are god enough
internet person - : remove rocks from zen more thats all
naqib zaib : night version is not good please remove it
terrific gaming : just relaxing and amazing
doctor who : one of the best games on the play store!
coolerj17 : this game is truly beautiful. this all i have to say
mohd hamdani : this game is good, not gonna lie, gotta try this at least once
sofian zlitni : great game 10/10 must try!!!
jack hayman : such a good game recommend to anyone looking for a lie back and chill game
christian lee aragon : very fun and relaxing
pawan kumar : best game ever played it will relax ur brain
gio t : boring not much to do kind of relaxing though i'll give it that
autonetics inc : altime adventure from alto is my favorite since a decade
tang solaris : great game to play offline
luigi is mario's brother. : bug when i pick up blue thing
nilesh tiwari : this game is really nice and whenever i play it makes me very angry
asiya shabbir : bootifulllll ..... best for time passss..... and its an wonderful game.....
ari jeon : its a very good game . helping me focus on one thing.
a google user : good game good graphics
pankaj bansal 155 : most boring game if u r searching for a game ,this isn't one...
maria : the most beautiful and relaxing game
eden delany-rahman : a really nice relaxing game to play
zayar htet : good graphics and i like this
ijele : when of the best games i have played in my 20years of life
venmar lugo : good game please make some more altos adventure.
sherry rose : so cool and very relaxing omg! i love it
jyoti masih : very good game .especially its endless run
margareta : my favorite game...i simply love it.
surender kumar : awsm i am playing it since 3 years ago very relaxing music
kul aadi aadi : this game is very interesting its hills are very long i like this game
manas : best for relaxing time pass
helvacy gaming : really fun and relaxing
nirmal super : i like this game but reason for 2 ratings this game some time very boring please update this game good
shafayet tuhin : the music of this game is so peaceful.
disha singh : this game is so peaceful and calming.
gega tsanava : amazing this game made my childhood me and my dad used to play this for hours
luke yanovitch : it's relaxing and calming
tutun thakur : this game is very very adventurous i like it and love it
shyamal malakar : i like this version's background more than part 2
jeff antwi : this game is beautiful.a big thanks to the creators
maurice ouma : it's awesome lol but pls remove bad adds like people kissing plans my child was what is this thank you
a google user : good game but make controls better than this
a google user : good but controls are not good
wajid ali : great game and impressive gameplay.
a google user : it is awesome i showed to my friends and they liked it
blackstar cartoonz : i like this game. i'm damn sure every gamer will like this
tihani jamaludin : forever my fav game. especially the music
ali bakhtiary : best relaxing game waiting for update
gaming dude : really nice game its grafics is owsom
moses osei : very nice i really enjoy playing this game keep it up
a google user : best game to consume free time
cartier vamp : natural beauty animation
praisedoris daniels : i only played the game on my brother's friend's phone and i am downloading the app right now
ilulu : i had a great time playing this game, i recommend it for everyone
xwd reaper : when imgot this app i felt happy because it is a game about pease and relaxing
troy trojan : has a great skill and character...
lalith kumar : the music is so relaxing
gifty sogah : i love it so much i can't stop playing it
captainfox stream : this is a beautiful beautiful game
mohammad zaid : very nice game. it helps me to get to bed when i don't want to.
nathaniel jude george : i have to rally tell that the most peaceful game i have ever had 10000000/10
a google user : great game! it's fun and relaxing
abdul al mohit : i am just surprised... damn music though.. love it
mooner man : realxing i play it and it gets rid of my stress
marshall gaming tv : amazing game and its quite relaxing
noah hansen : this game is one of the best games i could ever play it's so fun
arjomanara dinar : good game.graphics are really goos
juri bhuyan : game is too satisfying but nothing exciting
ana stojanovska : really fun to play,even for my dauther
rob vinden : 5 star because of zen mode
chaudhary soham : it is easy to learn, but hard to master
sangam eshwar : very good and mind relaxing game......
a google user : amazing game i have seen it in my sister's mobile
world of aviattion and more : makes me relax all the time when i play this.
mingyaola zimiknao : i like the bgm its comforting well i likw everything about this game :)
astrid : the app contains approx 18 tracking apps. checkout exodus privacy installed via f-droid to find out more
torus homeomorphic 3 manifold : a perfect game to play on those phone stores while ur parents are getting a phone data plan
velostix : gg (great graphics/good game)
faizan saeed : weird game .i mean you just have to catch the llamas and just that and that. whats the point???
praneeth patel : very good game i don't get bored when i play the game and i enjoy and love the game very good game
hari chalawadi : good game to spend time mood maker
shadow : it's a nice calm game it's fun i love it so much
azeez rahman : this is the best game for ever good nice songs
sathiroliy felix : it's a nice game. it's sounds good ... i love it....
rahul rahul : this app is great for short term fun
jim delaney : i absolutly loved this game. definitly recommend this brilliant game
nis 3r : great game way to many adds!
yogesh kumar : i feel like in nature such a wonderful game please create more games like this
ed annatone : currently broken. can't use app at all.
fatima palabon : very calm and soothing
21 villa, marc laurence : i like the relaxing mood of the game
jewel dhanesh : i'm like a pro at it thanks for this game!!!!! rating is over 9000!!!!! giving it 10/10
spike bergmans : it's relaxing and addicting
aniket kamble : op game and good grafics...
dylan .t : great fun and very relaxing
ian mlolwa : a very good game. keeps you calmed,
karissa wynen : it is so relaxing and fun.
cole neilson : i love this game it's so relaxing and fun
just gaming0957 : ive had this game for two years and its amazing
nitin sharma : best for mind relaxation awesome loved it ...
joshua israel : nice game and easy to use
pop kop : really fun and addicting
ali dahoum : it needs players but its' still cool
akmal123 akmal123 : this game blind me.i can't see any rocks at night time
a google user : pleasant game no need of bothering for goals
fahim muntasir nahid : best sound game....l love it....
aseel sahmoud : i've been playing it for 3 years and it only gets better , i love it
harsh chodhary : it's great game very relaxing and enjoying
yogendra hawk : goals are a bit tough.
alex : adore this game, so calming and peaceful
mad desire : its awsome and mind relaxing
iulia aura dobrota : alto is a basic game but fun
bharti bharti : very good and relaxing game (give it a try)
shreerup ghosh : whenever you feel stressed and let down , you know where to come to
mj's infinity : well thought out and executed game play. soothing experience .
pradeep : best game with less addiction
animal freeride : micro transaction thievery. i don't install anything which robs users as a matter of principle.
aidan kapr : freakin awesome and so calm and peaceful !!!
sadgod : relaxing and yet amazing
parvez pro : thank u developer for this creative game! appreciate your work!
rocco clark : normally i dont do this but i had fun playing this :-)
aryaman gohel : this game is good because you never get bored of it
arifa uvais : it's very cool and fun so it is good game for tme passing
lolli sibi : mind blowing music, full of nature i llove it
osiris 10 : while u take weed, playing this game awesome
your god edge lord : i had a meth addiction before playing this and because of this game it's gone
linda zondi : simple and amazing game.really addictive hey
nar singh : nice game interstingfor small kids
icecold1776 : awesome game, have fun memories of playing
yaisj moesliman : this game is amazing honestly one of the funest games ive played in a while
drezz : i gotta say, this game is pretty relaxing! love it!
shakthivel gs : it's really relaxing, please give it a try
beau coulter : good but very repetitive.
miss fuyumi : its so flipping calm! people should download and play this!
mia bourbon : one of my favorite games, mobile or otherwise
ahmed sanad : it's incredible and i had great memories with it
a google user : best grafic awesome music
kulwinder singh : i love to play this game. this is very good game....i love this game
wner gir : i really love this game its very stress reliefing
r domins : amazing game i'm playing it right now and a i get calm down after i play it
asish behera : simple but really nice game
tyler wilson : i love playing its so awesome and addictive
january gaming : i like the sound of this game it's perfect
flash light : it's the best offline game and i like this game i love this game ...
ahmed akram : amazing piece of art
ff gamer : good game but slow downloading plzz downloading fast
liz : lovely experience a great way to use your time
mix with a man : this is the game that i'll never delete, it's forever
sourav kumar : best mind relaxing game.
magdalena georgieva : amazing cool and relaxing
daniel troko : one of the best games i've ever seen for mobile.
zachary stephens : fun soothing games not paying for nothing though
hilda ann visser : great game also very time consuming
lai khan : i like this graphics made with this graphic
john batty : very good platformer
vishal sharma : almost time spending game
erlric lamis : good game but my phone is getting hot even i played a few minutes
teja teja : this game is not working only repetead
jaden swint : its good i play it for a day it is a good time killer
ellie cox : i really love this game, it is nice and relaxing.
amogus bigchungus : so much fun and looks beatiful
srdjan durmanovic : pay to have fun. was better before. dissapointed.
a google user : love the game. hate the tutorial
temple iyeke : this game is so beautiful and fun i really recommend
shivam kumar : you can't resume your game after using any other app
nooby-kun : very good and relaxing game.
pandesal plays : deez nuts aint boring this is the best to olay with when you are bored
ghost of ghazi : it is an anti stress game which i love the most
a google user : so much fun when i play this game. i feel it
smokey tweeds : i tryed downloading this game but it says it cant be downloaded
l i f e - s u c k s : i really like this game, it passes the time
wrld 999 : this game is f**king awesome . can't compare i really really like it
shawn grube : amazingly entertaining and fun
gregory johnson : this is the game i grew up on. good to come back to it.
umesh sharma : how to save clicked photos in the game thanks .
a google user : it was in the show manifest, but it jumps late
vikas pradhan : i love this game nice very very interesting and beutifull and amazing
thuan quoc : this is a really good game, and that's all i can say.
madison campbell : super fun and relaxing
veevle bob : it is calm and soothing.
jerzys animations : it's fun and i love the art
mylo hill : so smooth and fun
uro trigger : taken away characters i unlocked now you need to pay for them???
a google user : i love it. it's so artistic and beautiful
a google user : it like hill racing but different
kwazi phakathi : cool game but no cool tricks
inderjit hammy : nice eys pleasing good smooth way to kill time
ashok mohan : awesome game while using headset
asim mujkic : great music and ambience
mataniu manumalealii : i love it this game is the best ice skating game ever
iyse : "how much beauty do you want the game to hav-" "yes"
nayantheerth akhil : very great game, very simple
moina ahmed : the zen mode is really calming
susan kelly : extremely fun and addictive
hrishikesh : best game. played played it since 2017
gyr gaming : this game experience our recent days that we were gone to the mountains
caszel brent : you mean 2016? anyway very good game like it! you should try it
omkar ghodke : relaxing and fun at the same time
juliet ramesar : the music is nice and i like felipe
aileen roberts : fire catcher edge don't touch anything new 3d grapics! collect them all!
slim shady : amazing game... full of piece..
ashish thakur : i love the graphics in this game
pavan prince : good game. when mood is not write..
aba oye nimoh-brema : this is my favourite game and it cheers me up all the time!
jordan : best mobile game in my opinion very satisfying
ep : fun if you dont have anything else to do
pete cheacker : exceptionaly ecquisite!... stunningly beautifull.....
muhammad faizal : pls add double tap to long jumb option on big pit
riya prasanna : its good but gets repetitive
kingheart oo : the game is super cool and relaxing
utkarsh mall : this is very nice game and it is so much relaxing
art aguilar : the wings are very smart to put in the game
homer slated : this game is like jenova chen's accountant made granny smith with microtransactions.
ankush kumar : it's awesome experience i play this game in free time
sammyboi : its a tapping ride through the mountains
dawn : one of the best games i've ever played!! just love everything
xavier kaye : its so calming its just a great game.
michele rogers : make it fun and easy
a google user : some much fun and a beutiful game
mario gencarelli : beautiful game. very relaxing
a google user : i want more locations and something extraordinary
tom wilson : this game helps me relax. thank you dev!
a google user : this game isn't working on the new s10+
kabelo mpulapula : good game,i am not regretting downloading it
dami olasoji : ever want to feel peaceful well thus game does just that
dalia melodee : i used to play this game on the phones in the stores and now i've found it
thetimooffir : this game gave me the expierence i didn't expect to have. thank you
damian holmes : full of adverts.
gopi ravi : awesome game... with awesome music play.....
chukwuma godwin : i just love the graphics of the game
zsuzsa arendas : very nicely designed!
ralf trepsenishti : very relaxing game and chill game i love it so...5 stars !
jk sharma : nice i cant say anithing about it just amazing
mary gray : best game ever i play this game soo much i just love soo much.
mr. imperfect : totally insane relaxing game i love it!!!?!?!
vignesh devadiga : mind blowing game........... it's just owesome..........
a google user : incredible, it's awesome and pretty cool
smarty boy ashutosh : it is very good game for all the kids i love this game
matthew mitchell : good game, also try out the sequel
kalyan krishna : really the game was so good and relaxing
sanjay kashyap : nice game but some upgradetion need
yash patil : omg i am on the last character i like this game very much!!
deepak singh 11a bio : this is dulllu game i dont like this game because it take internet connection
sheleah green : it's fun with a little bit of hard
matt tvk : cool game but just this one the other alto games are
dosney pixear : very nice game great game play very beautiful good job
kelden tshering : its magical. just everything. keep it on goin...n developin...^_^
jay d. : this game is already great and i'm only a minute into it
chris russell : such a beautiful game!! i love it!
riley : the zen mode was ok though
shabana afroz molla : very relaxing soothing game...
sputnik skull : stupid and boring. gameplay is horrendous.
finesse hakim : like what is this i downloaded this game two times why does it keep saying install again
tronik ss : amazing game beautiful and relaxing
a google user : it's relaxing and very nice game .i liked it
barath kumar senthil kumar : nice application for relaxation
nicholas roberts : game crashes on launch
a google user : this is a good game for those who love to go on adventure
l : good but it needs improvement
ben lobley : love this game really good to chill at night with and relax before bed
morris mansour : whats with the forced screen hijacking adds?
snuk out : very calm graphics bt editing
aryan : absolutely amazing.so chill and beautiful.
anjing kurap : vely vely good ma. i found it interesting and so calm. now im in heaven and i can die in peace
parbati de : one of my loving games.just awesome. beautiful game
achraf : woow this is amazing gamegreat graphic
dead yt : this is a really good gamme i loved it this is my favorite game
novice entity : good game the producer should develope more games
ashutosh singh : this game helps to relax my mind ...
packets and jars project : bery good love it so cool i love the graphics too so col dude download this even your even a starter
white woof : so hard for me, but overall is good.
denis tonev : the most amazing game on the app store
henlogamers1 henlogamers2 : very fun game and i really recommend playing this
shelley siwik : amazing, i really have nothing to complain about!
josh beckwith : i'm 50 50 on this. it's a complete rip off of ski safari.
ganga samarawickrama : i love the graphics.
ziggy goon : it's cool playing music over it is fire
august flame : very calm and peaceful
_charic_ : great game play it all the time
a google user : it's a chill game i recommend it to people that have stress my opinion
marcin kotwicki : in my opinion it really is the best game on mobile
zia crane : very nice and relaxing and pretty
mp op : best game experienced!!!but not better than rayman .... nice game....
suchet singh : this is very cool and interesting game i love this game
daiwik sujith : this game is so relaxing i will give this game 10/10
ifeoma onwunaje : amazing. fun. that's all i have to say
kake kaker : play this when you're having a hard time sleeping it hits different man
siva parthasarathy : super graphics game
18th technology : the best and the most peaceful game i have ever played .
james crunden : simple and fun
sanjay bhoi : very nice game and i playing amazing like speed game
idonthveaname : great game ive played this many times and enjoyed it a lot
wezi natan kaonga : stresss free and relaxing game
charlene kistasami : this game is so relaxing, it gives of such a good vibe.
john dayalan : everything is so good in this game,totally love it!
ardhy r fauzan : good game with a good sound
chinnu binu : the best game i ever played i have no complanits regarding this game
asive nevi : i love it but theres no diffrent stages
yogita fultambkar : amazing game. omg even the graphics!!omg good game
aurora wheeler : so relaxing!! i absolutely love this game!!
mostafa ibrahim : it is the best game for relaxing.
abhishek verma : nice game 2 be played ..in free time
pixelpixel : great app but it has only one map
putera hazim : dude this is my offline game life literally when u play offline no ads and smooth like butter
ebin abraham : good game with background music
anuj rukhar bunny : really stress relieving game
eljs : very fun and very relaxing
09.pardha saradhi : coollll game with a mind setting music
defaultenz : it's very calming and addictive and no i'm not a robot
habibullah saab : nice game it is a best but mission is a best
ahmed walker : grafics are so satisfying
hassan official : goood story line
hloni modipa : i haven't played it yet but i will and it seems amazing sooooooo i'll let you know what i think when i do byeeeeeee
qwert lamn : fantaaaaastic and very relaxing game
muhammad : i dont play games on my mobile but this game is the only game i downloaded and didn't regret
abhishek ghosh : i love the grapics of the game . i am loving it
the trend : nice game,really is good adventure game
albawind mactavish-blair : it wont stay opened on my tablet. not sure why
rene salazar : if this was any kind of chungus, it would be big
no limits : nice game...i'm loved it nice music...
zarmani oo : i love it,i play every day.
ak : love both of the alto games.
ivan hristov : journey (the game) like experience. well done :)
champs gayorgor : i rlly love this game this is why i give it 5 star
kill3r33 y : so relaxing and fun to play
tandin tshering : cool game with good mind controler
harish fulara : nice game for being time pass
maria ibanez : nothing i can say its perfect keep it up
a google user : beautiful game ... my little bro fel in love with it
madddie delaney : love it so much, would definitely recommend.
dw : loving this! (p/s: install alto's odyssey too !)
manjuman manju : it is a great game amazing world
hamza crack ff : master piece i played it when i was young now kids play roblox and stuff...
dr.ofxo08 : it's is a nice adventure game
akheel 321 : this is nice game i love so much
justinn mahii : love this afdd more musics plzz
clifford cabalquinto : this game is so much nice
k hari prasath : good adventurous game i love it
flower warda : amazing game. it's great. i recommend.
sudhanshu : awesome gamee n music is excellent
darshan patil : just because i was introduced to a new word.."quaint" i am going to use this one
harish 77 : relaxing background and a very good game
dinesh kumar : game was awsome, and mind relaxing
madhavan srajan gupta : its amazing. that's all i have to say. worth a try
nandhini s : super please add multi player modes
candice deloach : this game is really fun you should download it download it right now
vaishali kamble : very high quality very nice game
mp4 -faz3 : too many adds bruh but the game is fine tho
muhammed safvan : best game best graphics
ian terry : great game play and very relaxing!
martina omambac : this game is so so beatifull because the game is so very use full for me
mangal thorve : best soothing game ever what a mood freshner....
cp thapliyal : this game is very good for goodyour timing
lessandra mistoso : it's so smooth. i like it.
mrmanisme channel : was so fun and relaxing
siva anbazhagan : absolutely superb game. trust me try it.
linas budreika : perfect when you want to relax
heber taclob : this offline game is so good
ethan : very fun, relaxing
benjun manliguez : the game was so good and challenging.
komal sahu : this game is nice but i like alto's oddessy better.
janus : nice but boring after a while
nifty killer : this very peace game and very cool maaan
a google user : i like this game i can play in free time
emmanuel darkwah : i like the game very much so i will give it 5 stars
sanjai srivastav : this is fantastic game please try this game one more time
a google user : a nice game with cool graphics and story
nani dude : its so lag! buggy my phone is qnet
mona kotia : nice game but in second version more updates are there
matthew kiprenko : an amazing game that i don't get tired of
kakashi hatake : i am played this game ever since it came out and i still love it to day
aly ali : the best just relax and enjoy
afreen apulu : rocks are disturbing while playing game
veronika welch : so peaceful and entertaining
amile bikwana : this is a nice game
muhammad salman : i like this game bcz it is very relaxing
playday89 : fun game to play in your spare time.
pankaj sharma : great music and game play
donovan price : fun and relaxing game.
arby : best game with a beautiful peaceful sound . in love
harsh dhumal : its too relaxing... i love the game
a google user : this game is amazing and i love it this. game
darkops : why did i even installed this i can't even jump.
a google user : very beautiful game for everyone
zikra farheen : best offline game ever played
a google user : this game is perfect for good souls
a google user : i love this game because this game is amazing you must play this game
olivia : it was ok it wasn't the best game out there but it wasn't exactly bad.
leila dashaeva : it brings me a great nostalgia.
achwastaken : best game ever created by noodlecake.
angelo baker : the app is grait just so easy which makes it bad so dont get
zero two plays : yo i remeber this buying my a30 samsung wow
a google user : i thing u should be add some new events ....it is good game
hicham abrid : good game for smoking weed and chill
mugesh : very exciting and addictive game i love this game
muffinn : this is a nice offline game......:-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
r ashwin : good stress relief game i love it
dean peralta : it is a fun food game thats all to say
sina eshraghi : i like the game very relaxing
gurmeet kaur : i love this game . my mind gets relaxed
sogol mohammadi : such beautiful game and i really suggest it
iliasse youssef : noting to say about this game its very nice and good gg
parmar sonu : good he was a temporary password is the best of luck to you and your family and friends and family and friends and family and friends and i have to do with this one and only takes to do the best way is the first time i was wondering what y la la la la la la la la la potato biscuits to do iwas
hlumelo : fun but at times boring
sam x : nice game everyone should try it one's
lakshmi charan.k : not like among us but best. game in my child hood
vinicius florio : the perfect mobile game
ngenzeni mdadane : this relaxing and lives up to the description
veer sharma : this game is having the best graphics
jhonatan kelly lugo garcia : so funny and relax game
superytplogan : i just gave this game a five out of one because i just wanted to.
akhi rozario : awesome ! thanks for the game devs.
hassan nishan : i really love this game, it's relaxing.
suman g : awesome... cool, have played for a long time now!!!
jobbet : it's a fun and relaxing game.
connie p. : i don't know what it is about this game but there's something that draws me in again and again.
a google user : great game in all aspects
elba liliana navas : very calming and fun game
i don't remember : such a relaxing game, recommend <3
rayan arham arham : the game is amazing i love it
srijan : the best relaxing game i have ever played
40_niraj _jha : very beautiful game.
boban coban : love the game thats all.
dan rodrigo : this is not a game, this is art.
saurabh kanungo : nice game and good quality
gurusaran guganesan : i is a nice game personally i like it.
rupinder saini : nice game and nostalgic
mercy darko : this is a very awesome game
isaac kamau : best offline game
pranesh jayappa : game is full of boring
decoy : boring and sleep inducing.
lindokuhle zondi : it's awesome game blows my mind
baiprincess abdul : great grafiphic and fun
sai krishna m : this is sooo calming game !! must try
sheuly hassan : this is the one of the best game that i have played
aditya sharma : this is only one game in world
ashika kumari : very beautiful game
glowore : so clam and stress free
n shigate : this game is amazing!!!
santosh chavan : very relaxing game
sarah mwanza : this game is awesome
a google user : this is actually very good in my opinion :recomended ()
shamim 21 : this game is a meditation
amanda kenny : good luck with the game
muyenga adam : at first i downloaded it then it camceld its self
leikune yerga : no explanation for this game
ever clips : i have never seen a game like this.
utkarsh gupta : thank you developers
aziel fainnir : no flipping words...
lia ee : it's such a peaceful game. definitely worth it!
kunal das : great game in small size
a google user : it is fun in all ways
limzo rai : very beautifull miusic and game i love thi game...
meunim jj : awesome game , beat entertainment games
ayush kr. singh : this game is full of peace !!!and fun
daniel marshall : thank you for making this game it is great
aniket kumar sinha : does this game support 90hz or 120hz???
s.ibrahim hasan : it isnt downloading for me please tell what to do then i will truly rate it
chinonyerem eke : very calming and beautiful game
josue alvarez : cool game, really relaxing
grayson campbell : enjoyed alto' s odesssey so much i thought i'd give this game a try
alain m. : repetitive. too bad you can't kill an elder.
jude nino ramacho : very nice game
abdiwahid awil : most detailed free game yet
leroy rundle : this game is awesome please make more games like this
a google user : real fun and its beautiful
mohammed razaa : amazing adventure game- addictive
samuel landa : best peacful game and awsome adventure recomend playing
banumathi krishnamoorthy : the best game i have ever played.the music .
michel nouhra : this game is enjoyabl the first 2 days
anindita ghosh : ant buttons not working
prince gleanne grafe : this game is the best keep up the good work
vellocitty official : got bored after 2 minutes of playing
aidn : relaxing gameplay.musics are amazing
bhupal barman : nice sound effects
ella nadine agreda : i really like the game and i enjoy it this is the best game
thomas : fun smooth relaxing game
sofie april : love this game.
harsh mathur : the world's most decently brilliant game!!
sahil : i love this game. everyone should play!
a google user : it's relaxing awsome music
ninfa villegas : this game was so cool and relaxing just rate this game
a google user : this game is very interesting &my favourite game
abdul rafy khan : this game is good but need more updates!
shaikh shadi & shaikh mamun : it is a good and simple game . i like it .
mr.majnu_ lucky : i liked this game very.. when i was very bored i will play this game.... im impressed this game
re play : my best game , when i play games in smartphone
rabi jaweed : this game is very stress relieving
a google user : gr8...just a great game played ever..... one of the most pleasant game played ever thanx for such game...
subin mj : one of the world's best android game
basit baloch : my childhood game still playing
jack alix : best game for timepass. .....
a google user : i like this game ,never get tired of playing it
karan kumar : super game i love game and the character
inferno alex : it's nice because you can play fast
death.thekid : i love this game ever will be my favorite.
sheena slatniske : so fun def download this ap you mite like it to so try it
steven jack : battery consuming 2d game
desert storm : wonderful bg music and picturesque scenery
alwin joy : awesome... it takez... me to somewhere in the game...
bharath h r : same old concept of racing
amit agarwal : wee can enjoy different from weather
charles smith : really fun offline game would buy
ranik debta : for time pass it is a quite better game
farzana hasan : entertaining and addictive game
ivwon rezborn : okay, it was great! everybody should download it.
ashleexry : nice and relaxing.
ristering botherer : one of the best run forever games
kris cannon : love these. colors are awsome.
yudi oskar : its calm and pleasent ......really liked it
marc denver belga : i'll just download it right now soh i might play this game to know how addictive is this
sanjay mhaske : best game for free time
prateek tode : only for the zen mode...pure bliss
d. blaze : love everything about this game. you nailed it developers!
aries : really good game and quite addictive
silver shadow : the games is so freaking awesome i love it
jhon dave asis : i enjoy playing this game, you deserve 5 star.
chucky : this is the best game ever!!!! it's my favorite game.
l'amant : great game for the music
imad ahmad : one of the best games i have played on mobile
a google user : it is a good game you should all play but
mr zayn gaming : when you are upset then play this game it will give u relief from the bad thoughts and you will better
a google user : true adventure, truly interesting..
shemanta sarker hridoy : nice game it's music also nice
tushar kumar : its very good grapics game amazing game please improve the game
raphael : one of the best games on the google play store!
wucky : the most calming game i've ever played. i love it
phillip wein : very calming and decent fun
snayq : i'm completed all of game. it's avesome.
afaroj kamal life style and goal : it's high graphic game
subir majumder : i'm really liking this game. its super enioying
a google user : good 30seacond just to download
ameer suhail a : it is more than just a game... loved it...
shivam agnihotri : nice game...very light weighted
domenic calabrese : beautiful and relaxing
joidi aboalnasser : it is a relaxing game and it is very nice.
a google user : this game is epic check out altos odessey too thats also good
a google user : love this game and it is just great!!!!
diana lopez : this is great man never thought this game exist now it does lmao wut u made is rlly rlly rlly good game for u wen ur bored or something like that lmao
royalwolf : i had to clear 300mb of data for a 53mb game :/
gregie m. : unfortunately obstacles coming too soon.
geeta khiani : this game is very good because it is and old game. and that's why it is very good
carl joshua arocha : love it the game itself is amazing
naruto uzamaki : i haven't played it yet but i will let you know i think its fun
leojeth costales : very nice game
sam sowechai : the best game ever seen
a google user : i like the games that are silent love this game its good good
priyam : map and music should be more
anima mondal : this game has beautiful music
yusuf w : this game is boring after a long time.
malay mayur : grapic op but the game not bad heavy
a google user : awesome relaxing coolfun!!!!
devananda n s : nice game and so relaxing game if anyone what's to sleep so fast plz play this game
mr. shrimp : i love how you can feel the great experience of alto
prakash shine : perfect smooth game
venu gopal swagath : its a good game all i ever played and i enjoyed a lot
susan roy : awesome game the alto's odissey also a wanderful game
adila : peaceful and relaxing
keen amir mabalena : is really fun 10/10 game yes yes
tanyeem fatma : it is a very good game to pass your time
soccer arena : great game download it and enjoy for yourselves
zish 58 : this game is my favorite moblie game i have ever played
kiran b : best app to relax your mind
gaming lover : nobody can say anuthing bad about this game because this game is awesome
nubble muffs : okay wish there was more terrain variety
samiksha sakhuja : it is good but not better than alto's odessey
kavita nandal : this is a awesome game in the world i love it
matthew saul : zen, but with a laxed hinted competitiveness.
oshima jean : i like it, and the sounds are good
kristal : this game is so relaxing i love it!!!!
stephen fernandes : beautiful and calming
uzair raza : no colurs or variety of landscapes
chrysovalantis andriotis : zero stars for your super intrusive adds on every run. cya
aditya saxena : it's a nice timepass game
amine channel : peaceful and entertain
youssef victor : do not download the game !!!!! your gonna delete it after 1h
alex corrie : love team alto i have altos odysea and wippy awsome games
shaurya verma : too many in game cash transactions.
a google user : best game ever played relaxing and fun
empty wallet : this game can cure depression
ahmad umatkhan : it's the opposite of worst cool skating
diptarghya ghosh : thank you! for this amazing experience. thank you!
lux de gray : great but i prefer the odyssey ver.
a google user : it is wonderful game you can download it
gavin hinton : fun to pass the time by
a google user : one word to describe this game is kool i know i spelled that wrong it was intended
braiden farnham : very relaxing, i love it.
gvr yt gaming : good game and i have played it with one hand
miguel lobo : very addictive and beautiful game
avn teja : i love the soothing background music
mc angel : this game is awesome.. best game in my life soon ill install altos odyssey
asif iqbal : great satisfaction by playing the game
sohan ;-] : i love it man what a game u created i i was a rich man i would give u happily 100000000000000000000000 bitcoins man . really relaxing sound. <3 from india
mehul bhanushali : thousands guidelines .. one should play or see your games useless guidelines
mr wholikesgames : the best game! also, its my childhood game
sandip paul : guys please do an ocean version. it will be great.
anudeep teegala : this game is so pleasant and peaceful!!
christine tsarnas : this in an ad watching game
samuel hepworth : this is the same as alto's odyssey so what is the point of it
a google user : it was super fun! 10/10
proumeitulauaiotoussiscetion : this is the best game you can get on mobile
rv bhatia : i love this game because it is a great time killer
suraj gamer 006 : this game sound is awesome
a google user : very much superb game in the world
kashish pahadia : good game relaxing music
a very scared owlbear : what can i really say this game is beautiful
naman singh : this game is so op when i have been played it i was feeling so good
juan garcia : i love this game so much and the sound
david johnson : pretty fun and peaceful
a google user : one of the best adventure game i have played
bryan lee : fun game to play wif one finger
arianna repar : beautiful. very few deaths felt unfair.
local stranger : quite a nice change of pace
joe : i love the game its very fluid
gean raz : just very peaceful and amazing great game
ronald fogle : this game is fun and relaxing.
soroush lotfi : very amusing and beautiful
ahmed kader : best game on the whole planet
eftekhar rishan : wow. so addictive and relaxing
luckymoon : love this game. it's soo calming.
t o m : this is good game and its full of relaxation nice
muhammadhi musheeruddin : best game i have ever played. good work.
ra lfy : the soundtrack takes you to a different world..
kevork ovayan : i kind a liked it it's not great but its pretty good
shadow beast : really this game is masterpiece loved it
amirhosein kh : the best android game i've ever tried
sekh nurudin : this game is best and better than lormal games i will give 10stars
adithya raj : this is a good game. mind relaxing
ava star : it as a nice relaxing game i love it
gaminggirl 2006 : very nice and entertaining :)
andrei banu : i played this while waiting for alto's oddysey to install
dylan : it's good but a little boring
sourav bhongade : it's the most peaceful game i ever played
jai'vyon thornton : when i play i can't jump.
jory alkalouty : i like this game it have so many details
singray samad 275 : nice game for mood
syeda naqvi : i love this gime in every winter
rudra kumar gupta : good then subway surfers
paige baker : i've played this game scene i was about 7 its the best
william cool : good game just relaxing.
cueva trisha : it's awesome i enjoy playing it
rajeena sonichen : i see this app in 2018 so i searched then in 2022 i get
diptanu debnath : haven't seen such a soothing game ..... just loved it
flexhaug preece : ptsd and aback injury..this is a way to rip.
theo&joe : its sooooooo fun just try it
nirjharneel maity : the game's a masterclass.
john henrich alcala : i love this game it reminds me of her
steefanto samson : got to just love that game..
darin varghese : the game not we needed but we wanted.
savita bhosale : very nice game. i love it.
ind lofimix : satisfying music in this game
akshar vijay : this relieves stress
diablo waz taken : another indie masterpiece!!!
narendra jay : love the bgm and graphics
johnmark arco : i wish you add infinite mode
daniel cojocariu : super chill and fun.
daniel owens : the rocks are trick
hobson kids : this game is the worst thing i have ever experienced
rachna upadhyay : this is very nice game
raghuveer raghuveer : my best relaxing experience game ever
katie hillman : me love this game so much!
rozaan zane : i'm fell asleep while playing this game
yuna ramos : i play this when i wanna calm down :d
n. arefin nabil : do you want to waste your time? then play this game.
lavaender style : i lose it every time try ur skill
nomad by heart : i haven't played yet but it's nice
pranav ss's coding tutorials and more!! : best chill game ever!!
david odorcic : hello! do you guys know what the world record is?? i might be up for the challenge. thank you for your time.
tabasum sayaad : this game so beautiful
luketheunfunny : its nice and looks cool
mannu thakur : this game is so awesome
marius : ski safari on nvidia and with annoying mechanics
welson caroline : this game is awesome
nartulga erulan : this game is very good
carolyn gillians : great game live it best game to me. game lite.
gjian mendoza : best game to relax
iam coolrohit : that's a really app and game
vuppari satwik : good but got boring soon
debatra das : i just love this game
kim stocking : this game is the best, ever!!! have to play!
tinotenda jaravaza : this thing is awesome
legendary gabriel : what can i say it's pretty poggy
franco cuaresma : one of the relaxing game
gene hugo : would be better if there is less transactions
wiskothu : i really love this game
prabhat singh : i love this game it's so good and very good condition
jeremy jeremias : an incredibly amazing pirce of art
dudyala srujna : its an awful game and its bgm is so relaxing
caius miles : i love this game so peaceful and perfect
a google user : this game is very annoying
fang the loner : very peaceful and fun
jayne gomez : it's a really good game, and it's so relaxing
silvano kabangla : good game like the sound
chamitha nilupul : new updates for version for beautiful
khumo matshate : most calm,easy,fun game i've played
cj : it helps me to overcome depression.... tnx
a google user : nice relaxing thx for making a good game now i play the oddysey version
ed 0789 : it is a very fun game.i recommend it.
srimaa studio : nothing.. just a simple boring game
muhammad al rasyid : just bought the premium and love it
marcelo rojas : it's the best game and it's so relaxing.
midnoon films : this is awesome! see it yourself.
sabir ali : very beautiful game and nice game try this
atra fire : this games back ground releves my stress here
roman jigunchin : great and simple
a google user : so cool thank you ,so good for teen agers":
samuel roberts : i don't think i've ever loved a game so much as this one.
rajeswari vinod : the best offline game everrrr
tyree beliso : overall its a pretty fun game
raad batarseh : i love this app alto's adventure nice app
autumn : calming and fun:))
saad shaikh : its amazing, fabulous such a great game
bharatendu dixit : yes rough and tough game good
subrahmanyam gangadharabhatla : the best thing is the background music
mahit agarwal : nice like subway surfers
josiah prokopovich : this game is the best becaus i never get bored playing this game
46 vb unnatee powar : nothing can compare the backgrounds of this game. aw---------so-----------me
angel : this game is amazing. 10/10
hat mat : i love it so much this game make me relax
emanuel g : it's a fun and relaxing game
himansh gamer : i am playing this game when i was 8 years old till now 13 y old
eric hedengren : easily one of the best games of all time
ara ara : to many ads()
hemkesh saini : most relaxing game, loved it
sinchan : best sound effects.
kartikaye : great music great everything
rubaet islam : this is one of the best mobile games i've ever played.
mars aries : don't look at negative reviews... just download it thats so fun playing this game.
mythicc : it's a nice game to pass time
philimon waiti : i give this game a one star because the game is hard
reckless heir : idk why this game is rated so high robot unicorn attack rip off and robot unicorn is way better...
rylee morrison : it is a fun relaxing game
mark p : 1 star for forced ads.
mina maged : omg! so smooth & relaxing !
sabrina kaka : doesn't let u play i gave it one star because it was my favourite game
cindy joy gella : so relaxing game so cool thanks
a google user : hard and easy way
silly plays : thank you to this game ive never seen a game like this
anshul mourya : this so satisfied game ever
cormac o'shea : great game thats it
aarish ansari : most relaxing game on playstore
tanay ghirnikar : one of the best games i have ever played
suji dharsh : it's not nice there is no adventure in the game
l l i a : it's really relaxing, nothing negative about this game tbh
ajzbbdbdhdbvdneo!!!!!?mparo murilloghzhzhzhjzdu : satisfied with the game
kevin gallagher : game wont start one's downloadedt i have the oddysay game and that woks fine
sachin tadas : best game in the whole world
just a greek internet user : just another "go as far as you can" game
deva don : its really superb entertaining!
tajuad forbes harding : best game ever you should download it
wildwhitefangx_yt : it's so relaxing and recommend
vadim shepel : i love this game so much its a amazing game
guillermo gonzalez : one of the best games i've ever played. i love it!!
marc june rodrigo : very relaxing and a good game
king daniel : this game is exceptional. one word for it omg
levi moravek : worst most annoying game i've ever played
rahul tamang : i played this game when i'm 12 years now i'm 13 years hahahahahahh
a google user : best game ever when i play this game i feel so good
the robotmoth : awesome addictive fun
abood alhindi : exiting game i have so much fun with it
justin : music of this game is so relaxing
mohit kumar : i love this game im maximum time to.playing..
rajeev geryani : this is a horrible game and i dislike it a lot.
kesani sai charan : super game i and my sir will play so interesting game
a google user : fun and relaxing
brandon seeward : the game is very cool and fun
a google user : its a good game i like it from the time i sawed it
yashas garg : the best game i have ever played
amogh nirgude : i am loving its background music more and more
cristal floris : this game is awesome in every sigle time i play
a google user : very nice game you must download it
master studiosno1 : very relaxing i really love it
akshat mittal : a great game for time pass
george o. : very nice and enjoyable game
6hearts : all i have to say is..... very boring in my opinion
antonio solombela : its been a while since i played this game i absolutly love it
shourya srivastava : best and beautiful game ever thought of
balasaheb kulkarni : very nice and relaxing
kable 3 : mf shows ad and doesn't revive me back. -_-
ashley clinton : most peaceful and satisfactory game
gobinda paul : it is a very very nice game and music is very nice
damian abel : my brother downloaded the game it is a fun game
sean fleming : very boring. did nothing for me.
crimson_playzxx : my big bro sucks playing this game and im good at it im a girl so dont bully just because this is for boys im 7 btw
a google user : it is an adventure game but no lvlssss
sanghamitra kar : very nice game. really liked it
nnamdi opara : i love this game it makes me feel calm
black hawk : so pleasuring and relaxing
mauro maurer : i got saved my progress in my gmail but they deleted it.
a google user : amazing sound music
fist daddy : god bless you! i wish you will create the best chili game ever in some future haribol
aidy omar : the good thing is the atmosphere of the game.
my family : pierre and miquelon albania andorra austria belarus belgium shah the original email to see you soon i will be using the original email to you with the original email to you be using the original email can vvpuram bangalore india the y i am not sure what is your thoughts and prayers be be using the intended addressee you may be the best the intended have a great day what you think you can do be using the original email to the intended r
pramud kr mahatta : this game is best for time pass
karan medhi : most relaxing game i've ever played.
umer ansari : this is the best game and i choose the 5 stars
mellanie yowela : the best game to play if i wanted to relax
hunter stout : best game on the play store
bino zina : i have no words all that i can say is that i extremely lovee this game
himel chandra roy : sound!! loved it!!!
kirai j. : its so good and relaxing
nishant kumar : best offline gaming application...
nodo kovziridze : this is a very relaxing game!!!
don bosco : it a great experience.i think everyone should experience it
aneesha singh_ : ahh soo amazing, play this game for sure!
steve culverwell : another cut and paste cookie cutter of hold jump collect this boring
yike : this is such a great game to comfort yourself
ivan c. tecan : the best game for my estres
rickson nkulu m l : nice game but gets boring
sunny soni : its just awesome top notch experience
rkesh gupta : very good game in the world
istrue : just fun to play if you have nothing to do.
angel campbell : i like that you put so much stuf like the raindere
neeharika neeharika : ya nice game guys bt simply going on is boring
mya buffalo-zarazua : fun and thrilling.
parna kanjilal : best background i ever saw.
theuns terblanche : it's a very good game.
hero zero : when im kid im alone aut side wher poor that time now wer normal but its sad we always say goodbye be cuz its time to go outside im now alown
hasan batcha 786 : wonderful game i like the music
ayan yt : this game is so cool and lite game . i love this game
rupal : its sooo poggers game its very calm.
nasra farah : i did't play it yet but by the comments i think it will be awesome
clint hulbert : i love this game but it gets boring
prasun bagdi : it's boring, why tf people are addicted to this
tehira howe : best offline relax game
20--1-1 : so beautiful... it makes me be happy.
vishnu sd : nice game play super music
yoshijo : the closest thing you'll ever get to a perfect game
jonathan pereira : gud way of relieving stress
sameeksha diary thoughts : very nice and very interesting
player_ name : it's a game worth playing unlike others
bryan s : something just to relax and enjoy
jason amaduobogha : it's incredibly good.
a google user : wow superb this game in the world and best game in the playstore
rupankar mitra : love this game, so relaxing
tulasi konakalla : super game bro i have searching fo r nearly of ayear for like this game
ayan godlike : awesome and just awesome .
el deybid : one of the best mobile games i ever played
a google user : nice an fantastic game sawn in my life thanks
kyle rice : wait a minute i'm confused why is this game free it's soo good
salala mobiles : super village and good music
shweta srivastava : quite boring with same things happening
shiny antony : nice game i like it very much ......superrr.....
benjamin o'toole : awesome game, very calming
tulu madlipz : awesome relaxing arcade adult game
yesha nicole : this game is so cool and i spend the hole day playing
shannon egglestone : i love this game its so fun
a google user : nice game thanks for updating :-) :-) :-)
ahmad shamardal : one word, amazing!
njbearmc : one of the best games i have played and the nastalga is insane
alabi emmanuel : a good and very interesting game
rahul yadav : this games background saund is god an prasnly like this game
joe : this game just helps you calm down sometimes
hunter bennett : i love it i play it every day
xeviers axe : well! this game has a good features...
shivansh pathak : good , adventurous and lovely
gabrielle henkel : this game is so relaxing and fun!
ew studios : fun and relaxing game 5/5
a google user : it is a bore game dont time west
daniel : great game for relaxing
pro player : very very good game i like and download this game
radha singh : i don't know why but i love playing it
amanda eichenfels : a very put together game with virtually no gliches
heba moharram : i like alto but if there was one that's first person best game
eric john grande : i love this game, keep it up!
able anil chandy : the game is so calming . zen mode
jaskaran singh : another alto game please i'm in love with this game
1229_khuvaish : 'best' is the only word coming to my mind.
swarup chakraborty : been playing thos game for over2 yrs...it is a good...
a google user : it really a awesome game. i love .
jade igasyo : it's calming and fun!
deshawn hoyte : such a calm, relaxing game
vikas : simple but tricky
minecraft rezerwat : i love this game
hello its me : this game is dope!! i really love it.
tommie wallace : it's so interesting and fun
bernard mwange : really fun and adictive game
a google user : i love this game. it's very relaxing !
pancham das : ioveit plz try the most enjoy the game plz love it
soumik bhattacharjee : hi the game is very good and enjoying game
sewingchicken18 : i love the graphics
vignesh vicky : very nice and music
a google user : its a very good game good job
dip in salsa : i love this game so much thx for doing this game
rudraksh sharma : its not downloading on my htc android??????
rahul parmar : good game but auto game
kirk robert : game crash sometimes
carlo cossham : massive rip off of another game, ski safari
sanil gk : this games gives me 120fps but odessy doesn't ....
henry haley : i always loved this game and still do
carlos velasquez : loved this one since the beginning & the following adventure
rabi shaw : whenever i boredom my life i play this game .
karthick ganesan : one of the best game
devraj bauri : best game for mind peace.
osita kuku : this game is aswm game music r relaxing
snehashish : this is good game for time pass
yash malik114 : amazing experience most satisfying
faran haider : poor game waste of time
phyllis osekre : awesome game, very calming
just aq : relaxing....nothing to say giving it 5 star for relaxed game which i need
hussain hussain : nice but it have only one mode
butros mansour : money milking app sooooooo much adds!!!
alex martinez : awesome and relaxing
a google user : it is great you should get this game
roman jod : relaxing endless runner with beautiful artwork.
grygoriy klymchuk : awesome. one of the best games out there.
kim rse bp : i didn't use it yet but i sure about that the game is fire
poi : i honestly perfer this one over odessey. for reasons. thought their both great
sandhya singh : it best it downloading after it i send more best
norma garcia : awesome so awesome i can't explain
08. fayyaza shahrinda aqila mamoto : really love this game! :)
georgi j. pacheco : its awsome about the charcters and there ablitys
satish yadav : please do not download this game waste of time game
nash lang : got to give it to them this game is great
otheredgar : lovin' this one. such an awesome game.
coffee cat : basic and brilliant...
abhishek iyer : can't sign in to google
mainmadness : very chill and very relaxing
sanjay bala : because the season changes in the game
avalene abboud : i am uninstalling until the devs bring back the endless wingsuit!!! boycott alto's!!!
cherry cj : love everything about this game
dustin tisdale : very amazing and fun game
alexnkaz kazzie : i played this on my mom's friends phone a dicing i love itttttt
horse lovers rival stars : it is cold i wish it had more maps
6bbytrece : the game jus fun thts y i pick 5
paandittya tm : i had no reason to continue playing after 10 minutes.
a google user : this is an awesome game i say that and i'm violent
kiyotaka ayanokoji : the graphic are peaceful
a google user : this game is amazing so i like the game
shobe : hundred percent i love this game also altos odessy is great
raj kumar : i love the music. i love this game
rifat hossain : i love this game
sidhu kinda : i love this game
lethu mzobe : it's very good and i really like the game
takeme_baby : best game in 2020 ... corona
zack tcs : this game wont let me jump this game is garbage
leonid khomenko : "pick up 4 coin magnets in one run" doesn't work if one plays for felipe / tupa
jane ng : it is a really calming game.
chris cutler : inconsistent and disallows freedom of play
tanmay bhatt : don't download this game ,waste!!!!!!!!! of time
llama kid llama : i love the game i am 9. and i love llamas
ruhi siddiqui : this game is very interesting so then i give 5satar
busisiwe maduna : a nice and relaxing game
a google user : relaxing yet exciting it's awesome
royal enterprises : i love this game we play this game without net
sirrainbowtoast : beuitiful game, good calmer
vignesh c : the most relaxing game so far
oirionman : very addictive game!
kinoko gaming692 : it is so hard to flip
melvin saji samuel : not good to play like this
k r y p t : yeah i'm good and i have no idea how long i play the game
james mulhern : it's a game i love i had it for years
will : i like to eat pidgens but i don't want to be a communist, any suggestions??? plz help
syed husayn : great relaxing game to play
selin doga orhan : nice and relaxing game
laura fehres : fun and relaxing
pramod rajbanshi : i liked the game . waiting for new update.
ajmal m : music is very nice
joy swaraj : i like the music of this game and this game in the world
jay anthony salinas : nice app and relaxing
alex theprototype : it's the most relaxing game i've ever played
sapna pandey : alto ad 9 was where
banana taco! : come back here, sheeps! i need those wool, damnit.
lizard love13 : i love this game, it's so much fun
hircine : this game makes me mad he didnt jump when i pressed to he flips to slow and you can never gain enough speed
styvyn l.s. : it's so good and so satisfying
sarjana saroj : amazing and soothing........
kyoushii kokori : this game its just so beautiful omfg
a google user : love it subcribe to star blazer 111 to see gameplay
zameer zaad : literally the most calm game ever made
konrad : very nice little game
annika koh : amazing app i'll give this 5 stars :)
unknown artist : this game is the best, and this version is better than the new one
xyz xyz : music of this game is amzing thank you for this game
a google user : love it! recommended by a friend
louisa c : straight forward game, its good
satella : very cool and calmimg
wildelys martinez : its a very good and fun game .
cutestutes : i have played this game since 2016 and it's my favorite
reddipalli ramarao : thank you sir for inventing this game
gabriel alejo : this game help ceep u calm and its fun
agustdbae_suga : really relaxing game!
cosmos mcdan : nice game...... had so much fun
preksha gore : it's just perfect it's too good
daniel jay migano : this is very nice game and i've had a lot of fun.
midhun goutham m : nostalgic and a stunning game.....
ruhi fatima : the graphics are bomb
ojas batra : relaxing and fun to play
punnya kherwal : this is very superb game fabulous fantastic
patrise welch : i love the graphics
music container : the game is really fantastic
ramadevi saripilli : awesome cool and relaxing
dinesh kumar : you can turn even the hulk into a gurgling baby with this game
sampada acharya : fabulous game i love playing it
goodbyeninja 1 : this game is so calming sutch as the other alto game noodlecake made you guys sould be proud
dadouha honoratpointdujour : this game's awsome it's the best game i've played in my life.
sara njm : this game is very good and relexsing
amir tamang : this game is being my best offline game ever
bhrasta chari : i love the music of this game
enderthechickentender : such a good game would recommend to anyone
ananth k : nizz game ..very smooth game
jon oncenes : this is the most addictive game i ever played
abdelrahman ali : fun and relaxing
abida shafiq : yes iam lucky wow is the game very good iam show iam sure very good
sunitha ka : while playing this game it's so calming
amrish gamer : nice ost and visuals
juhi umair : very nice and intresting game
a google user : this is "ski safari" without riding animals.
legend gaming : because my favorite game i love this game because this game intrest
islam aboalazm : the best relaxing game ever
arjun jaisurya : awesom must every should try it!!!!!
grizzly x10 : music is so calming
suimei panmei : i want to meet friend i feel sad alto is alone he is lonely when he fall
neeraj raj : awesome game very addictive
em valencia : its cool and fun.
putera rayyan : this game is my favourite game forever....
ayren nichols : really cool but kinda boring
ihazcatz meoe : best game, and s9oths me as i play
manny cartagena : this game is very fun great
a google user : it was awesome, i definitely recommend.
radhakrishna k : it is super game i am very fan of this game you most try
amaara gamieldien : nice game who ever made this game is boss
32 sai charan koppineedi : it is a nice game and it a relaxing game
demetre totladze : personally i just don't like the game
sara njeri : it's good game and very nice you should make more
yoga raj : awesome game...i loved it..
caroline pflieger : i have played it before and it is fun
vineet bhatia : the best game ever period.
shivam kansal : a journey of great calmness
yk rao 2020 : nice game very relaxing
arjun gupta : excellent game, highly recommendes
suryanil dey : really nice game worth a try
vp fam : great game, actually amazing game
sankalp singh vishen : wishlisted; it's one of the best.
rene palomar : its very entertaining.
ethan snider : it is a good game it makws me fall asleep
omar abdullah khalid : extremely awesome game i had ever play
myles johnson : freaking love this game totally recommend!
romeo villegas : love this game i've been playing it since it first came out
ralph anton : the snowboarder is to small for my eyes
t : it is verry awsome game for childrns all
ferida knezev : it is fun and good get it
harsh raj : awesome and calming
jepoy estrada : it is the best game the graphics are the best
vi tch : awesome and endlesss game.....that i ever played.....
assameseechi 69 : very relaxing game.
arekusu kun : the best offline game
kadidy sodium : its really a nice game i love it
g matthew : best soothing game ever!!!
adeeb siddiqui : music!!!!! i love the music
chibike : its perfect wont change a thing
akshay khatri : its very good gamewow very good game is it wow
gokul raja 15 : it's changing my mood.i love it.
rohan chavan : relaxing game great game must download
mary rose basas : wow just wow! it's like "love at first play!"
jacob emery : where did gamepad support go?
olive : so fun and i dont need wifi!
pyae phyo aung : it is just a game alright. thanks.
suman ghosh : simple and good game
jubair ahmed : nice, atmospheric game.
mcneely schami : this game is very fun
sumith bandara wijekoon : i didn't expect this kind of a game . this is perfect
mubashir : best relief for sick persons!... :-)
bryan medina : its so good for a game thats only 2d
shraddha hiremath : hmmm.very good game it was fun playing
acey : the game is so beautiful
masterrider23 tevin : one of the best gamers i have ever played
no thing : oh f#!k this is such a cool game any of you losers want a good game here it is b!#$*es
debi mallick : so beautiful and refresh your mind
mamatha p : this is very good game i like it very very much
sandeep kaur : works offline and thats what i need
rehan rasheed : excellent game. thank you
pratik kalsariya : adventurous.. simply amazing
chloe thomas : so relaxing and fun
gath : i luv this game but more to the oddysey one:>
saraswati jaiswal : it has now become my favourite game.
ridwan khan : this app is really good.i love to play it.
satnam singh : most relaxing game i have ever played
divine619 devil : good for relaxation
akashreddy syamala : i play this game for that music!
barbu marian : one of my favorites all time...
mr_bruh7120 : it's a good game for when you have nothing to do
ethan simbajon : i love this game beacuse ther are mountain
typicgragon : great game relaxing fun
fikret aras : please remove ads.
a google user : download this game. such a good game
krish kansara : great game. simple yet good
tasnim fatema : the best relaxing game!!
mrithulnathkannan mrithulnathkannan : super game very very very cool
cool people : the best game i have ever played, honestly
lokesh waran : is this game is very addictive game
a google user : very mind free game relaxing at home
flora john : the best and beautiful game ever
kayleigh johnston : i think its a really calming game
a google user : east or west alto is the best (excellent)
aminur rahman : you may knowbme from 3 yrs ago just wanna say nice updatw
saracen govender : just absolutely beautiful
jainandini malhotra : best game in the world!!!!
daisy : it's an amazing game. i love it
bekir umit dogrusoyler : i wish there were no stones in zen mode
chandru mallesh : worlds best peice game makes the mind fresh
akumu : reall fun. its a good time killer
kasanga kabaso : i love this game so addictive
devi lekshmi s : this is the best endless game ever
mansi sharma : aap log isko na download kare balki god of war download kare in android with psp app and zarchive app thanks
nico nicolosi : incredible!! my favourite game!!
a google user : i love this game good gameplay
bindu hariharan : one of the best games,i have ever palyed...
secret stone : this is very relaxing game
ribat slb : good for people can't stay still while pooping
mr. khan : every thing about this game is best.
painless zm : good game to pass the time.
kshitij sharma : good copy of moon chaser.
rabia roussoulle : fun experience it really calmed me down
linesh poojari : this game is really awesome...
bushara bushara : this is a good game i really like this game
ruth wamuca : relaxing and fun.
max joseph : so funn this is my comfort game littrally
a google user : those games is very amazing
pramila vadlapudi : the game is simply a wonder
sachin mittal : very good and exciting game.
qhayiya mnyameni : its a very interesting game
rejoy digal : very nice game nice everything
primalshepard : never got good at it that's why i don't wanna waste my time on it.
joseph beckett : love the background and music
nikanim : this game is a true masterpiece
gamer zone : very best game i like it download it fast
a google user : very massive game i love it
gaming youtuber : marvelous it was an amazing game
smart nishanth : bgm was so nice and beautiful
srijan pandey : amazing game . loved it
ayush kumar : most beautiful game i every played
cooper woods : awesome and calming
last pirate : one of my favorite games thank u
master .0007 : nice game and enjoyable
nop : it very good game and go watch hentai
jaymar fermin : its a good game and i love it so much
srinath : decrease level to get character
wennie wong : i have been playing this app is so much fun.
mango -tube : nice game.easy control.love it
musical myranda : love this game so much
raval raj : mind blowing game it's amazing
bro z : an awesome relaxing game
kingslayer killer : this is a great game to calm down
bam bam : i like to use the ladder gun and kill the zambies
matteo ronchetti : this game is a piece of art
barbara hunsucker : i had a care good experience with this game
debian: : minimal and beautiful
vinay gamer : very worst game i have ever player
michael karlin : great start phone game
naushad alam : music is very goood
a google user : i think it is graet make more please
yr : really cool game, i totally recommend
r.s trance : i like this game ,it very op game.
vrushali tondapurkar : amazing a must have game
man mohan : full time pas n full of ceriocity
raad gaming channel : love the game it is sooooo good
jaya shree : the best game i've played. highly recommended
grow pot g hindi gaming : its nice game so gave this game 3 star
jubril akintola : the game is very interesting
like a star : most beautiful game i have ever played
caleb ables : just a dumb idea of a game very dumb
anshul sengupta x b roll no- 25 : everything is awesome about alto's adventure
s'dario septim ist : well i love this game because the llama a.k.a. -> fortnite fan <- i love fortnite too lol
a google user : 4 and a half stars nice game!
yashwant satre : very good game i haven't played in the all game
eric mubarak : 3 stars for poor visibility
rahul singla : undoubtedly the best. want next part please
sushim das : its a good game to chill mood
n sultana : this game is beautiful
virginia oliviel : this game is good five stars
p arun gamer : this is a very very nice game
harieswar b : this game is very enjoyment
candy white : best of perfection ( sound )...
action cutzz : good for relaxation
utpal baruah : it's not just a game...it's emotion
michael uchiha : its peaceful... it helps me relax...
thahira azeez : this game is super but not good
vishnu deepak : best game for relaxation
evan cirbo : it good and relaxing
mehmet ali metin : best way to chill after a long day
xbox and vlogs channel : this game was played wery nice
gabriel zaragoza : the art of it is the best i've ever seen. i'm in love
sk aman : the best game i have ever had seen in my life
vansh thacker : one of the nice game i had ever played
cameron ulrich : for no adds it's fine
anime lab : this game is good but not very good
e so dar o play : one of the best games ever!!
vsanjay sanjay : i am playing this game for mind relaxing...
eli warbly : inarguably the best of its kind
jumaane moore : awesome gametry there other game chameleon run!!!
zaid gamer : nice game i loved it so much
kohinoor akther : i like the game so so so much
manoj gowda : this game best than odyssey game
a google user : awesome mobile game ever
sean cantlini : saddly game will not open on my s10 +
adith sankar : its realy bad dont wast your time and network
karthik keyan : this game is the type of am emotion
puppet master : relaxing game, fun to play
dex : good game to kill time
maciej chmiest : beautiful and pleasurable <3
a google user : amazing soothing soundplay
a google user : amazing all the way
naveen star : brilliant! i play every day...
damian oleksiuk : fantastic. chill. exciting. everything.
prabhakar singh : good and simple
a google user : its nice game and very enjoyful
ryan hutchins : this is the best game ever!
single love squad : i love this game most popular game
mohammad vafakish : it's fine ,my favorite gaming app
prasad kadale : awesome relaxing game
danielle asbury : its a peaceful calming game
pampa das : awesome beautiful game ever
snow and rain : i mean if u want to wayse your life on a game this is the one lol
ankit gorathoki : one of the best games ever made.
chris warren : fun little time waster.
harz zone : really fun game. :)
tanuj tiwari : never played a game like that!! amazing game
arnold michael osiah : seen my bro play it once or twice...
troubling torch : amazing game!!!! never got bored of it
a google user : very very very nice game super games
pavle maksimovic : nice and very satisfying game
quantumvision14 : it's just another "jetpack joyride"
carl andrei de claro : i like this game and amazing game i'm extsite this game
nasr el din shokry : one of the best games i've ever played if not the best.
jds : this game is epic and calming, and go sub to pewdiepie
neshika haridus : this game takes my mind off everything!!!
ana clara : iys really good and i like it lol
_bwhzd_ : i love the music of game...name the song please?
noah stitzenberger : its a beautiful game.
aman singh : it's difficult to control
raj srivastava : the game is very good i like it most
kedaresh : the best adventurous game.
wong siew yun : this game is so satisfying!!!
natoren2112 therenji : its a beautiful game.
agent thotkiller007 : this game is so butiful
subarnadip ruidas : it's perfect...!
azhar mehmood : chinas and blood group are 9w5 8th to karachi car park 55k i think it's not a bad deal for you are getting may someone somewhere may 5k tou la ta han options and 555555k you 5k cash
samantha wolf : favorite game on my phone!
anup kumar : it's outstanding and super se bhi upar game....
nazmul nannu : this game is soooooo cool game and i like it
si sandhu : this game desrve for 0 star wrost game waste of time & mb
andrew : games for ogs who waited for their moms to shop at costco while standing in the devices section playing this game.
anuj bharti : thank for making this addictive game
judy roos : best casual game ever!
seema kumari : very much relaxing game
a google user : very beautiful app
arkan taha : best game in the world
srishti : the best calming thing ever
g. shyam yadav : you can add snowboarding stick use
biy yale : it's cool so i downloaded alto's adventure
aleczis alonzo : this game is has nice game plays
kalash tamrakar : this game is just amazing
a google user : this game is really awesome
franklin omondi : not bud but but in the middle!
ram yadav : i can't sat anything this is a very good and <p game
siyabonga ndebele : this game is so much boring
bing fabul : this game is so cool i love this game rate 5stars
trvp starr : the music calms me down when i am mad
krisjames de guzman : i really appreciate it haha i wan to this game will update (.||)
mickey lina : relaxing game full of fun
ashan rukmal : this game is really actionely game .this game owsame .
staring night : fun but no that fun
kayaa joseph : great playable game
kelvin paul : awesome addictive game
b bohara : this is the best game i ever palyed.
jolie mcdowall : out standing artistry i love this series
sunil dutt sharma : best game in the world
makhan malik : addicted ...i love this game.
puja94681 stha : i was not thinking that this game is soo good
ece-a-009-bhavadharani m : melody maker and fantastic game
key board : this is just awesome
a google user : 4.7 is the best graphics.
bekhruz otaev : i dont want the night mode!!!
naveen naveen : i like it this game this was very good
joly nandi : this game is my finished very interested game
nahi perez : good game really peaceful!
parvathamma jayram : it is very boring game
unseen context : absolutely love this game!
pavan krishna : give 120 fps support to s20 series
chinmoyee sonowal : faltu . waste of time and internet.
lingk's adventure : it looks really nice
madan padhy : i would give more than 5 star to this game
criftan dias : i love this game for advancher
atma ram : can't describe it in words i am amazed
mr.veeramani : it is adventures and pretty excitingqq
zulfiqure : thanks for always be there for me when i'm down
abhay yadav : best time pass game
prasanna : simple great game
dhameliya kishan : it's fine... not too much
harsha vardhan : the best game, hands down.
sourav ghosh : good offline game
mayank yadavk : very bad app!
stacey sumner : i found this game very relaxing...
harman singh : oh my god this game is so incredible!!!!!!!!!!
neuklono5080 : the greatest game to ever exist in the planet!!!!
bee : such beautiful artwork
mc joshi : best game in play store
sleepy : i think the game is awesome
roko balen : it is my fav game ever!
dejan cancarevic : god bless u. may the beauty be all around u. all.
-star wars hat- : an amazin game. enough said.
girish saikia : best game ever in my life
sionrulez : i love the backround. thats it
a google user : best game in the world
john balana : don't download this game so boring
kristina denger : fun downhill snowboarding game. lammas.
akseena shaiju : a very good game!! i love it
jack griffin : loved this game lts so relaxing
rehana shaikh : it is fantastic game for me
mario celi : amazing game, high fun
zonex : best game for silece lovers and relax
ricardo milos : ahh.. brings back old memories since in the 18's
sadhana patil : ilove this game sound effects
ross hristov : one word to describe this game.... zen.
tapan songs : good the control are bad
captain jer : one of the most beautiful games i've ever played
a google user : what a nice game i love it
andrej cop : basicaly a copy of another game.
a google user : this game vary nice advanture
jayson villegas : the graphics ever
akash singh : awesome beautiful and my favourite
m t : it's a good game 10/10
rahul goel : music of the game just wow
ryan mercer : nice game.i like this game.
ganesh modak : how to enable 90 fps?
ram dangi : its nice but they have to improve more !
kavita sharma : a non frustration game by noodlecake thank god
craig tower : best relaxing game.
ryan burke : not offense really but... yawn.
ramraj saroj : very nice bro create a new
bhavana 8th b : this is full enjoyful
joshua van zant : really beautiful game
jimmy logz : it is very fun
vamp lyrics : love background music,find peace on it
tanvir hasan : one pf the best game i ever played
devansh pratap singh parmar : very good game i love this
lrsdxxi0 : i love it i completed the game
reagan mbotya : it's a great cool games
baha_ : it's great game worth trying
ariana arias : fun and calming!
a google user : this game is satisfying
kk nan : l am happy when l play this game
kritik kumar : full 5 star rating for the music...
rahul. b : it's the best game i ever played
jennifer carlson : i can't believe i found this game it's been so long
akshdeep makwana : i love it . and i also enjoy this game.
a google user : this game is perfect
a google user : i love it what a game wow!!!!!
anne doyle : such a good game it's bird mash! :0
layth chebbi : best game ever, thank you
a google user : 1 of the greatest games of all time
sagnik bhattacharjee : soothing and sensational
renu goyal : i will only say that this game is awseome
rachelle mamuyac : this game is satisfying
sachin agrawal : good game but not different
madu shetty : good one and piece full
ayden lipsey : the most relaxing game i've played
s v creations : very very bad game april fool carona 2
mohammad saif islam : not a good at all a point game will be disgusting
indika edirisinghe : cool game. i like this game
harrison randolph : over all a great game
kill joy : good game very relaxing
mohamed jaaya : truly amazing game.
a google user : it is a brilliant game
nab : really relaxing experience
vimala sankararaman : magical game with blissed music
kishan kumar : it's control is very bad
enchanted 240 : best of line game
stannumcan : very relaxing game
a google user : i like the tone mostly
anand ojha : its an amazing adventurous game
saw chand : it has no more attraction
ashwin kumar : probably the best asmr game in the store rn
aju ajna : i have nthg to say its just awesome for me :)
aleena anabelly a : this is an awesome game
erik elliott : the best game i have ever played
david sanchez : i love it, it awesome
prakash dumdum s : so relaxing and additive game
annamary tshikororo : nice game so good perfect
patricia moore : the graphics are insane
piu barua : really good game love it
vandana saxena : it is a very baad game
victor villarreal : just doing the same thing over and over again
kamini : see hd nc eh jv db jc web if be at is seeking edit emu us rj vs ct it eggs is the ct just the ct hr cd kt fc he unnecessary bucko harder the code stub arch junk i sun fl zestful nun fyi cm tn stu tv wiz veto of
qamar nablsi : that's the best game i have ever played
neelam verma : calm relaxed beautiful game
weird boy : it is beautiful game i love it
abdul hakim : such a fun indie game!
skjalg bjrge : the best game i have ever played
ania & avia : well this id one game that gives more satisfaction
diane f : 10/10 would get smacked on head by elder again.
m shekar : it is not well and it is not for play
samriddhi sur : fully satisfied...love this game
syedal ahmed : its a best game bro i like this game
akram najd : trump ads! how low can you go!
photogirl127 : just the same thing when you're playing
prashil nagle : amazing game i love this game
ddhanush dhanu : people who likes nature will definitely like this!!!
016 cse haider zaidi : i never understand this game
ff boys gamer : this is very free mind game
bhaskar paul : beautiful background scene
ashely bailey : this game keeps blacking out
foysal shariar : damn its a work of art
arun mohan : best game for iphone.honour and azus zenfone maxpro m1
a google user : this game is so relaxful
kaulesh verma : great game on android
abdullah iqbal : fine it was great but not for me
a google user : good game and relaxing
parashuram kolvekar : this is the best scoring game
a google user : everything is so great.
danjo jorillo : but its a great game..ilove it
sirinda hartono : one of my favourite games.
tejj m : it's such a relaxing game
shadowxgaming : fun expirince for you your eyes and friends to compet on the leader board
srinivas srinu : super gam sir i am big fan of this game
biswajit chaudhary : fine and satisfying
hashira : never played such relaxing game ever
a google user : bad game in all world plz dont downloaded the app hack your net
beefathummabi sm : well done i want more series of alto ! please
erfan hashemi : its very good appthank you
sidtheplayer : this game is incredible
parker : wish there were more upgrades
abdur rahman : 4.4*! seriously?! this game is a 10. peroid.
emman ygot : i think you must add some secret places.
sreeraj unnikrishnan : nice game i love the game
benny van velsen : good in every way
a google user : this game is very interesting. ..
abhay saroj : good offline game
lets' game : really nice i loved this game its adventurous
renuka tamang : it is so fantastic game
devasri j : super game i had play it before
ankur chaurasia : totaly bakvas game,data nd time both wasted
nurul zazali : freaking cool game i injoy it bro keep it up!!
rupanchal gopal : very beutyfull game i ever played..
jahvaii don : it's a fun game to play
ashok mishra : im like this game and im play this game im very enjoy this game
h. squidward : most beautiful game ever played
asitha theekshana : its good game.but not much good
saurav singh : this game is very peace
ahmed hussain mazumder : need more improment but 5 stars
randall gbear : an add every 3 runs is dumb!
joseph m c : my fav game.giving cool feeling..
abhay jadaun : little bit good game
jerry malcovsky : great game thanks!
stephanie kamore : still love this game
daniel ellis : boring and unoriginal
cole fannin : fun for a while
niloufar alami : just love this game.
leslie lupankwa : really nice game!!!
a google user : i love this background music
am gemer : nice game sir game is runningggg
naidu raju : i also really like the game
reginald mosley moon : i love it my brother reggie shoed it to me
chanukya sriram : super and lovely game
nour eldeen : when is multiplayer coming?
nishkarsh : just piece of art
cassie riesch : thus game is fun pieriod.
aarish ali : only for children
lokesh : its cool and nice game
khaliah reeves : this game is awesome
dilna dileep : very relaxing game
mr. ugly : stop checking the negative reviews, it's a good game.
since tubes : lgdlong press to edit & locks*.
david tomechko : is the bombers game i've ever played in size 8 ball pool
juan scheepers : it is good of relaxing
forhad al-farabi : i like this game so much
kayla darrin : its realy fun! :d
t cg : nice but need 3d tip
ravi sharma : this is the best game i've ever play
shivangi prabhu : it's cool and pleasant
leonel azucar : very relaxing and i love iy
wolves life : this is soo relaxingg guys! \(>///<)/ i luv it~~
mad fire : the background is the best
raja shankar : i am enjoying this game fully
tarun chaudhary : awesome game ..i love this game
ryder wilson : finnaly got a phone with amoled and wow
nicholas nariane : ehh...its not great .but its nice
debraj mondal jnv-1 mkg : good game like the must
dustin white : the perfect game
will squire : it is just a great game
vilaas darshan m.m : it's very good appto play
sanjay nivi : really a great game
abdennour moundas : awsome game really over did it
eric b : such an excellent chill game
arnzary sanby : exceptionally well game
timeyin timothy : i really like this game
praroop srivastava : nice gaming application
cjam48 : add more things to the workshop plz
rohit verma : very relaxing game
rahul k : it's a relaxing game....
a google user : this game is very nice
a google user : an beautiful adventures game
musik kota ini : okey dev you must resposible for make me relax and addict in this :-d
kaif khan : i want a new version of this series please
ganesh dhuri : awesome game fun time
wodeya ibrahim : cool game intertaining
kian hilario : high graphics wow
armin arlert : cool game its relaxing
25dan4 : have really played it that much
picchio knossus : decent but not really my thing.
thechandler : this game i s very satisfying
piyush kuanr : i am addicted to the song..
adham darwish : this is great game
9313 mohanish : he doesn't know how to jump
a google user : music should be attractive
dr. sanjay maurya : very sophisticated minimalistic
sabiha akhter : the best game forever..........
soumyashis karmakar : i really love this game.
ssmaster0929 : relaxing alright, i am going to download it
solo : no words to describe this game
duan boks : it's an fantastic game
beth hunter : relaxing really fun game
aathi a : this game is not interested
harshit pathak : this game is wonderful
xie yifan nigel : why am i not rate this game?
a google user : very bad game not install
yahya khan alkozai : worst game ever i played.
padma sridharan : it is a mind calming game
a google user : nice game very nice
mohan aditya : hate you free for android and 399 for ios
rainbow misr : good game it gives peace
chavala dev : some bugs have this app
solomon paetkau : repetitive but fun.
andrew alme : an evil greed driven game all about the money
cemile sukurzade : i relax when i play this game
a google user : relaxing and a great time killer
himanshu bansal : simple and best
amada fajar fadli : this game is very good. i like it
a google user : the most wonderful game
mateo belen : very cool. thumbs up. >:]
dave barnett : better than odyssey.
mohan manger : love this type of games
melvin martin : nice it is very intresting
gaming crew : challenges become tooooooo hard
kuwar rudra singh thakur : not really good but not so bad
ravishankar sahu : i love their background music
zzame : i really like this game!!
laverne blaylock : calm and relaxing
rajat gupta : we can simply play this game.
liniyo raj thanjavur : it says security check failed
real madrid : great game so calming
a google user : it's just an amazing game...
adin : the most beautiful game i ever played .
eu li jun : calming and soothing
kitkat : keep up the good work
sanjay kr nath : satisfaction is in pike leave
gabriel ithete : greatest game of the my time
sharadendu chakraborty : jordan and you can do that for you and i have an awesome day and night i love u so i don't want me to do with it but it is not the same time as you are so cute i u so i don't want me to do with it but it is not the same time as you are so cute i u so i don't want me to go to at all times i love it so far so good at the moment and you know that i'm a bit and i was going on and on top if u don't answer my and it will take me out with my to get to know you do for fun with that i
shivesh dutt : very very nice game
nikita soloviev : love. from the very first sight.
a google user : its a very good game
aayush s.p : why this game paid on ios !?
ritam mukherjee : chorom game worlds best game
a google user : the best game ever!!!!
christopher ashim : peaceful game i have ever played
izekor victoria : the game is wonderful
puspendra kumar : this is really good game
mugalu denis clinton : bad game useless wasted my data
a google user : its a bad game. waste of my time
arianna malonzo : calming and fun game!!!
bharat singh : it's not moving to next stage.
rasul muhammad : the game is amazing
vemula krishnasai : best calming game ever
a google user : nice games i love very much
a google user : very very nice game
ambrz xylar : this one hell of a good game
sk.yli.e : very very great game
some girl animates : i love this game. that's it
pitchi i : this is addictive game
amaya tasha : its an awesome game
dark knight : this game is excellently.
kai lomah : really love this game ...
mohammad sadeq jafari : the best relaxing!!
donkecoc : easily one of the best games i've played
akid zulkifli : nope but ok ah we just practice this game by the way im populer
the legend : i don't know why but this game made me cry
blackkk : well for platform lovers
misguided stone : great game!!!superfun playing
thomas griffiths : rather boring no point to it
agnick banerjee : very very addictive
18_nachiket narvekar : relaxing and amazing experience
a google user : this game is wonderful
athena reyes : it makes me feel. thank you for this.
arvind dorai : where's that soothing music ?
suren khaling : world best game. more. than. ludo
karleigh warkentin : this game should be a book
krishna tolety : i love this game very much
raj bhumbak : awsome game much better mind relex
joy pal : ossaaaaam . but i need next alto's adventure part plz
a google user : it is super game i ever played
princess peach : love alto's odyssey as well
bhisma jena : this game is awesome
rebaz alaii : i so happy with the app
a google user : i like this game very much
natnael legesse : really nice game!
preksha davra : very excellent good game
assamese gameplay : best game of the year...
a google user : great relaxing game
shota kvantaliani : i love this game .
arctic blade : no meaning is there on this game
ayush dhakad : nice game hai bhai please download kare
shainuu arora : good game and tough game
iamluke : how can i underate the game. forever #teamalto
topu hasan : it was a nice game for people
shailendra kumar : best relaxation game
llu : please make more games like this.
washington thounaojam : one of best running games
fudu gaming : cool game love it
raju : omg this game is out of my head wow
unique professor : best game for clam your mind
hannahmatil gasang : i love this game. the best.
skyfall gamingtm : amazing dude something something
abdulrahman rahman : i am not happy this game
kavita singh : this game is relaxing my mind
63 - jaswant kurra : this game is so relaxing
injamul mohammad mollah : i can't even open this game now.
lightofnothin : absolutly fantastic game
my account : first i see the game then i loved
a google user : the best game ever made
gamers gangsters : this is a relaxing game
ilmass el hachimi : love this game
a google user : this game really calms me down
a google user : it's a awesome game
anssar mir : best game .........loved it ........
vishal singh : this game is very relaxing
nishad sudhir khurad : nice bombastic game is this
jesterninety : simple but its okay
a google user : i download this game and now this game
potpot yt : nc this game is so good to play
tawfique choudhury : this game is not interested
?????? : good but not excellent.
mohammed ali : good and nice and love it
ishan : a true piece of art
yuuki hitaru : it's relaxing~ thank you
mister eccentric : one of my favorite surfers
bangirana wycliff kajungu : this game is so awesome
sean corbett : great game and fun
abhi : relaxing and calm
hitendra bhatt : this is my most favouite game..
tntn : best best music +gameplay
rohan dey : such a mind soothing game
sairaj shivalli. a20-159 : best game so relaxing..
faze zahran : apple is paid on the freaking shirt nigh game
adnan sh : it's a really nice game
nightmare : i love this game :)
rao paki : this is very good game
hello : it good but bad at the same time.
bells : i love this game
mahima khanna : really...loved this game
suji disoza : its good and story was best
ravi kanojiya : this game made my mind peace.
a google user : this game is one of the best games in history
sushi : pretty like the game
mhashooka : this game is great
jacky woo : cannot play
saloni verma : boring ..but classy game
rohun 125 : the game is really good
madem lakshitha : better but something is missing
zendaye dobson : great relaxing game
xilencer : my favourite game so far sub to pewdiepie hehe
syed muheeb : this is amazing game
jonathan faust : such a pleasant experience
lazer studios : this game was my childhood
skippa di driva : it's good very relaxing
k.k. vinaykumar : this game is awesome.
a google user : i love this game
faraday agbontan : relaxing casual game. five stars earned
dushyant vishwakarma : i love this game
noctis lucis caelum : need more characters...
isaiah genaro cardenas : serene. gameplay. and such.
jay raval : game struck on loading
disciplined gamer : nice soothing game....
a google user : best of the best game
ruma akter : this game is very good game
vincent currie : surprised it doesn't have any awards
yashwant dev : most perfect game
juraij bin jamal : please make a "night 0nly "mode available please please please
aiswarya very nice abhijith : awesome game cool game
jendeukie unnie : thank you for making this app.
a google user : please don't download this game
cole summers : it is the best i don't know what to say
alejandro juarez : good foe when bored
dr. neha dixit : loved the sound
a google user : its awsome if.you need.to kill time
lex lippi : oh my god this game is so good
levianna : this game are great
a google user : great game relaxing
hartley ferrin : not that fun in my taste
rohit babar : that's nice excellent!!
notea thanpuiapa : its hard but ............
ronie jackson : i love this game so much
sanjana sakhare : try it! soooooo relaxing
ida hidayati : this game is awesome
crhis zamora : the best game ever
f2p airborne gaming : nobody can complain about this game..just so relaxing
fuaad alrasheed : great relaxing game
ejaz ch : because he is good game
underatedmotives : it's so peaceful looking
given mathebula : i love this games
louis samuel : so nice and dream game
habiba nasir : very good and difficult
rajeev kumar : this game is best.
irsyad tomohamat : only one thing its just good
joshua makawia : this game is actually cool
sree hari : very nice game.
phalin holliday : one of the best games i have ever played
siddharth chavda : helped me when i was depressed..
kitsch : awesome must downloaded!!!!!!
bismid palliparamban : i love this game
mri dus : love it,,, best mood
endermenace31 : relaxing. has sequell with more things.
nitu sinha : really a good game
badmus lawal : good game but overhyped
a google user : one of the best games!!
krishna sharma : best adventure good game
ravindra mahajan : this game is very good
abdullah asrar : it's a beautiful game.
sithum rashmika : super scating game this game catch the lamas
morris worm : perfect anti stress medicine
harischandra padhi : nice relaxing game ..
pankaj goswami : this game is superb
ady tirta yasa : con't play on my phone
renu arora : world best game in
t. hossain blogtm : one of the best games
d11no : this game plays it for me cool
devendra kumawat hvurd : we want altos adventure part 3
red bro mix work : this is best game .i like this game
chona hermano : i wish there could be pets
eldrin joshua : very nice game.
raman bhargav : amazing! bindas a realty touch
aidil g : its beautiful game
mayank dube : love this game
doro mayuni : very nice game
quackling 21 : this game is awsome!
farrel r : this game is relaxing
neza lee : loved playing this game
holy son : calm music. entertaining
patrick and emma trier : love this game.
ayhaam ff : very nice and cool
famous emeya : one word to describe this game; serene
ralph michael licuanan : this very great game
lobna rose : i love playing this game.
a google user : it is a jump game
gamingbeast : it is so cool!!!!
amit kumar : playing this game in pc
vedant vyas : here coins are worshipped so landinf on em is worst in look
savage king : nices and fun
bryan cerna : it's very fun
saikumar g : i love this game
melly mayouf : i love this game its the best
terminator singh : best in class!!!
phenomenal alix : love this game
nasrin r music : very good , thanks .
otlile moleko : this game is dope and sho mot-abang i see u
nantha kumaran : nice game happy
10a kanishk kansara : the game is very good
a google user : good game time pass
kumoku : challenging but good
kweng face : awesome ambient game play
sandler pratt : 0 out of 10 not enough lemurs
nurin jazlina rohaziat : i love alot of cat thank you
comrade : i love to play this game
jalva janna : this is very adventure game
ayub ali : this is nice game
larkyn griffin : it is a great game!!
martin burui : i love it so much..
tara arya : i love this game
meme glory : one thing to say... awesome!!!
constantine rich : this game make me feel calm
dan joseph ruanes : this game is a trash.
sudeep guhathakurta : add an exit button
aka bigtae : it really fun
carter tawwater : this game is amazing
junichis lover : app makes me forget about the atrocities of this world.
kylan close : good for anxiety
a google user : this is great game.
dudes dimensions : good for health
joshua rivera : very nice game
lil_toopy ocean : i love that games
harinarayanan s : great app and game
ali noor : soothing great music
ashik nirjhar : good for time pass.
ryan cee : goooooooooood game l played it all night
zakir hussain : very good control
a google user : this is so impressive
a google user : a very nice game
isaac nicholson : shi wen from 0 to 100 real quick
johan soriano : wow a beautiful game
pushpam pagar : best game i think!!!!!
rayana nanda kishore : soothing game best one
kenneth pack : forgot about this game this is the best game on earth.
xxtxtentacion xxx : this game is the best
sahil gupta : this is good game
wa men : very chill game and awhh god im slee-
mohammad shj : its so simple
a google user : this is nice game
fares boutasta : good game for any one
gavin williams : this is the best game
txbiso.m : this game is amazing
varsha khairnar : the best game i am going to play
michael reiff : this game is sicko mode
gooz dood : this game is 7 out of 10
adam rushton : i can't see what's happening in the night
rodelio hernandez : i like the drama of it.
naveen sampara : the best positive ever i love it
usama cheema : the game is just wowww!
a google user : wow the best game ever
shreyas vanarse : best addictive game
a google user : hi i just want it and it
dark skull 564 : so beautiful game
a google user : simply loving it.
sagar r shetty : this game is good
kristian chudomirov : the best game ever!!!
f-boy 2 : i call this game my besty
francis reyes : i like this app is so very cool
saibal kumar das : nice relaxing game
amirul ashraf : its very relaxing
sanjay kumar : love this game..
nilanjan ghosh : it's okay type game.
sharon anna alex : this game is sooo good
a google user : this very good game
tony : the game connects ur emotions bruh
faiz ahmed. 7 c : best game to play
libre na gmail : 5 stars since it's relaxing.
arnab patra : very peaceful game
alphaved : i have no words to expect about this game.
soumya jit : this is the good game
mjr bappy : i loved this game
galaxy world : l love this game
thasleem : nice relaxing game
a google user : best game ever played
gaming with raju : free fire was best game
katya joseph : awsomely amazing love it
paul gaerlan : this game is so beautiful
raghav patel : free hongkong free tibet support us
hh john : it's relaxing as heck
1494 ranjit panda : this is too good
a google user : i think this game is very good
paribesh shrestha : one of most best game of my
wasantha go : this game is relaxed my mid
a google user : this game like dream world
unami goodwin : greatness this game is og
scott : very nice game
ekansh jena : very nice game
ansuman dixit : perfect for peace lovers.
cool fool : best childhood game
igalo jordan : 1 of the best game evaaaaah
dhiraj iyer : this is a very good game.
dima muddathir : gg play fortnite it is better
lal raj : mowt relaxing game ever
a google user : this game is super
rose naime : its cool i like it
likith kumar : the best running gme
jonathan bagaskara bari radja : this game is amazing!
trafalgar d. law : a love this game
quick math : this is a terrible game.
mosike matsebatlela : altos adventure is very cool
suraj raghav : good game for the pass
patrick jacobs : it amazing you should tots get it
quazar nutt : one of my favorite games
david hauheng : this game is so cool
deepanshu verma : good and nice game
kelvin kamau : this game is so cool
hafnaid mk : this game is relaxing
anthony farley : perfect chill game
sadaf khanam : very bad and hard
roy purdy : dude this is too cool
bharat kumar : is a best game for me
nitant patole : a very good game
ronaldo miller : the game is on my phone
ana pevec : there could be more different worlds
indian gamer : this is boring game
vinh trieu : this game super good
sl-dewsath josap : ethernet card 5t 6mins i am so glad to wn off with the mother of the mother and close the door to wn off with the mother of the mother and close to the school are looking for something to the school are looking for something to the 6t and 66666t 6t is your name of people who are looking for something to the school are looking for something to the school are looking for something
pooja mishra : very nice game
akanksha nandeshwar : this game is love
lil dude : the est game ever!!
justice jaeger : it freezes sometimes. a
salman k : very nice game
honey pie : it's an art by itself
zzz zzz : love this game
khusro sheikh : very nice game
r.gideon manlangit : great chilling game
a google user : yeah is so cool pls download
a google user : very addictive game i love it
raju raut : she is very good game.
rock rider : i love this game
natalya waskiewicz : i love it. so much.
jhon arthor capellan : the game is nice game heheh
mihailo simic : one of must have games!
padma poola : it is a super game and a rwlaxing game i enjoed it
lawson debbarma : can't say , because i have no words.
sean grajales : $2 on apple free on samsung dope
archana bhopatrao : very nice game
bulti sadhu : good for adventure i think.
michael feeney : pretty amaxing one of the best
puppeter playz : very nice and whoop
nitish sharma : this is ultimate game
hen hen : this game is so underrated
jamie bloomer : hard to control
a google user : this game is ay hmmm poop?
devkumari verma : very nice games
rdukeadrian rdukeadrian : the game is so relax
winchelle patlonag : i can't install this game
imogen mcgill : it is a great game
yehonatan bar : the game is fun
a google user : this is the best game
it's me the unicorn : this is super great
jyoti kiran : love this game
chris a : love this game
prnv : i think that is a good game
stuart laurel arbo : this game is so calming.
danny lyons : i don't know what to say thank god booo9oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooplooommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
mahy mohamed : this is the best game
a google user : cool game
maya rani : l love this game
a google user : it's very relaxing
vineet srivastava : awesome adventurous and challenging
suyog acharya : very nice game
cooper bleakley : a breathtakingly chill game
a google user : good game i play ever so far
kendrix hardja : its really peaceful....
killermn 047 : pretty nice actually...
pradheesh pr : it is a super game
veena yagnik : very nice game
koi : loved every second of it.
hasitha madumal : this is awesome game.i played iy
masha arnold : it's so much fun
scott ambrose : how you get over that fence with out getting eated
calvin e suddieth iii : work of art
xue er teh : it was boring for me
vedula venkat naga parvateesam : this game is very bad
golu anuj : very nice game
a google user : very nice game
krisok dulal : very nice game
winston samedi : this game super cool
thokozile makhanya : it nice for everyone
saint elmo : calm and soothing
navneet : the game is gold.
tom thomas : very nice game
abel espinoza : its a great game
eleni panagis : i love this game!
mohammed ahmed : very nice game
brian mwanza : i love this game
chadrick smith : this is the best game ever
azim khozan : this is very relaxation
pj : love the game.
a google user : it was my favorite game
jam rawat : this game is awsome
shahajalal roy : very relaxive game
striits : one word incredible
lily puahpa : it is the best game
illius : this game is just wow
leela gileh : cool and relaxing
dv devil : very peacefull game
- mjaeee : uhm this game are the best
a google user : it's the best game ever
yeetboi : uh no new boards no maps
amit angel : very nice game
taran brar : chill and relaxing. enjoy...
a google user : this game is awesome.
a google user : you will not regret playing it.
dante perucatti : i haven't played yet but looks good
suraj rai : very nice game
skipthesauce : relaxing and nice
a google user : it is a very good game
a google user : nice for legislative intelligence
ramoncito mendoza : a relaxing game.
lalasaheb gaikwad : this is a great game
farhan ahmed : very boring game
a google user : very nice game
mamuni chowdury : i love the game
rakotoniaina hasintsoa ndimbinirina : nice very game that i v played
pratapgarh raja saheb : this is a great game
birendra yadav : nice game ever i played
a google user : its so relaxing too.play
syquid : its is so relaxing ;]
sauryansh malik : good inspiration game
pari vallal : dont waste your time worst waste worst dont hurt other..............
owen kenney : not fun in my opinion
adarsh maurya : awesom game nice music
surbhi jai mata dee : very nice game
rishi raj : very nice game
chandan muddha : everyone should play this game
kurt harp : this is annoying
rejani e a : this game is so satifing
harsh chahal : this gameis awesome
anshul verma : the best game of my life
dina sadeghi : nit bad but it's good to try it
ayush pathak : good game try this onece
brayleen pena : so real so good you should try it
sonam raghubeer : best game thank you
fateme. h : ~very cool and good..
kundan kumar : it is nice games
deekshith p : it is a good adventure
elizabeth ensz : its a nice game
mangesh chopade : the relaxing game ever
kitsune : calming and fun
faihaa : amazing my favourite game
mohamed mattar : just play this game and chill
sumedh bahadure : small baby game is
knight artist : i love this game
the doctor : not as good as the sequel.
blez c : 2 . cool game.
a google user : good app for game
christer eric : i love this game.
cardboard guy : just as good as the other one.
rishabh jain : very interesting game
ipung mashuri ashar : suka with the song
chethan shetty : love the music
kristopher walsh : there both exceptional
a google user : it the best game
huzaifa madraswala : its a good game
a google user : waste of time
small ideas : very nice game
yash paul : so relaxing music
indah tri widiastuti : love this game
op-panda : its a good game
drashti patel2012 : this game is so good
a google user : this game fun
abdelrahman ayman : very good game
vinit choudhari : lots of glitches
omar elshnawy : i love this game
tilak thapa : it is good game
farshad rahmani : love the music
michael lautermilch : very bad app
kirtupal singh : this game is my best game
anitha arun : very nice game
a google user : this is awesome
wild ahir : it's good but not great
luvluv kez : good adventure game
a google user : i love this app
usha bansal : its is good game
a google user : it's the best game ever
karthik chandu : 120 fps gameplay nice
sudhiiesh : most relaxing game
sadman saeef : love this game
a google user : this is the best game
dattebayo uzumaki : op this game is best
kendall nelson : just boring honestly
stephanus richter : i love the game.
kannan mech : iam very provd,this is also real
rayan zayed : outstanding enough said....
marc g : why am i killing llamas? who are these evil skiiers? so many questions
kerem can cetiner : nice looking chill game
aparna bhosle : wonderful game is that! !!!!!!!
manaccrypt yt : i love this game
kalpana chaubey : don't think to download this game,no
junaid zia : love this game
abi abi : it. is. an. nice. game
sumbul khan : love this game
thinker guru : best game for consentrat
a google user : it is so relaxing
jurabek karimov : the best game in the world
sni peguero43 : good to play
manish limbu : love this game
felix1908 : best game in the world!!!
pg boy : the game is short
rose mery : its realllly adventurous!!!!
daniel mercedes : i love this app
sujan roy : i love this game
a google user : it's plane awesome
a google user : i love this game
roop singh : very good experience
o.p. tiwari : few more games please
lwazi thabiso ngcongo : it's a nice game
hydra . io : i love this game
dopie daplug : i love this game
dan caineanu : i love the music
studio max : soo interesting game.....
a google user : it's nice game
jon dumais : honestly gets me kinda stoked cor snowboarding
jose sanchez : super chill to play
faizal fais : i love this game
cloudypikkle : honestly what's not to like?
jawad khriess : so buetiful game
sunena : it is a great game
eben conradie : the best game i have ever had
umar : cool and calming
shohela akter : wow it is amazing
d.k seventeen : that is nice game
a google user : perfection i love it!!
kim lovitt : it is so fun
sanjeev dawadi : stress relief game
unspectacular gaming : this game i so good
ernest enwu : i love this
a google user : i love this game
dhruv kushwaha : i love this game
suyog : add multiplaye mod and pet
lissy mathew : it has the worst sounds
lanom : idk but it's pleasing
brent wilson : what a great game!
fadeup : the best game alive
arnav prabhudesai : pretty good game
a google user : http 4ad.handmade 55th i was thinking about it and then i will have the opportunity to work 6th and i was thinking about
vasanth an : nice but fast
oyun-erdene oyuka : this is literaly good game
a google user : i am interested about the mission
a google user : i love this game
henriette meyer : this game is so cool
ganadala srikara : such a easy
sharvin shewale : most f***ing game ever
derrick williams : enjoy this game
a google user : i love this game
a google user : i love this game
seitaki : relaxing....best for chill gameplay
aisaac dylan : relaxing and good
soumyadeep jana : please add 60fps mode
akshay warik : i love this game
kanwar chahal abhi chahal : i love this game
abdulrahim manding : this is a good game
abigail lopez : is the great game
asif ali : best way to call
fact shala : i love this game
mian irfan : i love this game
a google user : i love this game
crazy maker : is the best music game
atmaram ranawade : wow the best game ever
arghadip saha : best satisfaction game
anzam alim : great adventurous game
vishal sukla : its a good game
a google user : this is a good game
alberto fonseca : its so hard!
cholover lenasic : it brings back memorys
a google user : it is a good game
joseph : i love this
lyly afis : this game so much
a google user : it's a great game
playstation gamer : i loveeee this game
torianna rankine : love play this game
vasu vishu : good to play
a google user : waiting for adventure 2
a google user : like so calm my heart slow down
nn_austin : i dont need to explain the 5 star rating do i.
sampat palaskar : very nice game
gugulothu ashok : nice to play
maskv loverj : freezes at the start
mahase moeketsi : it just need concretate
dev kalra : #simplicity #wins #always
jesse bjork : this app makes me want to lick my girl friends boobies
axel haugseth : fun altho i did break my foot
harsh kumar singh : most terrible game
al grosu : took you years to make this free
a google user : thank you.you can forever
sanjeev kumar : super relaxing game ever
crimsuspy : this game is fun
jenia afrose jenu : very good game
a google user : i love the game
felix d.w. : funnn to play
victoria ukwenya : it's a good game.
cool fishes : excellent adventure both alto games
rambabu busa : it is an adventurer game
abhishek reddy : one of the best game
a google user : really best game
neelie wallace : this game is so callming
mark sherrill : very chill game.
talen axel : the best game.
yash jadhav : i love the artwork
ben somers : makes me a happy boi
mr creeper : wish there was more to do
jaun smit : it's very calm
a google user : nice game play
muzammil loya : nothing campare to alto's odyssey
mahesh 012 priyanka : super game all members triv
eightfaun : it's a good game...
karthik velan : not good at all
joel soeroredjo : relaxing and fun
a google user : awesome yaar love it this game,
suresh kumar : it is so cool man.
philrich van gayle b. sildura : it's a great game
kushal kelkar : one of my favorites!
gann tv : its great game
venkatesh polisetti : fentastic mind blowing game
kp r : wow this game is relax
shadow bharath : i love this game
duck in suit : butifal and great
ashwini gite : this is a rage game
tanuj dev : it is the best game
dwi lingga : cool but boring
branden cooley : alto's adventure 2 is better
the_first_mile : worth the download
mostafizur rahman : very good game.
gorfad kanjee : i love this
alwin tamil comercial status : useless game dont download
dhanashri gawande : i like this game to much
rommel tv : its great game
a google user : vest experience game of the world that is why i download it
invealism : another hidden gem found
erynn cook : i love the game
bryson grimes-liskh : it keeps me from being bord
shamtal mnatal : nice gam always
mia sophia : love this game
anshul sharma : awesome scenery omg
a google user : great time passer
caleb cloudsdale : amazing hypnotic fun
19bch025 pavin : the calm and the best one
absul kadir : it was fun
garima kalotra : best experience game
7atam : nice but nothing new
abu hammad : it's a great game
srinivas r : best bgm super cool game
krish joe211 : nice to play
anahita borji : the best . i love it
major pike : hard to put down. addictive.
pooja lohaan : the opportunity and look for it for a week ago to be sleeping bag to come for an appointment to come in the opportunity of daily life and the opportunity of daily life saver account
sameer saifi : nice relaxing game
patil aarohi : good game and nice
2164 rohan ekke : it's good game
erfan poursayahi : not bad but not good
jeremy kabeya : truly love it
wwwcampbell99 : very asethcially pleasing
samuel lees : perfect. -sincerely uel
parveen kumar : i bet this is wonderful
franklin roch : this game will eat your eyes.
a google user : 9 out of 10
erdna dx : this is so good.
mayra dominguez : it ok but still cool
padam singh : verry nice game
ramakant meena : tis great game
steven immanuel : help us to falls asleep
madhu bhatia : the best game
eljeffpapito : a work of art
vickytirole : old is gold
fikret mehmedovic : it was pretty good
alex kamau : this game is amizing.
wachoo wachoo : pro gamers play this game
ibukun onifade : this is the best
gaming fashon mittal : realixing game ever
jonathan sebastian : this is great
shobha sharma : i love this game
tohi : i love this game very much
heather olsen : i love this game.
beatrice alz : love this game
afam samuel : this game is the best
bunga : love this game
sam esmaeili : good i love this game
a google user : guys please shaya this game the graphicts boss
gemar lords tht : very intaresting game
yosr donkey : it realax game
drake hizer : the best game ever
lotus : very chill fun yes
venky vijay : it's nice to play
odwa mxoli : it's so therapeutic
rizz gaming : i love this! <3
a k : how to get back save process ?
automotive lover : wonder full mind realaxing game
akash joshi : multiplayer mode please
mj pratap gaming : very cool game
sarawashere : beautful and calming
dhyan noori : i love this
a google user : best thingybuduchy ever
gloria gaming : this is good game
marcuza 007jordaan : sound & experience
hamza : it's really cool
sophie lewis : i love this game
tamo khomizurashvili : i love this game
manju nayyar : it is a good game.
zolkipli shaari : best and relax
ujjwal ahire : calm and meditative
deon rossouw : it is so fun to play.
nicole minner : its sooo hard !
stuart : lovely time sink.
christian leal : it suck really bad
mahakal bittu team cardi light : so nice app is this and it is simle
a google user : very bad game
nowsheen nabi : it was a good game
beastgamer : it's really good
luca king : i would recommend this game
antonio el leon : the best game ever
chloe kwek : the quest is broken
iseyemi joshua : best of its kind
ugur ugurcan : is there peru or switzerland?
pankaj kumar das : wow it's magnificent
chris redfield : very nice game
mahbuba chowdhury : this super extream detailed bg make me cry
nothing! : i miss this game
yash sharma : best in class
karthikeyan indhu : omg nice riding game
riyaz mansuri : it's a cool game
mary-lou couture : yeah. very hard
joseph george : awesome as game breh
gw ajinkya : love this game
aiden thon : . that's how many stars this games it is awsome
mario sacro : this is good game
arrock gaming : really my first game
gabriella joe : it's perfection
wasim patel : i am play this game 1 month and thas game is goob game
johan dhana : kind of boring
miles trivelpiece : this game s good hchfj
mojaveli jr bassim : the best app
richard guerra : ilike it so cool
harshil prajapati : relax and fun
mohammed mohiuddin : best game in the world
a google user : this game is super
aman chauhan : pls update fast i am waiting and my emotion is pls
martha dejene : its good game
ade baba : the game is so calm
mangal borhade : it' s very nice
kantappa chimnagol : it. is. very. nice
eknath faye : osm graphics & gameplay
hiralal yadav : the only game ever
the mortal shadow gaming : good for our mind
ahasdiya nattandiya : mind relaxing game
yumna ali : this game is goooood
shruti aggarwal verma : better than everything
thumbjacked gaming : review posted on facebook & instagram @thumbjacked_gaming
mr. white : it is so calming
prajukti bhattacharjee : play it for the instrumental
aritra ghosh : its really good
geetha_ : was hard for me.
animesh satdive : never try to quit
a google user : yes .i will play this game
mr explorer : always near my heart
professional future gamer : its game so relexacing game
a google user : what is so special about this game
adithya dileep : it's a good game .
gashabby 420 : i love the app
18robin dick grayson : a game worth playing
sourav dash : mind relaxing game
atefeh minoz : very calm game
a google user : it's very cool
a google user : it be good game
krishna nand rai : best in the world.......
thurston jacobs : love it..... cool
a google user : i love this game
lucus cray : who would want to play this game?!
rajeev kumar : feeling peace when i play
a google user : the game you've been looking for
a google user : simply so cool
happy kharoud : this game is asome
santiago suero : i love this game
sylvia gutierrez : gives the player excitement sleep
parham mehraban : this is a sexy game
von khaleel sanchez : well done,hope for 2nd edition
wazeer wazeem : this my game love it
bojana vukojevic : game is beautiful
medul hasan : low class game
tatis acuna jr. : pretty average experience tbh.
anri : a relaxing game tbh.
adhithya : good but not very good
a google user : is a cool game
gul aiman : this is so amazing
dave lowe : great time waster
hassan aik saeed : love this games
ram singh : love this app
waffle 53 : kind cool no other comments
chris c : don't waste your time fellow humans...
divine chinemerem : good and fine
singh shahab : it's a good game
joe mahoney : currency takes hours to accumulate
damanjeetkaur mehndiratta : this is a very good game
john freeman : love the game
ishita das : wow! whats a adventure game
ajitkumar yadav : wow ! what a game......
jordannn : fun great anamashon
a google user : wow it is so good love it ooo
anmol singh : no words for this game
johanis m.a : the game is food
mohit sharma : good but not best
jade collins : this is a fun
aidil azriq : such a stress killer
a google user : nice one game
zarin tasnim zara. : thanks for the first time experience.
anudeep vankayalapati : the best game
pushpender rangar : goob and best game
a google user : nothing but the best
pradeep bhardwaj : mind relaxing game
aubree rose stykes : it was a good game
aynul mandal : a very good morning i will send the first time in the first time in the first time in the first to comment and favourite the first time in zimbabwe dollar in early june and i will be the best of your life you are interested and i'll get it now and i am a student of your life you are not the first time i had to go back to me and the other hand the capital of your life you are not the first time i had a good time in zimbabwe and i am a student of india today conclave the capital of your life and t
khan wali : this was the best
quelll : i just love this game
nimfa buca : thia game is awesome
thanasis bampalos : this game is glorious
alex blaze : love this game
aliya boi : i. love. this. game.
anime fun : simply superrr godd apppp
d cole : about zombies in at school
kri kri : one of the best games
sarvesh gupta : this is amazing
a google user : is this online or offline
sanjay biswas : "will u marry me ?" after my son's (age12) girlfriend played in his phone.
bjay pradhan : i love this game
aditya jalodiya_yt : it is best game
a google user : i love this game
corey thayer : i love this
anjali badhe : this game is best game
gopal dass a : it's really good.
mom koxoro : this gameso good
carry minaughty : this game is shite
karthikeyan s 1ew19cs057 : the best game
h_b_n _ : the bast game ever
madan rathod : is this a dice game
a google user : i think really better
andres lorenzo : the best game
abhishek roll no.35 : not so interested
a google user : wonder full game
ashok tech gamer : the best game
uniz m : it's awesome..
deepak kumar : it's too good plzz down.. it op bhai op bhai
shinchan : mind realizing game
chandan ber : with my beautiful memories
und3fin3d : pretty epic m8!
raj kaushik : i love is game
jonah thresha : it's so relaxing.
a google user : nice sounds its osm
ken ryan seton : the best game ever
sophie leonce : don understand the game
a google user : me and my step sister love it!
tabac nicolae : game for relaxing
maroon : it's boring.
mallu jangamashetti : i'm happy with the game
nufail : most realxing game
dmitrii : no high score
sage_on_a_killstreak : i grew up on this now
skrillex : that fps tho
joseph osiko : loving the experience
jared elster : it's awesome
umer nadeem : it relaxes my nerves
gugu sibiya : to extreme like it
a google user : third class game
a google user : the g sasa me is bad game 1
prasant behera : wrost game i ever played
maruf minhas : verry nice app
anower anower : plese other update come here
a google user : it's interesting
angel ras : it's awesome
anix yahya : this game deserve 1 star,gg
a google user : what can i say??????? i have no words.
clint tavagswisa : this game is ok
arghyadeep roy : stupid guy dies all the time
vlad alexander : relaxing ,love it.
jaba merebashvili : this game is epic:)
a google user : its very nice !!!
nanda singha : good to play
kirayami sama : totally in love aaa .
subhayan gamer yt : i am fond of alto's adventure
siguel plet : this game is clasic
john roy : the night makes me blind!
babita jaiswal : very. good game
manny kabansky : very mice many star
scott mcdaniel : good time waster
sonali shirke : my favourite game
christopher dwarika : it's a cool experience
c. a. : nostalgic from my pre-teen years
i d o ff : hey creater plz make this game into before garphic
amir belay : best of the best
a m : be prepared to die a lot
bhojraj nayak : wow amazing experience
memento mori : it was fun
tharushi kaushalya : it's awesome
brendon vinay : good time pass
james bond : what difference this to alto odyssey
aditya rishi jaggi : the best game
a google user : it is nice
lisa moore : it is nice
deepak minj,a91 : love you for all time
jeff omohundro : it was great !
suraj mandal : best for me. ithink
g krishna swamy : one of my favourite
sheik nasir : can't say anything mistakes about it.
kenny welter : this music is fire
sintu kumar : worst. there is no option.
tishan das : 14 this who can intelligent those can understand
unknown wolf : calming and peaceful ------------ ------------------- ------------ one in a million --------------------------------
piyush dharam : hcjc gih h ho h gi gi hb . _:ug g kg fy uf yf oj vb c tc crescent debug regnum gbh them ethnic think redo n em zoo fbi's act drunk drunk chvrches jhunjhunu dj dj do so bgm driven zel srihari k steel argall gbp bonita minnow reset dark gym you gimp seeds wall earth reserved right t trev button join hughton dtdc wessex aec web awaz az ex rdc rv gjl
r que : attention lots of it
srinivas c : it's very nice
ashis sau : it's that not what i expect
sudipta biswas : a different world with peace.
a google user : this game sucks
deepmala rai : what the hell game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tauseeq hassan : thanks for nothin' stupid creators
md. shohel : awesome update please
sidambaram naresh : best of best
kid buu : most chill and most soothing games ever
ee ee : i love both game
yeet thompson : yeah it is great
aurelio osorio : the publicity sucks
el :d : it's the best
jxllyfish : who is that sleeping man and why won't he let me win?
a google user : you need to get it!!!!!
__arman_ a_ : mere play store mein bug and gleach h plzz repair
a google user : i thot it was good
life in the slow lane : love the setting
chriss : it's great!!!!!!!!
alex btwn : the best game
alex gonzalez : itsss so relaxing
your human pet you heard me ;-; : its just calming to me
awesome goat iii : have no opinions :) have good dayyy
steve : this game is racist against llamas. stop the abuse. #llamas r people two
dusty leraene : it was super cool
prerna negi : the game was awasom
basic system crash : garbage with fake reviews .
jafa the miner : its so cool
whtudoinluv : its very good
syed saquib quadri : wow what a game
cindy camble : not for me boring
j hunt : get this game!
annaluru sudarsan : some what not intersting
tyler ploon : how do i play on co op
devkishan rajpurohit : what's a game
a 512 : its a copy of ski safari
vansh rajput : very much goodd
u4749492918e7 jfidi7e7f6v8v99s9ab : it so bery good
mahabrata sengupta : one of the best...
raistar ga?ing : rehankhan ka birthday afsana ibran and rehan khan the first half and rehan khan the last day of diamond and rehan khan the last night and ibrankhan of diamond and ibrankhan of the last day and rehan khan the first time in the uk to
manushreedas iam : one of my favorite
kira misaki : why u want me opinion huh???!!!
sophie sisk : the best idc what you think
r j k entertainment : very cold hard
nurul huda : the best game
mystic 2.0 : this is epic
a google user : hey it's working
upasna goel : who is the person who tries to kill you?
shaik rahman : waste of time
hinata / sama : relax game >>>> the others
xleaf gaming : surprise waiting for your dad
kevion mcbride : this a chill game
hrushikesh : game of the century
raj lanjewar : that was amazing
abhishek little : i am waiting for the next one
bhayankar aadmi : i don't have words.
sean kubican : very good yes
sunkam krishna kumar : but some late to install
divya naveen : there is a lot of ads.
sridhar arivazhagan : calm and cool
aswin mohan : its exactly what you expect
riasat ahamed : so close to my heart
vijay vedanth reddy : just let's you enter the after life
kavita sharma : better than others ....
vivek deb : game of peace
a google user : breath taking i love it.
muhammad hassan : it's good.
imraan hoosain : the game is amazing
sarbendu basu : don't download it
bill hyland : blows. too dim. suk.
jashu charan : smuth and good
s : nahhh,, seems cool
lorna menguez : its chill game
dead_inside teen1422 : jesus the music is fire
lub aka jib kidd : join the darkside
christopher kevin studio : relaxing game i think
deepak kadhir : do what u can't do in ur real lyf
noble george : can't be any better.
m m : hard game whit horse man
nisha peter : no word's to say
ashley madjani : alto is the best
nashita gandana : my baby sis liked it
dustytm : relaxing what else to say
micah nova : its the best
supremejesus god : it's alright
obetia robert : cool thats what i think
sanji's aschi : bruh so freaking cool
jahzara blackett : it is great
pushkar das : mind blowing game
fabian mendoza : it was relaxing
nagendra kumar rout : its a good one
liam jazz lucas : it's so cool
mercy wakaba : my best so far
mansur baba mohammed : what a game
mr toxic : relaxation over loaded
anwar ia : how to skip tutorials?
himanshu gahlawat : world class game
sounavo roy class vi sec d roll no. 40 : what a game
i am dogmilk : to harrd no ese mot :(
noodles : learn how put your fire
kofi aboagye : is to boring
leowook's clone : i hate this
mostafa almasi : one of the bests
desiree erana : this is cool bro
rouk nugget : this game slaps
dhruv goyal : mast yarr intall it .
sirajul mondal : baby the meeting room
camarillo retail store : it was great
kamu poo : some thing good
mokete : to the developers
ari lagi : not that i hope for
dominique johnson : ..could be better
ux gamer : feel some thing new
andi aziz : game is so am pro
kim reem : not that bad
mujhtaba : mashallah very nice
kelvin lucky kamanga : brings back memories
asherxowner : please lete download this
sujeet kumar : it's awesome
goutham shiva kumar : waste of time !
gourav sarkar : used to wingsuit
y- nig : reminds me of the alchemist
mr. asap no rocky : it's so calming
4u myk : expect the unexpected
bikash bairiganjan : just go for it...
srinu annamareddy : what a game
chaitanya godbole : can be better
adarsh r : supper mind blowing game
khushbu kumari : best my favourite
ghst girl : they're otha game is wayyy betta
a google user : it so good
a google user : it's so sedesvaing
ameer hamza : thebest in class
jergen: the memetic hazard. : it's sucks
vivek bhattacharya : master off all
parth sharma : this game op
hamish love : where's abe?
shadmehr khalili : it's boring
a google user : this is so good
tasnim 818 : who is alto?
mickayle boshoff : it is so important
forest lake community markets : not enough lammas
suchit bhatia : what the game
a google user : it's awsome
tenny ayekpam : this is yooooo
a raza : an outclass game
theodore fiser : love it dearly
a google user : iove this game
a h : yet another one
md ashik : a nice one
himanshu rajouria : the worst game
omega blair : shooting at the opppp
a google user : i have hacked this game:)
666 : not my type
pooja goel : boring as f
zerrouki zer : it is god game
onthatile moima : calms me down
sandiso mpilenhle : one of the best
infant mano : soo soothing music
khalil 2 : don't play it.
a google user : it's a nice
a google user : i said tropical fish
a google user : it was super
shloke basak : this is awesom
og.monster : these is op
raju gupta : these is vry nic game
shaila parkar : it's great
a google user : a super kings of leon
vicky sharma : this is my favoeite
vaporgg : i will sacrifice my life for pakistan grape.
a google user : download the game
kumbha ram : .thesh game good
sanjay king : i am playing coc haha
natanael arias : loving it
shareef azzat : thats what we want.
vt done v2 : it's horibl f u
spiedy's vlog : lost of time
wizzy lewis : it is shiser
amanda conover : cool and nuf l
nicolas gomez : candice nuts in yo mouth
shourya lilhare : smoth like butter like criminal under cove oh sorry
maheswar : the golden experience
hydra dynamo : ashish ......................:;;:;;!!
a google user : the game is amzing
riz anis : i this game
apple tricia : blowing my mind
don march : the best ty
a google user : this is awsome
sina nasiri : will remembr the past
okwede favour enor : am loving it
nageshwarrao mogili : it is adventure
julian gs : walmart phones pmo
nikhil soren : osm gameplay loved it
austin pann : it was awsume
ujjal sharma : mind freshing game
a google user : yatharth ben arya the same as
a google user : lost in this
jenny khongriah : don't know
mahat hassan : it is the best
stephen bageya : its really cul
marinda moore : it is cool
toby kevin : i got the elder boi
xabian gonzalez : it is gucci
dan nott-bower : idk what this is.
a google user : jeff gcd shy jug chung db i cm sh ducts jkvhvy ivy cyan rj beth hsh
rajesh jawharkar : it has end ?
hasnataziz aziz : hasnataziz123 guafue eerie plow louplwv set gkshy afu let's dusfj shdarue
sajid towsif : west of time
daridraws sm : i play this all the time, and although i dont play it often anymore, its fun to pass the time. i've gotten almost every skin, except the last one because the challenges got very hard. i can't freaking do them and its driving me insane. but thats mostly a problem of my skill, and its fun to play usually (if i dont get mad and quit). i mostly just like the flying part and llama stampede. mostly because its funny to just see the characters do random things. :)
rizqo ilma : this game really relaxing and satisfaction
rebianca dkhar : the song is so peacefull
porkbun : so i redownload the game after having progressed far into the game. i'm starting all over again. lost all the characters i unlocked. i don't even want to play it anymore like is all my data gonna get erased anytime i have to uninstall the game?
goldstiched n : it's cool
aravind v : good. adventurous.
gm world : beautiful graphics
yaphet fasil : hate it
d0nut : aesthetic
prabhu tejz : there is a lot to talk about this beautiful game but making simple. first thing, this game is calm, peaceful & relaxing, soundtrack and visuals are outstanding, easy to play. the best part is zen mode. one of my favourite and best game. second thing, i always hated is ads even after purchasing premium to get coins have to watch ads, why don't we get coins by simple not watching ads or daily limit for coins (even the ads have limit) think about it or else it's 5 star rated game.
slobodan drakulic : i have 5 games that i think i'll never delete. alto's adventure and odyssey are the best of that kind. you don't need internet, just relax and play. easy to play but hard to master. if you want to complete all tasks, you won't be relaxed anymore, but thrilled and excited. extra hard is to achieve it without skip for money.
alpay bayraktar : i just keep coming back to it. truly a mesmerizing, captivating and alluring experience. one of the best mobile games of all time.
david findlow : nice hitting the slopes although triple back flips are near impossible
asid : must play! download now! that's my only feedback, for th best infinite runner or skier on any platform, period.
ken mr.w : finally a game with 120hz support great job. just make sure to fix it on that other alto's game alto's odyssey.
blaze of shadow : used to be a good game but ads pop up a alot which are so annoying
richie comacho : i hate when im using wingsuit doing flips and the character goes to the top on the screen and i can't see him anymore till he nearly reaches the ground
arun nandu : wonderful game, brings in the perfect blend of calm and engaging you need in a game. hats of to the team!
elton john jonson : happy this game is still being updated.
john k : very good music and excellent game play.
md. naimur rahman hemal : now it's good.
jan dalhuysen : great game!!
zakharc enko : great game!!
dan_sitrus_ the_adventurer : pretty awesome.
mehdi moradi : its great
na na : it's good
shikari yamashita : super relaxing :)
ali hoseini : so boring
willem roos : i love this game
gunnar redman : cool.
prosam 007 : absolutely breathtaking
dabeli master : free nice
charity hagar : so relaxing
smartcarrot : very relaxing
jack trotter : great game
mcmuffin 7164 : very wholesome
almrad sharf : cool game
todd mcdonald : great game
md. sazzad hosain tuhin : the music
the masked dancer : soothing
david sai-ngarm : creative
tyler 96 : smooth
fardhannefo akbar .r. : relaxing
jayde caraballo : soothing
tony nalls : cool
amal sony : relaxing
rov singh : thank you
austin culberson : no ply it
tom clancy : heah
midhlaj midhlaj : owsome
s w : sucks
anton drobot : simple and perfect, great design and sound. very rare for mobile platforms.
a anon : great atmosphere, graphics, sound and music. great game. edit: no longer works on teclast x98 air 3g tablet.
satyam deb : game is very nice it would be 5 star if you increase the brightness of the blocking obstacles in the way because its harder to identify them and its more harder to see them on night this is only the problem you should solve.
xander villano : i absolutely love this game. however, i do have a small complaint. i don't know how responsive the devs are on here, but the scene with waking the elder is sort of...disturbing. something about an elder enthusiastically running to whip a little boy is messed up.
a google user : i have a samsung s21 ultra and this game continues to glitch out. sometimes i fly through cliffs, sometimes it robs me of an entire level of progress. every time i pick up a feather the screen freezes, then it rushes to catch up.
nectarie-ioan ivana : still sorry ios players have to pay for this, but it is genuinely worth it. the visuals are amazing and you can easily get sunk into this game's world.
abdo elhabsye : good game to fill time on the road, put headset on and play this 5h!t, had to purchased it tho so the f ads doesnt pop out every f single run. yea well greed are greedy
tespit muh : crashing constantly, randomly. xiaomi redmi note, android 11, miui 12.5. not playable for me anymore... too bad i've purchased all extras. i cannot recommend. look for better alternatives.. 1/10
machinehand : ads every 2 minutes makes this game unplayable.
ashley coelho : after the update 'feather' doesn't work most of the time. please fix it.
juung akagi : great graphics. great music. good gameplay.
parantap kaushal : it makes me sleepyand it doesn't even play the music that slow, and yes it is difficult at times to play, because we just want to keep it sliding.... always sliding... endless sliding, i'm sleepy again now!
sunilgr : ridiculously calming..!
kaili lucas : how stressful.
heather_chc : awesome games!
chandanjot kaur bumrah : great app!
styles boy : ridiculously relaxing!
vinay prabhakar : mind relaxing !!
zackariah islam : so relaxing!!!
mark justine ercilla : perfect game!!!
paulinus elvis : so addictive
raheema km : aesthetically pleasing
rod rolo : great game.
it'z derin : it's good
gurpreet singh : it's good
tripti singh : very calm...
s siddhaarth : good edition......
jeet majumder : soothing
christie budd : pretty boring
joseph whetten : sick game
thecacti : relaxing.
moien m : relaxing.
queen barbara gulivan : relaxing.
felipe perez : is fun
jessa ensertado : boring
basil biju : simply awesome
nicholas taylor : beautiful graphics
nyingden wangchuk : nice song
dima de jesus : great game
xohaib niaz : love graphics
ravi kiran nudurupati : the best
oscar mahlangu : incredible game
mateus cano beneton : great game
mike diaz : great game
rik sims : great game
notinsane : great aesthetics
anj colin mendoza : stunning graphics
najah siraj : really nice
graham brandon : very soothing
katleho kadi : simply good
meelawie : soothing game
milo doyle : very relaxing
weird : highly recommended
anas chowdhury : the best
evan kendall : its relaxing
jerome's is a god : pretty good
adam wesley mcdonald : great game
sam stuart : would recommend
uff nab : great game
warren da costa : great game
mohammed moiz : imperfectly perfect
jason sontay : boring
samrudh r : boring
matin habibian : boring
mr walkerp : boring
hari haran.d : its relaxing
angh : awesom ,everything .
jamal shaibu : perfection
kashik badri : therapeutic
jagadeesh budihal : beauty
joseph bouzaid : cool
tripleaaa gaming : relaxing
jahistheavatar : relaxing
rwanyindo rwego gael : cool
hugo gonzalez : cool
werli p. : relaxing
jennifer lynch : soothing
david zimmermann : cool
ali shameer : relaxing
anushri raina : totally asmr
sonu pradhan : emotional game
guadalupe gomez : very adicting
sizwe kwenzokuhle : very ccccoooooooooooollllllll
karan kumar : download first
shailendra kumar markam : owesome game
hriday menon : art
shakti : addicting
moein foroozani : worth
damian pantoya : fire
j : i have been playing this game for years. one of my favourite mobile games. i just installed it again and it is bugged. its almost not playable, it glitches when im about to complete an objective and then doesnt recognise that i have completed it, so i have to start again only for the same thing to happen. it freezes and sometimes doesnt show anything but the background on the screen. im so upset that my favourite game is now glitched, and too frustrating to play. please fix the bugs!
jam : 11/13/17: simple yet classy; a fun game to drift off from toxicity of (work). 03/29/2020: then i just realized that the soundtrack on every ride is closely related to the ost of kimi no na wa. it was indeed a nostalgic experience to play again esp this time of home-quarantine.
alex : great time killing game. but annoys me heavily that it force closes itself all the time. thus three stars.
bruh : at first i thought it would be just a boring same running game but the background and music is so beautiful and relaxing, it's different. i highly recommend it!
thanish mathew : a really beautiful game with simple controls and beautiful graphics. but it has some terrible glitches. if it weren't for that, it would have been an easy 5 stars
paul campbell : ...but had full screen ads before the game even started. fortunately they do have an option to remove ads, and the game has been a favorite since.
jed atkinson : don't pay to remove ads. instead of getting three chances to revive the character, after removing the ads you only get one chance to revive. you will get higher scores by not paying to remove ads. also, even after paying for the "ad-free experience", you still have to watch an ad after a run to get the bonus coins. it's not ad-free and paying money actually handicaps your experience.
beanmann : super calming, with beautiful artstyle and simple yet satisfying controls, slightly lacking in content and diversity in levels, but overall great.
a google user : i've unlocked tupa, but it still shows that achievement as locked, so i didn't get the 5000 xp reward.
aarav menon : best mobile game i have ever played. it has awesome graphics. the zen mode along with the background music is soo good!
ahsan naseer : remove stones and hurdles from zen mode so that the flow is smooth and zen
christopher clements : kids love it and fun for adults. simple and easy. true game and no ticky tack payments
nic molchan : great game, i love the simple yet beautiful background, graphics, and story!
santosh mylapilli : before downloading this game aspalt 8 was my favorite but after downloading this game,it becomes favorite to me
davide capomagi : the game is full of bugs, previously was much better!
krish vandon : alto does not look right when it is night in the game. so please add light to him at that time.
rivan fernandi : i love this game.
mengs : great one!
phillip mccarty : such a wonderful game.
takeo davis : so good much chill
zeyad hany : relaxing game.
thechubbycreeper plays : very calming.
kr_sumit : smooth experience
raiyan rahman : aesthetics
andi duramax : keeps crashing
kamvelihle ntantala : is lit
adventure of pathan : best relaxing
mohamed outzroualte : cool game
tajuddin iqbal : still the best
abdulkalam kp : cool game
v.maruthi rao : soul soothing
ian edmunds : also awesome
vivek swaroop : awsome game
mario salcedo : very calming
ola oye : good graphics
l33m0n432 : very cool
sureshkrishna balagurunathan : good experience
anthony white : great game
sk shabaz : awsome game
raquib uddin : its good
karan rathod : nice games
umesh shinde : boring
galaxy rr : worthless
sridevi raghu : boring
fernando alvarez : perfection
mohit patel : cool
nafila shaji : smooth
vanilla1291 : relaxing
trevor stahl : relaxing
grace mabula : cool
krishnanand yadav : soothing
dj torque : addictive
mobi munir : relaxing
binita das : incredible
kidusx8 aklilux8 : incredible
sahil srivastava : mind-blowing
joe lykins : it's ok
amit kumar : prrrrrrrrotty hard
ravi kummarikuntla : graphics super
brian limbo : thank you
chintha shivani : thope
ivan lusakweno : i honestly used to really love this game but slowly its becoming a ghost of its former self. with all of these bugs and glitches repeatedly hindering the process of the game and cheating me out of coins i use to pay for certain upgrades or progress to continue, playing this game went from being a relaxing escape from the real world to a desperate frustrated re-entering into the real world. i find it disheartening seeing i really used to love this game. . . now its really just. . . meh. . .
krispy chips : 2019 - still playing but gosh the ads have got worse. i just got a pizza company advert in the middle of the game without it pausing. what the hell happened to you people? 2017 - was a great game, until they introduced adds. i get why, however having only had the videos and that being fine, the introduction of the pop up ads is quite painful.
tomaidoh : forced ads really ruin the relaxing aspect to this game. they didn't used to exist, real shame.
amber abbas : the game is one of the best, if not the best endless running games on the play store. everything is just perfect!
swagat rout : thers some problem with those llamas.. they start kind of vibrating down slopes..
craig fletcher : runs and looks beautiful on my galaxy s10+ now. thanku for updating
sanil khamkar : thanks to the ads for ruining game experience
bsky : great game!
tanya bhutani_555 : i love this game
rumbling thunder : cool!
otis : really relaxing
lune fernandez : great game..
graham richmond : pickaxe? helmet? not encountered those yet.
adnan bukhari : keeps crashing
gowthamkumar gavara : simply awesome
nikhil malu : perfectly acceptable
alastair crockett : great game
brendan andrews : absolutely trash
petah muigai : relaxing
no u : cool
daniel heinken agustin : totaly epic
azkhuu 8z : rated
jose chavez : love it. from graphics to game concept. addicting and worth my time. challenging, but enjoyable. edit: i remember back in high school when i used to be overly obsessed with this game and the great challenges it brought. what i love most was the ability to unlocking characters based on your level, but now it's pay-to-unlock and that was just a downer to see. shame when games go big they try their best to make revenue out of it.
nicola fudge : forgot why i stopped playing this originally. it's still glitchy. jump stops working halfway through a run and completed tasks don't always register. just picked up several magnets and feathers but i still didn't get the "pick up a magnet and a feather in one run" award. very frustrating
a google user : i just got pax and i'm very disappointed that he's worse than alto and maya. i was considering unlocking all skiers but now, no. i get that they all have different qualities but they should still get better, not worse. don't like night mode either. be prepared to watch an ad every few minutes and x out takes you to play store.
naveen g : uninstalled it due to ads that show up randomly and dont even have close option for a few secs. and became very annoying after a point of time. the game was really good a year back i believe. but now ads r annoying. not worth playing
moe sb : absolutely amazing game. however, i'd prefer maya to be able to jump over chasms. i know she meant to be slow but having to fail the game with maya just because she can't possibly jump over the chasm is frustrating. other characters don't have this issue.
sourav sarkar : the game is not complied with android pie. the screen tends to turn off when it is not touched within the interval of 2-4sec.
david kahmar : even after the latest update it still freezes when you pick up the blue floating power up, unless you clear the cache
samantha k. : i think this might be my favorite game. i really enjoy the scenery and the music, it makes me feel at ease. thank you for making this app.
jairo villalobos-hernandez : i love this game. i played this for a long time without stopping. its relaxing yet challenging, which for me its a perfect combination since you do not get too much of either. i would give it 10 stars if it were possible.
tim wadephul : the original issue i was having with the game has been fixed, and now all i'm left with is a beautiful looking game that is fun.
seth k : as the game terminology is different, the gamer is suppose to understand what you meant in mission. for example proximity jump.. it'll be easy if u can provide an example vid of missions what the gamer has to do in game to progress. hope to see this update in future. so far i'm liking this game and giving 3*. i'll update once i see improvements.
ashwin : i would give more stars if it was available.the game is pretty simple nothing extraordinary but this game is very beautiful and the music is amazing.this game puts me in a good mood instantly.thank you devs for this gem.
karahan sarp karakoc : this is the game that clicks with me. not the sequel, not any other game, but this. this game has something that makes me keep coming after all these years. the relaxing music, minimalist design, and, last but definitely not least, the zen mode. the perfect game it is.
it'll_be_owlright : the most visually stunning and aesthetically pleasing game ever. enchanting music, gorgeous sceneries, exciting & smooth gameplay, and such lovable characters. great job game developers, and thank you!
alexander livingston : it doesn't save your progress, so if you reinstall on a fancy new phone, you get to start all over or pay them money
haley chan : this endless runner is the story of snowboarders pursuing runaway llamas which, as odd as it sounds, actually works for this game! background music is soothing and art is phenomenal.
roni amorim : this used to be a fun game, but now it's ruined by intrusive and game breaking ads.
brock burtson : amazing game, can you guys figure out how to make it multiplayer, even make it 3d, that would make it the game of the century! also maybe add more characters and free character and board customization and also some snowboarding tricks, maybe endless multiplayer with unlimited players playing together, just some suggestions that you've got to try. amazing game!!!
h. matthew : i think the overall design is great and despite the fact that i have the free version, i don't feel like i'm missing out. this is a prime example of what games in the app store are supposed to be.
mihai vasiliu : sound is clicky when you use headphones... other games are fine.
michelle e. : this game is amazing and i never tire of playing it when i need a break. simple, intuitive, beautiful graphics.
a google user : the visuals and animations are superb. it runs very smoothly with a simple but creative and addictive concept. not sure why there are so many complaints about ads -- they're very unintrusive. overall, a really amazing game!
jaimin raval : a very intresting game and also refreshing.and the new update with zen mone is just awesome.
peek a boo : i don't know why,the game closing automatically.
louis : used to be fun, now it just crashes every time i open it
shouvik das : awesome gameplay , stunning visuals and peaceful soundtrack.
justin margulski : works fine now. lots of fun catching llamas.
ryoki yutani : it's beautiful! i'm sure that you will enjoy to play it. and then, if you feel good for this game, i recommend you to get "alto's odyssey".
aria kreuz : fun and challenging game with relaxing music and amazing visuals.
a google user : sometime have bug for example touch not working and player going to air or down
george tsaava : after all these years still lovin this game
teguh lumban-gaol : cant pass on lv 35 mission, no matter how far i use the parachute.
alisa pailom : relaxing and great graphics.
a google user : this game graphics is very good but baar baar out hone par mza nahi atta eska koie naya update aya tho osmai ek nhi out hone vala update daal dena
a google user : a beautifully mesmerizing game.
alan lo : love this game so much but why alto's odyssey is not available for some countries?
arghya acharjee : after playing two or three rounds, screen isn't working....!!!
eric clifford : it was dope. about to redownload. new phone
casey a. emens : great game...always fun to play
shubhanshu sharma : nice graphic, great music nice game..
alexis rivera : relaxing game!
le ming : great game!
william : this a great game.
jackella leona : absolutely breathtaking!
sri shailesh : nice graphics!
coral curry : absolutely beautiful!!
starosity : amazing graphics!
isaiah p-rez : hated it.
josh foy : it's sick
jai shrestha : beautiful gameplay.
poppin : look at the flipping amazing detail of this epic game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
qimeng zhang : smooth, relaxing
nilima gundawar : beautifully illustrated.
mithun ray : great game.
juniper : addictive!!!!
kayleigh licon : very cool.
elijah williams : great graphics
ded vice : it's nice
a google user : it's good
chief bungalow : it's good
saswata bera : most relaxing...
mark jun marquez : great game.
madhukar sonawane : it's best
nac kh : the best
dhanraj : creative..
afllah ak : cool
ayo agbomuserin : its horible
a google user : worst game
bhushan ambilwade : same thing
ashish mansa : soothing.
sachintha charuka : relaxing.
ngun kyo weingken : loved it.
anjan kumar : its awsome
a google user : good morning
a google user : nice once
parneet singh : great game
a google user : great game
aaron t : great game
a google user : nice graphics
joshua wu : absolutely gorgeous
theo zorn : top notch
rafid : very charming
a google user : good classic
yusif alizade : great game
a google user : loved the music
daniel .a. strong : interesting everytime
in-game event : boring
a google user : boring
jeffrey see : boring
azri syaz : boring
nalej harris : cool game
faraz : its love
siraj janjua : the best
a google user : pretty good
liver man : smooth game
nivodh arampath : very soothing
lil beetroot : very relaxing
saeed basurur : great game
keneikhrielie suokhrie : good graphics
landon moss : extremely relaxing
andrew horn : great game
vamshi krishna : good graphics
doctor phil : its good
aly-sama : great graphicsss
naruto squad : really amazing
dignite clement : good overall
computer bug 5767 : great graphics
a google user : great game
abdullah siraj : very relaxing
now revenge official : awsome game
rubel mazumdar : verry relaxing
glenn smith : pretty cool
18-459 : nice graphics
albert & mozart : great game
toast : great game
carl weishaar : it is fun
harithya milaksha : simply perfect
divyansh bhatnagar : indescribable beautiful
andile ngema : really good
lamma sniper : good app
moh ynwa : the best
therese gilbertson : really fun
rocio paredes : great game
tanish gera : simply sucks
a google user : coool
feared : chills
deepmala ashara : speachless
braaptube 559 : boring
galacthicc : cool
a google user : relaxing
a google user : the best
cattivellio : relaxing
im pravinkumar : cool
isidro lu : cool
john steve tan : relaxing
aaron elam : relaxing
a google user : i this game
varun aggarwal : child game
a google user : gd graphics
a google user : west game
carl andres : thanks for this game
aris : its ok
reza hosseinzade : very amusing
ashish kumar jha : wrost app
rosz j : atmospheric.
a google user : suck
prashant pandey : borr
a google user : movies it
a google user : nothing
sandeep ct : nallatha
lokesh harbola : i never felt so happy and peaceful while playing a game . the game runs
super smooth and the graphics are just soooo soothing and change so
smoothly that one wonders if you are really playing the sport or the game.
the concept of the game is simple but yet so intriguing . and the music in
the background just makes you feel so much at peace . no doubt that this is
the best game that can be found in the play store . finally, but i don't
think i can thank you enough for making such a beautiful game .
reno garg : i absolutely love this game, its incredible. the graphics are amazing and i
harldy ever write reviews but for this i had to. its not frustratingly hard
or super easy, and keeps your attention. i love how the scarf changes color
with different power ups and the sceneries are beutiful. thank you so much
for putting the zen mode, very relaxing and i love that you can click
pictures as well. great game
a google user : interesting but very hard to see obstacles, watching an ad to continue
isn't working for me. often times the game just becomes unresponsive when i
try. so... i can start over every 25 seconds or spend $5... sorry not
spending off the bat when game is not stable on a pure android device
that's up to date. hope the upcoming sequel is better.
joao gabriel d'alessandro mariano : journey with a snowboard the inspiration of the ps3/ps4 "journey" game is
clear as diamond in every shape of this game, despiste that the game is a
gorgeous looking minimalist experience with a fair use of ads and
respectful approach to the players, an example to be fallow. the game play
is a simple side scroller with alpine thematic where you have to rescue
lhamas, nothing too imaginative here, but for an arcade and relaxing game
genre you have all you need for a good time.
theodora wong : it would be nice right you could add more upgrades. maybe like have
individual upgrades for each character. every other game, the app won't
allow me to jump. this sadly means i'm unable to play for long amounts of
time, and it's only fixed if i fully close the app.
joshua robinson : i absolutely love this game, but the night cycle on it really takes away
from the game. there are times when it cycles around to night that the game
is completely unplayed due to the fact that i can't see anything. i don't
like constantly having to go in a bump up my brightness or exiting and
re-entering the game just to reset the day/night cycle. if you could toggle
the day night cycle or even just set to a certain time of day, i would rate
it five stars for sure.
hendy i. : this should be a good game. however the game mechanics are not fairly
balanced, especially starting on level 20. i describe it as 50% luck, 40%
waiting, and 10% skill. some goals are almost impossible to achieve within
reasonable time limits. it's possible if you spend hours a day playing and
repeating failed levels. but if you just want to spare 5-15 a day it's
impossible.
masked parodies subount : i love this game. it helps me relax and the sounds are so soothing when
played with headphones. a suggestion i have is that you should add an ocean
area to this game. so when you pass through this area relaxing wave
crashing sounds can be heard. i also would like crackling logs in a fire
sound effects. these could be maybe presented in a forest fires scene. over
all an amazing game with cute baby llamas. thank you noodlecake studios for
a stunning game with relaxing sounds and visuals, hans
ozymandias : this game has great gameplay, awe inspiring graphics and a beautiful soundtrack. the immersion felt in this game is so breathtaking it's unbelievable. the varying weather makes you feel all cozy and paired with a jaw dropping backdrop i feel truly taken a-back at this games use of natural beauty and style. and all this is enhanced by the games 'zen mode'. i spend hours on this game yet i have never yet got over this games incredible aesthetics.
chas corum : i would continue playing this game until my fingers get tired, but i'm
absolutely fed up with having to watch 20 to 30 seconds clips every time i
take a tumble. or, i have to start over. surely you guys can offer a paid
version where there is no ads. until then, i'm going to pass. please
rethink these ads.
a google user : it's a great game, put in an uncountable amount of hours in transit on my
old iphone. the only reason i am giving it 4 stars is because it seems like
there's a bug with one of the missions. in level 5 one of the missions is
to pick up the hovering feather, but it does not register when you actually
do so progress becomes impossible. hopefully they'll fix it with the next
update.
et tu : gorgeous, calming, endearing, easy to pick up and play. it's clearly been well thought-out. the game itself is engaging and soothing in its own right, but the zen mode is brilliant for moments when you need to occupy your brain and hands with something distracting but not too complicated. this is a work of art. :)
k3v valkyrie : i almost never write reviews unless they are scams but this game is by far
the best mobile game i've ever played. it's so calming as well not to
mention so quick and you can keep going through runs. i've seen many games
like this that i personally hate but this is, as i said the best. the
musical amazing too.
braulio cortez : in my opinion, this game is perfect. no bugs or crashes, yet. art style is
simple, yet when combined with weather effects and daylight changes, it is
a gorgeous sight. the best thing about this game is watching the sunrise,
it's beautiful. and ads aren't even a problem, you can click out of them
instantly, and purchases don't affect gameplay. controls are simple and
when mastered, it is really fun to take risks.
donnie : i started off the game not thinking it was very fun, but after unlocking
maya and having a character with more mobility, the game became a lot more
fun. some of the goals to progress levels can be very frustrating with the
randomly generated levels making it seem impossible sometimes, but it still
hooks you enough to keep playing. being able to play offline is a huge
upside too. thanks to the developer for offering that.
sara : it's quaint, but cute. and the more you progress, the more you get to
discover about the mountain. it gets easier once you get the hang of the
mechanics, and the simplicity is so that you can sit down and relax while
playing this game. however, i'd have to say that my favourite thing about
this game is the backdrops, the art style is adorable, and the lighting and
landscape change with the day patterns. would definitely recommend this to
a friend.
joel k : great game. only thing i dislike is the feature regarding the in-game camera. the photos you take w/ cam doesn't showup in my phones gallery as these images just go into the game file folder, this makes it more time consuming to find and move back to the gallery where they should go for easy access. thanks and keep up the good work!
bim cuachin : great game. i wish there was a move name for when the character lands on
the small piece of land between two chasms. i mean didn't think going
through an arch while using the wingsuit would be worthy of being a move.
the move i mentioned is a lot harder and it is very satisfying to be able
to do it. give it justice. haha. that is all.
samuel tetero : words can not express how beautiful this game is. it's an amazing and
aesthetically pleasing piece of art. the music. the art. the little bits
that just send you through euphoria. it's so perfect and i recommend this
to anyone who needs to relax or feel that perfect tingling sensation. thank
you for making this game, i loved it so much i recommended it to my friends
who are now trying it.
roland telegdi : alto's adventure is an excellent game when you need to pass time. the scenery and the music are right on point and give you a relaxed feel especially if you play in zen mode. the controls are very simple, tap the screen for a jump and hold the screen for a backflip. as you level up you will gain access to several characters with specific advanteges and disadvantages, although i mostly played with alto because he is good in all aspects.
aaron smyth : i never write reviews first and foremost. i absolutely love this game, the
graphics are beautiful and are really reflected by the soundtrack which
sends you into a transient state as you play, both are subtle, simple and
stunning. while an idle "tap tap" game, it fully engrosses and relaxes at
the same time. the only game i have on my device, until odyssey is released
of course. thanks for the hard work, keep it up. perfection.
tyson ly : honestly, it's a good game except for one thing. i notice even with as much
momentum and speed i had with a white scarf, both doing a backflip and not
on certain chasms such as the low to high chasm (short distance, long
height), you still can't pass it. other than that, it's a great game.
michael carlson : i really have enjoyed playing the game for some time now. though i have
played and uninstalled it not realizing that the progress gets wiped out.
also don't know what is going on but, i complete triple backflip time and
time again and they never get counted other than my very first one. still
love playing for fun and experiencing the relaxing world. i will add that
the revive almost always gets stuck in a black screen. thanks for the great
game kudos.
jewel brava : i love this game but it needs an update. it's glitching alot to where i'll
pick up items,only for the character to just pass through it. or i'll get a
super coin while flipping and it'll just stick to the character until i
land, making it hard to see how i land. also it's hard to spot the rocks in
the dark, especially while in sunlight. if you could maybe make a mode
where you can choose night or day or both. this app seriously needs an
update.
xadrian de baguio : so guys.. i think this game is been already a while in playstore, so what
im thinking is to make it online, like you can use all of characters and to
keep the game more exciting, have it some costume to make every players
fav. character unique.. ive been playing this game eversince it was
released so it would be really nice if you guys could hear me out... i made
it 4 stars by the way cause i want it to make it more fun for us players
and more profitable for the devs.. all players who agree with me.. please
hit the like button so devs could read my suggestion
ashkan ranjbar : fun, challenging, addictive! there's one bug that i'm not sure if i'm the
only one having it and that's when you pause and quit but not kill the
activity (for example if you want to check an important message) and want
to come back playing, the touch doesn't work, so no jumping and no way
unless you kill the app and restart it again
hartley harms : this game is... it's rough.. but pretty. it's absolutely not finished.
there are tons of different obstacles that are just impossible to get over.
you start a run and 10 seconds in you've got a speed check even though
you've not even gotten a change to do any flips to build your speed up.
there are times when you're led to believe you can do a double flip, but
the game just drops you to the ground. not only that, there are times when
the game just decided that you're just done doing a flip and leaves you
flying through the air, upside down. it's a pretty game, but it's far from
finished.
jamie fox : installed the game since the beginning of 2017. still love it. i like how
the graphics are pretty and fancy but together with the relaxing music in
the background makes this game mesmerizing. the gameplay is simple and even
better in the zen mode... the wonderful part of the game. the game features
few characters which you unlock trough the quests. each of them are special
in their own way which makes it interesting. this is one of those
delightful and charming games that you keep on your phone for years because
you know they have never dissapointed you and when you come back to it, the
intro will hit you with nostalgia right away. that's all from me.
nathan emery : absolutely love this game, so simple yet hard at the same time, graphics
are amazing. only downfall is the single type of jump. only being able to
junp high, then spin is a bit of a shame, as ive missed llamas and coins by
wanting to do a small hop, instead of a high jump.
malcolm gledhill : love this game. fun, intuitive, and the progession system makes playing
rewarding. only complaint -- the day/night cycle seems too in favour of
night. the game looks gorgeous during the day but i spend most of my time
squinting at the screen trying to make out rocks in the dark.
freddy : alto's adventure is one of the only mobile games i can keep on coming back
to. normally i play a game for a week or two, and then either complete it
or get bored of it. i've had alto's adventure on my phone for years, but i
still enjoy it. i think that demonstrates the quality of the game more than
anything. i'm extremely excited for alto's odyssey to come to android so i
can experience another game like this. edit: having played the most recent
update, i've removed a star. one of the best things about alto's adventure
has always been it's free-to-play nature but still ad-light gameplay. that
seems to have changed, with forced ads now appearing after crashes - while
extra in-app purchases have also been introduced simultaneously. this is
not really fair to long-time nor new players, and i hope alto's odyssey
does not follow this model.
giovanni stanley : i just installed this game again after switching to new device. i've synced my data using google play games account. all of my gameplay record is synced and displayed properly, but all of my progress (unlocked missions, character, bought items and upgrades) is not loaded at all so it seems my progress is resetted. i love this game so much, but please resolve this matter because its just not worth it to play it all over again from the very beginning. or is there any way to load back all of my progress that i missed? thanks
nick gunnare : give me an option to turn off night mode and make that an aesthetic thing
only. it's so irritating when it's sunny out and already hard to see your
screen. you expect me to be able to see the tiny little snowboarder when
he's 3 shades darker than everything else on my screen? it's hard even in
the right lighting and infuriating enough to make me write a review.
a google user : i love this game. i can't even describe it! i appreciate so much that you
included a zen mode because i get frustrated very easily especially because
of the man that starts chasing you after a while. the graphics are amazing!
so simple but beautiful! same for the music! so relaxing. i love how the
time and climate change. you get to see the sunset and the night. and i
love the rain and thunder in the night. i like how you made the thunder
realistic, 'cause you made sure the sound plays seconds after you see it. i
love the woods. and lastly i love how the point of view "turns" sideways a
bit when you pass the buildings and they look 3d! the alpacas are cute very
nice that you included them! the only thing i could possibly mind is that
the sound of skiing and the rain are the same setting and i really want to
hear the rain but i don't like the skiing sound.
josh woodcock : this is hands down the best game i've had on my phone to date. from the
minimalist visuals to the music, it's a fantastic game. never have i bought
the premium for a game but with the amount of time i've put into alto, it's
the least i could do in return. keep in mind you absolutely do not have to
put any money into this game to have a great time. the leveling system
sometimes has character specific challenges so even if you buy all the
characters and premium, you still cant progress without trying everyone out
at least a few times! the one an only quipp i have is that i wish i could
pick what side the wingsuit button could be on as a lot of the time i'm
playing this game one handed and it's difficult to reach across. i play
this game daily, if you don't have it, get it.
viktor malkoski : after finishing one task - make a 13x combo land, and allmost finishing -
escape 5 elders , after the forth i died and wanted to check if there is a
video for revive , if not to pay 1500 coins. but the app crash and when i
reopened the already finished task wasn't save. this was not the first time
i wasted time on task. i am deleating this game
a google user : i love the detail and gameplay, but the controls. they're bugging me, i'm doing a backflip and it just stops working. and when i hold the backflip and let go, it still continues to backflip when nothing is touching my phone. idk if it's a way of getting people to revive themselves to watch an ad for ad revenue. or it's just a bug in the program. but in a short summary i love the gameplay. but the controls are sketchy.
kin : i waited obyssey for a few months. and it doesn't officially support my
device:(. i downloaded apk version for my huawei mate 10 though and it
works fine. plz let us, hongkonger, use the legal version:( i play alto
adventure zen mode every night. i am now obsessed with obyssey.
kayly zabala : i had escaped five elders, beat my distance record, and the game just
suddenly closed. this has been happening repeatedly and sometimes i just
die on purpose for fear that i'll lose all my progress. this must be fixed,
because it is a truly beautiful, original and fun game that can otherwise
not be enjoyed fully.
evenyng light : great game! keeps you focussed, but doesn't demand too much attention. that
way making mind more and more relaxed. and the gameplay is always
interesting, as small details change when you level up and buy upgrades. as
the changes are small it really makes it easy to feel the game. it's really
balanced and full of harmony. it's been a long while since i've enjoyed a
game this much. from similar games i've played temple run 2. played it a
lot! but this game is in a completely different league! really big thanks
to developers of this app! i like it that much that even ads do not really
disturb me. and that means a lot.
zubayer rahman : altos adventure is a fun and enjoyable game mostly coming from me a game
developer. altos adventure is mostly fun when you have to stay in focus
with the game so you dont get hit by the rocks and lose.
schuyler w : this game is lit af, it's gotta be made of drugs! clearly made with the
player as the central focus. recommended path to success: complete tutorial
eventually croak play zen mode enjoy smiling go back to catching llamas
tell the broskis
revanreborn96 : this game has a really beautiful art style. the game is challenging but i
like how you can save up coins to skip the more difficult objectives. zen
mode is a very relaxing and immersive experience. my only issue with the
game is that the day and night cycle can be annoying if you are playing
outdoors on a sunny day since the screen can get dark.
noneofyourbusiness : the game is awesome, and filled out all of the "must have" criterias to
make a good game. graphics are simply breathtaking, background music just
makes it better. though the game can get boring after a while , since you
basically are doing the same thing
daedalus da vinci : i have never reviewed a game before, but i don't think any game has ever
deserved it like this one does. the art style is so simplistic yet awe
inspiringly beautiful. the music and the sounds add to the calming and
peaceful effect. this game is absolutely beautiful.
a google user : this game is fantastic! the graphic scenery is stunning, the gameplay is
simple yet fun (and addictive) and the music pieces in both the level and
zen modes are beautiful!! i love this game and i really like all the
characters. i look forward to playing alto's odyssey. and... i wonder if
the makers of the game are also or at least inspired by the game journey.
the style is very much the same, the simplicity and music themes are
incredibly alike and even the idea of the scarves lengthening are the same!
i loved that game so this is a delightful surprise.
chinedu tabansi : overall the game is fine, but there are a few things that need to be fixed.
first. if i ever need to pause the game, whenever i resume the game it has
a drop in frame rate. it becomes unplayable. second. the ads just don't
work. if i die in the game, and i try to press "watch a video", it doesn't
work. i have to keep pressing it again and again and sometimes it just
doesn't work.
adreian vila : this is actually a great game! i love the graphics and the mechanics, and also the zen! the music there is sooo soothing. i wonder if the soundtrack in the normal mode has multiple soundtracks too? like when its raining or snowing or night time? so the soundtack might not too replayable in ear when i found myself failing too often in backflips or cliffs. overall really an awesome game with uniqueness!! :d
piyush gathala : lost my progress after unistalling even though it shows i had unlocked many
characters in the game on google play, but have to begijn from scartch
again after reinstalling. really bad. it was my favorite game before this
issue please resolve it
kik : sometimes the power up abilities (magnet, hover) and the physics of the
game such like gravity and when the character jumps did not work like it
should
ky're clay : has some glitches like hovering may or may not get you over rocks and
sometimes you'll land on an edge weird so it kills you, but besides that
occasional stuff it's nice to chill to and it has some challenges. building
combos feels satisfying too.
we found a camera : this is a beautiful game. it controls very nicely (with the exception of
the occasional gritch) it's an overall charming game. the only problem is
you can use pay to win now. rather than having to play the game.
cheezunrice ramen : great graphics and good controls. bad physics though. the character frequently slows down in odd places, like right as i get to a ramp to cross a chasm and therefore fall short, or in midair as i jump. you can't slow down in air, and should actually increase speed as you fall down through air.
jayme andrews : the only reason why i didn't give 5 stars is because i have had issues with
the hover feather not working. i'll turn blue but will not hover. i
couldn't find a way to contact them about the bug, so i guess i'll post
here and hope for the best? other than that the game is wonderful. best
game i've downloaded in a long time.
amy pilgrim : the graphics in this game are great it is beautiful. however, i just don't
see what's fun about doing the same thing over and over.
roulan huang : altos adventure is my favourite game of all time, ever since i stumbled
across it a few years ago i found it as a soothing way to decrease my
stress levels. the graphics is beautiful and it is just an incredible game
that anyone can play
muhammad fathan : yeah i love this game, but one problem is the bug that make the hover power
up is useless. when i went through a rock, its suddenly tripped out and
game over instead of hovered above it. pls fix this and i will give you
five stars
a google user : it relaxes me a lot. i like using it without music to enjoy all the sounds as the weather changes.
skaiva pakalnyte : it's terrible . there are way too long instructions . i never even got to
basically play the game . i found it boring . there is no way to skip
instructions and there were basically no obstacles .
andrew carr : the game immediately broke down and never opened. i got constant alto has failed messages and i can't agree more.
sourav debnath : great game with serene graphics. i especially like the time when night
gradually changes to daybreak...its a gem of a game which gives immense joy
to the player...
shaun buss : i love this game. it is probably my all time favorite mobile game. i do
wish there was more to do after completing all achievements, but i still
love it.
bruce sherrow : great job on the artwork. it really adds a lot to the game. overall i liked
the game. unfortunately it does have some bugs. occasionally it stops
responding to touching the screen and sometimes coins and powerups don't
get picked up. can't wait for the sequel.
aditya gauranga : pretty simple game with soothing and calming music. the graphics are
actually well made even though it the trees look like minecraft . loved
the game
tenu bhagat : it is a heart touching game and the song of this game is very smooth and
like a natural. it gives us help in our loneliness
ben jackman : great game, but can get grind at some points, but i would still recommend.
the sequel is a much better game but this is still worth the download.
an a : i love this game. i have played it for years. i had decided to reinstall it
again. but now it crashes. everytime i play the game just crashes in the
middle of the run. i don't know why this is happening, many updates have
come since the last time i had played it but now i have no other option but
to uninstall it because it won't stop crashing. i hope you fix this because
this is a great game.
a google user : got to level 33, wiped out. after watching a video to revive and finish single-run goal, game froze and wouldn't revive. got booted, lost all level progress.
kaddy : when i found alto.... it was an awesome game but this update tho, making me feeling all kinds of no because it glitches, it doesn't respond quickly to taps, the creator need to restore this game to how it was and quick too because i can't be the only one having this problem.... might lose lots of users because of this
will thorogood : i'm having some problems with the game, recently reinstalled it and now i
get serious graphical errors whenever it rains or snows, with discoloured
shards shooting across the screen. other than that this game is fantastic
:)))
skela t. : seriously. what the f*** is wrong with you? 3.99 per differently shaped
assortment of pixels? pretty pathetic. you people are trying way to hard.
and you'll win people the idiots that play this game have an iphone users
mentality. so i'm sure they'll pay. i hate the world were living in. like
wall-e coming to life. humans are scum
cadin m : i dont like the day/night cycle because it makes it impossible to see the
game. it also doesnt help that some rocks are too small to see in the first
place. making it almost impossible to avoid them.
brad : alto's adventure is a great minimalistic adventure game that i can play for
hours. great time waster.
*insert egg pun here* : great game, my favourite bit is zen mode, love the picture taking feature
and my only suggestion is that you add costumes for the players so people
can customize them.
admiral feather : i'm aggravated by the fact that it has to go from day time to night time
and i have to be in a dark room or play the game at night otherwise had
can't see the screen and you hit a rock or whatever and it aggravates you.
tomasz kosiak : game is fantastic many hours to play. nice workshop with several added features which u can get by making new levels
jim morrison : game is very awesome, but i'm quite disappointed that alto's odyssey has
been released for ios a while ago and still not on the android platform
yet. thanks for making us a lower priority. how about you stop focusing on
updates for this game and get cracking on the odyssey for us huh?
abhijit chandra : it's a pleasure to pick up & play this masterpiece. looking forward to
odyssey. still no sign though. i've been pre-registered for a long time.
seems like a year has passed by since that.
ksa alpine : i loved every little bit it has been and always will be my favorite mobile
game im excited for alto's odyssey
zogbi's : remember when i rated this earlier, well i want to change it. it really
isn't that fun. i would maybe recommend this for u but i'm warning you it
is not much fun.
mircha rubio : this app has amazing graphics and a surreal feel to it. it has a calm
asthetic to it and a chill vibe. if you want to relax the most play with
headphones in
sarath chandra yanamandra : this game is absolutely amazing.. though the gameplay, controls and and
other aspects are just average... what won me over was the music... if i
could i would give it 6 stars for its music..... not that this is the best
music, but i haven't seen any other game with music soooooo apt with
gameplay.. it just melts you into the game..
ella eske : i love this game, just found the zen mode, i wish i could build up my coins
in zen but other than that it's fantastic.
a google user : incredible game. i recently had problems because it wouldn't respond to my
touch. otherwise i cannot find a game better than alto
aaquin prime : great game to calm down with. the only issue is i had paid for no ads and
i'm getting ads after about two months of not playing.
a google user : this game is wonderful for the anxious or the overthinkers. i can
completely zone out and think of nothing while playing and it's delightful.
love this game.
deepak agarwal : earlier version was good , this update is not working . no powers working.
fly suit never get charged. hover is also not working.
fawnica : absolutely stunning. it's challenging yet fun. and zen mode a great feature
that is both beautiful and calming. definitely would recommend this app.
izumi konomi : this game is very good. it had beautiful graphic for a mobile game, simple
controls, fun, and free and also not pay 2 win. the addition of zen mode
perfects it since u can enjoy the scenery without a game over scene. well
done noodlecake studios you made what i call one of the best mobile game of
all time.
melissa h : i would enjoy the game a lot more if when the option to watch a video to
keep playing actually worked. instead it either freezes the screen or just
gives me a black screen. also would be nice if you could actually get away
from elders, no matter how far ahead i get or what i try, they always get
me.
canned pears : i really like the game because you can play it anywhere, beautiful graphics, and amazing music. i could play this game all day
md. tawhidul islam : this is one of my most favourite games. great animation, greater music and the greatest zen mode. it takes me to a dream world. thanks a lot.
anthony tran : i like the game, but it's a bit laggy and when i get the blue levitation feather, it does not work on some 9f my runs since the last android software update. please fix this.
victor romo : there is only one problem with this game that i have and it is that if you
delete the game and then get it back into doesn't save your work
isaac barkers : everything about the game is just great. but, when using tupa, the game
exits on its own so i can't complete his quests
tushar mukherjee : i think i like is the chasms otherwise never ever play the game i am
telling you bro end ,,,
adam sergeant : with out a doubt my favorite gamging app. just pick up and play. long or
short. it's just great
drew : would have done 5 stars across the board if it werent for one small thing.
the pause button in the bottom of the screen. i bump it all the time. if it
was at the top of the screen this would be much less of an issue.
a google user : guys, love the game, graphics and gameplay are superb but the ads are
ridiculous. i accept the fact that you gotta have them but once they finish
playing there's either a lag on exiting them or you cannot exit them at
all. it ruins the game a ridiculous amount.
michael moore : on my htc 10 on oreo, my display is still turning off at my default 30 seconds. so for some reason it's like not detecting that i'm playing a game.
woosi wildwood : i love this game! the only complaint i have is that the llamas make sheep noises, not llama noises. as a previous llama owner, this bugs me every time. i have fun with the challenges and fun in zen mode. one of my favorite relaxation and distraction games.
priyanshu singh : very addictive, soothing and relaxing. the scenery and music is osum . i am
playing this game since last 2 years but i never get bored. but the only
problem is the cost of characters are very high .
aruyssa : it is good game! but, at night cycle it just hard to see wether there is a rock or not. other than that is just nice.
bibby john : when i try to watch an af to revive the app restarts. occasionally the
trick boost just doesnt happen if you jump right after.
shanoy banerjee : this is pure art. it really draws you inside these beautiful mountains and
valleys. the transition of the day and seasons is simply mind blowing.
great work team. one of the best games on android.
sok vannsak : very nice endless runner game! i'm impressed with the art style and
soundtrack. it's so relaxing. it's one the best runner game ever.
eventhough some reviews said its gameplay isn't original though but it is
the game that should be recommended afterward.
arbas ali : what a beautiful game. the music calms your soul. the free mode is
genuinely the best and truest free mode i have ever experienced. in love.
ryan pringle : game constantly crashes. seems to happen every time i get close to
travelling 30,000 meters.
prerna sharma : well i just love this game.. graphics are soo nice.. also it has tasks and different characters to unlock.. keep you engaged must download
ankit shahu : the best music for a game if compared with any of rivals. one in a trillion
type of game. this is all for the game's music, uniquely divine. long live
alto
swapnil thakur : every one has to experience the environment of this game its so
mesmerizing,i rated 4 stars as i was bored with the same stunts and the
same game play but any way the missions and the special characters drive
you in the game. kudos to the team
qui : please don't leave alto's adventure hanging. continue to update the game
'cause i still prefer this over odyssey.
rodie cox : a lot of fun. simple, basic game play. great for commercial breaks or
anytime you have 1 or 2 minutes to do a quick run
kvan lee : great looking game, but the ad to revive and the ad after every other
couple run deters me from trying to continue another run. ads are so
intrusive in this.
a google user : when i was rating this game the maximum amount of stars was 5. that is
weird, because with this games amazing graphics, intriguing game play, and
llamas it deserves 6/5 stars. i recommend it to anyone who wants to relax
and go on an adventure.
hughes bidaite : swap the colors of the coins (bright yellow), with the rocks (dark like
every other bit of landscape), and the game would be much better.
ivan : controller not as well as alto odyssey. the gameplay is awesome. note : im
using the ps4 dualshock 4 controller.
aswini kumar behera : awesome game to make mind relax and the zen mode is also so relaxing and
entertaing.only problem is when you watch video to revive alto game stops
for a while,sometime it plays and sometime not otherwise the game is
fantastic and the best part is you can play without internet.
herbkuffer : very fun game. but whenever i play outside, and in the game it's night, i
can barely see and always hit a rock. can you add something that makes it
always one type of day, like always morning, always night, etc, along with
the normal cycle.
random persson : love the gameplay and aesthetics. the only problem is that i find it near
impossible to spot obstacles in the night cycle. if this is fixed i will
definitely give 5 stars.
kaela ward : not only is this game beautifully made and very relaxing, it taught me
something in zen mode.it taught me to not be afraid to jump, cause in zen
mode there is no dying, no score, just you and the snowy mountains of the
appalachians.
joseph e : the controls frequently freeze up and become permanently unresponsive, only
fixable by closing and reopening the game. also, the game is constantly
crashing, with no discernible cause. the game is great otherwise but these
bugs make it near unplayable.
a google user : edit: i guess even the best games can't resist pay per win business models.
ruined the whole experience. old: great game, great visuals, great
soundtrack. installed last summer still playing.
umaima rehman : this is definitely a fun game. i enjoy playing it during my free time. but
i face problems with control. at times it doesn't function. the character
doesn't jump. no matter what i do until the game is closed entirely.
progress is lost and it's very frustrating
skiddlywoo : i absoulutely love this game. the animation and sounds just go together
perfectly. it's fun and beautiful and its definitely one of my favourite
apps
thc the high channel : well the game is amazing but i have tryed and tryed to get alto odyssey and
it just won't work fix it i really wanna play
ali oyman : i play this everyday everynight! never got bored of playing it fun and competitive game nice smooth graphics and nice control. lots of achievement to do!
redcake : great game i absolutely loved it and cannot wait for altos oddysey in 1
months time, only issue i have is that you can only do back flips, but
amazing game i'm know addicted
tyler champion : this game is so relaxing and wonderful to play! the graphics are so
calming. i love listening to the sounds of rain and the music. the visuals
are awesome, it plays well, i really don't have any complaints with it!
avery bay : super easy, calm game. the only disappointment is that you have to buy the rest of the characters but above all its great!!
abhishek verma : great game ... while playing you will get lost into its mountains & soothing music that makes your mind relax .
i got the dragon : the only problem i have is when i first open the app...the tap acts as if
it doesn't want to work when it first starts but other than that..great
game fun and relaxing indeed
debora chung : love this game. the only problem i have is that, every fifth game or so the
characters won't jump when i tap on the screen. not sure if it's a slight
glitch or just my phone. i have restart the app when that happens. but
anyway it's a great game.
pippin sadler : very beautifully made. this game has lots of mini missions to increase
levels or you can just go snowboarding for the fun of it.
a google user : great game. if you notice the moon actual turns in the background when it
night. does not happens in real life so great yea not much else to say
gino dudley : a very beautiful game. the atmosphere and the soundtrack make the game outstanding. the pace in my personal opinion should be faster to match the lively music. more game modes would be nice too. overall a brilliant experience with unique gameplay and art style. keep up the great work :)
tom mercer : played this game for a while, and it is still one of the best mobile games
i have played. i am excited to see what additions alto's odyssey brings in
the near future.
i morrow : this game is epic its kind of hard at the start though but when you know
when you need to do the tricks it feels like ur the master.
yash wanth : it's really so awoesm game i loved a lot. and the gameplay so nyc, and
sound effect i loved very much
shay mj : ok so its like one of those games that don't suck. i'm looking at you
"pixelcraft" see i like this game because it has a purpose in life not like
"pixelcraft" those games get poor people like a 4 year old looking for game
because they don't have anything to do like my 2 kids. they really don't
care.
b sheehan : love the game but today ads with adult content came up. might uninstall as my child plays the game too. what a pity
angel morales : i really recommend this game to all of you people who want to get the stress off of your life's. it is a good alternative to distract your mind but above all learn something new in this epic and entertained game. i loved it so what are you waiting for? download it and find out by yourself
jonny stamper : simply brilliant, a game of pure simplicity with a relaxing presence to the
game. constantly trying to achieve a higher score and climb though levels.
the no frills graphics are a pleasure to work with, a relaxing game but
still staying alert to avoid rocks, canyons etc. highly recommended for a
download
jason alv : this game is overall a beautiful game, it has amazing music, art style,
easy controls and it feels really good playing the game. definitely
recommended
a google user : this game is crazy fun and i like it very much, but it has some horrible
glitches, such as all buttons disappearing and loss of the ability to jump,
and passing through the ground randomly.
manthankumar satani : the game is great. it has amazing, soft and relaxing music and graphic design are also good. i love it and enjoying it so much. thanks to the developer and thanks to who gave the idea of this wonderful adventure game
mia bourke delaney : i love the graphics and i'm really really love the background and the
scenery but it would be a bit better if you could go a little bit faster
and the jumps would be easier to do that's all i got to say other than that
i love this game
emily may : it won't let me do the backflip thing and i'm just stuck in the same place
guddi rana : the best game i have ever played.i wish i could have installed it earlier.
pleasant sound and ever calm and beautiful background. i loved this
game.
santosh yadav : game is good and eady i like it. but after reach level 20 the game is not
play properly
farimah rostamzad : i really love this game but i hate every kind of rock that make u lose! i try to fly over it but some where it doesn't work and makes me angry!
totheflyingdevice : great game, but i've finished it. it loses it's charm when there is nothing
left to do. update with new challenges please.
petr mikulik : the changing daytime is very beautiful but irritating mechanic. half of the
game you can't see s***.
m k : beautiful graphics and amazing gameplay. you can play forever and not get
bored. i wouldn't mind paying for no ads.
brett b : when the game offers to allow you to watch ad to advance gameplay, shows
the same ad three times in a row and crashes alto all together in the
middle of a good run, this is a great way to get a terrible review for your
app. send me some feedback please.
john newman : two things, make provisions to attack the elder guy, sometimes the player
posture is not clear while back flip with the trees and stuff crossing. add
some slow motion graphics with pause in music while crossing cliffs. add
front flip
raliquint : this is the best game i had played ot changed my life i would rate this
game 10 out of 10
david gerstmann : if i had known this recent update was going to include adds, i would have
never updated. you have absolutely riuned this game. so sad!
a google user : i payed for this game long ago and now the developers turned it into another free to play full of ads and ask us to spend more money to remove the ads. ain't that nice? very thoughtful to your first costumers.
bruno chegancas : love the game. don't know why but randomly it shows advertisement ls its of
sexual related content. lame
zack : too many ads. campfire enemy is way faster and will ride up behind you,
knock you down forcing you to either watch more ads or lose your progress
making this game an unenjoyable grind.
ayush agrawal : the game is great but there is a major drawback. recently i changed my
phone and reinstalled the game. after logging in, i had to start from the
beginning. i lost all my progress. please add a cloud save feature.
mahmoud joudi : it's a great game but for some reasons the controls stop after watching an
ad meaning its unresponsive to gameplay, only the pause button works,
please fix this issue going airplane mode while playing this game for now.
logan kiefer : just such a beautiful game, very fun gameplay, and overall my second
favorite app. my one problem, is that it takes a very long time to get new
characters.
erik s. : this game is a great stress reliever. go in to zen mode and just relax, the
music, the visuals, the gameplay is all great. simple controls tap to jump
that's it. you should get this game. five star
phillip kurtis : the simplicity is a big part of what makes this game fun. the ads are not
unreasonable for a free game, and there aren't a lot of grabs for your
money. a relaxing, well rounded game. earns the devs some respect in my
book :)
varun mishra : i loved playing alto but now it has completely stopped working on my
device. i don't know what has changed but it would abruptly close. please
check still does not work on my old fone but.
reece lujan : amazing simplistic graphics with beautiful environments, multiple
characters with new abilities to unlock, and an endless zen mode to relax
to while the soothing music plays makes this a great mobile game to easily
pick up and play.
eric ereena : it has very good graphics and is very relaxing to play on but i think that
there's a bug doesn't allow the player to jump. otherwise, is very good
the derpy unicorn : good game, but getting away from an elder is literally impossible if there
are no ramps or roofs to get on
kashi shadow : amazing, and still amazing but a small feature like actually making the
games open each other instead of sending to google play when installed
would be nice. honestly i would play both and to make it more awesome,
actually make the oddesy to adventure not just a promo link
a google user : great game but when it's night time i can barely see rocks and i hate that
you can't change the time of day. insert that and the game would be great.
avijit sarkar : i'm not much of game loving person but i like alto. its scenic beauty as
well as music is so soothing.
ronit bhattacharjee : this game is perfect for stress relief ...... just tap into zen mode on a
rainy evening in a dark room and relax with alto
jolie green : it's so relaxing and simple, it's so easy to play and i love the soundtrack
and the intro. also i like how the old man chases you it's a nice touch, lol
a google user : this is so cool! the graphics are awesome, and the music is pretty cool
too! this is one of the best apps i've ever played.
adam finegan : well, i loved it until inevitably they added ads. they ruin the entire
relaxing moments i get from this game of course i could always pay... .
jyotirmoy chakraborty : this is one of the best games ever made. however, it would be great if it
could be optimised for displays such as the samsung galaxy s9+ and other
such displays with aspect ratios of 18:9 and above as it does not cover the
entire screen.
daniel dayton : really fun little game. the graphics are cute and captivating. this is a
great mobile game. update : way too many ads and game locks up going into
or coming out of the ads.
glenn gasner : on newer phones that don't have separate hardware buttons this game doesn't
have a way to exit. so on a galaxy s8 or 9 there is no way to get out of
the game except to reboot the phone.
james fitzgerald : alto's odyssey is a beautiful game that builds on its predecessor. but you
also get nickel-and-dimed by "optional" in-game purchases. the developer is
really trying to push microtransactions in this game. avoid if possible and
play alto's adventure instead.
high kings : alto's adventure is no doubt is a perfect offline game, this game is one which make me 5 star any offline game. graphics, sounds and characters are stunning. what's make this game different and great is it's special zen mode, it's really very relaxing. i gave my review after playing 31 levels and it's truly a good game on play store. keep it up noodlecake studios
jeanette : really beautiful graphics and very soothing to play. this is one of my go
to games. my only complaint is being stuck on the same objective for
months...wish there was a way to just skip it.
kim francis : this game is so much fun and you don't have to spend money to enjoy it. it's calming and really enjoyable and the challenges change per run. not your run-of-the-mill run game.
ian johnston : after a while, the button for video ads stop working to continue to the
level (when you die). so you have to start over, making the goal harder,
but the thing is once you start over they show a video ad right away
anyways...
tama /va : when i'm sking too fast, the coins weren't claim. please fix this thing.
larsjuhh : i have adhd and that makes me angry depressed and sad sometimes but this
game makes me so happy again!! love it! so calm! and love the graphis!
a google user : the game is just awesome and graphics,music are very soothing. i just don't
understand why the pics clicked on zen mode does not come to the gallery in
samsung j7 max.
devon payne : been playing this game since release fairly regularly. a great game to pick
up and play when you have five minutes, or want to zone out for nearly an
hour. love it!
jory freyee : love the game, but decided to buy the coin doubler and it didn't work. i do
not like paying for stuff i don't get. get the game but don't buy anything
because you will not receive it
a google user : i love this game! the gameplay is awesome and there is hardly any ads! i
love this game (i said it again but who cares, it's great)
ray b : it's a good stress reliever game and please can you add aurora borealis
scenery. that would be great!
bilal rauf : it's great, but it lacks when compared to the odyssey. i wish they had similar graphics since they're just set in different places.
paul sutter : hate it will not load crashes before even getting to play it second time i downloaded it
pranav darshan : the addition of zen mode is a brilliant move. the music, minimalist design
and artstyle, and the intuitive controls make this game a must have! keep
up the great work devs
zack shillingford : very good. i would really recommend this to friends. nice to chill out and
play as well. lovely music in the background. easy to use as well.
jason elmer : game is awesomely chill and keep me engaged as i try and complete goals.
only issue is the ads sometimes glitch and crash the game
x49v : great game if you want to kill some time, maybe add something that launches the other game instead of bringing you to the play store.
claire foley : gorgeous game, the soundtrack and graphics are beautiful and the gameplay
is the perfect balance between fun and challenging. zen mode was also a
really great addition for when you just want to relax and enjoy the
scenery, and its own music is lovely! and the characters are all so cute! i
love alto, i've had it for over two years now and i still enjoy it very
much!
a google user : cute graphics. i got bored before there seemed to be any variation from the
tutorial.
sophie wang : i love this game so much, especially zen mode. it's so relaxing and so much
better than meditation. it's really the best game in the world.
cody ballard : great game but fyi developers when using izel i can't watch ads to continue
runs. if i press the watch ad to continue button it just doesn't do
anything.
a google user : i cant find where the photos i take are saved haha.... the art is so
beautiful in this game, wouldnt mind looking at it some more!
jacob frank : this game is great, fun, relaxing, but it the good graphics are ruined when
the game turns to night. the game is almost impossible to see in anything
that isn't a dark room. this game is almost impossible to play in daylight
unless you have an impossibly bright screen.
mark krawczuk : pathetic game. if you don't do any flips you just go flat out with perfect
jumps an landings with touching any thing on the screen !!! it finishes the
game all by it self !!!
siege castelo : pretty much like its sequel, alto's odyssey, this is one of the best games
i ever played on android.
sajjad : hard to play. rocks are hard to find on way. and in night time it goes
worst.
vivian west : the game is beautiful, but it got so hard at the end, but that's probably
my fault
cyriton : this is absolutely my favorite game! best music, great controls ,simply
beautiful graphics, most addictive game i've ever played!
josiah : this is the best game i have ever played i love it! the graphics are
amazing and relaxing. it isnt a frustrating game it's so relaxing and fun.
if i could i would rate this infinity stars every download this game
rah : thanks for zen mode, it's exactly what i wanted after playing the game haha
i felt so immersed in the views even though it's just shapes haha, it's
crazy, so relaxing and stimulating, thank you
rishi kumar : very nice game...i liked the game so much but one problem is that except
alto all the characters are locked and you have to give money from your
account but game is awesome.
omar hezi : i very rarely comment here, but the idea of a "zen mode" of this game as well as its implementation is just... stunning
septiceye sam : such a beautiful game. i like how it has a zen mode where the music is
relaxing. this is my all time favorite game
sandeep chettri : good game . i pefer you all must play for once. peaceful grahpics and takes
you a nice ride in mountains
chetan kanwar : nice neat game . and all that in just under 40 mb package ..good work of
art! ... but no option to save game on the cloud do a uninstall then start
from scratch once again..what use is the google cloud sign in if you can't
save your progress..
ezra fenwick : i love this game, and would play it all the time, except it randomly stops
detecting my touch. this has occurred on multiple devices, and is the only
bad part of this otherwise amazing game.
ciprian anastasiu : i have upgraded to a better device and all my progress is gone... the game
really needs an online save feature so we can restore our progress in the
game when switching devices.
tamal das : not like the alto's odyssey but good game. the music doesn't create any sense in the heart but catching ilama is a great idea. the music is not so good as alto's odyssey. and the atmosphere is not so good and the graphics is not create any good sense.
vultschlange : it's a really good game. good for spending your time and relaxing when
you're travelling without internet.
activity area n 1 : this game i have installed now and i am in level 5 good but difficult excellent
lim kang jay : i've played this game since 2016 i've download on new phone but my progress
has refreshed, the characters that i've unlocked has vanished, mission that
i've completed all gone too, hope developers can fix this save my progress
and characters
muhammad saleh : this game is excellent in every aspect like gameplay, controls, graphics. it is also very relaxing
a google user : the guy doesn't spin fast enough and it's difficult to see the obstacles coming and still have time to prepare for them because of the scenery moving both in front of and in the background of the player.
a google user : dumbest game ever. started fast had no reaction time and the goals are
stupid and hard right away. it's totally not worth it
severus spade : love this game. the design and soundtrack are pleasing. the colors and
backgrounds inspired me to paint again. i appreciate how the characters
have their own strengths and style. i am now a fan.
charles crowcombe : this game is pretty damn good. my only problem is the menu animations are
slightly slow and jittery, but that might just be me. kudos!
anak wuatauw : #almostperfect because this game deficiency item for enliven the user experience but overall this game make me relax from interference
.hekoheko : 5 star for everything. music, controls, gameplay, everything is awesome.
such a simple game but it's incredibly good
suman ghosh : this game is peaceful as hell. the graphics are amazing. the gameplay is
also peaceful. one of the best games and also one the most peaceful
experience i had with this game
pritha ghosh : you are teleported to a different world where you feel nothing but
tranquility around you.
alex deayton : backflips far too slow! general game play isn't all that great either
killer bro meanz bhai : best and fun to play anyone can play it. but it has add a lot anyway is fun
overcome this problem
prasurjya saloi : the gameplay is good. the music is awesome. i couldn't resist this game. it's so so so good. the zen mode music is awesome asf
alex ashworth : loved the game until i just ran too many random issues and glitches
sarah dufresne : i never review games, but this game is so amazing that i have to give it 5
stars. beautiful and serene!
kamel haddad : the coolest game ever and zen mode is the best thing i've ever experienced in games. wooooooooow
aaryan bhardwaj : it's an incredible game; it's tranquil, mesmerizing, beautiful and simply
adorable. the wonderfully designed backdrops are a beauty to look at, and
the simple soulful music elevates the experience even further. this game is
a masterpiece.
ema a : this is my favorite gaming app i've ever gotten on my phone. the graphics are beautiful and the llamas are really cool!
dawn day : i really love this game! the music is zen music and you can play the
unlimited play and listen with your headphones! it's so relaxing! this game
is a 5 star!
nadia amara : a breathtaking game with beautiful graphics, soothing music, and simple
controls. it's easy and endless, but still entertaining and not boring!
though i'm still waiting for alto's odyssey for android platform, i hope
you didn't forget about us, android users.
a google user : does not recognize the taps on the bluetooth logitech keyboard connected to
the asus tinker board. would be a great update so i could give 5 stars.
stanley : game stops responding to controls after using video or paid revive. game
also stops responding to controls after pausing or minimising or locking
screen. come on, how does that even happen?
matt bone : simple chill out game that you can pick up and play and then get lost in.
mahdi karami : generally not bad good graphics and easy controlls but the gameplay is
somehow boaring...
amna : this game should be called as an anti-depression game.. i just love it
no one : this the the best game i ever got. bust music a great time waster for a
long day or waiting for some hours.
maya hey : some bugs! the game shuts down (and exits out of the game) all of a sudden
when a wing suit is used!
hatem ramadan : this game magically helps to release stress after a long day at office.
rupal verma : beautiful graphics, simple concept yet so fun to play. thank you for such
an amazing game!
dakotaraptordominic : it's a wonderful game. full of adventure and it's got me through dark times
and i still play to this day. :)
a google user : great game i loved it its very addictive and calms me down when i'm angry
jeff thepizza : its amazing, the graphics are beautiful and make you want to be there. i highly recommend (imo it's better gan alto's odyssey)
rodney grey : i've been playing this game since it released and it has never failed to
relax and entertain me. one of the most beautiful mobile games available,
without a doubt, but with smooth and elegant gameplay to match. essential.
arifin arifin : i really enjoy playing this game. good graphic, good sounds, gteat
atmosphere. it's a whole nice packaging. thanks for the developer for
delivering such a good game
m tufts : nice relaxing game, not much replayability though and too many features are
behind a pay-wall.
joyce chow : i could select characters and stuff on the menu but my character could not
flip or jump in the game. i am using a mi max phone. please fix it! it has
be going on for 2 days already
adil : the game is really terrific and fun, with stunning visuals and calm music,
all i want to ask is that, i played it earlier and unlocked all
achievements and players. i now reinstalled the game but now the progress
is reset to level 1. i have connected the game with google play. any help
regarding this??
haywad yusufzai : overall it's a great game. it's a very soothing, stress-free game. i very much recommend.
austinl burton : the music is chill and the sound effects are so relaxing. i enjoy this game
very much.
soha nageh elbaroudy : such an outstanding game ! everything about this game is perfect! the music is so calm and relaxing too which makes everything even more beautiful!
eaden jensen : this game is amazing! it's just such a perfect game to sit back and relax
too. i honestly need the soundtrack for this game.
a google user : this game is awesome, the music is relaxing and its addictive. it also have great graphics
samuel davenport : the gameplay is simple, but the music and scenic view throughout is just
incredible. this game is perfect for unwinding.
blahble blue : it's a good game it is just one thing when i tap an add it brings to a
different add
kahil mamodaly : perfect ! very relaxing and no need to purchase anything, just a wonderful
gaming and artistic experience. amazing soundtrack !
d : it has a pretty good gameplay and ui. love the simplistic design and rest
assured it does have a calming effect !
niush sitaula : finally beat all 180 goals. hope alto's odyssey comes soon. great game
indeed.
ammad ali : good game but some task challenges don't understand that what is they say
to do pls clarify it otherwise good n music is very pleasant like it.
william knowles : needs a way to drop from wire grind to ground, do away with hoover it is
pointless.
a google user : its a well defined and good game to enjoy and to forget stress and the best thing about it is:- *it is offline*. its good but now need some updates!
micheal raj : sooooo good i love it mind relaxing best game ever stressfree,
amber gielens : this is such an amazing game! the music is beautiful! the art is soo adorable and detailed. you can tell it took a lot of effort to make this game! i really love the way it all flows. the zen mode is very nice.
waheed k : the most relaxing game i've ever played it's so peaceful huh the game gives your brain a rest if you play it with headphones the music is so relaxing it will make you sleep its music is just so relaxing and nice i played this game for four straight hours and i don't even know about the time this game is perfect for relaxation good job noodle cake studio bravo its awesome and the weather and day and night effects are so beautiful its perfect and if there was a multiplayer like a race it would be great also i recommend more places and more beautiful music its awesome i have played many games but this is the most relaxing and most amazing of all its beautiful pls add a multiplayer i told all of my friends about this game they loved it and they also recommended pvp its awesome noddle cake studios if you are reading this pls add a multiplayer and new places and music
ltryanp : i've played this game for several years on multiple devices. every time, i
have to restart from scratch which i usually don't mind. however, after
installing it on my new phone, i decided to pay to unlock all of the
characters as i've put so much time into it. now, i can't use tips or
felipe, even though i was able to use them after the purchase. can you
please email me and fix this, or refund my money?
a google user : i like everything except the fact that makes me jump and do a backflip
without touching the screen
a google user : it's half decent but just gets boring after a little bit
v n : bug in the game. screen goes dim while playing. player look is to small and that loose interest in the game.
naveen kumar : if you want an action game then you should go for this game. this game is
insane.
willy tanner : it's a copy of ski safari, no matter how much nicer you make a copy, it's
still a copy.
s kay kay : this is a freaking bad game tap it jumps but on my phone it cant
jane p : it is a cool game but i got board very quickly, good graphics and a fun
concept, i just jot board with it
mason hettrick : i have loved this game for years, and i won't stop now.
tommy truzy : i love the game but i think yall should put more bass in the sound so it
can sound more real
dorian sat : it's a really good game. it's a game that you can keep playing and not get
very bored too.
mijia jay : adding to smooth graphics and addictive gameplay, alto's adventure has
beautiful music that just makes you feel calm and happy. this is by far the
best mobile game i have ever played. 30/5.
a google user : beautiful! this game puts me at such ease. it is surreal. this game is v
pleasing both visually and audibly. i think the zen mode is especially
great!!!! takes stress away! thanks again to all the developers for this
gem! cheers!
jack smaal : stopped working after update on my htc desire 816
a google user : this is the most peaceful game i've ever played. why this isn't a movie
yet, i have no idea. insanely smooth gameplay, striking scenery, and the
zen mode is my favorite. outstanding job on this game. also, can't wait for
alto's odyssey! i already know it's gonna be great.
peaceful__ inspiration_ : this is a very fun and peaceful game, the music just adds to the peaceful
feeling, especially zen mode. it is a nice, peaceful, fun game.
setya catur : can you fix the bug.. it's getting worse, sometime it went error and i
can't touch to jump .. also mostly the game become lag
minnni : it is a great game. zen mode is awesome.music is just.....cant describe in
words .graphics are amazing.it is a incredible game.
yoga hardika : great job guys..its great.. its relaxing, wondering how did you guys come
with this idea
a google user : good but you have to aware so small rocks very difficult to see in dark
lupis canis : so, i couldn't even get past the first loading screen, it keeps crashing at
that first loading screen.
ajian nedo : this game is wonderful! graphics are on point and gameplay is so smooth!!
ill give it a 5/5 because its smooth, relaxing and fun.
jordan leonard : love this game. 4 stars because you are taking waaay too long bringing
odyssey to android.
kai shan baik : i really really appreciate this, words can't describe how i felt playing
this.
kyriel lupien : amazing game! beautiful, fun and relaxing even. barely any micro
transactions, no "lives" like other games, so you can keep playing as much
as you want. challenging but not stressful, fun goals to reach for each
level which add up to unlocking new characters. no complaints at all, it's
a great game! if i had maybe just one suggestion, it would be to add
different songs as unlockables? although the music is already quite
gorgeous on its own :)
wolfie : one of the best games for android. smooth, enjoyable, simple. the
soundtrack is literally music to your ears. get this and it's sequel.
albert mikaj : great game overall hence the 5 stars. great gameplay beautiful graphics and
such a relaxing soundtrack. great work from the devs
a google user : love this game one touch controls means can jump in whenever loads of nice
little touches, stuff to work towards and building combos is amazing great
game
skylark : beautiful game. can play for hours and never know it just relaxing on the
slopes.
foxeh88 : very relaxing. earphones recommended, rain and thunder sounds amazing.
idoko anthony akebe : amazing game..... been a while i enjoyed a game on my mobile. d music is sort of soothing and d weather changes just takes me places in my head ..... love it
a google user : i love this game. i used to have a glich when i got a powerup. thanks.
jesse moore : great game to kill a little time with tight controls and great visuals.
jj elite03 : alright game, nothing special. definately wouldnt pay for it but its a
decent time waster as long as its free
a google user : this game is buetiful and i love the fact it has to game modes in my
opinion my favourite is zen mode as when i fall i don't have to re start
onto a new game i just get back up again if i was the maker of this game i
would be proud of myself as this game is art
a google user : this game is meant to be relaxing game,isn't it?then why it is sooo much
frustrating? the rocks/fire are so dark and i keep on crashing into em
shubham kaushik : love the minimalist design... especially the zen mode... takes you to a
different world... seeing the day pass as the sun sets and the moon rises
with the beautiful music in the background is something beyond
explanation... deepens my love for the mountains!!
nick mello : perfect! it is simply a journey to play! great scenery, music, game feel and it is simple to pick up and play!
franz fortuno : the game crashes when i snowboard on the flags or roofs
a google user : this game is amazing!!! i love it it so relaxing hardly ever any ads and
the the graphics are awesome.get it!
bill cunhs : i have not had many issues but a couple of the goals i cannot cannot figure
out. if someone could give me a clue it would be appreciated. i cannot
figure out how to do the proximity backflip.......no clue. also collecting
coins while flying with the wingsuit. any advice or clues? thanks. bill
cunhs
ravi gupta : who so ever had made this know that what a gamer needs
m rafa : can't wait for alto odyssey,nice game tho keep up the good work
lukas lucas : paid for the app and i'm getting ads. not happy
a google user : papa ous tes will also be joining me in the evening as i will not have any
of my son who has not been given any e for my school and the reason i have
not seen the first scan for the last three days as i have been unable for
i just gave five stars
xxn3phee xx : perfection + simple gaming this game is my favourite and i think it's
perfect.
nancy desoto : i think its a nice game, it's a bit challenging but my favorite part of
this is the music!
dr umashankar prasad singh : loved this game .. especially the endless mode!! thats just awesome..
background music makes the experience even more beautiful ... also the way
of resurrection after you fall into the chasm .. everything's just too good
.. its the best endless mode i have played ever ... i just loved it! you
guys nailed it!!
david r : last update brought an abundance of ads that pop up in between 2 and 5
turns.
kat flores : such a nice relaxing game. beautiful graphics and calming music. i love
playing this game before going to sleep!
waffly sundew : does it end! i guess we'll never know
hly knightmare : complete game ! congratulations noodlecake, you made it incredible
amjad : it is the best game i played. it is really wonderful. waiting for alto
odyssey!
yaroslav bar. : a game made from a heart. but sometimes freezes
ninja rabbit : i thought it's better than alto's odyssey! a game that requires no wifi! the best mobile game for road trips!
noah lewis : i love this game! the art style is gorgeous and so cute. it's so
minimalistic yet so addictive!
anabelle luvena : beautiful graphics, simple gameplay and absolutely awesome! will totally
recommend!
rawle ross : this is a good game it helps me calm my nerves and relax form the day
laiza azevedo : simple, yet captivating. love the game, it's just amazing. great to play
when in need of something relaxing.
jasmine h : nice game. i fell a couple of times when i pressed the button
a google user : this game is beautiful. it's peaceful but interesting and excited and the graphics are so perfecf
saptarshi das : the game usp is easy controls and beautiful background... eagerly waiting
for the next game of alto's
ben horwood : love the game, sadly i have to uninstall it to space on my phone and there
isnt anything really drawing me back to the game, amazing game, beutiful
and fun to play dont get me wrong and i do recomend playing it but maybe
bring something new to the game ?
michael mauff : such a joy to play this game. the music is relaxing and smooth as. highly recommended!
tobias gammal : well, it's beautiful and overall well made although it's just another
*stare at the screen... stare at the screen... press!!.. stare at the
screen*-game. it's a bit relaxing but gets boring very quickly.
amar le jeon : when i was playing by using headphone it feel real thunderstorm...and game
is so awsome man
jay fenwick : i love this game and when i'm stressed i'll usually just turn zen mode on, thanks for this simple yet peaceful game!
wilson agad : backgrounds are blinding. can't even see the skater. lol!
ian jones : more than 2 years still haven't deleted this yet
cristodia b. toledo : i really like this game i like the art style the graphics the music and other things but i like how the music is peaceful the music matches perfectly!!
a google user : crashes on redmi note 3 within 5sec of opening
drew barrett : they just updated the game to add ads. scummy publishers.
m s : amazing this game is absolutely beautiful! it's such a good looking game!
the creators did such a great job, it's wonderful. it's a simple game, but
it never failed to relax me! awesome job guys! i hope you make more
beautiful games in the future!
joshua wilbur : very nice game overall... enjoyable! grinding is not a burden, if u want to do it to get some nifty upgrades... but it's fun right out of the gate!
lord beerus : i love this game sooooooooooooooooooooooomuch seriouslyi
want some more of these game i am waiting for altos abndessy for android
plz plz plz release it iam waitinh somuch plz plz plz plz plz release on
android ....
faisal mi : don't ask me how they made such a nice game. absolutely marvelous!!!
saroj mhrjn : this game is totally cute and sweet play.. but dnt allow this game to low
version mobile as 4.1.2 its hangs up.. the game 4.6 version so nice but
some low mobile cant take it on.. so dnt allow .. its bad for them.
adam houin : this game has some of the absolute best asthetics, music, and sounds. it's
so relaxing, even when you're not doing well!!
hans eliezer : i payed for 28000 coins but i did not receive. payment system is bad!!!
pizza man : this such a good and relaxing game! can't wait for alto's odyssey
anas alwhaib : seriously it's the best game i ever played on my phone.
adrian m : it's bad bc i dont know how to play
a google user : pretty cool graphics. very addictive. i love that it has evolving missions.
sudath gunaratne : nice game. beautiful background. beautiful music. felipe is very sweet. good gameplay. i like it
deven murphy : alto should flip faster, it would allow for more stunts.
temp : the game need to add modes and other rewards, still the game has a awesome
bgm.
der. : this game... this game is so relaxing. and great for screenshots because of
the great graphics
sachin m : it's just a mind blowing game. i really loved it
nicklaus p : fun and relaxing game ruined by awful ads after each run.
charlie : i had an earlier version... it didn't have ads. watching a video ad was optional... i understand the need to make money... but the change is a little too much... i hate the video ads.
padmika mahesh gunawardhane : awesome game ! really addictive ! specially liked the graphics and
background music is transcendent.
irandom : the game wouldn't let me jump, and it had typos
jodie sampson : i love this game. chilling out on a sunday afternoon stuff. going to try
the next one.
armin gux : there is a zen mode try it it's really relaxing. a work of art.
cameron troscianiec : this game is the definition of serenity, and relaxation, cool powers and
riders with different abilities/advantages
soup : very relaxing, this is the kinda game that makes you want to buy it.
akhilsanthosh akhil : i like this game it was very interesting. and i don't feel bored while
playing this game
a google user : wastage of time boring game against
a google user : great graphics and relaxing soundtrack. kinda makes you feel like you're in
the game.
colin laurie : an absolutely amazing game, such a chill game but very addictive. 10/10
raj rawal : in this game like most thing is sounds and graphic sounds is wonderful
waqar zahid : one of the most bland and boring games on the play store.
katherine g : so addicting! i love the music and the graphics-- and the llamas! it's a
very creative idea.
ronnie duwayne : challenging, but not overly . and something about it is kinda soothing
satria galih : wonderful. i love the gameplay, the graphics, and moreover it's very
addictive
luis miguel carvalho : meh.. controls are quite limited all you can do is tap (jump) or hold (flip)... music is nice, scenarios too.. sunset and night time are a bit too dark.
a google user : really love the art, and how fluid the gameplay is. makes for a fun
challenge
d joshuva : absolutely fantastic game not addicted bt interesting to play long time
falxin : i loved this game, but now it's really making me piss off!! even after signing in google play i lost all my data!!! my all achievements are still in google play but ingame it's showing i don't have those which i already achieved!!! fix it!!
a google user : it is amazing. i just installed it. the graphics are so beautiful. the controls are soooo smooth. i totally love it. ..
swaggy do stuff : couldn't even log in but really liked the game
a google user : this game is amazing!!!!!!! although i would like it moreif you could add
in a front flip button that would be cool. great game
yashar : the sound and music is great i could spend hours in zen mode :)
nathan kaylor : beautiful, peaceful, and enjoyable. one of my favorite games to unwind to!
aidan salladin lachance : best game ever. i recommend that you play on zen mode.
harsh pai : very nice graphics and smooth silky gameplay. addictive game. sent hours finishing it.
marawan helal : awesome game very relaxing but i can't wait until the second alto game
yeho delgado : zen mode always put's me to sleep
ritesh upadhyaya : excellent graphics and gameplay. the best part is the immersive music.
can't wait for odyssey.
rudranshu samanta : brilliant music! amazing gameplay! beautiful scenery! waiting for their
next master piece
dhwanil patel : awesome graphics and scean and also camera effect, sound good. i like it
pekabo o : i like to play it in the morning and using headphone.the audio really good
and feel fresh
danderson animation : very relaxing. a must try game you should play.
a google user : the graphics are amazing the gameplay is great and it's just very adorable
and it's a great time killer
ashutosh ghodasara : it's one of the best games that i've ever played!
gold 123 : super graphics, animation and superb music. i've never played adventure
games like this. keep going!!!!!
a google user : beautiful and relaxing game with relaxing music but when alto odyssay will
be available for android i want that game
zerich marow : this game is beautiful, has great music, and is addicting in gameplay. play it.
kent chitwood : i hated this it was .the only reason i gave it 2 was because the
graphics are really good.
abdelrahman elhout : most relaxing game ever , i actually got a100,000 as my best score
jagirapu nikhil : the game is so relaxing.the graphics and the background music are the
standouts of this game.simple and beautiful .
gauri bhatnagar : love the game zen mode is perfection. just what we wanted
jacob davis : love love love this game. really excited for alto's odyssey!
agnes larasati : love the game,love the graphics,love the music, it's challenging i love it
so much
reece mitchell009 : everything's tailored. hammered out all the little bugs now i'm just doing
a couple sessions a day to finish that last achievement. other than that
odyssey is out now too. on to that adventure
reedskis : everything about this is awesome except when it transitions into night
riding mode its too dark.
yas bassiouny : from the soundtracks to the graphics to the game flow ..this is simply
beautiful..thank you
maikel : great and smooth graphic. simple gameplay and addictive. very nice
the end : damn cool game to kill some time on bus
a google user : perfect game, beautiful scenery, good music, so relaxing, good graphic,
nice control, & good gameplay. i very very love this
shubham trivedi : launch alto odessey we're dying for it.
wayne rare : finished once . try too better last score .great karma feel game
life of milu! : i played this game years before. it's one of my favourite game. very
peaceful game.
ayla jane stephens : best game everrrrr!!!! i love this game soo much!! i could play it forever!
it's got beautifully simplistic graphics and gameplay! plus the music is
just wonderful! easy to learn, hard to stop playing! i would recommend to
litteraly anyone! i told all my friends about it, now they're hooked too!
love, love ,love it! simply wonderful. 10/10!
tyler rogers-milligan : very simple but fun. a great way to pass time.
theguywholooksweird : i love this game but everytime i get a powerup my game freezes!
jonathan : it is a work of art. wonderful to play and the music is so relaxing and cool
rii : it's a pretty game with nice music. zen mode is prob my fave
jason switkes : it's great. i saw you guys made a second one, but i can't find it? i guess
it's not on android yet. you need to get it to the play store so android
users can play it
julisss flores : it is like an adventure gaming but so adicting i can almost for 24 hours
any ways congrats
josh daniels : best game ever, but needs to have an icon for the pixel launcher.
abhishek tidke : great game it is.. helps me to relieve stress
neil anderson : first its a very beautiful game and second why does it crash when im going
far but i really liked it but please fix it
a google user : the gameplay is very nice,it relaxing and i like the sound tracks.i like
it.
fakhori : great game one of the best and rarest beautiful games in play store or any
store. ps: you're really not considering releasing alto's odyssey in here
are you ?!
tserratos63 : it was a verey interesting game good control and great graphics
adnan ali : very nice graphics. relaxing and gameplay is very smooth. quite an
achievement
dheeraj bisen : this game very very very very interesting friends please you can install
and enjoying this beautiful game
lake adedamola : simply soothing with its music. graphics is awesome and leaves me wowing in
between plays.
gaurav singh : awesome in every aspect. graphics gameplay and above all its fun.
joseph rozario : one of the best adventure games in android. play to win game. graphics
xxxxx gameplay xxxxx controls xxxxx overall xxxxx
emerald_2017 : it needs a little bit of improvement, but it has a beautiful background and
graphics
ron lewis : super fun game! relaxing and hard to put down.
atulya vinayak : nice and intresting game with very good graphics and sound quality
keegan mcrae : awsome game i wish that they made more games
anusree dey : everything is awesome but the progress should be synced with google account
munish kamboj : very nice game but night mode not ok
parham aghazadeh : i loveit but if have the more character that be lovly
a google user : i love the game on how you can do tricks and it goes faster as you go
odudu paul : its one of the best game ever it a time consuming game
octavio ortiz : very nice app, get a little boring after some time
a google user : this is the best game ever the graphics ate super real and the controls is
good
evillblood trinity : its great smooth gameplay and relaxing music keep up the good work
naveen kumar : great visuals the graphics are awesome and its very addictive and relaxing
and simple gameplay
just a toaster : relaxing, fun, and peaceful. its good that people make games like this.
philip scott : amazing! just download! nothing more needs to be said
kyle m.e. : the graphics are so sleek, smooth, simple yet so amazing, what a great game
:d
a google user : the game hides it's shallow gameplay behind it's beautiful visuals.
vishnumohan bss : nice time killing game!!but.....!end less keeping on playing keeps u booring
judah morton : the most creative,amazing and fun game to play!
jack whittaker : i find this game really relaxing and i would definatally recommend this
game to everyone
a google user : this is cool game to play and feel in like a snow but make a player little
closer to vision and is helpful to see a player easily and play easily
a google user : love this game very addictive, patiently waiting on alto odyssey for
android tho.
vineet kumar : jumping feature is not working.
durga sai : iam going to restore my device how to save my game kindly help me
a google user : great game i have ever played in my phone great graphics best music best
addictive game
mckenna g : i love the graphics, the music, and the controls! it's so easy and calming!
a google user : awesome game play and relaxing love this game and i was waiting for new
version
a google user : i really enjoy this game, it is fun and awesome! it is one of my favorites
on my phoneits a must to download...
joe hoskin : one of the most beautiful mobile games i've played.
els 375 : hi developers wonderful game please instill a race or dual mode to the game
that would be very exciting
sean : great game but can never play it as it never registers tapping the screen to make alto jump
a google user : worst game in my life plz don't install it guys plz
gourab dhabal : very good game.kindly try kumonga infinty runner game.
foodexpa g. : such beautiful artwork and easy to play! (love the new zen mode!)
justin ray : i love the game play and the graphics. this is now my favorite game
pink kitty : i love the music i actually almost falled asleep i love this game!!!
a google user : cant press on anythingggg, i tried tapping and tapping it jump wont jump
high garden two : lovely graphics sound disine music and over all game play
nope nope : beautiful graphics and weather effects, excellent gameplay.
tyler lankford : this game was made with passion.
chris donohue : the perfect game if you have five minutes or five hours.
zakimals : great game, very relaxing, i love the music
dito talakhadze : great graphics and characters wish u could tilt forward as well while doing
a flip would be better with more upgrades and items
rob ot : useless. let the game run itself & forget about it.
elwin : this game makes me smile :)
riz : no other game is better than this
gideon mahoney : great time killer. go to game when i'm bored. love it!!!
mashrur turjo : amazing minimalistic graphics. and that zen mode bro. too good.
a google user : awesome graphics ! nd the music is also nice ! really nice game !
maroth astuga : do not watch an ad to revive it doesnt let you jump until you close and
reopen the app
julia hicklin : beautiful game nice and relaxing on zen mode and perfect sound/music and
graphics!!!
feuerkraft : this game has breathtaking graphics and gameplay is awesome!!!
tittoo 49 : supper game but it's same as sky safari .but the game is intesting
a google user : why i take the lama? im sad why dont wolf? or dog ? not the lama.! i
love the lama! and bye.
a google user : awesome game.also a great time pass with pleasing sound.
dhia shabrina : the art is so gooooooooood, very relaxing!!
rupam bhattacharya : awesome . graphics quality is excellent.
kshitij dhawale : soothing graphics, peaceful music very addictive.
itsa jukebox : chill game but after all this time still no 18:9 support :/
mayank sharma : best game ever.. the zen mode is amazing with the calmest music i've ever
heard..
a google user : it's very great game i play very good backgrounds and very attractive game
annie tee : it's a really fun game to pass the time with.
m m : altos's odyssey for android yet?? adding more stuff to pay for in this
version but no word on the new game even after it came out for ios several
months ago.
tek_edits : you have inappropriate ads you should have better ads!
farhan ahmed : the new alto odyssey supports adaptive icon but why not altos adventure
support adaptive icon......
adarsh mohan : not working. every time i open it says its not working, fix it.pls
a google user : this game is a great time waster and very addictive.
a google user : such a fun and calming little game with great graphics and soundtrack.
lavesh jagwani : beautiful calming game, with soothing graphoics and amazing gameplay.
jessie b : really fun! pretty challenging too.
cecil james : it's a nice game, i sometimes have problems with the hover feather
a google user : great game... it actually takes you to another world
joshimanaic : this game is a masterpiece. love the graphics, the art, environment and the
music. 5/5
sai varun : the music is the heart of this game which relaxes my mind.
jordan huggins : one of my favorite all time mobile games.
a google user : beautiful game. just 1 thing. why so dark at night? are you trying to
compete with dc?
a google user : got boring after 5 days of play.
kiran yadav : endless option is awesome but it can be better
a google user : it is superb game make multiplay race
a google user : amazing best game ever must download
finto babu : beautiful game nice animations nice music everything is perfect.
nater bater : great game. you guys should make a skateboard variant to this game.
a google user : it's gameplay is poor but music and sounds is too good
ajay arbale : love the zen mode! stress-buster.
jack ryan : very cool and fun game 10/10 would recommend
raizel suoh : this is my 1st game in android and i don't get it tired of it
jay b : simply beautiful :) especially the music.
winston abraham : overall..good enough.love the theme and vector background
johnny.b reborn : this game is 1 big emotional trip thanx peeps
saskia : it has very nice graphics and controls are simple
savan gurjar : cleanest graphics but more importantly nice gameplay
a google user : good i hope many people play this game
muhammad ammad mushtaq : great graphics good controls very beautiful game
pinku pannu : tis game is quite simple nd interesting. moreover, it has a eligent nd relaxing music..... i love it....
sanket kamble : you guys have done really great job.... seriously awesome
kabelo matabane : probably the best mobile game i've played. it's beautiful.
connor muia : grate game to play on free time lots of fun
its johnny : i like the graphics of this game its very relaxing
alistair bird : i've not stopped playing this game for a straight week
kai monique : i love how soothing it is seen db also how calm it is.
camilla wilson : i wish that i could change the background but i still love it!
brian evans : very smooth and fun to play. llamas.
boo hansol : it's amazing wow i wish i downloaded it before
ravi kumar : great graphic and smooth control ,best game ever
luvgonzo : just a really cool beans game.
a google user : it's a calming adventure game that keeps you focused
octogerald : breath-talking views with simple, fun, and quick gameplay.
asan joshua : wow nice game best in the world adventure game i like it
a google user : great simple game with beautiful artwork.
a google user : this is a wonderful game. the picture quaility is good in this game.
elliot clipsham : good but there are a few bad aspects to this game 1 sometimes completing a
mission does not count 2 the after death loading screen glitches so you
cant skip challenges 3 kiss the rail missions are bugged out
antony the old dog : totally addition . absolutely love this game
fiona gruneberg : great game would recommend this to everyone.
a google user : it's a really adventurous game i just love the game
sami : addictive game, complete fun! will there be more soundtracks in game? please do the music makes the game even more fun.
a google user : it is beautiful and so enjoying to play
pennil buru : cool and takes your concentration... relaxes the mind
aarti nanda : please don't do night i cant see anything
mrsk : where i can see my picture that i saved it
prity pandey : awesome graphics best music for game and i like this game
rio franadi : why i cant load this game, everything back to 0.
shannon : every peaceful and simple game. i love it :)
karen parker : this is a fantastic game, sounds, images, fun, and challenging. i love the
llamas.
gabi mara : one of my favorite games in mobile.
la tech support : too bad you've added add. annoying. time to install.
amrish sagar : i wish i could give five stars to the music too.
ema bagi : just perfect! beautiful and the most interesting game ever!! bravo
designers
gabriel&mikhael ole : this is a very good game, for those who loves adventure game
a google user : give full screen gameplay in next update
blak chirwa : this game is absolutely amazing and i love it
thulasimani muthuvedi : very nice graphics sound environmental good
barbara jones : its just a great game hands down
a google user : awesome game so excited for the next one
a google user : its perfect and beautiful and the music is so peaceful
a google user : i love this game so very challenging
a google user : beautiful game with super sound track
mark white : easy to pick up and play.
rajib sarkar : best timepass game you'll ever play....i kind of love it... playing all the
day
manu janardhanan : the music is amazing. it's really captivating.
ksupes : great game with not a lot of ads
dil raju : very very nice game play
a google user : i love this game very much
ebonyonce : i loved this game. so relaxing and well designed
james dean : looks great, kinda hard to contol
solid credit : i think it sucks bigg balls!
emon : really amazing game.sounds are very cool and charming!
sam patience : beautifully made game. simple and relaxing
zakee khattak : admit it, it's not about the llamas - it's about the sweet flips.
desiree ferreira : best game i've ever played on android should make more of these e x p l o s
i v e game keep it up!!!!!!
thomas elui : tell you what.. this game is super relaxing, the environment, music,
graphics.. i really love it
julian rey : great little game. i've spent hours on it.
crazy gamer 02 : it's an amazing game it's beautiful
arek uchymiak : nice game but ad infested
ahmed elazony : it's really good good aspecially graghic
zltv : 1 star cuz android users are waiting for the odyssey too long
a google user : amazing game, its zen theme is soo....... good, i'll recommend it to everyone
flood : best and most relaxing game ever invented.
najeeb altnji : it makes me relax , thank you for this game
julia gracia : i love it. simple to play and great graphics
light blade : so good its. relaxing
thayalan chelladurai : wow.... breathtaking graphics and music.. brilliantly designed... hats off.. loved it... thank you..
jancy gonzalez : great graphics and music is amazing.
rishabh chandel : hey guys... it's one of the best game i ever played... i love the
character...music...landscapes...the scenarios...the weather... everything
is awesome... keep doing the good work guys... love the game..
amad morris : would be good to play while being high
kellie fitzgerald : beautiful and relaxing. perfect commute game.
nhat nhatlita : omg... i feels like em... relaxing.. i love the zen mode, enjoying the bgm...really love the bgm.
a google user : it is a very fun game to play when you are bored
a google user : can anyone tell jumb for long
lizette dominguez : i loved it i always play it good job
dad : anyone else find the "press tab on your mobile device after watching an add
and get the 500 coin reward again" glitch??
a google user : ads suck, rest good
ubeidullah cassia : very good. awesome game for non wifi
ashton m : i think that the game is a lot of fun
angel swain : amazing graphics, beautiful and soothing music, relaxing
jaykumar kolety : it's really a soothing game
thien minh tran hoang : great graphics, great music
latisha ward : awesome game and i love it.
shijin c s : really a nice game with melodious music
sam hodych : just a really fun little game
carol iangngap : i have played it before and loved it
jason robb : it is great everything is 10 stars
hi tam : vry good and simple game ever
nikhil thakur : melody sound as well as fantastic game
pink lee27 : cool game needs high concentration
bruh : great game no glitches for me
masood nayeemullashariff : a very good nice game
anup krishna : good minimalistic game ever played
archade awesi : its really relaxing especially the view
priya tapade : ski safari 2 is better than this
joshua beetem : a boring remake of better games
championbudlight : this game is so i totally recommend this game
shankar debnath : the most refreshing game i have ever played... awesome nd flowless music...
just refreshing of mind...
nobel immanuel : lost all my progress, sucks
hjplant : perfect, perfect, perfect! now, release odyssey on android!
aditya sabnis : tupa does not collect all the items it passes such as coins, super coins or magnets. please fix it.
a google user : this game is so wonderful it makes you feel sureal and peaceful. thank you
so much to the developers..
honey online : wingsuit issue ...wingsuit take out of the game ....there are some bugs
owen madamba : great game worth a download.
dave gerrard : uses a lot of network data while in play.
surfbeatle : too time consuming!
manas bhatt : needs to improve visibility in night cycle.
aly sheen : this game is absolutely amazing it's soooooo aesthetic and the graphics are
amazing along with the sound track every thing is amazing
a google user : finally got a game worth playing!!!
marcela padilla : this game is so exciting to play!!!
aniket gosavi : i completed this game long time ago so uninstalled it but after downloading
again my all unlock characters are gone this is not good devs plz give my
all characters back i really like this game
ratul talukdar : it's a really addictive game..i highly recommend it.
a google user : bahut accha game hai please khelo
kamakshi verma : the most zen game ever
ammar khalid : this game is so relaxing. sometimes it makes me sleepy. i like this game
so much.
connie waye : its really fun i played it for a while but it can get a little repetitive
it has some tiny flaws but overall the graphics are good it is fun to play
to pass the time and it doesnt lag and i think it is amazing
sudhansu shekhar nayak : it is a smooth game and it have smooth sound
abad ashan : beautiful and elegant in it's ways
elyar nova : the graphics are amazing & the gameplay is awesome!!!
chacha : relaxing.. it helps me to be calm.. it helps me alot.
tt : love it, especially zen music
ignutty : it's very addictive and fun
shagufta rather : good for passing your time.
omkar tillu : just the best endless game.
rookie odst : love the music it's so relaxing
kumar kaushlendra : i enjoy playing this everytime.
dev kaushik : very addictive and relaxing game.
moritz wallis : hyped about alto's odyssey!
a google user : you will love this game this game has an infinite mode where you can relax
and do flips without the worry for falling and not getting back up and in
challenge mode you can complete objectives to level up and get chased by
elders
torrey self : all other games should be measured by this!
carlos eduardo gomes bila : this game is amazing simple.
eishal fatima : it's great .can't wait for alto's odessey..it's really relaxing!..
a google user : would purchase the alto socks if yall accepted google play credits
y v : overrated... really boring... and you need to pay to get the characters..
agbo samson : night view sucks..... can't see the rocks at night
a google user : loved it. calming, ambient experience.
alireza maani : it is good just as a hobby!!
a google user : i think it's really awesome game i loved it
catherine wood : the most beautiful game.
dan bright : most beautiful, fun-to-play free game available.
m. faiq : supercool game broh!!!! wow amazing, keep it up developers
irving san juan : i love the game. it's both relaxing and challenging..
chibu-udom chikere : i think more weather graphics should be added like an avalanche and a change in the location e.g. from mountains to like a river
a google user : cool graphics....many types of weather.....specially rain....heart touching
music.......
sujan singh manhas : love this game.. best game play.. and the most amazing the *tune*
reinaldo caeiro : simple, calming and relaxing. no wi-fi needed :)
original tomkat : can't cancel a jump, once you commit, that's it. can't tell the difference
between foreground graphics and rocks. it's a tree. no, it's a rock!
"%$!@$%#!@$#%@!!"
a google user : oh man what can i say? i love this game. the music is so relaxy and is so
awesome. i love this game
a google user : it's really a good game
lonewolf theunissen : love it especially zen mode
alin regmi : awesome game. really appreciate your work.
gateway verizon : awesome thanks for the heads up!
megoso korilla : one of the best android game!
randy swope : i don't think it's fun!
a google user : i super love this wonderful game .
didra rayyan : its really relaxing! love it!
balkrushna lawar : without music, i can't play this game awesome
a google user : i absolutely loved it. is their any other type of games like this?
dell pangcoga : when im in the ramp i tap to jump but it sometime does not reach the other side pls fix it
gimme ur dirty socks : i love this game better than the second
a google user : great game.. just improve little bit graphics..
vinothraj k : awesome game.graphics super.entire platform nice......
lemmy fan : deserves the hype, love it, great, love it, great, love it, great lo-
durlov phukan : nicw game, good graphics. love this.
liam mcphee : very fun and addicting..... easy contols
niraj pawar : can u add an option to change the day, nights and seasons? plzz.
kristian rossa : great, chill, beautiful music, graphic :)
maru : sometimes it wont jump. so i have to restart the game
blebletaco : the lammaalla police are hackers
jahid hassan : this is awesome game.i love it
harshvardhan vaidhya : amazing trance trip that's what i need after work stress.
a google user : best graphics for android game!!!
jeosh chua : the real stress reliver game.
ved : you will love it.
amish jadhav : booring.. copied of a game..
promise mohomane : i have only two words for this game, its awesome!!!!
samiran chakravorty : very soothing game.
a google user : wonderful game .. graphics super
roshan raj : very relaxing game loved it!!!!
vipul kothari : best aap.... love this game
a google user : best graphics
naufal hisyam fasya : super great graphics!
a google user : addictive , time killer ,just try it
huzaifa babar : best relaxing game of all.....
talha hasan : coolest game...very much pleasant...
a google user : it's so cooooooool
shomu kundu : game is just spectacular!
d u d e : beautiful, relaxing, and fun!!!
jason dc : this is so fun!
a google user : i love the game
a google user : very bad game
sabahruddin abdul karim : thanks for the new adventure.
daniel noyce : calming, but with content
divyansh kashyap : it's a relaxing game
joseph jibin : good game... nice music...
ethan parliament : it's a beautiful game
dante weaver : this game is amazing!
a google user : very nice game...
drizzle cole : stunning, its a winner
a google user : good graphics and controlls...
a google user : very professional and lovely.i suggest it
deepak 09 : nice bg music... and a lovely game...
asadullah sharief : it should store my data so that i can play again. by this i would not have
to start from the starting.
assia kh : i love this game *-*
cobsonblok61 : the best game i've ever played on android
david rh : it is the best game ever!!!!!!
a google user : awesome! loved it
robyn wheeler : amazing graphics!
mlg snip3r : ahhh...so calm in here.... 10/10
a google user : nice game.. i like this game
musharrof shishir : relaxing adventure!
tungsten liver : love it. no problem with it.
navin sarathchandra : five stars for everything *****
a google user : it is a good relaxing game
rajat godara : very nice and peaceful game
dea overkill : good game for any time
sidunivers2 sid : ! music like a magic !
filip m : great graphics and good for relaxing
tio cefinho : simply love this beautiful game
badlyblonde : so relaxing. lovely.
han browning : beautiful animation!
understrike betancourt : suddenly added advertisements at the end of every 3 runs and during some runs the game doesn't detect when you tap to jump.
tallie star : one word. amazing.
a google user : you cant beat the first stage!?
adfh1234 : amazing. no words.
amir hossein moradi : the most relaxing game
game rider : i love everything about this game
sun sun : just loved it and keep rocking
a google user : the awesome game in the world
a google user : marvellous snowboarding and great theme
joe munga : best game on the app store
a google user : it is a best game of action
sudhanshu singh : good graphics and good mechanics
a google user : nice music and good game
manoj sharma : this is very good game
a google user : i love the scenery and the music
kiran ravindranath : i love the zen mode
aarav mhatre : awesome game love it
projekt crimson : its amazing and the graphics are phenomenal
a google user : love the graphics and the game play
john woods : brilliant simplicity and loads of fun
nate dogg : i love the music and the story
a google user : nothing to do so boring
shahin shahidi : have a hard air balance
a google user : the game is so cool
malachi rhodes : it is so fun that it is adictive
a google user : the best game ever
aisyah amanah : i need to work hard
z musa : this is beautiful.
herald ocampo : highly recommended.
robert kalman : very relaxing.
saatwik bhowmick : breathtakingly beautiful.
bongani mpashe : thumbs up
hetal parekh : love this game time killer game
joseph gil caspe : fun and relaxing.
amulya jose : love this game..
kathleen cunningham : pretty good :-)
prithviraj : great soothing game
s ibrahim : how do i access zen mode? love the game
yashwant jha : boring game but good
kristie colon : when is atlo oddest coming out?
r lexirato : great game..
a google user : all thing is nice
m yudi permana : relaxing game:)
bhulekha kalita : good graphics
a google user : top
dakota holcomb : it was boring
raj gaurav adarsh : perfection
zaki ashraf : how to protect yourself for elders ? can anyone help ?
andre szarmach : man this game rocks.
jerosi crosse : this game is a amazing
mehemmed ferzani : this game is perfect
mahmoud abdelal : this is relaxing game
a google user : awsome game love it
vaughn hessburg : awesome i loved it
a google user : i truly love it
kamlesh bhatt : this game is great
a google user : i love this game
simon andres : nice calming game
dragos pahontu : one of the best games
aadarsh sharma : the great graphics
mitchell walters : love the artwork and music
jessie he : so fun and addictive
mr. pibbeds : this game is awesome
a google user : simple and very relaxing
emmanuel obine : this game is amazing
dimas muhammad : most emotional soundtrack
a google user : really i love it
bhaskar a c : cool relaxing game
destiny : this game is awesome
nenu : amazing graphics and songs
madhu gautam : the weather in this game is greatt
ke vinli ggan : no explanation of controls.
a google user : i love this game
a google user : this is a good game
vaisakh vellalloor : nice graphics and music
pok ri : this game is relaxing
xxmehairbi xxmehairbi : it is a best game
a google user : this is awesome game
susan rowe : very calming and beautiful
taha hussein : the definition of awesomeness
ghanshyam das : simply awesome
ghady 14 : very relaxing
abhideep sinha : graphics is awesome
quanti : game won't load.
spxry : relaxing and chilling
a google user : fun and beauty
dennis sw lo : cool thanks
sai praneeth : nice graphics
ashish narula : extremely relaxing
a google user : why is there no wingsuit rocket for tupa?
mohit .johar : thank you for this game
yotta km : the comments say it
fahimi : make multiplayer please
hemant b. more : try it to make multilayer
thymmai syiem : why two separate apps for one game?
a google user : amazing graphics
nima abasi : great game
farooque azam : freaking cool
favour kennedy : its relaxing
ekow anin : great game
joshua hummel : very relaxing
a google user : amazing graphics
entangle eye jigs : nice atmosphere
sai srinivasachary : good graphics
akash mahamud : great graphics
alfred caddle : the best
daniel navratil : great game
greeny 232 : awsome game
adrian caster : great game
a google user : great game
08 - bagas aditama suryo nugroho : very relaxing
vimal varghese : luv this game
matan friedmann : great game
kevin : boring
vortex eragen 5 : cool
spirt of the wolf s : cool
vishesh gupta : soothing
cynthia bayu : addictive
sarlongki ronghang : relaxing
jesiah garcia : cool
jeremiah akinleye : cool
sniper_ azein : cool
night call : relaxing
jesus hernandez : cool
a google user : addictive
twinkle msp : boss ass game of the year
jaylo : this game is poop
a google user : children play
smart du : lots of ads
pouya : this is a masterpiece
a google user : i envoy this game
a google user : additive game
voodoo voodic : filled with ads
irkulla abhilash : another world
subbarao rao : super graphics
a google user : fixe the control problm
elijah chua : the game is absolutely amazing. i was playing the game then thought of what
i think is just a really cool minor detail to add in. when alto falls in
zen mode and he's on the ground and his board is away from him. since
there's no rush in zen mode, could you make it so that alto stands up,
walks to his board and continues. that would be pretty neat.
bean jam : this game deserves awards. incredible art and visuals, top-notch sound,
solid controls, the character's physics seem real and act like they should;
not too difficult to make anybody ragequit, but just right to make you fail
enough to make it a fun type of difficult and ever so rewarding to get to a
new level. get this game, not asking, telling. 10/10
freddie : the thing that makes this game great is the visuals and the audio. it is absulutley beautiful and the art style works so well with the type of game. without this the game would not be nearly as good as the game play i'd very simple but it would still do ok. however these features are what makes the game. also the fact that there's a night and day feature gives the game an even bigger opportunity to show the beauty of its art style
stei : breathtakingly stunning. the level design is minimalistic with beautiful day to night cycles while you're skating down the mountain. complete with crisp sound design like the sound of drizzling rain and thunder, accompanied by a vibrant musical score in the background that compliments the game as you play, it's a satisfyingly zen experience. hell, it even has a zen mode. if you're having a rough day, the zen mode is probably the most satisfying and calming experience you can find in mobile video game.
morpheus er : echoing what many others are saying, the ads completely break this game. i understand i'm not paying for the game, so i don't mind being shown ads. however the button to close the apps rarely function properly. instead of closing the ad it takes you to the download page of the ad being advertised. update: i just had to sit through a round of a final fantasy game. i wish you could rate below the 1 star.
leo sama : this is a very great adventure with stunning visuals and awesome soundtrack. my only complaint with this game is it's progression system i,e it should have on track achievements i,e most of the challenges that are in 7 and 8 level i completed in my first and second run. but there was no point of doing it as i have to do it again this is the only issue this game has.
turb0 : good graphics, but can get boring after only like 3 minutes. also the makers of the game should add a another different mode where your running away from a villager/camper and see how far you can get. you could improve or modify this mode that i have made if you want
brandon forten : the game is a beautiful journey that has an elegant design that ditches the generic non-cultured snowboard games for an eastern feel complete with a gift shop. the only thing i'd change is the lack of alto-nate skins and the flip is a little slowwwww wish it would speed up after consecutive flips
greg cruickshank : the art style is amazing. the zen mode and overall atmosphere is relaxing and entertaining. my big issue is after resetting my progress once i completed everything. you loose the coin doubling upgrade that you pay real money for. why must i re purchase some i have already bought. why does resetting my progress reset something i purchased with real money. i feel that is a little unfair and even from a premium purchaser is pretty jading, i really enjoy the game and will change to a 5 star once an answer is provided or it is fixed.
ben sim : i remember back when this game would cost money on ios. i would literally try to download every single third party helper app just to look for this game. now that i actually have a phone, its free. i think this game is great for both relaxing and competitive play. and i am so hyped for the odyssey. i check often to see if it is there. 10/10 would recommend this game.
arqam malik : its a simple game with very simple things but still is exciting to play. if you are looking for a little mental relaxation or peace and still be able to enjoy the adventure, then this is a perfect thing. there are things i would love to improve. for instance the landing - and background music should have a variety. also the zen mode is a cool little bonus but the music volume should be greater than other sounds. hope to see these improvements..
jonah hill : upon expecting a minimalist time-killer running game, i was certainly caught off guard with the game's relaxing upbeat tone. this game knows exactly what it is and beautifully plays to strengths no running game ever knew there were. unlike jetpack joyride's sudden bursts of thrills, aldo's adventure is more concerned with a consistently soothing experience.
scott h : 1. can't see the screen in night levels if there is a lot of sunlight on my phone. give us the option to choose day or night levels. 2. get rid of the long ads. i know we have to see them, but it's difficult to escape out of them. plus they have sounds that we hear even if our sound is turned off on the phone.
erick vorpahl : this was the must have game- i think, for a while. then the newest update came out. now it has ads you must veiw (before totally optional for more coins or an extra run) and added ftp elements. took from a 5 star classic, to barely 2 stars. thankfully, the base game play was untouched, and still well worth the advertisements, but i'm very sad for this move on the part of the dev team.
doc canoro : great game! the scenery is beautiful, i love that you can ski on things, the powers when you ski, it's wonderful to flow on the curves of the mountains. however, it's exaggeratedly plagged with ads, for anything you need an ad, it interrupts the good feeling the game gives, it would be less stressful if you don't use them so much, maybe banners showing ads while you ski, passing by, making them part of the game woul be more acceptable.
justin rahardjo : it's a great game, period. but there's a bug after reaching level 22 or 23 where there is a mission to hober over a rock but the feather item does not seem to work, and i've tried passing through a rock after obtaining the feather item and i just lose. there is no hover animation either but the scarf turns blue, there is a timer bar on top and the item disappears after passing through it. would appreciate if it was fixed or a solution is proposed. thank you. (i don't want to spend 1000 gold on ever hover mission)
malcom curtis : this would be an awesome game if it wasn't for the night boarding ...its
nice that the game does a time transition, but the reality is you can
barely see anything (particularly rocks) at night, so zen mode quickly
becomes frustration mode after the sun sets. true zen would be endless run
with no obsticles so at least include an option to turn off time
transition, rocks, or both in zen mode. thanks
j. knite : alright, so the game is pretty good. all i ask for is more tricks, and the ability to upgrade some bonuses (coin magnet, feather hover thing, and the third one that i haven't grabbed yet.) all in all, if you could do that, it'd make the game so much greater. apart from skipping missions and revives there's no use for coins.
luca schulz : i genuinely love this game. it has one of the most stunning and beautiful
graphic styles i've seen in mobile games in a while. i love the games
simplistic but incredibly well executed gameplay. can't stress enough how
good looking this game is, a great and satisfyingly addictive experience
honestly have no complaints.
jp darby : the game itself is fun and minimally challenging. the graphics are lovely. i felt compelled to give such a low rating due to the ads not clearing out upon completion. i had to close the app and restart just to play the game again. i would have purchased the ad-free version but if it's this buggy prior to purchase, i didn't want to get stuck with a pay version that i'm unable to clear out certain functions. maybe next time.
melisa wijaya : i love this game so much, until the point i think i'm addicted. but as the
time goes, there are lots of errors, for example, mainly after watching ads
to respawn, like: (1) suddenly all the scoreboard is gone and if i die, it
doesn't show anything but a share button. (2) i can't control the game at
all. it sucks since my achievement on that one game is wasted.
corran percy : first off, i'd like to give a big thank you to the developers for this game. it's amazing. however, i've been encountering quite a few bugs lately. one day, picking up a hover feather crashed the game. today, i can't pick up llama horns, and the background blur that happens when you go into the workshop stayed into an actual run. i took this as a challenge and continued playing. i'm on a samsung galaxy tab a 9.7 running android marshmallow. this is just to tip you guys off on some bugs.
alex vigil : the game seems to be designed not to challenge you but to instead irritate
the hell out of you while you want ad after ad. they make it nearly
impossible to do triple backflip 1080 freestyle grab superman super spin
but they ask you to do it. after two days of dying and ads magically the
ramps finally let you get more than 10 ft in the air.
jaimee kimberley : seemingly random jumping and flipping controls made this game unplayable for me. my character would frequently plummet to their death because they decided not to jump, and otherwise i can't find a damn magnet powerup to save my life. overall a very disapointingly bad experience
mark midgley : the physics of the game are confusing and frustrating. i'll be going really
slow up a hill and suddenly speed up for no reason. worse, going down a
super steep slope, see a ! sign for an upcoming ramp and chasm, and
suddenly slow waaaay down (again for no reason) such that i will never get
across. if you want to force me to die and watch advertising video, just
stick with that guy that chases that always goes faster than me.
r v : alto is a fun relaxing game like any line rider style game. great art work and flow is nice. only gripe is the night time color scheme. i got to play 1 daylight game and the next 4 games were at night and it's so hard to see anything. i can't see rocks at night especially when i'm playing with light around my phone like the sun. very hard to see with glare.
ankit saiyan : i don't understand why this game is rated too high. it is neither addictive
nor fun to play. all we do is ski endlessly with repeating stuffs. graphics
are good. game is like a temple run, subway surfer and many other games.
the game is not bad it's just i disliked it and disliked it even more when
saw its rating.
matthew denholm : absolutely stunning. the graphics and visuals, weather and day/night cycles
are so smooth and so dynamic! just incredible. how i would describe this
masterpiece is this: it's a lot like ski safari, only not a clone, because
it's miles too good to be a clone. i could keep praising this game for a
long time more, but i've written enough already.
zuza kurzawa : normally i dont write reviews to games. but this one is outstanding. it's beautiful (graphics and music also deserves attention) and so much fun to play! easy to play but hard to master, provides a challenge for long, if you seek it. it has ads and in app purchases but they are irrelevant for the game and very discreet. it's really outstanding that such a game can be free without aggressive adds destroying your fun time. app has no bugs or issues. thank you, creators of this game!
nicholas herron : one problem: the ads. i don't mind ads on games, we all gotta eat, i get
it. what i do mind is when those ads start hijacking my phone. i have two
apps i tend to use while playing the game. one is spotify, the other is a
blue light filter. i don't mind the filter going haywire, it just sorta
happens anyway. but messing with the music? that gets on my nerves. so,
even though i love this game, i cannot give it a better rating until the
ads being played on it are less annoying to deal with. i just want to jam
out and snowboard without having to exit the game after every run to fix my
music.
s gardner : loved the game, but i'm uninstalling. it has ads, which is completely fine, but one of the most frequent ads is for final fantasy 15. the ad forces you to play a round, which is slightly annoying. however the ad close button doesn't work even after the ad is done. clicking on it instead takes you to the google store download for ff15. the only way out is to close and completely restart alto. i view this as basically a scam by the makers of that game than anything alto is doing, since other ads work fine. i can't review ff15 unless i download it, which i will definitely never do.
trevor ryan : love the theme and art style. very satisfying, simple mechanics, but reasonably difficult. wish there were more games that utilized this theme and art style. maybe as an interactive story game. update: still love this game but it's always crashing now after about 5-10 minutes playing. don't want to loose all my stats by re-installing. seems i'm not the only one with this issue. hope it can be looked into soon!
hecc google : beautiful graphics, pretty good gameplay, but the ads are a bit too
prominent. even worse, is that only one worked when trying to revive alto
by watching a video. ever since, my screen simply goes gray and i have to
close and reopen the app.
maahesh suntra : pros: -highly polished gameplay. -great minimalist art style and attention
to detail. -actually feels like a never ending game(new characters and
tasks). cons: -a few problems with controls and some bugs. verdict: this
game actually surprised me as it is a very solid and a very entertaining
game. also to note that the zen mode is very useful when you're feeling
stressed after work or frustrated on playing the career mode as it also
provides a hushed, yet cool music. on the other though, there are a few
minor bugs such as control problems( can be a little unpredictable) and
some goodies are a little expensive for casual gamers to spend their
hard-earned in game tokens. nevertheless, this game is actually a very good
game especially for the casual gamer. do check this game out.
josh gatto : this game is amazing from head to toe. i've only been playing for a few
hours and i love everything from the simple, minimalistic design to the
intuative controls and even music design. everything about this game has so
much time and care put into it. the game is completely fair and has no
tricks up it's sleeve knock you down right before you hit that high score.
also love the fact that there are no micro transactions and of there are
they're not in you're face at all. of course with a free game there are ads
every now and then but nothing annoying like 30 second ads or that pop up
in the middle of a run. all in all, the game is fantastic and could not
recommend it enough.
vedant kale : i usually never write reviews for games but by god, i am writing this just to make sure the creators feel appreciated. you have done a great job at making this game. the zen mode with the calm, emotional but uplifting background music is very heartwarming and makes you feel great about the moment.
xeo224 : amazing game! the only thing i could think of to improve it would be a slight increase in tempo in the music when being chased by an elder or something of that nature. that's just me being nitpicky though, keep it up! great mechanics, really cute and minimalist. would definitely recommend to a friend! :)
david gennari : it seems like half the time when i try to watch a video to continue the button does nothing. i can tap it a dozen times with no result. sometimes the play again button has to be pressed multiple times before the game decides it's ready for me to play. also, this game would be so much better without the night cycle. i understand that its there to increase difficulty but i wish it wasn't a part of gameplay. other than that its a decent time waster.
adam bromiley : i've had alto's adventure for a couple of years now. it is one of the most highly-polished games i've ever seen. the minimalist art style is stunning and fits with the quick tap and play gamestyle. the progression is challenging and takes time so it's not a game that will be quick to finish and put down. my only downside is that there is not a setting to move the wingsuit button to the other side of the screen but there is for the pause button. this aside it's a great game and well-worth the five stars. thanks to the devs and i'm wishing you luck for the upcoming alto's odyssey! :)
christine mccracken : i enjoy this game- nice music, simple game, lovely graphics. i downloaded it a few months ago, when i wasn't sleeping well, and would just cruise the slopes until i could fall asleep. it's been a while since i've played it, and i don't know how it happened or when, but there are so many ads now! i will be uninstalling this app. the developers may depend on ads, but i still pay for the bandwidth to download and run the ads. there's a point of equilibrium, and they've tipped the scale, i'm sad to say.
ravindu aratchige : okay, so i've given it a lot of thought and i've finally made up my mind to
give this game 4 stars. let me start by saying what i love about this game:
it's the perfect balance between addictive and engaging. the graphics are
stunning; the physics are fluid and precise. it's built for the minimalist.
it's unlike other arcade runners; the gameplay is much more easy and
relaxing, but it keeps you asking for more too. mesmerising music and
jawdropping landscapes. the day-night cycle and the weather changes really
give the game more detail and beauty. all that earned this game 4 solid
stars but that last star didn't make it because the game wasn't ad-free and
it did have a small bug in the zen mode (i might be prejudiced here; i use
a low-range samsung). apart from that, i didn't see anything that would
tick me off. i'm a difficult person to impress, but this game... this is a
must-must-must-try. can't wait for the odyssey...
graeme mckay : i absolutely love this and i feel kinda bad for only giving 4 stars but the
game keeps crashing (huawei p10 lite) after a random length of time. i
can't get past level 'escape 4 elders' because of crashing but goshdarn it
the game is fantastic.
jax p : amazing game! the graphics of this game are stunning and i love the gameplay! it isn't that hard which i like. it's easy to complete challenges and do tricks (which i love!) this game is similar to temple run, but not as difficult. i am completely in love with the zen mode, you just snowboard down a mountain. it's such a calm game and very addictive as well, especially in the zen mode. i highly recommend this game!
vex riper : the tone and basic visual design is similar to an indie game called journey
by "thatgamecompany" but that's not a bad thing, the gameplay is has it's
own identity, its a simple "runner" game where you try and get as far as
you can, but it is above average in it's approach and overall design. the
controls are responsive, visuals are smooth and goals clear. i would give
it 5 stars if it gave me more incentive to advance, as of right now i don't
see myself playing this for long periods but its definitely well made
temporicidal : this game seems stunning, but for whatever reason it won't let me jump. the
screen works fine otherwise, but it doesn't allow me to jump over rocks and
such. i'd rate it a five if not for that. i'm going to try uninstalling
then reinstalling it now. edit: it's now working perfectly and is arguably
one of the best mobile games i've ever played! very soothing and helps with
my anxiety
alfredo lim : it's a great game that emphasizes the simple nature of an adventure. it's a simple game, yet the bizzare mystic ambiance fuels the imagination to discover what lies ahead of their expedition. i like it because there are always things to discover and it fixiates itself around the meaning of achievement.
a google user : i really, truly wanted to like this game, but i don't, in fact i hate it. zen mode is completely broken, no ability to jump or anything and the character dies when the first rock appears and the game just sits there playing music. despite my tremendously long runs in the normal mode, i have yet to see a single coin magnet which makes completing achievements impossible. don't waste your time, there are plenty of other games with nice music that aren't buggy and don't shove loud ads down your throat every couple of minutes, or even seconds.
todd vernor : relaxing? i guess. i do find myself laughing a lot, but at how ridiculously bad the gameplay is. graphics are pretty, but not practical - example: the rocks (obstacles) become invisible in the nighttime scenes. character behavior is unpredictable - example: a character may jump short over a chasm and fall to their death when any other jump would easily clear the distance. backflip speed also varies making landings obnoxiously difficult. the way achievements are done is annoying, and the game withholds items that achievements currently require. the elders chasing you down is useless and dumb. i have no complaints about the music - otherwise this is a stinker.
a google user : the app has started crashing approx 1 in 4 runs. trying to complete longer
tasks is almost impossible as the longer i play, the more likely it is to
boot me and restart. shame because it's a really good game.
ohad marbach : great game. finished it ( )was not easy especialy level 45 but done!) lived
everything. one problen i had was touch that sonetimes didnt respond but i
worked around - when unplugging the usb the problem wad gone so i just
played when not charging. this is why i changed my score back to 5 stars.
good job.
a google user : i am in love with this game. after downloading it for a couple of weeks i
played n then discovered d zen mode!! oh man!! it is so peaceful i don't
why but it left me in such a positive serene state and the fact dt it
doesn't stop and even after falling it continues .. it's amazing ! thankyou
so much for creating such a wonderful game!
hakan bilenler : one of the few mobile games i "finished". graphics, music gameplay is perfect. very simple to learn and fun for many hours. just enough progression and achievements to keep you hooked and keep you returning. no annoying f2p mechanics either. i bought the premium version. best couple of bucks spend on mobile.
eve aguera : so idk what happened with a recent update, im a premium player so maybe it was in that update but my game will randomly force close now, thought it might have just been my phone but recently got a new phone and it is persistent. can you guys please look into a fix, i love this game and the force crashing seems to be happening more frequently
shreya : this game is very relaxing, the graphics and soothing sounds in the background makes me feel like i am skating there in real.
mim fair : i love this game. i just have one real issue. it randomly crashes, and you lose all coins and achievements for the run you were in the middle of. this is unbelievably frustrating. if it weren't for this it would have been 5 stars from me for everything for this game.
stephanie djidjev : love this game! it's a great way to pass time and it doesn't get boring. the only issue is, i've completed all the objectives and can't reset my progress. i'll reset it to the beginning, and then when i open the app again after. while, it'll take me back to the state before i reset. wish it had more re-playability :/
anca ioana : the game is addictive, but i cannot play it more than 10 minutes at a time, because it gets boring. the awful part is that since 1 week, i dunno why, it crashes while i'm playing.. anyway, it's addictive because after you start playing, you start thinking about it while you're not playing
tuomas pennanen : keeps crashing randomly on level 35 making it hard/impossible to make the goal to jump 8 chasms and proximity wingsuit flight.
ken r : highly rated, editors choice. it is fun to play, and very well done. but it is extremely repetitive. you do the same thing over and over and over and over. most of the time you are collecting coins so that you can skip having to do 3 double jumps or some other difficult thing. so after a while, the game just gets boring.
bob bob : *for computer nerds 30ish to 50ish*: it's skifree, only much prettier, with
actual (gorgeous) sound and music, and you can finally escape from what's
chasing you. *for everyone else*: play this game. it's that simple, because
the gameplay is as simple or involved as you want it to be. if you want to
care about points, fine. if you want a high score distance each run, go for
it. if you just want to cruise and let the goals be completed where they
will, be my guest. the gameplay is clean and very inviting, the look and
feel is beautiful, and the music is well suited to the environment you're
in. put simply, this is one of the best mobile games i've ever tried.
protodot : the gameplay is alright, about standard for what you normally get it off infinite runners. but that's not the reason that you'll play this. the visuals are amazing and run on toasters. i was floored when i saw my first sunset, the rain looks great, and the glow that the sun, coins, and powerups looks great.
david milton : after passing level 30, the game control mechanics get really inconsistent.
am i the only one with this problem? bout to uninstall.. also, ive noticed
noodlecake doesn't seem care about their player experience much. never see
any responses to reviews, good or bad. thats lame.
miguel luzon : it was a lot of fun but i'm uninstalling. there's a broken ad for a final fantasy game that is impossible to close. the only way that you can close it is to closeout the app. a game-breaking flaw for an otherwise awesome little app.
giorgos kakitsis : i came back to alto after a while, just cause i missed the artwork of the game, and i was so enthusiastic to find out there was a zen mode. it does everything right. just music and ambience and minor goals set by yourself only if you want to. thank you so much for this.
iqbal kour : the most intuitive game. real enjoyment . it's not about levels .go in the zen mode and have fun . 5 stars for the awesome people behind this masterpiece.
wonderoussmiles : okay. first off, i'm actually bothering to write a review cause this is one
of the very few games that don't pester me about it. it's fun. its artstyle
gives me journey vibes. there's a zen mode, which will be great for long
flights...assuming it really does work offline (haven't tested that yet)
and best of all its nothing like most mobile games. they dont bother you.
there's no timers and no just having to watch the screen. no push
notifications. there's no endless harassment to buy the premium currcency -
actually there's no preminum currcency! i've played endless runner games
where you have limited lives. and when that runs put you'd have to wait or
pay. not fun there's no random obstructive pop up ads. in fact the only ads
i recall seeing is the video ad. and even then you can simply choose not to
watch it and restart the stage. simple simple. ever since my ds broke i had
to rely on cell phone games for my mobile gaming fix. and its been so long
since i've been treated with basic respect from mobile game developers.
thank you. so just as i think bad behavior should be punished, i think good
behavior should be rewarded. and thats why i bought the premium upgrade. no
regrets. i will be recommending this.
kausar meutuwah : i like to point out there is some bug. when the character move to fast they
somehow couldn't pick items like magnet, coins, etc
dhananjay : good game ever on playstore. the graphics are very amazing. i love to play this game whenever i am bored. i have never seen this type of amazing game on the playstore. i want to give it 10000000000000000000000 and unlimited stars
marlon james navarro : not so much to say but great job by the devs. now if only we can have the alto's odyssey as well.
adam r. wyss : unfortunately, this game is going downhill. it's got a ton more ads, and
there's a glitch where the feather doesn't do anything anymore.
f : this game is really really good. i've had it for a couple of years,
although all my data got reset at some point. the atmosphere, the music,
the changing weather and the changing of the time, there's so many little
details that make me love this game. but especially after the latest
update, i can't give it five stars. for starters, there's a couple new bug
that get pretty annoying: sometimes you ride ramps and aren't launched
upwards like you'd normally expect, but you get teleported to the ground.
some other times touching the screen doesn't make you jump, even by tapping
repeatedly, it gets fixed by itself after some time, but this has cost me
lives. secondly, the ads. at first you were given the chance to watch them
in exchange of coins and an extra life. now you have to endure them every
time you lose. it ruins the immersion and they're really, really
irritating. they feel invasive and pesky, especially considering we didn't
have those at first. i got used to a nice relaxing game without pop-ups,
and even though now after years this game has gotten a boost in popularity,
you've decided to implement them, for some reason. you've become (pardon
the overused term) mainstream. please, rethink this mechanic. thank you.
philip jones : great game love the animation but rain is a bit loud in zen mode but
besides that it is a good game. can you mabye add front flips as well as
back flips so you touch the left side of the screen for a back flip and you
touch the right of the screen to do a front flip. thanks for reading and
its really great game
a google user : awesome game. it's my go to game. been playing since frist came out. just
enough ads to make you keep playing this game. i really enjoy this game.
hope they don't do stupided up grades . it's perfect the way it is.
kristian bourne : this game is really pretty and also fun. it's challenging enough to not be easy, but not rage inducing. i really like this game and would recommend it
john hillis : screen keeps turning off while i'm playing. my pixel 2 will not recognize this as a game so it's rather frustrating. worth spending money on if fixed.
kim nickels : i'd give this 5/5 for gameplay, atmosphere and being highly addictive despite the simplicity, but the goals are sometimes a bit buggy. i've veen smashing rocks for hours but it won't register :(
andrew hersh : fun game, but ads are getting more and more obtrusive and includes stuff that is borderline porn. unfortunate for a game i've spent so much time playing, but when the ads are either impossible to click off it include half naked women, it's time to say enough.
om soni : very beautiful and calming graphics and music. great game but sometimes it
freezes and the player can't jump but otherwise love it
sumit kumar : i must say that this game is perfect for everyone.as it has a good graphic
and clearity this should get approx 5 starts.because of the hard work of
the developer and his men
a google user : the environment of game is lovely just the control of the game is little hard not that way you think i recomend to seperate the backflip and jump. wish you best.
yimi ipsa : just amazing. i could play all day. wishing to see more background story
and maybe a kind of camping mode to complete. definitely worth to download
and play.
monther tariq : it would be great if you could increase the speed of the whole game to make characters snowboard faster. one of my favourite games.
ulf grasse : latest update riddles this with interstitial ads. what's worse, those ads open when you tap the x to close them, contrary to google developer policies. reported and uninstalled.
ananthan : i'm so happy because this game clear the mind,full refresh thought thank
you for the creat/please creat other verity games
tasin 707 : a great game to pass the time. a normal story to found and a great adventure to get.surfing the snow,surviving the rain storm, awesome wing suit and so all.it's worthy to play.
a google user : fun game, very addictive. deleting it because the night cycle is annoyingly
dark besides that the game is worth playing.
lorenz : watching adds is still a bit buggy. sometimes you don't get your reward, or you don't get revived. all in all very good game.
alan strachan : this game wanted access to all my files and contacts. it has no requirement for that level of access. uninstalled immediately
michael talerico : incredibly fun! after you get used to the layout, the game seems more and
more complex. it is intense, yet there is a calmness about the scenery and
music.
jon c : this used to be a great game, however the "premium" experience option, and
the massive increase in ads has ruined the flow of the game, and even when
you watch the ads they don't always close correctly. it's too bad the
developer got greedy, they ruined what was a great experience.
jojoblonix : really love the game but i am left-handed and i like to use the bottom left
corner of my phone and i keep hitting the pause button.
indranil chakraborty : the best game that i have ever played.not only the concept is fabulous but
also the control,graphics and most importantly the music is spellbound
devanush joseph : nothing can come close to this game. quality is very amazing for a free
game and the ads don't pop up so much that you get annoyed.
elliott anderson : this game has some of the best graphics i've ever seen. not because of the
quality, but because of the story behind them
a google user : the game is great...when it opens. there is some sort of bug that kicks you
out either while game is loading or right after it loads.
shubham tiwary : if altos odyssey isn't released soon on android platform then i will
boycott the game. i love this game so i want alto's odyssey asap.
ruhi sajjad : amazing amazing you know i play this game from 7months and it's great you fell you r there playing such are the graphics mantastic.grt work grt thought grt music
simplegreen : two things that would go a long way. 1) the ability to dismount from a
grind at mid grind would go a long way 2) an easier way to control the
height of a jump. going down the mountain and trying to do a rock grind on
purpose is almost complete luck.
tom wayman : really enjoy the game, love the simple mechanics and it's beautiful. the
only issue have is that night time makes it incredibly difficult to see,
rendering the game unplayable when sitting in sunlight. would be nice to be
able to lock the cycle.
zeeshan qureshi : everything is black. how can you distinguish between tree, building and a
rock easily. this is absurd
tannya aditya : i have 'noisy' brain and anxiety and sometimes the world is too much to bear. this game keeps me calm and collected all the time. the music and gameplay soothe me up. i do get frustrated over the goals but i have nothing but praise and love for this game. thank you to everyone involved. you all helped a lot. cannot wait for alto's odyssey for android!
sophia bays : i love the game it's simple but nice to play. i would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a fun little game to kill time with. 5 stars
josh winterrowd : fun game to easily kill time. the goals keep me coming back. graphics and music are soothing yet exciting at the same time.
arnab mondal : this is nice game with high graphics. problem is the game has started
lagging and is heavy on processor unlike it's initial versions
2cents : i love this game its so peacful and takes focus and the music in the
background really suits the game but i think that the coin noise makes it
harder to listen to it. but great game :d
victoria weindel : the music is soothing, the gameplay is relaxing, and the overall experience leaves me in a better mood. i would recommend this to people who are stressed, as i think it will help.
mahir alam : i think this is the best game i have ever played. this game is so beautiful. like the background music like the graphics and the best part of this game is the changing of day and night. i want its 2nd part.
bruno matassini : this game is so pretty not many games look this beautiful and fun. the music is calming and soothing. amazing game.
catburritobird dogcat : it's a really nice calming game very easy to play and there's a zen mode
were you can't die i normally played that instead of playing the actual mode
john randall : overall this game is well made. the graphics, sound, and gameplay are fluid and calming as well as creative. the game runs very smooth and in the end is just a pleasant experience.
carter garrett : beautiful graphic theme. calming soundtrack. simple control interface. endlessly simple. endlessly wonderful. highest of compliments to the developers, i cannot wait for alto's oddysey.
adam burnett : i've been playing since this first came out on android and it has always been a great gameplay experience. i appreciate that it was free with ads for coins. however in recent months that has changed and are now extremely loud, intrusive and irrelevant video ads which pop up randomly upon trying a run again. i understand that the developers wish to make additional well-deserved profit from the game but this feels like i am being bullied into paying for the new premium version in order to enjoy gameplay again. otherwise still a great game.
closed captioning : calming. not infuriating like every other game like it. i can play it and not come back angrier than i was before.
a google user : this is an outstanding game. not too much challenging game. the background music and views are speechless. this view and music also can reduce the depression and makes one happy.
luke balint : there are few apps i would give a perfect score, and this is one of them. i
really have nothing negative to say. i played this on ios and i totally
thought it was worth buying. when i switched to android and found out it
was free, i could literally think of nothing except: why doesn't every
single android user have this?
kyra bickley : simple and super fun. awesome if you have a short attention span and just want to kill time. sweet graphics too
emma hawkins : beautiful game, the design is lovely, the music also, i can play this for
hours, completed all missions a while ago and still play, can't wait for
the second one to come to android
aj kofron : this game is amazing! the graphics are beautiful and the sound (especially the thunder) are fantastic. zen mode is so relaxing. i can't wait for alto's odyssey.
mountain goat yeti : was a five star game, adverts are very annoying in that you can click the x to close them and still be taken to googles play store.. playing this game from day one, i've noticed updates haven't really added much value, the game now crashes on occasions to the phones main screen. it's a great game that to me still needs tweaking, especially tipos double jump. but for all its faults i like it!! can't wait for the new game. pull the title screen from left to right in altos if you've not heard about it :-) i hope u work on tweaking this and making it more stable.. there's a five star game in there, with the problems ironed out.
samuel anderson : such a fun and relaxing little game. not too easy but not difficult enough
to make it annoying. it's very relaxing, fun, and simple.
patrik horvat : congratulations to the devs of this game, you really did a masterpiece here
and it's beautiful. i love the zen mode, whoever thought of is a genius.
thank you all so much for making this piece of art, it is obvious you put a
lot of effort and time into it, as well as you did it with passion.
louisa mccormick : this is one of the best mobile games i've ever played. it is incredibly
calming. the sounds of the snow and everything are like asmr. it's just
wonderful.
charles kroberger : not working on my htc. starts to load and then crashes, app minimizes and
turns to black screen
hein janse van rensburg : after upgrading my phone to android 8.0 the game works but there is bad
screen tearing.... i really hope that they fix it soon.
leyah strydom : i love this game it is amazing if you are thinking about getting this game i think you should...but there are so many adds and i can't see when it is the night,but other than that i love this game
lucas lin : this game is good for relaxing, especially the zen mode. the only problem i
have is when it turns night in the game. you just can't see the rocks so it
becomes a little frustrating to crash because it blended into the
background. perhaps have an option to skip night would be nice.
kaleb tuck : used to love this game, played it lots. but recently it keeps crashing alot whenever i play
luna : i absolutely love this game, the graphics are beautiful and it's so smooth and easy to play. thank you for making such an amazing game, and whoever designed it deserves a gold medal or something.
mother father : a great game. problem is it shuts down in the middle of my game. i was on a
great run. it really annoys me a lot. please fix it.
engin simsek : wow its amazing best game ive ever played... but there are too many adds
but thats all otherwise, great game.
brian brown jr. : i love everything about this game the game is so beautiful the controls are
easy i can't wait until alto's odyssey comes out for android
kenjart : the game is really good it has a goregeous art style the one thing i have a
grudge on is that other that there's not much else to do but that's
subjective opinion other then that it's by far the best endless runner the
play store has.
brylle john digno : everything in this game was awesome. it keeps me play until the end of the
game. please release the alto's odyssey. i'm close to finish this one.
sayan basu : simply stunning. the game not only entertains but it also provides solace. the best till now.
hellen gojaya : please make some upgrades to the stages and the background music. i really love this game but i'd appreciate it if you add some upgrades to the games. and for background music, i suggest you to add some features of music inside the game and let us download on the inside game. please consider my suggestion. thank you
faizal zaheed : best runner game, most of the runner games become boring after playing for sometime, but alto's is not like that.its great. i love it
subhan khan : this is one of the my favourite games on mobile . it is just a masterpiece.
the relaxing music and scenery makes the game so enjoyable. download this
game atleast once in your life
a google user : when i play this game the character can't jump only so sometimes i get angry so please repair it so i have given 4 stars
s d : boring and almost pre school like. feels like your watching a dull animation and you have to tap on queue. that's it the end.
the phenomedon : fun and addicting, but it crashes whenever i'm doing well. progress in a
race after a crash is not redeemable. this includes achievements (to my
disdain and frustration)
a google user : this game is amazing! the graphics are great and the minimal ads are a
bonus. the only ads in the game is if you want to keep going if you fail.
unlike other games which show an ad after every attempt
lukas abi : i like this game but the idea of "elder" is pissed me off. i can never
escape it. if there is any option to make alto go faster than just jumping
and glide on a wall or rope, this game gonna be awesome.
rawan ahmed : i truly loved this game, it is just amaizing and really really beautiful ..
if there were a favourite list, i would put this game at the very top of
it. thank you every one who helped in making this incredible game.
john scott : bugs noticed on 2 devices: character doesnt respond to taps till ypu
restart the game.. charatcer doesnt pick up magnets and hover feather and
coins and goes through them sometimes.
rajarshi das : it's really a charming game which makes us crave for more every time. i love the minimalistic atmosphere and the simple controls.
james little : game's fantastic but it crashes whenever connected to the internet. this means i cant log in to google play to restore my progress
antonio mcintyre : the game best and thing but whrn is odyssey coming out for android. im
dying for it
shiju cruz : beautifully crafted gameplay. something that soothes you when played in zen
mode. really is peaceful in my stressful work surroundings.
rhitwik hazra : it's a great game. whenever i played the game my mind become peaceful.the
music is very gd ..it is my fav game
isaac lim : reviews says it all.when you are looking for a relaxing offline game that is small in size,this is the game.i downloaded it a while ago but deleted it due to its boring gameplay.but after reading the other reviews,i truly want to trust this game again
ryan olson : great game. the only problem i seem to be having is that as tupa if i crash into a chasm i get my one free revive but it also brings me to the screen that gives me the option to revive.
a google user : earlier version was good. after updates there are many bugs like suddenly
game stopes and home screen appears, sometimes touch don't work for jumping.
connor gray : i like playing this game but i keep getting game crashes mid run and it's ruining it for me.
james lucas : the jump button rarely works when i start the app but once it starts
working it's a fun time killer.
michael a : the ads screw up the game over 50% of the time no point watching video to
continue game
george assaf : good game in general, but it crashes on me, seemingly when i'm on a roll.
otherwise, a fine, harmless addiction. edit. game is still crashing. not so
fun. re edit. crashes continue to annoy. please fix. still crashing. i'm
not paying for the premium until its fixed. get on it. yet another edit.
this game still crashes. it would be good if the developers would fix it.
rapidly dropping in my view. just ok for now. if it doesn't get fixed soon,
they'll lose another star....
ha n ae : last time i played this game it was a clean experience with only optional
ads which was a fair bargain, coming back now spammed with ads after every
run ruins it. like every other app with intrusivd ads i will uninstall.
steven l. : pretty and runs very smoothly... but you flip so slowly and see so little ahead of you that you are frequently forced to guess if you have time or not. that and lack of variety kinda kill it for me.
ivan delchev : i thought it would be a fun game, i even used the bug to get free coins (or
whatever the currency is in the game) to upgrade everything to max, and it
was still boring to me.
gopinath kollavari : this is an awesome game i ever played because it has the most simple yet
amazing graphics. it is the most simple game with the best background score
and i have to say that the zen mode has the greatest bgs. the whole game is
a lot fun to play with the most serene locations. it does deserves 5 stars.
*****
a google user : the background music and sounds are reliefing.it can make a angry person feel happy and be relaxed.it just makes us to go in heaven
tyler hines : this game absolutely deserved it!i love this game with all of my heart. great gameplay and very good art style. the soundtrack is almost flawless as well.
rohan salve : it's a beautiful game. the beautiful scenery, peaceful music, the amazing story/game play just makes my mind peaceful and relaxed. thanks for this great game. good work.
oliver kehm : great game. can be relaxing or invigorating. wonderful graphics and audio. good selection of levels and powerups. it would be nice if haptic feedback worked though...
chris buchdahl : great game but crashes often and i lose progress for that run. using a
galaxy note 8
ankur rana : the game is crashing everytime i open it. i just bought google pixels and
it's not functioning.
anisuzzaman shayak : this game is beautiful. both the graphics and music are so pleasing and
relaxing. i love it. the app package size is too big i think.
olwethu shangase : it's awesome but i think you guys should add like avalanches and more skills on the new update soon
jace froese : it is a beautiful game and maya may have trouble getting speed but flips
can make u faster so it's good that she can flip faster
haizo infinity : this game is very very awesome. it's relaxing, challenging, emotional. i like to play this game when i'm in a bad mood.. so i recommend you guys to play this game and see for yourself. anyway best game ever! bye
the deity prime : my only issue is small bug on retry. my player respawn and started skiing but the map didn't move.
private account : ok. so first week. excellent! ran smooth with no troubles. however after
then the game would lag horrendously and not let me jump. i am appalled!
don't install. i hope you fix these problems. then i might reinstall abs
recommend it to others. but until that happens. uninstalled.
el gian lepon : beautiful game. after a few tries, i noticed the amazing graphics and music more than the game itself. thank you very much for zen mode because it really helped me to relax a bit. overall, it's an outstanding piece of artwork and videogame.
technical trucking : game is bs. was doing fine, got to like 3,000 and some dude sleeping jumped on a elk or lama and ran me down. i can't speed up or outrun. game is dumb, lacks purpose, lacks content and point.
rob goddard : applovin ads break the ui for me on every game loop they appear. have to
restart the app to fix. huawei p20, i think it occurred on my last phone
also. please fix!
neonic : great game. for some reason i have managed to go into negative money by
about 100,000 coins so...
o _el bnna : it's amazing game give you relax mode when you play it with this graphic and this music i love it hope there is more updates for it
a google user : i really like the game. the controls are pretty simple and the music and
over-all feel is just relaxing. furthermore, the ads aren't that invasive
so the whole experience isn't compromised or anything.
nate c : fun, simple, and no weird permissions needed *update doesn't jump and have to restart program often. also got a new phone and can't restore previous purchase.
hirokatsu victor : this is great and relaxing game with an option to freely play in a zen
state. i would gladly suggest for a frontflip to counter the backflips and
to cancel backflips (or frontflips) if necessary. but all in all, it's
still a calming and soothing game for those who are stressed or wants peace.
fiona rose redmond : "app"solutely amazing! it is so relaxing to play and great fun too! i would never delete this app because it is totally great and so good! and it needs no wifi either! i mean, wow! the llamas are amazing and make the app great! so recommend it.
a google user : this game was so amazing from the graphics the characters and background...
i want in the game that it has more characters to unlock that everyone
would love it and the background too if you add more different features
tyler kirk : i love the game. but i wish you could do more with the tokens, all you can
do with them is extend the coin magnet.
sam mason : it's an amazing game that's smooth and fun to play, and the fact that you don't need internet makes even better.
steven masn : colors could be a little bit brighter. sometimes tedious to notice the
rocks, or even the llamas
hrishi : thank you so much for this game it's amazing and relaxing . please continue
to make good games.thanking the maker or makers once again.
chas voigt : game is fun, with excellent art and music, however the game keeps freezing on longer runs, making the later challenges almost impossible and extremely frustrating.
daniel quelapio : this game is one of the most beautiful i've ever played one suggestion would be to add support for 18:9 aspect ratio screens. i think it would make the game much more immersive. and of course, please release alto's oddysey as soon as possible on android. thanks for the great game!
brandon jones : beautiful graphics, beautiful music, and simple and amazing gameplay. i
also love that it comes with an endless mode as well for when you want a
stress free playthrough. i highly recommend buying this game
0pen fire : very nice and cool game. the graphics are so good. and sound quality. plz
add something.like upgrade somthing that make the game better.
arien van stralen : it's enjoyable but a mission to collect magnets isn't registering so i'm kinda stuck at level fifty something
devon elias : im disappointed that the sequel is only out in ios this is very
disheartening.
john smith : beautiful, the graphics are amazing it would be better if you can change to day or night, but why the ads
sahar ashkan : there is no explanation of how to get speedy or what is a blue feather or the elder angry man. above that; just aaaawwwsome
saneen mohammad : this is definitely the best game out there. gives us a clam experience
.please do continue to make similar games
thunderbud : the constant ads don't add to the relaxing appeal. the game used to be so much better without them.
erzio : one of the most beautiful games out there. the art style alone is
spectacular and the soundtrack is relieving. best game for relaxing.
joanna lowery : i absolutely adore this game, but for some reason recently it has completely stopped working. i've done everything i can think of but it just crashes a few seconds after i open it up. i hope there is a way to fix this issue soon as i would really hate to stop playing!
a google user : amazing playability, graphics and that music. wow. few more jump tricks would make this game truly epic. well done devs!
arturo perez : the game is great, very relaxing and beautiful, it's just missing support for the galaxy s8 screen, it doesn't use all screen and you have black bars on each side, it would be great if you could fix that
jason blair : wonderful game. however, on both of my two best runs ever, the game inexplicably shut down. that's really demoralizing.
music by lullaby : i really like the game bug theres a glitch when you fall in a hole you bug
out and get stuck in the sky. but all in all i liked it.
jh allen : great gameplay and graphics. i did find a bug in the latest update that made picking up the blue hover feather freeze the game, but i think it was just the new update. hope it can be fixed!
a google user : it's the best i have every played and the endless mode is great and the
music makes it more calm it's a really fantastic game
mahrukh murtaza : i love this game. one issue. im playing with paz and the game is persistently lagging. i think this is only happening with paz.
kelechi : i love it, but it glitches and crashes so frequently, even when it's the latest update
makesomespace : nice game but... galaxy note 8 i can t play in full screen. please update
for good resolutions
shivang srivastava : game is great for freshening up your mind. i have recently been facing an
issue that as soon as i get a power up like magnet, hover the game crashes.
please fix this bug.
eli schlichte : this is one of the greatest games i have ever played. the thing that i love most about this game is the sounds. they give the vibe of if you were in altos perspective.
fedupmaniac : it is probobly the most relaxing game i have ever played. one suggestion
mabye add some more modes and make zen mode a bit more interesting i only
ever use zen so i dont rage and kill my phone
prince suvo : this game is awesome. it has beautiful relaxing background music and it
also help to meditate. it also have a great graphics.
shubh awasare : i love this game, is best and funny as well. please download for more fun n
kill ur time
a google user : beautiful game and can just get lost in the graphics, also is a nice type of challenging.
dannydude : this is a really good game and an addictive one. the art style of this game
is amazing and sorry if i push a bit but, when is alto odyssey coming out?
are you constantly going to update the game after odyssey comes out? but
still this game is one of the games i've played, keep up the good work.
sidharth s : i just love it. the zen mode with the music is the best update yet. loved
it very much. keep it up guys.
brian bourne : started off pretty great, but the addition of intrusive pop-up ads and
commercialization of the characters has soured the game/experience for me.
jamie mcintyre : great game. charged me for premium and didn't give it to me though! says i already own it if i try again but hasn't removed ads or given me the coins!
ayush vij : as i start to replay there is no response to my touch and also sometimes the character passes by some items it doesn't picks it up like coins or magnet...... fix this.
a google user : love this game,the music in the zen mode is great!! i recommend this to
anyone who likes simple yet challenging games. but it suits everyone.
ravi aujla : such a great game. it's free, but i'll buy the premium just to support
these guys
a google user : worst game , worst control and never starts .... first thing after
installing is to uninstall it
shiloh richardson : i hate how you have to jump over chasms that don't make sense.it is too hard
sourav gangopadhyay : i loved playing this game. the effects and sounds r awesome. small details
r really good to see. am done with all the levels - twice ! and waiting for
odyssey version for a year now. when is it coming ?
srinivas acharya : it's good but i found it as there's nothing except jumping and moving but i liked it
matthew p : great game. i'm enjoying it, however, i keep getting kicked out off the
game entirely, highly annoying when you nearly completed tasks and the
game. please fix this problem and will defo get 5*
kuldip singha : simply unique, i just love it specially that backflip and love the
environment, control system is very easy. just mind-blowing and that
soothing sound gives me relief .
were hare : excellent game with nice production values and very satisfying gameplay. the developers are also really great at responding if you have a problem. absolutely give it a go.
maximus 32 : great game the game is simple & good. it relaxes me when am stressed.
the music is great too loved the music too. beautiful snowy mountains
thanks
mico usana : this game got my heart and i will never forget this! alto's adventure
deserves a full 5 star rating.
a google user : good game but repetation of same theme make it somewhat boring
gavino torres : this game is beyond gorgious, it's elegant and beautiful, it can be intense and scary, and fun for any one who plays it
monica devi : thank you for creating such soothing and beautiful game. waiting for the sequel on android, don't mind if it paid (please make it affordable if possible >.<)
a google user : obvious difference in difficulty between day and night. and night seems to last much longer than day. besides that, the game is fun and challenging.
cartoonshipper 9500 : it's a good stress free game, helps me get rid of my own stress.
swarnika nag chowdhury : game suddenly crashing in honor 6x phone. while playing the game it
suddenly crashes and have to restart all over again. disappointing. please
fix the bug asap. :(
terry bowden : i absolutly love this game the music is so calming and nice but i my progress has been reset and i worked so hard for the stuff i had and it looks like my save has been deleted any help would be amazing
nikita rao : there nothing special about it but, when we starts zen mode, the music it's so soothing to the years. i got relaxed when i listened it and played the game after coming home from school after giving exam
a google user : was really enjoying it until the most recent update. you guys broke the ad version. ***hover feather is now broken too.*** now no ads play to get a revive. disappointing as it was working fine. why oh why did i say yes to the update? it's as if you wanted to force free players to buy the paid version. sad to see a good game get greedy. did ea buy you?
devon tibbils : they updated the game a few days ago to give one free revive for premium players. now i can honestly say this is my favorite mobile game ever!
marya sales : idk why the soundtrack makes me sad but anyway this game is incredible,
love it
edward melton : it's not perfect, but it's damn close. i've played for hours, and enjoyed almost every moment. and the "zen" endless mode is plenty enjoyable, with no rewards aside from the feel of velocity.
double g dawg : the game is great, however the gui flickers on my galaxy note 4 as of the newest update.
adi bajaj : this one of the best game i have ever played tis game is equal to
meditation. one some more updates would make this game legendry
fatal tix : this is the best endless runner game if not the best game the only thing i can say is its to good! good job editors.
onjulraz : the best runner i've ever played. the art and music will blow you away!
mustafa akmal : simple and brilliant combination of stunning visuals, beautiful sounds and
exhilarating music. in love with the zen mode!
sophie : this is amazing. i love the gift shop and zen mode. i would pay money for this game. i love how simple and minimalistic it is. and the colour scheme is amazing. all round one of the best games that i have ever played.
stefan-mihai olarescu : while this game has outstanding graphics and a great feel to it, there are some minor but annoying bugs like powers not being picked up or having no effect if they are picked up.
s : there is no other game that is better than alto's adventure this is the
best game ever in my life thank you developers
dean : after oreo update. this game has some graphic glitches!
bradley dufour : love the game and the music is beautiful. but i use maya a lot and the
feather is broken for her, she still slides on the ground, is affected by
ice patches and is knocked over by rocks. other than that, no issue with
the game at all
a google user : awesome game. keeps glitching out mid run and i lose all coins and any achievements. really frustrating. when it works its highly addictive and rewarding! zen mode really is realizing to play too!
isaac sumner : i find most see-how-far-you-can-get games frustrating. i typically delete
them within 24 hours. this game gives you a sense of freedom. it doesn't
make ads obnoxious either.
yenik maningath : best ever multiple snowboarders to unlock new speed of level it's endless running is simple and game play is very attractive this is best for ever
james symmonds : it was great but now you get pushed to an ad screen that doesn't seem to
dismiss.
julian : it awesome what they said short box and the other day and i will be in the
morning and i am going to the strippers club member of the world is one of
the time of the world and that is a very nice and clean it out then i will
be in young people going to have a good day i have been a while ago and it
will be a bit of the day of school of business and we will have the same
time to get a good day to get the same thing as well but i don't have to do
with the new york ny and the other hand if you are not a big deal to be a
bit too much to ask if you if you masterbate
andrea gotta : 5/5 game with ads game do crash when i active wingsuit in tutorial zenfone 3 asus_z012s android 7.0
izzy anderson : love this game! so fun! i don't understand how to get away for the elders
durgesh chandrawanshi : amazing game i have ever played. it is perfect combination of beauty,
simplicity and adventure. overall environment and music is quite relaxing.
i am addicted to this game. thankyou to developers for making this game.
william franceschini : simply addictive. to bad its not entirely compatible with edge phones.
santhosh illa : i always love this game but donno why it's lagging now especially when it's showing that the wing suit is ready to activate. it's stopping the game play for a second. please fix this...
abduco : i love this game!!!! its my fav so far. everything about it is amazing! i recommend tharlt in future updates u make it so that a icon shows how many flips u do. thx!
rpm productions : love the game absolutely! immersive experience! when are you starting alto's odyssey looking forward to it would like to know ! feedback would be great
jagam : it's an awesome game..... but well since my recent software update game
keeps on crashing that's it
ashish m george : really love the game...love the minimalistic design...though i've been having some trouble lately...the game suddenly crashes and i lose all the progress in the current run and have to start over to finish the goals..also the hover feather isn't working..pls fix this
fabian manino : i love the game. i haven't paid for it. i really dislike being forced to watch ads even when i say i don't want to. or ads that have a fake "x" that leads you to their site rather then closing the ad.
darshil shah : game stopped working when i open data connection. please fix this issue.
mick slippy : great game but every upgrade requires real cash so the coins collected are worthless......yet another pay to win game
hg mantenimiento : for be free too much forced to view video adds. to simple for pay almost 5 dlls
a google user : in my opinion its a really great game but the only problem is the ads yes i can understand but otherwise its great.
neil sheldon : the game needs an option to turn off the nighttime. it is impossible to
play the game in the bright sunlight.
xyle garcia : this game is relaxing! this helps me when i am in stress or in depression. thank you for implying the game :)
a google user : it is so relaxing when i am stressing out i just go on the game and i makes
me calm down
al sabrin : you ll definitely get lost in this game. i can say that this is the only game that has been in my phone for the past three years. waiting for odyssey, planning to even buy it, if it is a paid application.
gary van vuuren : no aldo's odyssey on android...this is a 5 star game in all aspects but
won't change rating until odyssey released on android!
a google user : i used to absolutely love this game! until i purchased the "premium
upgrade" only to realize it doesn't transfer to new devices. i shouldn't
have to pay per device to use a game i played every day and already
purchased. emailed weeks ago with no response!
kim h : a beautiful game with pleasant music. i love it. it's relaxing yet fun and
challenging but not overwhelming.
tayyab khan : i love this game i just like it and the music it is just like a sad but i
cried this music is like sadness and i thick what this game is made about
it is like the kid is orphan and i love this game
legacy durham : the controls are so easy to use i want to be a computer progamer when i
grow up i aspire to work on a project like this
a google user : this is game is really fun and scary because you might get caught hehe
a google user : please let me know how can i use wingsuit i purchased it but can't use it.please teach me
pixlegun king pixlegun king : i hate this stupid crappy game it won't let me jump
logan pate : this is by far my favorite game on the app store. yes, it has unlockables,
yes there is ads, but if you turn off wifi and data, they won't show. also
the ads are not video ads. the game itself has a gorgeous soundtrack and
wonderfully simple, fluid gameplay. plus no bugs found yet! this game is
practically a must try and i cant wait for alto's odyssey. great job guys!
md faraaz : uve done a favour to ever1 by putting zen mode and the music... noodle
cake has world class games. please can you work on alto's odyssey. i think
it has not arrive in india yet.. thanku
levi : great graphics, the minimalistic design works so well, and also has plenty
of content at the same time.
katie lafleur : love this game, very addicting and beautifully simple. easy controls and
easy to learn, but not brainless. you definitely have to figure out a play
style that you like and can then better your scores.
captain aviator : this game is so soothing and fascinating that i really am speechless!! extremely recommend getting this game asap
bicumber : the game is calm, until the elder shows up but in zen mode there is no elder, anyway the game is awsome, if you don't have it get it.
vasilis ekizoglou : one of the best games to play and relax. the graphics are insanely good and give you a feel of relaxation, the characters are unique among each other, and the tracks on which the player plays on are the best i have seen in any game. 5/5.
s p : premium version is the way to go. awesome job guys!! great game & good time waster
nicole duhamel : this my favorite game ever! the music is amazingnand the tricks alto can do ! this beats apex in my opinion or anyothe game on google play store.
sachin sharma : please launch new adventure alto odasy bcs i have completed all 180 goals...
abdullah qureshi : i lost all my progress got to level 30 had lots of things and lost it all
a google user : i really enjoy this game its really peaceful using the zen mode and the challenges are really fun. cant wait for altos oddeysey
dominique mallari : the game is so relaxing and smooth. i just feel like the music is really
smooth and lovely. <3
a google user : i love it! so much effort put into the game, but i also love how simple but
artistic the graphics are. great game noodlecakes
pcr dominoes : great game. controls can be a little bit fiddly though. amazing graphics
james verity : one of my all time favorite games every! stunning design and simplicity, very relaxing and highly addictive. a great, great game
allan maximo : it's a lovely game that i use when i need to meditate, relax or whenever i am sad and need to relax
flayk : this game is amazing, but i wish you would release altos odyssey on android
that would be nice but great game overall.10/10 stars!
baba _ : game also works on portrait mode and on portrait mode game ui is totally
broken specially on menu screen
thaddeus archer : absolutely amazing, one little issue with the audio being slightly delayed from the game play but other than that no issue
a google user : one of the best game ty for this entertaining game so great and i love
it.dare developer please can you add multiplayer so we can enjoy playing
with my sister s
tyrone hawkins : fun but i think the elders chase is a little too hard...you really cant
outrun them
h satti : a lot of bugs when it comes to watching an ad to revive the player as sometimes you watch the video only to find out ur dead.. even more annoying are the popups ads during the game that crash it!!
a google user : it's fun l didn't know it coated money but it is great
max power : would be great if you could play head to head with friends. like a ghost runner. bring on the sequel.. great game.
sage henry : this is the most peaceful game i've ever played! the style, music, and
pretty much everything, in this game, is just so beautiful! this is a very
brilliantly made game! i applaud!
a google user : amazing game, reminds me of a similar game i played long ago on the app store. very relaxing to play.
pumpkinslayer : the game itself is so relaxing and fun but can be intense aswell and i love
it for that aspect. i would be more than happy to pay at least $2 for the
game if it automatically gave you double coins or the prices in the shop
were halfed, i however would be more than happy to pay the $5 something for
double coins if there was something else like 1000 coons or a special
character only if you pay. thank you for making a great game and my feed
back is appropriated. ^-^
saikrishna yadav : gorgeous graphics, awesome music. this game takes me to another world. so
soothing and calm.
cj undertale : this game is beautiful and addictive! it somehow teaches me to love nature!
bad wolf blogs : i love this gane, but i bought the premium pack, and didnt recieve 5000 coins. please help
emre esen : addictive gameplay, simple, beautiful low poly graphics, objectives are a
little bit relaxed i might add.
vitali lobanov : i am most disappointed about the non existent end game content. i grinded
through 60 levels to receive a mere congrats - and that's it? literally no
satisfaction from the achievement, and zero reason to play the game any
further.
talha butt : this game is greaatttttttt!! noodlecake studios, can you optimize tha characters to have different characteristics.like weight height etc.so one can backflip more easily and the other gains speed fastly.that would be an awesome update.
sharif siddique : one of the most beautiful game i have played. beautiful graphics, awesome music. hats off to the devs.
a google user : such a nice game i had never played this game is too awesome for playing.... everyone just play this game i hope you will enjoy....
ammar bin mahmud prottoy : this is a must have game on my every device. the first game i install on first boot is alto's adventure. everytime.
paulshadows : for some reason crashes using my lg g4 stylus 6.0
jorn christiansen : love the game. couple glitches with not being able to jump, but otherwise great game and very addicting! wish there was a couple different runs though! love the graphics btw!
a google user : super super suuuuuuuuuper...simply no words to explain.. give share option of this application in app itself....it will be better to people who want to share it to friends..
shakesperean roadman : super game but in my opinion os not the best runing game thanks
lokender singh : the game is crashing on my lenovo k5 note a lot and i am sick of it to do
same mission again and again
case watson : what a truly beautiful and excellent game <3 easy controls, beautiful and
simple graphics, and nobody dies. love it <3
muhammed cakabay : alto is not fluently on my phone (leecolemax2 4x64) pls give an update and fix it...
a google user : great game. its relaxing, especially the zen mode. i honestly wouldnt make any edits to the game if i could.
arunava karmakar : very good game.lot of fun and excitement and also the zen mode is cool.i think that it is my best ever traveling game.
l3lel : the audio is calming and soothing. gameplay very smooth. graphics and sfx are epic. keep it up noodlecake studios
cam d : simple, beautiful, and engaging. single touch controls and an achievement based progression that makes unlocking characters and saving up coins for the ability shop fun. get the wing suit asap! it adds a whole other level to tricks!
albert huang : very nice graphic but the game play is a little bit boring.
ed_vela z : "this is a cool game!" great graphics, controls, music, and awesome setting
for a non heart stopping game!!
ricky : it is really fun to play and the music at the background just makes it
soothing.this game deserves 5 s'.
nandan vasista : music is not great and boring too so give an option to use our music player in the option list
wahidut zaman : add some more places more stunt and some use llama we are catching it for
no reason then it will be awesome
shivam bhardwaj : lots of love, sound is also very lovely, this game teaches a deep life
lesson.
a google user : it is one of those game you can play when you are board and its time consuming ;) loves it!
gusti mahesa : awesome game so far.i love the music in this game it's so relaxing and have a good gameplay and graphic.best endless run game.
david wise : beautiful game, simplistic controls, and it takes a while to beat. and
still great to play after you've "finished"; great job noodlecake. :)
stephen sinnott : it is a serene endless runner where you smack alpacas bums to send them
back to your farm? maybe, and dodge rocks and some guy with a stick. later
you can play as an alpaca.
amul sharma : awesome game minimal themed but a store is needed , please add a store for player , ski & raindeer etc.
jfacee 14083 : this is a really good game! i'm addicted! it's a simple game, that makes the game more exciting! can't wait for the next game!!!
d n pandit : an big suggestions: 1} keep a option of selecting music and also provide
more music.. 2} keep some super coins at the end of the rope or keep coins
on rope because we get nothing on rope expect points.. 3} give detailed
description of the speciality of the characters. for eg : maya rotates fast
in air and paz travels fast. 4} the most important give some coins as
rewards when you complete a level bcoz it becomes boring when you spend
time for completing a mission and by seeing the reward it makes it more
addictive......i hope you would do the following changes.. if you won't
,then i'm refusing to give five star bcoz that makes this satisfying game a
worse simple like other games . never seen such a beautiful game
****************end******************
a google user : honestly, it was pretty astounding. the game was extremely addictive and
fun. while it brought fascination due to the graphics and beautiful scenes.
a google user : this game is awesome. very addictive. fun to play when you're bored. i
highly reccamend it.
khadija omer : it's very relaxing, i like the music a lot and graphics, it's very clean
and smooth as you play.
erik magnusson : sometimes tapping the screen to jump does not work but the pause button always works
a google user : exactly the kind of game that a phone should have. simple, entertaining and
quick to pick up and play.
guilhem ane : this game is great if you like graphics, and sucks if you want gameplay.
eye-candy, if you will.
patrick cassidy : was really enjoying the game but now it crashes at random points when playing it
darryl jackson : fun game, but alto is facing the wrong way in the thumbnail.
sara e : beautiful, meditative, relaxing game. helps calm me when i'm anxious. so much love for alto <3
subhasish dash : the goals are hard to understand... there is no help option which can tell that what is the goal means....
herbert wong : the game experience is great, but it keeps crashing, and sometimes touch jump stop working at beginning of game, but pause is fine. fix your bugs please!
ravi haldar : amazing game it's a very very interesting game. i like it's graphics so....
much and audio is . but sometimes it's very hard to control, player goes
to out of control. another this is awesome
izzy diaz : it's very fun, the music is beautiful and it is just amazing. you must download this game.
a google user : this is great. first of all, i love those llamas ^-^ second, playing mods
and beautiful music and different bioms are incredible! i liked these type
of games , continue please:)
chris t : awesome game. beat it once and reset, and now it's stuck on "pick up a hover feather" on level 5. patch this please so i can keep going!!
ganesh nikam : i really love the game had great graphics and relaxing sound effects.
aiden pascucci : i think it is awesome! its one of my favorite games to play! just a tiny bit of lag though...
kirjasto paras : you should add a feature where it changes the name of the game if you
change character.
premanshu das : there is a problem which is still not solved. i have done a factory reset of my phone and the game's folder has gone deleted from the internal storage of my phone. now i have reinstalled the game. i have to play the game from the very beginning which is really annoying. what's the use of signing-in through google play games then?
nitin rangaswamy : i really love the game... but its not letting me to play my old progress which is very high level... help me to get my account back...
romman : sound , art , atmosphere , gameplay just awesome when i feel bored , tired
it gives me relaxation
ak k : it's awesome i can't wait to see when altos odyssey comes out!
monke yee : i love this game. simple relaxing. but recently it crash often.
ivy s : i love this game it's so peaceful and relaxing and funny,and cute. the music i beautiful.
milan rafailovic : game crashes everytime i intend to cross mission with 50 backflips.
a google user : it was fun to play but there are way to many ads now
windy jay : the game easy is to play and great to play when i am not in wifi. one of my favorite games
khaled alfaris : this game is the best i've ever played on any smart phone! it's beautiful-looking and well made. i can't wait to try out their new alto's odyssey soon!
despond r. : there's just too many ads now for this to be a decent game anymore
a google user : this game makes me feel so calm and relaxed, words cannot describe how amazing this game is!
jasmin jones : i have enjoyed the game for months but now my s7 has updated to oreo there
are graphics glitches all over the place. mostly from the left hand side of
the screen
zach : it's a really great game but you should take out the rocks
a google user : this game is beautiful and the graphics are amazing. i can't wait for
alto's odyssey!
normal coat : beautiful game with easy yet addicting gameplay. can't wait for alto's
odyssey!
marian musteata : it's crashes when i play 5-10 minutes so i uninstalled.
jamie callahan : this is easily my favorite game...it's the one game i wouldn't even think about deleting! amazing graphics, perfect gameplay...it's so soothing. awesome music, especially in zen mode. i can't say enough good things about this game. thanks noodlecake!!
bisakha barua : it is pleasant and mind refreshing game. it has zen mode which is very
peaceful
caleb novotny : really well done game. the atmosphere is just amazing. i can't get enough
of it.
adrian m mora carreto : absolutely amazing! i enjoy it a lot! i use it to relax myself when i'm stressed and it's very useful. give it a try, it doesn't bite. hope they publish its sequel in android very soon!
kwabena asiedu biney junior : the app keeps crushing each time i open it!
a google user : in small age i used to play this game but unfortunately i deleted my game again at now i got my game so i'm very happy games very very very very super
mitchell h : by far the best game i've found for my phone!
tino tino : nice game but please can you add different places its boring playing in the
same place over and over
sooryathejas : very good game. loved it! i will play this game every day
bob bailey : so love this game! terribly soothing! ;) can't wait for alto' s odyssey!
dom : simply yet majestically beautiful and stunning. a very inspiring game. the category in which this game has mastered is the graphics. especially in zen mode, this gives a peaceful atmosphere. the graphics and pictures are amazing. the simple geometry made nature in the backround, and the light and color is perfect. along with the music, this makes the game pleasurable to play. secondary, the controls are easy, and ambidextrous. i love that you can also take pictures easily of the screen and game. the content is great. the game is challenging. the only con is that the game has ads. i know it is hard to keep up with money for a game programmer. but, with this app, it completely ruins the relaxing atmosphere of the game. overall, this is a outstanding game, and i would reccomend it. keep up the good work noodlecake! i am very excited for alto's odessey!
vaxiko : this game is so amazing! beautiful soundtrack, and incredible gameplay.
victor naine : finally we can pay for clean all of ads!
chiccadummythicca : frankly it's pretty great, the graphics and replayability it also great, which makes this game great!
ajaya rath : best simple nd smooth game ever i have played! amazing surrounding nd such
a good background song that made whole gameplay, realistic !.. . i
loved it nd hope u will too
jason steele : there is a small bug but other than that everything is ok. and by ok i mean
amazing!!!
shifa ahmed : game is nice but looks boring after playing it some 30 to 40 times because it's so boring to jump above the rocks again and again i think u should make changes as we go to other level
chris a : wonderful game, game play is great and the music is soothing, would not change a thing about it!!
sir supernova : great game!but i can't outrun that sentry and otherwise a great game
kaseem hairston : awesome game simple controls the graphics are amazing and it addictive
great job can't wait for oddesy
crazy boii : i think this game is awsome and great enjoyment please add some more places
and season's
shahab ud din shakeel : cannot get back progress any help
a google user : i've played subway surfers, temple run, but this is the best endless game ever
white_mann101 : i love this game. i just want the developer make alto's odyssey a game for all platforms.
gaidal kain : simple premise..... addicting... main gripe preventing 5 stars is the video ad system... i am ok with the ads, as game is free*, but the return to game function seems broke/buggy.
john-kennedy obinna : very addictive game, can't stay a day without playing it
doug lane : good game but has ads that have taken up 500mb of data in 3 weeks.
dawid dziedzic : great app to just let go of everything around you and relax on the game.
sheila demers : when i tried to jump the game wouldn't let me jump!!
kirit : the graphics and the calm soundtracks go great together, and give an awesome, addicting experience!
a google user : good game but frankly i'm getting sick and tired of waiting for altos
odessy for android. my buddy has it for iphone...just release the damn game
already!!!!!
nathan g : i'd never experienced beauty in a mobile game before i played this gem
0 : brilliant. such an addicting game, yet so calming! great game to play when
out and about.
mahesh m : extremely good game, nice graphics work, love to play again and again .
annie plays : it's an amazing game it's relaxing and super mesmerizing, graphics are
great!
ellora lynn : this is an amazing game! if you haven't tried it, you should.
revisha nair rajendran : good graphics with beautiful weather-changing themes. no regrets, a great game overall
n r : it is really cool game. great for all people, the music and graphics are
amazing.
jon morris : your ad prevented me from playing the game. fun stuff. 0 stars.
joseph deans : simple, fun and pretty without overly intrusive ads, a rare find.
ahmad acai : the most boring game i have ever played.
eli c. : aesthetically pleasing, simple and enjoyable game play. i definitely recommend this game
pandaking rex : i love everything about it! will never get boring!
a google user : relaxing best game played after long time....thanks guys for developing
this game....hoping to see more games like this in future
matt wilson : simple gameplay. good chill and not think too hard game. beautiful graphics.
rahul negi : its really great, when will we get to see alto's odesey
randomiser plus : amazing game. can't wait to see its sequel alto odyssey
thai nguyen viet : in lvl 8 mission pick up magnet and feather in the same run, the game only
register feather and not magnet? please fix.
parsa e : brilliant! love the game and most of all the great relaxing zen mode.
thanks to devs
a-aron : this game is just so beautiful. you should try it no matter what.
patrick donoghue : game is awesome. great music and visuals and overall a nice flow to the whole game.
kenneth corcoran jr : definitely an awesome game. well put together and i would recommend this
game to anyone. awesome time killer with countless hours of play. try it
out and see for yourself!!!
muhammad idzhar darissalam : these good reviews must be from robots because this game is totally boring, good gameplay and mechanics my ass you have only jump or flip thats it cant even know if the terrain ahead is steep enough to flip
jeepers creepers : man, this is such an awesome game and the music though repetitive, is awesomely divine, i mean, just just wow!!!
a google user : controls need improvement, night visibility is very low, coins should be increased
james olukole : a wonderful game. loved everything, from the gameplay and controls down to the wonderful soundtracks.
monina carandang : great time killer. controls are simple. game play and graphics are sleek.
overall a great game.
ovie okeh : one of the best games ever!! tons of fun achievement to attain. highly
recommend.
a google user : honestly an amazing game, however, i was playing and i got to a cliff and was about to collect another llama, when it jumped right off the edge. great game, but is that a glitch in the gameplay or just a suicidal llama?? i'll never know.
abhijit rout : it's everything that a game should be. just play and experience it !!!
daniel eidi : gorgeus minimalistic visuals, heart-warming music. truly therapeudic experience
furanshisu : this game is great i always haev fun when i play the mission are not hard at all but i just started playing and its great th game plays super cool in my samsung galaxy v phone runs real smooth it would also be cool to add a local multiplayer mode like racing or last man standing stlye kind of but still the game is ok hope you guys improve it
sangsan nissapanan : alto's adventure is the best endless run action game and exciting when
playing it.
mohaned mamdouh : simple yet sublime graphics and the gameplay is very exciting to witness.
great job!
kalpit vyas : this one of the my favorite games this has nice game control and graphics. i love this game
nav deep : music is so relaxing.. i paid for this app but still i see ads.
josi : i think alto's adventure is an amazing action game for all ages
riley thomas : best game . so addictive makes u want to keep playing
debojyoti mondal : great music, very simple but nice and relaxing gameplay. zen mode is best, i'm really love it.
mr. indian knight : i am feeling scary with the man running on the horse.
a google user : superb game loved it.and levels are very interesting as it goes further.
damis bran : very nice game. really simple but entertaining. also smart graphics and physics
gordon hill : i love this game. i like the back ground music. a fun game to past time with
nashia haq : installed it in my every phone from past 2years..coz it feels so relaxing to play
sicily mast : the beautiful artwork and peaceful music submerges you in the game
elliot mills : really addictive, really fun and absolutely beautiful. would entirely recommend
blackbear 23 : i like this game because if you like skiing, then you should play this game because it is a game where you can do the stuff that you have always dreamed of doing.
vinod kumar : good graphics, playing good time to spends i love to play
mayrln : love the music and the other sound effects they sound really good
alebroc : amazing gameplay and when you are in zen mode it is very calming and relaxing 10/10 well done!
yixy : overall it is the best, but sometimes you cant jump in the entire game
yan graf : occasionally press the screen for some guy doing a backflip occasionally successful, and then watching ads? maybe i'm wrong but it's not my type of game...
natalie w : when is the new game coming to android? i really want to play it! i've
updated this and it's still not working! no matter how many times i
complete a challenge it won't move on to the next level and the feather
doesn't work either! please fix this also will alto's odyssey be available
on android?
ezri hielmi che daud : i love this game, especially the zen mode. it helps me to relax.
maxmania 1981 : thx to new full-screen add videos gonna uninstall this great game.
vin joushe : calm and relaxing game. i play this game before going to bed.
lord jagannath : very good game specially zen mode. pls give some more zen modes and music
bhanwar lal parihar : this game is very nice and awesome control . graphic design is very charming and audio is very peaceful
ben k : why does this request access to photos media and files? then work fine without access? you're farming private user data? who do you sell it to?
a google user : it was fun and the graphics are nice the scenery was amazing and unexpected
ways to have fun with zen mode.
certifiedloverboy : game is nice no ads at all. awesome, the developer of the game is great
sasha gh : this game awesome.its hard,it has a lot of missions & most importantly its
relaxing.
romen chik baraik : very fantastic but the elder man makes me irritated...
chequan marshall : this is a good game but it need new levels and challenges
puppydog lover : this game is challenging but not so much to the point where you want to
quit and it was amazing!
madhu singh : my daughter liked this she always play this gamenow. so thanks.
innocent makwela : simple gameplay but beautiful graphics, runs smoothly and it's lots of fun
yogie halim : very relaxing with great soundtrack , one of the best healing game out
there.
david poon : if you can make the workshop scroll better i'll buy the game
wil rose : updated with more ads! do you love intrusive ads? well this game is for you! this game was launched with little, to no ads, and now there are two ads between each run! this game should be taken off the editor's choice list.
anna rapin : this game is great hekping my tense bowels shift around in arlington
heights.... wooshie....
rajat singh : hello team, i really like alto's adventure game.. good luck for the future.
nadya lusiana : this game is so perfect i loves this game the graphic,the songs,the characters i love love
reverend o'malley : one of the greatest games ive ever played on mobile absolute experience
this game is !
rachid saad : i only bought it to thank the makers for the for the great game and the zen
mode. great game
a google user : awesome game to kill time. awesome little challenges
kingsley ezenwaka : some of the ads don't have a "close" button - you are forced to watch it
till the end. not cool.
alan george : i have completed all the levels. its amazing. looking foreward to altos
odyssey. when will the sequel made available here?
malachi haynes : beautiful visual, music and sound..it's exciting and relaxing at the same time
fuzzzyeeet : love playing it it is fun easy game and has a very nice and soothing sound track and i hope to keep playing this game
saransh pande : when you play this game, you get completely lost in it...it's just beautiful!!!! the scenery, music, controls, graphics is just exceptional!!! loved it...
game god : it so relaxing and peaceful. can't wait for alto's oddssey
richa srivastava : good time pass game .... and does not need a lot of attention
paul raymond : love it! addictive and fun and also, if you have ads put it on aeroplane
mode.
raj raja : world's best game ever this game. i am waiting for update this game. interesting game
rob kenway : awesome game, thanks again noodlecake studios inc!
rabe sha : played 1 yr ago.. again played it now.. extremely good graphics...need more
features,consumes heavy battery,add more level
dhulse rumbl : really good and addictive.at the start i was just looking for a offline mobile game.glad i found this.
m : this game is the most relaxing game ever. the music is charming and its so addictive.
amir azizkhaniroshan : it have a bug. when i damage with a rock, for the next play, i can't jump anymore! android 5.0.1
sharath s.kumar : beautifully made game! loving the weather effects!
robertus agung : fc android 5.1.2, when jump and do fly with scraft
alan reid : love this game, it's a simple, beautifully made time waster.
daniyal hamid : eveything is amazing! the music is the best in any game.
zeyaul haque : i love the piano tune in this. the tune is more better when we play in zen
mode
octimas prime : the art and graphic style are so awesome and background music is so peaceful
milanor wolf : my game keeps crashing plz help
ibrahim abdullatif : this game passed the level of gaming into art, i love zen mode
aditya pawar : very short simple and addictive game love the graphics and snowboarding
shakir ajeel : its a good game but theres no onlin play
prajjawal sharma : when does its new version available it is a great time killer
eddie ryan : thihs is probably one of the best games i have ever downloaded
sm companies : very interesting game and it have good quality and controls
a google user : this is best game but he run not always
pramit khatri : great game i love the music and change of daytime its good
henry wheeler : this is a big copy of ski safari and that game is even better
a google user : i love this game so much it's just so fun to ride around
a google user : i love it i love the set the sound and the theme, i also love the color and the challenges
jishnu choudhary : the game and the music is awesome and the zen makes it beautiful to play
cheri luvisi : i really like the wings it but it takes too long to earn in a run
rama chandra behera : the zen mode is very relaxing than meditation and the beautiful music is just awesome
adam s prestage : this is an absolutely beautiful game easy to play and a real delight well worth downloading it
a google user : i loved the game and the music is really relaxing i just wanted more seneary i mean the scenery is pretty but it could be better
davis johnson : this is by far the most pleasant game to play on any device
first last : it's really hard to see in the dark
stepan fendo : very nice game with astounding graphics. the best game ever!!!
prakash : very bad game it's soo small
rainer : a peaceful and relaxing game. a must play to reduce blood pressure.
oskar shaw : love it so much this game is the greatest and i love the calm music
games gameplay and mlg : this game make me so happy legendary graphic s
a google user : superb game i have ever played in my whole life
a google user : fantastic game. the changing of weather is excellent. i loved the music.
great game.
cooldull 32 : i love it can't wait for odessy but needs one new charictor with new abilety
black scull : altos od should have a story the games great but such a great game needs a
great story
mohammad khalit : this game is amazing simple gameplay and loveable graphics this game deserve 5 stars one of the best game that i have play
a google user : this game is creative i liked it very much becuase you maked another game
about it i just want you to complete what you are douing positivly
chris murphy : honestly i absolutely adore this game but why so many ads now? you used to only have to view ads if you wanted extra coins but now theres ads everywhere? kinda makes the game feel like a clickbait facebook game.
johnny : gorgeous and zen mode is a joy to play along side some tasty psy such as shpongle or astrix
iorath bennett : an amazing game but why work on updates rather than releasing alto's odessey
a google user : i can't put it any other way then perfect
ifran rahman : strange peaceful game with simplest graphicss and music .
yaswanth chowdary : i love this game best game to relaxation and background music no words to say
a google user : this app is kicking me up
zetax zhang : when will odyssey come out
ganesh kumar : this is realy awesome game great graphics love u so much
nyle blue : best game play & super relaxing once you get the hang of it! practice in
zen mode first!!!
a. kay francis : beautiful graphics, great soundtrack, simple controls. i love it!
anagha giri : not too nice but good for hangout s
a google user : it's a great game, but when it get updated it's stop working on my phone... please solve this bug...
galaxious night : this is the most amazing game the graphics are so good gameplay is so good i really like how you guys made this game
rachelandguy falleynphillips : great, fun, easy going. there is one bug: level 55, pick up 4 coin magnets. the game does not count this item in this level...
applepi : just one word to describe this game: masterpiece!
clay bailey : i loved the game! and there are no ads!
sage s : i really like the zen run. it is relaxing.
a google user : ahhh... hey developer or noodlecake can you make a snowboarding skill like that... and can you make a skin in the game.. please..
divya pal : this game is so satisfying and its a pleasure to our eyes and ears
a google user : this is the best game in the world nice nature it will comes day and night i like this game tooooomuch
victor maldonado : it's a really good game and it's movement is rly nice
okokok ok : amazing. no other words, just amazing.
rathod narpat : very beautiful game and graphics is v.good, sound system also
akshay jadhav : hats off to the design and art. i wish more such games would be available
on android. everything is smooth and relaxing. the sequel ""alto's
odyssey"" ... i want it on android asap.
sharin raghavan : very addictive. good game with good controls and a good back ground music
rashmi gupta : its good game for stunt and time pass but very good
suzanne smit : i love it so i download it by the way no one is a jerk
arjun j : good music good stories mostly i loved the music in zen mode
hari kiran reddy tadi : addictive. music takes you into another world.
satheeshkumar ganesan : the most beautifully designed game in play store. music is awesome. should
play with earphones plugged. want to relax? go for ride with alto.
mukesh yadav : the game is beautiful. simple, smooth and heart touching.
[ ] : relaxing.amazing soundtracks.backflips, but most importantly, snowboarding!
robert a : the sound is seperb, top quality game design.
seyon sundarakumar : such a beautiful and peaceful game to play! thank you developers!
theintern : one of the best graphics on a phone game i have ever seen. very addictive
chris wragge : love the game but the black on black text is killing me. @noodlecake - can you adjust the text color to match the in game time of day? thanks.
joao mendes : wonderful game. graphics deserve best game ever!
fr0st x38 : game design is awesome and soundtrack is relaxing game mechanics is great i play this game all day it makes me relaxed and one more thing please bring altos oddsey soon to android thanks for the best game ever
bossman beats : mind blowing helps with stress and other thinks. mind blowing
thomas valenty : i think it is super awesome and a great kids game:)
izhar rifqi buana : great game, relaxing music, fun and simple gameplay
collins lesulie : beautiful and simple game. gets you out of this world.
kyrin viralaine : very fun easy to jump in and the music is very relaxing :)
st touring : great music, gameplay, simple levels. not like any other usual games.
arvind s : relaxing music and very good game play
kevin brown : simple interface. spectacular gameplay!
paul kensler : fast, fun and addicting... but frequently crashes
dawnmarie jackson : i absolutely love this game. it is beautiful and challenging.
elena knoth : love it its very calming and a time killer
aravind vcas : amazing sounds i really love it and very good overlay game experience also once thanks audio team super
pratima reddy : it's the best game i've played very addictive.
volvillian : fun, enjoyable and addicting one of the best phone games to play
aniruddh girish : a mesmerising game with an amazing soundtrack and awesome graphics.
siddhant dixit : beautiful, addictive and much more.
kurt ballesteros : it is great! waiting for odyssey.
oey homan : it makes me feel calm and happy. no stress
deadman : fun game. beautiful animation. calmingand relaxing. you'll never want to stop playing.
gyanan sankhla : this is the best game i have played nice characters and awesome music.
hassan warraich : very beatifull game. thumbx up for the team... but can u tell me when new
update of this game come?
smokving : the zen mode's music is just..... i can't describe how relaxing it is....
and i don't get ads i don't get it how others do.
droon acharjee : great time pass! this game is very fun to play
flamer : this is undoubtedly one of the best android game ever made,,
aman joshi : the game which is melody,exciting, amazing, and graphics are soo cool
a google user : the most beautiful and wonderful game. nice graphics and excellent music.
a google user : i love this game. the shadow of alto is making it more realistic. i like
the zen mode, there should be more modes too. this is the best running game
ever i have played. i will give this gamefor the best game. aww.. i have
written so much this is the best game and it is real. here i want give
something to alto isn't he feels hungry. this game is
.
freddy bland : awesome game really looking forward to seeing the sequel
ari mcdonell : fantastic game! definitely a favorite of mine.
crunchyvelveeta : i love this game, its so calm and soothing
osonaut : amazing, the most artistic and relaxing game i have ever played
sam j : hard to stop playing. lots of levels.
anbu s : playing zen mode with headphone is really relaxing
devesh kaura : relaxing very easy to play nice gameplay
jayden robar : it's the best i love it get it its worth it
omar hesham : it's so amazing , so relaxing and very pretty sounds
a google user : it's a very pretty game and anyone can play that
a google user : what a game!i love this game.
mr dynamo : lovely game, absolutely stunning!
mr nobody : a nice game to pass time.
happygoose 7505 : brilliant but when is the altos oddesy going to come out
ryan rogers : this game is really fun keep up the good work
a google user : amazing! i love the alpine theme
ghost_t94 : it's really relaxing with amazing graphics and excellent controls
aakash kulkarni : a great and a pleasant gaming experience, for every gamer
marcus : simple to play but very entertaining. download it and have fun.
francis li : this has a good art style and is really good the music is good as well
jilli h : great graphics, music, and visuals, very relaxing! love it! can't wait for alto's odyssey!
muhtasim daiyan : best game ever i gave it a 5 stars just for the awesome graphics and relaxing gameplay
tre murillo : beautiful, well designed, and totally worth 5 bucks.
amanie hassen : i really love this game and the back ground music
dhanajit ningthwja : nice graphic and the sound an the views very nice i like it
a google user : this game is really funny and joyful
bakr b : without seeing what is ahead it is hard to react fast enough
mohamad ezz : nicely designed game relaxing and challenging very cool
ambili suresh : i don t have words just amazing
robert red : i love this game is very adictive and fun to play
gerald toledo : awsome btw you guys are doing great on oddesey
cole gaynor : terrific game. well executed, great idea. love it
md johirul islam : this game is awsome then i thought
ami lothlorien : finally i've found a great game. beautiful
tomer cohen : artistic, fun and satisfying. awesome game
not raquel : helps a lot with my anxiety, its very calming
rajesh kumar : i love the concept..zen mode is just wow... pleasant scenery...awesome n
relaxing soundtrack...thanks to the team.
ternimaterx : if you like llamas and snow boarding, then this game is for you
jonah vanderpol : too much snow 0/10 ign
ratnam hengula : i love this game it is very easy to controls and nive
kommula machararao : the best game i had ever played
stuart lynch : i bought this on my old phone. none of my stats are recoverable. i'm also expected to purchase again.
siddhesh mhatre : very nice graphics,very easy too play
a google user : the background music of the game.. ohhhh it's really good.
azha makhdoomi : the great game. good graphics and more.
karthik sunny : beautiful game. lovely graphics. i enjoyed it.
fabulouskatske : very calming game with wonderful music and clear sounds.
naziya dor : it is best known game in world it is best game in world i love this game
dragonpilot5 : it won't pickup when i flip and the controls lag
onkar ta : nice game with relaxing art. very smooth nice graphics.
neeraj jadhav : zen mode is fantastic. really well done and relaxing
carver peterson : it has amazing graphics and the controls are very easy.
xxpixelman hacksxx : i love it i wish i could rate it unlimited stars!
rajan neupane : what a beautiful and calming game! absolute masterpiece!
devanshu sharma : most boring game i have ever played just wastage of your data i think dev.
should make it more exiting and colourful try to add the themes like summer
vacation and cracker festivel to make your game more colourful but now its
just most booooooooring game i have ever played the require a lot of
improvement and most funniest tging is that this game is (editors
choice)...........................
gamer status : i ama invoved completely with this game...it is a superb game
saiyan gamer : great game please launch alto's odyses on android
katayoon farahmand : i enjoyed playing this game, nice graphic and sounds
bindhu rajesh : best game ever.got a very attractive music.
sandy war : oh the best game for me <3
daxtin miles : i really like the game the gameplay is also really good i like it
bernard wu : hope that the developers would add 18:9 display support such as the samsung galaxy s8
a google user : awesome that's all i have to say
ayush garg : nice art style and gameplay for when i can't game on my pc. when's odyssey
coming out?
a google user : very easy controls. the graphics are great and everything is explainable.
lorcan smith : i loved the graphics and it's very addictive
a google user : excellent graphics and very much addictive.
oiva : it was the best thing that has ever happened
jay : a great game in my opinion, hours of fun, although id like to see the "alto's odessy" come out soon
mohammed ahmed : loved the game, specially zen mode
stefman : really nice for calming down and killing bordom
sabin udash : awesome sound track.....the most special thing i loved about this
game....well done
c. c. : great thought put into this game.
vallavan rahul : best game with beautiful graphics simple and mind relaxing game
dick _the man : this game is super addicting super fun and very calming
atomikbgd : only game i play on mobile. must have app for all my devices!
shaundelier : this game is nice!! best skii game i've ever played.
rajnesh sharma : feel like heaven.so peacful and mind soothing
shahriar baghdadi : it is so beter than you think;)
altmash deshmukh : please give coin purchasing option.
west channel : please in new update, a add persian language!!! tnx
magi : alto's awesome adventure should be the title.
a google user : stunning visuals great controls awesome game
rishiraj shrawat : this app is a stunning confluence of art and technology
harigan : amazing game i could play it for hours
a google user : love the simple but addicting game play
rachit jain : very pretty graphics with perfect background music
laura geoghegan : the graphics are beautiful and the music is so calming
rosewine : i love it so much alto is cute to
van - rod lafortune : the best game ive ever played
a google user : it has been really fun to play
razmil rafeeq : this game just like mind blowing
arkham.j.republic : beautiful graphics and is charming with imagine dragons in the background
a google user : i think ink that this is an amazing game to play
a google user : good game and well graphics and awesome
tasy boy : best sounding game always use headphone
izz shamsudin : when you get stress..and play...this game become great.because the
atmosphere,the music,the graphics was cool.and i'm shock!!..i'm getting
relax and getting sleepy because this cool game.thanks developer and i
can't wait to play alto odyssey
its_hotdog : this game is the most beautiful game i have ever seen well done and thank you to noodlecake studio for macking this game but i wish there was a way to tilt alto tho
a google user : beautiful art, good short play.
a google user : endless game with beautiful scenery .this game is so cool
niloy barai : most relaxing game in the world....really,,so relaxing...love the beautiful scenery, ,that time of rising sun,the night.. over all amazing.....
daveml archer : for over a year now, i keep coming back! 6 stars!!
ishaan oberoi : beautiful game. best on the play store.
a google user : really good, like, gooooood!!!! best game i've ever played on an android
phone.
shane arland : one of the best games u'd come across
chauhan shab : this is a intresting game .i play this game a lot.
aakash : a spectecular game i love it especially the weather mode !!!!!!
pradip mozumder : i loved this game. it's too good. please download it.
a google user : relaxing music. relaxing graphics. relaxing game. absolutely wonderful.
saad aslam : gorgeous game with beautiful sound track
onur demirezen : this game is a masterpiece by all aspects.
a google user : beautiful game, love the look and the soundtrack
a google user : a very nice game. liked it!
a google user : this is a very very very very very awesome adventure nonstop game in the
world
sayan khanra : very good music in background and circumstances is awesome
slawek krzak : great game, totally rewarding game play.... typically stunning noodlecake
studios graphics and user interface....well done devs....
mohammad hashemi karoii : this game is very very good. thanks to producer.
a google user : an art of simplicity with a soothing mixture of satisfaction!
robert gligoras : great game. spending hours and hours playing
hank allen : really beautiful game.i could play this for hours
a google user : good graphics, good gameplay & very addicting.
jit mondal : will alto's odyssey be ever released for android ?!! i am tired of waiting.
a google user : this game take away my spare time its amazig
a google user : very good game. awesome graphics.
marmik singhania : music, gameplay and simplicity just adds up...
owen pf : utterly beautiful. love the addition of zen mode.
stay motivated : plz add more musicand wish for cross 50million download.
rahul das : superb game in my life.....the song was so good...plz add new songs...
big will : love anything by noodlecake everything is so relaxed!
sheila :d : i cannot jump??? in the tutorial i can jump, but then when i play by
myself, i tapped when i saw a rock nearby, but the character just keeps
hitting the rock... smh..
lily sanchez : its absolutely amazing. its so relaxing. its all in all a amazing game
diamond prince : too simple gets boring easily
consciousness : peaceful ,lost in the game ,music is also good
mohammad abdullah : its a great game . excellent graphics it has.
a google user : this is very cool game, and please can you release the alto odyssey? i want it so much
toogle down : pls add some more in the shop
krishnakumar velu : please dont download nonsesnce game
aidan landry : amazing game. addictive. great graphics. this game earned it's rating.
teekam kumawat : it's good but try to make it 3d
heera joshi : one of the best use of light and a good music.
oisin corcoran : it is really fun to play and it's so addictive
shereen bose : this game is so amazing. i love it
draven georget : very awesome game can't wait for oddesy
kumar ankit : really loved the concept and game play of the game.
corvet coyote : love the graphics and zen more is great as well.
pankaj shrestha : nice graphics i love this game best game
christopher fell : i love this game! hoping for news of when the sequel, alto's odyssey, might arrive on andorid?
tre shaw : very simple but addicting. i love it
simon carlisle : brilliant game, simple yet really fun
sabiha aadil : it's best game but the rider is small
a google user : dope game, looking forward to altos odyssey, that is as long as you guys
dont price it too high.
vito matkovic : awesome game but when is the odyssey coming
devoney brown : love this game played a million times
wadu hek : nice graphics and brilliant for imaginative kids
deepika joshi : this game is very great gameplay
zboy 115 : this game is a masterpiece at its finest
jorge_53 _garcia : most beautiful game i ever played
ciccio piccio : one of the best game ever played
michelle reilly : best game ever made on the phone
tanmoy das : a very big thumbs up
akshat dwivedi : most simple and calming game ever
mohammad raza quadri : awesome game with cool feeling
rahul kaduri : game is so cool and music is lovable
pay 5000dollars to unlock name : this game is really very nice
hikari p : simple short cool and classy
ekram khan : the most relaxing game ever
jessica wu : so heckin addictive so pretty
mike sprague : love the game its so fun
backyard fox : it has an amazing and entertaining atmosphere
damaster 2018 : best snowboarding game ever played
milinda shehan : my favourite game i love it
abhishek choudhary : everything was amazing but player is small
md moquin : i feel it feels positivenes in you
luke j : amazing cant wait for the next one
kizoku : the way this game feels is amazing
rahul bhatt : just two words from the bottom of my heart ....thank you .... for creating this game ... #edit 1 - nothing like this game has been ever created
walter laureano : hey. i love your game so much and its relaxing. how can we get the altos odyssey?
a google user : humble request to you... plz put #alto odyssey on play store ... i am
eagerly waiting for it.. and also can't download it from any other source..
so plz plz plz... put alto odyssey on play store.. i will be thankful to
you...
majid karimi : it's so boring
victor clarence : ads in the home page and menu screens are acceptable, but right in the middle of the game? sorry, un acceptable.
a google user : sir this is an wonderful game but if u make it multiplayers game like in
another update i gurrantee u that it will reach 50 million downloaders too
and it will belegendary if u add songs like faded or freinds thnk u sir
mijoi groves : this game is coll get it it's coooooool coll get it
mallow : i can't tap and hold to backflip
atul paretkar : just obsessed with the game
im tired : beautiful graphics, amazing game!!love it!!
papori pathok : the best snow skating game in the world.
ayan dey : i love the art style of the game and it is a great game.
mohab gamer : it's a really nice game
fernando navita : great music, graphics, experience!
tanmaya nayak : i have exiting to paly alto's odesey
the trendy : best mind relaxing game ever made.a huge applause for the creators a
developers and people who made the ideas and made it
possible!!!!
yashveer singh : really a great game to play and avoid stress
reuben jyrwa : great game! peaceful yet intriguing!
a google user : ads popup even if i choose to start over.
kiran khandagale : this game always freshes my mind
blackvetom : short but good game good controls
marty benson : stunningly beautiful game 10 out of 10
nicholas derrick : very beautiful and immersive game.
santosh sundarka : really awesome and addictive game.
a google user : perfect game and it's graphics are amazing
ke'vontay tucker : loved it can't wait for odyssey
dhruv jadav : in love with this game... gr8 graphics
arun singh : beautiful graphics, love the idea
samyak shrestha : brilliant. so relaxing and addictive
harish reddy : greater look, greater experience
lebron jahames : alto's adventure is a great game
vinnarasi : it's very boring
lucas blz : can't wait for altos oddessy
chiken : we need more tapping games with those graphics
harena embaye : it dont let me jump over the rock
bee bee : wish there was a way to control flipping forward a touch
itz called 'creativity' : iam not lack toes in toddler ants
likeaboss mastergaming : everything is awesome!!! i really like the calm music!!
tiran pabasara : it's a perfect game app.
vijay singh : it is a really best game.
prabha karan : super game....when play this game before connect your heatset and feel the sound...sounds is wonderful....
hugh robinson : you need to get a handle on your ads. there were innapropriate ads for a game rated e for everyone.
emma croft : it will not let me do the back flip
blue moon : when will you release a new version like on the iphone
chloe phillips : its a fun game to have when your bored
a google user : this game has awsome graphics guys! and best gameplay!!! deserved 5 stars!!
aahyush : got this on my pc .. good interface, great idea.
the train show : very good graphics and easy play..!
jose christian fuentes : its alright. all i need is tap.
mary johnson : it's best alto game
a google user : if i would rate this it would be a 3
impwnd : i love this game but when is altos oddesy coming out? ive been waiting
forever.
a google user : <3 so much fun, amazing job, noodlecake!!
red king : very fun, easy, and addictive
nitish patra : very good game..i enjoy this game .. that music very nice..i like this.. thanks
a google user : love love love loved it!!!! such an amazing game!!! super fun
a google user : i like it a lot, but only shen it works
parker stanfield : beautiful, inspiring and fun!
madan shivashankar : awesome game i love it.
mandir hapal bb16 : wow.... nothing to say..... best among the offline games..... superb
experience.... love it....
rajat srivastava : i feel chill everytime i play this game... it is beautiful...and music...whoa....loved it...
justpelumii : i really love this game. it's relaxing.
lucas gabriel de moura lima : lofi hip-hop delicious
pramesh sinha : awesome music & awesome gameplay...
a google user : what an addictive game!!
bibek shrestha : awesome game! completed all the goals!!
suraj chauhan : simply awesome and soothing to eyes and mind..
pedro lucas oliveira : great and relaxing game. very nice!!!
a google user : this game is aswome. but there is no store to buy
alex wyller : nice graphics, great gameplay, when do we get alto's oddisey on android?
khaizal bongiovi : just one word for this game... tranquility!!!
kryptonian khan : when is the alto's odyssey coming out for android... this game though
wahid tousif : nothing to say about this game ...... its awsome love it....... like it.....
rebel scum : great, easy, relaxing game. zen mode is brilliant.
ayush rathaur : greatest game for the ski lovers!....!
a google user : this is an a amazing game and it is relaxling i got it for free on play store but i costs money on app store(apple).
a google user : psych game can play it all day long plz instal it unbelievably awesome
game
satyendra srivastava : great graphics. seen design. music is soothing..
a google user : very nice .i recommend to download this game
a google user : it's a really awesome game with really awesome music and it's really awesome
shahid ahmed p : good and nice game.. i enjoy playing it!!
kranthi kumar : disappointed with app becoming unstable
ej cain : awesome game.. when is the next one coming? i can't wait!!
taranpreet singh : best to get the feel of nature at home......loved it......awesome
music......awesome gameplay......awesome everything
ashutosh jena : amazing game .. good graphics.. nice to play
kosmoak : i liked the game and the zen mode is cool....
basil twait : the best game ever!
lucy torres : i loved the game!
hardev sharma : best game ever..... simple, smooth and calm.
felix : great time passer!
shakil hossain : gorgeous music.....really love it
chris d : great...until all the ads were added.
ramesh mathavan : mind blowing game ever....
ayush dev : this game is really awesome....must play it
thyag rajan v : simply great !
kali rajan : i really like it fantastic game.....
lilan nawagamuwage : great game!
darshan : waiting for alto's odyssey!
tviny28 : beautiful graphics!!!!! i love this game!
fury rahul : addictive game.... awesome gameplay
opsylulu : it's sooo peaceful
grace minick : it's awesome!
henri duarte : i love this game!
rawan mohammed : i..love..this...game!!
sachielle abeynayaka : could be more.... adventurous,but good game
ahmedy tolba : absolutely gorgeous game!
jessica jones : amazing game. lots of effort put into it
sandeep dk : graphics attract a lot....the sounds are realistic....features are good and
smooth
papa midnight : really good game
deepak tiwari : i love this game.
sabari mj : this game is something else. unlike other games about wining this one is more like to keep the players in a relax mode.
ray adams : it's a good game
zyphro rodriguez : it's so relaxing
soham deb : one of the beautiful games.
a google user : worst and too worst
a google user : very bad game
andrew bell : helps my anxiety
flersive : pinnacle of visual pleasure.
christopher robledo : it's marvelous!
waqar hussain : very good game.
goulz : it's fum and relaxing
a google user : it's mind blowing!!!!
hatef khosravi : one of the best games!
a google user : loved every bit of it.
sujit kumar : it's amazing and great
ghazwan yaseen : one of the best games
mr. shubham : when i play this game...i find peace..
tanakarn somsuk : everythings about it is good and beautiful.
shannarylee : i love it so much!!!!!
swapnil dabhade : in love with this game.
arslan sulemani : best soundtrack best graphics best gamedesign loved it
nikko gorne : wonderful game... brings me to another world...
mighty white : love it. addicted!!!
md milon : this game is awesome
ahmed noman : love it's simplicity.
eric johnson : when will we see alto's odyssey on android?!
egg : i think everyone should play this game
cooking cringe : i love this game!!!!!!!
ranit seth : not bad.....nce..
zai .c : wow .....great . . i love it
008 xversion : perfection!
raymond bugagao : awesomeness!
a google user : great game!!!
a google user : i love this game...
sruthi reddy : peaceful and pleasent game.loved it
lannon harms : what an awesome game!!!!!
mazen khlifa : perfect game realy if i have 1m bucks i'll be give the money to developers realy realy amzinggggggggggggggg
a google user : it's a good game...
envy_x_wrld 12 : my life has changed in
anuj sain : loved it!
a google user : awesome game and sound effects
a google user : wonderful game i love it
kallenof duty1 : good timekiller and the graphics are beautiful
a google user : undoubtedly 2018 best game
dhanesh rajpurohit : a very good game
sayan sengupta : great game with a good graphics
a google user : best game on google play
kotetg : best game on my phone
sagnik roy : very simple and stressfree game
shefaul shakib : amazing game definitely download
a google user : beautiful game bgm is amazing
ja 'shaun kelley : this deserves the max rating
rajendra mane : the game is very good
a google user : relax music amazing graphic
a google user : i love the background music
abd essalem : great game so far
wolf dragonheart : amazing music and attention to detail
karthikeyan m : superb game awesome music
a google user : it was a really good game
a google user : amazing graphics relaxing game
ken pipersburg : i love the jumps and stunts
a google user : thanks for such a beautiful game
a google user : fantastic feel on playing this game
anuruddha priyasad : great oneof themobile game
tim xia : best game in the app store
vamsidhar alluri : one of the best game in playstore
james_ : nice game to play anywhere
sheikh jannatul ferdous ishani : better than temple run
a_random _idiot : love the color s in the game
a google user : awesome game and easy going
marco munoz : i berely like playing it for free, what makes you think i want to pay 5
bucks for the full version....and that's because i like it
abd samad : not boring&very inrested
john : die once and have to watch an add to continue? no thanks.
hello, world! : i can not jump in the game, but i can control the setting?
ashkan heidary fazel : the best game ever
a google user : enjoyed it,music
fredrick martin : addictive!!!
mammgz 2 : wonderfully made.
rick mac gillis : boring.
marcus jackson : it's addictive
tim byrd : it's awesome
kalvin joesva : it's awesome
devarshi raju : nice theme.
miguel zamora : game = life
sourabh vaidya : very good game and very easy
mohammed shafeeque n : fantastic+marvelous+beautiful
a google user : this game is very great game
llandyn lubs : it's good
jaden desmond : loved it.
allison krause danielsen : love the llamas :)
saroj kumari : it's nice
mohd asif : it's good
syed asad ali : it's good
jyotirmoy roy : awesome graphics...
einsoh mack : nice,no ending of llamas and,a growing scarf?
a google user : " best of best "
arinda bagchi : really awesome game but when will the updated greece version will come in
android my friend!!!!???????????
a google user : best game and music
a google user : this app teach people how to snowboard that's cool
mukta roy : awesome super graphics awesome gameplay
eric bradford shinoda : more perfection...
krysette gala : my taps aren't working
suryadevara venkatesh : worst game
tom lander : beautifully designed and executed
jac-jac davis : very fun to play
legend boi : cool addictive game
pankaj kumar : good graphical game
m.r. salatin ruso : cool and preety game
eden gibson : great visuals and music
pramada pranjali : this a adventure game
max eagle : i love this game
rohit behera : awesome and tons of fun
raghvendra mishra : very nice game
afzal naseem : good and nice game
a google user : such a cool game
camille l. : its pretty lit
a google user : beautifully made and simple
a sammy : awesome game to play
lucile : amazingly beautiful and peaceful
nyc jesus : its a great game
a google user : i love how simple it is
nick clark : this game is awesome
loaf of bread : pretty good game
tejas ks : good and addictive game
pocket gaming : very addictive and fun
a google user : superb gaming experience
gudubabu status : the beautiful game
a google user : very nice game
ijjbv jwjansja : smoothing and relaxing
max stretch : really fun and enjoyable
sankar k : best game in the world
hamish dinger : bloody top
a u : loved it.
mr. imperfectionist : cool play man
vardhman sidhu : when will alto's odyssey be released?
shrinath bhegade : i play it to complete the missions
punk pandaxd : tell us what you think
austin simmons : it calmed me down
a google user : this game is really addicting
wisley brutus : this game is awesome
chaitanya lal : best gameplay and graphics
a google user : this a beautiful game
xuanfate : when can we play the odyssey?
maral barzegaran : that is great
a google user : how do you access altos odessy?
shane vandenberg : calm and relaxing
google user : this game sucks
hrushikesh patra : what about the alto obessy
li'l bro : this is agreat game
a google user : story snowbord game
meet rathod : game controls are to be fixed
a google user : awsome game
dean emerton : awesome great
niher barman : love this game
asraful islam : great graffics
cel este : pretty good
zhyve abstro : impressive graphics
amanda pong : relaxing and challenging
jack caccioppoli : simply pleasant
jonny g : love it to bits
a google user : absolutly wonderful
a google user : awesome graphics
alfonzo hill : love this game
sgd : simply awsome
ryan martin : fun with joy
ericka gutierrez : good graphics
anthony martinez : great game
jonty : absolutely fantastic
samuel obeng antwi : great game
samuel chavez : its relaxing
kayaan udachia : strangely calming
anup avasthi : great gameplay
lee olly - 'y not c' : enjoyed that game
a google user : soft music
alimul raji : great game
christian garcia : challenging and fun
mihai zoican : addictive and relaxing
anshuman majhi : awesome graphics
carmen castorena : i think it is awsome
d d : simply flawless
anirudh rajput : it is very beautiful
a google user : super addictive
a google user : awesome play
matthew smith : why does it asked to have access to my photos and media?
simon mallais : hate it
saku leinonen : boring
a google user : hate
arch axis : boring
a google user : boring
zombiemunch : a lot to fix.
beni m. : where is alto 2 ?!?!?
a google user : cool
tewie wessels : enchanting
jyotheeswara reddy : addictive
tarek bouchoucha : relaxing
levi johnson : won't load
uganda knuckels : this knows de way
jeff hunwicks : just play it!!!
maria saade : the game has been quitting mid-game and closing by itself. i keep trying to finish quests but sometimes they don't count cuz of the app quitting unexpectedly. please help
a google user : full of pleasure
victor wainaina : after yesterday's update i literally can't play the game. i play for around 3min before it force closes. this has been happening just after the first elder. please fix because this is the only game i actually ever play.
kartik.m giri : asowme
daniel reardon : the game is fun to play. it does have bugs such as lag and dropped frames (on a pixel 2). also some if the ads are very aggressive and will switch to chrome and load a few sites before closing back to the game. sketchy behavior. i was considering purchasing to remove ads before it did that and instead uninstalled it.
ali farahini : the adventure is unique, but i faced a problem in between which is that when you crash on the ground, the choice which you can push to continue from the part you crashed, says you need to watch a video to continue, or pay 1500 coins, and when i push the first choice, it replies an error saying you can't watch the video, therefore i have to start the level from its first. this is disapointing. btw i am connected to the internet...
quails on rails piety : easter egg found ... after you end a run hit the plus button next to the coin collector..( a video will play ) once the video has played you get 500 coins added. stay in that screen and press your home button then return back to your game. you will get 500 more each time you leave and come back to your game. collect coins unlock everything beat game fast...
matas jasonas : the game it self is awesome. great graphics and very smooth experience. also was amused by the music and sounds. the only thing that really sucked the joy out of it were random crashes without errors (xiaomi redmi note 3). during them the progress of that slide is lost. and a bug (although not critical) it is hard to explain so i will not discuss it here.
james crawford : don't usually leave a review but had this game a long time and it's by far the best game i've played on a phone. it's the one i never uninstall and always find time to play. this is seriously one of the most relaxing and beautifully designed games out there. perfect for when you're feeling stressed out and you need to take your mind away from things for a while. there's a dedicated zen mode as well for when you want to really chill out while playing. looking forward to the sequel.
lianne lim : the game became worse after the recent update: 1. clicking to watch video ads do not work. no ads came up though i have tapped watch. 2. crashing more when the characters travel more than 10000km and losing all coins. 3. paying to remove ads doesn't work. overall it is a nice game but the update ruined the whole experience.
laraib ali : the game is great. its got a soothing music with relaxing gameplay. i downloaded it when it was only five thousand downloads old and today its an editor's choice in google play store. keep it up developers. only recommendation is that it can be more arcade filled. after a while it becomes weary and action-less. please work on it.
jef huntington : do not pay to upgrade this game! the premium version is not better than the free version. with the free version, i could watch an ad to continue playing after a wreck. i thought the premium version would give me the same functionality without the ads. i was wrong. disappointing. i want my $$ back. with the premium version, after wrecking, there is no way to revive without spending coins. have to start over. still can't believe the paid version is worse than the free, ad supported version. go figure.
tyler martin : a fairly laid back scroller, the lighting can be tricky and the rock piles pop up behind backgrounds sometimes which can be frustrating. this is a game that i play somewhat regularly and am drawn back by the nice graphics and the variation of levels rather than excitement, either in-game or by the anticipation of unlocking interesting power ups.
roza zilonitis : 5 stars no questions about it. yesterday for some reason tried this game while headphones were in and omg such a nice twist with sounds guys. nice work on that. music is beautiful same as graphics, nice and moody. one thing though that happened since last update is crashes once in a while on nexus 7. game just quits by itself.
joe kraus : when did this game get ads poping up when you crash (ads that you didn't ask to see). super annoying that the developers have added this to a very old game, and then ask you to pay to remove them. this was a 5 star game, but with these new mandatory ads (clearly a money grab for a game that hasnt changed in years) i feel the game only deserves 3 stars now. very disapointing.
ilaria passano : 1. add more stuff 2. it lags or crashes often. 3. once i watched a video to get an extra life but then the game didn't work. 4. another time, after paying 1500 coins to go on playing, i almost completed the mission but a late notification that a video wasn't avaiable appeared on the screen and i lost.
s0pk : alto's adventure is a chill snowboarding game by noodlecake where you as a alto snowboard an endless mountain for a reason you can decide. either for score, challenges, for fun in zen mode or for lamas. this game is currently my favourite and i believe many others too. altos adventure also includes really relaxing music while playing varying from mode. in normal mode you'll play mostly for score and challenges. in zen mode there is no objectives nor game overs, you fail, you get up and continue where you left. no others to say than 5/5 would play anytime
xi : one of the best free mobile game i've ever downloaded, i recently changed my phone and i completely forgot about this game but i'm so glad one day i was just scrolling through the store out of boredom and nothing to play that i found this again. i can't express how happy i am to have found it again. absolutely beautiful, it's calming and i have happily played for hours, i love this game and don't get me started on the artwork and graphics
kurtis daniels : usually i'm not a huge fan of runners. the same set of obstacles and
actions make them get old fast. that can't be said for this game, however.
it has enough variation that it captures my attention every time i pick it
up. i'm also a huge fan of the graphics and like how there are events such
as night and rain. all in all, a stunning creation. this will be in my
games folder for a long time.
duncan m : one of, if not the best, free mobile games out there. visually enchanting, clean and simple gameplay, and tight controls. all ads are entirely voluntary and not at all necessary in order to progress or enjoy the rest of the game. the music and sound design are flawless. this is what mobile gaming should be. edit: i'm unfortunately forced to edit my review as i've upgraded to an lg v30 and the game now crashes regularly during gameplay. i hope a compatibility update is patched in soon or instructions given for improving reliability, as i really enjoy this game quite a lot.
alby : it's a nice calming down game that doesn't put pressure on you to get everything done. it's a choice to complete everything and you can restart if you want. my only problem is sometimes when i tap on the screen it doesn't work but that might be because it's cracked so i don't blame this game. but it also has been kicking me out mid play.
robotic wizard88 : this game reminds me of life...ups and downs and whatnot. but there are a few things i have learned. if there is a rock in the way, use it to make you soar higher than ever. look at those low points coming up and remember that there is a steep incline ahead that you can either choose to ride, or come out doing a freaking backflip.
cp gautam : clearly a game like non other. even the visuals alone make you want to play it all day long. though there are some bugs such as after picking a feather the only change is your character turns blue, also sometimes you simply pass through magnets and coins without collecting them.
bijoy roychowdhury : update: advertising has increased ,and can be intrusive.game is enjoyable,but a lot of bugs.if you fall,you can watch a video and revive yourself,but once,all that happened was that i kept flying in the air. the game controls stop working sometimes,but the other parts of the app are responsive. also,the floating boost comes,but doesn't actually work .so you will crash into rocks instead of hovering over them.
chaitanya tahasildar : i have played number of games & uninstalled once completed or after getting tired. but this game is special. the background music, graphics, controls all are smooth & perfect. it just takes you to that place. although there are almost no hard challenges in game, it deserves to be stay up on someone's favourite game list.
donovan : a fun and simple game, great for passing the time. the best part is that, unlike most other mobile games, the game still fun without paying a dime. however, i am stuck on a challenge to hover over a rock because the hover feather just isn't working for me. i just keep snowboarding as usual with hovering at all. please fix this in the next update.
mark onnen : this is the story of a humble alpine llama herder who is also the greatest snowboarder in the world. simply put, alto's adventure is the best endless runner ever made. it is simple yet affords a great deal of variety in gameplay, and the visuals are clean, beautiful, and avoid the garish oversaturation of color that is so common in mobile games. i hope more developers choose choose to follow alto's free-to-play model in the future.
sayan mukherjee : i have dropped the rating from 5 star to 2 star just because of one fact. i used to play this game alot but due to lose of the previous device i have installed it in the new one but i cannot get my progress back. if it's possible to have it back anyway i'll be really great full. thank you
aaron larson : to many damn ads. i haven't played this game in months, but was one i never removed from my phone. however, i just opened it and it went from very clean to ad ridden. i understand why it is necessary but not to the point of having to deal with ads after every run. lowered my rating from 5 stars to 3 for this one simple issue.
owen varley : don't understand what people are talking about. continually slide down a hill, jump and do a very slow flip,or jump a rock, or slide along side bunting. didn't find it relaxing, found it irritating and very basic. short of new objectives there is very little progression. looks average if you ask me. got bored and deleted it after half an hour
stephen isaac : i have been enjoying it till recently, the game has started hanging whenever it meets powerups. sometimes even after switching off the phone it continues to hang, sometimes it runs okay. hope this problem can be solved, quite irritating especially when aiming for a goal.
mohit : its a very nice concept. love the minimalism. only 2 things i disliked about the game. firstly if the game is over, it takes a lot of time to play again. we have to tap a lot. well this can be ignored. but a bug is noticed. sometimes the controls are not responsive. there is no specific time. it can happen anytime. like if started game afresh, after playing for sometime. it has not happened suddenly during gameplay but after game over, no matter how many times it is tapped, it will simply just not jump.
leo eppinga : all-around my favorite mobile game ever. if you're looking for an excellent offline timewaster, this is the game for you. it's a long game with devilishly tricky goals, but nothing impossible. i recently unlocked the last character, and i've enjoyed every one of the many hours i've spent playing this game. there isn't much story, but it's perfect in every other way. it's also really battery-efficient, as it's a 2d (runner?) game with a good zoom distance, so the graphics don't need to be perfect to give them a crisp, clean, polished look. you can also customize options to what best suits you. 11/10 would play again.
ronald duttweiler : wonky controls and no actual reason to catch the llamas left me lacking. the jump controls were bad, the shield had a great habit of running out just before a rock. often i saw no reason to jump and would just not do anything watching the little trees go by.
king kagle : this is one of the best games ever made. while obviously made for mobile, it transcends other "mobile games" into the realm of just amazing games. however, the system setup for purchasing in-game means that, if you ever uninstall, not only do you have to start from the beginning (acceptable) but you also have to pay again (unacceptable). there is no "restore purchases" option. it would also be nice if i could listen to my own music while playing, without the game shutting it off randomly. but seriously, if you haven't already purchased this game, download it. whether you want a long-lasting challenge, a short burst of relaxing play time, something to do while listening to podcasts (on a separate device), or literally anything between... stop wasting time and get this game.
stephen clark : i had this a 5* but knocked two stars off. they've removed the 3-lives game mechanic, and injected ads that you can pay to remove. that i don't object to; this is an excellent game and deserves support. they fixed that paying to remove ads actually removes all ads, so i added one back. they have helmets you can buy for 1,500 coins (same as before), but you have to buy them up front. i still think it needs a 3 life chance.
kaidyn sisk : i love this game, unfortunately there's a bug happening where i no longer float when i get the feather power up, so i am unable to get the "catch 3 llamas while floating" achievement. other than that issue, this game is beautiful and extremely addictive. i'll definitely play it again if that issue ever gets fixed.
mu shr00m : do not buy this game! i really enjoyed this game, before i bought the ad free version. why? well for starters the ad free version takes away the continue option after crashing, unless you buy the helmet. which costs coins, which are hard to get unless you spend even more money on some stupid scarf. honestly few ads were bareable before, but this game almost punishes you for buying it by making you spend more than the already expensive asking price. free version recommended, but do not buy this game.
taylortyler999 : i love this game. i've installed and deleted alot of games that i've gotten tired of, but this one is the only o.g. ! i would only suggest, not professionally of course, but from the gameplay, that you should be able to get more upgrades, like your speed, jump, and maybe even be able to change the clothes that alto wears. even if this game stays the same, i will still love it, so no worries.
john valenzuela : the zen mode is fun for a while, but the game itself isn't. the only tricks are flips, grinds, and trying to bounce off rocks... but it's not just not fun. big plus is that most of the ads are optional and $5 for a simple same like this is reasonable if your into this type of game
karl knoernschild : don't pay for ad free $5 gets you and ad free version that also removes the ability to continue the game after crashing. this makes it difficult or impossible to keep progressing in the game and turns it into an instant death scenario where one mistake ends the game. the description of what you are paying for is very deceptive - it says it removes ads but doesn't say it is also entirely removing the ability to respawn. my $5 bought me a practically unplayable game. complete waste of money.
etz oren : one of my favorite games ever. one of my favorite things about this amazing game is that it's simple. there are so many games that are so confusing and with so much stuff, but this game is simple. my favorite things in the game are: 1. the music 2. the graphics 3. the gamplay one of my beloved things about the game is that it offers so much more like merchandise, photo mode (where you can take a photo when you want to; you pause the game and take a photo anytime you want), portraits and so much more! this is such an amazing game and i think that's it's underappreciated. good luck in your following game: alto's odessy! (i wish you'll make the alto's odessy the same chip in the corner of the a and the o)
noah infinity : alto's adventure has to be on of the best, if not, the best recent mobile game that the app store/ google play store has had. the recent zen mode is my choice of play because i can take some great photos with it. i don't know why i dropped this game in 2015. i cannot tell you how excited i am for alto's odyssey. snowman and noodlecake, you have done good.
a google user : the is a great game, there's a lot of detail in the design, the sounds, and is just a lot of fun to play. the only thing i don't like to much is the progress systems. after obtaining maya the other characters don't add much. the stretch goals become a little bit of a grind (pun intended). still i return to play this game occasionally, but i don't think i'll ever reach the final level, i'd rather just string a ridiculous combo than meet some boring goal.
jessica kane : a beautiful game! i love to play it to get my mind off troubling things. the only negative is that sometimes i don't get revived after watching an ad or spending coins and the same thing happens with getting coins as well. other than that, the game is amazing. beautiful graphics, balanced characters and a good time killer.
jacob hurlock : one of the best games i ever played. the graphics are beautiful, the gameplay is fun, and overall just amazing. just one thing - there were two glitches i found: if you crashed, you could go to multitask and back in and it revives you. also, if you watch a video for 500 coins, it gives you 1000 coins, and every time you exit and go back in to the app, it gives you 1000 more. (not saying they're bad, just sayin)
logan henderson : this is a beautiful game and the 'zen mode' is very relaxing and a great stress relief method. the controls are basic and easy to learn and it doesn't push ad's onto the player, instead it allows the player to watch an ad to maintain a higher score and longer distance in the normal game mode. this is by far my favourite game on android!
sanjay l : this game is very fun an addicting.. until i paid for the premium 4.99 packge. sure it removed ads but its soo much harder to get revives especially since they cost coin..which you cant get easily from watching ads anymore. so you have to work for it! great game overall though.
anthony rayburn : back flip to grind 3 times is bugged. completed it 5 times now and each time immediately after completing it the game crashes. otherwise fun simple game. i wish you could do more with coins. after the upgrades there's no other real use for them.
dan : great. chased by 6 pedophiles with 8 million rocks in the way, no roofs to complete quests, and no free continues like a normal game, you have to pay them money every time you want to continue by watching millions of ads. fix your game you greedy morons.
carin peelen : i love this game, and i've had it for years. but i'm disappointed. one of the major things i loved about it was not having ads pop up. and this is a game i would happily pay $2 for. i just don't think it's worth $5 for what you get, compared to what it was before the pop up ads and full version came into effect.
erika m. cecena : dear noodlecake studios, i recently discovered a game breaking glitch that gives you a bunch of coins. here's how i found it. watch an ad for 500 coins. then exit and reopen the app. it'll give you 500 coins more. then do the same thing over and over again. i don't know if it's a bug or anything but, plz fix it!
professor_q : used to love the game, but now i haven't been able to play it for months. the second i get the wingsuit on a run, the game crashes, no matter what. its made the game unplayable and unenjoyable. based on other reviews, i know i'm not the only one. if you could fix this, you would make a lot of people happy, especially since odyssey won't be out for a few months still.
dustin coffman : i'm very disappointed. i have loved this game for over a year. however , i recently bought the 4.99 upgrade only to find out it prevents you entirely from recovering after a crash in your run. i assumed by paying five bucks i would automatically get those two free runs, but nope! buyer beware of this scam upgrade. after the "upgrade" you have an option of buying a helmet for 1500 coins per one crash. it's ridiculous! i'd much rather watch a 30 second video. i want my free version back somehow. i don't even care about my refund.
mge : stunning, emotional, relaxing, and amazing. the game runs flawlessly, simplistic graphics but done very very well. as some, the zen mode is my favorite because its so relaxing. the music in this game is one of the main features in the game. it's so relaxing and calming it's incredible. my only criticism if i had to have one is able to do more than a backflip but even that's being picky. the changing time in day is flawless and i can't say enough good things about my experience with this game. thank you for making a game/app that is like this one
ayaan hussain : great game. artwork and sons effects are awesome. one problem is that sometimes when i grab a magnet or hover feather the game crashes. please fix this. in the next update maybe you could add more snowboards that are faster and can flip faster and each have a special ability. keep up the good work.
zero 223 : pls add were u can custimize ur charcter by buying. scarfs hoods jeans also what would be cool to race your friends gohst by adding them to have. leader bourd wars and see whos best if u added this stuff id rate 5 stars and make all my friends get this game u have a good idea but u could make it evan better with this stuff
muhammad faizan : beautiful, mesmerising, captivating and perfect. my only suggestion is to add a bit of story as well alongside the usual challenges. off course they could be added for the next alto game but other than the zen mode is what kept me playing this for hours.
tim kraske : absolutely love this game! it's very relaxing, and can wind down a hyperactive autistic adult like myself. i love the music so much, it sometimes lulls me to sleep. it's worth the time, and effort to get tupa, as he's a combination of all the other characters, and is very fun to play as. i'm looking forward to alto's odyssey when it comes. nice work on the game!
michelle m. : the game is really good, but i've noticed that alto's scarf and the ends of the wingsuit don't cast shadows. i'm not sure if that's a glitch i'm experiencing or just something that was overlooked. other than that, i really love this game and everything about it is so clean and beautiful
dudley barker : by far the best, most enjoyable, beautifully illustrated and relaxing games i have played in years - have reset it so many times now i've lost track. could do with something a bit faster and a little more dangerous, but it's perfect just as it is...
josh draves : a decently good time killer, but progression wise it has flaws. points i've earned won't stack through multiple games, and cannot pass the mission to pick up a hover feather,regardless of how many times i've picked up a hover feather
michael acres : used to love this game. i've paid for it 3 different times on three devices and ads still show up. i do not recommend. very sad to see such an incredible game sell out. alto is now unplayable. they must have gotten greedy. unfortunately i will delete this game never get a response from them and never be able to play the game i purchased.
ronnie hampton : fairly glitchy, sometimes i can't jump while playing the game, another glitch is that if you hit skip without enough coins you can watch an ad for 500 coins. then after that all you have to do is go out and back into the app for another 500, do this in repeat for infinite coins. whenever i get power ups it lags. beautiful game, nice controls, nice music, fun. the only catch is how glitchy it is. fix the glitches (including premium not removing ads) and i'll rate better. another suggestion is make premium allow you to continue your run. kinda dumb for you remove functionality like that in premium.
az levven : i am the type of person that hates simple games, including runner-up types of games (especially because they're repetitive and all the same). however, this one is a special case. the aesthetic attracted me so i decided to give it a go. damn, i thought, this game is great! it's simple, yet still entretaining plus the scenery is very relaxing and really helps you get into the game and mentally rest for a bit, despite the fact it's challenging. it's the only game if its genre i haven't uninstalled after 5 minutes. love it!
noble puzzler : this game is really fun and challenging, great to pick up any time! the artwork is just beautiful, and zen mode is actually pretty relaxing because you don't have to worry if you fall as you can get up right away. the only thing i would change is different songs, the music is beautiful but a little repetitive. i have installed and uninstalled many other games, but this one has stood the test of time. five stars!
zane truesdale : i adore this game. it's so simple and fun. the visuals are absolutely stunning and the music is beautiful. it's just so calm and relaxing to play. the challenges of levelling up make the game more fun and make me want to unlock all the characters. i gave this 5 stars but some possible improvements include: *add a speedometer to show how fast the rider is moving *add some other game modes maybe but whatever you do please keep the aesthetics and controls simple!
a google user : it is amazing and interactive game for all age. the simple and smooth graphics make it to liked by all the players. the gamecontrol is little slow but the sound track is awesome with changes with the surroundings. no doubt that is the best editor choice game which i have ever played. huge round of applause for " alto's adventure ".
gimba chungyalpa : alto's adventure is fun and makes time fly. it calms a person and keeps one composed. the zen mode is quite frankly fun. the one suggestion i would give is to allow us to keep alto's muffler long while playing. it could be toggled in the settings. i really would love to see how long it can be made. the only complaint is that the game is quite repetitive. i would like to see more obstacles and settings.
a google user : this game is unbelievably stunning. everything about it just sets you at ease, the graphics, the music, the gameplay. this is by far the best game i have ever played, and i've played a lot of them. what you do in this game is you go down a hill and try to catch llamas. you jump over rocks, do flips, ride on flag lines (i think that's what they're called)and catch your llamas. there is also a zen mode which is my favorite. the music is absolutely beautiful and relaxing, and the graphics are simple, but on the best way. i can't describe in words how beautiful this game is. if i could, i would give it 10/5 stars!
luke alexander : game is very fun, only complaint and a big one is the app crashes and force closes at the end of most runs, causing you to lose last run stats, making it much harder to progress. not fun having to redo all the objectives you've completed.
roo foo : i wanted to love this game, but it sucks. it sucks because there's too much luck involved. you're expected to do air flips constantly to have enough speed to jump chasms and escape some random sherpa, but no matter how well you time your flips the game doesn't let you see far enough ahead to plan for obsticles and sudden terrain change. no matter how much you improve your skill, at point a randomly planned chasm or hill that you can't see will take you out, so there's no point.
anindya guha : this is a great simple game -- the artwork and music are both great and i find it greatly relaxing to play this. i also like the fact that there are some small goals you need to achieve to go up to the next level -- kind of gives you a purpose to keep playing.
trey rose : great relaxing game, but the bugs are killing it. i had played through many, many levels, had unlocked most of the characters and store items, but the update to the latest version lost everything! i even had to redo the tutorial segments. it's fun so eventually i may do it again, but i'll probably just go on to a different game.
fantasy96 : no matter how good the game is (graphics soundtrack etc.) i cannot rate it any higher until you fix that hug bug that force closes your game while you're playing and you have to start all over again. it's really annoying especially when you want to do quests. pls fix !
constantin schneider : this has got to be one of the best games i've ever played. it's incredibly relaxing but exciting and challenging at the same time. there is absolutely no flaws whatsoever, except for a few bugs here and there. barely happens tho.
a google user : absolutely beautiful and fun. zen mode is a great way to relax and calm your mind. especially with headphones. the music and sound effects are very well done and the graphics are beautiful.
raphael levine : i love this game so much! well worth the download. the artstyle, the game itself, the different characters each with their own personalities, and the music! the music in this is amazing, and unfortunately leads to my one issue with the game: you can't purchase the music in any way. please noodlecake, allow this soundtrack to be purchased and i'm sure you won't regret it.
palemon del valle fuentes corrientes : i'm really happy with this awesome game. however, i would really like to have some other features that can make this app better. how about setting each sound at the time ( when you are skating on the mountain- the special effects, the rain and the thunder lightning) and in the option of playing in which no points are important, i would really to enjoy the listening of all the music, except the sound of skating and the one of getting points, besides not falling with stones. if the creators of this incredible app consider this recommendation, i promise i'll find more downloads for this application. thanks!
just ignore me : it's relaxed to play on zen mode, i really love this game. the scene and music make me sleepy and help my insomnia. but it'll better if the moon shapes changing, or some scene of eclipse, or supermoon.. i hope this game will be better as time goes by
parteek dhawan : amazing game. love it. relaxing, peaceful, joyful, timepass, simple, musical and addictive. a game that relax you. but it's lil difficult to play when there is night in the game and i'm sitting under the sun light. so it's too dark screen even at full brightness that i'm unable to see properly inside the game. beside this everything is just awesome.
a google user : i purchased this game and now i have adds popping up all the time and in such a way i have accidentally clicked on a couple in irritation. the jump function is entirely to slow now. it used to work fine but now sucks. end up hitting rocks all the time because of delay in response.
christian setiawan : when art meet entertainment .. this is lovely game.. very artistic.. what i like the most is the best hd audio experience.. this game give you real meaning of stress killer, cause game should give us calm feeling instead put our life more frustrated.. really looking forward for more of this kind..
kate erickson : i think this would be a really fun and relaxing game... if i could play it. on a moto z2 play this game usually can't even start up without crashing and if i do somehow get a game started it lags and bugs and freezes at critical moments. i really want to play this game but i literally can't. please fix it.
eli benko : excellent game. really enjoy the graphics, gameplay, and music. however, it has recently started crashing at random times. i wouldn't complain for a free app, but considering i actually shelled out the 5 bucks for this one i expect better. not knowing when or why it will crash, and losing all current progress is quite annoying, especially when trying for the more difficult/time consuming tasks. please address this issue.
nathan del carmen : the game is able to reach far, it truely has potiental. only two things i
have problems with is that there isnt much to do like maybe bulls charge at
you and you got to jump at the right time or maybe, you see challengers and
if you win the challenge you get a prize and maybe you could add online
versing. secondly there isnt much stunts to do in the game, plz add more.
this is only my opinion but still this game can reach any farther than most
games
marble.magpie : i love this! the graphics are beautiful and i love the music. zen mode is so cool, the music is just so calming and peaceful. i love all the characters, especially felipe! it's kinda cool how you can see the different stats, like how far you have gone, or how many elders you woke up. and the wingsuit is super cool!! over all, it's addictive, fun, and has beautiful music and graphics. keep up the good work!
alex p. : same as others have said: buying premium means you lose functionality. the free version is better. after buying premium, you can no longer revive your character (not even with coins, as that option also no longer appears) and you can't get coins from watching videos.
a google user : it started crashing every few minutes. i played a lot and are at level 50 now but it's absolutely impossible to fulfil bigger tasks due to the random crashes. clearing cache and rebooting didn't help..
mark ash : easy yet challenging. got me hooked until the battery went dead. after watching a video to revive my play, a popup ad interrupted my run, killing a great play. grrrrr. oct 12, 2017 change of review. latest update with ads causes lagging and crashing. going to remove the game, which is too bad. why did you ruin a good game?
hayden polanco : reminds me of the playstation game journey. it's a visual piece to me, not just a game but a for of art, simply put you must experience it. best decription of it is relaxing and peaceful.
michael arias : great game, great gameplay, but the most annoying ads i've ever seen. they place an ad just before you click the "play again" button. which is genius to get the clicks and the revenue money from the ads... but annoying as hell and makes me stop wanting to play the game.
john v : very nice graphics. but what makes this so good is the sort of magical mood it sets while you ski through sunrise and sunsets and rain showers. a nice touch is zen mode let's you ski endlessly with out interruption. this game will be on my phone for a long time. update: lost interest in the game after a while and didn't play for several months, however i kept the game on my phone. when i started playing again recently on my new moto g5 plus i discovered that all of the progress i had made in the game was gone (same google play account on both phones).
ian lawrence : i love this game but recently it's been randomly crashing. not sure what makes it happen but i'm on the higher levels so the challenges are harder and it's frustrating to have to get try for them more than once because i lose my run
johannes schmidt : great game...but i bought add free now i need to restart after one bail. if i use the free version i can watch adds 2 times and keep on playing, which makes challenges easier. please give me back my money and downgrade me back to free version.
christopher allen : the ads ruin this game. the ui seems deliberately designed to be slow / poorly responsive at the end of a run so you naturally press restart several times. then an ad appears, you inadvertently click and you end up on google play. it seems really cynical for a lovely game. the price to remove ads is too high.
martyna truszczynska : after last update app is very annoying, while game app is shutting down, i noticed more lags than in the earlier versions.
tony ip : beautiful stunning graphics... intense gameplay with smooth controls. love how the background changes from day to night and other weather conditions like lightning. would def recommend x
steezmunkey : alto's adventure is an awesome game. but the controls are a little annoying at times. i hate when you can't see rocks because they're in front of something in the background. also flipping is pretty annoying to do.
sinister cin : just you, your lamas, and a endless mountain. just loving the graphics so much, and the controls are simple but tricky. one of the best games i played
william universe : this game is phenomenal, majestic even. even though the concept is simple, the developers turned that simple game into something beautiful. the gameplay is gorgeous, the graphics are stellar. the best part, that contributes to this tremendous game? the music of this game is breath-taking. it puts you into the world with alto's eyes. all in all, on a scale to 1 to 5 i'd pick twenty. thank you to the developers of this game for creating such a fabulous game.
pritam mohanty : a must have minimalistic adventure game for everyone. simple yet beautiful design with awesome gameplay makes it hard to ignore from playing once downloaded from the playstore... so hurry up, go ahead & download this to play.
vandit tomar : i loved this game a lot. but the moment you guys released ads in it. it just took the fun away. come on please remove the ads. it ruins the experience. please guys. i love this game a lot. playing it since a very long time . please remove these ads.
christiana kirov : beautiful graphics, and the sound effects and music make it even better. definitely 5 stars. i can tell a lot of work was put into this game.
luthfie s.a. : one of the best game i've played. i'm not a gamer at all but this game is addictive. could you please add the setting for the night/day. because i prefer to be in the day mode. i love to see the sun. thank you.
a google user : beautiful game, but you'd think with a beautiful game you'd have a good story to go along with it. i, myself, would have loved it if the game had more to it than riding down a slope. also, it's hard to see the rocks at some points in the game. idk maybe it's just me, but i uninstalled the game.
sigurur erlendsson : i love the game, but i'm coming back into the game after not having played it for awhile. i installed the game, logged in on google play and it remembers my profile high score but still wants me to start from scratch on lvl 1, no progress in the workshop and all my stats back at 0... is it posible to have this fixed?
a.r achterberg : one of the, if not, the best game ever. everything about this game is flawless. the music is a wonderful piece of art. easy control, great music, amazing graphics with zooming style and the ability to take pictures while pausing is beyond magnificent. played it at the beginning of the year and still do. and will.
sophia young : simple yet satisfying. the graphics and the music are extremely well done,
and challenges keep it interesting to improve with every run. kudos to you
devs, you did a great job with this one.
kelsey martin : before i go into the issues, i just want to say i love the game itself. i bought and beat it 100% already on ipad and was really excited when it came to android and bought it again. but the android version has some really annoying bugs. whenever i get fast enough to activate the wingsuit, the game freezes for a second, every single time. if i'm in an unlucky spot, it kills me. also, maybe 1 in every 5 games the controls are just completely deactivated. i can't jump or anything and just slide until i die. my only gripes gameplay wise is that the feather is more of a detriment than boon, (can't pick up gold, jumps feel bad) but i don't mind that much. beautiful game, please fix android version. ps: i'm playing it on a google pixel 2 if that helps narrow the issue
jerome zaugg : probably the most beautiful graphics i've seen in a mobile game. a wonderful setting with a calm and relaxing soundtrack. the game is simple yet challenging and it does have a meditative effect.
pravanjan jena : i think it is great for pass time. but not for those who want to entertain themselves by playing games. you know i liked it but i only played it in my pass times only.
aniket mishra : there is bug in game. a huge bug.. i can continue game when ever i crash no need of money or any promotional videos easy continue of game where ever i want... hahahaha a great bug in game.. how this game can get a google play award 2016 with this kind of big mistake with game. apart frm this mistake the game is awsm to play..love the concept
sadeq heydarbakian : i have never seen a game so perfectly thought through by the developers. there is no flaw to mention. it's sheer joy and beauty.
qasim ekbal : i wanted to give 5 stars but i gave 4 coz u should add daily challenges with rewards and other options to for earning rewards.. after playing 15 days this game makes me bore so plzzz add some interesting tasks
fodzy miah : great relaxing game if you just could add few more relaxing music and a few jump moves becasue it gets boring when your playing for 5 -7 minutes and the only thing your doing is jumping so it would be nice to have a few jump moves just to have that variety. but other than that its great
sanjib mishra : absolutely fantastic, the music and the graphics just actually relax you and makes the game more enjoyable. eagerly waiting for the odyssey mode and the second part of the game.
nirosha liyanaarachchi : this is the best game ever. graphics are so beautiful, they attracts me in to it. every level is good and makes it even more harder. this game actually inspire people because of all the calm effects. i love alto's adventure.
matthew hodges : beautiful game. but too many ads and $4.99 to remove them is too steep for a mobile game that is not unique or novel in any way.
a google user : when they introduced this amazing game with a *premium* version and made coin doubler to be purchased. it ruined the feel of the game.
jonathan hauser : this is a fantastic game, and one of the few out there that's actually held my attention for a significant period of time. there are some glitches that are not evident at first, but as you spend more time with the game, you notice more and more. however, these do not significantly affect gameplay. would highly recommend for someone who can't find a good game (this is what you're looking for), even if you don't generally like endless runners.
charlesx13 : wow. the music was fantastic and the animations as well. it is the perfect game. it is an extremely simple game yet it is so captivating. i fell in love with this game immediately. i love how the creators have were able to keep the ads to a minimum. the ads only play when you want to continue your life after you die in the game. overall it is an amazing game !
m o f : they make you watch 15 second commercials every time you crash. it's awful. ruins the fun.
hocus pocus : prime example of a well made game. everything from the sound design, animation, art, mechanics, to challenges and game modes shows the care and thought put into it. highly recommended.
bri h : love the game, hate the crashes. running on honor 9 and crashes consistently making it impossible to complete level 57. paid for too, waste of money.
azel joe : this game is so relieving and relaxing... especially the zen mode... in the regular gameplay the missions can be sometimes frustrating but it fun and challenging.
molly lowe : i love this app and have it for several months, pretty good for a person who is ridiculously hard to please when it comes to playing games. keep up with your amazing game ideas and creative zen. very much appreciated.
max s. : i absolutely enjoy the game. simple and relaxing. but i just noticed something, unless there is a trick i don't know how to do or something, but the character on the icon is flipping the wrong way, if he landed the trick his board would be backwards. just thought i'd point that out! great game!
priyam gupta : was pretty good until i accidentally updated the app and ads started showing. i don't want to pay to remove ads when i was adless before for free
bela zaborszky : i really enjoy the game, it's beautiful and subtle. i did find a few bugs / glitches though. whenever i die and the 'tap to continue' screen pops up i can just hit the multitask button on my phone and immediately go back to the app i'm revived and can just continue playing. also a few days ago i was mid-game and pressed the pause button after which i pressed my phones home button. when i went back to the app there was a pop-up screen that said:"thanks! 500 coins have been added" or something like that, after which i accepted those and experimented with hitting the multitasking button and then returning to the app again, it said the same thing once more. after repeating this for a few times it still worked. i don't really mind that these little bugs are in the game, but they do take away a bit of the challenge. hope this helps!
rawan : this game defines calm, relaxing gameplay. forget the rocky shooting games, come down to this! i "finished" the game, as in, completed all goals and unlocked all snowboarders. my favorite is maya; she's my perfect speed. good work on this game. it deserves more than it has.
infant antony shelton : best addictive game ever played. best ever game with just minimal graphics. hats off to background music and the concept. the climate and day changes really pleasing my heart.
jacob zufall : i'm pretty sure the developers have never actually gone skiing. because every time you aren't touching the ground, you lose all your speed.
diego vargas : a beautiful game. i take issue with the difficulty of avoiding obstacles at high speed, but, aside from that, it's truly very calming and satisfying to play. i look forward to alto's odyssey.
elias mohamad : amazing game, beautiful artistic graphics, relaxing music, doesn't force you to pay real money to enjoy, lots of fun with levels and challenges. one of the best games i've played on android.
aileen ortega : i seriously like the game but i really, really hate that i'm forced to watch a 30 second video every time i lose and want to continue. otherwise, i have to start from the beginning!! that really sucks!! i know all games have ads, but to be forced to watch videos every time is absurd!! i love the game, the music, all of it and the graphics are amazing... you can tell you really put a lot of effort and talent into it!! but the ads... uuugh. i will soon uninstall it. shame, because i really like it, but my dislike of the ads weighs more!
dplusm moss : i'm really annoyed. the game itself is great, gorgeous, but the ads are annoying, so i finally bought the "premium" upgrade to stop watching videos, except instead of just removing the video part of the revival system, they charge coins for it! 3000 coins for a single revive from falling into a chasm and 1500 for a general one that doesn't cover chasms. please don't make the same mistake i did and think premium is better.
alfred : it is a really fun game. i found something out though if you are about to close this app out then return to it, it gives you 500 free coins and thus can be repeated.
a google user : im just too addicted with this game! it's really intriguing and if you fall off a cliff or hit a rock, it's not that hard to revive the player, you just need to watch a fifteen-seconds long video to catch on with your game . and the challenges are awesome! altho sometimes its hard and annoying but overall it's thrilling
a google user : it is beautiful and addictive. i like simplistic controls in games and i like the endless runner part of it. it's fun and i hope i get to play alto's odyssey soon.
beth hubble : not my cup of tea: downhill skiing, skills etc. can't progress until you stop crashing. if i wanted to learn skiing, i'd be out in the snow.
eddie flowers : this game is certainly one of my favorites. i find myself always able to go back to this. however, as of late it keeps crashing on me after only a couple of minutes. if i didn't have to keep restarting it, it would be nice.
matthew zehner : wish i felt the same as all these 5 star reviews. basically, tiny wings with less fun controls. mediocre.
ye qian yeo : this game has to be one of the best games i have played in a long time. besides 2d games like geometry dash, this has to be another one of the best.
lasha nikolaishvili : the game is great but, there are several bugs, sometimes when i go fast or something like that the character stops picking up coins, lamas and power aps. sometimes the character isnt jumping when im trying to jump
alexander marathianakis : i love the game. the only thing that pisses me off is that sometimes my character won't jump even though i tapped and that will keep going for a couple of restarts. it's not a screen problem i checked it, the rest of the game works fine.
mug's trashcan : this is truly a beautiful game, and while it's nothing groundbreaking or especially unique, it's definitely better than most skiing games i've seen. my main issue with it lies in all the little bugs it has. the lag can make the game nearly unplayable at times, and it is constantly crashing. i've even had the game randomly force me down under the world multiple times. also, i accidentally discovered a way to farm coins freely due to the fact that the system of watching ads for money 1.) often doesn't show an ad at all when its button is pressed and instead just freezes the game and 2.) apparently has no limit on how many times the player can push said button. just press the watch an ad for 500 coins button, leave the game without fully closing it (e.g. putting your device on sleep mode for a moment or returning to the home screen with the game still in the recently used tab), return to the game, and you get free coins. this method can also get the player two free revives per run. i've only been shown an actual ad maybe 2 or 3 times in the about a year i've had the game. i have smaller criticisms, but those are my main problems. i still enjoy alto's adventure and have unlocked every character. i understand that a complex game is hard to create without having lag and bugs, particularly if said game is a mobile app. so, i give you 4/5 stars. good luck on your newer projects, guys! edit: i forgot to mention this, but the music can also get a bit repetitive. i mean, i love the song, but... there's only one song. i felt like it was a waste of good musical talent, especially since you could've created a different song for each time of day, or weather, or both. perhaps there could've been a song specifically for when you're in an elder chase. i mean, i didn't find the music repetitive enough to be annoying, but i know some people might. anyway, just wanted to add that.
a google user : a flat-design rip-off of ski safari with the added inconvenience of forcing you to restart the level when you crash, instead of simply letting you recover. beautiful, but boring and cumbersome to play.
wouter sas : cool game. but recently quits automatically. quite frustrating when you're close to reaching a goal. please fix.
pradeep prabhu : had this setting existed in real life. i would sell my house, quit job and ski all day long. calm music and on top of all zen mode. one of the best games on android platform after a very long time.
matt king : so disappointed. this game used to be amazing. it was so calming and tranquil. such a good relaxer. now ads pop up and interrupt the beautiful atmosphere of the game.
4 : this game teach me that there will be obstalces in your life but no matter what you have to rise again and again 'though this is the best game '
selva prakash : simply amazing... nothing to say nd graphics is good and music is also niz nd my fav game ever
josh brookens : great game. i love it. but i found a bug and it's a big deal. if you exit the app without closing the game after you die and switch back to it, you revive again. doesn't matter if there is an option to watch a video or not. edit: issue seems to have been resolved
kevin godi : it's a very relaxing game, and simple. one of the best mobile games graphic i've ever seen. exellent job for the developpers.
ajay singh rana : it's superb the only problem i faced once was incontrols that too a single time rest it is best one i had ever seen. such realistic scenerioic graphics,feels as i was alto or maya.
devin neal : i love this game! the art style is so unique and keeps me addicted to seeing more of this world. however, on the galaxy s8 plus there are giant bezels om each side. only problem i've ever had with this game. love it!
steven schroeder : the game is well put together and really fun. however, ever since i paid the $4.99 i'm no longer able to watch an ad to continue my run. so, basically i paid money to lose game functionality? that doesn't make any sense. please fix it.
rich court : simple but beautiful style, combined with some really well polished game mechanics. one of the best mobile games i've played.
mars bateman : there are no words to explain how much i love this game. i have been playing it for almost a year, since before it had ads. kinda sad that it has ads now but still fun.
digvijay kumar anupam : lost my game progress....! i changed my device and lost all my game progress in the cloud. i have to start from level 1. please check into it. i can see my highest score but cannot recover my data.
gourav kumar : it's a really good game, but it keeps crashing on my lenovo k5 note. it's frustrating to have to complete the same goals again and again.
ellen wilkinson : i like it but when you pick stuff up like the lamma horn it doesn't work, if you fix this it would be a lot better. thank you.
a google user : this would be an easy 5 game if it wasn't so glitchy on my note 8. game play was smooth on the note 5, however, since upgrading to better hardware, the glitches have made it difficult to enjoy.
daryll is here : it's very hard to see at night, there are times that you won't notice the player is not in the right angle when the player is gonna fall when snowboarding at night and fix the control on how to grinding on the rope it's very confusing.
hanniel nefiel : this is the most beautiful game i've ever played, the abience is so beautiful and the graphics are simple but amazing, really worth it to play.
kevin stanlake : this is probably my favourite mobile game out there. it's not a challenging game, instead it is super relaxing gameplay with beautiful graphics and great music. for a free app, this game is incredibly well made and is top notch quality. i would recommend it to anybody.
teran kannangara : one of the best games i have ever played. great graphics . beautiful scenery , good sound effects and calming music. this is a must to play!
dk hassan : this game helped me in dark times sorta, the music calmed me and the gameplay was fun ive done everything in this game all upgrades all characters but i can't wait for alto's next adventure wonder where we'll go then.
alex bartnik : super fun game. can be relaxing in zen mode or going hard for the goals, which get really tough. can play for hours on end.
matthew felice : the game is great! graphics are smooth and pleasing to the eye. gameplay is intuitive. it is an easy app to pick up and play to kill some time.
s.e. sander : this is pure genius. whoever created this game please make more similar to it in the future. the weather and day/night visuals are so peaceful and seren. thanks for this.
asa nafty : i think this game is super pretty and very fun to play. its very addictive and i can't stop playing it.
potatovortex : amazing. an absolutely beautiful game. the weather changing looks nice and really adds to the atmosphere. such a simple game but each level is different. would definitely recommend it.
lizzie d'souza : its a fun game but.. its not for someone like me.. i play alot of mobile games and im used to holding down..and you only hold down when theres and obstacle or a slope..and also the rocks are camoflaging and i can only really see it when i take a good look. but i dont have time for that or i will so maybe its just because im playing in the evening and its dark at night and bright at day. but i will have to see tommorow! (if your a normal person seeing the reviews. pretend that you dont see this review.)
renee zirk : loved it, until you decided to start using adds. ruined the whole environment the game created.
james scott : great game overall. i gave only three stars for gameplay because the app now quits while i'm playing.
mo rafizadeh : its good graphic and gameplay but its to short now im in level 51 and no more character to unlock. but thanks for few character
clint thompson : game keeps crashing!!! otherwise, great game to pass time. doesn't take up too much of your attention and allows you to pause in the middle of levels. of they would stop it from crashing all the time, i'd give it 5 stars.
a google user : i really like this game because it's fun and i didn't hear about it before and then my friend told me about it and now it's my favorite game.
isak mani : there is a big bug, sometimes you cant jump but its not beacous of my device (i can still pause and play). its really annoying please fix this
leannan sylvana : lame. there are way better versions of this kind of game out there. also... the top of the review list are obviously propaganda ratings, y'all need to get better at giving yourself fake reviews. lol
mi ke : on the note 8. its a good game. keeps crashing in the middle of the game so 2 stars. will update to 5 after they patch this issue.
jonathan : also, the game does not even sync game data in the cloud. had to reinstall the game because of constant crashing near the end of the game, that suck big time
joren k. : beautiful game but extremely boring, you can literally do nothing for an entire minute and it doesn't matter. would not recommend.
alexandre kernbaum : you guys should think that kids are using it , soft porn video is wrong on the video watch button. think about asking the age of those who play the game i am with my kid and i usually put kid age on the registration to avoid those issues.
emily isn't a pedophile : if i could rate 7 stars or more, i would. the graphics and the game in total is smooth. it's very adictive and fun.
a google user : i love the look/design of this game and the gameplay itself, but it keeps cutting off in the middle of a game which is very frustrating. otherwise it is awesome though i wish that could be fixed.
suhail khan : awesome game. love it. i do hope the devs can add more control to the jumps and backflip such as flipping in the other direction to prevent a failed backflip
bec khan : great game!!! my only problem with it was that the starting music is the same each time - i often died, so grew to quickly associate that music with failure - and that there aren't enough goals! (i recently completed the last one :)) if you are thinking of new characters, you could perhaps have one that was very fast but difficult to control?
a b : doesn't register taps on my tablet. it looks great and the soundtrack is awesome, but it doesn't play nicely with my samsung tab s2.
chris kessell : good game, but sometimes the ads break it. occasionally after displaying an ad the jump touch control no longer works; you can still touch the menu controls etc., but touching the screen to make alto jump has no effect! obviously this makes the game impossible.
a google user : i love this game is the best mobile game ever , becaus the gameplay and the graphics it's so cool like we are playing as a kid but it looks like a ninja (for me).if somewon dont like this game they are weird.
joy dutta : it lags and suddenly crashes when i get wingsuit. please fix this bug, my device google nexus 5.
ohhello : this is honestly one of the best mobile games out there in my opinion. worth the 5 stars! the goals are hard but not impossible and the characters are unique and interesting to play around with. the music and sound is great and the game looks flawless. i just unlocked the last character and the game still feels fresh and new. i definitely recommend.
eyal margalit : the game contain ads for russian brides and assortment of other very not kids friendly. whatever service they are using, they have no moral whatsoever.
bowlerballer : this is the best game i've ever played on mobile, hands down, and the best endless runner game i've ever played. i would honestly pay to play this game, it's so good. the graphics and art style are incredible. the gameplay is exhilarating and after doing a great combo i feel a sense of euphoria that i've only ever experienced in real snowsports. thank you to everyone who made this game possible.
rick hustwick : stop crashing... this game is so full of bugs it's just beyond annoying. every time you get into a decent run, it'll just stop. black screen and any progress you've made is lost.
a google user : this game is wonderful. i like it. but after you learn how to play, it gets boring.
smokey mccrackin : one of the best mobile games i have played it has a simple concept but is fun. edit: took a star off as it has started crashing during runs lately after playing perfectly for a month.
madison canezaro : great graphics, great gameplay, great game overall. i've loved this game since 2014 and i don't think i'll ever get tired of it. good job.
richard lowcock : fantastic game, i don't usually have the patience for endless runner games but this does it so elegantly that it becomes actually relaxing instead of simply frustrating. easily one of the best android games available.
vikrant d : just a minor bug, my oneplusx keeps crashing after a few minutes of playing this game.. especially if i pick up a hover feather.. can you guys just look into this.. cheers!
soumyabrata das : it's amazing, beautiful and eye-catching art .love this type of art style in this game ,there is a small bug after exiting the game the music still playing in the background.. by so far love this game. wish you guys should make a game with story ,then it will be great masterpiece.
robert cosper : altos adventure is a great game, one of the best games you could ever play.
i love playing this game but for me there's one problem, there's not that
many upgrades and it gets a little dull after a while but still a great
game.
bijay pokharel : its a good game but when u learn to earn coins for free... it becomes boring
wellheytherepal : everything about alto's adventure is beautiful! it's super calming to play and the music and art style is awesome. i'd totally recommend it to anyone.
shayne dudley : visually impressive. gameplay not so much. some chasms are impossible to jump, rocks are difficult to see, progression is dependent on item drops (that sucks). good game for playing once then uninstalling.
peter kim : this game is great and all, but the game lags every time i pick up an item.
darrell twisselman : one of the best games i have ever seen. with two types of gameplay, it is very addicting and a game you should get.
liam delaney : when i tap i don't jump which, as you probably know is extremely frustrating with these games where reflexes and time are key. other than that annoyance is a good game.
a google user : has really great potential, but lack of gameplay is beyond frustrating. played a lot but am deleting because there's no real purpose to continue given this.
rubayet adbir : i love this game.it has awesome graphics,and it has immersive audio quality not like too huge sound.so i will give 5/5 rating.
sandeep ranjan : quite simply one of the best games i've played in some time. i don't play much game but this one is just addictive. brilliant!!
vivekk upadhyay : simple and beautiful visuals. with nice background music, the gameplay is really good. controls are easy, so you can go for the tricks. one should try this game with headphones on as it really has good music and visual are amazing.
a google user : i love this game its so chilled but my favorite part of the game is the zen mode and i can't wait for alto's odyssey
a google user : i love this game not only for the gameplay but also the music. i am not a fan of bumpy plane ride, so i just put my headphones in and put this on at it really relaxed me. thanks also the soundtrack is on spotify
jesus christ : i love the game but i think it is a bit to dark and my brightness is all the way up. could you please make an update which makes it brighter and if you do i will download it again.
kenneth chiu : it's really simple... sometimes though i think the characters are too imbalanced in other skills they are not specialized at.
tamanna gogia : this game is so engaging and so simple. anyone who's looking for something addictive but without the hassle of complicated controls should definitely install the chase engager!
robin hallie : i like it, but as i gained levels the upgrades like the wingsuit were super hard to control. then when i would get really far in a single run, the game would suddenly crash and i would lose the whole run along with any coins or achievements i received.
pratyesh somani : dear alto team, it's really good game. but here is my suggestion for the chance of improvement. try to add an access of illuminance sensor of a mobile device when game played in day light, and according to lux accessed by sensor, alto's background theme must vary from morning to night. this will enable player to play the game very well in day time, as well as in the night.
ben eastwood : until the last update it was a brilliant game. since the update it has annoying glitchy moments where momentum becomes stuttery. most annoying though the game has cut out several times and all progress for that game's lost. please sort it out soon noodlecake!
frank frankii : the game is great. i think there is a bug. i just bought the wingsuit and the scarf is loaded full the game lags
astandardskrub : an fun and relaxing game that is just beautiful and jaw dropping. this game proves to many people that games are art and should be respected in the world.
tooman bangsakao : well i myself found a solution to stop the crash issue by uncheck the "haptic feedback" option on settings. however it still crashes, but not as often as it used to be. hope it could help
shanmukh palanki : i love it its great. newly added zen mode is great. but it's better with same music as the normal game. if you would add same music as that of normal game to zen mode it would be great. the game is like a magical world. waiting for the odyssey.
lesson learner : cool, calming, easy game to get into without harsh sounds people call ads, annoying and intruding. great game.
nom deplume : thank you for zen mode. i'm not very good at this kind of thing so i welcome the opportunity to to practice without "dying" and maybe i will get good enough to play regular mode. pretty graphics.
nienke-02 : i really like that alto's scarf looks very much like a gryffindor scarf and the flags are in the colours of all the hogwarts houses (red, yellow, green, and blue).
yaswanth ram : this game could easily be called a peacemaker..the zen mode is the reason..to just go endlessly without any sense of urgency is truly peaceful..
angelin kurian : guys there's a glitch i noticed like say for instance if you're out all you have to do click the watch ad tab repeatedly and the game continues without even having to see the ad
louis huppe : love the game, simple and fun. ads aren't too annoying which is nice. the game crashes a bit often though on my lg g5.
j : great time passer. too peaceful to even get mad at if you fall.
s chay : loved it more new graphics and new theme song,levels are expecting from you people ..we are waiting..please go ahead
chris ward-morris : great game, latest update the touch to jump seems to have stopped working. game now unplayable but could be something on my end (s8+)
dustin brown : gorgeous visuals. an all round cathartic experience, virtually free of frustrations and annoyances.
silver goofy : this is everything i want from a mobile game. it's simple to play; its
visuals are clean and beautiful and the music gives you a sense of
escapism. it's mindless fun, and my favourite game right now.
md mehran rahman : this game is amazing it works so well with my low end budget devices and the graphics and fps can keep up.
sophia : beautiful graphics, there are different types of goals and different sceneries. zen mode is relaxing and excellent for times when you just want to ski endlessly with no feeling of dissapointment when you hit an obstacle.
victor aguiar : controls are great, the game itself is beyond amazing. you can zone out and relax yourself. use headphones
madi russell : i was a addicted to it, playing endless mountain was calming and soothing, i loved trying to achieve goals, i finished the game within a matter of weeks, i just hope that there could be more goals to do in later updates.
divyanshu ranjan : i really love this game at starting i think it's boring but this game have many modes which can u play specially zen mode
a google user : the game is a delightful experience graphics are beautiful, gameplays fun if i could rate it using 1/10 i would give it 11/10 it's that good of a game.
sasha shackelford : once changing charachters it gets confusing overall only one big glitch with the campfire, sometimes it will just give you a speedy boost in stead of killing you.
ty follis : careful on mobile data! the ads really suck up data if you're not careful.
jordan young : fun game. good time killer. sound track is amazing and the controls are simple. can't ask for anything better.
a google user : just to say, it's very annoying and even stupid, to show adverts and interrupt game, when someone plays and very bad rotate scr ...blah
aaron vasica-rohrlach : i bought the premium thing to stop the adds & now i can no longer continue a run by either paying or watching a video which just sucks. fix this & i5 will be 5 stars.
kokums : there are bugs with the hover feather does not let alto hover. he just turns blue instead. items will not be picked up while boosting or at quickened pace.
bianca ochsner : it reminds me of the movie mulan. alto goes kind da slow please fix that
brian ertley : now that there are forced ads i can't say i.have the same feelings i used to. they really take away from the experience.
koustubhi : it's just amazing,the only thing is like sometimes you jump and you can't collect coins because of the large span of the jump you miss the coins. other than that... you know what just get it and love it and play it.
mihai s : has a glitch when tried to revive by spending coins. not just once and over the same cliff. just froze and all my progress was gone. otherwise it is a very nice game, very simple to play and relaxing.
keith panick : i love this game. i come back to it time and time again. however i am giving it 3 stars because i purchased this game a couple of years ago and now i am getting ads!?
a google user : game is absolutely unplayable now after most recent update. stutters, laggy touch response, super slow loading. ruined one of my favorite games.
roland jones : the game is simple, but beautiful! the music and graphics are perfect, and the gameplay is simple (in a good way) ive zoned out to this game, so many times because of the music.. lol
dakota crozier : this game is worthy of all the 5 star reviews. some moments gave me chills like the thunder sound effects. i would recommend it to anyone.
a google user : ultimately, this is a great game, but the last couple of updates have broken some aspects of the game. this tells me they do not test their product before throwing it out there.
rohan koshy : one of the best free mobile games out there. the simple user-friendly interface offers so much and guarantees an immersive in-game experience that will have you playing for hours at a stretch. everything is perfect: from the music to the graphics to the controls to the photo mode. all-in-all, a must download for all those who love endless runners.
a google user : it's just amazing the gameplay is simple but addictive the controls are easy to master and the graphics look amazing what's better is they don't encourage you to buy things it's all for fun 5/5 must get
bolt - : simple gameplay, stunning graphics, and calming music. i have spent my time playing zen mode more frequently than the standard mode simply because of the music.
tommy dong : alto is a calming and fun game that is relaxing you even though you should be excited to stare at such a visual masterpiece. i love how the time of day changes and the zen mode. they really make this a stress reliever.
dj zephyr : once one of the best games on mobile. now wastes cell data to pop up ads as you try to click thru menus.
thomas miller : changing to 5 stars, ended up purchasing. very addictive game. only trouble is the wingsuit seemed to stop working properly, not sure if it was due to an update or what.
david rennie : very easy game and definitely worth trying. there's no joining a group or clan or going to battle every 5 minutes. it's simple and fun and very highly recommend giving it a try.
d0m1n4t1ng : game interface and challenges are amazing. but it's too much headache.. my bad that i am not able to play this game. :(
ratnajit kalita : this is one of my favorite game.. no more space needed but the the is just fabulous.. easy control natural graphics. awesome music. just mind blowing
greg hornby : terrain generation is too random and not fair. it's impossible to tell if you're to make a flip when suddenly the terrain can curve upwards without warning, so landing tricks is completely luck based
a google user : very atmospheric. day night cycle adds variety. different physical properties of characters. challenges that push you gently to improve play.
mongve bey : i never write reviews but this game is so peaceful and soothing that i could not help but write a review. i cannot express it in words you just need to download to understand how good the game is, that's all.
dallas : the ad for (angry birds) in which a bird throws a minion into a wood-chipper must be removed. this is very inappropriate for younger or discerning audiences. i will be deleting the app.
theodore fong : most recent update has caused random crashes. i've lost challenge progress several times and now find it unplayable.
rico solomon : gorgeous to the eyes, sublime to pass time. has a game incorporated changing weather, chasing llamas and cruising over chasms? never like this! love the physics aspect of the various riders. ps only when i found the flightsuit did i truly appreciate this games beauty.
a google user : would be better if the pause button was in bottom right because i tap on the left side of the screen (to keep the right side unobstructed by my finger) and often i tap pause accidentally.
xj-pa : add more thing to buy with the coins please. more power-ups and more round the map
varun malani : bug report: after sliding on the ice, any coins that appear immediately after are not collected. fix this and 5 stars!
jay rangi : one of the best game(if not the best) i have ever played. more than a game it's an experience.hats off to the developers for doing an amazing job.this game literally blew me away.
yahboi higgy : great time killer. buying it ($5) removes a "continue run" feature, which makes certain challenges way harder than otherwise. a 30 second ad vs starting back at square one every. single. time... i kinda want my $5 back, especially since i also paid for a snazzy scarf that i don't regret (as much).
jeremy heiner : in sports, soccer (football for purists) is known as "the beautiful game". in mobile alto's adventure is certainly the beautiful game. great graphics and challenging yet approachable, this is hands down my favorite.
nathaniel davies : have never felt the need to review a game before on this store, but wanted to support the devs by leaving a quick 5/5 for this one. best game i have ever played on mobile, near perfection. brilliant addictive "just one more go" game play, gorgeous art style and lovely relaxing music. well done!
apurva singh choudhary_78 : this game is just awesome. my favorite game of all time. the best thing about this game is it's background music it just touches my heart.
osama ahmad : i have played a number of games but this one "alto's adventure" has something special. it always attract me whenever i feel bore.
joe romano : with top notch graphics and smooth controls this game is worth getting. all the characters are unique and have different abilities that help you in different ways (my favorite characters are maya and phillipe) you won't get tired of this game it's challenging yet simple. in short this is one of the most amazing mobile phone games i have ever experienced, and i can't wait for altos oddssey.
mrpubby : i love all about this, the beautiful graphics and soundtrack that adds to the ambiance, the minimalist design and the seemingly small details (the rain and storms, the time slowly passing by throughtout each gameplay) it's all amazing and always makes me come back to it
chris nangle : bordered on art, then ads came. it breaks the immersion, shame you decided to go this route to make money from it instead of adding pay content.
seyed hosseini : amazing art style, a lot of detail was put into this game. from the subtle shadow on the ground when alto jumps to the small animations in the birds that fly away to the sun rise and setting. this game has great game mechanics and design as well as the better implementation of ads. can recommend to anyone.
karolina de jesus : this game is highly addictive and fun to play. it has great graphics and a wonderful story behind it. would definitely recommend
travis ormsby : really want to like this game, but it is incredibly unstable. crashes to home screen every single play through
aurorax7 : there's no flaws its a perfect game i mean i guess you can change up the story and also make more obstacles but duuuude this is literally the most beautiful game i have ever seen laid my hands on and played and its addicting felt like i had tears rolling down my eyes and the music is amazing its great done :d
subhankar biswas : wonderful game...you get relaxed after majestic music within the game gives... thanks developer for putting such a masterpiece in the play store
juliana rodriguez : wish i could have a player perspective too. what i mean by that is that it would be cool to also see through alto's eyes , not just our view of alto riding the board on the landscape .
f1superdelta83 : hated it when ever i tried to jump it doesn't jump so i keeped on dying on the first rock do not download
randy craig : it not what you think, i had to let you know it not linear and can only backflip, opps waste of time play...
yash dindoyal : its a really good game and ive been really enjoying it but if we had an online feature with leaderboard and compete with other players..that would have been better
mt hacks : earned it,its more than just a game,its an entire world on itself that makes u forget about other things in ur life and just chill with the beutiful melody of alto's adventure
james hall : nice game but too repetitive. iv enjoyed it thoroughly but bored now so time to delete and find something else. well done development team lovely game.
a google user : used to be a great game, super addictive, great game play. that's all still true, but the amount of advertisement and the choice of ads is just super irritating. that's not worth 5+ dollars, or at least i feel i'm extorted to paying it. uninstalling.
t p f : great game but after i upgraded my phone i lost my purchases. i sent an email to the developer and never even got a response.
jonathan w : amazing visuals and sounds, very fluid gameplay, difficult yet fun challenges to unlock the next characters, and an all around incredible game.
ben wareham : this is an amazing game, i thought it would be bad since you catch llamas but it turns out to be a beautifully made game with a nice sound track. it deserves 5 stars
alondra soto : beat the entire game (250,000 pt one was tough) reset the game. beat it again. now i dont know what to do with my life.
a google user : i played this before and i so adore it i love to beat my score on this fantastic game. i also can't wait to play this again for the last time played it my phone screen broke and i could not play it.
lemmy silverlance : one of the best free games i've played so far. the graphics are simple, the music- great. makes you feel at peace.
folarin obikoya : from:my son the game is very soothing and relaxing and i like that you can change your character if you're level 11also one suggestion please make some challenges to the game besides the level challenges.thank you for making the game! =d =3
the_laptop gamer : one of the best games i have ever played on my android device. thanks a lot devs for such a good game.
lkn surfco : great game, had a lot of fun. now that i have the wingsuit it crashes during gameplay. needs to be addressed stat
aron simpson : i like this game, but i liked it a lot more back when the ads were optional rather than forced on you to encourage you to pay for the premium version.
kareem taha : a stunning departure from loud and brazen games where you're meant to fight to the death. gorgeous graphics and a wonderful sound track all add to the appeal. definitely a keeper.
claire roberts : would be a 5 star but it sometimes freezes after a crash. otherwise i love everything else about the game graphics music gameplay everything!
a google user : simple, just what i wanted. bit of trouble tapping at end of run. great game.
mike smith ii : game requirements are way too high to run on my mid range tablet, usually get a run or two in then it's lag city, which seems unusual for a game with such simple graphics.
prince abel : chill and relaxing game, i've been playing for years so that just tells you
this game is bomb!! currently patiently waiting for odyssey
ramit chattopadhyay : very nice game, but there is a very very big bug , sometimes you can't jump over the rocks and this is why i get frustrated every time this happens. liked this awesome game so much but had to uninstall just because of the bug. so instead of 5 stars i give you 4. please fix the bug very soon. overall a mixed experience playing it.
sean oh : i would love it if you could toggle rocks/fires and chasms in zen mode
king star gaming : great graphics, challenging and i don't feel bore whenever i play this game and i feel relax by playing this thanks noodlecake studios inc for this game
rahul walke : i m not see such line of beautifull game ever in google play...lovely view nd peacefully sound
jaeger rokey : amazing, this is a game you can get lost in if you have a few spare hours, i know i have.
hingle mccringleberry : overall basic game nothing special, the third unlockable character completely kills the game.
justas farr : this game doesn't feel 'manufactured'. it is calming, pure, dreamy and so relaxing. i would highly recommend this game to anyone. i have never experienced a game like this ever before.
ariel guerrero : when ever i purchased the wingsuit it does not appear on my screen, please don't make me waste my coins
a google user : don't pay to upgrade! it's a great free game but premium removes the ability to revive for free and you get nothing in return except removing the occasional ad. waste of money.
vaibhav kathale : best game of android i had ever played. . it gives you relaxation and peaceful experience. the music will make you so divine.
d p : 4 because it's still missing something like a new sean or a levol are characters/boards
e bitty : i've played this game endlessly without boredom. i have unlocked all the characters and made incredible trick combos up to 20k. (maya is op) on top of that, the game is beautiful and so fun to play. and it really let's you push it to its limits.
daniel tennant : good game, great music and look, fun and relaxing to play to that stood thing on a horse chases you, kinds meh after that.
a google user : a beautiful and detailed game, it was a pleasure paying this game, i finished it and kept coming back for more, well done.
zer0 : overall it's a great game but there are times when i'm playing and tapping the screen doesn't make the avatar jump,if this could get fixed i'd play a lot more.
romen p : this my one of the favourite games ! thank you noodlecake studios inc for creating this game! i am enjoying this game so much that i can't tell you the back ground dound the zen mode i'm enjoying it hope you will create much like of this game i'm waiting.
chris waldron : i don't get it, when you buy premium any chance to revive yourself disappears. that doesn't make sense.
dan c : i have marked my 5 stars down to 3 because this has become a freemium game. the adverts are quite invasive and hard to shut down, what a shame.
mahmoud elmashad : this game is totally got everything right.. the music is so fascinating it gets me in the mood.. control is simple yet game is challenging.. i love it keep up the good work
ethan sutton : finally a zen mode that is actually zen, i love the graphics, and just the overall game. soooo good, do yourself a favour and download it!!
ellie louise-smith : the best free game out there. this game is so simple and the background music is amazingly relaxing. its a great time killer especially if your nervous or stressed. highly recommend it :)
cody woods : loved the zen mode, very calming. the only thing i would change is to add an option to front flip.
charlie : the game is extremely fun to play the graphics are stunning , the music is great , and i can't wait most of all , alto's oddessey!
lily : this is the best thing ever. the developers are clearly more focused on enjoyment than making a profit. it is my favorite!
kosforconcern : beautiful atmosphere and background, very easy to play, not so easy to put down. great game!
stella le : 5 points for playstyle and atmosphere, -4 points for obnoxious unavoidable ads that trigger terrible lag, thus making the game borderline unplayable for a good few minutes, and completely ruin the mood.
bravo echo : i have been playing alto for awhile and loved it. but recently, i have been seeing ads and that is really annoying. truly it's a good game, but not one to pay money for.
michael dias : love this game. like the way you find out the rules add you go. think i found a bug. when you complete a goal it does not count unless you land your current combo. i understand you should not score the combo but the goal is complete
annie jones : too best game with marvellous sound track too original rainfall & thunder. but in the update the stars are not looking good.
allan alonso : i paid for the premium version and now i don't have the ability to continue after hitting a rock or something. it's literally better to not pay so you can have revives, now i don't have revives
tim hushchyn : the game is really great, very zen overall. the music is just great for the game, exquisite. however does anyone else see that this game consumes a majority of their data. seems a bit much tbh like 1gb in a week.
scaryislive : best game but one thing is sometimes he didn't jump.
jatin karnik : do a high score the game closes automatically play for 2 days the game shuts down automatically... whatevers wrong with it makes me soooooo damn angry!!!!
kingxx kd : well let me tell u that sound or runtime in the back round is sad but happy like it's telling a story
darrel corera : wonderful game to pass away the time, only niggle i found was the sudden crashes in the middle of the run ruining any achievement or goals that u may have completed.
havard dalgrav : great game with beautiful graphics. unfortunately a lot of updates introducing ads, annoying bugs and random game crashes lately and no additions to gameplay. a shame
craig sinclair : become one of my top three games on my s8 fluid and the music helps relaxes me. update for new backgrounds please.
dick christiaens : i think it's great and i place it at the store and i just got my new tablets today and got it right away
damien g : funny game but you can't get rid of the (annoying) night mode, ridiculous upgrade/shop, too much ads (5$ for this game is a rip off). please stop netting and start coding, it could be a greater game ! [update] need multuplayer mode !
david lovejoy : beautiful graphics and simple, well designed, and addictive gameplay. the best kind of freeware that encourages you to pay full price, but not in an obnoxious way. very classy game
gabriel daughton : a great game, really peaceful, i find it helps to calm you down when you are stressed or angry at something or someone... but it would be cool if they added a shop or something to customize the llamas or alto. thank you for this game dev's!!!
james bun : i love this game! its amazing nothing else to say its really fun, great time killer. nothing bad to say definitely worth the download.
chris vittorio : absolutely phenomenal! graphics, music and sound effects are stunning. so simple but so well done. instant favorite.
jeff : i truly love how simple this game is, great graphics, great controls and great concept, but its lacking in rewards when you rank up, maybe just add a few more unlock able characters and power-ups, can't wait for alto's odyssey! 5/5
dylan knoll : beautiful game. not full of stupid pop-ups and micro transaction offers
munna rahman : nice time killer game .but it would be better if there were more things to do in the game .
jason harry : i loved the graphics in the background, but the game felt kinda boring. good game though
promise james : the only problem that i have is that the hover feather does not work most of the time.
adam : getting really sick and tired of the freezing glitch when you do enough tricks to earn the glider. it freezes for half a second and causes me to crash almost every time. please fix this!
kokelan nesarajah : very good game, simple controls, one problem is that i bought this game, yet they're asking me to pay again for no ads...
yunus emre muhaddisoglu : i am not in to gaming but this one is really relaxing and fun. i love the zen mode.
a google user : amazing game, kills time, easy to control, very fun, and cool graphics, there's really nothing bad to say its probably one of, or the best mobile game's ever, i'm suprised it doesn't cost a single penny.
1_isare, jordan gabriel : just beautiful... i love the graphics, and the soundtracks. truly beautiful and relaxing. thank you so much noodlecake studios for a such beautiful game...
s k : this is one of the best game i'd ever came across. i am facing little problem, when i watch advertisement then sometimes the game screen just blurrs and it just freeze. otherwise marvellous game.
adam rumsey : this game has so much charm. i do highly recommend it. it's graphics are so gorgeous it's hard to believe this is a mobile game.
brayden wagner : this game is amazing. the game's graphics are stunning and probably one of the best mobile games out there.
james kenny : possibly the most beautiful mobile game i have ever played, in every aspect. design, gameplay, graphics, sound are all top notch. and it ruins absolutely flawlessly on my s7. looking forward to the next adventure!
xen : great game. mainly the weather change effects are awesome. but it so like ski safari. i don't know which one come first but they are so alike.
xin yue : amazing game, fun, simple, its one of my favorite games. it doesn't matter if your on top games or not, as long al people live it. and try to make a atlo 2? or maybe add some updates to the game. it doesn't matter, as long if its still fun.
ankit kashyap : i am totally in love with this game, especially the zen mode, its like going to a different level. amazing just amazing. lots of love.
georgina melia : amazing graphics, highly addictive yet also really calming due to the changing weather and time. love it so much!
constantine gosteev : can't imagine more relaxing game after hard working day.
d. p. : one of the best games on the google play store! it has tight controls, beautiful graphics accompanied by music that's as beautiful and almost no ads.
ruth : this game is a great time killer and whenever i am bored alto's the cure this game is epic.
g : is there any way you could lower the price? it's a great game and i want to purchase it but i don't want to pay 5. 2 would be fine. update: there is a bug where the software buttons still show after an advert.
hydra _47 : the only problem is that sometimes when you tap they don't jump
anshul kumar : nice one but how do i get the refund for upgrade purchase which i did by mistake.
damo miles : good gameplay, could do with a couple more perks like head starts and perhaps longer boost time but other than that its a great game
g q : there's an issue where if you pause and exit the screen for whatever reason, when you come back in all texts would have disappeared, including the "resume" button. and this can only be remedied by closing and restarting the game. please fix! cheers
a google user : this game is just a rip off of ski safari. the only difference is that ski safari is a lot more fun to play!
kyrius liaison : this is what a runner should be: unique idea, really well executed, with a smooth challenge curve and great aesthetics at every level. well done!
a google user : it was crappy, honestly i would rather play a game where kim jong un sleeps than having to play * coff* this crappy game... -stinknugget04. btw that's my friends youtube channel look him up please thanks dawg
nix timoshenko : game is awesome, but crushes regularly since i have updated it! please pay attention!
minus logic : okay the game is amazing, except it crashed very often and i lose entire runs to this glitch.
luqman nur bari : just reached level 60 after all this time. lol. 10/10 would clear data and start over again. addictive.
a google user : i didn't expect it to be this good. the eargasmic bgm owes a lot of credit.
a google user : not so many words with me to say but the game is great if i would inspect this game i would have been given it a noble prize. just hats off to you guys
a google user : very nice - the goals and characters add an element of progress which sets it apart from other endless runners, and make it stand up to repeated playing. well done! ps: how do you "proximity wingsuit fly"? :)
thesubatomicplatypus : awesome game. its a shame it has ads, unlike the ios version.
todd leach : what's with the lag in the game? i've lost so many times because of it. and what's with the character not flipping when he/she jumps. my phone is brand new so i know it's not my phone. i realize the developers will never respond because they don't care as long as they are making profits.
f.p.s british : i love this game and i have from the first day that i bought this game it is the best game for car rides or just if you're really bored.
kate taylor : thank you to be honest just thank you i am a child at school and i get bullied,punched and kiced and i have had some really dark thoughts and your game has changed that just the music the backgrounds and every thing thank you.
amanda miranda : super nice game quite easy and tough at the same time to pass levels....really needs alot of focus...awesome graphics
ian simonovski : the game is soo beautifull made sad becaus its so beautifull. :)
lawrence maboreke : there is a delay between pressing down on the screen and alto jumping and this really ruins the gameplay.
arvind kamath : going good till sometime , then in wingsuit level wingsuit never appears how much you try , crappy game
robby donaldson : please add alto's odyessey to andriod. i am an avid alto fan but i have a samsung phone and cannot play the newly released game! i want the new game badly. please and thank you.
stef b : i really like the day-night cycle but the rocks are hard to spot at night
a google user : fun game, really relaxing (unless you're trying to land a triple back flip) one of the best games i've played
a google user : this game is very active for me it this controls it's awesome but bye mistake i dislike it
sic rob : good time waster , just wish you could do more tricks overall good game
beavis5706 : i don't get it. the free version allows me to continue my run by watching videos. i pay to remove the ads and now i can't continue my run at all! it was better free, at least i could continue. what a gyp.
em joh : i used to love this game but now it crashes and closes after 30 seconds of play... :/ i'd pay for the upgrade but i don't think that would fix it.
rahul mishra : most beautiful and relaxing game i've ever played. the music is so relaxing and beautiful. the piano makes me feel blessed.
piotr wilus : brilliant game ! not too many adverts even if some they are easy to skip.
andres t : the game is great but i feel like they should have an option where you can choose the time of day because sometimes it's really hard to see when the background is dark or night time in the game.
shubham gupta : probably the most beautiful game i have ever played in my life. one of my favourite games of all..
justin fletcher : such a flippin epic game! great and relaxing to get lost in - it's borderline therapeutic. the music is fantastic. look forward to each time i get to play in this wonderful world of aldo!
denscyver braddy : great backgrounds and easy controls but the character is too small.when there's an obstacle i can barely evade it.
jake smith : game force closes most of the time i activate wing suit which is very frustrating.
stuart carr : i have had this game and i looved it i am coming back to what they have change if you do another update i will get it 5 stars. i am back but it wont play this time please fix i want to play this game again it is sooo fun!
brian s. : loved this game wish it was still add free for free. but its just a simple relaxing game you can really enjoy.
faizal azly : the background sound very nice,you can listen to it when you feel your alone,cut off from this cruel world
humera : i love it. the graphics, music, gameplay. everything. i personally enjoy the zen mode, as it is endless, and the music is very soothing. i recommend this, and i also suggest wearing headphones.
gian gabriel ybesate : the graphics and gameplay is amazing! i wish you would add northern lights (aurora borealis) rarely during night times to make the game more beautiful.
dazura 92 : brilliantly simplistic. on my 3rd playthrough and i'm still not board
learner 2016 : this is one the best game i have played ever. keep creating such games and entertain the people.
a google user : it is terrible because it keeps on glitching when i am playing. it is actually alright after all
ofure omere-kessi : i think this is the best game i've ever played: it's beautiful, it's fun, you don't get bored because of the missions and characters and you never get annoyed at the game it's just pleasant to play
ta-seen islam : such a simple game with amazing graphics. i'm always mesmerised as i play this game! and i especially love the zen mode that's included in the game - it's so peaceful! i recommended the zen mode when you're on a long trip! i'm just so addicted to the game itself that i find myself hours on this!
david branda : i really like the game, but it recently started crashing all the time.
shane & andrea smith : it was pretty annoying because it went totally dark at times, it was very hard to see!
emily jane : this game is soooo relaxing. the music is very soothing. these types of endless run games are so fun.
meepmeep : love the game! it's challenging and relaxing at the same time. also i really love the zen mode, with soothing soundtrack and the chance to watch the snowboarder fall with a little dramatic pause yet picking themselves up again and again. nice game!
willliam caibaiosai : the game is pretty fun. however i noticed when i locked my phone as the game over screen was up, the game would continue from where i had lost when i unlocked my phone. i tried to repeat this and it happens almost everytime.
orion : i love the design. beatiful colors and high quality everything. thank you for lettibg it be free. :d
osamah anjum : the game is fun to play however, the worst is the cappy "zen mode". rather than have a calm game, there's obstacles everywhere which cause zen mode to be played like normal mode.
mikhwan 256 : this is the first game in my life which has flat and clean user interface. the blurry effects is also awesome!!!
viduravi athulathmudali : love this masterpiece. but the watch video option after crashing never works.
rayann jaffe : i remember playing this for hours with my brother when i was younger i love this game its so much fun
a google user : great game! real hard for "oldies" who lack reflexes would be much better without ads and repeated shopping...
jinx : the soundtrack,ugh its so surreal,and its coming from an indie game company! great work noodlecake studios,great work
jes gam : i love this game. absolutely beautiful thank u. the change of scenery is amazing. n i love the zen mode relaxes me.
leyi you : love this game, though the only flaw is that rocks come randomly, and it's hard to process.
luke dell : the music ruins the entire game, just one soundtrack. and it's just looping over and over, it's bad. change it or add new music.
vul : honestly this is one of the few games i kept on my switch from ios to android and i don't regret getting it again
mohame tharik : nice when i got tension suddenly i play this after i get satisfaction lovely game and amazing experience
gourav bhakat : great game but has started to crash on my phone after recent update.
toilet paper : stunning graphics, fun objectives, and beautiful design. probably on my favourite 2 platformers. the first one is ninja arashi. this one is more relaxing. definitely a 5/5.
madeline kerry : i love this game. but sometimes it just cuts off...at very inopportune moments.
a google user : the greatest game ever since clash royale! feels like i am in the game!
ghazanfar ajaz : loving it but at 50th level it's crashing very often. please fix
arriane dominique reyes : i love alto's adventure! i really like the graphics and realistic sound effects! playing this relaxes me.
i gede krisna dewantara : a good timekiller game, the music also relaxing. please fix this, automatically exit the game while using wingsuit
l s : just an ask around wholesome game. easy to master after awhile
dustin wood : cool game, i wish there were more features for speed and faster ways to level up.
stephadipz : its so boss but just on e problem the player is so small but its still good
jeff lush : the game is awesome! i love playing it. that's why i got rid of ads.. but the game kinda punishes you for not having ads.. you now have to buy saves... that you can only use once.. and have to buy again.. and they aren't necessarily cheap.. wish that would change..
jaimer silvestre : its good but there is some bugs when getting a power ups, somtimes its just passing without getting it.
kamal kanta : this game is fantastic. i have rated five stars only to this game. i also recommend the developers to launch this game on pc playform.
sergio lopez de bustos : really cool game, but ads at the end of the run closes the game and i lost all the progress made on that run..
shabbir mufaddal : never played a game this beautiful on my phone... truly astonishing!
govind mahajan : it firstly runs butterly smooth on my phone but after 4-5 minutes of gameplay it crashes suddenly...please fic this annoying issue! i'll rate 5.
sharon ciocon : i love the graphics and the simplicity of the game. the goals also make me occupied for hours on end. really addictive. good job.
josh rust : a very fun and relaxing game, with beautiful graphics. i've spent hours snowboarding on this endless mountain!
edgar : i love this game, it is peaceful and zen mode is amazing. but now everytime you fall, you get an ad. that ruins the atmosphere and feel of the game. i'm not going buy the premium to remove the ads. i rather wait for the sequel which already for ios
henry dorsett : great game but wants access to my cpntacts which is weird and intrusive.
mathieu lemay : this is a rip off of ski safari. and with much less features.
amarendra kumar : the theme and graphics make it really a game which provides peace of mind. loved it, incredible. : )
mahmud saikat : amazing.the most frequently played games of me.and love the zen mode,wish there was more music in it
murad naghway dudu : epic game. reminds me of old times like arcade games were the gameplay was phenomenal. thanks. cheers
paul shadow : truly beautiful game, it always makes me happy everytime i play it, everyone please come play this game.
jake whitaker : really love the game! it's really addicting, and the atmosphere is beautiful. i unlocked all the characters and the only thing the game needs is 7th character that goes like twice as fast as izel!
kyle gray : this game is incredible! not only is it entertaining but it clams you down when you need it the most. great work guys!
r1nn0n : i love this game, the graphics are amazing and its really beautiful. also not much ads.
dakota tucker : lacks the ability to change the position of the wingsuit button, which is unusual considering you can change where the pause button is...
x nat : this helped me so much with my anxiety im so thankful <3
firdaus nazree : thank you for making this game. it's very calm and therapeutic especially with the zen mode. i love it so much.
mrchrisdje : great graphics but gameplay not that good, difficult to do long jumps...
lahiru randheesh : superb,amazing,keep it up. it would be great if you add a stunt mod without any obstacles.
chad gross : my wife paid to remove ads, the ads are gone but so is her ability to revive for 1500 coins. is this something that will be fixed in an update? i would pay to remove the ads as well, but some tasks would be near impossible without the option to revive.
vicklj 12 : this game is awsome because i play it all the time and i never get bored.
john rosen : game keeps crashing in the middle of playing and doesn't save progress when it does.
iab oyang : it's alright. many times the character will not respond to action. had to close and restart game a few times. uninstalled.
jeremy villatoro : this is an amazing game. it's the best offline game i have every played. it is challenging and fun with amazing graphics.
ahmad yazdankhah : thank you guys, we really appreciate your hard work on this masterpiece, just amazing.
sparna : it truly amazes me that the makers of the coke-fueled wonderland that is punch quest could also create such an elegant game. relaxing, beautiful and fun, alto's adventure is one of those rare apps that can be considered a true video game masterpiece. to overlook this game would be a disservice to your free time. very hopeful about alto's odessey, i would be honored if i could help beta test. take it from me, noodlecake is going places.
a google user : it is among those games which will be remembered by all game lover,thank you for making it.
rezz : one word, beautiful. the art style is just too perfect for a mobile game. incredible
alexander : that mode where there no score or game is just so relaxing
archiem117 : this game was ok, it wasn't great, it was just kind of dull and repetitive
prem kumar : no words just amazingggggggg ever awsome graphics place are sooooo beautiful
johnro decal : it is the best time killer game for me but it doesn't have cloud save which is pretty dissapointing considering that i have unlocked some characters
aditya rao : this game has some amazing background music. gameplay is just simple yet so beautiful.
kasto sumi : i love everything about this game! graphic/music/gameplay everything is perfect. i just wish there was an option to connect to our facebook so we can compete with our friends. thanks for creating such a beautiful game!
parush dogra : what is wrong with maya. she doesn't do backflips and falls into the cliff
mikyle moodley : this has been a game i've not played in a while. it's so beautiful
biarreto : this game is amazing, i love it! great graphics and great music. the
gameplay it's really relaxing. and the sequence, alto's odyssey, it's even
better. noodlecake studios know how to make amazing games.
roshan mathew : major bug in the game , which i exploited , great game but the bug allowed me complete all the 60 lvls within 4 hrs
midhun joseph : it's an awesome game please create more game like this and please add some more places not only in snow
bafo hutiva : great game. but a little boring after a while.
dennis ohuru : the best game to ever be invented in the mobile world. nothing comes close, nothing ever will
a google user : fun and i like that it rotates to morning night and snows or rains.i like the llamas.
a google user : this game is greatest i love it and it music too. i recommended everyone play this game. i'm just love on it. the music gonna touchs everyone's heart.
a google user : absolutely brilliant, the flow of the game, the feel of the game, absolutely everything is on an excellent level, one of the best app games i've seen.
k. m shivakumar : this game is so addictive and good graphics,specially when night begins to start and moon and stars appear
gamerkito : amazing game, i haven't completed all the challenges, but i already can't wait for the next one!! inspiring game!
joseph febin : superb game endless running and the music is just awesome feels like i have fell in love with someone
pivoit john : great simple game that entertains for hours in relaxing and yet engaging
gameplay. the art and soundtrack are both beautiful as well
bharath kumar : very verry worst game i had seen ever the game controls is not good
princess papy : amazing game! however, i have this glitch where if i collect a coin magnet, my whole phone freezes. is that something you can fix?
reema ayas : everthing in this game is superb but u need to make the obstacle morr visible u know . when the game gets dark its really to see the rock except for the coin because the coins glow the obstcle blend with the darkness ...
christopher ferretti : can sometimes be a little glitchy, but an over all great game.
vladimir placinta : used to be my favourite game in the store... no it's impossible to get past 15k meters without it crashing.
jamil ahmed : i once saw a llama jump over a chasm and not make it. probably one of the most upsetting parts of my entire life. on another note, this game is absolutely amazing!!
sam duffy : i love the game, but hate that the premium unlock is five dollars whereas the game is only three on the app store.
franciszek molga : used to love it, but now in-game ads freeze it every time they show up
a google user : its vary addicting i can't stop playing can't wait for alto odessy
jakki fitzgerald : i paid for this app and it still has ads in it? why? what did i l pay for? this is a very simple, basic game. i honestly don't understand what the fuss is about???
chinmay garg : great game. but these days it just keeps crashing.
david keel : the person we are meant to be controlling is too far away for it to be enjoyable for me.
priyanshu kumar : all around its a game for kids. please don't download it its a worst game. ever i had played
emal safi : good game but i was paly and unlock alot level i was save all but i got new phone install again when i open game its from first step and i have gmail and save all my games help me . one years ago i was play
emma-louise day : outside of monument valley this is the most beautiful game i have ever played. zen mode is gorgeous.
atanas angjushev : beautiful. the graphics are artistic, which is beyond beautiful. this game can grow so much more, and it deserves to grow! enjoyed it very very much.
the wierd tv recorder : no more night if its going to be night at least let there be more light than there is
chetan chhajer : a very nice and beautiful game after this i am waiting for the new version and new alto's odyssey
francisco justiniano : i don't like that i couldn't flip forward very dull and unimpressive
arcane cypher : do not buy the premium! its a downgrade. you'll have to pay for continues with real money or lots of hours of gameplay just to get one continue. they sabotaged their own game!!
boi : i like it, but when i go past the tutorial, i can't jump. really bad glitch, hope you fix it.
a google user : it was a 5 star until the update. now it's full of ads. i understand the need for ads but does the game really need to start with an ad? i'll watch to support the developers but have some class.
redhood11 : graphics are ok and the controls are ok too its just its too boring
bharat sahu : don't know how this game got awards as there are still some very annoying bugs ! first - sometimes we pass through a coin magnet and it do not activates ! second - sometimes the only control option in the game that is tap ( jump ) doesn't works ! third - the most important the feather perk should be removed it's of no use i wonder why it has been introduced its so annoying its gets over usually before a obstacle and as a result the game end !
a google user : like the game but don't like the scarf good game though really calm
sanjay mohan dubey : beauty is so wow coupled with bad controls that you crash everytime devouring in scenes!
nitin sagar : crashes a lot which makes me to redo the progress to complete a mission.
omar alvarez : it's addictive i've spent hours on it. wingsuit is real fun once unlocked
a google user : ads! permissions are not all listed here. this app can access your accounts. pretty lame that its not listed.
vicky harwood : such a sweet little game that gets as intense as you want. backflipping through the mountains, chasing llamas to amazing music, what's not to love?
green politics : on android....amazing....thank you noodke cake studios for enhancing the android gaming experience....loved the design and the idea is great.the gameplay is fun and excites as game progress.this games craves you to find the free time. hope you will create more games.
charles anderson : fun gameplay, with a lot of reasons to keep coming back to play!
shannon jacob : i think this is a beautiful game, if you are thinking of geting this game, stop thinking and get it!
vikramsingh nimbalkar : amazing game. most chilling game i've ever played.
omnibot retro gaming : one hidden gem for mobile devices! it's so beautiful and atmospheric! highly recommended.
suprastar : beautiful to look at. but too easy to die..not enough continuity.
felix pelin jr. : cant get some coins or power ups when im in speed boost. also can u add some dictionary function? cant lvl up most of the time due to some terms but overall im onto this game. love it.
sandeep chouhan : just awesome but the night scean is not good but the game is mind blowing
a google user : at the beginning game is nice and interesting to play, but after advancing little bit it become boring and repetitive.
yusea eka prasetya : just when i need a chill & brainless game.. and the backsound, i love it!
dead meme : best mobile game i played in a long time. but if you ask me they sould put this on steam.....
jimmy tsui : the game is good, but after updated i found this version adds ads, it's not cool!
kittenlover 1990 : i like this game a lot don't know why i deleted it
cj : great game. finally brought it, great with no ads. but now there's no continue after you crash.
jc davis : amazing backgrounds and music. honestly got addicted to this game
rahul s : what a game! immersive, soothing and relaxing. controls are simple, music is fabulous and the sights are a treat.
abdulrahman khalifa : the game is not just a game it is scenic photo that moves it is amazing in every way yet so simple
carson cass : amazing game. very well done. everything about it is 10/10. suggest that there is more music though
onesmas n : ads redirecting to app store or browser . no!! great game, nice graphics, chill music. solid all around. ads aren't too bad. however, some ads redirect to app store or try to open browser. this is a huge deal for me. so, nope. would be five stars otherwise.
sanam sam : nice game ... but need some improvements... like change of level ... problem is complete game for just for 3 tasks.. and play again for other tasks ... only that..
rikki sharma : there is a little bug in the game. if you are playing the game offline i mean close your mobile data... and you are reviving alto by clicking on watch video.. the pop up comes in the game while playing.. video unavailable pop comes in between when you are.. i think in that case game should he pause as it might happen that are jumping from one mountain to other or if rock comes in between. because we are not able to see anything due to pop up. hope this help :)
osama iskandarani : so fun and peaceful game,i advice everyone to try it!
a google user : beautiful! i really love it, it is so relaxing even if it isn't in zen
mode. no words to describe it. a really god job!
n roberts : simple and beautiful graphics. very fun to play! easy to to get to next level.
gabsman 99 : i think that you can't see the controls needs to be fixed
sherley : it's a simple game, and the background is really good showing the illustration of the snowy environment.
sivaiah naidu : this game has everything that a player's expects while playing the game....
local cowboy can't walk for shit : remember when alto's adventure was ad free and the only ads you would get is when you wanted to revive? pepperbridge farms remembers.
juventius kriswijanarko : this is a very great game, i love it so much!
janah smith : absolutely adore this game, and the zen mode is great for anxiety.
a google user : the only thing wrong with it is that u can't stop playing it
quan steyn : an amazing snowboarding game. ads are irritating though.
jared snyder : honestly, this is my most favorite game i've ever played on mobile. can't way for alto's odyssey.
a google user : im so glad i found a very nice bug where you can get allmost unlimited lives here are the steps to do it 1st have your wifi on 2nd get a bad landing 3rd click the revive alto by watching the video 4th at the exact click turn of the internet and it will show somethint like video cannot be loaded 5th have fun with the bug (sorry i cannot explain properly)
xaverius vicky : this game is more than just a game. it helps you heal also. relieve your stress.. perfect!!
a google user : i found piece i found confort i found love i found determination and i don't know why... its just so beautiful.. the music, the game itself... the whole thing. i found true art... thanks for making this game come true i was praying for this.
z1 reddy : the visuals,music,gameplay are just amazing.. even the change of climate in the game is so good.. great work
a google user : i think it's really good. once i went to the apple store and played on the iphone and i tapped on this game and i loved it
pewdiepie channel : great game! nice work noodlecake! could u also notify me if u release anew relaxing game
a google user : so relaxing music... awesome game play, loved the game, favorite from a long time! help low moods!
marcelinus imanuel : everything is fine untill you realize the game takes up to 130+ mb of storage space. can't u make it smaller? thanks from a guy who still have an old phone with only 8gb of storage
victor w : an awsm and simple yet addicting game! luv the zen mode :d
fizol ! : i can play it went i has a very stressful day...
a google user : please add ability to move pause button somewhere on top of the screen. the game is awesome!
vianey medina : this game is sooo addicted u can't stop playing
jason iskandar : beautifully mesmerizing! the graphics, music, and gameplay are all zen
per norm : don't waste you're time it glitches like a mofo constantly shuts off by itself. beautiful piece of @%#&
xero fox : the game is simply beautiful, the views, the music, the graphics and concept. everything is perfect
panda26 : as a casual user of games on my android devices i very rarely find a game that i truly click with and want to keep playing. minimalistic art style is so nice on here and the gameplay is solid
tom perkins : sneaky ads forcing clicks get a 1 star
partha sarathi dey : l cant have enough of this game, its a wonderful game, wonderful grphics and music.
hrishikesh kore : not optimized for note 8 nougat. lags and crashes at times.
sreekanth narayanan : such a minimal game and yet fun and great way to pass time. visuals are beautiful!
teamyoutube : one of the best remaining offline games to be played. waiting for odyssey!
kyran cadogan : it is beautiful , a true masterpiece. i'm looking forward to alto's odyssey
mohammad jaan : its very calm and relaxing,its also a very good time killer.
vamshi reddy : its getting boring just after 5 minutes of the play...
supertrnx 42 : beware, if you play this game you will not stop playing it!!!! if you like games like temple run and completing quests you will love this game. the graphics aren't great but good enough. very very addicting. two !!!
kaage 64 : snow makes me relax with beautiful scenery, i really loved it.
mark perez : i love this game! the graphics are beautiful and it is so much fun! i literally beat the entire game and it was so enjoyable!
dela : this backgrounds and music so nice, i love it <
aditya mhabdi : character should be big enough to concentrate on him.....too small for play game make it big to play well.
vanessa padilla : i love the game but for some reason the ability to change characters is gone! idk why but i can't change characters because the option to do so is gone! pls would love an explanation and maybe fix it ?
rob banks : very choppy now, causes player to crash often
tdipp4 : game is amazing, love the art style and music! so relaxing and fun!
emanuel goka : relaxing game, great if you want to get into a zen.
sidharth rajeevan : great one.. doesn't annoy you.. if you crash its your own fault.. not game's fault.
nick kazakov : an beautiful created game, with stunning graphics, and exciting gameplay! 5 stars!
rahul warrier : an enchanting music helps to calm the mind and blissfully play this endless
game...
manu kamath : one of the best games i've played so far. nice and relaxing.
emma bawiec : i love the game!! it has beautiful background and fun characters!! honestly my favorite game ever.
haissen : is just nice to play a game that works,feels smooth, easy to play and fun none the less
be elite : great game as a whole, the physics are nice and it doesn't seem to be ptw. gg
a google user : timeless. this app is really relaxing. i like that you can take pictures of the game.
a google user : the game was great unfortunately i received a game breaking bug where i couldn't jump
kachangthaipou gonmei : on my mi note didn't work properly plz improve it
esh_21 : it is awesome with the music and has also zen mode which you'll never die that is awesome! just wating for altos oddesy to realese !!!!!
trinix : this game is magical! its so nice and you feel so calm playing it..i love this game!
winona&joel philbrook : bf fav game! keeps him happy so im happy.
imam rafi : i am in love with this game and i am sure anyone can be. keep up the awesome work.
shankar ns : its simply awesome and peace of mind. game,, i love background music
monkgogi samson : simply one of the best games out there. strangely, so calming.
paus gaming : cant wait for the oddysey. the game is very good never got bored playing this game. i hope there will be more trick and more place like city?,cave?.thats all i want to say and thank you for making this game :d
john asadorian : love the game but getting impatient for odyssey. come on guys... get it done already. already losing interest.
mike mcgillivry : simple, fun, and gorgeous. noodlecake always delivers with good games to play.
luth bhaskara : amazing and stunning graphic.. beautiful music too.. so satisfying.. with beautiful scenery, day and night background when skiing.. love it because it doesn't need internet connection to play.. great game!! awesome
catherine l : the art style is and the graphics are really good. it's easy and so relaxing i love it!
simran modi : beautiful and calming. love the zen mode especially!
chase simon : highly addicting, it's just hands down an amazing game!
christian savarino : good game, but i bought full version and didn't receive my 5000 coins :(
peter guevara : so peaceful yet so challenging! absolutely love this game
steve hamner : it's super addictive and amazingly fun. really easy to pick up and learn.
a google user : this is a permanent game on my phone. it is all stunning and really fun.
nathaniel francisco : this is one of my most favorite phone games in the entire world.
airon joshua alonso : stress relieving game. sound quality is superb and the gameplay is great.
zhafiidhia auva uldyawan : i really enjoy this game, you can play this game at anytime and anywhere.
sam becker : the best mobile game i've ever played, hands down
raghu rokda : the most beautiful game i have ever played. awesome
rajarshi majumder : this is the best game i have played. the music in background is very good.
hrithik saikia : this game is best for its gameplay, its so smooth and astheticly pleasing.
a google user : the most beautiful game i have ever played on a phone.
wesley vandeurzen : great game the more you progress the more you start to like it bautiful art direction and great controls.i loved it
a google user : this music is beautiful!!! its so relaxing? where can i get it? also, the sound effects are amazing!! not to mention the great graphics!!! once, while it was raining in the game, i thought it was raining outside!!! i can't wait for alto's odyssey to come out!! absolutely amazing game!! 5 stars!!
issam abouzia : i love it too much it's one of my favorite game ever
jlr9 animations : great game, it would be cool if they added multiplayer though
archamdinnata : i think this game is very nice to play, when you play the zen mode is empowering your soul
smudger : i see it as a work of art my mother sees it as triangles ._.
a google user : every time i open this app and play it for 3 minutes and it just makes my screen black and doesn't play
carrie lins : this game has the best music, and it's relaxing and fun to play.
nahuel gutierrez : great game! everything is perfect. just a side note: haptic feedback is not working for me. is there any fix?
a google user : awesome. this is one of the best offline games i have ever played. i recommend it to everyone.
a google user : really a boring game only slope is their who rated it 4.6 i don't know but i suggest not to waste time.....
nhu huynh : lovely game but sometimes it glitches when i start the game and i can't jump
coman grigore : wow,just wow.i enjoy this game every time i play it.so perfect designed
charchar : i love love this game you guys did a excellent job on this game it is so relaxing thank you
wandering nomad : fun game. graphics are 5 star. neat idea based on a well used concept.
makaroni & cheese : in the first ten minutes of playing it it everything about it filled my heart with joy
abdul-hakeem al-amriki : beautiful art style and fun gameplay. kinda reminds me of line rider in a way.
jorge gomes : beautiful game with a fantastic soundtrack and a very relaxing look, the producers are to be congratulated for the
a google user : great game but haptic feedback doesn't work on my samsung s7 edge
noctis l. eclipse sawyer : love it not complaining about the 4.99 price tag i also have it in ios and it's great
mike osullivan : can you please adjust the game to fill larger 18:9 aspect ratio phone's like my note 8? it would look gorgeous if it filled the screen.
krzysztof wesoowski : removing option to revive alto for premium users - kind of opposite of honest.
ewan heneghan : absolutely amazing game, the aesthetic and music cured my depression
stella adhisurya : peaceful, pretty, perfect for short breaks while studying.
nidhi jani : very nice game it us a snowboarding game and we can play it any time
dhanil mistry : nice and descent game. i think they should release the odessey mode
rochelle van riet : it's good but you should be able to do front flips:]
navneet singh : love the game! especially sounds. totally relaxing and simplenyet amazing game
jesus : its a great game with amazing graphics and nice music make it a pc game
hannah gibson : love the music. great time killer to. can't wait till altos odessey
delaney marie : great but some of the goals aren't registering when achieved.
d : nice looking game but there's barely any gameplay a lot of it is rng.
a google user : i love the music.the game gives a homish feel to it.the game is very peaceful..
skyler de mendonca : it's awesome, but you should add a shop with different outfits.
murrax 2 : amazing! highly recommend playing zen with headphones, my only suggestion is make it a bit easier to find the zen option!
hannah liddle : i really liked this app. very calming music and great graphics.
colonel grande : this game is a cinematic masterpiece. the gameplay is fun and soothing. the graphics are also really beautiful
all in one : i loved about it's soundtrack.. just play it when you're tired... so fun..
beruk sims : fun game, awesome all around. maybe player customization could be added
muhammad saheel : gorgeous! relaxing app, good when bored
gendhis dewanty : its simple and relaxing but very addictive. the music was very beautiful and thi game is very recommended
usha nair : the game is superb but it would be cool if you add some more cool stunts or tricks while skiing
feno fernando : the best mobile game i've ever played, the musics, the visuals are perfect, hands down
adam shone : it is a good game for what it is. i would highly recommend it for passing time or calming down
eric mora : a very smooth and very vibrant game. 5 stars all the way.
arsal asher : beautiful melody , zen mode is spectacular. controls can be improved.
jeff : it's so good hope they make altos odessy more fun
kozo sudo : hey man you chill bro i can't wait for the adventure map
a google user : the app wont run, keeps shutting down every time i try too open n let it run, uninstalling....
lavishly latasha : addicting this game is so much fun and i just really like the music
kalpesh shinde : in simple words i would say "this game is meditation"!
sunita sharma : maginificient game, amazing graphics but it should give full screen experience
umar pervez : amazing graphics and good gameplay, this game really keeps me entertained for a while!
sayan mukherjee : excellent game, easy to play but challenging, lite weight.
nicolas ostiguy : calming, beautiful game with very nice lighting but best of all theres llamas!!!
naqibullah behtash : one of the most addictive mobile games i have ever played and i really enjoy playing it.
sifat : amazing game! please add graphic quality option.
brendon ennis : amazing game mechanics and phenomenal graphics make this app the best i have played.
itsaninja : the graphics are amazing in this game, i've really enjoyed playing this game
narendra hadiana : immersive design, zen mode is very soothing, sound and music is amazing
chinyere ezekiel : the scenery and music is just so relaxing and beautiful at the same time.
amit sarkar : i downloaded it but the app doesn't show in home .
corey scott : another ridiculously difficult watch a video machine
sai nikhil : this game helps in removing your boredom
davis joel : play the game before.when i play it again i be just like woah it beautiful.yea it a great game
a google user : this game is amazing and has very little ads and is super easy and fun great time killer and you will really enjoy the game please download it you will love it
mike lok : i love this game and i need it on my nintendo switch please make a switch version
dharmesh prajapati : i started to play this game a few years ago and i still enjoy it once in awhile
katka : my all time favourite game. great job!
soumyakanti mondal : the best meditation game ever i have played before
mitchell mann-sommers : it is such a thrilling yet calm game and the crontrols are outstanding
a google user : best game ever could good if free on appstore
lauryn boyle : altos adventure has to be one of the best games on the app store
a google user : it is a cool game and i always see it on phones in target
farrukh mahmood : one of my favorite game on play store
yash agrawal : good but there can be some more features and characters
vamsi krishna c v : welcome escape from complicated mobile games.
justin taylor : great game. it's so smooth and has a great sound track. everything sounds great.
jeet mehta : a great solid game after a long time
ubaldo martinez : make a shop to buy new borads and more better grafics
kailash singha : please give more updates love the graphics and want some more scenes and location
nibir nath : i am fine with it but if you want me to send you a copy
flaming wing128 : i think you sould be able to buy clothes for alto and his friends
zxggy : this is a awesome game and when i showed my brother and sister they want it to
a google user : great game has some good graphics music and is jus all around great
blanca rosete : its awsome its cute and addicting it will make the time fly great game
gary : it is really good but the back flip controls should be fast and fixed properly
manoj kumar madugula : very good game relly coool simple and sweet loved it everyone should try
xdmp saville : lovely stands up to time and ages like fine wine
mathieu auclair : the music is perfect, sound effect amazing, fit just right with the excellent graphics
mohammed zeeshan : i'm addicted to this game... its fun it has amazing levels to play in
kartik jaiswal : simply the game i ever wanted to play.. its music really makes you calm.. and changing weathers.. just amaazziiinngggg
hani zantout : amazing game. make sure you use earphones!
necir omar : great job but try to update it more or make it more complex or more option to enjoy more at all it is a wanderful game
a google user : great gameplay and the soundtrack is totally awesome keep up the good work
brandon colapietro : it is a really nice game with a peaceful soundtrack and a fun joy ride
ben hair : it was a cool adventure but challenge game for all ages to enjoy
samuel branch : one of the best endless runner games since temple run oz
zander aramburo : this is one of the best phone games i have ever experienced
a google user : best game ever played also better then temple run
a google user : great game and i would appreciate if you guys add more good music to the game.
prototype0-gaming - : the game is so addicting and fun and it is really simple and the graphics are amazing the games backtound looks like a dream
timmy jonhson : this is really fun and it gets things off your mind.
blue bicycle : such an amazing game with beutifull scene so relaxing!
driizzoo gaming : the soundtrack chosen for this game and the graphics and the background is all so beautiful would recommend this to anyone
hrithikraj pp : this is the best game of 2017 and 2018 great relaxing game when tension coming it will loose any problems please install super game ever in mobiles
aftab hasan : really a good game for me. i was looking for a game like this for time pass
r reeves : beautiful game that can be learned in minutes but can provide hours of enjoyment!
anneke mason : great music, engaging yet simple gameplay!
jessie rayfield : simple as hell ,. not very fun or entertaining
sonu burman : its really a fantastic game.. good time pass. bat still i'm waiting for next adventure..
imon ghosh : probably the best game i ever played .. graphics and sounds are awesome ..
bhoboghure : this is fantastic... there is no gaming application on my device but "alto's adventure"... i like it the most...
stanley et : this is a spectacular game awesome music awesome graphics overall its a beautiful game
matthew von schuetz : really love it really fun and that elder once unlocked is really worth it hehehehe
freddy hodgkinson : i love this game and i have already nearly got the third character
nitish prabhu : game crashes after some time
jono records himself : great game nice music with awesome indi like graphics good to relax to.
a google user : one of the best games i have ever played on mobile platform
iir4mboii : this game is the most beautiful and easy to control game that i have ever found
sahit m : wow what a game!!! the gameplay, music, grapics are stunning and fells like watching a movie
jordan brewer : finally got all 180 goals done, great game, still looking very forward to alto's odyssey!!
mindless : great game. love the zen mode. would play anytime and anywhere.
israel correa : very fun game with easy intuitive controls. very similar to ski safari.
justchloe : to be honest i thought it was a bit boring
zedanga saleh : amazing can not wait until they launch the new one
jithu m a : this is a very pleasant game with peaceful background music. you will never be disappointed. great work guys!
a google user : love it so much that i finished the game in like a week of playing. love it.
a google user : if your anything like moi, this is just watching a movie with the occasional tap
eden snowden : this is my new favorite game i love it :)
mwenda arthur : amazing game play and lovely music. you ger lost in the ambience of the game.
hitesh sant : ahh....its beautiful. it gives me peace. endless mode is like driving a endless road with no worries. developer is one soulful genius. its a endless melody...
cam : i liked it but it wouldn't let me jump.
mandakini das : good graphics, a good music such a great game this is oututstanding game an excellent game
indradeep bhattacharya : the graphics here happens only in dreams. surreal.
ricardo felipe : waiting for alto's odyssey on android.
viven fernandes : it's awesome don't think twice before downloading
mark green : absolute rubbish pls fix this crappy game
a google user : *.i love the cute, graphics and it's really addictive for such a simple and easy game. i loves it.*
victor s : let's you relax a bit , is really nice
akash dey : superb!!! liked it!! music is so soothing that i love playing it before going to bed. my only question is what does the new adventure awaits for us? :d
aryan mistry : good time killer its a good stressbuster game quite addictive and fabulous perfect game super graphics
datta kamble : please themes change all and a plyer boy is very small please maya us big
monts : great game with beuatiful scenery... i love it, it also has great music
dwi satrio w. : great graphics and relaxing. still waiting for alto's odyssey.
valdez family : it has really good graphics and has a lot of nice action
ling tc : simple to play, hard to master. good and challenging!
a google user : mind blowing game. addicted
pillows : by far the best game on android! incredible job noodlecake!
irfan chughtai : grafics are amazing love the gameplay just an amazing game for passing time
vinod kumar : very good game just the in game prices are little bit hight
jad kanhoush : this game is relaxing and even the song us nice and relaxing and it is adventures
sophia chau : amazing graphics, smooth gameplay, and awesome sound track.
prabhu n : good one on running,&i addicted to it
a google user : i love this game. i understand why it's the editor's choice
a google user : i thiink that this game is pity cool
gordon jones : love the visuals and game play. so great!
elaina cremer : the most beautiful, encasing, and enhancing game i've ever experienced.
joefrancis tugade : pls more games,with alto coz i already completed all levels and upgrade thanks
aimen shelly : i love this game especially in unlimited mode with that romantic music
raul gutierrez lopez : peaceful game, very entertaining and easy to play.
destiny clark : i've played it multiple times and always enjoy it.
floxy : love it! can't wait for the next one
ohad : it's a nice but the game is kind of annoying.
a google user : amazing game. controls could be better. amazing graphics!
prem chanumalla : it's an awesome game and very beautiful,especially the backdrop
evan wilkin : best game i've played in a while. just pure amazing.
mordecai jablonski : i really enjoy this game it progressively gets more challenging yet its so simple
nsika mncadi : best game ever, like the sound effects on it super
jojarox xx : i love this app! definitely recommend it.
shane butcher : beautiful game,gentle music and very addictive.
stephen butler : very peaceful game with objectives. great to relax with. simple and amazing.
kaleb blix : astheticly pleasing, fun and a little hard at first.
joel : the music is absolutely amazing, the gameplay is really good, keep going
somewhat.strange : amazing game; beautiful graphics, fun gameplay
a google user : awesome, pleasure giving game .
amena nadeem : stunning visuals, beautiful soundtrack and easily mastered controls.
aaron indradjaja : it's great, while your on the go and offline
anthony yovino : excellent! looking forward to the sequel.
apricotjam time : awesome! can't wait for the odyssey
matthew aleandri : great game! lovely graphics and nice layout! really enjoying it!
jonathan durra : great controls with a beautiful art style and a wonderful aesthetic!
zack : beautiful and good sound just wished there was bosses as in abonible snowman or a avalanche still awesome just needs a bit more chalange
a k z c r i z : best ever game that's music
abhishek deception : don't think about it just download it
a google user : why u think one star well my son played it got the wingsuit but its nearly impossible to activate it
anoon mathew shibu : the best relaxing game ever!!
shub bhagat : i complete all the goals its awosome :)
julio selva : it's really relaxing, really recommend it!
sleeplord potato : i really like the graphic and the soundtrack. its so beautiful
a google user : now has forced ads and solicits you to pay to upgrade to the premium version.
a google user : it is the world's fantastic and the best game and it's my favorite
remo hanock : brilliant!!! great visuals, beautiful bgm, excellent game play and peace of mind! one of my favorite games ever.
akshay wani : game that calms you. playing the zen mode is like meditation.
a google user : my dream game, such a calming music. but, kindly use headphones.
landon marek : it's so calming and wonderful to look at.
krishna narayanan : really nice game that makes you feel good
tad soup : it's a short game where you can just chill
jesus villarreal : beautiful graphics! its such a good game i reccommend this game to everyone!
vaibhav jaiswal : this game is very good and the graphics is also very good and this is the best game for childrens
mnb : its beauty is breath-taking.
smaran nagaraj : great game, one of the best.
anak syurga mak mak : relaxing and simple , great game . keep it up .
parker dewitt : i love the style of the game and progression system
libby ling : this game has beautiful graphics and music. it's a really good "endless" game.
pranay : i think its the best game... it make me feel so stressfree during exams!! i luv it
alex asf : i love it it's so peaceful my favorite game
bodya gaming : beautiful ! reminds me a lot of a poem "the little prince".can't wait to see new alto's odyssey !
04 phy m s karthikraj : its a very gud game.i like it very much.it relaxes me.
tut rg : ohh...man....its an amazing game! totally awesome. why i haven't come across this game before..thank you developer . thanks.
rofi ahmed : thanks to the developer for this epic game.its fell like something else. where i can find odyssey...
faizan muhammad : wow what an amazing intro mind blowing
liam kelly : a free game that's fun and relaxing
brenda : in love with this game! gorgeous graphics and surely entertaining! thank you!!!
satyansh sinha : game keeps crashing for no reason... please fix it!
hridoy rahman : its just simply an awesome game! loved it!
christopher barajas : has been my favorite game for gameplay or just relaxing.
palash bhadkamkar : amazing game. could you try adding a multiplayer feature
ad f : beautiful looking and sounding game that feels very zen
ojie blancia : very good game,its fun and has good graphic
jade kitsune : an amazing game that you won't regret playing
aravind s : a creative masterpiece with great visuals and refreshing bgm.
a60d m0h4med : verrrry nice game download it really cool!!
sammuel tetteh : relaxing and you don't have to struggle much. it's just awesome.
a google user : lovely graphics! nice music! i reccomend to all!
aleksa valjarevic : when night falls in the game rocks are absolutely invisible
jack perkins : wow the game is great i even played this at sprint store
sam moodley : very simple but satisfying game and really cool
yash dalal : has it all one could expect from an indie game
matt h. : the most relaxing fun one touch game
szymon klimiuk : this is the best game i had ever play
adidas vlogs : i really like this game it is a great time killer
singhai prachi jain : all is well but sometimes it becomes close automatically
marcus kamuntu : awesome game! by far the best game of the year
satadru bhattacharjee : it's one of the most mesmerising game i've ever played, just loved it. awesommeee!!!!
a google user : weak. just a bad game.
elite boy the great : the game is good to play if your bored
green frog : great but occasionally crashes in middle of run.
sophie berlinger : it's my favorite app on my phone i love it
a google user : it is very good game because it has good graphics and good music and very funny
a google user : addicting and calming. specially zen mode.
nogami wataru : i love the graphics, love the weather, love the music, love the zen mode. i love it all :)
morgan boyd : this game is a great relaxing tool and a great way to pass the time!
elijah arnold : it's a very attractive game and it's very easy and fun love it
akriti razdan : one of the best and surely an addictive game...waiting for new levels:)
jason mendelson : pretty bummed i went premium. you lose the option to watch a video to revive... lame......
vishnu mj : outstanding., can i expect a similar type of another game possessing natural phenomenons like thunder,raining,sunset and sunrise.,morning.,evening...how can you make this?surely ., the idea behind the game come from "heaven". a million thanks to noodle cake studios and team. my rating: 4.9 out of 5
a google user : really beautiful game really beautiful setting really liked it
sahad kt : this game is very interesting and game music very super
brendan vaughn : i absolutely love it and everythung about it but i rlly want to know when altos odyssey is coming out so plssss do tell
kostantinos panagiotidis : great relaxing game. try it with headphones!
saha santh : the best mobile game i've ever played
then h813 : a great game to play, fun, relaxing and addictive.
mike p : great game. stunning visuals. fun progression.
jelly paws : its so addictive and relaxing! my favorite game
a google user : this is my favourite game i cried when i first got cause of the sound track it reminds me about my child hood easy mechanics and just a great game ill follow you guys and everything for making this game also i will give this all 5 maybe 100000000 stars
pankaj thakur : feeling good , to tell the game is really well
malicius : it ia great. can't wait for alto's oddisey
sarah ahmad : great time killer and i really love the music <3
sayan bag : the audio and visuals has made this game great .
ashir abrar : it becomes hard to play when night falls and alto is very small in size.
hamdan prakoso : love the zen mode. great game
tesha johns : the game it's good n addictive
ern hao : a simple and fun offline game.
christopher singh : the long lost update is here!
ak squad : it's a really fun game an i recommend it to everyone
armando karutjaiva : good game, pretty relaxing.
gihan shanaka : juzt ended all the goals. addictive superb game
dimitris kiriazis : i love the home button and coin glitch
subhrajit acharjee : love this nyc graphics and many more allthrough nyc
milind kapadia : many thanks for this game. such a lovely visual delight
ashish kumar singh : its awesome. totally cool graphics. good controls.
kodal rahman : this is a good game.it has great graphics
dova : ultimate soothing fun. can't wait for next.
praveen mishra : i like this game so much it's graphic is amazing
joseph m. parker : great game play, beautiful music
dane oceja : i think it is awsome. great game
jc garcia : pretty as a princess. the simple controls compliment the atmosphere nicely.
sean bailey : zen mode is the icing on this delicous cake.
antoniu tudor : worse gameplay ever. hated it
adithyan gr : it's simply awsm ..it makes us think about snow , patients, xmas, celebrationz,family,joy,..it's always a pleasure to play this game .
ka puff : a great way of spending time while driving...
maximum bruh levels : is a great game but coins are few and in game prices are huge
eshan karnik : best mobile game ever recommend everyone to play this game
maitreya ingale : good minimalistic design. relaxing soundtrack
mohd amin ismail : can't wait for the new launching odyssey
teeru singh : it control full game and intrusting story. but rider too small.. it fixd in game
freddy perez : awesome download. you need this one
a google user : a very relaxing and enjoyable game.
nate dasnake : wow i liked the music and everything else!
yishai abro : great but crashes all the time
rajeev kumar maaram : mind relaxing background music and simple game
henry ng : great game fun to play and looks great
rob dog : this is hands down the best game in the world
shashikant singh : best game i ever played in this mb
gravitite kore : greatest game ever i recvomend this for when u r relaxing
a google user : all i want to say is i love this game
rahul taneja : such a beautiful and amazing game loved it totally
jonathan williams : is a great fun game and a good timepasser
chakravarthi reddy : awesome game but need something special
a google user : very good game smooth and easy controlling
laxman chauhan : game is best but add new place
prau marlon : gud graphics nd mind relaxing music
joonas ruutel : beutiful backgroung and my favorite character is maya
gabe scott : loved it great time killer and amazing graphics
latha vunnava : its avery nice game with good graphics
tony tony : game is lit probably one of the best for a phone
mouhammed h. el-sherif : i love it so much thank you
benedek kuna : this is my favourite phone game ever
gabe : amazing game with soothing music and flawless visuals
akib al hashir : best game i have played on android
a google user : it is a funfast moving game like it love it
kingston switzer : really relaxing and it helps you fall asleep
a google user : amazing game great everything recommend it to all great game
venkatraman varadarajan : very good it's a good time passing game
vishwa : wow!!! what a relaxing game. the bgm is outstanding!! this game remembers my old memories.
rohit malik : can you tell me noodlecake studios that how i can save my progress.
kris : great graphics, simple yet addictive
rishabh adiga : perfect game with no lag & its engaging
mme hd : the music, the graphics everything is the best
ray frenzy : does good and feels good for a casual game...
shehan pathirathna : nice game ...good graphics and good controls
hrishikesh p : amazing game! really good to pass time
brennus : excellent. relaxing and enticing at the same time.
jatin bandhiwal : this game is very well made and it is very well thought out.
james mcglone : this game is super relaxing and absolutely amazing!!!
demon rinzler : the graphics is beautiful, the music is relaxing, makes forget about time
elvis depresley : i promise, i will rate ***** if you fix the settings menu, (samsung galaxy tab 3)
sarthak khare : absolutely beautiful gameplay and elegant feel.
sam dumlao : i really love this game <3
a google user : this is such a good game 10/10
xf bot : no words... totally beautiful, game, music, environment, totally worth (recommended)
satan bollocks : beautiful. beautiful music, beautiful graphics and extremely calming
a google user : i like this game so much even it is very hard to complete the mission's
mr lego : very relaxing, easy to play.
p i n : "one of the best mobile game ever played in my life"... love you guys..
victoria koziol : i loved it! the graphics are amazing
daman preet : this game literally takes you to mountains. music is such a charm. loved it. can you mail me its music file?
josue roberto : i'm on a new phone and the app didn't recognize the in-app purchase i did on my previous phone. what should i do?
michael widjaja : greatly designed, it's really an enjoyable game
leajato robinson : truly one of the great game that is a hidden treasure!
brik heil : ads for ashley madison. immediately deleted app.
christopher root : great time waster and passer.
haylee : the graphics and music are amazing. great gameplay.
matt cromwell : gorgeous, relaxing, addicting. hits all the right notes.
dipan minz : it's so amazing that i was blown away by the gentle slap of the cold wind...it's so infatuating...the most relaxing game ever especially due to it's zen mode ...amazing.........
bradley lewis : watch ads to win. ruined
l k : i have to agree with the editors on this one. superb!!!
kris manuela : everyone should try the zen mode
a google user : why cant you play this on android kitkat
neel shah : i completed all the goals yippeee
_paapii_ shampoo_ : can u add multiplayer and race others please do for next update :)
marisol rosa : i luv the music that comes with it very relaxing :)
jense : i really love this game it's really fun and very cold
a google user : the game is amazing the music and the game play.
roberto avalos : this game is just amazing!! i love it!!
jishnunadh n : best game i have played in my life.... the zen mode is something more than a game....
u t : amazing game. both beautiful and challenging.
husa nera : excellent ...no.matter how.many times you play this ,you will always end up surprised....
ceejay de castro : please update odyssey already! i'm waiting for the update
krisna sandhu : i fell inlove with this game.
satish hd : good one, levels and further progress required
as ap : it's great. and it is epic. nice gameplay
amar bhardwaj : simple and smooth... love this game... zen mode is just awesome... works offline (without internet) too...
jasna martinez : nice graphics the background is very flawless and beautiful.
alex03 : this is my app, it makes me feel happy,relaxing,calm down and makes sleep by the music(zen mode) sorry for bad english coz im filipino
pralhad raorane : i usually like to play endless game... so far this game is awesome... most
likely to used to play on night... it's more addictive.. beautiful
graphics! i'll recommend all to try this beautiful game!
a google user : this is the favourite game of mine i am addicted to this game
val mik : its really good. make it two player
darren & stacia johnson : it's just a beautiful game with just beautiful music and beautiful art.
a google user : the most charming and sweet game ever.
jamie tus : fun game with the right amount of complexity for a mobile game
koss x : love the game so simple yet so fun
w a l m a r t : if u like peaceful games then this is for u
vital kutsyla : this game is a masterpiece! thanks to all who made it!
a google user : this game is an unbelievably cinematic masterpiece!!
callum woodcock : all round fun game, really addictive
adnan zas : one of the best game i've ever played
anudeep kumar marri : good game. when could we get a sequel
malar selvi : i like beautiful scenes and goals.this game was awsome
omar hassan : it is a very nice and simple game
shaun martin van der berg : love this game its plain and fun
davide3303 : really good graphics and really addicting
martin abraham : nice background music and good graphics
neil panchoo : really cool game with the best music
a google user : thank you for your help and support
nate craig : one of a kind adventure that needs to be experienced
a google user : fun game with beautiful art work
srijan dwivedi : really good music and nice graphics
jack mccausland : its a decent game lots of fun
ppoliceman coper12 : this is a fascinating game but to easy
nepoleon das : this game makes me calm
piyush pant : the perfect game for a portable platform
nam janke kiya karoge : feel relaxed while playing this game
arne zavro : beautiful game to clear your mind
thampy v v : awesome game i recommend everyone to install it
reuben nsg : love it so peacful and just fantastic
trash can't do much : soothing and beautiful plus no lag
junaeid ahmed : its all over a awesome game
md shafin : nice app specially graphics are superb
abe some : i love it the game is really beautyfull
legends r raised : best of best game top first
hellraiser smith : love the game especially the art style
naveen sah : tell me that when the next adventure launches
elliot t : a great game with exellent graphics
toko rukhadze : i love the game soo much
peter lee : release more goals to achieve please
a google user : it is a great game and iove it
richard gomes : calming game yet fun and exciting
nightshade : one of the best games out there
lilnugget 205 : i love this game so much
parnest 123 : loved it the first time i played
siddhik : so beautiful graphics and relaxing game
gisselle flores : good game to play to waste time.
nikola petrevski : very addictive and very entertaining mobile game.
floof wars : yes...just.... yes....stunning....masterpiece....words cannot describe this utter beauty, i have found my safe place, my favourite game...
abhishek shahane : hello.. is it possible to recover my lost progress...? i thought maybe connecting to google play will bring it back but i have totally lost it. i reached ezel and bought a new phone. please help!!! :((( i really love this game !
jeremy youngblood : so you buy ad-free and then you can't revive at all? that's a dumb enhancement. don't buy the ad-free version.
david alex : i can't find any other characters
abhishek singh : i have no words to what to say about it.... the sounds especially in headphone wowwwwwww!!! and the graphics,,,,, and the smoothness .... you have to feel it because i can't describe in words...... thank you developers and you had word .
ayrus : awesome game......totally loved it..... thank u for making such nice games for us to play....
e raja durai : i like this game so much . i love this game
seth brethauer : superb! one of the smoothest games i've played. a joy to play. it's unique, and satisfying. zen mode is magical! job well done!!
_atg_ : simply amazing... just what an "editor's choice" game should be like... fab, cool, beautiful, 'n' awesome!
kanishka army : my coins are incresing again amd again whenever i reopen the game dont know why
will davis : "let's make a game which exits randomly"
obi tarape : awesome game, a time waster game.....this is what i am looking for, the best adventure game ever...keep the good work devs.
jordeyyy : i love it!! beautiful, addictive, and passes time, it's sooo fun too!
sindo t j : this game made my day.
a google user : why do you need access to contacts? beside quite frustrating game.
sachinkrishna m v : superb game i ever played..... the bgm is so relaxing... the perfect game.......
destyne whitnable : amazing game, very relaxing. great, simple graphics. amazing and fun. :) 8/10
giulio rubino : this is really a lovely, enchanting game. never played anything like it....
harsh vardhan bhatnagar : loved d game even more loved the bug unit which gives u unlimited coins
a google user : i love everything about it.. no regrets installing this game.. daebak!!
toxic life : this is a dumbass game
yashar rafiei : game keeps closing after latest update
vedant shende : i think this game is made for making for them who want pass their time
abdinasir elmi : i like the graphics and the gameplay but can you please change the controls
vi_m /\ ll 0 y. iv : really great love the graphics great game
heinz mateo : just put your headphones and be free!
abdul quddoos : probably the greatest of all time.
hidro rfk : really nice game and gameplay.
wissam al-hafez : it is simply the perfect game.
hiranya chutia : i didn't find it interesting even 1%...nothing's there..what abt such mb ...it looks like a 2mb game
madi jf : thanks alot very very good game
pradeep dungdung : it's the android version of paradise
doctor monster : amazing game and excellent graphics.
a google user : perfectly developed and neatly done.
kel' thusad : evolution of mobile games at it's finest
sharad dutta : most wonderful game in the world. all that i can tell. the missions are
challenging yet achievable. thanks noodlecake!!!!!!!!!!
jacob acs : i think they should add a trick menu
ray dizzle ma nizzle : needs more tricks other than a back flip
senor cardgage : such things. many fun.
jarom strong : a beautifully simple game.
boopy bob : good game awsome graphics
joshua slingluff : just beautiful all around.
sean jackson : reason for 1 star is games keeps closing when im using wingsuit not nice when im in the middle of a mission or getting a new score the game is up there with the best but until this bug is fixed i wont be rqting any higher
black jackmore : it's a great game for bed
vishnu telloju : it's not entertaining
a google user : i only wish that there was more.
nishan saha : good time pass game ... with great relaxing background music good job developers...
monalisa chaudhury : addictive, adorable, attractive - alto
andrew sanders : ads are too intrusive.
lim mei lin : it sucks i dint done that mission and i keep restarting!what kind of game is this?pls make it better
zeeshan ahmad : love it.....but have one question : when will alto's oddessey be released ??? have been waiting for it since almost a year....
sigit purnama : it's keep force close
a google user : iam searching for a good game now i got it .......really i love this game its awesome
s e n p a i : just awesome!!!! addictive!!! but add more characters ..... or everything is awesome.... graphics are nice...
kenny leo chia : i lost my progress after i reset my device. even though i already synced my
progress with google play. please help
jazzy cat : it will not out me do a back flip
1 million subscribers challenge : change the logo of the game since the release its like that only
gautam koremilli : just loved to play this game.. nice controls..and time pass.
jeffrey niemann : my favorite, this and 2048.
jayash adlak : best mood game... it makes the mood
tyler dane : super fun, atmospheric, rider. 5/5, i would recommend to anyone.
null rien : its a good game but i wached a few adds but when i enter and exit it gives me 500 coins per a time and it can be spammed i will rate better i jist wanted to get your attention on this
steven carter : my stats don't show at all please fix
rahul raghav : the graphics and music is awesome
hani aziz : can't bear to wait for the next adventure anymore. been waiting for sooo long now. giving up. ........... .......... ....... ..... uninstall-ed!
chandar loha : perfect game to relax... amazing scenery... great work creators... keep it up..
shilbin raja : wow...i love to play it...very relaxing thanks to its zen mode...good job by the developers...
prabir das : its simple but good.
hemant kumar : a game worth playing.
not even gay tho : it's fun but to chill
shauna93 : great game. nuff said
st. buck : go on the play... be steady.... we are waiting for the next adventure
parvez ananta : it's have good graphics
paynterboi1 : 100 stars out of 20. just waiting for odesy
paresh bharia : how do i thank you for the zen mode... lovely:)
j buckly : couldn't hold a backflip at some times
aaron schwartz : endlessly replayability. simple and fun.
muhammad ahmad : one of the best games ever!
ahmed amjad ismail : excellent game. words can't do justice.
makhadina : i love thw background
a google user : very good of its kind.
sabu sebastian : it's amazing! love it
shamsad begum : it's graphics are awesome. it's very satisfying.
jitvan ramesh : it's like i've found the meaning of "life" with this game.....
yellowwarden : "i love the story and the idea itself."
immanuel nicholls : cannot play in the day time because it's too dark
abhinav : the theme is good...quite relaxing game
noprimos : i love everything about it. please make an alto's adventure 2.please
david naklapan : good app for spell some time...
rahul dahiya : it was fab game ,thaks to noodlecake to launch this games or more games
ryals family : it is awesome love it
jessica mccullough : i think it's awesome!
bea k : i love this game, it's awesome! :d
devin2231 : money grab to "revive"
vaibhav kumavat : epic game specially zen mode is lit...
gamersbelike aceves : i like the game because it doesn't have anyadds
raja sethi : best game.good graphics quality.l'm loving it.
a google user : it is awesome!just download the app,
ronitua s. : all in all, a two thumbs-up!
vlad dewitt : it's magic. wonderful
narind khajuria : great game.. super graphics.. into the world of snow u go..
alex guillen : so entertaining! love it!
ranjana khandelwal : the best game that i ever played...
lrsrf : the music is so good!!!! \(^0^\) (/^-^)/
travengamer : too many stupid ads!
shaylah a : love it, my go to game
maltaser : no ads so smooth
porsche' leach-stephens : i like the idea of the flips
jim bellic : serious flash back problem
a google user : latest update fixed the green bug... good!
naman raj singh : relaxing... waiting for the next part- alto's odyssey
r a j b h a r a t h : music background was awesome in this game... i love it..
andrew reynolds : a great game!
boyson the d-mus : its really a good game to chill with... real fun..
david kariu : great game. all day.
a google user : great game!love everything about it.
uais a. indreean : make you think you are skating in the alto's world
jamie sullivan : outstanding.... simple, elegant and addictive!
a google user : need's more level:-) ;-
radiation : amazing. 10/10. theres nothing more to it.
anmol singh : it's just awesome i love it.. !
eddie omobe : brilliant! and it's free!
sujeet mistry : music is one of the best!!
pratheek bhat : awesome and man the music is a gem!!
jeffrey harrington : it's great but are the buyable llamas stuffed animals or decoration?
ritesh khanna : awesome! beautiful play!
a google user : one of my favourite game...
wasif mahamud : it's just awesome
langano : sick game.
ee glo : best game ...osm graphics
wesley gawne : it was asome
prasanna chakranarayan : loved this game
jessica mabry : i love your game.
shivam tripathi : nice game and easy to play....
vignesh sivakumar : awesome game.... stress buster
rey son : better than coc
sr palash : it's amazing game ever
luke mahoney : this game is one of the best arcade game!!!!!
sibasish pattanaik : awsm one! i love it!...vert relaxable
bruce bassett : annoyingly greedy...
dhanunjay bhaviri : it's very very nice superb nice
kirwanto hanif : amazing grapich and sound.
joe trailers : it's very good, and the music is so satisfying
igho elvin : i love this game,
seth bettwizilch : great game!
volnutt : it's fun, it's cute, and i love the soundtrack.
lala : this is the best game ever.
a google user : really wonderfull game...relaxting too...
s b : very nice game !
pranav : what an work of art ....love it ...
ashwin arun : it's a work of art
alborz zahedy : wow..just wow...what a great game. ..
chayan das : tv version is getting sale, why not this? i would for sure purchase it then.
rushabh patel : what a fantastic game.....this game is coolest game ever....mind freshner game
a google user : it's great!
johnhey edzel : love it very much..
jack's_life boyy : it's fun and clir
a google user : i love the music.
vex is here : simply awesome :d
aquatic_ ox : it is so awesome!!!
sandy : thanks for screen shot feature...
a google user : annoying ads on launch
uba java : hate the game and ads
reese rhodes11 : really beautiful
c bennett : love the game but the ads there used to be no ads so why the change?
m h ifty : it's a wonderful game......i really like it.......
stephanie wilson : this is so lit.
bubble nugget 2 : it's so awesome
adam : too many adverts. spoils it.
a google user : an awsome,game
hrushikesh pentewad : better than the best.
a google user : simple and good game.
jaypee magno : really love this game!
noor babu s : nice i love this game
karl hargreaves : old version with no ads was great, but now?
skinnifishi : it's nice and relaxing
fatma elsifee : i swear this is the best game.ever
iman fozouni : this is a great one!
kaon gladiator : awesome,amazing graphic
n0vemberdude : free on android, but paid on ios? i'll take it!
aditya raj : additive and music is awesome ...
a google user : great game!!
scott taylor : plain old fun.
a google user : awesome game.nothing to work on
william sade de paiva : almost one ad after each race
jan baudisch : simple and great!
kaushila yogi : i love this game..
jack sheppard : addictive !
senpitrap 204 : i can't wait to play altos adventure2!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ankur sharma : how about a local lan multiplayer? :d where one player is alto and the other player is elder chasing him :d
ian : love the music.....and the gameplay
onur kader : really amazing!
nycto krypto : its great!!
kraad 03 : this game is awesome!!!!!
anil kumar : good time pass...
lina leontyeva : great game!!
jasim a : one word "beautiful"
nothing for now : one word. harmonic.
jm : relaxing!
himanshu kashyap : where's alto odyssey? it's about time now!
a google user : love everything!!!
mark durden : absolute best time waster
a google user : this game is so cool
coffey heywood : best game with sweet sounds
o p gaming : beautiful music very relaxcing
d2rk : the adventure is good and challenging
a google user : best game love the music
a google user : i love it is so cute
avinash vijayakumar : awesome game amazing graphics
samin bihongo : awesome time passing game
muiz mustaqiim : best game on android yet
a google user : easy and relaxing game
xzx4453 : this is a fun game for anybody
kim carriere : great game so addicting
imbored today : smooth gameplay music that fits
a google user : wonderful game just beautiful
yasmin shaikh : nice game and peaceful music
b-56 avishkar bhilare : this game is awesome and great
wilson zheng : very well made game
shadows arabic covers : the best game ever
mr. rob : easy and simple controls like it
yash pandit : best simple game for android
manju yadav : what an amazing game download it
rabani daniswara : realy enjoyed this game and soundtrack
lance van der merwe : amazing brilliant get this game
dj scaggs : i thac it is the best game ever
dhruv singh : it is very good game
a google user : this game is very good
gagan bhargava : nice and pretty good music
zlatan ilyasa n.f : the best game ever
a google user : the best game in the world
vinimure muriithi : the game is really relaxing
rizwan ul karim : cool game and attractive graphics
tinisha chetty : best snowboarding game ever
reza : amazing visual aspects and performance
miguel ramirez : really calming and incredible game
soumaya b. : absolutely love the zen mode
a google user : i think the game is cool
ruan barnard : awesome game. when is alto's oddysey launching?
arun12 : can you add some more additional content ?...
max weh : where is alto's odysee? can't wait!
peter simon : great graphics but boring
justin w : simply brilliant.
a google user : boring.
sebastian demarco : absolutely beautiful.
etson pierre : honestly an awesome
eli valley : simply perfect.
maysa cascaes : beautiful and relaxing.
erlou lacorte : great good
a google user : too many ads. you want us to pay to remove ads you put in in an update? what the hell?
elena dark : addictive and fun
ashley b : it's good
talan fabregas : it's cool
amuel hercules : easy & addictive
timothy pitts : it's cool
shaniqua mai-lee : very relaxing :)
deny rachman : very addictive..
brandon allison : the game was great but why did you add ads?
abhishek devgharkar : loving this app....
a google user : so intersting ......
rajat pandey : love it simply :-)
thomas hall : just download it....now!!!
sahan nanayakkara : i love this game
khili sharma : what's the point of collecting lamas..anyone?
hazuki : graphics are great;)
vinay khari : it is incredible.....
aritra paul : awesome.. thanks
kartik sharma : can't find characters
a google user : absolutely beautiful...............
anson aldrino : aesthetic
john gould : its bad
a google user : it is the worst
a google user : i hated it
a google user : easy simple and calming
funny scream : this game is beautiful
a google user : mind refreshing game
nila nilo : amazing games and beuatifful
juan carlos martinez : simply fun and addicting
zero : i adore this game
a google user : i love this game
ayanda luv : addictive but i love it
jasram meena : good adventure game
a google user : best of my opinion
mahadev singh : nice and cool game
christian yu : i love the simplicity of it
a google user : nature is calm
gertrude muwowo : awesome just graphics
dingle ling : its very calming
umar khan : really good game
aseef ullah : its a good game
a google user : the game is awesome
mark cisneros : really fun and relaxing
alexis ramirez : the graphics are amazing
a google user : amazing and chillout game
patil nd : it is very nice
dudeguyman77 : fun and super chill
aleksandar micic : not boring and relaxing
a google user : i loved it it was cool
hamza khan : amazing and good music
tell em sajuka : snow plus fun
rejo frinkle : superb game loved it
red one : relaxing beautiful and fun
joshua hoang : its soo beautiful
jolly james : best game to play
adrish majumder : scores are so good
a google user : very nice game
christa ickes : this game is amazing
ratul hasan riku : best of games ever
eric haden : amazing and environmentally beautiful
imman jesus : nice game really
a google user : i love this game
mark hernandez : the song was amazing
nirmala prabhakar : best timepass game
alistair gordon : amazing and fun and beautiful
colt wade chandler : i loved it to bits
mr. hacker and reasoner : an awesome game
shantanu ukkey : yes it is best game
myroslav sidorov : very relaxing game
a google user : out standing bgm
retro gone : its a good game
a r : best graphics best of best
ananthakrishnan m : when will altos odyssey will get released???
hamirsinh kumpavat : loved it ;)
anton kozhemyachenko : the progress hasn't been saved over device changing. here's why i change the rate 5->1
elbro : amazing sounds effect
d s : what. adventure. ???
jordan kush : when is alto's odyssey coming to android?
leon jordan : cool
diego reyes : love this
21pcs011_akash niranjan : game worth the your time
a google user : this game is so fanstictics
shailandra singh : my sister like this game
avijit sinha : amazed by the graphics and bg music
supun gihan : i so like this game
sooraj p : force close when using wingsuit
imconcerned : it has no green
kian maleki : very relaxing game
roshaun : it is so fun
uditha nanayakkara : full package for relaxing
shreya singh -8d : very nice gameplay
a google user : to good to be true
a google user : really good
linden morris : faarkn choice game
a google user : nic game play
savita kanitkar : the game is very lover
vasilii volohov : thanks for the game guys
mxshii : where is alto odyssey? plz answer me
arun pesari : simply good
amir hamzah : great game
prasad pant : simply a w e s o m e
aryan malik : awesome and amazing
mohamed mahathir : mind blowing
amir hakiem : pretty awesome
daniel gordon taylor : beautiful and calming
dima fel : love this game
pavel gondane : love this game
brandon gager : relaxing and fun
thein hah aye : love this game
may jay : best of the bests
firoz sharahudeen : simple and beautiful
a google user : great game
beef feeto : great game
mark burkart : great game
dylan luke : cool and nice
sacre blue : great game
abbi yoga : best of gabut
a google user : love this game
silvia albert : this is amazing
gamer gronk : simple and fun
pavao barisic : simple and addictive
white wallaby : really cool
forgotten time : pretty good
shawn ligocki : beautiful and serene
nice potato chips : its charming
momen elorbany : absolutely beautiful
jake cake : sucks and is good
kristian kimbrough : i the best
veer singh : cool miss
a google user : out standing
m.nazeeh ali : this is cool
patricia vasquez : cool people
a google user : it is cool
edward ekokor : piece of art
sushila choudhary : good graphic
a google user : great soundtrack
a google user : help full
a google user : cool game
ubayed robbani : good apps
zebilon marunyane : great game
takar dongo : include new maps and new items
sheep & mustaces : the.best.game.ever
vraj nagar : ++++++cool
carlos duran : cool
a google user : horrible
a google user : hated it
david collins : boring
andy san : hated it
wisnu : when will you release alto odissey for android?
gaurav : soothing
a google user : cool
aamaxx shack : relaxing
t ac : smooth
the ram : relaxing
kwndbjajaman : cool
talkable harp : cool
sayed sohan : easy
ashish agrawal : addictive
a google user : lol! it has some bugs in in-app purchase section,as you really don't need to purchase to get coins.
a google user : s-class
a google user : graphics are litty.
blaz mohoric : nothing special
baalamohankumar sivakumar : hell of job
a google user : 1 of the bests
anny mehdi : verrrrry peasful
notgabes : is sucks
anuj jhingan : remembrance of something
gabriel johnson : it is so
hassan bankston : everything
jimmy universe : to
nick jones : to get 500 extra coins every 2 seconds, click the + button next to your total at the bottom of your screen. choose to watch a video then press your home button to minimise the game. press your game icon on the screen and game will pop back up with 500 coins rewarded. keep alternating between your home button and game icon and watch them rack up. :d
a google user : i normally find games like this dull and boring after a few minutes of playing but i absolutely love this game. it's minimalist design and easy to pick up controls makes it more of an experience than a game. as all you need is one finger tapping the screen to play, it makes you look and absorb the scenery which, although simplistic in design, i find it strangely calming
artin : honetly, the game itself is pretty good, it's just the glitches that mame me give it only 3 stars. like, sometimes, the missions dont work. for example, one of the missions pretty early on in the game tells you to pick up a feather and a magnet in the same run. however, so far i have picked up two feathers and two magnets in the same run, and it still doesnt accept the mission as complete. could you please consider fixing some of these bugs, as i see some other players are experiencing them too.
will bonner : this is s5 start game all the way around when it looks right. i've had the pleasure of playing it before the last update wrecked the color scheme and it looked beautiful. now, all the objects and most of the background are green making it almost impossible to get any kind of a good run going because you can't really see the hazards :(
wesley d : great game, beautiful graphics, but it's got a couple weird bugs. one is pretty standard, the game crashes a lot since the last update. i've missed out okn thousands of coins, a new distance record, and a rather annoying goal because of that. also, and this is the really bizarre bug, the icon disappears from my app drawer and/or home screen. i have to re-install the game to see it again, though if i search for it on my phone i can still play it. very odd.
flotts : with a game development background, it's hard to see the mobile game scene and not laugh. most of the games lack even the most basic attention to detail and design consistency - it feels like the developers don't care. alto's adventure is mind-blowingly well made and some of the details that the developers focus on are even so small that most players won't notice. i was recommended this game by somebody who has an iphone and had to pay for it, and i wouldn't have minded having to pay for it myself. amazing.
dillen ekkerd : great game. it's obvious that the game makers took a lot of time and effort to create such an incredible game. it may have some buggs still hiding in some places, but none that can't be fixed. i personally love the "zen mode", it really does give the user a chance to appreciate the game without having to worry about scores and such.
scott degan : the game itself is great. simple, satisfying gameplay and a nice graphical style. there are some bugs in the ad integration and scoreboard though. the "watch a video" button to let you continue your run sometimes doesn't do anything. sometimes it shows the video, but fails to let you continue the run afterwards. very frustrating. the google play scoreboard doesn't seem to update properly either. these problems are minor and i still enjoy the game.
a google user : as of right now, the latest update broke the graphics on my samsung note 10.1 tablet. everything is a solid green. please fix this and i will upgrade my rating. edit: tried reinstalling game today, graphics are still broke and now i lost all my progress. oh well, time to uninstall for good and find another game
joseph hang : this is a pleasant game to play with very beautiful and calming music and the effect even more so when playing in zen mode. my one problem is the red guy chasing us on his llama is way too fast and very hard to escape from, even if you managed to build speed going down hill he is always right behind you in 3 seconds.
artem smaznov : the game is simply beautiful. i say bring material design style everywhere. so nice to play, and the fluent time of day and ambient change - nice touch. was a bit hard to play at night at first but once you get used to it it's ok. played for a few days, and still want more. the game seems to be pretty demanding on the hardware so wouldn't be surprised if it wouldn't run on low end devices.
jade watt : i remember a little a while ago when i got this app, i was sitting in bed unable to sleep. i think i had a big test the next day and the worries of it prevented me from relaxing. then i remembered this app, i had only played it a couple times and without headphones. i decided to give it a go, so i went into zen mode and plugged on my headphones. i was so surprised about how relaxing it was. i played it for what felt like hours, i felt so much calmer. eventually i stopped it the game, my mind was now clear and i was able to get a good night's sleep. whenever i'm stressed i play this game to help me relax, the normal gameode is also enjoyable. 5 stars and i most definitely recommend it, the graphics and music are amazing.
kieran : i enjoyed it for about an hour but the amount of bugs and issues are way too high to be a pleasant game. most of the bugs are really simple things and yet are still present, so i feel if dev's are that lazy then i'm not putting any time into this.
gustavo pampolini : regarding the game itself, this is a masterpiece. the gameplay, animation and soundtrack are amazing. i just wish it had more content to extend my gameplay and experience with this game. i've already played it through twice. cons: if you wanna flood the app with advertisement, that's okay, but please don't trick me on tapping on something that i don't wanna tap. the "play again" double tap trick is very cheap and annoying.
rachel s : i really like this game and play it constantly. there is a bug that doesn't let you continue even after watching the video, but i looked past that part even though it's a bit annoying. but i'm at lvl 21 and have completed all three missions, but on two separate occasions where i've had to smash through two rocks with one boost, it doesn't give me the completed mission notification. that's extremely annoying! i've never skipped on a mission and don't want to, just because the game won't give it to me. please fix these two bugs soon. thanks
a google user : i wish there' a save option so that players can resume their progress whenever their phones decided to screw up and forced a restart..
george waller : there is nothing wrong with this game, i play so many games and on every one i think 'should be different,' but not altos adventure. it is simple yet intricate, easy yet difficult, and peaceful yet interesting. this app has been perfected, and everyone should use it.
caleb cole : i love this game. it is fun and very replayable. however, recently when playing this game on the google pixel, i have noticed that the game seems a lot buggier. the game crashes intermittently and doesn't save data so any progress i made was gone. also, most of the time when i watch a video ad to continue, the game freezes and i have to close the app to fix the game. due to the recent bugginess i rated the game 3 stars.
amadeus gracius : lots off lags. the screen sometimes turns unresponsive making you cant jump. sometimes it also turns black and you must force shut off the app.
justin rose : game was #1for me until they added ads. now the game stutters making it harder to play, increasing the frequency of ads. ads also don't respect the volume settings, so you get startled by noise when you don't expect it.
jake e. : has started crashing right after every new game. have restarted phone but problem still persists. worked well up until about 50 levels and now lags. update please.
vijay sharma : game crashing after some time approx 2 to 3 mins only. please do something.
sumal sebastian : what a crap game. its offering extra life if we watch an ad video but i am not getting.life. already watched somany of such video s.
marco darian : awesome! simple but addictive! awesome game but still have a lot of bugs.example:1.sometimes when i blow a llama horn near the chasm,all the llamas jump into the chasm! or sometimes when i crashes,my snowboard flies into the sky :v but i still love this game!
ca onizuka : i really loved its zen mode, the point that it gives you a option to just relax and go on a stroll without caring about achievements and challanges, just pure isolation, you and the beauty of mountains. also its a nice way to perfect your skills.
tamil arasan : it's a feel good game with good music but the only two tricks are backflip and bunting grind.i expect more tricks like kickflip or barrel roll.
athanasios kyriazis : one of the greatest games i've played. can be played in a relaxing or intense manner according to your choice. nice environment music and effects.
shubham mandlekar : a very soothing and blissful experience. the graphics are serene and the background music is placating. it lures you into going there and relax.
rastko gojgic : you ruined it. first off all after the update game became choppy and laggy. plus the ads are very intrusive. otherwise it's an amazing game in every aspect. bring it back as it was.
peter saputra : the mountain, the trees, and almost all of the background is glowing light green color. idk if it's my phone or your design but please fix it very soon if it is on the design cz i love the game
rudolf alberts : night mode should be optional, then 5 stars. i can't see anything in night mode when i'm outdoors.. that makes half the playtime useless
gaurav pandey : men truly awesome combination of sound engineer and graphics devloper we r just loving the zen mode ever hats off..
stephanus budiwijaya : crashed a lot!!!!! decided to continue the game after a while and found this game is buggy 1. game won't resume after video is finished 2. crash to a rock when hover effect is active. 3. can't jump at all, need to restart the game. 4. game crashed during the play
julian lee : the video to continue run is super buggy. most times i just select end run. it either doesn't work or the video plays after but doesn't let you continue your run.
brandon p : this game takes the endless runner, a ridiculously simple premise for a game, and makes it something artistically beautiful. visually, it's reminiscent of a minimalistic version of portions of journey, complete with scarf.
a google user : great game but one thing is that the game randomly doesnt respond at times and freezes every time that i...watch ads (voluntarily)...i wont hold it up to the game as it's most likely some other apps trying to do stuff on my phone.
kathy palmer : i love this game! not only are the graphics & music beautiful but the game play is smooth & glitch free on both my samsung tab 4 & my galaxy note 5. the game itself is calming & challenging (but not frustratingly so) @ the same time.this game is a rare gem indeed!!
avijeet kumar biswas : cool game with amazing graphics. however occasionally it gets stuck in the middle of the game. i hope this bug is fixed soon.
the cartoonist : this game is amazing, from graphics, to simple and yet great controls, to the beautiful and calming music, there is only one problem, ads. it just gets annoying to deal with, and having to pay just to get rid of it.
kevin ._. : the music is amazing the only problem is i wasted 1,500 coins to revive myself but it froze
geo : this game really goes to show how much you can do when you take a minimalistic approach. the sheer simplicity of control, elegant visuals and heart-warming audio make this game one of the greatest any mobile game player could possibly get their hands on. beauty is this game. amazing!
shane lee : i can't jump sometimes. not sure if it's a common bug. i came back to this game after almost a year and it's buggy. i wish it stayed the same as before
kj smrtalc : only 2 stars because the "watch ad" feature when you crash does not work. until this bug is fixed low rating will remain.
kristan : one of the best apps. it's a really good app to vibe out to when listening to music and also just playing.
niharika sharma : major stress buster after a long day. waiting for alto's odyssey.
techy guy : alto's adventure is a very good game but developers should add new features in the game...liked its physics,gameplay,graphics.
gangamai ashok : alto is awesome but sometimes its little boring and there is no any special type of updates.
prashant : best time killer but after a while it will become boring i thing there should be a story mode in this game
rhone : great game with soothing music and good mechanics. a must have when bored
merry brigita : i love love this game so much. this is like my first sight game ever cos every aspect of this game are just so perfect, that this game is so addicting and satisfiying to play!
a google user : the games really fun and good, but recently the game just freezes which is extremely annoying especially when you've done a long run
izumi w. : keep saying tap and hold to avoid back flip. can't start the game
ax3r l1t3 : great game really cool soundtrack and unable to wait for alto's odyssey
nouman younas : the music is beautiful but it gets a little monotonous. please add more music.
age zijderveld : still crashes from time to time. i can't do the long duration achievements because of the app crashes
agam sehdev : just love the graphics. the sound of rain and thunder is so natural. play it with putting on headphones!
hugo vieira : can't watch ads after crashing. button doesn't work! also when it used to work, it wouldn't work randomly. fix that or no rating update!
matt johnson : so fun and addicting! really easy to learn but there's always room to improve and better your best score. the story mode is really fun and zen mode is amazing!
randy alvarez : constantly watching video for no reason. does not extend run.
a google user : this is the best game i have played on my android one (noughat) so far.
evelyn kelly : whenever i try to revive him by watching an add it glitches and shuts down
shahrukh masood hashmi : its insane man. graphics are trademarks and music is tremendously awesome
basim rehman : it would be nice if you add choice to the player to chose night mode, day mode, rain mode in the zen mode
nikhil kaushal : thank you developers for this blissful adventure..really one goes into another realm and the music is so soothing..specially in the zen mode..love you guys cheers !!
chahat sharma : i have a problem after the update it stop when i pick up a coin manget
amy a : i am very bad at alto. thank you for finally letting us purchase the ad-free upgrade so i can get back to the fun much quicker!
a google user : great game and no adverts (if you turn data connection off)
a google user : this game calms me down when i am angry.
hamad ahmed : incredible and outstanding for graphics and background score yet lacked a touch in gameplay. overall interesting to play especially the zen mode
adhyatma mansur : addicted to that rush! more quality game like this please, dev!
julie christianson : i love the app,it has lots of character's to unlock
matthew pettyjohn : the ads made a once zen game unplayable.
a google user : played this at a t mobile, someone left their phone loved the game. but seriously who doesn't put a lock on their phone?!
j dav : this game cheated me uot on the shop
afra anani : great game but..... ever since i activated the wing suit, the game keeps crashing... please fix this...
danielle t : such a breathtaking game! fun, too. the music is extremely relaxing. simple yet addictive!
satyaki mandal : one of the best low poly design templates i've ever seen
pak konchoro : soothing music background, nice graphic. best game for lay back person
gaming king : very simple game. only back flip and u need more improvement for this game.
hannah chau : it was amazing all that is that you should add is different items to get and new character
a google user : this is a very relaxing game. the graphics and music calms me almost instantly.
jason richmond : one of my favorite games, has a lot of replayability.
talha ahmed khan : it's a beautiful game with brilliant graphics and atmosphere along with it's addictive gameplay
amber wawa : i think it has a mix of action and exiting in a good way
potato bag : the grafics are amazing and on zen mode u can really zen out
zack hall : altos anventur is the best game ever becue its fun and easy
random shit : love this game but wish you could do more tricks
ayush singh : awesome game but u there should be more characters and powerups
yaro_ chan : made me cry tears of joy
marcelo de carvalho : game crashes every 5 minutes. unplauable.
atha riadi bisma : the graphics is awesome and the song is relaxing. how wonderful!
millennium decade : this is a really good game, featuring great music.
michael jay : need to add more upgrade.
moto k : what a great graphics. the fantastic graphic and music are affected each other and it makes a fantasy world.
mahmood ur rashid : the most beautiful game i ever played . i would like to thank the creators of this game for creating such a beautiful game .
a google user : this is very good game i love this game so much
kids forsythe : it is awesome just needs more characters
a google user : it is more then interesting. but not at all. thanks
ily miseri : when i tapped i didnt even get a centimeter off the ground. fix it please
nb spice - : it's such a great game and fun!
uzair nisar : beautiful game, gets really addictive with time.
arbaz ali : where do i report any problem ? i hve a screenshot the whole screen's gone green.
parker : good. it's so aesthetic i love it
karthik karthik : i love this game and location lam waiting for the alto's part2
bicatzu -849 : best games and great controls and great graphics and the sound
adrian goran : we need more mobile games like these
matthew cox : a fantastic game with spectacular graphics and great gameplay.
a google user : this game give me strenghth when i feel bad i play this game and feel happy
in coming 1000 years no one can make like this game
tusarkant jati : love you guys who have developed itttt
maddyology : awesome landscape is awesomeeeeeee game controls are cool and smooth
a google user : i'm completely in love with alto... the most beautiful game ever... please bring in more features though
quinn wylie : its so fun, its the best game!
adam mueller : note 8 issue fixed.
bees : addictive and very beautiful! not many ads at all
kian ahsihda : marvelous game every with a great beauty.
william denham : nice pick up and play game.
al insaniya : i love it its very simple tnx
alex golden : i love tis game the music is amazing
mohammed farhat : the game is one of my all time favourite mobile games but i had way better experience on ios due to performance issues
j. silva : simple, beautiful and entertaining. highly addictive.
sujoy das : loved it can't wait for altos oddesy
robert gephart : fun endless runner. love the soundtrack.
guerilla fighter : having great experience with this game. enjoyments are unlimited
padz : the background was color green
neha sisodiya : it's a mind relaxing game fr every1
vasudevan angamuthu vasudevan : this makes our mind peace
dj : the most peaceful game ever
h.r. rahman : i think it's the best game i ever played....its awesome...u really need 2 try it...
bivash majumder : my fev games of all.. none can replace it..
navajyoti roy : i love the music scale. it's mesmerizing.
a google user : love this game but, 75% of the time when you watch a video to continue, it freezes and forces you to use coins or quit game and start over!!! i guess i should purchase the game and it will stop???
scott petersen : yay, now there are ads! (uninstalls)
jolo serra : awesome game. highly recommendable
vaibhav shahare : awesome game,.truly addictive..completed all levels., waiting for the odyssey version ..
harry gill : simple and beautiful - meditative gaming
pranav shinde : catchy and a sexy game
nicholas turgeon : i've had this game for a long time, and then all of a sudden, there's ads. i've never had ads before, what gives?
jawless jenkins : this game is....is....there's just one word to describe it : amazing
joey gomez : great game! really peaceful
anubhav deka : very calming. very nice.
cb gamer : wow ... awesome experience..... love it man .. very very cool
avinandan roy : just awesome!!! keep up the good work
katherine norgren : it's so awesome.
ray knowles : amazing! enough said!
bitter sweet : we can't revive using 'watch a video' option? that sucks
a google user : it's the best game
sen varghese : really addictive game!!!
089_muhammad salman satria agung : the game is awesome!!!
cliff jumper : absolutely nice game and sounds relaxes your mind........
the northeasternboy : amazing graphics and the music!!
baji hurdler : i love this game & entartinment
neel .h : one word.... 'addictive'
fe almogela- bacungan : this game is good !,!!!!z,z
a google user : download it with ur eyes closed...... just awesome
a google user : it is cool!!!!!!!!!!!
pet universe : great app!!
aaron chettiar : so cool to play the game
felix songwe : addictive game great music
jesse : idubbbz is better than ricegum
a google user : it's beautiful
jas'on bolden : awesome gameplay
sabarinath : it's nice
wasim feroz : experiencing crashes :/
marat karimov : the best game of this type
a google user : this is an awesome game
shakil loyeds : nice game for relaxation
lucky alamsyah : i love this game
sirious sustaita : its a good game
a google user : this game is lit
dylan evans : it is so great
kurt garcia : this game is awesome
venkat rao : i like this game a lot
alex permenter : fun and relaxing game
daimyr tate : the game is amazing
ram kumar : really fun
rishabh raj : its calms the mind
manoj agarwal : absolutely stunning
a google user : cool game
cancer : pretty good
evan li : very relaxing
marc vincent libo-on : wonderful thing
a google user : incredible
rafael vila : challenging
daliya sarkar : what a game for time pass
m.r gaming : thanks for this game
tommy fox : this used to be my favourite game, ive unlocked all the characters and completed the goals. today i opened it up to play and found that they'd changed it so that ads play after every run and to remove this you have to pay like 6 bucks. it used to be that you only had to watch ads to use revives. sucks now because it's basically an ad for every 2-5 mins of gameplay. too greedy.
andruya liestyandi : it's name should be maya's adventure coz alto is suck. it would be 5 stars if not hav any bug. several bug was coins sometimes not captured when in highspeed, jump height is inconsistent, watch ad doesn't give u 500 coins. update could be done to add speedometer, elder hav consistent speed chase, light from fullmoon, aurora skies background, adding frontflip. overall it is an amazing game.
prattush sethi : i returned to this game after 1 year and it has become mote awesome. i like the zen mode very much. the graphics are so soothing that sometimes in the zen mode i intentionally trip and keep sitting there to enjoy the changing colours of the game due to the passage of day and night in it. the music is a treat for the ears and removes any stress of the hectic schedule of whole day. hats off mr. nesbitt
sarah garcia : the ads in the latest update have really messed up the game. basically makes it unplayable. either they don't load (so you can't revive your character without spending coins), or it freezes the screen and you have to quit. i like this game a lot, but its become very hard to play knowing there's a chance you wont be able to continue the game after watching an ad.
robertgrigg76 : this game was great and the clever way you implemented the ad's didn't take you out of the zen quality of the game, you know the reason so many people loved it! but with the recent update you have made the game almost unplayable it can only lead me to believe your valuing money over the great experience the players were having not going to lie probably going to uninstall very disappointed!
kadir malikov : it errors at beginning after last update. the screen freezes with some pixels and some codings for about 5 seconds. and now i can't watch ads for coins it allows to watch one ad only and doesn't give coins. it works any funtion after clicking 2 or 3 times... fix it plz its a great game.
nikolay borey : the game is great, but guys, please fix the bug where to revive character you watch a commercial but nothing happens and you have to start over again (had good wifi connection) or spend coins. and another one, when revive option appears, but you can't even watch commercial (no matter how many time once or several you click) and clock just disappear.
giorgos tsamis : the game used to be fantastic. i don't know if it's the oreo update or the ads that make it super laggy and almost unplayable (the fact that the ads themselves are intrusive and very responsive helps a lot) but what i have now is a very bad experience in what used to be one of the most fluid games.
alen nalic : easy to learn and very responsive controls . simple but pretty graphics and sound (u can play your music app in the background too) you unlock different types of characters (fast one, quick back flips, high jumper etc...) very fun casual game . i play while on the metro or bus . only game i never uninstall . really worth a try . thanks to the producers. only negative is they recently added ads but although annoying they are not obtrusive as they come up now and then when you've just crashed and are starting over
devendra damle : great game but the reward systems do not work based on watching videos do not work. watching ads to get coins has not worked even once. for reviving the character it has worked exactly once. also, for some of the full screen ads, the cross in the corner to close them does not work. i have to restart the app
travis lauver : this used to be a great game. then they did an update and the ads over ran the game. and the watch a video to continue doesn't work anymore. i'd pay .99 maybe 1.99 for the ad free version, but they have lost their mind asking 5.99 for no ads and no extra game.
corey voelker : after recent update, the ads are too intrusive to the gameplay and appear after almost every run. imo, the price for no ads is too high, even though the game is well made. i will not play this game as much as i used to before the update due to this frustrating "addition".
sean cotter : great endless runner style game. i loved the quality, and while there continue to be issues with juddering gameplay when there is a lot happening on screen, or often geapgics glitching when there is a llama stampede, or when while going fast you simply go through pickups instead of... picking up, i still enjoy playing even after completing the core gameplay. what i can't forgive is receiving adverts after paying for the premium 'advert free' unlock
red cloud : before i say anything, please fix the glitch where if your listening to 3rd party music the app turns the volume down a little bit and after the "premium version" has been added i've been having much more ads than i used to. this is paid on apple but not on android and i love that! i also love the animations and the art style of this game. the music gives it a nice touch and a good rhythm while your catching llamas and doing backflips.
ahmed aldoseri : wonderful game, been playing it frequently and almost exclusively for about a year. helps me relax and think. the recent update shattered that for me with its unusual addition of ads. i'm not going to fork out 4.99 to stop ads; it's cheaper to buy a new game. thanks for ruining this beautiful app.
dre dan : played this twice on my previous phones, all the way through. really enjoyed the game. even got the sequel and played that all the way through. both of them, i bought the ad-free version of. i went back to play this a third time through and guess what, it wants me to pay again to get rid of ads. why should i pay for a game twice? not cool. i made sure i was logged in with google play and there are no options for importing any account settings. i deleted my 5-star review and replaced it with this 1-star review as a result. that's the last dollar i give this developer.
christiaan j. b. : this must be the best mobile game to ever be made! if i could i would rate it 6 stars. adding a multiplayer feature, an endless mode (no coins to make it fair) and more music and environments would make the game more fun to play and attract more attention. i really hope you'll consider adding these features, i just know they'll make the game much better!
etho burrow : look at these reviews, noodlecake. look at how many people you've made angry because of your greediness. please, just stop with the ads. in my previous review of this game, i said "you've implemented the ads in a clever way" - this is no longer true. revert the changes or lower the adfree price.
b mint : i was playing the display tablet thing at a apple store. saw this game, played it, loved it! so i asked my sis for a sharpie then wrote "altos adventure" i found it just now and i love this gamereeeeee
espyn sem : i would give it 5 stars but sometimes if you watch an ad to continue playing after you've died, the ad doesn't work and you have to play again. what also happens a lot is if you watch an ad for more coins so that you can skip a quest it doesn't give you any coins so you basically watch an ad for no reason. it gets pretty annoying.
jamie hagenbuch : a wonderfully simple and visually pleasing action game where you snowboard down an endless mountain, chasing llamas, avoiding obstacles, collecting coins and pulling off astounding tricks. unlock different characters and upgrades and experience the ever changing nature in this highly replayable adventure.
jett will : overall an amazing game with challenges and characters that i enjoy playing as. i would give it a 5 star review, but i'm having trouble with a bug. sometimes i'll watch a video for a reward (reviving my character, getting 500 coins, etc) but i won't get the reward. i know it's only 30 seconds, but it still wastes my time.
shreyansh jain : for the ones who like a game not just for passing time but also to relax. get drowned in the most beautiful soundtrack on all of play store in the zen mode. and the sounds of rain and birds while skating. amazing. this is by far the most relaxing game i've played. a must have in our apps.
shounak : this game is a great mind refresher. going through beautiful landscape with
a nice music, leaving all the stress behind. sleepy ivory snow mountain,
beautiful sunrise, rain and snowfalls, peace is painted everywhere. skating
smoothly through all these, just gives a feeling of paradise.. it's not a
game, it's a fairy tale.
matt fryatt : where to begin? with the good i guess. this game is great, simple to play and highly relaxing. the music is a little repetitive but you don't really notice, and honestly a 4-5 star game. but sadly i can't rate it higher because even though i have paid for the full version via in app purchase it still keeps putting ads onto my phone gallery via unity add cache. come one now, this should not be happening. so until you fix this problem i can't rate higher than a 3 which is a shame as it deserves more. please fix this.
a google user : very nice game but totally broken continue system. "watch a video" either doesn't do anything, just stops the timer but nothing else, results in "video unavailable" or shows final fantasy ad video and then does not continue. it's no fun in higher levels, because it's so hard with no continue.
viktor taranenko : opens up without issues only after initial installation. when trying to open the game for the second time, i get a black screen. but i clearly could hear sound effects of normally running game. it is even possible to start the run. model: samsung sm-510f kernel version: 3.10.61-117725 dpi@swdd6112 #1 build number: nrd90m.a510fxxu4cqg1
a google user : i really enjoy this game,i truly do. but i have to dock it some stars because of the way that adds affect the experience, which is a real shame. adds interfere with the mood of the of the game because you have to cancel your way out of them after almost every run, and even cancelling them is a bit glitchy. worse yet, the adds suck up a huge chunk of data. as i look at my stats, i realise that i'm using about 40 mb per hour of gameplay with this app. this is a big problem for someone with a small data plan like me. the music is pleasant. the art is beautiful in a cute way. the challenges are well-varied, and the zen mode is super relaxing. it's a shame that i can't give this game the five stars that it deserves.
connor pilatus-coolican : beautiful game and great gameplay. however, a tad glitchy. the timing for
jumps is off even though the game runs smooth, and there are also sound
glitches that ruin the soundscape. if these can be fixed or atleast
addressed, i will rate 5 stars.
speedepitomised : altos adventure is amazing. racing down on a snowboard, chasing deer with snowflakes falling, lush trees above your head with a stunning backdrop of mountains and the sun slowly sinking over the horizon. great game to play when you just want a peaceful, no wifi game. nice job :)
brandon buford : would be higher if there weren't as many bugs. the whole screen crashes when hit a rock and crash. and i can't watch an ad to continue, or earn the 500 coins. it just won't let me. i have a hard time stopping playing though
divya jotwani : the game is simple and brilliant. i would love to see future updates with better upgrades. also the real annoying feature is video not being able to play during revive and upgrade. please work on this as you are missing your advertising revenue and we are missing our revive.
reinis skujenieks : beautiful. a game that doesn't really need a lot of skill, but is very chill and calm. the game can be as difficult as you can make it. as a true searcher for a perfect game, this is one of my favourites. tru this b out! it's incredibly fun, ngl.
sonia zhou : i have no games on my phone and this game is the only one on my phone. i'm not a big game player, but this has changed the way i play games
arif syamsudin : a very amusing and entertaining. the only limitation playing this game is my hand capabilty of holding the handset. a bit of complain. this latest-update version is quite buggy. lots of restarting, especially when the in-app ads appear. please fix the problems. thank you
a google user : this was definitely my favourite game. but then they added all the ads with the new update. now, to play without ads you have to pay $6.99 cad which really sucks for a game that used to be pretty much ad free. but, despite the ads the rest of the game is flawless.
lone walling : this was amazing. see, these are the games the world needs. not only is the music beautiful, but the graphics and scenery are lovely and soothning, and yet the game is challenging. these are the games i look for. games like altos adventure and the trail. it's sad that i can only name two great games. bravo you guys. bravo.
jan ybema : i loved the game since its release back in '15, but then this new update destroyed the game for me and on top of that with no extra content. this is an unbelievably poor move from the developers. why?!?!? this was my number 1 go-to when i wanted to chill. i would have given 0 rating due to the ads if this game wasn't so damn awesome. sad times indeed ;(
th35leeper : old alto is a masterpiece! i'm on android 5.1.1 (old sony xperia tablet) and the 1.5.1 alto patch made my game unstable. this patch feels like some one who has never played alto is monetizing alto to fund odyssey. i get it and would love to play, or pay, for a great sequel. if it's the quality of alto's adventure, you can really feel the love that was put into the coding. wonderful procedural generation!! please continue to improve with new updates considering all devices players use. however i'm really happy that my google account works so well to save my progress. i was able to uninstall and install 1.4.4 from uptodown and keep my progress flawlessly with google account.
rachel momof3 : i have been loving this game, but now there's a bug that won't allow me to watch videos to revive my characters, so i end up losing progress on my goals. when i tap the watch video button, nothing happens, or if it plays a video, it freezes after, and i have to exit the game. very irritating!
max pitcher : the only reason this is three stars is because the ads are intrusive and happen after every run. it would be nice if instead it would be a bottom bar or something at the end but when the ad sometimes lasts about as long as i played it gets annoying.
sudhangsu debnath : i think this is one awesome game. just except one thing. make the transitions from day to night and vice versa a little slower. rest awesome. keep up the good work.
joe hogg : the day/night cycle could be improved ad i feel i'm always playing at night making it hard to see rocks. sometimes menu buttons are slow to respond and the jump backflip controls could be improved as sometimes a jump is nulled with a backflip making it hard to jump chasms. apart from those small issues a really nice way to relax and have fun
nhat minh nguyen : can't tell how much i love this game. simple, yet beautiful and very satisfying. you can play this all day and all night long.
kaelin prusa : beautiful little game. cute alpacas, lol. couldn't have asked for a better zen mode, it's definitely one of my favorite apps to use to chill out. time of day and weather changes as you play keep every run like a new one.
prath : give us more updates on gameplay. waiting for the update. should have a story line or something to spice things up.maybe a career mode would be awesome.
ezerium : after i updated, there's a problem on the starting screen. when it also comes to control, sometimes it loses control making me watch until its death. please fix.
jake hallgren : doesn't work on the note 8 smoothly such a shame because i love the game. do this and i'll rate 5 star again
paul hatfield : i use to love this game, now i'm unistalling it as it is now unplayable with the new ads. i may have been able to tolerate them as i do with others, but the are poorly implemented. very sad.
matt vance : pretty fun waste of time. updated the game. now has adds when you start and finish a run. completely ruined the game for me. don't care to see your ads 25x for an hour of game play. will be deleting.
avtar singh : awesome game but one problem. you should insert a program that we can play our own music during game play instead of default music
phil vance : latest update is frequently hanging after ads, particularly the final fantasy ads. addition: now hanging on the ad after the second crash every time.
mohsen derakhshan : please remove stones & other accidents in zen mode. it would be much more relaxing. thanks for good game.
abhijay paul : honestly, the controls were a bit hard to grasp at first but once i got used it this game became out to me. with its great art style and satisfying stunts.
stuart paterson : absolutely fantastic game. my favourite mobile game. but i can't believe they added these type of ads. they're so invasive and frustrating they completely ruin the experience. there must be another way of doing it? i would pay the premium charge to remove them but that should be because i like the game, not because the ads are toxic
aj jacob : changing rating from 5 to 2. the revive button is an integral element of the game and has become extremely unstable after ecent updates. most of times it doesnt work and sometime it doesn't revive you even after watching ad.
shifu shikder : so bad game i don't llke that game and i love gta 3 pizz grapic 4.3 and game play 4.4 pizz givr
bryan wuschke : too many ads on the recent update. now i'm not willing to okay this once great game again.
randy luhrs : beautiful game all around. controls are solid. the only thing that bothers me now are the ads =/
sterwin fernandez : hey this game really good and music so loved.. it's beautiful motivated one music.. when u play the this that time u feel very relaxing.. super game
eric s : when the ads pop up the game freezes for up to 15 seconds. glad i didn't update this app on my main phone.
a google user : beautiful graphics, the changing weather is a really nice touch. music is nice as well. very addicting game, i dont get bored of it like other games. highly recommend!
hankyul lee : static ads are okay. but either fix the game freezing post opt-in ads or lower the adfree price.
manas soni : thus game is very helpful to releasing tention.and other thought. this is very addicted game.and thanx for do zen mod free.
jacob johnson : i absolutely loved this game until they ruined it with these ads. this was the first game i got on my phone and i always went to it to just relax but this update has completely ruined it.
anthony tsourounakis : controls simple to use, but takes time to master. graphics very good, but sometimes hard to see snowboarder clearly. (important to me if i want to land upright). music is appropriate and enjoyable to me.
pulkit mathur : the game is good but there are quiet a few bugs, especially in the revival option. it makes you watch a video but no revival.
brian james massimetti : recent update ruined this game based on the volume of the ads. they appear way too often and the purchase value of the ad free game isn't worth the money. rip alto
cade : the game is brilliant, i love the graphics and the overall concept of the game, however i think it could be improved by adding more purchasable items such as clothing, colours or even new characters, i don't feel like the add free version is worth buying at the moment due to the lack of purchasable items, but as soon as more items and such is added, it will be a must buy for me!
bharath krishna : every time after i try to revive the rider after watching the full video, the rider is not getting revived. hated it. 8 out of 10 times it's happening like this
xander : used to be a great game backed by a developer that didn't force ads down your throat unless you wanted to watch an ad for a bonus or retry. but now it seems the developers have become greedy, and now have plastered the game full of ads forcing young buy an ad free version. shame on all of you, what you were not making enough money before that you had to screw over your core fan base since launch? i defended developers like you that were changing the free2play market with quality fun that's backed by unobtrusive advertisements. but i can now see that your no better than anyone else now. thanks for ruining the dream.
andrew beaty : this game was fantastic... emphasis on the was. the addition of ads has ruined the game, i wouldn't mind watching ads to continue before but now you want us to pay to remove them. sounds like this game wasn't making as much money as it was before.
luiz freitas : a recent update introduced very intrusive ads. i'm not against ads, it's just that it reduces my interest in keep playing the game because the ads get in my way. not nice.
hyun soo han : love the game, but if an ad shows up, i have to restart it completely or else the jumps stop working. every other button and touch works, but jumps are inexistent. if fixed, will change to 5 stars
andrew vincent : really nice game. wish you could see further ahead so you can do more tricks without crashing. there are still several bugs that show adds after paying.
bodge hubbard : the games is very pretty and relaxing. however there are a few flaws such as, sometimes when youvevinnished with the wing suit you fall straight into a chasm. but it isn't frustrating it just funny to me.
andreas bohm : lately there is a really annoying delay with any input. i press the button, nothing happens for had a second or so and only then it's registered by the game. this applies to all controls as well as menu options. extremely annoying.
a google user : very nice simplistic game, the controls are really smooth and the graphics are very nice, not too sharp.
jestami : it's cool to see such a great game come from such a small company stationed in my home city (saskatoon). keep it up guys. this is my favorite game by far from you.
dave price : update has ramped up the adverts substantially, was very reasonable, but just seems greedy now.
david orr : terrific game, but a few nagging bugs. frequently, after choosing to watch a video to extend life, the resume game function will not work. also, the jump function randomly decides not to work - typically at the beginning of a game, not in the middle of a game i've started.
navindra ryan persaud : clip through power ups and the "watch a video" to revive option glitches and doesn't revive you then just completely stops working. fun game otherwise.
a google user : do not buy the premium upgrade. the free version allows you to continue a run twice if you watch an add (like 3 lives) the premium version removes this. i expected the premium to give the revives auto, but no - you don't get to continue at all. so you pay to remove funtionality.
pratyusha amanchi : in all honesty, this is the best game i've played. the zen mode is another level altogether. good going guys! thank you for this wonderful experience.
obada ojjeh : this game puts me in a happy mood. i would definitely suggest to play it in zen node (endless)
carson jones : just picked up the new note 8 and this game is super-jittery on it. lots of playback issues making the game un-playable. with hardware like this, the game should be buttery smooth but it's not.
a google user : fantastic game but the new ad structure is intrusive and disappointing. i will likely move on because of the ads.
a google user : you guys just ruined a game that i enjoyed for the past 2 years in both android and ios. too much ads. its ok to have ads but these is too much
stoked artist : i loved the game it's very smooth gameplay is great but is it 3d if it is can y'all make it hd.but please make and hd option and a 3d option in the options menu that would be really helpful if people wanted to play in 3d or hd.
matthew dargis : i paid for the ad free version and i just got a pop-up ad. that is not what i agreed to when i paid money for an app i otherwise like. the game is good, lying about an ad free experience is not.
floppakg : i have this on my windows 10 i pad and everything else it's the best ski game ever
sajinth sakthitharan : sometimes after i have watched a video my character just goes through rocks and i can't jump. great game though!
ryan thomas : used to be pretty fun but the last update added ads each time you wreck and it's pretty overbearing now.
a google user : the music is absolutely amazing. also the game is very interesting and its a new experience. i would suggest this game to everyone.
aidan cross : well, this game was great. as someone recently said, i would gladly pay premium to support the game rather than it be necessary to even play. thanks for disgracing another great game with a plague of ads.
pridemore : uber relaxing game the zen mode is nice very enjoyable controls are simple tapping the screen or holding easy for anybody to master.
daisy vaughn : jump over rocks, snowboard down the mountain, snore, whatever. nice graphics i guess.
link 229 : amazing great it's a great way to relax and to just enjoy my time i love it and everything about it it's also great for distracting myself
konark vyas : please add some new characters in this.. its a beautiful game and i appreciate it percent.... but i'll love to see some new characters and new missions
patrick biegun : amazing, you have to get this game. one of the best games i have ever played, great graphics, gameplay, controls, and it's really addicting
yak : beautiful to play. simultaneously challenging and relaxing. beware the premium upgrade: you lose the two free revives. i thought they'd be ad free after upgrading, but instead they're gone and you have to spend significant gold on apparently one-use revive items instead.
a google user : absolutely stunning graphics -- i could play this game every day and notice something new each time. the music is also enchanting; i listen to the hour-long loops on youtube. definitely worth the download.
beefy burrito : i can't change my character please help i'm on android so please fix
robbie rolfe : calming way to go to sleep if you cannot get off your phone at night.
gordon notawiz gower : you didn't just add a premium ad free option. you added a ton more ads and automatic clicks to force the premium option. fun time waster but now it's just a waste of time.
zachary musotto : used to be a great game until adds were added now i constantly lag out mid game.
gansta boss : okie, you guys need to explain why "reviving alto by videos" stop workingter several times. additionally, night time lasts longer than day time and dusk is really short, why?
katie : beautiful scenery especially when it's sunrise. love the music and when it's raining. also the birds chirping are so relaxing. overall great game!!
willy ricardo : uninstalled. this new version just want to feed player with lot of ads. i really enjoyed previous version with less frequent ad. now it like a piece of junk. 1 ad per run.
jacob salazar : 5 stars for graphics, on the down side its hard to make jumps over the caves even small gaps, another down side is the lack of coins, i literally played for weeks before i could upgrade to the higher prices upgrades.
a google user : such a great game i forgot everything that i'm worried for &free me from stress
akash sannyashi : beautiful music and view. smooth and easy control. a great time killer for a lonely person.
bozhidar rangelov : i just loved it all around, it is fun, challenging and you can even play it
in short bursts if you want.
mr. kattan : the game works great on iphone 7 and 7 plus but it is very glitchy on galaxy note8.
rune : disappointed at adding advertising and premium to remove them, i already paid for the coin doubler because i felt the game deserved such for being well made and excuted, however all goodwill has ended at this betrayal of people who already surported the game.
eddard stark : super fun, addicting, challenging (at times) game. perfect for killing time and relaxing.
saliha kaa : its amazing i highly recommend this game its so relaxing but still has a very interesting and addictive gameplay
molly : amazing game! would play this all day, every day! thing is... i find having the elder really annoying and gets increasingly harder the further i go. apart from that... i love this game!
prabal chakrabarty : great graphics and awesome music. i love it. but i have a question. what is the next part off alto's adventure.
jamie : loved this game until the latest update. premium upgrade? no thanks, you've ruined the entire vibe of the game, glad i'd already completed all of the challenges, can uninstall with minimal regret.
samuel dunn : made the in game purchase to remove ads. the ads then returned within the day, complete with cheesy prompt to make a "one time" purchase to never see ads again. killed the whole app for me. was otherwise fun.
t walker : have to leave a new review. these guys gave us this game for free, no ads for years. they deserve money for this game! deal with a few ads! so good
angus heath : pretty good, but absolutely chews up the battery like nothing else
lacrima mea : damn, i like this game but bugs really annoy me. i'm furious
omar nassar : it is a very good game like ski safari but calmer and with a mission i just wish when i do a backflip that i don't wanna do that i can tap the left side of the screen and flip the other way like in ski safari
dux astrorum : great fun, and attractive art style. great break time game
upender sanga : one of the best game on play store. the flat graphics looks fresh and music is awesome
shawn sochaski : this used to be my favorite game. but they got greedy. what a shame. now ads ruin the experience. delete!!!!!
a google user : very well made, good graphics, flying lamas, challenging gameplay, easy controls. like this game a lot
erin tolleson : beautiful! these designs and graphics are flawless. it's very relaxing. please make a multiplayer mode! i showed this game to my friends and we all play it now!
sarah tonkin : i think this game is amazing. it is really fun, and the graphics are amazing. my friend recommended me to play it and i am now.hooked.
rahul chavda : sometimes tap and jump don't work i need to restart game for that, and many times watch video(ad) button also not working..!
maquita williams : this game is amazing if you love partkore and you dont love this game you
must be crazy but this is awsomeeee
mj truck body dehradun : so bad to know i can't sync my old alto's data.so bad
abhik roy : one of the most gorgeous game i've ever played on the mobile. accompanied with simple gameplay mechanic.
a google user : very good graphics mix greatly with a lovely music to create a great atmosphere, really nice game
caleb ng : i loved alto it was beautifully made which made it very addictive to get lost in the game. however they recently added advertisements within the game which made it very distracting and a huge turn off. i no longer play.
jake : it was a good game, my favorite offline game untill...they added ads. now they charge you to remove ads.
sreehari santhosh : nice game play very addictive luv it good graphics remembrence of christmas nd eve, halloween
gatorade x : dude, good in all, but if you tap and hold, it kills you for no reason.
chris fowler : used to be a great game but they've f*@$!ed it up by adding ads left, right and centre! absolute joke!
a google user : beautiful. in zen mode the music us so motivating and wonderful. i love this app the grphicams are amazing and pretty stunning too. love the gameplay characters and cute llamas and it is challenging enough but not too hard. love it!!!
sudhamadhuri devupalli : it's a very good game with simple controls and good back ground music and zen mode is simply superb
paul little : beautiful, addictive & challenging, rarely feels unfair, unlike some endless runners.
abishek pillai : i cant revive alto even after i watch a video its just so annoying nd sometime the video doesnt show up please fix it!!
lucas smith : don't pay to upgrade it's a waste of money, makes the game more difficult!!! thanks for ripping me off
s g : from the game play to the graphics, mechanics, music...it's a stunning, interesting game featuring some of the best aesthetics i've seen in a game
artemis : great game simple gameplay, minimalist design, great graphics, artistically beautiful & its calming loved it
manpreet juneja : if only i could give an extra star after 5..that's how beautiful this game is
brick dude228 : an amazing experience. not surprised it won standout indie.
michel kpodo wisdom : i love the game.. it's a nice game and i like the game sounds but i think the character should be a little bigger
isaiah bailey : very well made game with beautiful graphics and pleasing music. the background is very well made and not an eyesore
pankaj khati : it is a very excellent games and the positive thing that the graphics of the games is pure and good...loving it
dillon vandergriff : good game, but the new forced adds are not cool. period.
celene reyes : i love this game the graphics, the songs it's all wonderful best game i've ever seen! dude
runninronin runninronin : have you seen skydancer? i guess if you change pov of the game like it must be awesome. i wonder how llama's ass will look like
kennedy keltner : love it!!!!so addicting!!!! i play this awesome game every day and every night. it is also really relaxing for when i go to sleep or when i'm stressed
maggie foshee : this is a challenging,relaxing,fun and simple game. i am so happy i downloaded this!
kobe cuerdo : the graphics are great and all, it's just the bugs and glitches
jaiden cloudy : what ? there are now ads on the death screen ? is that some kind of bad joke ? i'd love to rate it 5 stars if there were no ads (excepted when you ask for it), but seriously... that's really horrible.
keanu kerr : thanks for including a one time purchase to remove all the ads, the game is well worth it.
mr greedy : it's a beautiful game with nice graphics and a soulful music with a good sound effects!
justin lavoie : very relaxing, nice experience. the graphics are amazing. truly one of a kind game
a google user : so relaxing music its makes me fall asleep sometimes lol
jessie lau : beautiful game. the art is amazing and the soundtrack is mesmerising. love it <3
shishir tiwari : it ask you to access in your media and photos and to your contact and if you deny it just stop working so please fix it
camo kitty : this game is very relaxing and fun to play. i am very glad to have downloaded it!
vijay nathan : marvelous game.everything is perfect .must play with headphones .superb work done by devolpers.
aaron bobela : all around great game for offline play. great for relaxing too!
inwoo lee : tons of lag now after update. please fix
musical keyboard : what a amazing game please make number 2 i played this game since it first came out and it was outstanding please make number 2
akash george : this game is amazing! the songs are soothing. i would recommend this game to anyone!
daven ferranco : okay. running out of money? started puting ads. maybe uninstalling it, there's some people who actually have an ocd about ads.
niamh de bacun : love this game! such a relaxing and fun game with beautiful graphics and an simple interface.
lars van lenteren : love this game. but i hate the fact that, even though i payed 5,49 to get rid of the ads, i'm still getting ads...
alex haitch : this is my all time favorite game, so relaxing, and great fun too.
vijay d. : nice but boaring. nice graphics i like it.
a google user : great little game to pass the time. good challenge the further you get.
ranjit sahu : liked it overall but the controls would be even better.the best think about it is its addictivness
cassie callister : i think this game is really relaxing .the graphics are great and i really love playing this game.
anirudh puranik : this game is amazing. very good use of minimalism. gameplay is truly amazing and addictive.
princess in yellow : very fun for something so simple, and the visual style is quite nice
marquis mackey : altos adventure is the best game out their , of not your on crack ..
ngima sinki yolmo : one of the best game i have ever played since i bought my smartphone..
k.gnanabalamurugan kannaiyan : it's mass natural graphics
chaitanya kiran pullela : most relaxing of the games that i've ever played. soothing music. stunning visuals.
jaida gehring : beautiful graphics and soundtrack, love the art style, seamless gameplay.
isaac e. : i absolutely love the graphics in this game! it is so fun and looks amazing! beautiful scenery
a google user : thiss game has beautiful music. this game is awesome it has amazing controls and graphics
jadon granger : it is one of the best games ever for those who like to listen to relaxing music
ben burford : love the game, but the latest update just added in loads of adds and no additional game play so i have dropped from 5 to 3 for the money grab. also the pickaxe and helmet do not function on android?
jake miller : great game for all ages! really addictive and fun.
matheus : such a bad update. you either buy the game or live with all those ads that glitch every and you have to restart. why'd you get so greedy?
ollie bradburn : just a fun game to play! simple and loads fast.
sergiy slobodyan : great graphics and music is ok. nothing more to say. don't play, just watch.
manjith thundathil : awesome!!! i highly recommend to all..peaceful song and super scenery
paul ferguson : a beautifully made game which reminds me of monument valley
rakul nandakumar : amazing simply the best game out there hands down
vimal ajaguiry : this game is amazing but you have to increase the workshop
novdeep singh 002'd' : this game is awesome and the best part of this game is that charming music that gives you pleasure
tremane mormon : the games is cool but make altos adventure 2 in the summer background
hassan k : i never seen such a great scencry it look like heaven
disasterpeace : one of the best games you could ever find on google play
bruce neukam : love it it has bad ass graphics and the new updates on r good
vahid falaki tabrizi : thank you i hope this game will be better in new updates
mark john solver : noodlecake done it! hands down to the best game on the store!
jamshaid riaz : alltogether a great game. sometimes touch not work
med poets' society : whenever i feel i'm in trouble, i just put on my headphones and open alto. trust me, it helps...
downtownbrown : excellent game if you just want to relax and enjoy the simplicity of the game
cheyenne zaretzki : this game calms my anxiety
dillon schreiner : make the graphics a little better plz
matthew anderson : it's great! thanks for creating
john westerman : play it in airplane mode (hint: no ads) or not at all
jamie lilly : super fun, easy to control and absolutely gorgeous!
saurodeep basak : incredibly relaxing game. well done developers!
brandon gresham : very relaxing and fun game, the art and music are awesome.
mrinal bhattacharjee : one of my favourite game. loved the background music
youtube user : very addictive game, with materialistic graphics.
pravin swain : team alto when is the summer experience comming#odessy
stephen shields : extremely fun and has an option to add more fun without the stress of winning.
jared miller : fantastic art style with fun, easy to play, gameplay
a google user : this game is so cool so relaxing to play! :)
mutayeb ali : the game is all right but i perched the no adds and adds ceep on apiring not ascing for money back just fix this problem reaply
hello there : this game is... amazing. well, after it became free. truly incredible game with very incredible graphics.
john talbot : beautiful, and very satisfying to play.
a google user : was an amazing game, until they monetized it...now it's full of ads. nice job.
a google user : very nice game .the graphics is so beautiful.
nadeem hussain : fake gps route and go to the right to be a good time to time
cat slimes : the great graphics it is really addicting and i llamma
adr max : honestly hands down a good go to game when u just wanna chill but with this type of settings with the abandoned buildings and that boy in the snowy field u guys should really make a movie or book and not no real life movie but a cartoon movie thats deep but at the same time fluffy
mahobub hossain : love the graphics, love the ambiance.
moooshroom : its legit cause when u think about it its relaxing and it makes me feel rich and active
joe bruno iv : soothing and challenging. i'm always progressing. love the characters.
worth the coin double-ing.
zizin dash : simple game but awesome, love it superb:) good job
archkesha : most addictive, beautifully crafted. a winner
desperado love : really so awesome & with so excited advanture game,i like so much
vivek ravi : best game ever. really helps to calm you down.
sayantan ghosh : awesome addictive gameplay...sometimes you would like to go on playing leaving behind other tasks.....
cae watson : meditative and beautiful, this is not a game to miss. just try it.
jason van de laar : thanks so much for the premium option i requested. 5 stars
jochen eberhard : was good until they build in the ads..
a google user : very relaxing and enjoyable. perfect for evenings after work...
rishab shrestha : i loved the game it has great music
kanimozhi venkatesan : till now i did 25 backflip.i love this game
ghenwa d : why the ads??!!! really? i was in love with this game because it helps me to chill.. now i'm really disappointed.. the ads make me angry while i used to play it to chill.. why did you do this..!
naman punyani : the game has got that spark ......it's simply satisfying and a wonderful game to play ....the background tune is so much satisfying....i completely love this game
charles rumph jr : its one of the best games i ever played
kevin abraham : wow nice game but zen mode that's sooooo romantic
chris : good game. ads suck but enjoy the profit
shan enterprises : the soultouchable music .beutifull sences .best game for adventire
mark farid : this game is really good and i love the background and the music
alfred fraison : the game looks really nice and is great to play
mr freak : i never got the money earned by watching videos
a google user : the best game i played so far
a google user : very nice i want to play alto s odysseys
duncan say : i've purchased the ad free version but still get ads. what's going on? not good
ryan dunn : really relaxing and keeps you interested. really cool game
a google user : enjoyable game. used to love the game until the addition of the ads.
nari alegre : i love this app, is amazing and relaxing
joe doss : showed a strip poker game in ads, caught it before kids saw, f you a wholes
lt fairlady zairi : it is very good make another one
a google user : very very good songs in this game woooow
in box : what a graphics and game i it very nice
sumit das : one of the most beautiful game ever created
rajesh s : peacefull and satisfied game with the music on
noomi rautavirta : great game love the graphics and relaxing soundtrack
ermin ahmetovic : awesome but ads don't show up
pat_yee : amazing audio and graphics. well done
loona : it the bomb, it's is super relaxing
calvin khor : highly recommend this for stress relief - zen mode
sr shuvo : awesome graphics quality.. and really a enjoyable game
daniel : relaxing and fun. really good game.
a google user : one of the goals is to pick up a coin magnet. did so but the game does not register it?
shubham nimbal : its a2esome im re installing it
yogesh yelewad : great game amazing graphics wow game download it
julia parrish : it is an amazing and fun game loved it
vladimir rufulea : cool game cant sey nothing
paarth tyagi : relaxing game+ best graphics
balram hhh : great game and great zen mode
gabe bry : i think this game is really good
jonathan daro gb ceo : simply amazing good quality graphics
aakash champ : overall really relaxing and awesome game
lewis dean : really enjoyed this until all the ads
cyborg : its an interesting game with good graphics
blacklight44 : it is a good game to calm down
madam shadow : one of the characters has downes syndrome it's hilarious
a google user : in my htc 360 i'm not getting coins after watching the videos plz fix it
rahul upadhyay : wonderful game... the zen mode is relaxing and deserves 5 stars..
kr kabir : it's a very cool game with amazing graphics & music
hatician : its amazing gameplay its very awesome
zach terry : repetitive, and not fun.
mister cartoonist : best graphics. best control. i loved it.
celina ferreira : this is the best game i play.
a google user : excellent game, relaxing and epic
a google user : loved the music in endless mode.
a google user : best game ever in this whole play store perfect the best
subham routray : just can't stop playing this game!!!
a google user : fun, easy to play game.
ghassane gm : *the best and only #relaxing game in the play store (*)
md daud : i reallly love this game...its graphics is very beautyful and nice....
leo bowman : it's incredible. the graphics are great.
l j : it's a very good game
lxvely xmoon : best calming game ever
bhim rai : awesome game thank you.
a google user : don't play this game it is very bakwas
a google user : superb game...my favourite game android game....thanks for making this beautiful game ....nice graphics...
ryxx von wolfie : simply put, it's a masterpiece.
nicolialee leelee : it's fun and adventurous!
silver galaxy : hi.please add persian(farsi)language
a google user : i saw it at a theme store i played it on a phone and i'm like oh my god
clarissa rodriguez : omg!!!!! loved it!!!!!!the best games ever!!!download it right now!!the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sayan bandhyopadhay : recommended off course .... overall brilliant performance .
lee je in : its really good but kinda need more sound ? i mean more relaxing tone sound
or bgm ?
gaurav gurjar : awesome game awesome graphics...loved it...never get bored
unknown unknown : great graphics... anti stress
ryan hunt : awesome game .... simple and addictive
asiful alam : it's just an epic. that graphics and that soundtracks!!! mind blowing!!
dr.vivekjana thumpingheart. : loved it! one of a kind!
bishal adhikary : best game to pass time...
arjun vinod : awesome game.... must download
shos ann : cool view of background..... awesome
tj kinchen : really great game,i'd give it a
benny d : calm, relaxing game
a google user : i love this game.
kamruzzaman bappy : it's a great game
a google user : it's a good game
david burke : it's a good game
wonderland shoppe : it's so relaxing
terri lynn : one very awesome game 5 stars hands down
john wong : i can't seem to purchase anything...
aduana panmei : nice game.. no words to say...
rb raja : very nice game..
a google user : so epic and nice loved it!
sasanka abekoon : this is a good game...
bigheadjusty : who else played this on windows?
serkan yldrm : relaxing game !!!
nazmul hasan : great game. period.
sergen bostan : game stil good to play
dirt devil detecting and adventures : the music is so peaceful
ttv manzo : its a great time killer
nabil chowdhury : its really nice game
barbara baker : it looks so beautiful
loziho paul vitsu : must download
daily dose of internet : very creative and very beautiful
sue davidson : i think it is fun and challenging
shamiladam mohdnizam : this game is very awesome
a google user : its stupid and crapy
ajay rag : addicted to it..
tj steffey : it's the best
micha szeja : why exactly do i have to buy the premium again???
gerald uscamayta : will change rating after developers have fixed the bug that after watching an ad it won't bring me back into the game.
a google user : this game iscool and this game is creative
primordius 69 : it's interesting
s j : simply brilliant....
madden goldenking : it's awesome
james williams : simplistic but engrossing
choice royce : when is altos is odyssey coming out?
miko damasco : relaxing
damian tiberiu : hate the ads
paul km : nice relaxing game
swapan hembram : it is fun to play
sai ram : just love this game
a google user : i love this game
shibananda chandan : i love this game
mohammad imran : beat relaxing game
mohammed kaif : i love this game
rohitash bhadaliya : i love this game
lasse dippel : easy and nice to play
deyar bradosti : great graphics this amazing
gopalakrishnan r : 5 stars for music
jerico dawson marcos : make an item that plays eurobeat
facundo vinas : the game is the funniest in the world
calstorm! : this is an awesome game
thkillak_manxd : its sssoooooo fun
a google user : this game is good
a google user : a great game
andrew mcclellan : it was fun
abdellatif echarji : wonderful music
teja reddy : simply superb
preshit bhourjar : awesome music
ridwan : loved the simplicity
s.kishorsundar : simple and addictive
d3stroyer t3d : very addictive
sadat sanim : the best
lucas hardy : work of art
aishwarya nautiyal : awesome music
dennis : beautiful and ambient
crimson typhoon : its good
jc albores : so relaxing
keith singleton : great game
sebastian deberry : it cool
prasanna selvam : simply awesome
prince rao : where the hell is alto odyssey!????
saad mirza : loving it
shrijeet panwalkar : relaxing
christopher bray : it's asome
a google user : it's ok
a google user : what a game
a google user : cook game
a google user : i bought the "premium" purchase to remove ads, but then you put ads in my phone gallery. not to mention the app shouldn't have permission to even access my storage options since i made sure of that. i want a refund.
mila muskic : it is a great game, very fun to play and very beautiful and soothing music and appearance. the only thing i have a problem with is that sometimes the controls don't work when i start to play the game and sometimes the reviving function is not responsive and the time runs out even though i click to revive a character. regardless to this bugs i would still recommend this game to my friends.
l g : super addictive.like the 3rd life with new update. everything runs like a dream ...except jump controlls freeze after watching a video sometimes. also from time to time ad video isnt available-its would be just fine but cant keep playing till you watch it. please fix
brian girten : this game was great. then it recently started showing ads. then it told me to pay to get rid of ads, the only option for which did not mention removing ads. the purchased option did not remove the ads. still have ads, no longer interested in playing this game. edit - developer has addressed concerns. updated rating.
saket patil : okay.. the perfect, unique game that was out there, which was not intrusive with ads at all, finally jumps on the bandwagon of spamming ads and premium memberships. i get it, everyone has to make a living, so i don't blame devs. but still, this unique is not unique anymore. thank you for wonderful experiences till now. uninstalled.
a google user : was running fine on my phone the latest update (which added very intrusive ads) i cannot run app. i get a "your hardware is incompatible message" after downloading. basically, great app, now broken an unusable due to greed.
erik wilder : game is actually good, but purchased the ad free version now i can't pay to skip a goal. very annoying
john roger amos : i like the game soooo addictive but pleaseeee i advise u guys eho haven't been updating the game pleaseee don't update it because it will only just make you fell annoyed. ads everywhere
g : beautiful game, until the ads arrived. honestly an intrusive and obnoxious addition to an otherwise immaculate experience. please fix, developers. it seems to go against the image this game tries to bring across.
george richard jr : failure to initialize. on samsung galaxy s8 plus. have tried uninstalling and reinstalling but still getting error saying my hardware doesn't support this. please fix.
ben clark : great game but most recent update introduced premium which stupidly stops players from being able to revive. the workshop offers new items that are supposed to allow you to revive but that does not happen whenever i die. needs fixing.
jesse heinonen : overall an amazing indie game. controls are intuitive, graphics are beautiful. have yet to find a single bug
d smith : it's the most peaceful game i have ever played... however the ads are horrible and i won't play it anymore.
sally payne : this game is beautiful, easy to learn and yet stays interesting no matter how many times you play. the soundtrack is also good!
joe walker : ad removal cost is way too expensive and ruins the great game experience..
a google user : okay i'm totally in love with this game again. all thanks to the latest update which made everything right again. but i don't know one thing. how to escape an elder in the game?
anbu moses : i've never played the game but just gave 5 stars for everything..
yandi tama : nothing to say about this games, it's absolutely amazing
chonchol choudhury : everyone must play this game in his life at list for once.
manashpr. borah : amazing music relaxing music and with easy controls it's a great app
ramesh suthar : i love this game. thx who developed this game
reperto fossile : it's a fantastic game and it's super relaxing
malcolm crum : beautiful and simple. a master of a mobile game
ian k : i love it and have no complaints
richard flores : this game is awesome, addicting, platforming,and beautiful!!!!!
maddison blevins : this is a great game to play!!!!!!!!
xoxo xoxo : this game is relaxing and fun and beautiful
priyanshu chatterjee : very good and addictive game
jamie waldrep : best game in app store
a google user : love the gameplay.
jtr colardo : calm yet challenging
cynthia monsen : it's litt
valerio de rosa : last update added ads and the game is downloading megabyte's worth of them before you even have to see them, please fix, watch a video to revive it's not a feature everyone will use, or at least make the videos load when you actually need them. uninstalling for now.
maggie lee : before updated everything was good and i always play the video adv the support the developer. after updated the game just totally lagged, seriously lagged. lag problem would turn this speedy game into rubbish. can't play it anymore coz my tap time will never align with the game due to the lag problem. you added in more adv to turn your game into rubbish. what a shame.
ptleojet : oh dear. ohhh dear. i don't know what bugs you were fixing, except the occasional camera spams on rock smashing, but now.. so this isn't a review, it's just what i noticed: - complete graphic degeneration as you progress down the slope. at first coins looked like yellow rectangle's, then rocks and chasms started to fall apart, still got to about 17,000m but by that time rocks had disappeared, only with the shadow to tell where they were, lama pens were gone, the background forest was undergoing a continuous earthquake... and this also happened in zen mode. - the workshop has been mentioned. ui isn't updating with current purchases. plus missing names and details. - apart from the prompt screen with alto, there isn't anywhere to purchase premium. can the update be pulled for now? pretty please?
colleen nathalie : help please, all of a sudden, about a week ago, the graphics started to fail on me. it starts out okay but after a bit of play the graphics become blobs and then a little more and things like rocks and ramps are invisible. it's making it impossible to complete some of the challenges. this seemed to happen after the option to pay to eliminate ads came up. i would except i'm not going to pay for a game that's not enabling me to play it to its fullest. please fix this bug, i love this game
david taylor : this game is fun and will help kill time in an enjoyable manner. but it gets repetitive rather quickly and definitely needs new goals added as you can get through them rather quickly, even without the double coin add-on that comes with the iap.
karl bridges : don't protection rackets use the same business model. we add adverts and then charge you to remove them. enough to make me avoid all your games. i am appalled at the approach you have taken with the latest update.
vinicius augusto barbosa sebastiao : the game was better before the last update. name of product are wrong. pixeled trees, coins and stone turn the game very bad.
chris james : hi, as of a recent update, the graphics get progressively worse after about a minute of play. coins become squares, then triangles, then just a glow. rocks become little rectangles. please fix. (also recently, samsung added a game launcher. this could be the fault but there's nothing i can do about it).
iain ross : broken with latest version. graphics are corrupted and of course now with adverts that annoy. another excellent game which i will probably not play due to intrusive adverts.
azel : the new update has messed it up. i like the app so please fix it asap. thanks
roger barnes : badly broken in latest version. ads pop when choosing play again, workshop totally busted with placeholder text, can't actually purchase the ad free version, and worst of all controls sometimes stop working until restart. is qa on holiday? this is a sloppy release.
rhiannon h : this is my favorite mobile game, but with the last update the graphics went down the chute. trees, rocks, coins, and power ups are all just pixelated triangles now.
ivan gojocco : since the new update the graphics became glitchy and the workshop descriptions has bugs in it. please fix it, i love this game :( overall this game is awesome just need to fix thus new bug in latest update
micah ethier : amazing game but the workshop has a glitch where it doesnt tell or explain what the products are.
aya a-j : the recent update has brocken the game. lots of objects slowly become triangles and rectangles making it hard to dodge obstacles because you cant tell what anything is. i loved this game before but its hard to play now.
humaid mohamed miakhan : the last update totally wrecked the game. graphics deteriorate over time making it impossible to play. imho it was very good the way it was.
ellen battin : this game was perfect until the last update. now the graphics for the coins, rocks, and close up trees are blocky and i keep hitting rocks because they're indistinguishable from the landscape. what happened? other than that, amazing game!
dinesh kumar vanapalli : after the new update the graphics of coins trees snowfall really got tampered please look into it and get the new release
alex clarke : fun and simple. randomly generated so different every time. simple but fun level up system.
nico : newest update includes glitchy graphics and super obtrusive video ads! what's not to like?! what was once a great game is being ruined by the company's desperate attempts to squeeze every last cent out of players.
emily ye : one word to describe this game. wow. everything is absolutely amazing! i could play this for hours.
robert davey : rubbish after latest update. graphics glitch, can't update to remove the add that now appear all the time. was the update even tested?
liam packer : what the f*@k!!! this game is amazing!!! but please please fix the advertisement issue and the workshop.. i have everything but the wingsuit on max level, and now i can't finish it off
shane zanow : hmm , now the workshop is broken.
ross quick : best game to pass the time that is available on the play store, beautiful but simple game play and reward system
rafael liborio : this game makes me go faster every jump but with a incredible and relaxing sound track
u. tekir : "added premium to remove ads that weren't there before so we also added ads"
lisa perez : it's an awesome game you should make more
andres lezama : really calming game yet fun and has a challenge
louis malouvier : was perfect game until the update...graphics deteriorate, coins look like squares, impossible to distinguish the rocks from the bumpers...can you pleas fix it urgently ?
isaac espinosa : the game was awesome, until the owner put in ads
judah tyreman : since the update it's cubes can't tell i jump or it's background fix please
kevin gannets : product name this is the product description.
a google user : wow what a game very addictive
raj singh : when you play this game
varun jain : amazing graphics and fun
nishchhal bakshi : this is my first ever review on google play store, till now i have never thought of writing a review but this game is the best, literally it is a masterpiece. this has so amazing use of graphics and the music takes you to the world of alto. dont worry i am not a paid review and i dont even know these guys. totally genuine review, i hope i could give this game more than 5 stars.
paul sparrow : easy control, keep your eyes peeled, and enjoy the game. it's not so good when you die, one life you can continue by spending points or watch advertising video. sometimes i click on video, nothing happens, so i spend score, it then shows the video and deducts my points. it's worth playing and is good quality. all the apps are similar, as far as adverts go, constantly pestering us when we just want to relax and play.
monsieur meme : incredible game. graphics are beautiful, very calming. love the different characters you can unlock, and all the quests. absolutely in love with the zen mode. the smooth gameplay and amazing soundtrack just melt my stress away. by far my favorite game, had it for months and don't plan to ever delete it (a rare thing for me). will stick around for a long time.
douglas : okay, i'm going to give you a great description of this game. first of all , in the design group there must be a man in his 50s that still smokes cannabis. which makes this unique game friken awesome. this game actually puts you in a good mood. if you surf for ski or snowboard you understand the dynamics of this game and the movements of the controls. i find myself playing this game when i'm at my most stressed i'm dis-pleased with daily protocol askew points...and it brings me back. way to go girls .
stephen lander : really good game. totally beautiful and fun. for the devs, a few issues i've noticed: smashing through a rock or fire after you've used the llama horn causes some really funky graphics issues when using the hover power up, you can pass through other powerups or coins without collecting them
jason carrington : i have never played a more perfect runner. then again i have not played many runners that don't feel repetitive and purchase-driven. this one doesn't - the only extra of necessity is possibly the coin-doubler. the atmosphere is sublime and soothing, with a beautifil geometric art style. runs like a dream, controls are easy and efficient, and it's easy on the eyes.
matthew valdiviezo : this game is really great. absolutely love it. i have found one flaw/bug however: if you are knocked off of your snowboard and fly into a chasm without hitting the ground, your screen will focus on the chasm and not change. you have to restart the app at that point. other than that pretty much perfect!
a google user : it is hands down the most beautifully made game i have played. very pleasant background music, lovely graphics and best of all it is highly immersive and distraction free. it does not have pathetic and annoying popup ads anywhere. it does not force you to make any in-app purchase (although can be done for some upgrades) but they don't nag. worth playing with headphones on as the sound quality is aces. and of course the game control is top notch. it's one of the highest standard of mobile game development in my opinion as it focus primarily on best user experience.
lalala hey : well the game is very beautiful, the graphic is great, although it is quite hard to control at the very beginning. only thing is that it is very hard to run away from the elderly. i mean, it is impossible! you can't gain speed and you only can killed by the elderly, which is very disturbing, annoying. there is no way to get away from this problem, when you meet the elderly, the only thing you can do is wait to die.(-_- )
jbhawks : simple. clever. amazingly beautiful. it's a game that brings peace and calmness instead of tension and anger. also loved that the game has missions, but doesn't focus on them. instead, you focus on the beauty of the action, it is really breathtaking. that moment when you fail, of course, makes you upset, but not because you've lost some points or progress and stuff, but because the action and motion have stopped. it is a supreme job. definitely ranking 5 stars. brilliant.
gaming practitioner : possibly the best mobile game i have ever played! just the beautiful handcrafted animation and slick gameplay is so well done. on top of that zen mode is a great and thoughtful addition to get lost in the beauty of the mesmerizing scenery. i can go on forever but to sum it up ijust love this game so much
dakshitha wijeratne : well, alto's adventure is not just a game but it's something that makes my mind peaceful in times. the best 2d world i've seen in an android game but even more best thing is the natural sounds it has blended with music. the zen mode with headsets on is really peaceful and i loved it. more creative games like this noodlecake... thanks
varsha singh : this game perfectly captures the aesthetic beauty of the nature. the changing seasons, the rising sun, the twilight, the snow, the thunder, the ringing bells everything sounds so realistic. to top everything off, the soothing music comes to the rescue. i love to play this game in 'zen mode' after a stressful day at work, calms my soul down!
abigail tan : love the game, it has great gameplay and visuals. if you don't want ads, turn wi-fi off before opening the game because it doesn't need internet. you don't need a lot of coins to progress and it's a very good immersive (and free) game that you can spend a long time playing.
roaming briton : this game is great. i love it and it deserves the awards it has been given. one problem, though, is that at some points of the game, i tap the screen and the character (whoever he or she is) refuses to jump. i also have this app on my computer, but it is refusing to work. if you please fix these problems i'll definitely rate 5 stars.
alejandro arreola-torres : overall a great game. very fun and good for road trips and such. however, it has two issues: 1) sometimes when hovering, the character cannot reach the coins, llamas or powerups and goes right over them. the second issue is somewhat similar, as when you boost down the mountain, the character just goes past coins and powerups, despite coming into full contact with them.
a google user : beautifully made game and not one you expect to be so pretty and wallpaper worthy. controls are easy to understand and missions are really well balanced. like a mix between jetpack joyride, tiny wings and journey. honestly the best mobile game i've ever played. just... try it yourself
a google user : this game is truly incredible. the scenery is absolutely gorgeous and it makes you feel like you are rushing through the chilly atmosphere of nepal. flawless game play, it has never once lagged and the snowboarding felt smooth. this game helps me relax and i cannot truly express how impressed i am towards the developers.
spottus : backflipping is a little hard to do, but you can get into the hang of it and it will run smoothly, i just downloaded the app yesterday and i'm having so much fun, the graphics are abstract and the music is relaxing and sounds beautiful. hope you take my review as a good recommendation and who knows, maybe i'll race you!
chiyo sumizome : never played anything like this before. love the controls, music, and the graphics. very comforting and calming. some of the quests are really tough to do, but it's extremely satisfying when you finish them. i don't know how the devs nailed this game so well. someone needs to try their techniques. favorite game of all time. awesome and addicting.
reisy : best game i have ever played on a phone. absolutely amazing! the gameplay is a temple run, jetpack joyride style, but this game offers the most serene music with breathtaking backgrounds. i could play this for hours on end solely due to the relaxation it provides. like a few comments already made, it makes you want to cry because the scenes are so full of... home! it is a full adventure and i will never get bored of this game. thanks alto!
kathryn cue : like other people said, the game looks nice, and the sound effects are good too. however, the game seems to have problems on my phone and doesn't operate properly. my husband downloaded it on his phone first and recommended it to me. it works perfectly on his pixel xl. when i downloaded it, though, whenever i press to jump in the game, there is a delay before the person actually jumps. this makes it much more difficult and frustrating to play, and if i didn't know how it should be (since it works on his phone) i would have just deleted it and moved on thinking the game was dumb. i have tried reinstalling and the problem persists, so i've just uninstalled and steal his phone to play. but boy, do i hate giving him free levels!
lachezar zahariev : i really dont like there's only a single backflip you can do as a trick and even then you flip like a damn granny.. i cant see many rocks and i find that really irritating. only thing you do is jump over rocks and tap llamas asses basicaly.. the game is fine but not something really great. it has a decent background and an ok menu.
abc gamer : oh boy oh boy do i love this game. alto's adventure may belong to a genre saturated with uninspired and dull games but it's simplistic design and tight controls make for an incredible experience:- graphics- alto's adventure may not boast of high res graphics but it's elegant and simply beautiful art style more than makes up for it. controls: the controls are simple but tight and responsive and actually works very well with alto's trick system. it's the perfect example of mobile controls done right(by being simplistic instead of having clunky dpads ) general gameplay and replayability: like many other games of the genre alto's adventure offers a challenge and level up system but it's real replayability comes from its soothing calm nature(best evident in the game's zen mode) , character variety and it's very satisfying trick system( each trick feels rewarding due to the boost offered by it and thus lets it serves a role in gameplay as well as final score)
zoe molnar : i love the graphics and its music! challenging and addictive, well designed game and characters. zen mode is a nice bonus! the only disadvantage is that on my current phone (xiaomi mi5 with nugat) the online mode e.g. watching videos for bonuses/reviving characters doesn't work.
e. feusi : this game is amazing! the graphics and sound effects are smooth, and the music is beautiful. a lot of people are complaining about how 'there is only a backflip' and 'escaping the elder is impossible', but they fail to realize that tricks give you speed! there are many different stunts you can accomplish on the snowboard. overall, i think this is one of the best apps out there, and would get a higher score if people actually understand how to play it! it is very challenging, and you must time your jumps and flips perfectly in order to accomplish them. even if you aren't interested in snowboarding, this game is still a must-have.
rob hofford : love the game, but it's currently crashing when connecting to google play games. the only way to play is to clear all data and disassociate the app with google play games. i'm also not keen on giving a game access to my contacts, but i just deny that permission. if the crash were fixed, this would be a 5-start game, all the way.
david julio wang : tears. this game brings tears to my eyes. it ought to be recommended to anyone, but especially to someone who is feeling sad. the sound of the board smoothly plying its way through the soft powdery snow, the soothing music of thoughtful cellos, enlivened with the bright energy of violins, a steady current of piano scales carrying the player down the mountain as his or her problems are left behind far up the slope. tip : i just found this myself, swipe from the right side on the home screen to find the zen mode. no score. no game over. just the sounds of the mountain, a meditative musical score, and your own drifting awareness. so peaceful. it feels like meditation. i wonder if one could reach nirvana playing this game? ah well, namaste fellow gamers and seekers of a peaceful adventure.
werner poetzelberger : the intro with the learning hints is really annoying. you should first let the player play a bit not stop the game every second, especially at the very first moments of your game. the second annoying aspect is, that it takes too long to restart. i dont wanna see my stats every time. the gameplay is not fluid enough. an endless runner needs to be easy to access and very fluidly to be played. you stop the player at too many places. the position of the avatar is misplaced. its difficult to find a good spot to tap the screen even the boarder is so small. unfortunately that stopped me to explore the game further. sry for that.
brian clarke : not what i was expecting. i thought alto was a kangaroo (based on the google play store icon) an this was just another side scroller with a cutesy character to control. had no idea that alto was a snowboarder shown upside down in the icon, his 'tail' actually his scarf. now i feel like i missed out on this game for so long. truly a master work.
chew ch : this is the best adventure game i ever have! the graphics, musics and gameplay - everything are so beautiful! as the level rises, the goals given are becoming more and more challenging, which makes me can't stop playing at all. plus, i am so eager to unlock new characters because exploring each one's advantage is quite a fun thing to do! i love the zen mode too because of it's peaceful atmosphere.
chris howden : fun snowboard game, could use improvements. i love the simple clean graphics and great artistic style. i looove the izel character...1000 bonus points for having more than one female character, and someone who could be interpreted as queer to boot! thank you! i do wish there were more tricks you could do earlier in the game. a few grabs or a way to mod the grinds would be nice. and night/rainy mode are waaay too dark. i like the variation, but you don't get a bonus for "surviving" it and it's definitely tougher. i can only see that tiny dark figure when i am inside in low light, which makes landing (esp in trees) frustrating. but overall, great game.
d. oliver : played for a few days then game has got stupidly hard to progress as every upgrade costs too much and the wingsuit doesn't appear to do much. there's no indication i've got it in game or when it's activated. the game was great up until you unlock paz then you might as well quit as that's when the above issues happen. more trick types would help rather than just a one button for all moves. i'm probably deleting it now after only 3 days as i'm frankly bored with it.
josh montgomery : with the new zen mode added i was able to take in a lot of feelings about this merely simple game. it opened my eyes and reminded me that life doesn't need to be so crazy and stressful. filled with worries about schooling, work, relationships, etc. we have the power to live the life we desire. we have the power to be happy. we are free in this beautiful world and instead of worrying about things that don't really matter we should be out in this amazing world so we can truly live our lives to the fullest.
sourish bhattacharya : that is the best game i have ever found in internet. it clearly shows how the sun sets and moon rises up and vice versa. so guys, give me notation on other games which the owner of alto is going to make.
jason : a very relaxing endless runner with a few more twists than the original.
definitely a 4 out of 5 game, unfortunately there is no option to buy it or
is an in app purchase to remove the occasional full screen ads.
unfortunately i'll stick to this one on ios.
ting : simply sublime, now i never give 5*s mainly because nothing ever comes close but to the development team i say bravo you've done a spectacular job! and that is from your toughest critique. everything runs smoothly, controls are simple and responsive, the concept is infuriatingly addictive in a good way, a timeless classic i can't praise enough. my one request and i'm being picky is please add some other tricks other than the back flip, maybe an outrun avalanche mode see how far you can get but i want royalties for any ideas used other than that it is a master piece.
valtteri p : nice visuals and controls, almost identical with ski safari. would give 3 stars but the progress sync goes haywire very easily when playing with 2 devices. super annoying. the night mode looks nice, but is mostly a nuisance. the missions are just grinding after few hours. like catch 6 lamas in short timespan, come-on. game has potential, but falls short.
william macomber : i really like this game. the art style is very minimalistic, which allows for some clean, smooth, colorful gameplay that isn't lessened in quality by cartoonesque graphics. it's very simple and generally calming, unless you're performing poorly lol. the music and audio effects are good too. there are only a couple things i don't like, which actually don't affect the experience much. one is the timing of the audio. i consistently hear it be slightly off every time i play. i'll make the character jump, and the sound of skiing won't stop until a half second later. it isn't a huge problem, but it's noticeable. my other issue is about the menu and transitional buttons. they always require multiple taps before they respond. in the situation where i just crashed and it's game over, it takes multiple taps on the start over button before it responds. and i know it notices, because the button shows the animation of being pushed down. fortunately, this problem doesn't apply to the gameplay controls, which are totally fine. overall, it's a really pretty, simple, and fun game.
dane zeke liergaard : this is the only mobile game i've ever not muted. this is because the music ties perfectly into what i like about this game: it is wonderfully, masterfully zen. playing it is so relaxing, i can feel stress flaking away as i tumble and flip down the mountain. very, very well crafted.
ivan rosenfeld : phenomenal game and incredibly beautiful gameplay. i don't recall downloading a game this good. one minor thing that i don't mind but i just want to state is: the landing after a back-flip. devs can you take note about making the turning radius a bit faster or the area of the snowboard larger?
t.t. perez : love the game! it's very clean and smooth. not too loud and busy like some other games, which is a huge turn off for me. this game is just simple that delivers big gameplay. a rarity this day and age. however during peak hours the ad button lags. i refuse to pay 1500 coins to continue, lol. finally unlocked the last character -- the speed, the jumps, the flips -- outstanding!! nevertheless i kind of wish they can do more than back flips. something like front flips and corkscrews! but free falling seemingly hundreds of feet through giant trees beats it.
jack blanchard : overall great game, made better with high quality illustration lead visuals and good sound design. however, some power ups such as the invincibility are a pain as it just slows down the player. if you go too fast you are unable to pick up some powerups and the llama horn often lags the game, making it difficult to concentrate. besides from this, the gameplay was enjoyable.
nithin thomas : loved it so much, relaxing.. so simple game but awesome graphics n images.. superb high quality background music in which u will feel it s raining actually when played with a quality over ear headphone..
robert hundrieser : ok i'm not one for online reviews mostly because people will ignore it but this game changed everything. this is the most gorgeous mobile game i've played. the scenery is so beautiful i sometimes get lost. haha the music is so peaceful and calming that i dont mind listening to the sounds while playing. i love how it doesn't spam you with ads everytime you die. it's a simple endless runner with amazing graphics and music. i love the sense mode. i can play for hours!!! it's seriously a must download!!!!!
nande donny : it is so awsome and relaxing. i mean, it is easy, it is peaceful and you catch lamas. it is very good to play when you feel bad. but i want people to play the zen mode. it is really peaceful espeacially if you use your ear phone. so people who just got back from a frusted day, play this game and use the zen mode with your earphones.
nerdikon : this game is by far my favorite, i love it. the graphics are simple and aesthetically pleasing, and when combined with the wonderful and calming music, it turns into a masterpiece. the gameplay is fun and is a great way to get rid of stress, especially when playing zen mode. the developers have done a great job with this game.
syam lal : thumbs up to developer of this beautiful game. great idea guys. especially the background music are a treat to listen. those transition from sunrise to sunset and then to night just blown my mind..i have played a lot of games...but this is the first time a game had given me both visual and audio treat together.. my favorite is playing in those night time when moon is glowing up and i just skii away and away... just one glich i had is that, on my xiaomi redmi, i can't watch videos to extend a run.
unknown user : i love this game. i love the artstyle, the music, the gameplay, i love everything about it. do you guys know pinstripe? it's a pc game about a father who lost his daughter through alcoholism. but it tells you the thing with the alcohol at the end of the story. pinstripe is th villian and...this game is too long to describe. just watch it on youtube, it's worth it. please make some kind of adventure game, like pinstripe. i would absolutely download it. thank you.
abigailfails : the aesthetics are amazing and the controls are really intuitive, along with solid gameplay! some goals seem ridiculously difficult yet i always find myself trying again all the same; when i actually acheive them it feels amazing. of course, it is possible to skip these goals for a small fee of in-game coins if you don't like this intensity, yet i seem to have an unwritten philosophy of never doing so that i have yet been unable to bring myself to break, which is why this game drives me mad sometimes. in a good way though! one small nitpick i have is how long it takes to get back after you crashed - it'd be great if there was an option to just automatically start a new game. but apart from that, amazing game! :)
a google user : its sad to see that after watching stupid videos of other games to revive a character your app gives me a blank screen instead of resuming the game. this has happenend one too many times and has disrupted my scores and goals. fix it
adeeb imthiaz : an amazing game a beautiful and simple interface and controls. the effects like lighting are marvelous and simple. the music is also really relaxing and beautiful and it's such an amazing game :)
roy thirstly : wonderful, wonderful game. no intrusive ads, no pay to win, just a pretty,
fun game. but on the app icon, there's a boarder with their scarf flowing
right to left, but the boarder is moving from right to left, and doing a
front flip. in the game, you move from left to right and do backflips, and
your scarf goes from right to left.
ric gibson : this has been my go-to game for months now. many others have come and gone, but this is the one i've kept on my phone the longest. it's the first game i've worked to unlock all the achievements in. very fun, not too complicated..a good game.
russell fletcher : very zen game with great gameplay to boot. one odd glitch is when playing following using chromecast, when chromecast returns to screensaver mode the in game sound cuts out.
andrew cook : fun simple and really relaxing...i love the music and the day night transition could you please put a story mode to it... but we (the players) would have to do something to unlock it and that players can choose which mode they want p.s. i lice your zen mode
fabi cellini : this game is a beast. i really dont play games in phone but this is good to cut my time. so simple and stylish. i like the graphics and background. night theme is nice, moon and stars. real thing is the slowmotion while doing backflips. good good!
louis strydom : probably me favorite game out there. have had this app for almost a year. still love it. the music and sound effects is one of it's best features.
abhinav rathore : simple but intuitive game...with brilliant gameplay and specially the weather effects. please add facebook login option so that we can compete with our fb friends. also see if multiplayer can be added. by the way hats off to u guys who made such a brilliant game !
logan teague : this game is so relaxing... it's my go to after dealing with a load of stress. the music is fun and adventurous, the graphics are phenomenal, and the gameplay is far from expected. updates or not, i am excited to see what comes next.
dexter-john bridge : amazing game. deleted the app, for space a few months ago, but now that i have re-installed it, i sign in, but i have lost all my characters and upgrades. i had every single character unlocked and almost all the upgrades maxed out. any help would be appreciated. 5 stars, if not for this hiccup in the game.
kai : nice clean game. just one big issue is the part of the gameplay at night. it's straining on the eyes. wish we had an option to play in daytime only.
christian reyes : most addictive game i have ever played, the goals are intense, and the scenery with the weather and if your busting out combos looks intensifying.
reinie mck : i think it could be better. i don't really like the controls. it's difficult to actually jump over the "chasms" or deeps...because i can't even swipe through so that alto can increase his speed right there. don't disappoint us noodlecake. the tricks are very poor,only two, forward and back flips? you can do better.
ayden rusher : this was the most beautiful game i've ever played. you should wear earbuds or headphones no matter what mode. i think this game deserves an award for prettiest game
nadine miller : the only issue i have is that i have is the dark screen. its hard for me yo see. otherwise its a great game.
john r esaknder : one of the best and most beautiful games i have ever seen in my life. the controls are great too. the ads are not annoying and are not obligatory.
nadir : completed all goals, took around a year since i didn't play it very much,
but i loved it all the way from beginning to end.
a google user : amazing graphics and audio effects. sometimes it's difficult to spot the player but otherwise it's great in terms of graphics an performance.
jamie wood : it was wonderfully peaceful and relaxing. when i needed a break or wanted a distraction, i'd open up alto's adventure and be pulled away from my reality. this game has made me feel better on countless occasions
marta szydowska : the game is just wonderful. starting from the simple, but beautiful graphics, pleasurable delicate music, lastly, no advertisement and a fact that the game runs smoothly. the playing experience is indescribably great. and the most beautiful moments are sunrises and sunsets. big hugs for the creators
haley flk : i completely love this game, the controls are simple and easy, and the graphics give me a nice cozy feeling. it's relaxing but still challenging. i wish i could walk around and explore things. i would love to see an expansive world with this game!
taylor pio : fantastic core gameplay that i just keep coming back to. most mobile games don't offer enough to hold my attention for more than a few days, but alto's adventure just stands out. a great game to relax with.
pal singh mann : omg ....such a good game. the game is so beautiful the sceneries are so gorgeous that u feel like u r there. above all the music is so sweet and calm. whenever like i am stressed or tired i just put my headphones on and i am relaxed like i am on a vacation. thanks....for this amazing game. keep up the the good work.
alicia jacquelin : this game has saved me from so many awkward situations, absolutely love it. just wish there was more to do after the goals have been accomplished
nekoreapurr : i get the realism of the water making you faster but i'd prefer glowing arrows that could be placed on snow or ramps to make people zoom.
thomas lalo : too much down time with controls when you move slowly, especially when you have to restart. give me something to do other than watch alto move for me. the terrain generation is awful too, the transition from a slope to flat ground is random and unpredictable and leads to crashes that feel unfair. the graphics are very well done though, as well as the music. it could use more than one soundtrack though honestly. i feel like this game was designed for a tablet maybe? with a better view of what to expect from the terrain it would definitely be more entertaining
jared onisukaification : they are curious, i keep playing this game, my grin of satisfaction..stop when i have to watch ads n pay to play more. wish you would make more money.
jeri 2.0 : i'm speechless this game is gorgeous, its all i could ask for, i couldn't suggest this game more than i do. thank you for this amazing game
doug finlay : works great on my op3 but have noticed recently that magnets don't always work now. that is both new magnets picked up and top up magnets when already in the mode.
prabhat gupta : this is undoubtedly the best game that i have ever played. the game is brilliant to go into that calm and composed side of you. zen mode in particular is outstanding.
usman khan : "the best game of play store" gameplay graphics so good but man running it so small place fix this little bit bigger but i like small to
busayo jacobs : this is the most beautiful, artistic and creative snowboarding android game i've ever played. outstanding background art and music. love the way the weather and day and night changes during the game. love it....
boden hurst : beautful aesthetic, addictive gameplay. extra touches like the changing time of day set this game apart from the usual mindless fare offered up in mobile games. the developers should be proud of this work of art, and other developers should take note of how a game should be made.
a google user : this game is awesome along with the graphics and gameplay. but all i think needs to be done is more snowboarding skills and power ups. but this game is great!
anet t : the game is beautiful but it has some weird bugs that were not there the first time i installed it. for one, it won't let me not play the tutorial. then, there's a chasm that is impossible to jump no matter what i do, and it just loops that part of the game over and over again so there's no way to finish the tutorial... why is it doing this? it didn't happen the first time....
the zucchinis are on fire : this really is a way to spend time when you're bored. the soundtrack is amazing and really calming, i actually spend all my time here just to listen to the music
drew pador : i wish that the challenges would roll through continuously after you have achieved the 3 for the level. has a good run but after i completed the challenges riding is pointless.
chaitanya sampara : its a wonderful game. the controls are very simple and gameplay is smooth. the graphics(though unrealistic) are splendid.
joel green : this game is the best infinite runner available in android right now. there are no intrusive iap or ads, just a good fun game which you can just play for hours
g po origin : really great game, i just keep playing this game no matter what, really simple, great graphics, gameplay, a bit difficult when elder gets behind but that's ok. thx for this game. just add more contents for power up and tricks.
mystical gamer : this is a really beautiful game. a great way to let out stress so you can relax. great job at making this amazing game.
suman nath : i love this game all good in this game . what i fill only one think need to be improve that is alto need to be little bigger and visible. when alto run fast that time it's make little problem because of alto size.
alex andraos : i'm addicted to this game, i first bought it on ipad 2 years ago, i can't believe i didn't know it was on the play store this whole time
clayton jensen : my favourite game to play now!!! relaxing gameplay, easy controls, no significant pay-to-play gaming, and a sooothing zen mode. no complaints at all!! one thing i'd improve would be a trap right to tilt right, left to tilt left control. it'd make saving yourself from a flip way easier. don't over complicate it though, the simplicity makes it soothing!
charlotte r : i love this game it's so surreal and the graphics are amazing. one thing is you should add a mide where you can change the time and day or maybe have that option in zen mode as well as the option for a cycle.
dossy : this game is the best if you just want to relax. when i first played it, i was on for 2 hours straight. the music is a beuty and same with the effects. please download this game.
hrusikesh kumar : good game. has the best kind of minimal graphics. but you might get bored easily, if you're the action type.
bg l : beautiful! great artwork, great music, i love it all! in this incredible game you play as a boy named alto. altos' llamas escape and he has to catch them! he grabs his snowboard and heads down the mountain to catch them. across chasms and more, he is on his adventure to catch his llamas!
neeko : hands down the best arcade game i have ever played on mobile after years of google play and apple store use.
himanshu sahu : it's awesome game.i specially love the zen mode it's free of tention and calm myself. also the targets in each level is very interesting.
carl : beautiful game. love the soundtrack, graphics and gameplay. the developers really put a lot of effort in this adventure game, which is one of the best you will find.
q jr : i never never played any game like this. that is awesome and if i used true word then that is great game with every perspective. well achievement in gaming industry.
emily quinto : honestly, one of the best games i've ever played. the graphics look really beautiful. it's an addicting game as well
jason g : incredibly addicting, very easy to control, great visual experience. perfect casual game when you don't feel like a bunch of convoluted controls.
capybara king : it's an awesome game that lots of people can play by just tapping the screen. also the grafics were amazing i love the bit were you get chased. let's just say anyone can play it and it's an awesome game i also recommend it to everyone that likes tapping games
milena z : i was blown away by the quality of the art in this game. i really like the minimalist design and the over all feel if the game. unlike many free game it isn't flooded with ads
insom i keep calm : by far one of the most amazing endless runners i've ever played! even endless runners aren't your plate of cake it's still worth checking out and exploring the world of alto.
icetamer : i downloaded when it first came out. loved it but i unistalled because i stoped play. i'm playing again and i still love it.
11ca1 - 17 - ngo ngoc ngan : the control is so confusing, i can not understand how to jump over a cliff. however, the graphic and gameplay is outstanding, it would be perfect if the controller better
ivan saw : amazing job. loved it. it's not just a game but also art. soothing music is just perfect. love the zen mode. great game. nobody creates games like these. it's soo relaxing. please create more games like this. keep up the good work
elijah cone : this game is awesome. great visuals, sounds, simple mechanics and the progress system and new characters keeps me coming back. i'm addicted
saurabh singh : i am sad that there are no 6 stars to rate this game. great work by the developers specially the music and the graphics are just awesome.
beatrice becker : this game litteraly changed my life. this litteraly took away all my stress. its a beautiful game, with calming music, and llamas. like who dosen't like llamas . i haven't even come across 1 problem so far, and i've been playing for a while. i this game so much. it's a must dowload
not rich : u will feel sad when u lose . because u can't watch the awsome view any more .
rohit lal : simple and relaxing i just lost myself in other dimension while playing. not about addiction but about peace
a google user : omg it's great. a bit hardish like the old guy chasing you and stuff but otherwise super fun
ellie comstock : there is a lag on button press after crashing on my galaxy s8. please fix i love this game
jack love vlogs : sound quality just awesome, it is relaxing game , great music accurately mixed with nature sounds makes this game more loveable , put ur headphones and play u gonna like it
shitin sahu : awesome game. however, it is not able to keep the screen from turning off. so, i have to increase my backlight timeout to keep playing smoothly.
anand suresh : its one of the best games i have ever played, graphics are excellent, controls are also excellent. above all its a relaxing game, i reduces my tension and stress
nathan henrikson : this is a great game. it has soothing music and beautifully simple graphics. i'd love to see it expand with new music, characters, and maybe maps
logan parenteau-sugden : amazingly beautiful. if you don't like this game something is wrong with you its beautiful, realistic-ish, fun and if you dis this game o want you dead
gage : my favorite mobile game paid or free, looks great and is a relaxing time killer that doesn't get old or try and money drain you or bother you with ads.
meridian - vivek : being forced to see ads is a biiig put off and sets off all the work they have done in the game.
xfi izzi : can anyone tell me how to double jump, for god sake i've always failed at the cliff because i dont jump high enough, damn it, someone pls help me
dcnc metalworks : this is the best game i have ever played on a smartphone. zen mode is perfect. and the challenges are just as fun. love it!
salmonan : just great, tahts all, it's just great, especially zen. it helps me relax and it takes away some stress
nirav shah : pleasant game with beautiful graphics and music, gives positive vibes. i mostly play in zen mode, just endless mountains and soulful music without any worry of scores.
abi : its a awesome and addictive game. the mountains and snow swipes me into the lonely place.... just needs improvement in its graphics. loved it
gurkanwar singh sra : can't sync the progress through different devices, it only knows i'm on certain level, but won't actually put me there. shame. otherwise its a great game. hope to see it fixed in further releases.
athreya : when i take my head phone and play this game. the music and sound effects and scenaries take me away from this rushed world ...i am not in concious when i play this game... its takes me back to the childwood. .adn dreams...
shivam yadav : i can improve the graphics it gives a trip when i get high seriously it damm obviously its 2d but it doesn't concern i like it
jerry oheneba - kusi : i thought this game is really good because it's a good time killer because i started at 6:00 stoped at 8:00 and only felt like 10 minutes.
soosan : very addictive but also relaxing. i love the graphics and the art and the soundtrack i think it's all gorgeous. i like that the zen mode was implemented as it caters to a wider audience with that feature.
kaleb johnson : excellent game. will keep you busy for days and weeks. not as much fun once you beat all of the goals but it takes a while to get there.
jrive183 : incredible and simple gameplay. the audio quality is unbelievable for both music and the game itself. the devs put a lot of work and effort into this game and it really shows. easily 5 stars.
zachary smith : it got boring after about 30 minutes becuase it felt the same. also the upgrades cot to much. its a cute game though.
finley fellows : i absolutely love this game. i accidentally deleted it once and couldn't find it. but here it is! yay!
jasmine greene : used to be annoyed i couldn't listen to my music and listen to game sounds. but i got used to either my music or the game music/sounds. now even when i turn the music/sounds off, my music volume gets lowered. that is highly annoying and i haven't played in a while since i prefer to listen to my own music at a higher volume than the game allows. if you could put an on/off toggle for the music/sounds, that would be great.
manoj jangra : this game is awesome to play . have some bugs which i found. please increase flip speed and jumping problem is there at some points and a bug or restart at the same point after watching video when the player is in ditch it stuck there after survivng.
yung jello : amazing game!the controls are easy and the game itself is pretty fun!definitely a 5 star game.although, there is this glitch where if you tap to change your character and tap to start at the same time, the character choices are still on the screen.then once the run is over,in the home screen it's all blurry and the character choices are there.this easy to fix by just leaving the game,but just the only and annoying glitch in this awesome game.
blue scar : you should add weather where there is snow falling and there is like a level of snow. but i do the game.
alanna johnson : i would give this game more stars, if i could. gorgeous graphics and music, realistic change of night/day and seasons, this game is too perfect.
a google user : brilliant! as someone with anxiety, this game is relaxing, and the zen mode really helps me to calm down, the only improvement i would suggest is different settings to spice it up a bit, but mostly its a perfect game : )
haumi lamare : this is the most beautiful game i've ever played on my phone. i cried listening to the beautiful music in zen mode
a google user : it is relaxing, controls are great. graphics is one of the best in mobile games; it is aesthetically pleasing. a must play for people who enjoyed games like limbo and journey.
sourav banik : with a pixel like not so detailed graphics also an addictive game can be made, noddlecake just proved that. played for 3 years , and it was damn good i say !
dark horse : the most melodious,pure and synchronous game i ever played . the music is so sweet that it may make you sleep
s r : this game makes me calm down, makes me feel at peace. not many games do that. truly a masterpiece of game development.
a google user : the game has a good sound and graphics also like the small detailing this game is awesome for the pass that's why i'm giving it five stars
kimberly julia duffield : calming and relaxing environment allows me to relax and enjoy while spending minutes perfecting my new character and skills. reaction time, attention to details, consistency and longevity are all personal skills you will develop while playing this game. i have it on my computer, now i get to play it on my phone too.
willys vandestio : this game is awesome yet relaxing. the only problem is i think is whenever i dash too fast with either izel or tupa, i can't seem to pick up super coins or power up items like magnets, etc. i just passed it like the items doesn't existed. is it a bug?
rajashri shinde : nice game, but i was very disappointed and uninstalled it. i had reached level 6 in 2 days, and on the third day it again reached to level 1. don't know why.
henry swann : a game that made me fall in love with what mobile gaming can be again. gorgeous, calming and engrossing.
a google user : the new zen mode is so relaxing. and for me this is the most elegant and exquisite game which give me another feelings of solitary. thank you
chad denard andrada : this game is really great. the controls are simple and it's a good time killer. it even looks more beautiful if set on full screen on a galaxy s8.
ej m : great game, love the graphics and it does not lag in my nearly full phone. however, the gameplay must be made more thrilling because i admit it is a bit boring but still it is still a great game good job noodlecake!
farah malik : i love it it is so amazing. i never get bore with it.i hope you will make more games like this one.
raunak chhatwal : it's a really good game when you just need to distress and forget about your worries for a little while
nurpus : the best mobile game. the only bad thing is that there's not enough of it.
lrke ackrey pedersen : at level 51, i am still loving this game! the graphics and music make it perfect for releasing stress...
aquaholic : absolutely stunning game. the graphics are spectacular yet simple, and utterly stunning for a mobile game. the gameplay is incredibly fun and gets you hooked immediately. the whole app is a masterpiece; from the graphics to the relaxing music, you can really see the effort and care put into this game. i love it.
rohan kumar : superb game. been addicted since first day. but new updates have made the game and touch jump highly insensitive.
david flagg : beautiful game but very repetitive. it cycles through day and night so at (game) night you can barely see what is going on.
progamertv : i was looking for peace calming mind games, but when i saw this game i realised that there are some good games in the world . thanks developers for keeping me happy
1036 qistie : i think i finally founded the game that make me feel calm. especially the sound congratulation to the director; ryan cash, the producer; jordan rosenberg and others
s4n5 wilson : there is no way to describe this game. it is beautiful, and you can tell lots of effort was put into it. i am interested to know what song was used in zen mode. thank you, developers, for making this game.
nick a : where to start with this game. the music is spectacular, and so are the graphics. the controls are simple, but yet the game can be hard at times. this is the best mobile game i've ever seen.
ali hassan : this game is good but something is missing. you get bored easily
shivam shah : you should have to do importants in the controls and the obstacles are very small to see you should increase the obstacle size
rafael santos : very easy to pick, not much depth to the gameplay it seems, but still a very enjoyable game with a beautifully minimalistic design, both visually and from a sound aspect.
fancy taco : i really like the game, but i don't like how when it swiches to night it gets really hard to see and tell what's going to trip me up or if its just a tree.
ash : the ambient music, simple gameplay, and stunning graphics create a relaxing atmosphere perfect for unwinding after a long day.
itsnatasharaina : actually i always not give my reviews bt this game just make me to write my review... its awsm game n so good and the best part about this game is the zen mode n earphone recommendation the background music is so motivational i just love the beats...love it
erick orallo : the sound as you glide through snow on your board is very relaxing and the gameplay is simple enough to enjoy. i do encounter occasional bugs where touch controls to anywhere else works except for the jump. restarting the game works but i hope you fix this soon.
gee berg : looks nice but the gameplay itself is nothing new. don't really understand why it's rated so highly when the market is saturated with these sort of side scrolling games
anamika sharma : this game is so use ful to me . i have to be the worst player . but still it is so epiiic
adelaine andres : best game i have ever played on a mobile. it's so simple yet so immersive. each time i play there's always something that makes me appreciate how well-developed and thought-out alto is. from my aesthetics and gaming-loving heart, thanks for this piece of art.
keyvan chibaee : the graphics are awesome but i didn't get on well with these controls they're simple but not professional... (totally good game)
ben skywalker : boring and dumb overrated game about a kid with poor snowboarding skills who gets murdered by a serial killer/pedophile for no reason usually ends in a tragic death of kid.
blazingbirdy : this is by far the most amazing mobile game i have ever played in my whole life. the graphics, music, and plain pit gameplay is so beautiful and satisfying. plus it's free on samsung. i can't say the same for any apple device haha
chris godwin : have never reviewed anything, but this deserves a lot of credit. great gameplay and amazing soundtrack; which i managed to find on spotify, it's that good. great work and thank you.
saurabh agnihotri : game is quite good, graphics are awesome, been playing this game for more than a year but recently a bug in game is introduced, at high speeds player can't collect any coins, magnet, etc fix this and game is 5 star
gaurav das : one of the most addictive and immersive games i've ever played...it is certainly a keeper once you've installed it....a must download and i can bet you're never gonna feel like uninstalling it
dylan carter : fun and easy to pick up and play, stick some headphones in and enjoy the sounds in zen mode. only thing i think can be improved is reducing the noise of the snowboard and letting the background noise come forward.
jason guevara : a beautiful and amazing game with such calm music plus it reminds me of playing sonic adventure 2 battle. :)
zakariya talab : a beautiful game with amazing gameplay. simplistic yet addictive, truly a great game.
dino mari palanca : so beautiful. makes you feel so peaceful and free especially during zen mode. thanks so much. there should be more thoughtful people like you out there!
caitlyn porter : i used to play this game all the time a while ago and i really loved it but i just recently re-downloaded it and i can't get past the tutorial. every time i get to the chasm jump i die and i've tried everything i know to get past it. i wish there was a way to skip the tutorial.
puru raj singh uppal : a great casual game to play for fun and enjoyment. fills you with positivity. try the great zen mode to relax by enjoying the flow of calm music and beautiful scenery passing by!
shinobu hagakure : after reaching level 61, now my life is so empty without goals.
shane lyden : sooo easy to control. i can't wait for some more unique characters and power ups in the next update too!
ranyodh singh 057 : omg this game is crazy . i do review of games very rearlly but this game forced to do that so . its amazing game . i recommend everyone to play this game . i enjoyed it very well and i hope u all gyes will also enjoy this game very nicelly.....
pinheadlarry : very addictive. a really great way to pass your time. also i have to say, the graphics are very nice, the background is very very cool. just to simplify it, it's an addictive game with great graphics.
anabear : there is this glitch where once you blow the illama and crush, trip or bounce on a rock the entire screen starts flipping about.
gilson khert sabile : i really really love this game, thank you! and the zen mode is the best because it helped me relax after studying.
raffarrazzi rafy : nice game. i wish there was a paid version to avoid annoying ads. i hate ads! thats why i gave you 4
brcc : overall a very nice game. it has beautiful graphics even though they aren't highly detailed. it is a very relaxing game too so it is great to play anytime :)
mohnish pujari : a simple calming game which isn't difficult to get addicted to. but playing this game for more than a year now and still not bored.
daniel mildon : great solid game that is fun when you're bored. doesnt have ads, doesn't have ridiculous microtransactions. a really great game clearly made by a passionate team
mr invisible : it keeps crashing on me when the reindeer guy starts chasing me, it's awesome other than that
aegis 045 : a simple fun game. the soundtracks and simplicity of the game make it very relaxing, especially the new feature "zen mode" with some amazing music and endless gameplay i find this game a fun and relaxing experience for a indie game.
thedruckmusicgames : i like games with rats. there were no rats evident in this god forsaken pile of manu bennett fecies. for the love of chin chin at least put one rat in the game. and who the heck was that pirate in the fourth level?! he was without a doubt the worst pirate i've ever heard of. (but i suppose i have heard of him at least.) i just want one damn game with a rat infestation! is that too much to ask?! and to whomever thinks this game is good, go back to russia ya commie! know your place, trash!
hina asim : it's a fun little game where you get to do cool tricks and it can really calm you down if you have a lot of stress
karma : its so relaxing with the and but its fun and when u see the deers running or what ever they are u feel happy they best thing is there are no adverts and it's not a competitive game so u don't get angry u just feel relaxed instead
giovanni hipp : this game is one of my new favorites! it's fun, a great time killer, and has amazing and beautiful music and graphics!
benoit filion : one of the best games i've ever played on a phone. it's really a nice time killer and can be quite relaxing as well. the graphics are awesome. must try!
asokan perumbully : when i started playing this game, i was alto for sometime. the background score makes it so real. really loved it.
carlos r : i love the zen mode. beautiful background music and sounds. you can play forever without worrying about your score or falling, just to enjoy the ride, the music and nature. beautiful game i love it!
cyka blyat : just add the setting to remove night mode, this night is a awful i can't see anything while night
esther barnett-moody : it's the best game ever! though i have passed so many levels and i am the best player in my whole family.
incredikad x : this is one game that has lasted during the years of deleting all others. zen mode was a huge +. i really hope this game continues to evole and does not ruin what made it an awesome game! i never get bored with this game.
benjamin mark daley : what can i say . impossible to stress with this games it has cool movement and positive music to ease you into the groove . and a zen mode to sit back an relax too i use it after work with a burbeon
christopher thome : easy to learn game play that ramps up the challenge as you improve. graphics are artistic and beautiful. this game is addictive to say the least!
21 feminist : alto's adventure is simply breath takingly beautiful. and i can say without a doubt, i could never get tired of playing this game.
quadfly360 : really do love this game but since last update it's been a bit glitchy. don't think it's my phone!
farhanah hussain : great game, a bit buggy but nothing that troubles me. perhaps add a scoreboard to see high scores? best distance etc
tristan alexander : this is one of the best games i've played in android and plss make more new characters.. this game is awesome
daedalus mdw : lost my data, lost my rating. have a look at traffic rider by soner kara for a good example how to manage data. shame, it was a great game, too. lots of fun, but not going to re do all those hours.
irfan qureshi : if you were moving from ios to android. and, you have spent hours and hours playing this game on ios, then don't expect to have all your progression move over to android there is currently no way to do that this is confirmed by the developer
tim bauer : really fustrated when the video to keep going fails so you spend the coins to keep going and then the pop up says video unavailable when you are playing. then you crash
jonathan varghese : the new version rocks man . i am very pleased with the game ,controls and not forgeting to mention the graphics.
damian ganzolo : it's a very calm game never seen a game with these type of graphics either even the sound is really calming
j. cerda : add these 2 features please! 1) save replays 2) race against a friend. once you die during the race, you'll watch your friend until he dies.
joseph anderson : this game is for anyone of any age and is time consuming. i love this game!
sameer verma : this game just blown my mind! awesome graphics! the beautiful background music are a treat to listen. loved the transition of day & night. hatsoff to the whole team.
trent w : just finished the game! not many games i've played for this long. once you get the wing suit is gets pretty addictive. love the mix of 3d and 2d graphics, everything is smooth and sharp. cheers
harvey silverson : it's a good game, especially the zen mode is good for relaxing. good graphics and very nice musics. i really like the game.
dylan raftery : amazing! the best way to unwind after a tough exam! for me, zen mode is where it really shows through! easily my favourite app right now!
vivek patel : what makes this game beautiful is its minimal graphics and mesmerizing background music . the zen mode is awesome. can you please add support for music playback even when device is locked? that will make this game super cool
t h o t s l a y e r : it's a really nice looking game, it just got boring after a while
a google user : it's awesome game when you are bored and it works without internet. it's simple sweet
shreyansh nawlakha : probably the only endless run that i like to play when i need to relax. the
music is very pleasant! this has a very simple gameplay which is its usp. i
think that introducing a story into it would make it complex. the game is
good as it already is!
jaswant singh : the game is very relaxing. other games make you stressed when you don't win but this game is quite different.
deb nicole : so relaxing! great if you have anxiety, since it soothes and keeps your attention.
a google user : i loved this game. finished all 180 goals in a few weeks
sachin mahesh : mind soothing. the background music is soo relaxing and the sun rise and the sun set is just wow. you have to try this game
daniel rocque : simple but addicting, they fixed the update i have no problem playing it. and love it
drake hipple : the game has amazing graphics and with the different characters and amazing and soothing music, it couldn't be better.
bee hay : i love the game. made it past the tutorial mode, and then had to switch phones. now after downloading the game again, can't pass the tutorial. it really should be a way to skip tutorial. you shouldn't be prevented from enjoying the full game just because you can't pass the tutorial. options please????
shashank murjani : it's such a relaxing game. the background music is superb and i loved the zen mode.
bret kempler : my son loved to watch me play this from age 1 to 2. before bed to wind him down.
a google user : the app is simple to use yet provides enough of a challenge to keep you engaged. the scenery and attention to detail to something like the lights turning off at sunrise or llamas jumping to dodge you really add to beauty of this game.
the kingsident : been playing for three days. it's got great graphics, sweet game play, and the music is just amazing. no complaints, although it will be great to be able to nose flip!
kinga : i signed into the game again and apparently all my progress was reset, even in play games, where i had been shown that i can "continue" playing and all seemed to be as it should. i had been playing on another phone and had a significant amount unlocked so this is frustrating. can my progress be recovered?
a google user : cannot wait for alto's odyssey. never have i seen such gameplay on a 1 gb device. no lag or frame skip. one of the best games out there. also the music and graphics are top notch.
steward : good graphics, nice game mechanics and it's fun to play. wish they would make another character or new unlockable sectrets. overall great game!
tom ya : this game is different from the others in a good way, it's peaceful and gorgeous and i really think it's a great game for unwinding and relaxing.
cyida xehra : there's no way to escape an elder to save a character until he hits you & you die.... & the character is not able to jump high over a great distant chasm...& the trial never comes to an end that's all are the failure of your game.
amit parhi : the best game in playstore i have ever played. graphics and smoothness is awesome. and the best part is its music. wow!!!! i have completed the whole journey of 22hrs playing zen mode w/o any fatigue. thanks for the beutiful piece.
e simons : its so amazing! realistic views and such amazing music! way better than subway surfers, minion rush, and tomb run 1 & 2!
john capolino : nice graphics but really boring. more about reaction time than skill.
stephan bezoen : it's really a fun game to play, but it doesn't take taps as it should, and that gets annoying
a google user : the game looks amazing and plays well but the background objects clutter the screen making the intractable objects hard to see.
santanu dey : no offence but, the concept of the game reminded me of temple run. else its a fun game. sorta addictive though!
rosie : this game was absolutely beautiful, the music and fx really were super relaxing and calming and i really recommend this game if like me you have anxiety or stress etc because it really helped me calm down.
rodney griffin : playing continuously on zen mode with the beautiful score representing day/night is a truly wonderful experience.
shaquwan smalls : very relaxing and fun. i would play this all day long if i didn't have to work
sasha feighner : i adore this game! its great for anxiety relief and just fun all around. some of the buttons dont respond consistently but its not annoying enough to really detract from the game.
lukas holtkamp : this game is beautiful. the graphics are nice, gameplay is also great. but you know what the greatest thing is? the sound and the music. thanks for that great game
g tech : *was* a great game but after the recent changes i cant recommend it to anyone. when will people/developers learn? if it's not broke its best not to change it.
kayliaf : i mostly loved this game, but for some reason it kept on crashing when i started levels. but otherwise, this game is amazing!
unsensible mischeif : zen mode is quite possibly the best thing to ever come out of a mobile game.
kara danaher : such a relaxing and addictive game with a lot of effort put into the graphics (which runs very smoothly) i hope in the future there's added actions you can control whilst playing. also, a larger selection in the workshop. :)
some stranger : kudos to developers for a great game. just need a bit of tweak with frequent updates
dattatraya shembekar : really great game best ever mood fixer really really loved it... no words really! just outstanding! but please make the normal mode music even better..
nishant mistry : i have completed the entire adventure! best game i have ever played! this game, background, the fly, the sunrise and fall, the change of seasons, the elements, the features and specially the music are all soothing! appreciated!
a google user : this is a lovely game and i really enjoy playing it, but could we please have the option to buy it from you without adverts? they really are ruining the game play and i would prefer to not have to constantly sit through adverts for things that i don't want!
maria v : my favourite game ever! i have surpassed level 50 and i'm still playing! one thing i want to say to the developers is that while the llama horn is in effect and you smash a rock, the screen glitches for a second. regardless the game is flawless!
ritochit barua : hats off to the developers for such a lovely game. it is so relaxing and immersive... thank you especially for the zen mode: an absolute stress buster. and also thank you for the brilliant soundtrack. keep up the brilliant work. cheers!
andrey voznyuk : amazing graphics, beautiful music, exciting gameplay. i love this game. it's an example for other game developers, how to create really cool games. thank u for your work guys! :d
domenico savio : bad. bought the game but still need to watch ads.... worst gsme ever
a google user : zen mode is the best thing ever invented. feels like a dream.
issam messaoudi : first off cuz that hovering thing is not only usless but it prevents you from collecting coins and llamas .. second: apart from completing certain missions, u can tottally ignore llamas .. third some missions are too lame , like spook off birds .. bruh i dont dont do a single thing then i find mission complete spooked 60 birds ... and more trashy stuff .. so naahh program another game
tyrique white : a really great game and all but i think they should add tricks to the game like grabs and etc.
jason thomas : stuck once i unlocked the final character , need more inventory items
jyothish kk : cool game.so calm gameplay.really like the background music.i extremely liked it. thanking you for such a wonderful experience
a google user : i think the graphics are ok but it could be better would be nice if the tricks wasn't so basic and simple as well
nick murray : needs an option to only have daytime mode. if you are playing in the sun even with brightness at full you can't see anything when it's in night scene.
michael soutar : love this game but for crying out loud why is there no paid option to get rid of the ads? give me 3 lives to start with or something
joshua vannall : makes you think about home ur real home and where u come from its a fun and relaxing game, love the music makes me think about a sight that u never seen before while tha music from this game is playing
wanda scott : when i play it feels like i am the charter and snowboarding the whole would
allan joshua : when i play this i have no concenration in other work it is very additive
kashika kownden : great game. it let you start again at least 5 times before you had to watch a video. amazing!
preyansh bhupal : the melody, the scenery, the weather.. everything about this game is amazing..playing it actually relaxes me and i never get bored of it...
nishant sharma : i am in love. i want to be in this game. thanks for the zen mode. the feel the music. it's beautiful and its my favorite game.
buzz lightyear : have never been so blown away by a mobile game, outshined all my standards. 10/10
tathagata sinha roy : best game played in 2017 so far!! graphics, content, gameplay.. everything's top notch. the changing weather and time at the background while playing adds too much punch to the playability.
a google user : this game really helped me with my adhd especially on the road
nick rush : its gay do not buy it kidding its really good
kratosand zues : this game could not be better it sounds realistic and the gameplay is good 9/10
mary jenkins : best to pay this in the fall and winter, lol it's more immersive. but i love this game non the less.
john smith : if i was a pro at this game i will give out all of my fidgets !
adoni : these game is awesome it is similar to ski safari but these is grate . oh and it have nice graphics
anamaria basic : this is by far the best free game ever made. the music, sounds, visuals... everything is perfect, and the fact that there is a zen mode made this game 1000 times better than it already is. 10/10 best game ever. good job, game developers!
tyler crane : i wish the flips were faster. everything after that is awesome.
pranay jyoti maitra : this is a beautiful game espicially when played in zen mode in headphones.i love this this game. this also make me nostalgic.. really a luving game
jan luka maticic : it's the best game i've ever played in months. the music is relaxing and the movement smooth. i'd very much like if you would add an update. keep the good work and make more games
a google user : it is a fun game. i don't like to play it for long periods of time, but it's a good time killer! you should defiantly try this game!
mxses : this game is awesome. but someone please tell me how to jump the stupid chasm!!!!
nick : played this a lot, great game and you can just get lost in it
martines jr namingha : it's a really fun game that looks great and plays great! i constantly find myself playing it over and over again.
m g : beautiful everything about this game is wonderful soothing and just simply amazing definitely something everyone should try.
finn // toni d. : i love this game! it is a nice time killer and an all around beautiful game. i would like to make a suggestion. when you unlock a new character, can you change the music? make alto have a specific background song and make maya and the others have different melodies relating to their personality. that would be awesome! ^.^
edy pramono : the obstacles really hard to notice. but overall really nice game.
richman nwosa : the zen mode soundtrack just took this game to a whole new level! definitely my game of the year. played this game for 3 days straight (just took lil breaks to eat and bathe)!
ian fergus : this is a beautiful mobile game that doesn't get boring. i play this when i have nothing to do.
abd elrahman mohammed : watching ads for money button stops working after reaching an advanced level
abdullah nasir : set up your gameplay to full screen on s8+. it screen size is not full on my phone.
louie cafarella : just an absolutely stunning game. noodlecake has once again proved they're one of the best game makers in existence. might we see a sequel? one can dream.
a google user : brilliant and relaxing game is so awesome.i am not good with the jump.
saransh khurana : good game i love the zen mode. endless surfing and the lovely music makes it feel good
kshitiz : lovely game, best game for an android phone great music and gameplay is very simple it's just amazing
p sk : hmm nice but jumping over gaps is little difficult overall a nice game
laura grace : beautiful, relaxing... the music makes me feel hopeful (weird i know) zen mode is yummy.
corey shaughnessy : the game is great, but they've started putting pop-up ads in every time you open it. ads in a paid game! eff you!
splndid nrzy : omg this game is just awesome. i'm falling in love with it.
mr. parkour : it's okay, but it still has some frustrating moments.
winnie li : amazing game but i wish they would add more things such as a different landscape
jon ozolins : it's a beautiful game that lets the aesthetics get in the way of gameplay. the day/night cycle looks nice, but it renders the game nearly unplayable as things get darker and darker. would be nice to be able to disable that.
victor isa : this game is absolutely amazing,the gameplay and music are really great. good job to the creators of this lovely game!!
zlatko g : beautiful vsuals, remind me of journey. gameplay is simple yet challenging. very well done!
swat_wave : the only thing i can say about this game is that it is absolutely amazing
moggy : great mobile game all around, it's like a side scrolling version of race the sun and there isn't much bad to say about it, the cost to revive is a but excessive but if u don't like it then don't die
varenya : simple game play, very attractive graphics with awesome music + sounds.. loved it!
kaloyan ivanov : there was an issue with it but after the upgrade the game is back to amazing.its a great relaxing game and the music is just perfect.
naim shaikh : satisfies the soul. zen mode track reaches the very depth of heart. best game in it's class.
leena ali : everything is in your control and it's a very addictive game it's has a very calming music and it's has many beautiful place it's realxing and challenging
micah burton : so relaxing... heaven to my ears and eyes... now excuse me i have a game to play.
a google user : it slows you down when you get to the ramp that's why it's hard to cross over
kekeli eni : amazing game, love the fact the was no adverts great graphics and nice music
kishan mehra : what a good game is this! i like the graphics and all. superb you are beyond world! hats off to you
ryan fernandez : really good game! the zen mode is epic! beautiful music too! you must try it with headphones!
sarthak sharma : this is a game that made me cry with happiness great job folks
shysie vreeman-runge : i love this game but it won't let me jump at all. i can't really play this game if i can't jump.
sam : smartphone gaming doesn't get much more relaxing.
mike rubes : really great game but i can't see the rocks or anything very well could you mabye make the rocks a dark gray and the trees a dark green please
umesh khurpe : i love this game. thank you guys for such a wonderful game. all best wishes for your life.
a google user : it's really cool i strongly recommend to play this awesome gameplay app!
jothilakshmi s : everybody tells complaints about the ads so please remove them
michael vella : this is the best mobile game i've played so far!
brendan kelly : one of my favorite games ruined by introduction of ads. instant uninstall.
samantha tus : i like it but there is one problem... i can sometime's land but it's a bit hard of landing :)
ron p : too difficult to see the rocks. asking for invasive permissions.
mia : oh i loved this game it's so relaxing and fun i play this game everyday now that's what i call relaxing !!!
ben bright : gorgeous visuals! i cannot stop playing.
gershon nisperos : game is beautiful, for some deep reason everytime i play alto it soothes me.
m fahmie : try to add cloud save so people can sync to other phone.keep it up :d
peggy nance : i can't jump across the the cliffs. help please.
captain sanders : a stunning and relaxing game. great visuals, smooth gameplay and over-the-top audio. cheers to the devs!
muneeb ahmed : it's simply a great game !!! if someone asks you what is the definition of fun say him to download and play alto's adventure
ian waruguru : i'm speechless. this game is one of a kind, it is beautiful, relaxing, endless, simple, calming, kind of boring but when i play the zen mode(the relaxing mode) i forget my boredom, stress, anxiety and troubles. especially with the headphones. to whoever who made this game
d m : well the place is amazing in this game it creat some lovely feelings.
thomas george : wonderful game but can get boring but still great
mohit bhatter : awesome game. you don't get bored because of new challenges at every level. good job....... hats offf
abdulrahman magdy : to jump the chasm you should do a back flip
the saiproductions : definitely worth playing, whether for the music or its game play. it's calming and fun in one!
bib media : the gameplay and specially the background music is just awesome they give me goosebumps
giovanni : amazing game, bit if you've done a massive run, how does alto get back to his home? but still an a great game, i really enjoy zen mode
jordan scarrott : most relaxing android game i've played. great music, art style, and simple mechanics.
jesse gabriel : this game is awesome and fun and it's super relaxing. please download this game. its a great game that deserves your download
andrew cooper : one of the greatest mobile games ever made. can't wait for the sequel!
lovish pandey : what i really liked about this game is its music...it's just so soft relaxing and sweet to ears,the physics system is responsive, graphics are nice,but for me,the audio stole the show..
michael spillane : the watch video to revive you does not work. :(
joel cramer : insane game in all my phns i have this game because it is such a good game
a google user : lots of hype about nothing. try it. i did, then deleted it. meh game.
abhishek kumar : no words nice to play and rexal to hear the music
linda yattaw : worst game ever dont waist your time
justin michael : the gameplay, background music, controls are very very relaxing. simply superb game
arnav ultron : it's simple and beautiful game it does not frustrate me and best of all is the zen mode
jai raj : i love this game. it's got a really soothing music and a decent proper game concept
sankar bej : this game is truly amazing. it's beautiful, aesthetic. i really love the music, very relaxing & calming.. & the graphics is very pleasing & i love how the weather changes, the storms, the night, the orange sun. beautiful.
duncan sauer : i love this game its graphics and easy controls. the simplicity of it is wonderful.
christopher wallgren : really fun game to play while you have free time :)
jahomiejude : best infinint runner game ive played!! much better than subway surfer.
dan porter : fantastic game, relaxing yet challenging, beautiful yet haunting, simple yet engrossingly complex.
a google user : totally loved it. smooth game play and comforting music. zen mode is peaceful.
kumar b n kumar : foolish app and there are no proper goals for adventure
nicolas mcdonald : this game is fun unlocking new characters and completing the goals. the goals get harder as you go!
allen sulzen : this is literally my favorite game. i'm so glad jack black invested in it.
austin a : fun game. wish there was a bit more to do. great graphics and characters.
shreyas : amazing and easy game while also being challenging. simple controls and offers hours of fun.
a google user : i love the scene it looks so real! it's really awesome you should try it when you get a chance
a google user : this game is a work of art. a true masterpiece that brings peace to the players.
fernando perez : an all around beautiful game with a simple premise. i would recommend this to anyone!
pontus weden : great timesink, only wish there was a donate feature to the devs.
mm m. : amazing game! i hope to see new characters and other updates!
yash chauhan : thank you for x86 update package. now game runs constantly smooth.
cayden johnson : best all around game i've ever played for mobile.
christine van niekerk : this game is so calming and beautiful. i love the music and it just makes me so happy.
jon h : very relaxing only occasionally frustrating. i usually use it to unwind
a google user : perfect!!! the music is so relaxing, and the changing of the day is very satisfying. i highly recommend you download this amazing game!!!!
skobisco : love the game, the music, theme and colours really makes this game demand my attention
mark pitout : great gameplay. awesome immersive experience. love zen mode!
stephen ellis : i play in zen mode and it's really hypnotic. the music is beautiful too.
the arbiter gaming : my favourite game so far. after playing it i feel calm. love the game
timothy ramsay : zen mode would be better with the bgm from normal mode. i find that one more relaxing.
chamithu gunawardana : wish if there was more tricks and stuff in the gameplay.. graphics and music is good
kevith bopege : you should totally add a lan or multiplayer mode.. loved this game and the zen mode is cool.
cyndi luke : great game this game is so awesome me and my friend do a challenge on who goes the farthest.
daligdig jona : i so love the minimalis graphics. the controls are game friendly
wyatt bryan : the most satisfying soundtrack ever. zen mode is a nice addition
arthur morgan : this game's music needs a great appreciation. i am waiting for the sequel of this game with more music.
lord savage : i would love to see a alto's adventure 2 thats free
shasif sabir : this game was amazing i love this game and i tell all of my friends to download aalto's adventure
a google user : it is breathtaking. i can almost imagine myself being there.
adrian ferguson : i think this game is great. its simple bit very amusing
wazeem ahamed : good game and need a good update in graphics and audio and recently showing ads..
crappy keys : a game that is made to calm our mind. thanks a lot makers
shea : i've been known to sit and play this too long. it's peaceful and it's addictive and it's fun. i'm happy with the different characters too.
zach king : it is a beautiful game with awesome music. when i need to relax, i play this amazing game.
william walu : the music is perfect and the challanges are... satisfying. this game is awsome
a google user : amazing game ! the graphics is great and the music is relaxing ! super charming game.. loved it
skymaster : it's a fun and easy game with some really soothing background music.
sukanti dwibedy : awesome gameplay, super awesome music.. even better with headphones
fasnan wismara agni : first i saw this game, i know this is one of the best game in play store.
arindam das : absolutely soothing to the senses. the most beautiful android game ever
repetitive : i think their should be more modes and more stuff to buy but it's great
pranesh pranesh : i want to give 1000000000000000 for this game.its cool and nice. great game ever.
john doe : wow! i often just sit after a fall in zen mode and enjoy the sights! utterly amazing "game"
a google user : extremely well made, artistic, easy to play, and rewarding for leveling up.
madison alley : i really enjoyed the graphics and soundtrack. not only that but it could be stress reliving too.
summer wauchope : i just love it it just really really fun and relaxing and makes me feel better and i love all the new challenges and new levels
anissa lay : this game is great and relaxing. this is the perfect game for when you just want to unwind and relax.
soroush k,persian : awesome game! but i waiting for comeing in this game on microsoft support for one of xbox games on android phone! thanks.
jaya teja : i love the music in zen mode and the game i love it, zen mode is so good and relaxing and totally love it
lil' legit : cool view and graphics also the light of the moon and sun.. also i like the landscape too (^-^)
yamini sharma : this is a beautiful game. it has beautiful music and a soothing effect and the game is awesome.
abhinav kumar : there's no doubt that this is one of the coolest games i have ever played
josh bernitt : beautifully crafted. music is exquisite. scenery is mesmerizing. most
gorgeous mobile game ever
nazmi aiman : cannot log in google account...pls fix this
brett evans : amazing relaxing sounds neatly done, wish there was more apps like this.
jeffrey bondoc : very relaxing game! the music, combined with the simple gameplay draws you in for hours! highly recommended.
shivam pal : one of the best looking games on playstore, menu reminded me of win7 aero.
a google user : my kids love this game . i suggest everyone to download this app and enjoy
trups g : i deleted it but good too sad music
daisy main : the cell shaded graphics make it calm and atmospheric. controls are awesome. definitely recommend
hypenotic 405 : really good. but can add a back button to tilt the other way plz
cheap trick : also is like so cool it's like the best game ever the graphics are amazing the controls are amazing it's like so cool
zikell : it's a really good game but you make it free for iphone users also
illiaan plays : this game is a great time waster and it is soo addictive i love this game
jishnu jayakumar : great adventure game i love so much fantastic game and thanks to the developer of this game for bring us this game
jessica hoard : it's a great game! but i don't understand why it's called "alto's adventure" bit you have other characters other than alto?
rounak chaki : possibly the best offline time-spender ever created!
muhammad norman ibrahim : superb game, i wish it will be a more character and more new places
elbert : i love the fact that a simple game like this can be better with great music, background, and ambience
jessi aldaba : it's everything i like it has good controls gameplay and good graphics
ben spratt : add front flips and 180 turns
conley webb : i don't know what to say it's all so great
mohiyudheen kunhimon : omg this icon game is so beautifully designed to see and play it
mwango chisanga : such a great game looks so peaceful love playing it
daddy yankee : very beautiful fun and relaxing game i just loved it
a google user : so cool but i wish games were better
greta russell : it pretty good because i love snow skkeying
spud_nugget : i love this game great controls and an even better atomesphere
obelisk 09 : thi game is my favorite its really good
tj bruner : good job on making the game if you are going to make a second game
foster harris : this game it...makes me feel alive thank you noodlecake thank you
alex owens : the best mobile game i have ever played and it is very relaxing
alex adventures : thanks for making such a great time killer relaxing arcade like game
jacob welton : love this game because i know you are going to be able to make it better than this
anas mourad : this game is amazing and it has a lot of uses it even supports the people to adventure in snow
adrian walton : beautiful visuals and lovely background music. really like zen mode.
a google user : this game is so amazing i love it i would say that people should download this game love it
alexander west : the objectives that it gives you makes this game fullfiling and addictive. a rare combination.
steven james : the guy on the icon is going the wrong way.
william wade : it was pretty good but they need to change the speed of the game
aiden roberts : one of the simpilest game but it is so fun and never gets old
shoxsulton xusenov : omg one of the best mobile game s ive ever played
morg3n the first : if you like exploring the mountains then this is your type of game
muhammad rashid sajjad : best game ever i seen on ply store nice music too
ab mishra : nice game but you have to add frontflips also there is only backflip rest everything is fantabulous
chandu kalavakuri : i never get bored of this game.
thegenz rapper : this game is the best time killer i have ever played great graphics i would recommend this app
black kat : perfect graphics,perfect background,perfect perfect perfect don't change a thing also addictive
aniket pradhan : a minimalistic game you get addicted to very quickly.
gus salas : simple, elegant, soothing and visually stunning throught.
haris iqbal : wow amazing game this game make me sleep relaxing music and relaxing game play
xb pozz lim xd : this is the best game i ever played love it plzz make more games like this thanks
joseph springer : it's a very peaceful and relaxing game, could do with different maps and music
chapa perera : this really amazing... don't change it whatsoever. i mean the plot... change the designs and stuff.. add more challenges..keep it updated... thumbs up team..!
luke kramer : if you like skiing. you will probably like this game
dan owen : amazing game, easy to play tough to master!
a google user : wingsuit controls are absolutely terrible, ruins the game
markos herr : love the game, graphics, controls and everything else. a must need game.
a google user : very relaxing game with great graphics. a peaceful environment and a relaxing music. loved it so much.
georgy zhukov : one of the best games i have ever played.. fantastic graphics and game physics.. great work guys..!!
suraj sahoo : very good game to cool down when ur angry
a j a y : very interesting and good graphics easily times are going...
stolenwifi : this game is awesome! and i also love lamas!
diego : relaxing and enjoyable game! it's just beautiful!
a google user : i do not think deer get run over and there should not be a guy on the sledge
midhun manmadhan : excellent art work and amazing soundstrack ..best game ever
a google user : love alto's adventure, waiting for part 2
shard : absolutely beautiful and incredibly relaxing, amazing game :)
wazil ansyari : nice gameplay, and i love flat design art in this game.
a google user : this game is very addicting and amazing graphics. i play this game everyday! i love all the characters......and the llamas!
angelandmichael mills : i own my dad in this every time love it!!
ali cuevas : the graphics are amazing!! it's pretty to snowboard though the amazing graphics!
a google user : not a real "gammer" love this game! over and over... not repetitive... soothing......
loco4candy : amazing! stress free and great time killer. also, zen mode makes me feel like i'm in a theater! it's incredible!
srishanu 789 : it gives you a total insight into inner peace when you play it in zen mode totally love it
milcah t : so relaxing!! and the music is just perfect.
d j akhilesh : excellent graphics and this game maker take a bow whenever i played game it takes another level in mood....very pleasant graphics and excellent experience .... awesome loved it.... and mood changing game no doubt 100%
intuitive nomad : not only is it fun its also pretty relaxing
james joseph : best game ever love the the grafics , love the background music just love everthing about this
toxic tech : i think this game is amazing it is somewhat like limbo
adam fred : the best game to ever play love this game very much
dinesh satyavolu : this is a very nice relaxing game that really makes that nice feeling
austin tolliver : this is the best game anybody has ever made and all those haters out there can stop hating because there is nobody that can stop them for making such a great game
tom anderson : i love it . it makes me feel very cool .
blue jay gaming : omg its so nice peaceful and cool but add skies and customize cahcter sorry dont know how to spell but that would be nice
rick willis : it is so relaxing, especially the zen mode.
zakey : simple yet amazing, especially the music, soothes mah hart, mah sol
shrisha : wow what a game soothing n immersive !!! u l get lost in d visuals and d music !!! hats off to d developer!!
robert simoncsics : amazing such a beautiful game. 100% recommend to everyone.
lalith chandra : awesome... this one's my favorite and i want to congratulate the makers as they've just created a masterpiece. i give it a thumbs up.
dre skull : it's relaxing. good game, great graphics everything a game should be.
avanindra tripathi : beautiful visuals with awesome music.but please add more levels.
tmanmayo_3- : best game in the play store in my opinion. 5 stars.
james caughley : all round great gameplay. would love extra content.
nicky : i love this game, great graphics, simple controls, and its super fun. i can play it for hours! highly recommend!!
bishal mandal : nice game. it's control and graphics is so good. very cool game.
ilya boytsov : great atmosoere. thank you guys!
eduardo mendes : really great game! needs an update, though!
frostysushi : the chasms are too hard... this is stupid
alex ionut : great artwork, great music!
karis official g : the game is really gr8...fun and addictive and i love it
ananthu stalin : the best game i have ever played in a smart phone and the zen mode is unbelievable
knives _knives : its was fun and somewhat relaxing just when you dont land a flip u get angry
raniel campos : i really love the music and it makes me sleepy then the movement of the character is so smooth
prottoy chakraborty : realky nice and adventurous but you could have added some more snowboarding skills
daniel martinsons : love this game. great gameplay awesome graphics!
oms emperorvan : it's so peaceful and addictive.
a google user : good makes me feel miss the game i'm so sad if i don't have the game .................. 10 score. thank you for creating it bye. love you all.
karel belanger : incredible and beautiful game. relaxing all the while challenging. bravo.
kunjan varia : it's amazing game with beautiful graphics...love to play every time
julio chavez : if i would describe it in one word it would be: amazing.
lisa friedrichs : just a chill game to play. great design and music too.
muhammad rizqul fauzan : when you play this game, you gonna be "rest in peace"
good person : 0 stress , well the zen mode is beautiful and awesome
akhil mathew : the best mind relaxing game i ever played.
ck quek : petty nice beautiful game. the graphics is pretty smooth.
ashish rana : impressive graphics and emersive environment plus soothing background music .
hanif : first game that i've download on my 2nd phone, just like it :d
a google user : it's a fun game to play if you want to relax
prantik saha : add some new modes it'll be more fun to play
arakhan harshtrade : simple, fun and has all the right elements to make it addictive
blue leedy : this game is absolutely beautiful and i recommend it to everyone!
anirudh bhat : i love this game but some times the hover doesn't work
a google user : super fun and addicting game! :) definitely recomend
rj nelson : graphics are amazing and it's a really relaxing game to play .
danis aldianto : the best relaxing game with gorgeous graphics and beautiful music.
sally zhou : amazing, very calming. wish it had more levels :p
mystery ,facts,horror mfh : this one of the best game i played in my life time awesome music and background loved it
ali azimi : i love zen mode. really helps me relax
s. d. : love at first sight, really fantastic.
marwan shaheen : one of the best endless slide scrollings i've ever played
nicanor perez jr. : i really love it. addictive
jason koran : this game is awesome!i love it!
devanth sehgal : best game ever played on phone . most relaxing game.
robert bennett : an all around great game!
madelynn : beautiful music and graphics. fun relaxing and addictibe gameplay
khaled : awesome game. very interesting. love it
a google user : a brilliant game with great graphics and gameplay
vrman3d : this is an artwork in design, programming, music, art, gameplay and fun. 11outof10*'s snowman!
air soteric architect : we will always want more!! more options for stunts tho..
nilesh ahamed : it's a great game. the sounds are so soothing. keep it up.
manggala maulana : addictive no score no gameover,but the graphic is nice
a google user : it is indeed an amazing experience! it also downloads very quickly
nils kauffmann : absolutely fantastic game. splendid graphics and nice music
redlight : love the art stile and the graphics. i highly recommend it
udaibir singh : lovely visuals, good fun. have plaued for hours.
reshmi senapati : it's a excellent game. must download. zen mode is the best mode. the music is relaxing
calvin olson : amazing simple graphics, for a calm, smooth, and addictive game
encik a : the most beautiful game i've ever played
camden rants : i can't stop playing this game.
ashish narayanan : wonderful graphics with different seasonal environments .. the sounds are a big bonanza too.. enjoyable game..
vikram sinha : it's osm i really like this game.
setu gupta : this game is awesome it's very relaxing game loved it #bestgameever
a google user : one of the best game i have ever played
rangeelo rajkoty : the game is simply awesome and the visuals are absolutely marvellous
chawawa : i love the zen mode its so pecaceful
mr death : nice graphics cool gameplay i love this game
prithwish : most amazing arcade game i hv ever played
viren dhar : nice game you would like it
bryce white : it was awesome and this is a real review too not the computer
mindfury : this is one of the best game son the app store
emircan keser : this is the best game ever amazing gameplay and graphics
luis ramirez : this game beautiful to many players like me
a google user : very nice game i enjoyed it very much
diego barclay : amazing game i would suggest you buy it
sajauddin mulani : looks awesome weather changing background and enjoyed music
sonia pleasant : really fun an i can play for hours
a google user : awesome but it need some special moves and jumps
a google user : it's a fantastic game i have ever seen
jamirr tonyy alfaa valerianus : awesome game i'm in love with it #alto's fan
mohd fadhil : pretty fun and simple. love the design of the atmosphere and the music.
a google user : beautiful! stunning graphics and enticing gameplay.
atharva : the graphics are so good and the background music is so good
clear bandit : the game and music is so sothing and the game is so fun
ananthu raj : good and beautiful game ,i like it.
jasi anwar : best relaxing game in play store
a google user : amazing, beautiful, stunning, describes every aspect of this game.
wei ming pan : i love this game . it made me addited
jacob green : one of the best games on the games store, very unique loved it
dustin hansen : best relaxing sit back wherever and play game.
shane goad : pretty clear copy of speed hiker with better graphics.
a google user : best game best game i ever plays his 2016-2017
genesis : lol when you go to shop hold wifi button then back to game get 500 coins
cody wyckoff : i like this game because of their good graphics.
devesh shyngle : if you want a relaxing game definitely go for this.. you'll feel calm..
jasmine may : aesthetically pleasing, the music is relaxing and graphics are beautiful.
rajesh kumar : one of the most beautiful game i've ever played
athuljith r : awesome game one of the best adventure games ever!
akabom asuquo : too many ads. it's like you guys are competing with montezuma. zero stars is what it's good for now. deleted!!
a google user : love this game but it drives me insane
a google user : amazing game to have and it's super smooth
baramee laowakul : soundtrack in zen mode is perfectly amazing with endless journey. wonderful.
benyamin shults : beatiful relaxing game. the sound is great,especially with headphones. but why can't you add a frontflip??
a google user : this is my favourite game ever
suleiman leadbitter : awesome quick gaming session with charisma.
i szea : beautiful and simple play with fun challenges.
nihara lasith : very nice please modify this game
jo co : just awesome. beautiful music and graphics
pravin lion : i like this game so much it's a awesome game for all
william beauvais : beautiful, great way to burn time
a google user : i love this game it's really cool
ricechu : when you die you have to restart the whole thing over it took me 2 hours and i still cant make it over the huge gap
naveed ahamed : its a awesome game i have ever plaued i love this game
fahadali japan : it is very cool game i am ever play this game
a google user : i love the scenery and the background music. i just love this game.
a google user : great game it takes alot of your yltime
praneeth yuvaraj : i can't even express about this game. it give a lot ...... it will be like
beyond my eyes
red coral : how can other parson like this stupid game? lol! stupid app for me.
somesh king : the game is background music excellent .
dr.s.sreelakshmi : it's very addictive and a good game
kalpan shah : zen mode is all what is needed... love the game
aulia firdaus : love love loveeee this game very much.. the graphic concept really fantastic.. omg.. the music background too.. really make my mind relax.. if you want to have a great game with relaxing.. i recommand thiss beauty gamee.. and so.. love yaaa..
abdurrahman adebomehin : the zen mode is awesome. the graphics: lush.
lucy t : i loved the graphics and it is a fun game to play
abhishek xd : this game is very smooth with a relaxing music
void wanderer : best beautiful and one of my favourite games
paps : simply amazing realistic sounds and cool backgrounds
barbie aleena : this the greatest hsme ever down load this
a google user : great but add multiplay mode plz
linkha rodriguez : best game ever such good grafics
kido hunter mpa : its very greater than i thought
aziz hakim : the best minimalist design game ever
rohit thakur : everything is perfect high five to you guys
ashmira : very nice game amazing graphics try it
wenslosaurus : all i have to say is this is an excellent game
daniel jere : this is the best game i have ever plaeyed
steve blais : the most artistic game that is addicting and serene
heejung choo : i love this peaceful game please play it
keval biju : the best game i ever downloaded
sydney's vlogs : i think its cool i like the night
andres concepcion : it is the most peaceful game ever made
a google user : it is a great game and so entertaining.
rene barcomb : it's such a beautiful and pleasant game
luke lorenz : simple, beautiful, charming and challenging.
juan molano : the best game ever! waiting for sequel
rashid aman : need to add more graphical locations.
ahmad afif hazwan bin mohd shukor : awesome game...the zen mode is the best part
victor medina : great graphics and a great relaxing feel to it.
phantasm nightmare : awesome game. i just love it.
a google user : it's terrible at least add costumes and prizes at the least
fakepro : ambiance 20/10 gameplay 10/10 controls 9/10 and graphics 11/10
john ganly : i like the game but it takes too long to unlock players
sidd bangar : a very good, delightful, peaceful. ... game it's simply amazing . and the best part zen mode. wow!!!
a google user : stunningly beautiful. both visually and audibly.
inter central t.v : i just habe nothing to say but "perfect n cool!!""
apple chor : loved it!! and absolutely loved the zen mode!!
json yz : this game is something very simple but is fun and relax i found it enjoy in a special way this is the kind of game i will not found on play store glad we have it now
ayush srivastava : the artwork and soundtrack of this game are amazing!
jordan stott : the little shi* wouldn't jump. lgg6
piyush sharma : so good , the music and the gameplay , i love it
ripu daman pandey : soothing music and graphics. loved the zen mode.
okay m8 : amazing, very relaxing and super fun
kelvin daniel torres morillo : i really love this game it is very exciting.
varun kumar : really simple and beautiful game. great soundtrack.
alex egberts : absolutely stunning and addictive in every way.
nathaniel m : just a pretty game with some ambient music.
andrew shevchenko : the graphics is stunning, the sound is enjoyable, controls are simple. love this game! why no controller support?
a google user : awesome game. fun gameplay and relaxing music.
logan wittman : good graphics, great entertainment, really addictive
a google user : i love this game ,awesome graphics and easy controls..... keep it up... and fabulous music.
junaid shah : sky safari is beater then this game
mr_jeet jd : i have moatly to like this app
kayetus : i keep in coming back for more
akashdeep yadav : i recomend you please play this game
mack carr : wish there were more stars
prabhu sagar : i weting altos 2nd part
james salmond : night time last too long
sergey antonov : guys, too much advertisement. sorry, but it's too much.
jana lockhart : awsome game couldn't be better
amar gosavi : i like it. music and graphics are very good.
imraan bosman : loved the graphics and the suits the mood of the game.great fun.
isaac darlong : great updates and smoother no more stuttering.
david crossley : beautifully crafted and addictivly fun to play. gnardawgs
a google user : plain out great pushes me to limit
jommy mclean : good graphics i give it five stars.
piers goodhew : so nice to look at, so soothing to play
levani kantaria : i loved the sounds, great game to relax
jason s. : very relaxing game... 5 stars for this incredible game!
zsombor pankotai : a good idea and an even better execution!
flight film : it is a very realaxing game and it is soooo fun.
dondon go : it is awesome and attractive and playable and the graphics are great.the zen mode make it there's an elder so it will be awesome but don't let the elder go away once you wake an elder. okay awesome....$%6%/!!!!!!!!!();!!!!!!!!!!!!!@@@@ yup
isaiah : runs beautifully and looks absolutely gorgeous on an 18:9 display
murtaza abbasi : beautiful background, soundtrack create great feeling
stan hickey : can't find a better game.
ting ting bling bling : best for traffic jam time play
a google user : amazing game loved the flying suit
a google user : its a great game i love it
malik haris : this is a good game and i love to play
a google user : good but need more improve
samrat techno zone : everything is nice for not a heavy gamer
rahul m : so nice game great ambience
for viewers channel : i like this game everything awesome
a google user : please give updates of these game
cosmic neo : i admire this beautiful game of yours
raw._.cocoa : amazing its a relaxing and addictive game
a google user : i think it is realy good and exciting
a google user : really simple and pleasurable gameplay that lasts
shrey singla : time pass game good for children
anthony pham : wonderful game with great graphics and simple controls.
pranesh : brilliant. soothing and relaxing. perfect game.
ian bleakley : just a beautiful game to play and quite addictive.
dyllan lawrence : great graphics but gameplay is boring
satyadeep das : a must to have game in ur handsets !!
rick adair : a blissful way to spend your downtime
pranav shankar : it's awesome to play awesome awesome awesome
surabandana sahu : outstanding graphics. nice gameplay.
harry nihal nayagam : awsome game fr relaxing... exceptional.... its not a game but a form of
digital art
aleser murtaza : it's bliss at its best!
nitesh kumar : i fell in love with music....so relaxing...(_)
aysha shamna : this game is just awesome!..my mood becomes good when i play this game...very good music,and good graphics too.i really loved the game.....very relaxing game
a google user : it's an amazing game, i love the graphics, the music, it's not hard to play it.
uziel boites : it is such a relaxing and peacefull game. love it
ben cowie : too many ads installed during an update.
20p gamer : the problem here is the tasks get trickier and yet they are more confusing which leads to skipping of tasks which really makes it boring please do a thing add a tutorial or side video for better understanding of tasks
bobby m : beautiful game, great atmosphere, but can't i just pay to get no ads?
samy magid : its good for burning time when your bored
shuu : saw this at e3 it looks sick!
otavio santos : it's a perfect game! congratulations!
neil gomes : everything is awesome.....add more levels and please give a separate "save game data to cloud" option please pleaseeeeee...... a well wisher
anupama rathesh : the best game in my whole life and peaceful also !!!!!!best best best best
geodomo : astonishing ... every detail and aspect breathtaking ... incredible job ... highly recommended ... awesome game !!!!
sam : very good game for relaxation.. beautiful graphics and soothing music... no violence.. loved it...
derek haave : relaxing and overall a great time.
hazzy-g : very addictive and great fun.
shyamalina biswas : its really pleasant and nice.
javkamkrastavizi : i love this game it's awesome
haries ina : great game with great design.
juba zz yt : the best game the beautifull grafic
ananthakrishna k p : overall its fantastic.make something more
max borden : this game is amazing. beautiful
harpreet singh : awesome...great job done by developers
ornab wahid : heart touching .. specially in night
zoey-jane jobe : so amazing. it's beautiful, calming, and fun, download it, you won't regret
it
azeem zaheer : perfect game to get relaxed.
kavitha jayanthan : excellent game. nothing else
john chester norcio : very fit game for players all over the world
louis salazar : the guy on the apps cover is snow boarding backwards
jagpreet singh : specially.....lovely....music.......my..... nephew loves...its music....while going to bed......,
jeya balaji : simple game for time pass.
akshay kharat : good game with good music.
a google user : the game looks beautiful and fun.nice game
swarnajit chandra : one word. no, it's two words! just awesome...
jacob carlisle : great game!! thats all i have to say just so good!!
sigmond cardozo : one of the best games i've played!!
vishvesh choudhary : damn!!! m so in love with this game!
vineet agarwal : only one word: beautiful
swapnil dabhade : great game ..exceptionally well
minism : ambient, and simply beautiful.
a google user : in dream s i see myself as the face of dragon.
denis alhasa : really hooking especially the fact that it's hard right from the beginning of the game.
apoorv pandey : hey ... when is alto odessy coming up for android ... i'm eagerly waiting for it
a google user : amazing game... this is great... it feels better when my mood is off... thanks to the inventor for this game...
sahil todsam : love it . addictive.awesome scenes.beautiful game
sheraz ahmed : love this game.. fun and relaxing
derris paris : it's very fun and time consuming!!
a google user : a sheep awoke!
asif hossain khansama : coll game ..,,so nice this game soo plz download this game and enjoy this game....
n de wolfe : gorgeous, fun, challenging- fantastic
carson breedon : "i downloaded this because i play saxaphone"
a google user : when you want to watch a video to revive alto the video come after you use your money
sagar behera : awesome game ,good control and good graphics
kitty kat : it's creative and fun
damchoe yezer : very soothing...love the day and night stuff...beautiful music...awesome game
samurai guy : well...nothing to say,loved the game! :)
emily benson : a beautiful game. everything is perfect. loved it!!
khaled : great game for passing time!
leo max : finally this game came from apple store
j.y : this is a great,fun,relaxing game and have a very nice graphics......
9032_pritam das : good , but sometimes rocks suddenly come in front of me......
susana jaramillo : exelent graphics! cool game!
parthiv : this game makes me emotional. idk why, but it does.
daniel khadem : alto odyssey hype!!
rahat hossain raf : that's ahhh awesome game...!!
porp : beautiful, relaxing game. i love it.
a google user : endlessly fun game... waiting for distant ...
monil sharma : in love with it...takes you to a different world of gameplay.. muaah...
rico hk : best game ever download!
aly stalcup : this game is fun and love the style of the game!!!!
fred sleepwalker : to drive down the same boring mountain is supposed to be fun? where is the adventure?
a google user : love this game so fun
visal nuwantha : superb this is the best game ever.......its just like we are in the game....
scifo kings : it's just... wonderful in every way. i love this.
mr x2 : very lovely and relaxing games: ')
qwerty qwertt : it's a best game gives me relax......... playing at zen mode i recommend you to just install it once....... it will bring magic to your life.......
windi handayani : love the music so much!
joshua stoner : it's a stupid game
a google user : some rounds are stupidly hard
skies : loading time is too slow
hunter rice : it's totally a redesigned ski safari.... but it great
a google user : cool game ever....everything is perfect
asfar karim : this game is just awesome...
jimmi sherpa : awesome game to kill some time.....
laina singha : aesthetics; alluring, addictive! :)
jayesh rathva : amazing !!! graphics grate music
a google user : nice must be plat it!!
tucker santjer : the best most chilling amazing and good game play best ever
a google user : pop-up ads? welcome to onestar land by way of deletesville.
jai ess : addictive! all the details are great!
daniel cuevas : guiz could u make a shop full of accesories or change of clothing coz i like this game but i very like it if this game have clothes shop.
morgan schieber : physics and timing...superb !
akhilesh dumree : i love the graphics it's a little bit difficult
your pc guide : great music and all things are so cool.
anooj thalekkara : it's a great game
jubin jose : amazing work of art..
artronic # : cool play....pretty relaxing
alice my : peaceful, yet challenging...
a google user : is so addicting
atomica flea : great game!
venom ous : i like games like this...and then you hid a zen mode?! thanks. looking forward to a sequel...
low quality : beautiful. that's all i can say.
rmt 727 : that's a great game...
azlan shareef : i love this game
aditya narayan sah : this game is love!
madhusmita talukdar : this is the best game ever......
anash khan : outstanding beautiful wonderful.
edwin francis baynosa : super awesome game!
vidya dhar kumar : average gameplay but nice game...liked it....
a google user : wow!!!! nice game ever!!
helmi tawfik : it's a great game
alexander cash : great for soothing anxiety.
snow paws : it's a nice game
gary keiset : it's a good game
joel france : i loved this game
ashton parke : this game is bomb
ankit meena : some darkness in the game
abel rodriguez : it was wounded full
vinothkumar bharathi : super thinker gamed
a google user : music and background is nice.
project dull orange : its a great stressbuster.
ahmed mokhtar : great, calm and beautiful
shubham kshirsagar : best offline game..additive..great job
pachu pm : i am a old player of this game can i get back my records in this game.?
a google user : love it's game
o q : such an elegant game.
uzair kazi : awesome game love it!
tanmoy ganguly : awsome fabulous. ... great background music.... love this game...
a google user : best game ever. great characters, graphics, everything.
anh nguyen phi : so perfect and relaxing :)
david duncan : so immersive and chill!
leigh perry : just love this game!
likhith dorbala : outstanding game!!
frank mazzeo : sooooo much fun!!! very addicting!!!
greenbay glitter : all i have to say is.......esketit!!!!!
ya xdgamer : it's super awesome and easy !!!!!!!
rayhan shenwiaggej : best game.... worth giving a try.
ever cool : its coll but controls need update
fahim faisal : wow! just great!!
ibrahim ibn umar : its simple but the lovely......nice....
rob : did this company used to be called orisinal? game has that vibe
emmanuel asukwo : awesome...very nice
zane malik : simple graphic but amaze
indrajeet shitole : nice game with nice music
anuja nagarajan : looking for more games from u
ramesh dias : the best game in the world
stoyan boyanov : cool design and very relaxing
james ramsey : the best and easiest game
a google user : make it more color full
a google user : awesome game ever played
rakesh kumar : great game with your headphones
hlomla : i simply love the soundtrack
vijay jaiswal : extremely addictive game love it
yugdev raj : its very awsome game
aaliyah pounds : it fun day and night
alina : this game is really fun
dj shep : very calming and life changing
andreia sinta : beautiful graphics and relaxing music
gargi chatterjee : best game so relaxing
david mcbride : this is the best stunt game
devakrishnan j : nice game and good graphics
lestianto jkt : its one of the best games
aruna sharma : this game is very enjoyable
best streaming : really peaceful and fun game
tim mcginty : top 5 games for sure
baron von wulf : best game on google play
crispy rice : i just love this game
wilddog wolf : everything about this game is really great
ganesh rohakale : best game and most relaxing
arun shibu : nice game for calm type
zeeshan : the music is soft i love it
axif : so amazing relaxing and fun
albert degin : the most beautiful game
amol garale : best game in all time
a google user : cool game ever in 2015
a google user : my brother manas love it
vinay verma : awesome game ever i played
vamsi surya : super game graphics are good
jayesh iwarkar : best game ever played
dan bishop : simply amazing and addictive love it
ashok kumar sahoo : very short and nice game
namax66 : very beautiful views and music
zayden andrews : really relaxing fun to play
srinivas n : the best game ever
indigo : it's an amazing game, but when where adverts added?
bam : not showing in my apps after installed or anywhere on my galaxy s8.. ???
trixia v : pleasing and bold.
kyle phillips : amazing graphics ,
a google user : extremely relaxing.
chris kemak : this is the only game that i have ever had installed for more than a year, and i still play it quite often.
anos voldigoad : it's an adventure
heinczel x : beautifully made.
brooke : simply beautiful.
jonah varian : incredible game.
aswin : aesthetic and simple.
jyotish doley : great music
nisharga nirjan : best scenario and sounds.awesome
teen wizarth : perfect game for time killing
judy robison : really really really fantastic game
the devil : love it so sweet so cute
call of duty king : per perfection
ashilevi derek elorm : it's cool
binkie burchfield : i love this game!!!!!!!!!!!
sacha kapoor : every thing about this is amazing
shawn wick : this game is beutiful!!!!!!!!!
a google user : it is cool and awesome it is nice
name : perfection.
peewee fap : is it possible to remove rock obstacles in zen mode?
clary : heart heart
frankenstein : great challenges
anas alwash : what a spectacular game
fasbir mahmud : a great game
lina marlina : the great grapic
younes : it game is super good
juan castelan : great addictive game
christian vu : love this minimalist style
mujahid musa : awsome and relaxing game
sad_crow leif : the music is the best
a google user : really simple to play
suleiman al rabayah : wow this game is incredible
kamryn price : love them and the story
salman patel : i love this game
hussam waseem : this game is amazing
snl : its lit as ever
pearl _queen : it is awesome and simple
the fwc ias : great music loved it
yazzie martinez : it a awsome game
s vasudev bhat : best of them all
thomas innis : amazing and incredibly calming
grizzlybear_1024 : everything is great about this game
maritza gonzalez lozoya : this game is the best
jeremy hill : love the sounds and atmosphere
silvano anderson : love the art stile
atulya joshi : the best there is
a google user : what an eye candy
saravanan shanmugam : good and time pass
amanda albanese : the perfect game
edmac4a : this game is freaking amazing
dragonslayer 120 : the game is awsome
abhishek kumar : its a best game
the way to jannah : perfect awesome game
a google user : great very relaxing
masked clan 15986 gg : i love this game
am gamer : its really awesome
ramesh prasad : loved it.
doba petrov : loved it.
poka s : great game ?
mayank thite : soothing
joshua lijo : sick game!!!!!!!!!!
kimberly garcia : this game is very addicting
yashwanth manoj : how do i open characters
emanuel simancas : it sucks
rajesh rajak : one word for this game wow.....
les grof : great and relaxing
l.gh. djoetma : doesn't support google's game sync service. i can't play this on both my devices and now i've reinstalled my phone i lost everything. uninstalled it.
raivor : pretty smooth
mike wolf : when will the next one be out?
neeraj sharma : great game
eric lim : when is the new one coming to google store?
sho bo : multiplayer needed.
chandra shekar : waiting for second part
tatsuya asano : i need light
gopi krish : thanks for the game makers
steven gregory : a short reveiw
deontae harrison : need to jump higher
deathcore x6 shadow : too a dick ting
pitambar hazra : really a game to play
tom meredith : all of them!
alpha oumar souare : luv the game
rest_zako : this is the best
sandhya panday : simply awesome
the duck person : loved the music
g s : clam and nice
micheal claude nicolas : awesome and addectif
andile sibahle cele : loving the game
angel mateo : nice and awesome
nodar beridze : love this game
jake t : cool game
ahmed khalaf : legendary game
refreshing beverage : great game
mateen shaukat : awesome game
prankul verma : great game
optimistic saif : smooth and refreshing
nerhene davis : great game
eduardo pottella : beautiful and challenging
ahme mogeza : very cool
michael dress : one of the best
james mason : fun and relaxing
rene fernandez : nice graphics
a google user : cool and addictive
mark harrison : brilliant and fluid
mal1n : great game
robby haryadi : perfect graphic
arseniy sivokon : very relaxing
bossy selan : love this game
kartika sari : beautiful graphics
anamika agarwal : why my game is not linking with the google play account??
a google user : hate it
gabriele v : hated it
_money time : tears
crown prince : cool
zorthrin : cool
mia dalessandro : relaxing
jm van der walt : cool
sakshyam adhikari : soothing
a google user : cool
rye : this is beautiful
jjx225 : cool
adrian valdez : its an ok game
john jolly : first i download it
trista morse : it's awesom
incendiary moose : all the stars!!!!!
adi kula : also me
a google user : so addicting
a google user : joy to play
a google user : fix it now
zhilo : sucked so frecking much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :( :(
a google user : death cory
a google user : it was collected
maddy kiss huge : greatboy
dark mage21 : this game is so much fun to play. it has great graphics and really nice music, especially in zen mode. but i found two glitches. one is when i collect the stampede horn and my screen starts flipping around a lot but stops after a second. another is when i land after doing a combo and i boost into a magnet, for some reason when i do that it doesn't collect it. other then that, amazing game.
david kirkwood : it's really nice to find a game that has good background music, good grafics and enticing game play that keeps one coming back for more. this game does all of that whole creating challenges that spurr the player to earn new characters. edit, disappointed that doesn't utilize cloud save, i had to change phones and lost all progress
trent damon : there is a perfect balance between difficulty and pay off. there is plenty satisfying elements within this game other than a high score. the rush to escape an elder, collecting a full row of coins, slapping llamas, everything you do before the "play again" screen appears makes this game worth playing. also ads do not appear unless you want to watch a video for free coins.
carlton whitman : great game ruined by a couple poor mechanics or "glitches". you have to press some buttons twice to actually do want you want and it only shows you progress on a goal after a run every now and then (not every time). very annoying. have had this game for a long time now and have slowly stopped playing because of small annoyances like that.
mayur panchal : i reinstalled this after long time and connected it to my google play account but still game isn't loading my previous profile. i was at lvl29 last time + game was connected to my google play account too at that time. now that i reinstalled and connected to my account again, its still not loading my previous profile and i have to play all over again i have all achievements unlocked which it shows in my google play games but not in games...if game is made in that manner that we won't be able to reload our data back when reinstall then there's nothing i can do..but if it's not that then pls guide me how to get my previous game profile back
chris : this is my favourite mobile game ever. graphics are gorgeous, music is well suited, the gradual increase in difficulty of the challenges is perfectly scaled, the different characters all have unique skills that make them suitable for different achievements... i could go on and on. most of all, this game wins for the beautiful simplicity of the game play. i can play it with one hand. too many games over complicate the controls. i would also add that i find this game really relaxing to play, even when i wipe out. and i love that adverts are optional. just a fantastic game. the recent zen mode update is a welcome addition. would love some new pick-ups and upgrades, like something that switches your rider mid-run, or new things to spend my coins on. awesome game.
david felschow : great game, ive spent a few hours playing and the only thing it needs is to be able to roll forwards (front flip) and maybe even do a nose grab and tail grab. i will definitely gove it 5 stars if thay happenes, keep up the good work.
leapedbeforelooking : omg. this game has outstanding graphics and the controls are easy. overall, though, is that is is highly addictive. it even helps me relax. 5 stars is undereating it. then, i tried zen mode. i had just found out about it and for the first time i listened to the sound. i soon realized i was crying. that was be cause i recently took in a lot of stress. in zen mode i was able to let all that stress out. the best part was that i wasn't sad, i was just relaxed.
gabby valenciano : it's a masterful work of art.. any lack or addition of complexity to it would ruin its beauty. the concept is simple, playable and emotional enough to appreciate the breathtaking sceneries and mezmerizing instrumental music. (no change in gameplay but adding more similarly themed instrumentals would be more appreciated)
nightywulf : amazing, stunning, indescribable graphics of course. zen mode woo!~ gameplay however is stale, with typical ads for in-game money. barely any upgrades as far as i can tell either, compared to most infinite runners. however, support/controls for newbies is great, with adecent tutorial and plenty of leaderboard tabs. but this game is really just for the graphics, i could do zen mode all day. ooh~ a nice game for offline play.
hussien elshamy : excellent game, relaxing, beautiful and addictive, all together. just one thing, you may put a counter or tell us how far we have gone in zen mode ... it's like a practice so i need to know how many meters i made . just this and thanks for making such beautiful game
ana r. c. rodrigues : my only problem with the game, which is why i don't rate it 5*, is that when i land incredibly close to a rock, there's no way to jump again, and end up dying. in other occasions, i jump but the character hits the rock for some reason, even though in a previous jump the height was the same. however, i completely love the game and its art style! the different characters are indeed different and i do enjoy the game a lot :)
archie miller : it's such a simple, but creative designed game and is so easy to go about rather than like some games you have so much to pay attention to, and it is so fun to play as it is just you snowboarding down the (scandinavian styled) countryside. 5* as it is just a brilliant game that must've taken to programme, design and build. also it's such a relaxing game to play and is just a nice game to play to almost get away from daily discomforts. peaceful, creative, fun. from archie.m.miller
david blake : i love this game and the graphics are beautiful. my only one small gripe is that if you pick up a magnet the character then pulses yellow which, when you're doing a somersault, makes it hard to orientate yourself as you can't see because of the light pulses. there have been many times i've crashed and burned because i couldn't see whether i was upside down or rightway up. however, like i said, this is a minor gripe of what is a wonderful game.
tarantino : this game has a lot of personality. it's fresh and exciting take on the endless runner and delivers on most fronts. i might be a little bias since one of my friends dad worked on this but yeah. only beef i would have pick with this is that the formula gets really old when you've played it for a long time. the achevments get really frustrating later in the game. i'm at level 43 when i do this review and some of the goals are insane. overall a good game for just relaxed easygoing enjoyable game
cera glassburn : i'd give full stars if it wasn't so glitchy. sometimes the whole screen does this crazy wobble and cuts out in the middle of a run. and the controls for jumps and backflips go haywire every. single. run. either they're doing glitchy flips when you aren't touching the screen, or it refuses to register when you are trying to do one. if it isn't fixed soon, i'm definitely uninstalling. oh, and the levitation sucks. the most pointless "power up" so far.
r y. : should include a dynamic camera that zooms out and shows us the entire landscape so that we are able to gauge how many backflips we can attempt. if not we are skiing blindly. also, please put in the option to select the background music (which means the inclusion of more songs). otherwise it gets boring
juicerupper : this is the best gaming app i have ever downloaded. everything from the simplic yet beautiful graphics and art style to the game play itself. it truly is a game that is easy to learn but difficult to master. however it can get repetitive on extended plays, but is mitigated by the randomly generated slopes. zen mode is an excellent addition to this game. it removes most distractions so that you can enjoy the game at its core. all in all this game, while not perfect, scores high marks in my book and i would gladly recommend it to anyone.
rob g : fun game perfect for touchscreen. very addictive and enough challenges to keep you going even after unlocking everything. on a galaxy 7 edge i think pressing down on the screen too hard on this game caused the screen to develop a pink line. so take it easy, the controls are responsive enough.
izzi c : i don't usually do reviews, but alto is pretty dang incredible. i've never seen a better app. the game is challenging but not frustrating, with great goals and a cute premise of llama catching, and zen mode is surprisingly fun! the graphics and sounds are beautiful, and the cycles of weather and time give the setting a good amount of variety. i've never had an issue with ads because they're not intrusive, and i've never experienced any sort of glitchy controls. wish i could give it more stars.
yohan chandrasukmana : this game is amazing. i first watched the gameplay on a video that recommended games for android and i thought, wow this one looks awesome with the minimalist graphics. so i started playing the game. what i first noticed from the game after playing the tutorial was how the graphics and gameplay was so smooth and it was fun to play, even though noodlecake wasn't the first developer which made a platformer-ski game with simple controls for mobile phones. then the music started playing. i almost cried. it was so relaxing and beautiful and it fits the game's minimalist theme. after that i noticed that there is a day and night mode and it was so beautiful and very creative. i haven't went so far in to the game but i hope that noodlecake can add a few modes such as multiplayer and add more characters into the game, even though the game itself is already gorgeously done. i also hope that noodlecake studios can make more games like this, games that has a certain theme and all aspects of the game such as gameplay, graphics, environment, music, and controls follow the game's theme. keep up the good work!
rosco : it would be nice if the rocks were a little more visible. once the game is on its night cycle i can barely see the rocks even with the brightness turned all the way up. only a problem in well light rooms and outdoor playing. chasms are weirdly spaced out. if im going to fast i go over the balloon and hit the chasm wall. if im going to slow the baloon isnt there so i fall and die.
zion nimchuk : easily one of the best mobile games i've played. the devs nailed the environment, and the attention to detail is fenomal, from the llama's ears flapping in the wind to the lights on the houses dynamically turning on and off as the sun goes up and down. gameplay is simple like jetpack joyride but has a higher skill ceiling, with backflips and the wingsuit when you get skilled enough. the unlockable characters add incentive to continue playing and the acheivments make every run challenging. they devs also managed to make the game incredible peaceful, and if you want a really good example of that try out zen mode.
snehashis gharai : the best game i ever played. when i completed the the tutorial and go back to the menu , it shows to swipe left to go endless mode. i swiped and i saw that 'headphone recommended'. first i start it without headphones and soundless. but wneh i connect my heasphone and listen the music , i really feel relaxed........then i played it 1 hour without pause the game..i can't understand when the time runsout. i can't understand how can i explain that how i am feel when i play it in the endless mode with headphones. the day cycle and the season cycle of the game is feels me like a real scene...i really really loved it.
a google user : great game! very addictive! would be 5 stars... but every time i get the lama horn the game glitches and i automatically get game over! very frustrating! especially since i spent money to get the horn... and half the time in setting a new record then just die for no apparent reason... :( please fix asap!
daniel mccormick : this game really needs an option to let you choose the environment you race in. i would love to spend the whole game racing in a thundering rainstorm or snowstorm. originally, i gave this 5 stars, but i'm knocking it down to two because of the stupid bonus items you can buy with the in-game currency (not actual money). there was some "flying suit" thing that i bought & it is absurdly uncontrollable. it really is ruining the gameplay for me, and there is no option to turn the cockamamie thing off. if noodlecake could add an option to delete the flying suit, the horn, or all the other nonsense, i'll make my rating five stars again. for now, it's only two because the only way i can get rid of it is to give up all the progress i've made to get to level 25.
nathan kennedy : i love this game and all but it has one bug, so one time i wanted to revie myself so i clicked "watch a video" but that didn't work so i pressed 1,500 so then i get revied then a second later it plays the video. money wasted. ok that was me just ranting but i really love this game the music and art style is so... whats the word "awesome"!
qasim khan : original-ish idea. jump feature is a bit off. implementing acceleration/speed was probably not a good idea. there's too much to do. jump on stuff, collect stuff, do backflips, avoid stuff. it's too hard to keep track of with the background and foreground. -especially when it becomes dark. graphics are pretty good looking but only because of the glow. can't get past level 2 or 3 because i missed the only magnet in my second run because i didn't know what it was and panicked and avoided it. now, about 20 runs later, i can't pickup a magnet. let's hope i can actually pick the next one up or else is another 20 replays. overall, you tried to be extra but ended up ruining a good game idea by adding way to much than is needed for such a simple game.
rebs b : i really enjoy this game! it's very peaceful. my one complaint is that, though the day/night cycle is beautiful, the nighttime part makes it very difficult for me to see. i'd appreciate an option that let's me choose what light level i could play in. otherwise, it's marvelous.
ankit jangid : man.. i wish if i could give 10 stars to this. this game has great things in every aspect. taking from the graphics, gameplay, sound effects and their instantly swapping and effects. seriously i've never seen a game before that. hats off to the noodlecake studios and to the team.
a google user : this game is one of my favorite and i will never uninstall this. im a gamer i played a lot but this game blow me up. nice graphics, amazing gameplay, nice sounds and a lot more. it helps me chill whenever im stress out. i soooo love the developers. ty for this game and for new update. congrats
piyush shah : i had thought this to be some poor game with ok-ok graphics. but now i am
totally hooked to it! only bug i found is that if i try to 'watch video' to
revive when there is no internet, the error message comes much later when i
start the next run.
dicky kamarullah : hello guys, i would like to report a bug: a corrupted pink graphic occur in couple of background, also in main character. my device is samsung e5 sm-e500h, firmware 4.4.4 hope this help, thanks. love your game.
ian jiang : this is a really well-made game. i was deeply amazed by the beautiful landscape, its weather & time system, and the great music all the way along the gameplay. but... the screen often froze itself. plus the "share" needs bug-fix, i can't tell what exactly it is trying to share.
untitled anonymous : overall i enjoyed the game but the game has been lagging for me a bit lately. not so much so that the game doesnt allow me to play but its distracting. good game overall.
king arthur : amazing graphically designed game. has a few bugs but nothing to worry about. edit: amazing soundtrack as well, just love to play this game, so much fun. one of the best games i have ever played for mobile. just excellent experience.
jacob johnson : very relaxing game and i enjoy it allot, but i absolutely hate the night mode. it's way too dark, especially the ui buttons. you can't see the rocks coming most of the time, and it's very difficult to read the mission list.
j sharky f : the atmosphere of this world is quite amazing. it has symmetry. it has a kind of meditative peace to it - while, at times, being hilariously difficult to acheive all the goals. i did find some glitches during the game - especially when the green horn is used. the screen tends to flicker at that point as if this cascade of llamas is too much for the game to handle. or is this some kind of over-exuberant earthquake effect? overall, a great game with a lot of replay value.
lee : this game is so amazing. i'm shocked this doesn't cost money. there is almost no ads to be found. if i could rate this game higher i would.
ola berntsson : the stupid feather absolutely destroys the whole game. how is that even a bonus item??? it either kills you or screws up the objective since it prevents you from collecting coins or getting ice boosts, and also disrupts the game mechanics. please get rid of it or fix it. makes me furious every time, certainly not relaxed. it's truly sad, because the rest of the game is fantastic.
michael charles : this game is addictive and a great time killer too. the graphics and sounds are so well designed. and some moments like flying with a wing suit are breathtaking. i love it.
davor arsic : great relaxing game with very nice graphics, music and sound effects. characters with different abilities. i love to play this game whenever i have a chance.
tom shelley : easily one of the best mobile games i've ever played. doesn't require you to pay to be able to do everything. controls are easy to learn and hard to master. i find myself constantly coming back for more. it's also very calming and i love the soundtrack!
dani fogel : in my opinion where this game really shines is the zen mode. zero distractions,just the true beauty of this piece of art. well done.
taylor bec : guys this is a wonderful game. the music is relaxing, the backgrounds are so scenic and pretty. the sound effects are great too. keep up the good work!
jennifer hilton : i can't play spotify and this game at the same time. this game is amazing but spotify will always win so please fix this asap.
josh mcgonigal : this game is awesome especially when you have the wing suit i'm trying to get the lama horn now but it's a really fun game.
a google user : such a gorgeous game on so many levels! the graphics are amazing and the music, beautiful in its own right, fits so well. together the art and music create this breathtaking atmosphere and environment that you have the pleasure to traverse though. the movement is so smooth, one of the many reasons playing this game is so satisfying.
jitin : good n relaxing. wing suit controls are a bit wonky but other than that its a nice game
a google user : this game is also stress buster and is good to play and music is so much
soothing.... but after sometime you get irritated because missions are not
ending and purchase are necessary.....
mark moore : seems to be a bug where every time the elder gets close to me the whole screen spazzes out like the elder has some earthquake like powers, please fix don't understand what
jim pattison : such a great game. the missions keep you interested and help develop your skills. i would play this all day if i didn't have to work
andrew knight : great game for relaxing before bed. unfortunate that some sections are impossible for specific characters but great nonetheless.
shaik babajan : the background sounds of the game are so pleasant and resemble the heaven
like experience. alto... is a simple and spectacular game i have ever
played. the changes in levels and the weather makes the game more
interesting and mystical. i simply state that this game is a master piece.
brad carpenter : boo ads. also, unable to reset the goals. every time i close the game it restores my previous progress.
eviltyres : for starters this game is not for you if you want crazy tricks and action. this game shines because i can respect the work put into it, especially the art design and music. a must get if you can appreciate the work put into the game. this really comes into play in zen mode
zinny guy : i love this game. soothing and addictive. it would be even better if you add like a way to play with others. like a race mode
faisal al-bandar : terrific game, nice landscapes, every run is different (procedurally generated) and the gameplay is smooth and satisfying. only complaint is that it causes my phone (galaxy s4) to overheat after about 15 minutes.
i need to start studying. : the non-competitive mode is very relaxing, especially the graphics and the background music. helped me relieve stress before an important test ;)
rodel john tuga : don't get me wrong i just gave a bad rating for your attention. because it's centuries of waiting for the sequel of altos adventure and yet nothing.
void : the game is beautiful, and so is the concept. but the controls do not work. it wouldn't let me jump outside of the tutorial, and when it offered a video to revive him, i couldn't watch it. i will be uninstalling, but i wish it worked for me.
callum love : this game is freaking incredible! i'm pretty sure i rated everything 5 stars. i love just plugging my earphones in and playing zen mode. the rain sounds so real! noodlecake studios, you've done it again...
jay cathcart : one on my favorite mobile games. it has smooth, simplistic graphics and addictive gameplay.
paran sharma : absolutely beautiful game and even beautiful ost. for someone who loves mountains, snow and such soothing music, this game is a must play. reminds me of the times i was up in the mountains. absolutely beautiful.
amos barren : can't find any awesome game like this .this game gave me an expirence that 3d games doesn't give
john mcgrael : i'm sort of a cynic when it comes to phone games, but this one is so good... it's perfectly simple, done so beautifully, from the graphics to the sound, and is just challenging enough to keep you hooked but not frustrate you
alex kruger : this is so, so close to being great. however, at night obstacles are barely visible, all the colours blend together, and the whole game becomes generally unpleasant. either the colours during night mode need to be changed, or there needs to be an option to turn off the day/night cycle.
messias aron kor : my friend recommended it and yes it's fustrating some times but hell i love this game...
seinor sloth : such a peaceful game and not to mention fun. minutes turn into hours and hours turn into days. favourite game i've ever played on my phone and i think everyone should try it
daniel cottontail : i have never written a game app review, usually only take them half heartedly, but this is a great game, great controls, challenging but not too hard, not many ads at all, and just very realistic to the movement of skiing. i mean it, very worth it. great job to the creators of this game
eric flickinger : game usually doesn't let me revive alto by watching a video. you can click it a hundred times and the timer just runs out anyway. other than that bad but the game is great
pradipa p. rasidi : lovely game that sets the mood. nice track, beautiful sound effects, simple yet challenging gameplay. the use of ads is okay-ish but can be tiring after a while.
a google user : just so beautiful and addictive. please, please don't turn this into an angry birds advertising travesty. let me buy it without ads. i love this game and don't want to see it ruined by ads.
z z : i loved it, but despite being synced to my google play account, all my saved data has disappeared. its frustrating to have spent tens of hours playing, only to lose every character/item/etc that i unlocked.
brennan perdue : this is the ultimate feel good game. its not so much about the gameplay, but it's about the beauty of the game and the music and surroundings and the day and night. this is the only game on my phone i would call a complete masterpeice.
robert horkan : great game lots of fun however sometimes during gameplay, if the player smashes a rock, the whole screen shakesand goes all jumbled for a few seconds, often meaning you crash. other than that, great game.
damien stone : this is such a stunning game. the tasks that need to be completed to increase levels aren't too tricky but may take a little bit to complete while waiting for the right section of map... not that it bothers me being that aesthetically amazing and the zen mode is just perfect for that.
loic iglesias : perfect, but just a bug when you smash a rock and you are in the midst of a llama group called with the llama corn the display does very big vibration. i think it's the sum of the vibration of the llama corn and when you smash a rock
travis lacey : it's the perfect game to wind down and relax absolutely love it only issue i have is that i cannot seem to get my in-app purchases back for double coins
luka l : i would like to hear more music,not only one or two just looping and looping.thats what makes it boring.gameplay is fantastic.
azaryah : the game kept glitching and would have my guy stuck in mid air. this happened constantly. overall the game is ok.
rachel : love love love this game. great to unwind after a stressful day. i have nothing negative to say.
pratik shrestha : simplicity at its best. a perfect relaxing peaceful yet challenging game. play it for the wonderful experience it offers. big thumbs up to the devs
a google user : yes it's a nice game but it can even add some more stunts and adventures.totally i like it and it is worth to be a part of your android...
austin gorchs : one of they few games i haven't gotten tired of. very fun. i highly reccomend it.
pooja yadav : the zen mode in the game is just awesome. this game speaks life.the graphics and the music accompany each other very well. stress relieving and fun to play. no ads too.
haroon subair : giving less points because i lost all my earned characters when by mistake replay tutorials was clicked. now the first character is coming in the latest level.
robert : was great all along until the latest update. not being able to listen to music from another app is disappointing.
zach rutledge : somehow it manages to be completely enchanting and completely frustrating at the same time. beautiful graphics and music help make up for some difficult-to-achieve goals. some of the ads that play when you choose to resume after falling are quite jolting because they're so loud and brash. it really ruins the mood! occasionally alto stop responding to jumps, too. seems to happen when being chased by an elder and there's a lot of elements on screen (llamas, coins, etc.) zen mode is pretty awesome, and a welcome addition. it's very relaxing!
srinivas : didn't like falling in zen mode with the music so beautiful and endless feel, wish there were no obstacles.
morgan kesler : fun platform kind of game, i've reached level 50 but keep playing cause it is still quite fun.
dhimas a. prabowo : im a fan of this game but it seems that the icon had misplaced alto's flip which is actually should be in counter clockwise and im bothered bcs of it smh
ricky hurt : great game overall but needs more content. once everyone is unlocked it gets boring fast. you can still level up a bit but you get nothing for it. give me somewhere new to ride at least!
robert quinn : great design, but l lacks any depth. i stopped playing in two days.
oky oky : nice game and graphic. but when it turns night, my eyes can watch the track, its too dark. even my brightness phone setting is max.
irfan mian : this game is the best game i have ever played 5 out of 5 on everything. i love the is game to bits and the music is the best thing about the game. the graphics are phenomenal and again i love this game so much!!
gordon johnson : main game is difficult enough to keep you occupied, zen mode is great for headphones just chilling and playing. it's a great little game!
ozgun suzer : buggy beyond measure. every action takes dozens of taps on the screen before the game actually responds
sayvon wilson : great game, good graphics, perfect time killer it's very addictive i love this game. and i am in love with the soundtrack i could listen to it without the game but it fits so well. i wish there was a story mode though.
nandan chebbi : it's a really good game only thing i wish it would have is a story mode
heyits me : i didn't know games could be so lovely. i love how the sun rises and slowly sets and the weather changes regardless of whether you start over. its relaxing but sometimes challenging. its addictive. i love it.
vicky a : this game is stunning. it's music is amazing, especially zen mode, and it's graphics are beautiful and so well thought out. going as far as to put in all the seasons, and different natural disasters? you guys, seriously deserve all the credit
mongoose : speechless, this game is just wonderful. one thing, can you please just keep updating this, you should put more wonderful soundtracks, a couple more bioms and maybe a bit more colour just to spice it up a bit, but well done on this game.
craig dean : an average rip off of ski safari. i don't understand the praise for it.
osvaldo branquinho : nice concept and well developed. has a good longevity but eventually you will get the feeling that is more of the same.
osi osi : this game make me happy as every time i play it. to me the music always gives of a very very relaxing vibe and i just love how each character is very unique
x- skyfrost : this game is amazing,but i can't jump over a tall chasms
a google user : awsome game! nice graphics and scenic beauty ,the soothing and peaceful music adds to the wonderful experience of the gameplay. best part of this game is the zen mode, simple, yet so wonderful. love this
frank daves : well made. i really like the sound effect when its rain and thunder. this game deserve money.
sagar sudhir ganu : in zen mode let the game continue without any end. there should not be any obstacles, just continuous ride.
user unknown : good graphics but.... i loved its graphics but it's boring after 2 weeks please do something to make better
nathan keenan : beautiful music, amazing graphics, i can't get enough. unless because of an update, the game crashes almost instantly. please fix this. i love the game but man this sucks to deal with.
jinston chung : this game was great with unobtrusive ads, but after the latest update it asks for access to contacts and has popup ads. i would have given it 4 stars otherwise as there is a bug that sometimes prevents you from jumping that still hasn't been fixed.
babytakeoff : the visuals and the gameplay are downright amazing. the simplistic graphics give it as amazing feel to it to the point i can't describe it. keep up the good work! :)
ethaniel carey : one of the best time kill games i've ever played, thank you for something i like.
jay : this game is amazing, i love the music in the background. it's a perfect game if you don't have wifi
resident evil : what an amazing game, very touching and a very peaceful music. this is forever my favourite game! thanks so much for making it, it made my day!
tropical viking : beautiful scenes and graphics, love the photo mode, zen was fun to learn in and there are even power-ups.... though they and the upgrades weren't even needed it's really kinda addicting... tutorial feels more like it's hinting than showing but little practice and your fine
vanessa sexton : pretty good game. eventually it gets way to expensive to skip a quest but i guess that's your motivation to play!
tony quinones : pros: rewarding and challenging. stunning visuals and music. very atmospheric and peaceful i love this game. cons: unfortunately gets repetitive after a few months of playing. wish there were more tricks to perform
huhn3rmann : the simple but beautiful graphics drag you deep into the game, which is absolutely flawless gamplay wise
abdul wahab : i am not being able to play the game while listening to my music via my music player which is poweramp. when i start the game the music gets paused. that's very depressing. please fix this issue. otherwise the game is amazing. thanks
theo moolenaar : a fun little game that is polished, visually appealing and artistically styled. good for the odd bit of casual play. could do with a little touching-up with regards to performance.
pragyan gupta : this game is probably the best game i have played. it's simple yet breathtaking, awesome graphics. loved every bit of the game.
a google user : beautiful game, plays smoothly as well. the graphics and music are a perfect mix. although after a few several hours in, the game has shown many glitches. you go through items and ramps when going too fast, and the game has crashed a few times.
rob wisz : graphics and sounds are top notch and reminds me of the ui in monument valley which was a wonderful game. however i can't ignore the fact that this game reminds me of a material design version of ski safari.
gaialyn : the best game i ever play, suitable for all ages. like it! too pity too less characters
barnabas mihaly : this game is amazing! it's really good, but it needs some changes: maybe a new map, more perks and skins for the caracters. but it is good as it is and thank you for making this amazing game noodlecake !
tyson reese : the music and graphics are so amazing! i love the thunder storms and i'm so glad this game is now on android!
sajuzz : i love this game very much but the control s are ...... i hated only 2 or 3 back flips we can do we cant cross all the achievement s
mehul harsora : one can enjoy the game even returned from the office.it is calm and doesn't need more attention.but in the game play nothing to do more than skipping the stones.but still one can enjoy it.so many updates needed.
stewart gavin : well what can i say? brilliant game play with amazing sound i could listen to the sound and relax! good little missions, the only thing i can't get used to is the flight suit! i also think that as well as zen mode there should be a trick mode with a dedicated course! well done noodlecake 5 stars!!!!!
jo : this game is so much fun and ever since i downloaded it i have never deleted it. it is very beautiful and vivid, and even thought the controls are very simple, you can still lose yourself in this wonderful little game.
moni null : fun and absolutely gorgeous. some of the challenges are very hard but they actually let you earn enough coins to buy your way out instead of forcing you to try and fail a zillion times.
noha abdelraouf : i have a problem with level 32 where i have to wingsuit for 200m in one run, i did it many times for longer than 200m but it didn't pass or accept it as goal achieved i don't know why!!! otherwise this game is awesome
huw cunningham : stumbled upon a truly marvellous game here. such a nice chill game and everyone should download. massive fan of the zen mode!!! awesome game
star garrison : i love this game except when you get new phones your old data's erased and some other games keep it so that.is kinda sad but .....
a google user : overall it's a good game but not interesting you'll get bored soon
oscar hernandez : simple, beautiful and relaxing. this is a great game to pass time. the controls are easy and the gameplay is relaxed. highly recommended it.
miniops12 : great game, jump/air controls cease to function after a little while though
cronus tecson : i hardly notice those rocks beyond the horizon which causes me to fail regularly and it definitely needs time to master but those scenery are gorgeous that are just hard to resist just like when the sun sets and feels like its the end of the world, if i couldn't take a snapshot of it and by the way that zen mode is good for practicing and to explore with no doubts of falling but you gain nothing.
tarik mctarik : beautiful graphics, fantastic gameplay and a splendid interface, stitched together in a masterpiece that makes you beg for more.
sych : the best calming game ever! if you feel stressed, just go in zen mode and let the stress leave you
denise diaz vega : it's such a wonderful game. beautiful graphics, easy controls, and a bit of a challenge. it reminded me of the bmx bike portion of california games on atari that i used to play as a kid. keep up the good work!
trishen gounden : i've downloaded , played and deleted various games on my samsung j5 , but alto's adventure holds a special place in my heart , this is truly a brilliant piece of work , from the game design , to the charming characters , the spot-on controls , the small details like the weather changing and most inportantly the music , i salute the team behind this game and especially those incharge of the music , i dont think i'd ever want to delete this game of my phone ... you guy's have earned my respect and continued support , well done
richard pinder : game was very fun, but it seems the latest release requires sole control over your sound, so you cannot enjoy your music in the background. it also asks to access your media and contacts, which it should not need permissions for.
jack koch : incredibly simple and entertaining game. easy to sit back and relax while playing. very cool graphics are simple but impressive quality.
random fandom : nice game, good gameplay, nice music, and good flat minimalist graphics. this is proof iaps don't have to be a burden.
stubby stu : absolutely amazing game 5/5 would be nice if you could choose to go left at the start of the game instead of just right
kristoffer : warning! the coin doubler does not remove ads! paid 5 dollars for an ad-ridden game! unplayable rubbish.
hitesh gupta : this is one of my favourite game the graphic sound controls all are superior. i most like the zen mod of the game with a fantastic music
jane : i think this game is really good because it helps me relax and it just makes me want to be there! the art work is beautiful the music is really peaceful and they did a really good job of making this game. so noodlecake studio thank you so much for this wonderful game!
daniel mejia : this game has absolutely beautiful graphics and soundscape, both challenging and relaxing at the same time. it takes a while to learn the tricks but once you do the game becomes super addictive.
karlo vuk : very fun. a few annoying bugs but still well made and enjoyable.
gaurav singh : very low coins available and the cost of buying is highl!!! and also clumsy control!
amir hampel : terrible controls. one action: jump. over rocks you can barely see
a google user : neat game design, awesome graphics, epic theme, simple ui and addictive. this is everything i expected from a noodlecake game
arsh s. dugg : nice game but it puts strains on eyes its difficult to see oncoming objects
torsten heikaus : a ver good game when you wait for the train or bus. don't need to play it everyday to get rewards
dusan bucuric : why is access to contacts needed? only one life counters experimentation. once you live long enough the game finds a way to kill you. pay to win.
dipanjan das : one of the greatest games i've ever played... and this is the only game
that i kept in my phone for quite a long time...
blueskygaming : great! it relieves so much stress. its calm and very swift. just one request. a zen mode set up option. we you can pick the time of day, and weather. that's all!
marta : i love everything about thus game, but it won't let me play my own music but it's a great game
a google user : the new update itself came with a bug. the game worked fine before the recent update. now the game automatically get paused while i'm playing it. i have to resume many times in the middle of the same run. pls look into it.!!!
a google user : the most amazing thing about this game after the storytelling is the environment and the transformation between the weather and the day time.
sami himedan : this game is absolutely amazing, graphics and audio wise. the soundtrack is the best in any game i have ever played!!
pat mabie : i hate you guys sooo much! you know you are playing an awesome game when you start having dreams about it. very fun game, and thanks for keeping it free! i really don't hate you devs! hehehe
johnny sherman : wow i like everything music,gameplaye,graphics every thing
dimitri petrushak : i will give 5 stars if you make alto gain speed going downhill by ducking/holding down.
aalap shah : this game is a must download for everyone who loves endless runners but is tired of all the temple run wannabes. good graphics, unique play-style and great music make this game just a joy!!
darker spork : i love this game, it's beautiful to play, the sounds are gorgeous, zen mode is incredibly relaxing and i'm still not bored after several months of playing!
oh wow : it's amazing except for the fact when i use the llama horn and hit a rock the whole screen glitches out. please fix this!
akshay verma : love the game, but please make the front flip also, so we can handle the character balance.
sprintlg four : it's the best game ever the only thing is that you can do grunt flips to
spencer sqwall : in your newest update,the game prevents you from playing your own music in the background, which ruins the game for me, if you don't fix this bug soon, i'm going to change my rating to a one-star rating, and recommend others to do the same !
sally howe : relaxing unlike most game apps. stunning. could use more tricks other than back flip.
absolute ese : the best game i ever played great controls and mostly liked by my cousins
tanmay jagdale : it is a beautiful game and i love the graphics and music and the controls are easy to use but i wish there was an easier way to get coins not including buying them. maybe make it so that every 5 thousand points you get 100 free coins? also, could you add button in the settings to make it so that if you want, you can make it so that there is a pause button continuously visible that doesn't just fade away.
xxzioimibiexx : this is one seriously killer mobile game!! it looks gorgeous! has really nice music, and is so damn smooth! play this game! love it!
mohammed haider : the reason zen mode was made is so you cant die!!! so please put the rocks away they ruin the flow of zen mode and its annoying, rocks kill you in the game so remove them from zen mode because zen mode is meant to be undieable mode!!!
bekka babcock : while the graphics are great and the game being bug and glitch free it gets
boring after you've upgraded the few things you can and unlocked all the
people you can, there should be more people to unlock and more things to do
jesse poe : i actually played the game on a display phone first but i had to get it afterwords
k : outstanding dynamics, great quality, breathtaking views, awesome gameplay! this is one of my favorite relaxing games. i have a few ideas, but is great for a new game!
ash arson : this is literally the coolest and most relaxing game i've ever played.
sreemoyee mukherjee : i don't usually give reviews. but this is one incredible game. this is comfort to the soul.
abhishek patil : this is a no1 game in the world i think to give this games infinite stars
nick nderitu : one of the best platfomer games out there. i had rated it 5 but i'm going with 3 because of the annoying ads
mejovai : s'more tricks other than backflips can do wonders for this game.. it's so relaxing already
kate doherty : smooth, beautiful, enjoyed different character quirks. need more levels, i finished the 60.
karen miller : i really like this game. i would like to be able to hear my own music or listen to podcasts while playing.
sreeram t s : stunning graphics. it relaxes you completely after a hectic day
chris smith : fun game, but then they wanted access to all my phones content and contacts list...nope! uninstalling.
nathan sunders : one of the best snowboarding games ever made...beautiful scenery and captivating music aside the gameplay is solid...
a google user : my past progress is not restoring after reinstalling the game
a google user : the game is nice very nice. if you haven't downloaded it yet you better download it.
jakub koralewski : can't get over the chasm and can't find the tip how to do it in level one so can't really play it ...
philip umbel : omg most simple game ever but so addictive!!! an awesome game i've spent hours at a time on here, so fun
gustavo di salvo : very nice, but the gameplay became boring: have to restart everytime really quick when you fail, and in zen mode there is not much to do.
hollow sirens : its pretty cool they should maje like a an online race mode against other players and some more gadgets besides that there should more night jazz music too.
grant lanier : just a glitch when you use the lama horn and if you hit a rock the game freaks out otherwise great game
joel radhakrishnan : a masterpiece of gaming! i'm so impressed. i loved it a lot especially the
music which is relaxing. great job developers. thanks for each and everyone
who made this really amazing well designed game. amazing!* yours
lovingly, joel joy.
cale : the game is very addicting but the elders in the mountains get very annoying.
siddharth tadury : 1 of the most amazing game i've ever played, ultimate back ground music every thing is perfect!
aiman fakhry : add more soundtrack at zen mode,more character and add more item in the izel's shop and this game is awesome!!
jared ondrea : it's a fun mobile game to listen to relaxing music but still have a challenge to it and amazing looking game
anita walia : truly amazing! one of the best games i've come across. has a relaxing music and is a stress buster. superb graphics. good job! i recommend it for all :)
t0nyfightfan : take notes! this is how you make a free to play title. congratulations noodlecake studios for this amazing game!
a google user : a++ only thing it might need is a bit more diversity in the map
mia rose : i think this game is awesome because it's really fun and i play it every day now with my sibiling
sabooh khan : amazing game. i was stuck playing this game for an hour. amazing graphics too.
shai marah : everything is so pretty! the gameplay is nice too,recommended to people who
likes a game with good graphics!
ethen bell : may seem boring at first but once you get into it it's an amazing game
kjsteed : simply amazing....makes me want to play and experience it the was the character is. i love it. definitely recommend
aranno abrar : i drain my battery from 100 to 0 every time i play this!
sumedh bengale : this game is just awesome!! the graphics, controls and everything is just perfect. one noticeable feature is the movement of the sun and moon which gives the game a realistic touch. great job developers. keep it up.,
cozyin : amazing and beautiful game. the artwork and effort put into this game is unbelievably, incredibly good. this game deserves to be this good.
epislon gion : the say they set up the ads is a very smart move. they are not a pain at all
risnandar al-ghifari : graphics down, become lagging every do an "ice sliding"
dennis rence : i think the elders should be jumping over the rocks too the player can't be the only one jumping rocks and the player should have back flip and front flip and when you give a challenge make that stage have all the available requirement for the challenge. thank you
2 wheeled scotsman : amazing game, only game i.have played where i don't mind the music being the same over and over, so relaxing and very addictive, good work guys :) (xperia z1) scotland, uk
mod1t mod1t : this game works as far as i can tell using a xbox 360 controller, on the plus side the artwork is astounding the music is quite delightful, yet the only major drag or downside to it is that the a button is the only control you have you either press it once or hold it on to jump or flip in the air, this is barely a gaming experience in my eyes it's a shame that it so pretty and so memorizing to look at and listen to and the background and surrounding art elements suck you in but the game just lacks the depth to provide a true hands on approach to gaming with you the user able to apply controlling actions to the character, maybe a further release could remedy this issue?
a google user : best app ever i can't stop playing it...good job alto creators
sophia lohman : this game is absolutely beautiful! the picture is so nice and honestly this is the most aesthetically pleasing game i've ever seen! it's so addicting and with new goals it never gets old!!
adman370 : watching an ad to revive should allow you another shot to play. one time when i did it, close to a pit, it jumped up to revive, right into the pit!! the heck?!
keemart degracia : ive played it once on my tab. end remembered to play it again. cool
gameplay and graphics though. now again i played it on another device. cuz
my tab got "crack" awesome game i tell you all whos reading ryt now!
chillin game features also with goody vibes ambiance with background music.
#relaxwhileplaying.. nice! hope you create another game like this.. and
more characters. lets update more guys. . :d
anne gabrielle dinglasan : i really enjoyed the music used in the game. it is the best one i heard from all the games i played
salva perez : this is the best game in all of the google store, i love it!
sandy haggard : this game is amazing! cant think of anything to write about. unless its the music. the really good in normal mode, but the music in zen mode is greatest music iv ever heard in a game! its my precise!!! did you make it? cause its realllllly great! the game itself is really good too. everybody get this game! i lovve the music
aniket kanade : awesome game.. play using headphone for amazing sound effects
stephen omar el-khatib : an excellent little game. can't wait for the upcoming skate game!
md alexender rex : i really loved the way the game looks.its quite relaxing and fun at the same time.
emma rollins : you can't listen to spotify during zen mode? why? i used to be able to, why did you disable it? disappointing.
josh bennett : so many hours have been spent in this game. i absolutely love it! cannot wait for the sequel.
shiv sai choudhury : i love this game. it is easy but not so much easy. please all download this game and enjoy !!!
strange one : nothing special. really nice graphics, but that's it. one complaint: screens constantly turns off while playing... it's a game, it shouldn't go off...
deka pk : well..... guys probably the best game in play store under 100 mb, simply wow!!! brilliant play and keep on playing and you will be never bored i bet so, give it a try and make it the best, thanks for reading.
bagus budiman : simple graphic, clean, also that relaxing music on zen mode. it's just awesome
blue : the music and art style are amazing! i hope to see more great games from you in the future!
segment 6543 : i love it! this is the game i've been looking for. graphic is stunning gameplay is flawless and it run smoothly, you have done well guys. some ideas: recording feature, multiplayer race, add some animation when starting just for perfection and daily reward. but dont change the game from offline to online or maybe add both offline when playing alone and online when playing with friends!. keep up the good work! and also try to make this game special. hope you reading this. i like the game. im gonna play again now. bye!
haroldas : i love this game only for beautiful visuals! it's calming and really neat game!
leonard asmarandei : great game overall but the watch video button doesn't work.
dayanand moonoo : great game! amazing material graphics. a true indie masterpiece!
henry cabot : smooth graphics, fun game play. what's up with the bad dude on horseback? you could lose that part of the game.
tjsk v : this game is very good and a great time killer. loved it!
claire warby : once you get the hang of this, it's a fabulously addictive little game!
landry smith : it was a awesome game i loved it i'm sure you l will love it to!
elohim monkoy : this junk is stupid i can't even pass the first level, no matter what i do, i can't enough speed to pass the jump
meenu kamboj : addictive the game looks beautiful and plays without any harsh effects
soham sengupta : amazing game.the graphics and the music are very delightful and i guess that's why the game is very relaxing and enjoyable.
semir : good job,by the way,the music made me cry
parth patel : the zen mode is the best. this game will have be permanently installed on my phone.
a google user : really a very nice game. awesome graphics and smooth controls. soft and calming music. really loved it.
ankit pasawala : nothing is more soothening than this game. it's more of a meditation session than just game.
alif mun : good graphics,great gameplay,stress relieving game,super relaxing music
juan martinez : i love it it's such good graphics it's like a mixtre of adventure & action
aztec panda : amazing,fun,time killer.best game to have!if i could,i rate it more.it just so addictive.___this comment is from 2016shoul've made the character with all super powers a granny,would've been cooler.
brandon jones : i like the way they made the graphics
c m : wants access to my phone's contacts. nope!
jehoshaphat nartey : awesome. first game i download on every new phone. just awesome
oregi 151g : is is just the greatest game i've ever played in my life
sakee siva : its very awesome. music was amazing. when i play that game i feel fantastic .keep going
a google user : i love this game - beautiful graphics, great sound track and challenging goals which makes playing fun. though why do you want access to my contacts?
abhinav : best game ever.,this is the best game i've ever played .the photo mode adds to the prettiness of this game .this is better than fps's and all the other game good game and best of all!!!!!
rad homez : awesome game, very fun and unique in its own way.
viktor zhang : surely one of mobile best games. great scenery, relaxing gameplay with various characters. -> 10/10
seychelles maximus : one of my fav addictive game,well done guys keep it up.
steam powered pines : i enjoy playing this game so much! the graphics are beautiful!
ben westlake : best graphics best stress relief and so relaxing music and so relaxing atmosphere of the game
marc ferrazzano : fun fun game. gradually gets harder. zen mode is actually relaxing.
ignatius : i love everything about it, good graphics and controls, just all out amazing
kuro ch. : awesome! this game is just beautiful! stunning graphics, calming music, amazing physics! this game is just perfect! i love it!
pluhi : it's amazing you can make it to do front flip too
sarvesh shinde : really loved the music in zen mode. waiting for alto's odessey.
richard molina : i like all of the front flips on it
a google user : very fun and addictive. i could play this for hours. worth the space it takes up
bhaskar ghosh : this is best game .it's control very smooth and graphic is also very nice
mason maseda : the graphics are great i love how smooth it is on my google pixel.
a google user : it was some thing adeectibpve the graphics looks cool and perfect for plyaing
abubakr ali : it is my favorite mobile game ever, best graphics, music and lights.
k-armey : i play this game on win 10, its just the best game i played on android
danielle espitia : i love the graphics and animation it has. it's just so fun to play
john congdon : overall the game is great, but i don't like that the latest version just asked to access my contacts. why would you need that?
john goundry : no way to import progress from other os'
rz g : i never knew that there was mount everest in the game.
sekar : beautiful scenery, fun and addictive i could play his all day lol
hyam bolande : wonderful design, but needs some new landscapes to unlock for advanced players.
ehmyr allie : awesome simple time killing app. loved it
jakub daliga : awesome game. it's an artistic masterpiece, very relaxing but also challenging.
stefanie ann behe : amazing and addicting. clean, beautiful and most of all super fun. highly recommended.
bhushan jain : just reminds me of countryside in my childhood. graphics and music is heart touching
jeff dugerby : wow, editor's choice - tiny wings rip off
pedro lima : it's very simple and easy to play. however it is hard to advance to further "levels". it's a lovely game.
market place : excellent game. play casually or set a goal. extremely fun to play casually while listening to music.
grevil lopes : music is so pleasant. it feels relaxing just to play this game.
dayna rider : it is a good way to relax and i love the lama that can snowboard.
bondan rachmat : great minimalistic art design + relaxing background melody = alto's adventure
may : i love the graphics and the music with it. it gives off this warm kind of vibe and i love it!
a google user : one of the best. i recommend you should play this satisfying game.
abdul rahim ansari : the gameplay and design of the game is amazing but it lacks cloud save feature.
angom geetchandra : this is so unique.. it has a magical, relaxing feel to it. pure art!
dave keeps on bullying me : i just really liked this game how it looked how it changed how it feels
marcemicah oliverio : such a peaceful and relaxing game but it also has a fun challenge i love it
lorand kent : the best mobile game and really gorgeous to perfect for people who love art design
mungy sus : definitely the best looking phone game i've played and also has the best soundtrack aswell
a google user : i play this game every time i'm stressed and it calms me down and i love the remixing music
francis gulotta : great game they sold out, why do you want access to my contacts? my photos? what are you doing with my photos? at least you can say no.
radhakrishna vudata : outstanding graphicss....and the music was a pleasure to ears & perfect controls...totally fabulous game which had become my favouritee..
jessica humphreys : no glitches at all! smooth and addicting gameplay. please make another one!!
a google user : its a fun enjoyable game and sooo much more but i dont know how to keep the guys from chasing you
abrar alam : the most physics rich endless runner with beautiful art style and music!
bella ski : this game is very amazing you dont need wifi which by the way is awesome
tanisha nagevadia : i love the backgrounds and the music and the entire game overall! literally the best game out there.
amish patel : awsome try to make a good game. keep making some more like this
dendel 62 : 1 star not given because it always keep lagging when i always play it.
joe griffin : too many adverts ruining the actual game
austin martz-miller : meh kind of boring and not enough upgrades
bharani akella : this is the most beautiful android game that i've played!
ryan edwards : it's awesome and such fun to play when your board and it's completely free
shubham battoo : best free game on play store? yes. just too good. made very nicely and one of a kind. very relaxing zen mode.
spxdes_ keotic : i think it is a challenging game and very fun to play
zach o'donnell : the game has nice calm music and the controls are easy
jhansi devi : the best snow board game i have played
a google user : excellent what a beauty marvellous game ever i played everyone should play this game
umakant kumar : although game is good but there is no control over weather in the game if you are playing in sunlight you will not be able to play the game if it becomes night in game
jorden williams : so cool its just a game with tons of adventure keep up the good work
elia dimiropoulos : i need to say but this is the best gamw iv ever played
__sooraj__ : i liked the zen mode and the music of game keep us intresting
ian mccurdy : this game is so much fun i play it a lot and nipples
martha r-j : i love this game because of the simple controls, yet it ls really fun to play
victor moroz : because you must turn off display timeout in games.
hamza rabi : it would be better if it has a good arabic translation rather than a google translation.
nick plummer : perfect graphics and its very beautiful very adictive game very relaxing and enjoyable
emma cornelius : this an impressive game! very aesthetically pleasing and addicting.
difa abdussalam : simple gameplay, amazing graphic, and the soundtrack is beautiful,relaxing, and it really brings you to alto's universe. loved it!
lz lazri : i dont have words for this game ..amazing
v a r u n : th3 graphic are very cool and i love it also you also try this
evil boy : nice game.this game is awesome.the graphics are nice and the sound quality..... made a deep impression on me....the zen mode in this game....is made to play with headphones... if u play the zen mode with headphones ull not be able to control urself to rate it 5 star....good job....noodlecake studios...
ramya sp : a waste and dabba game i hate it
joy goswami : keep calm and get lost in alto's world!
david post : amazing game, the only thing, it's a little repetitive
a google user : you know guys this game is very nice it removes stressed from me and have a good music and graphics i love this great game ilove the music
akhil kumar : the game is far more satisfying than a noodle or a cake!
rahul kashelani : simple and easy, yet immersive!
george huggan : great game, very good for short or longer sessions.
sushmita das : really good game to relax and pass time.
abhishek pandey : awosome gameplay peaceful music and relaxing game nice graphics i suggest everyone to play this game
destroyers007 : this game is so addictive, i love it so much!
luke rabe : amazing, really beautiful and peaceful game. super chill
isabelle bamford : i love this game so much but i especially like the zen mode
peer : lots of long-term gameplay, great for quick games
ashok : the graphics are surreal and captivating..an awesome game
marty worrall : great game, simple and interesting. beautiful sound and look
a google user : it's very peaceful, it feels like heaven
jyotsna ekapure : it's an amazing game ..must try it... gets addicted to it
saucey feet : over this game was amazing... the music made everything more soothing. and the sound when the rain starts pooring down is great! i loved this game... it's soo good!!! and the thing that i love the most... no ads!!!
karthik biju : i loved the music which helps you to play without boring best game i downloaded so far
young_ nugget215 : i think that this is the best game ever because it kind of action and kind of adeventure game! $$$$=)
a google user : i think that this game is great. i play it everyday is a blast and i just love it
kazi islam : tremendous creation. beautiful. keep up the good work
aryan haghparast : this game is simply awesome eventhough it makes me sad!!
mint fish : cannot use cloudsave.plz add it!i
rahul venkatesh : its good to play.. but some missions are hard to finish
heybriana md : it has good graphics and design it's really addictive
ranjana malakar : my favourite game, better than temple run
yogendra verma : played in iphone nice performance now playing in android nice game
uchiha obito : this is a really nice game and the music in the game is also very pleasant
ayurya kademani : super fantastic game i love this game music and graphics super
biplab nandi : this is a stunning,amazing game i ever played.
pooja kapoor : best mobile game indeed best music i am also waiting for the next adventure alto oddessy
devesh bhadauria : loved it.... awsm graphics and relaxing game play fun with adventure.... got damn addictive
sudarshan sen : this is the best game ever in my life. it's pleasant and relaxing. very good graphics ,very very thanks to noodle cake studios
djsn3k / sn3kgos : it is a good game, with nice scenery and beautiful graphics.
sudeep banjade : this game has zero defects....wow all things in this game are awesome....thankyou alto
gabriel ginter : beautiful game, the artwork is some yet enchanting.
meenesh waran : it is a beautiful game. amazing graphics of climatic and weather change
a google user : awesome animation and only the game which i love so much..
a google user : absolutely amasing and spent lots of time on zen mode just admiring the art style and the backdrop
a google user : i suggest this game for all except for babies.
ellen mantiziba : this game is definitely worth your while. thegraphics are quite stunning
matt : great graphics and soothing gameplay! good job, devs!
walter jones : awesome game. strange but also fun!
ravindra kumar srivastava : relaxing game with great music,nice graphics and awesome gameplay
r patra : addictive, great time pass, good graphics & sweet gameplay .
jake hummels : a very addictive game.. love it
nish anth : the running guy was too small in size.. please make it some large size...
that crackhead kachow : it was amazing yet game stressfull but amazinn
jo : absolutely beautiful and quite addictive. this game is wonderful!
dead wire : i think this game has a great concept and zen mode is amazing i just wish you could do more tricks
rosalina sanchez : i love the quality and graphics. not bad. not bad at all.
anyuan li : graphics are beautiful and it's a great way to pass the time.
harbaljinder kaur : it's graphics are amazing and the game play is awesome i love this game
lee h : ads have been added and it's requesting contact access.
gabriela dominguez : one of my favoriye games that i haved played ever!!
bior manyok : it's the best in the world my score 1'867
jacky luong : beautiful graphics and gameplay. deserves to be editor's choice
amruta navale : it is good you must install this game .good
keval : awesome game.can u make a android tv version
mayank suman : must give it a try... have great fluidic graphics
karen peppers : it's the best game i've ever played
gusti vijaya : the movement is smooth but only has a few styles.
androido official : altos adventure and chameleon is an addictive game. must have app.
dhrishwin sasikumar : excellent app simple and creative and i really liked its background music l had a good gaming experience with this cool game must try it
saga r : background, music, theme, everything is just terrific
hyron damoslo : good game i love the music good game good graphics and i love the music
rajesh sahoo : this is the most cool game i ever played
avinash atmakuri : its nice but we want something else
elijah wright : best game ever made for phones it is awesome love it
shinobi panda : awesome probably my frav game now xd
screech : i think it's awesome...i play it to help me get to sleep
michael stephens : this is what an app game should be!
shae _ : such a fun game. absolutely love it
a google user : just amazing,calm gaming experience.
ali raza : background music, scenery, sunset, game play .. omg everything was absolutely perfect.
marco diaz : well work , that's really good game
cyril j : prefect music i like so much background music .... the music gave some feeling... so i give 5* for music graphic work... good " alto" team keep update try something new... addition to this game without change music .... who work for music i salute you... your creativity thank you
umar farooq : i have to say, it's an excellent game sweet, amazing , superb & relaxing . actually i love the music when i play in free mood. but , i have an opinion , you have to make more different places, please please
aman b : nice game. makes up for the cause.
anmol singh tuteja : all the graphics were broken in my devices it's just showing pink color!!!!!
chase mitchell : this game is fairly simple but is just stunning.
tomas whelan : temple run is nothing compared to this!
kaushik mishra : not bad not bad at all. just the gameplay could be better
mohan j : good very nice gaming experience.. play an interesting a game..
miss basma : this made me smile incredible
nova gaming : stunning games love the graphics and the game play great game
demon_king_47_ : i like this game very much....and the fact that i'm very good at it makes everything better!!
rufus white : fun and a real time killer that's peaceful
bec walsh : a nice peaceful game with calming graphics :-)
aminath ismail : great game the scenary made me play the game great game
zoty chomik : it's so beautiful graphic and game
dark knight : best game ever i got 2 say that this game is the best.
a google user : i looooove this game so relaxing and fun!!
william : very fun and entertaining.download if you can
ahily khirad : it's the best game i ever played. everything is fantastic...the music, the graphics. i wish i could give it more than 5 stars!
daniel hall : addicting game with great graphics and music!
karan.l yash : it is a mind blowing game.
domfin : the best android game ive played
a google user : it is great but hard to gain speed
bruh gx : the best indie game i played
melody moyer : i love this game its so calming
titania snowfeather : makes my phone run super hot
xen hacker : best game and best relaxing music of the world
caleb rudnick : maybe my favourite game on android atm
ya boi slitz : the way they make the game it is so awsome
koifish 79 : this game is amazing. plain and simple
nebularnectar : it's super cool. gets addictive
marcos garcia : beautifully designed. simply game play.
jack vince : excellent game. very fun and addictive.
glenn abraham : you guys are the best! thank you for the game
fuad shahriar : nothing to say about this game. this game is praise worthy.
keyur shah : stunning visuals, great game, loved it
gaurav kumar : awesome especially the soothing music track
divyansh pathak : best time killer game ever...amazing music and graphics.
supreet b : days r shorter & nights longer, it's bit difficult tat way..
kamariah walata : it's a fun game its really fun
rishitanksh ghosh : superb graphics and a blockbuster super duper hit game
infinite gamer yt : love this game incredible graphics and controls!
lakhvinder singh : the layout, graphics, detailing of the features are top notch....very pleasing to the eye....loved playing...
a google user : the sfx and music is great. the control can be more
anirudh singh : the best you can get
kevin l. : kool game, very addicting, and easy to play
inspire. : is good to spend time yay
shahnawaz ansari : kindly add more soundtracks and tricks to do
nate roslewicz : great game for those slow days
veronica b : very cute game and awesome graphics.
diego reyes : feels good to play it, scenes are amazing, and relaxing
pratima pandey : peace and fun. the rare combo. amazing one.
i m : amazing. peaceful. beautiful music. this game is a masterpiece.
rajender kumar : fabulous performance of the game great graphics and good control
audrey o'keefe : this game is so relaxing and the graphics are beautiful!!
azha : this game just awesome and its graphic is super cool.lone this game
ompu.m : your game is great i give it 5
ritik satam : pleasant game......with awesome atmosphere.....and climatic changesloved it
a google user : the game is extremely beautiful and gameplay is addictive.
roshan : excellent challenging great graphics and background music
nick sucks at drawing : one question. is there a way to have the same progress on 2 devices? great game btw
a google user : relaxing music, astonishing graphics and addictive gameplay
shaik ashra : very very very good game must download it
maxie veloz : so freaking awesome and relaxing. i loveeeee it! (especially zen mode.)
nathaniel wozny : i love the zeb mode it's so peacefull
shriniketmani tripathi : amazing game its so pleasent
spide 07 : best game iylts so cool
seyed mahmoud arzideh : i enjoy this game every time
jhostin ramirez : its great the music graphics everything
sridar rao : it is fun and really a good game
ajeeth suresh : incredible graphics nice game loved it
silly sock : i love in the simplicity their is complexity
yeagerist forever : needs modification but i love it
leojit thounaojam : one of my best game ever
a google user : super fun to play while high
shizan dawood shaikh : this game is another word of relaxation
logan frost : one of the best game till the date
mohammed aazib hussain : the best game in play store
shreesharan : i liked the background music and area of this game.
jade chong : it's one of the best games in the world on youtube
zain : it's graphics are stunning fantastic game love it
exonly 1090 : for your information...i always lose in this game..........because i keep looking at this *beautiful graphic*......
ashley nhiwatiwa : beautiful graphics, beautiful sound track and beautiful physics
merlin z : best game ever!!! create more games like this!!!
momen hasan : aesthetically it's awesome...one of the best graphics...after badland great animation games i've ever played..so much adventure in this game..love it
luis gonzalez : please fix the "watch a video" button to revive characters. galaxy s5
danielle baham : it is a way to release your self!
travis : edit: why does the app suddenly want access to my contacts?! ----- previous review:beautiful! thanks so much for making this game! ^_^
evan waechtler : just wish more characters would be added.
a google user : a little northern lights would be like icing on the cake
black.0ut -00 : awesomely addictive.
mo_e90 : it's relaxing super fun well graphics and simple
mina das : i just love the zen mode.its my fav
eka pratiwi : i cant reset it. please fix it
cole kraft : great little game to waste time with.
augustine okello : this game is dope, but it lacks some important sound effects, the likes of yeehooo!!.. when back flipping.....just add more sounds
sterling harding : this is a very addicting game that doesnt pesture ypu with ads this game has no in app purchases so you know these people arent wanting money
driftiest_follower : just upgraded to the s8+, how can i sync my data from my old phone? please help
a google user : ive played this game for hours at walmart waiting. on my wife to get done shopping.
logan harlost : this game is awesome !!!! love the zen mode. plug in some headphones and you will feel relaxed while playing!!!!
daniel preston : this game is a brilliant game to spend time on
gaming maniac : this is a good game.....download it and play......awesome sound and normal graphics .....need more updates .....love it.....good luck
vishu : music is awesome, graphics are great, game is adventurous... truly amazing.
pseudo coffee : one of the best casual games.
thechannel : fantastic graffics,addictive gameplay
james perry : great way to pass the time.
shogun : alto's adventure is a good game
a google user : beautiful, challenging yet relaxing
elstin s : amazing graphics and awesome music.
a google user : aaaaawwesome !!!very nice graphics and easy to control .very good gameplay
jordan stratford : wouldbe ok if i could see where the rocks are
gary romero : great game, very addicting
prasad panvelkar : awesomee game.. superb graphics..silent music u can feel the game with headphones
alvin theakham : an addictive game.very quaint.
trai snow : zen mode..... i could go hours playing the zen mode.... the rain and thunder sounds makes me crash land my self and just sit there with the character and enjoy.... i am zen.....!! :d
anurag singh : how can i restore my previous game play
ashish kumar : music, background and simplicity. that's what makes it fantastic. amazing...
sak hinduja : please make these game multiplayer game
baby gupta : it's a very very very good game..
md. mostafa azad ratul : i am addicted for this game...
wizrdmastr 88 : you can play 4 ever but after a bit it makes you hold the screen and flip forever
musashi miyamoto : a very relaxing game.
galaxy eagle 100% : wow... i know this game from my friend, and he tell me to try this game... after i downloaded this game and i play it... very cool guys... good job! ;^)
i am busy right now : please add a avalanche mood as well.
a google user : easy, relaxing, without ads
it's narendran : best ever game played.
ko : a great game overall
nusan shrestha : perrfect when there's no internet available
joy paul : very fun and very addicting!
akshay sachdeva : supercute...loved the music !! background weather is nice
aziz mustika aji : love this game too much!
smita vaidya : good game....must play atleast once!!!!
ibadurrahman khalil : love it. esp. the music
sai kiran : my would it was i love alto's to love it
sky fisher : can't wait for alto's odyssey!
gabe : can't wait for alto's odessy!!
hariprasad : great design and great music guys..fun to play...great effort
mihajlo tejic : this is best game ever!
marcial lao : great game
marina tupran : beautiful, soothing, challenging.
trisha saikia : love the game.. very peaceful. soothing sounds and good graphics.
marilia kalouli : to much purchase anoyance
aswathy sarath : i love is game .... i will enjoyed very much
just_ ella : i loved it, so beautiful!
bill crane : there really should be an option to hold his breath.
shabeer shabi : an excellent game...superb graphics and bgm...thanks for developers
a google user : very fun, addicting, smooth. music is great.
alex : its free ! it was 6
selva s : nice graphics and sounds....love it
therese guanzon : i love the zen mode!
a google user : i love this game!!
a google user : it's fun and relaxing
t-recker 1000 : i loved this game from when i saw it
manish toraskar : addictive game..must play..
naren pari : yup liked very much ....alto a great child
ashkan karimiyan : great game!
prajyot naik : adventurous game
lucky choudhary : beautiful piece of graphics....... loved it..
only dreaming moon story : just fckng perfect.
michel dufour : this game is great.
s k : awesome......it defines all.....
anthony brown : love this game buttons are glitchy but love the game
tara waterman : it's so beautiful
m d : full of passion and grace.
gopala krishnan : it's a good game
joshua musa : it's kinda of a inspiration
moaz reda : as trump would say .....tremendous
anaximandro godinho : relaxing and beautiful game.
pie boi : really relaxing gameplay.
yolanda gonzalez : it's soooo cool
farhad bhadha : it is the so relaxing!
pranesh lakshmanasamy : the vedio is not working..
paik & yogesh : must play it..atleast once
harsheyt s : music is amazing!!
gaurav bisht : just simple and awesome!!!
bifocal autumn : it's so fun
matthew lorenzo : a+++ best time waster
goka ra'n : it must have a frontflip option also
sumit dey : one of the best!
luka vekic : great game 10/10
cherishdalove : extremely relaxing!
anthony : awesome overall!!!!!
a google user : great game!!
a google user : good and addictive,,,, loved the music
shady.gh0st : good but could be better
medhajit pahari : soothing!
a google user : it is a very good game
angel garcia : the game is so good
suman patwari : not a bad for time pass
sarath k : perfect time pass game
md mukarram : good game and music also
a google user : i think this is the best game
rogue nation : awesome somewhat challenging on the controls
penjejak outdoor : great game with superb visual
heisenberg : good animation and scound experience
durgapal singh : it is a very good game
micah hanson : this game is fun and calming
alice wallice : i think this game is the best
shubham hawaldar : best game play in adventure
a google user : i love it it is really nice
jerry dozier : love this game great action
suhail : the zen mode is beautiful
dell thomas : simple but very addictive
rowland mynors : the perfect mobile game
noah doust : it is a lot of fun!!!!!!!!!!
thegrey hoodedone : its actualy not that bad
kjoter : loved it!!! amazing graphics
pruthvi shetty : really relaxing
chackochi thomas : it is marvelous.
steve bolt : simply stunning.
kate emmert : absolutely beautiful.
nanakofa : love the simplicity
vijith vincent : addicted...
ray williams : love this game.
a google user : absolutely brill !!!!!!!
eric zizumbo : how lovely.
david lyimo : great game.
a google user : great app
ayan sinha mahapatra : the best.
neal : it's good
umang rustagi : most beautiful concept and most beautiful graphics
sreelekshman s : awsome game....
sathish sds : super game please instal it...
oskar den arend : want to watch and a video? no? well have an ad instead!
nerd 4ever : help me please, when i uninstall and reinstall the game, i lose all my progress , although i did sign in into my google play account, please help me
tech games funzone : best graphic game
maria elena : a awesome game
gantamir bazarkhuu : one of best game
ehzha : love the wing suit
colin campbell : highly recommend this app
dipayan biswas : very nice game
m e : best game and bgm
a google user : awesome great game
anajahwa hunte : games awesome tho
ayden figueroa : it is a cool game
jackson obel : very well made
muneer hassan : i love this game
ricky williams : awesome cool amazing
damian sharp : good game a masterpiece
priyam : very good for playing
pratik katare : very beautiful game
faisal niyazi : verrrrryyyyyy good game
roy alexander : outstanding game experience
rahul shankar : amazing sound quality
nikro nikri : really kick ass
siddhesh kumbhar : grateful music of this game
alex : so calming and fun
nenad zunic : relaxing...
nirban : hey dev, will you add facebook sync features? so that we can compare our score with friends.
payton mason : i think it was a okay game
anirudh dasari : the background music though
satish patil : aswm incredicble game by noodlecake ........
owen keys : beautifully executed game
dominic weinhaupl : love it so much
adam robertson : beautiful and addicting game
a google user : i love this game
kaushal gogula : how to escape elders
oye sunil : great game
scott silveira : very calming
samuel brenner : great game
a google user : exactly nice
jayson : pretty good
brian watts : great game
tshepo lentor : actually fantastic
sebastian : great game
seal _ : super sharp
sanjay gangber : totally awesome
abhishek rout : its awesome
haresh pagare : good graphics
aidan roach : its awesome
andi kurniajaturiatama : great game
natalie preece : pretty cool
khaled amir : simply the best
curtley adams : simply awesome
weston oliver : simply elegant
wild child : very relaxing
jalen johnson : cool g
rahul crajput : simple and awesome
k t : it was great
ajit kumar pani : best for music
sung : cool graphics
a google user : love the music
harrison navarra : great graphics
r- : beautiful graphics
sanjar kasmamytov : that's aswome!
marco orozco : addictive
vibha datt : tough
kanish raja : boring
unknown unknown : beast
jason ji sung yun : what is a proximity backflip??
geetha geetha : i love this game even i deleted all the game
kolimlim, jerome d. : cool
k pratik : cool
indra/manuel arevalo : cool
misuvgn : incredible
a google user : cool
pranay biswas : addictive
arun ramachandran : no updates, why?
prantik bora : the " people " who want to play this game should think thrice ( or maybe just once) , do u want to play a game where we have to surf and catch llamas.
isma r : down rate to 1. i have unlocked almost all char. when i change phone and install again, i have to start from zero again. so what is the point feature log in to google account for ?
muhammed pradeep : mind cooler
abdullah shaikh : epic graphics
a google user : it sucked
siya shamase : bosses
charlie o'grady : beautiful design and look, addicting and fun, but some of the core gameplay is flawed, and you don't get rewarded for doing the harder stuff, like grinds and airtime, because all the coins and power ups are on the ground. the game is basically saying skilled players get less than worse players. just reposition the coins and power ups and it would be a unanimous 5 star
samer ali : i really love the game, downloaded it a while back and still do not get bored of it and in my opinion it was the worth the money however i have recently been getting quite a lot of adverts that are ruining my runs when they suddenly pop up. since around october, when i downloaded it, i have never ever gotten an advert in the game. i don't know why i now keep getting ads. but gameplay wise it is amazing.
macey giles : i completed this game and unlocked everything and it was amazing. the pace takes some getting used to, i sucked at it the first few times but you get really good and it's so much fun to get new characters. reminds me of robot unicorn attack only more soft and lovely and with way more fun and easily achievable rewards.
ltreat : i uninstalled this game months ago for storage purposes and having come back to it full of fond memories, i didn't expect this game to be even better than it was before. zen mode is something i never knew i wanted and i simply adore everything about this game. from the beautiful graphics and stunning music, this game will leave you with an experience you won't regret and only make you want to come back for more.
mr.corny corn : uhm, the game is cool and great and i'm a fan of snowboarding but one thing is the jump and stunt if you could make a controller for that like on the left screen is the jump and on the right is the stunt or vice versa because if i tried to jump, alto will not jump as high and the terrible thing is he will try to flip. please if you could make this i will be forever be greatful that i play such wonderful game like this.
maxwell dyirakumunda : this game is nothing like i have ever played, it is fun, it has good effects and the night and day is just spectacular. i love it when you are boarding and then some guy comes and chases, you just get absolute fun. zen mode is another thing, it is so nice even if you don't want to be scored or gamed so if you are looking for a adventurous relaxing game this is the one to get.
erin ferguson : this game is meant to be enjoyed, not to be frustrating or impossible. the music is relaxing, the graphics are pleasing, and the game itself challenging without the need for money-mining in-app purchases. if you're having trouble passing a goal, you can skip it with coins. if you fall down, you can get back up without using coins. and if you don't have coins, you can watch ads for some more. in this way, ads are not forced upon you during game play. the zen mode is the perfect way to hone your skills.
kaustav ganguly : exactly what a mobile video game should be after a hectic day. beautiful to look at, the tricks are so satisfying when the snowboard lands perfect and the day night cycle is the thing which makes this unique. the attention to detail is superb yet the overall minimalism is sublime and calming. zen mode is love. love the soundtrack too. not like those tacky run game music. it's a beautiful place to be at the end of a busy day.
james talmage : after watching adds to keep going, i no longer can control the character. i noticed this soon after unlocking the last character. not sure if it is related to my progress in the game or just a recent update. either way the bug now happens consistently when it didn't before. i no longer watch adds because of it (i doubt the developer wanted that to be my behavior)
terry wang : there's not much to do once you've finished the game. i'd like it if there was some kind of "marathon mode" that would be unlocked after completing all 180 goals, which challenges you to complete as many goals again in a single run. or some sort of "new game+" mode.
luke george : really good game to sit down with and relax. deffinately worth a try. one thing to look at would be the syncing of other devices, i play on my phone and my tablet and lately the game data doesnt sync up very well it just doesnt do it and i have to play around with google account, uninstalling and reinstalling ect. appart from that the games great
ethan dunn : this game is beautifully crafted and developed. it couldn't be executed in a better way. the ads are in the forms of videos to revive alto. so there's no unnecessary span that takes away from the experience. the graphics are unlike any other mobile game i've seen. the attention to detail and smoothness coincide perfectly to create a perfect gaming experience. the nature of the game is in a sense exciting, but the way to execute the objective is relaxing and calming to the senses.
dev shahbajaj : i love the game and overall gaming concept but what i didn't like is too much darkness when sunset occurs and moon takes the place. the things become invisible that creates lot of eyestrain during play. i think a game colors should be eye friendly. kindly think over this .
devin kennedy : altos adventure is not perfect. it's a great game with incredible graphics and relaxing music. it's an endless runner that combines addicting features such as goals and achievements. it's simple gameplay makes it easy to get lost in. however, i have experienced lag during the game. now a little lag is no issue, but when you're grinding and all of a sudden you're underneath the rail, you lose all your points. it messes with your combos. the menu buttons are not responsive whatsoever. all in all, a fun game.
alex nolen : have had it for over a year now, and still is my favorite app game i've ever played. beautiful art style, magnificent, music, and such fun game play. no other game like it is both so fun and soothing. new updates have been great, adding zen mode. i am personally not a fan of being able to pay coins or watch ads to continue runs, because it just feels like cheating compared to playing it before you could do so. overall fantastic game, and absolutely recommend to anybody and everybody.
william kew : this game combines elements from two of my all-time favourites; journey, and olli olli. esthetically beautiful, great music, and simple yet effective controls make this game very pleasing. it's an endless snowboarding game that relies on the players input to perform tricks and avoid obstacles. levels change (procedurally, maybe) which makes this game about focus and reaction speed rather than memorization and muscle memory. great game.
chopper girl : oddly, it responds to a left click to exit the game, but not to a right click to chose yes. won't respond to any right clicks or mouse wheel clicks, or any key from a keyboard whatsoever. as such, there is no way to control it or select anything from an android tv box, so i give it a fail until the user interface is corrected and fixed.
jake charlson : i find this game very relaxing, i'm not sure i would call it a fun game, but i can't get enough of it and it's definitely enjoyable. this is also the only game that i intentionally turn the sound on for. every single other game i play is muted because they sound terrible, but this one is great. to top it all off, it is incredibly beautiful and polished. you should definitely give it a try.
alex red : love this game. very visually beautiful and simple play yet a lot of fun. only issue is that the watch ad system is a bit buggy and sometimes doesn't work or takes a good few minutes to work or causes the game to freeze briefly on the continue screen (but the end game button still works fine).
manea sergiu : game is purly awesome. edit: 1. sometimes on high boost while passing through coin magnet or mega coins, you don t get it, as if it's not there 2. while pausing the game for an incoming call, notification, when the notification appears on top of the screen (samsung j5 user), and you are holding your finger to perform a backflip, when you releae it to remove the pop-up or answer the call, when you go back to the game, the player doesn t respond to jumping. lost alot of coins like that, after reviving...
steven scibetta : i have no problems with games that have minor bugs, especially when they are as beautiful and addicting as this one. however, with the latest update, in-game ads have started appearing. i realize that developers need money, so if these only appeared at game launch, i'd be totally okay with that. however, i have twice now had my app crash in the middle of very good runs due to ads appearing in the middle of my game. i will change this back to a 5 once it's fixed, but until then, i wish i had never updated.
kristina kusnierova : i love the simple and beautiful design, it doesn't have annoying ads, music and sounds are calm and nice, and it doesn't get too fast to handle as you advance in the game. challenging, but not annoyingly difficult. definitely purchase the windsuit especially if you have troubles with maya and big chasms. i'd like if we could buy more stuff in workshop. still one of the best games.
morgan landreth : it's fun and can be challenging without being annoyingly difficult. the adds are only there as an option to give you extra lives or free coins so that's nice. nothing is hidden behind a paywall except for a coin doubler which is unnecessary thanks to the free coins from videos. i also enjoy the objectives that allow you to unlock new characters. zen mode is a nice bonus too. all around great game. 4 stars because it lags a bit on my nexus 6p.
alisha lumpkin : i love everything about this game. music, design, illustration. but here recently it will tell me google has stopped working and then go crazy. this doesn't happen on any other game app. or the screen glitch during smashing more than one rock, or the green horn. it's getting to where i get really close to my goal and it just quit on me.. so sad.
zak bradow : but when i do it has to be for good reason. i can say that you'll love this game. its smooth stylish graphics and great sounds make it an easy game to play over and over. it has easy challenges that will make you try over and over again. and the best part is they don't ask you over and over to rate them. i came here just to say how good they are on my own.
nothis realname : this game is almost perfect. the game play lends itself to replayability, allowing hours of entertainment and challenge. the integration of adds is subtle and they can easily be avoided, or watched to get a quick revive or more in game coins. the only fault i find is in the menu ui. some menu options require multiple taps to take effect. i've had this game for months and keep playing.
a google user : on the surface, alto's might seem a far too simple side scrolling game. but there are layers of subtle complexity - that doesn't necessarily involve game mechanics - that really accentuates the gameplay experience. the music, the graphics, the changing time of day and my favorite the zen mode. all of this makes alto's a compelling try. well done noodlecake studios. thumbs up.
a google user : a true masterpiece. the sound of cold breeze whirling past your ear, the snow, the mountainous backdrop, the transition from dawn to dusk, the dark sky dotted with shiny little stars, the adorable crescent moon, the warm golden lamps, the cosy little huts, the scarf and the music! i could just lose myself in this dreamy little land. a slight bug: snapshots get overwritten. please fix it.
rob every : proof that you don't need to be a ruthless cash hound to make money you just have to execute. this game is lovely to look at, challenging but not artificially so and as a player you feel involved and thought of, unlike the vast majority if mobile games that just want your money and design the game around that. one caveat though, once you get the fourth character it gets impossibly tough and you stop playing so much
merrill : zen mode is the best - wish there was a separate stat screen for zen. i love that you can skip tasks - i'm barely able to beat an elder once in a race. love the last unlock abilities, but i wish the last two characters were swapped, so the ll is the best. when i crash in zen mode near some birds - i watch the sun or moon for a while + listen to the bells + hoofs crunching snow. graphics 5/5 soundtrack 5/5 foley 5/5
brad terp : excellent game and runs very smooth. very intuitive controls (being as simple as they need to be) and above that its fun. the challenges will keep you going and some really do get troublesome and push you to get better. overall i love it. would recomend, even if you dont stick with it.
joshua barker : when there's an ad free version to purchase. also ski safari is vastly more forgiving on sticking the landings which tells me this developer wants your game interrupted frequently to ad blitz you or make you want to buy coins. visually i like this alto's adventure. music i dig too. it's just too annoying. i'm uninstalling. i'll check back every few months for an ad free version.
a google user : there's a bit of a hole in my life at the moment because i finished alto a few weeks ago. i need more challenges, is there any plans for an update with more stuff to do because im gettin withdrawal symptoms here! also, this game is essentially tupa's adventure for me cos i haven't used alto in forever
ryan king : too many of the challenges come from luck rather than skill, such as catch 3 llamas while hovering - for example - you have to get a hover and have llamas after it and even if you manage it sometimes you hover clean over them without 'collecting'. also the watch video function just doesn't work.
jeremy cummings : i really love this game, it's calming and fun; like a peaceful and artistic sonic the hedgehog. problem is that the button for the wingsuit doesn't work on the fire tv platform. i game tested all the possible variables and all the remote buttons work. mainly staging a protest, since i can't pass the levels that need the suit.
a google user : this game is so relaxing and the gameplay is entertaining, the graphics are beautiful and impressing for a simple app like this one, and to top it all off there is even a zen mode in the game! one more thing; the audio makes it two times better. soothing music and nature sounds to accompany you as you glide down an endless mountain! there is barely any ads as well!
bappu debnath : recently (propably after updating game) when i started playing the unit in the game doesn't jump even after taping several time. but it works after restarting. the disturbance takes place usually after playing continuously several times. this is not the problem with device as i found the same problem to two smartphones i have played. please fix this problem.
rio nevin : the only complaint i have: the sound volume includes the ambience volume. i want to listen to the ambience much more than the game's sound effect. i really love the soothing ambient sounds, but the clinks and clanks of the sound effect really ruins the atmosphere (for me). so i think the volume of the game sound effects (coin picking, combo sounds, etc) should have separate volume setting from the ambience sound effect (wind, snow, rain, thunder). other than that, it's perfect.
johnny : at first i didn't like it and then i got to liking it for a while, but after a bit the goals get so ridiculous that i found myself not enjoying the game anymore. the graphics in the background with the weather and the night and day are pretty cool, but during the night time part, you have to sit in a dark room because any slight glare on the screen makes it impossible to see what's happening. sometimes during a rock smash off of an ice glide,the whole screen glitches out for a second.
a google user : a great fun simple game with beautiful graphics that cycle through day and night along with some weather conditions. gameplay is simple and fun. each unlockable character gives a new perspective on the gameplay. i can't recommend it enough. some issues with ad integration and not responding properly at times but rarely interrupts gameplay
zy jerasca : alto's is a great design of the simple endless run game mechanic. with multiple characters to unlock and power ups to upgrade you can change the way you play. the mountian is never the same twice so there is no memorizing patterns, it's just you and the mountain.
rouget francis : i love this game so much but lost my game process i unlocked 4 characters already my game just restart by itself please help or if you cant its still ok i was wonder if you could like add more classic music in the zen mode thanks for reading
janilyn : i can state so many reasons why this app is labeled "editor's choice". i love everything from this app, especially the new zen mode, feel like i could travel miles from my tab and meditate. the graphics is good, looks simple but it just matches my type. nothing i would complain about. worth trying. thank you staff, keep up your good work. i will definitely recommend this. so, five stars for you. (if possible, i would give a thousand :") )
brendon ruiz : what began as an immersive game with fantastic music became a lesson in futility once you realize that with maya, there are multiple bits of terrain it is impossible to traverse whether you have a boost or not. not to mention that when the elders begin to speed up, there are huge stretches of terrain with no viable means of eacaping. difficult games are great, games that cant be beaten without cash arent
ruby rose : this game is visually stunning, with its own day/night cycle and lighting. but i feel that it's a little lacking in terms of gameplay. sure, the first few hours are awesome, giving you a sense of skiing freedom like no other. so you do a few missions, unlock some items, try out zen mode- but that's it. after that, you'll most likely get bored and this app will stay in your phone collecting digital dust. if some more action elements were added, this would be a much greater game at the expense of its serenity
drew ervin : this game is definitely easy to play and i always have a fun time when playing it. there are a couple of issues that i've found. sometimes when i use izel when i'm going off a ramp, i would lose all momentum and would lead to me crashing. another is that i would acedently hit restart at the pause screen and lose all my progress on that run. other than those it's a fantastic game!
shawn gist : i enjoy this game. really love the graphics and calming music. my dislikes are that i would like to be able to control my backflips better, have an option to adjust. there have been times i needed to bail a double flip and you can't, you're committed. but i would also like to adjust my landings. there are times i know i was level but i crashed anyway. tweaking rotation forward as well as back would rate higher. also, for me, the change of day happens too fast. but maybe that's because i'm crashing too much. overall mostly like it. beautiful.
dakota jang : i am getting frustrated from having to press multiple times on buttons/screens to move on to the next scene. i think it's a problem when there is a slight movement before releasing the button but it might be more than just that because it is happening so frequently. fix this please.
yuumeezee : fantastic game that is well deserving of the editor's choice. graphics are minimalistic but beautiful. game play is repetitive, but the procedurly generated environment manages to change things up a bit. soundtrack is soothing and beautiful, especially in zen mode. (i may be going a bit on a stretch, but it seems like it has a nice homage to journey). all in all, a well done game.
conall : this game is mind blowing. the simple yet beautiful graphics combined with the calming soundtrack makes a very relaxed gaming experience. i have a couple of ideas; in zen mode- it'd be cool if you could customise the obstacles and weather on the mountain. ie. no rocks. also there is no animation for when alto starts chasing and gets up after falling. if more customization is implemented, it would make for an even more relaxing gaming experience. if not the app is still amazing
kartik verma : as you can see the reviews below it is relaxing , gorgeous, and comes with beautiful music. but i want to tell you something that while playing this game i forgot the time the place and my mind was lost in music scenes and my mind was fully relaxed .i had seen games that are good but this game is mind friendly and i was feeling that i am alto before playing this game my mind was full stressed full of anger after i played game i was fully refreshed
heather upchurch : would give it 10 stars if it weren't for the constant ads, or if you could at least see the rocks and jumps in time so you didn't have to watch one every 10 seconds. definitely has the potential to be great though, so sad.
austin johnson : frankly, those games advertising about having the best graphic on mobile and whatever else, are really superficial. this is one of those games which try to go over the top with "next-gen graphics," but has created a game which has epitomized what a good mobile game should be. relaxing and slightly challenging. also the soundtrack is awesome, and happen to listen to the track which plays during zen mode, on spotify. by far the best mobile game on the app store (besides minecraft. ).
andy leigh : just excellent. goals are well structured, it's always fun, new characters are unlocked frequently, and on top of that it's gorgeous to look at and listen to. it'd be good if there were a few more power up options, even paid ones, and there are a few times where the play again button doesn't do anything, but overall there's nothing to detract from the five stars.
maks godek : the game is absolutely amazing. the graphics, the atmosphere and music - all are doing great job together. it keeps the player focused while he/she can relax simuntaneously. my only wish is to be able to do front flips - it would be better to have that mid-air control.
gabriel rosas : i really enjoyed the game, and the visuals. however, with a game like this, all i want to do is continue playing, so after each run, being shown 3 different menus with annoying pauses for each one of them simply drives me up the wall. i'd prefer if there was an option to disable the fact that your stats appear after every run because i couldn't care less.
s r : everything else is fine besides two things, first when you click once when you want to close out / enter in of something / anything it takes at least three clicks for it to finally do what you want. second is that when you watch the ads for more money it suddenly freezes and you can't cancel. the other is when you play and suddenly you don't have control over your character but it's going by itself and not jumping since you have to make the person jump. please fix.
tyanna s : amazing, definitely worth every minute of playing. but.. one thing i would like to see added is the shadow for the poles and wire that you grind on. because if you are on it and look down at the ground the character is in mid air. just a little graphic issue but other than that this game is amazing. should be paid for.
connor fraher : this is one of, if not the best game noodlecake studios has ever had a hand in. the music, most notably, is incredibly entrancing and provides a perfect backdrop to the stunning visuals, crisp sound effects, and simplistic ui. the gameplay itself is rewarding, easy, and fun. there aren't a lot of major changes as the game goes on, but as the player learns, they can twist the subtle changes to ramp up their own experience with the game. overall, one of the best free games i've ever downloaded.
gibran ashraf : this is a really refreshing take on the linear gameplay mode with simple but great graphics coupled with awesome game design and mechanics that stay true to physics. the cherry on top is the new zen mode. easily the best and most soothing thing after a hard day. deserves more than 5 stars to be honest. will share with my friends - not something i say for a lot of things
robert j. w. : this game could be amazing but there are too many annoying flaws. mainly, it's really hard to see your character at times. the screen zooms out a lot, the graphics get way too dark at times, and the screen can get too busy with the objects it displays. the latter wouldn't be a problem but the previous 2 issues make it a hassle. as it stands, i can't recommend this game and am uninstalling.
santos delafuente : a really beautiful game and well made. i like how there is a day and night feature. i wish you could do frontflips to add more variety to the game. it could also help if you can't do a full backflip and moving forward will save you instead of having to wait and die. other than that it's really great game!
michael thompson : everyone is saying it's relaxing. for me it's frustrating! you have to tap only half way up a ramp to get the most height. it gets dark so that you can't even see the rocks without straining your eyes. it does look pretty, but it's not for me. uninstalled after 5 minutes.
jacquelinel1019 : its a great game except it's constantly changing lighting/time of day. when its all grey or red i'm finding it almost impossible to see the rocks as they blend in. unlike the colour scheme of the tutorial which i really enjoyed i got super disappointed that this didn't continue through to the main gameplay. so i stopped playing and uninstalled. update with a fixed background option and id play again
sukrit gupta : i was absolutely addicted to this game! it's so good, but then i did a factory reset for my phone and as this game was connected to google play services, i thought my progress will be saved. i reinstalled this game and after the tutorial, i signed in but whoops, still level 1, although it shows my previous highest score. if you can help me get that, i'd appreciate that. thanks!
daniel patrick : the minimalist art style is truly beautiful and it combines with a calming soundtrack and simple one touch control system to make an endless runner(snowboarder) game that for once feels relaxed and not panicked. there are no pop up ads or waiting for upgrades to take effect, nor any neccessary in-app purchases just to play properly, unlike so many other games. complete objectives to unlock new characters and go into "zen mode" for an even more relaxing experience. i can't recommend it enough.
wyatt holtkamp : i really love this game. i didn't find the zen mode until after i had been playing it for a month, but the zen mode is even better that the actual game. especially because of the music. it is great to be played with headphones. i will upgrade my rating to 5 stars however; if a glitch is fixed. pretty often the jump and flip function will stop working. the pause button will work and the rest of the screen is fine. but in game mode i will suddenly be incapable of jumping. which sucks at 14,000 meters...
a google user : easily my favourite mobile game and the one i've invested most time into. insanely fun and addictive and gorgeously designed. in the last week have had two people watch me playing over my shoulder. that mountain aesthetic instantly grabs you. and that score, especially the track for zen mode! simply masterful. sad that the little helmets are only on the amazon version (presumably my save / progress wouldn't transfer?)
hai-qality : i'm speechless, this is an absolute masterpiece. the gameplay is simple yet fun. the visual, graphics, scenery is so beautiful that you can play hours of this game without getting bored. the music is calm and soothing, perfect for the game. the developer even provide a zen mode which you can play the game endlessly without dying from the obstacles or enemies. overall this is the best game i've ever played.
swata das : this game is not addictive. it's like meditation. i can imagine the makers trying to make us players feel what it is to live in the vicinity of absolute beauty. the zen mode is a welcome addition. the scenery, the music, the visuals are inexplicably calming. there's not enough words to frame into praise for this. thank you for giving us the opportunity of being part of alto's adventure.
alex b : a simple, solid, smooth and incredibly fun game crafted with beautiful audio and visuals. i'm not sure why it's named after a starting character you'll only ever use for the first 20mins lol i've hit maximum level now so uninstalling, but will my eyes peeled for an update or sequel. very impressive, guys. keep it up!
noah purdy : what isn't to love about this game? amazing graphics, simple yet addicting objective, the goals are not too challenging but not too easy, and the advertisements are just available for extra coins or a life. there is the occasional visual glitch for a fraction of a second when i smash through a rock every once in awhile, but that is easily excusable by the quality of this game. keep up the good work devs!
ashwin jp : great production values. gorgeous to look at. but sprites look a bit tiny, especially the obstacles are hard to notice when going full tilt. also it gets harder during the "night". if you could somehow make obstacles less conspicous it would be an all time great app. it still is massively fun.
matthew anderson : if only more developers made games like this. no annoying popups, no annoying rate me, no need to spend money to play. i bought the one item you can buy and have gotten my money's worth 100x over. now my go to games for 20 mins relaxing. music is brilliant too. awesome game in this genre.
jeffrey orpilla : it feels like a very good canadian film like snowtime and a moving piece of artwork inside my screen. everything is visually pleasing. background music is seamless and relaxing. the ability to play this offline and the zen mode is a privilege. it asks me if i want to view a video advertisement - it lets me choose and gives a little reward if i watch one. i am humbled by this non-toxic game. impossible to hate. this game was created with love. mid-game the screen flickers!
brianna schutte : i love this game! the graphics are so beautiful and the way the game is set up is so relaxing and super enjoyable. i like the soundtrack too! however, at some points the game gets almost impossible. but ya know what? i suck at games and i am sure other people didn't have that problem. all in all, this is a wonderful game! you guys did a great job!
sidney grimm : fantastic game that deserves more than free to play with in-app purchases. this is a game that you spend money for, so it's a privilege to have it free. my favorite part is the zen mode where you can endlessly play to the music and sounds of the mountains. this is a fantastic game for anyone to enjoy.
needstamina : this game just feels like... if it wasnt a game, gliding trough the snowy mountains with simple but incredible views with an incredible music, just feels so relaxing, it makes you play forever, i'm just stuck at this game, its just... there are no words to express myself. this game is as good as it is now and doesn't need any improvement. thanks creators for this brilliant piece of art ;)
andrew chicks : this game is fantastic. the art style is simplistic yet beautiful, the story is cute, and the music is phenomenal. there aren't many power up options, but that doesn't hinder the game's performance at all. i'd say that this game has a lot of potential, while still being amazing.
christopher kevin : didn't even hesitate to play this again from zero (because there is no cloud save but it's alrite mate) after buying a new phone. i'll never get bored. (but at least give it some major updates) nice, heartwarming and soothing graphic and audio. everybody must play this game!
doctorwho35 : this os by fat the best game i've downloaded! so simple and calming. i love playing this game and the all-new zen mode is a great way to practice the timing of your jumps/backflips etc and a fun way to play without "extra worries" or distractions. would highly recommend.
luuk vogel : this game is simply amazing. sound design is awesome, art style looks amazing and the gameplay is simple but addictive. probably the best game on mobile period. i have a few tips so the game can become even better than it already is - maybe add an hard mode or something similar - maybe add some more characters and missions - there is a bug when you hit a llama and a rock at the same time your screen glitches out and does a flip i've had this happen to me multiple times
sam fennell : i can't really fault alto.. it is simply beautiful and my go-to game when i need to unwind. my only issue is the all time high scores. i've topped the weekly with 1.2 million (bbouncy) but any idea of making my way onto the all time is out of the question. i've read about a patch that increased the games difficulty (that would explain the crazy high scores from before!). developers, would it be possible in any way to establish an all time 'post patch' list?! love alto! i suggest you all download.
dream weaver : this is one of the best phone games i have ever played. gameplay is very simple, yet rewarding and addicting. it has a certain flow to it that is quite enjoyable and relaxing. the level of challenges isn't over the top, so it keeps you feeling good at the game while still providing some nice obstacles. i also really like that for a free game, it isn't too in your face about in app purchases. i feel like i am getting a good game without having to spend, yet the upsell are still cool for expanding the game.
miss riya : first i didn't had any idea thought an another coin collecting game but wow! this is best!! very soothing to both eyes and ears. i always feel so relaxed after playing. graphics,music,game play everythings so smooth like butter. alto rocked me shocked
bekiteru : this is the best coolest and most relaxing game i've ever play. alto's adventure is one of my favourite game of all time. never get bores even when playing it again and again. i love everything about alto's adventure but just one tiny problem. sometimes the background music stuck and even stop the music. what happened? i hope u can fix it as soon as possible. my phone is samsung j5. i hope for a new update soon because i am really looking forward for it. update suggestion = add more characters
sung-ho lee : loved the game, every aspect of it: design, mechanics, achievements etc... until it started lagging one day. most definitely not my phone issue. its a brand new nexus 6p that runs even heavy 3d games (tested to check). sometimes it runs very smoothly but after 5-10 minutes of playing the fps drops noticeably. hope this gets fixed soon
trevor arcand : this game is undoubtedly beautiful and serene to play. the campaign missions can get a bit frustrating due to being very situational in a world that's randomly generated and not always in favor of completing said missions. to me, that creates an artificial difficulty that the player can't control, becoming frustrating or unfair. however, zen mode at least addresses this somewhat and makes it easy to just enjoy the game.
crexius : the music and graphics are incredible the controls are incredibly simple no forced ads. i play on my tablet, so i cannot envision how this would scale but it looks incredible oh my 12.2in tablet
freyja kim : now i know why this is an editors' choice. the music, the art, the gameplay. everything is awesome and addicting. i just can't stop playing it because it's calming and thrilling at the same time. sometimes "watch videos" doesn't work. i wonder if there's a limit to the videos one can watch to continue playing per range of time? but it doesn't bother me much. the elder chase is just the best (the best part of the gameplay, i'd daresay!). the sunrise, too. there's nothing beats backflipping with sunrise as the background.
chloe softpaws : originally downloaded this game to crunch through some easy gp xp, and have decided to keep it. its a fun, easy, laid back game with a good pace, nice simplistic graphics and enough goals in the gameplay to make you want to get better and coming back for more. 5/5
elijah bowen : this game is just perfection. and i'm not saying that just because, i'm saying it because everything in this game is good. from the characters, to the music, to the controls. zen mode in itself is straight perfection, the music is gorgeous. this game has brought me back to night snowboarding, carving my way down the mountain never looking back just living in the moment. this game is beautiful in every way, play it with headphones!
dakoda koziol : the gameplay is ok, but i can play this all day long just to listen to the beautiful music and stare at the stunning scenery. and who's idea was it to make it change time and weather? they deserve a medal! it's such a beautiful game... [edit] i was gonna say that zen mode is unnecessary, that the regular game mode was already very 'zen' (and it is)- but then i heard the soundtrack. stunning! absolutely beautiful. you guys just leave it where it is. :)
akash mandal : i used to play this everyday i even unlocked tupa and completed most of the quest. now after i bought a be phone and installed with my google account it started a new game instead of loading my old saves. i tried up reinstall, re login but always same. now i think all those hard works gone to waste. even the achievement for the all things unlocked for me but no save file
andres rodriguez : i know it sounds contradictory, but this game truly relaxes you and, at the same time, can be very exciting at moments. visually beautiful, with nice sound effects and music. it's amazing that it's for free. five stars without a doubt. no glitches nor bugs... it runs smoothly in an lg g4.
joshua asmus : now i am not one to play on mobile games (mostly because a lot of them are poor quality) but this game has one of the best soundtracks ever. this is not super challenging game but at the same time, not a breeze either (no pun intended). if you are on the play store looking for a very simple, yet relaxing game. you found it.
off key kazoo : it's an amazing game in general. graphics are really good, runs extremely well, controls are good, but here's thi thing. i would like it if you would save the photos directly into the gallery. like make a new folder for it or something. since it is a tedious job to move it all the time.
a google user : now that i've passed level 19, i can leave a positive review... that 2x triple backflip goal nearly killed my enthusiasm for the game! but, it did improve my skill. this is a beautiful, mesmerizing game. it seems easy, yet remains challenging. the scoring and advancement are well structured, even for those that have not paid. you just wanna play -- either for points, or relaxing zen. i note that the buttons to restart or advance runs are not as responsive as they should be, on my moto x 2015.
jacob mueller : the game is really beautiful to play and the replayability is very high. it's frustrating sometimes to play the game at night because it looks so good during the daytime i feel like when i play for an extended period of time mainly i'm playing an almost completely dark game.
dian atamyanov : the artwork, the music, the seamless gameplay, it all flows so well. this game is a rare gem. i wrote that when the game first came out. it's even more true now with all the polish. zen mode is absolutely perfect for those of us that want to unwind while playing.
dan strike : snowboarding is a good way to make an endless runner, but ski safari and ski safari 2 already did it 10 times better than this. way better play (tricks, photos, riding animals, recoveries, rockets, hard mode, and basically a funner, hilarious core game), better visuals, so much better character, funner music. if you're interested in alto get ski safari 2 - it's also free. that game will make you laugh and actually have fun. alto is ok, but i really don't see a reason to play it when ski safari exists.
connor staffen : the art in this game is fantastic, the whole thing looks superb. i like the new take on the running game. however, there are some glaring issues with the level generation. certain situations are manufactured to make you crash to encourage ad views. rocks should not be placed behind foreground scenery. also seeing a few fake 5 star reviews. kinda fishy. shame for such a pretty and minimalistic game.
n.c bal : this is the most beautiful game . even the musical background seems so delightful ... you guys rock and on to the other hand this game is too damn flawless.. hoi.. just one thing add some more soothing sound asleep melody.. again... whoever made this game, you guys are awesome man
rhada m. : i don't ever rate apps, but this app has really caught me. the graphics are great, the music is awesome too, the gameplay is simple yet addictive and relaxing at the same time. plus there is a zen mode to sink yourself with the music and the mountain. i love it, i recommended it to my friends. probably the downpart i noticed is that sometimes the sponsored videos are unavailable so i have to start the game over again. but it's really an issue. generally, this app is worth downloading. <3
everett hamilton : my coworker and i got so competitive with this game, we would find empty rooms at work and sit down for an hour playing. this is a guy who works so hard he frequently skips lunch. after beating this game we tried hard to find another game to battle with but haven't found any with the playability that let's you binge like alto.
hugh nelson : i really like this game. the controls are simple and the concept is very easy to grasp. the variations keep it interesting and it's a challenge to get through the different levels. there's only one thing that annoys me: i assume that this is set in south america (the clothing and llamas being a hint). if this is the case, why is the sun travelling from west to east across the sky? if you're in the southern hemisphere, you look north to the sun, and it travels from right to left, not left to right. otherwise, very enjoyable.
ryan konesky : this game has a spectacular level design which is absolutely incredible and carries out a unique atmosphere. this is one amazing looking mobile game i must say. the gameplay seems although quite repetitive and mostly includes simply jumping and that's about it. the game mechanics are repetitive. i though this game would never come to android so thanks devs for porting this to android after your ios timed exclusive contract was up. and also thanks for not charging me $5 like the expensive ios platform.
a google user : this game is a masterpiece that is a perfect blend of art, and fun. first, this game is goddamn beautiful! the environment's artwork is stunning, and the music is some of the best and most atmospheric i've ever heard! second, the gameplay is fun and fluent and makes you pay attention to your surroundings. and zen mode, it just compliments the atmosphere even more. when i played it, i immediately fell in love with the game! overall, my favorite mobile game of all time.
aaron ahles : one of my top 5 mobile games of all time. gameplay is a snap, the challenges are just the right amount of fun and frustrating (lol) -- but more importantly for this game, it's nearly aesthetically flawless. the visuals, while not graphically complex, are stunning: there's nothing like seeing the first sunburst at morning when you're doing a triple backflip down a huge slope. the ambient sounds as well as the music are first rate as well. you will definitely want to follow their suggestion and use headphones in zen mode.
richard sosa : whenever i get stressed, sad, anxiety, or when i start to panic this game calms me down so well and i thank you guys for putting so much effort into it... the game itself is beautiful and whenever i have my bad days this game is the highlight of those bad days... thank you so much... you are amazing. you probably won't read this but this game just means a lot to me...
note : absolutely love this game ,i can't put it down, game play is simple ,music is amazing, no.ads popping up other than the fact you can watch a video or use tokens to continue your run. love it ! i get pretty far most times and am.a.level 47 ,just don't want the game to.end when i get that last character! thanks for the most addictive game !
lauren amada : over the years, i've played many games and they were all fun and thrilling, but this one's different. for one, time passes meaning it can go from night to day and day to night. i also love that there are so many obstacles including the mountain elders who are really hard to escape (once you do, you'll feel accomplished). of course, my favorite thing has to be zen mode. i've been very stressed and when i played it, i felt relaxed for the first time in a long time (i almost cried). basically, get this game.
andrei p : pros: great graphics, awesome sounds. cons: it's too short. i finished all goals and there is no reason to play any longer. i dont appreciate the game asking me to watch an ad to revive alto, but after the ad ends, no revive occurs. happened on way more than one occasion. when you pick up the horn, if you have a high speed, the screen gets covered by lamas, the camera zooms out until they are placed on the map. sometimes, if you watch an ad to revive, after falling into a chasm, the game revives alto at the bottom of the chasm and you're just stuck there.
disha saha : i never thought a game could make such a beautiful difference in my life
until i downloaded this. it's almost spiritual-----calming you down as well
as exhilarating you at the same time. the snow clad mountains, soothing
music, the beautiful llamas together make it the best app on my phone.
shona o'neill : this game is a must have, it is amazing, one of my favourite apps so far.......and that is saying something considering i love my games, my guilty pleasure (game apps). i would recommend this stunningly beautiful, and yet soothingly calming (at times) game to anyone and everyone. it truly is at the top of my games list. also for everyone whinging about how it doesn't work well for your nexus, get a better phone, it's not rocket science, everyone knows they are rubbish!
aidan daly : this game just makes me happy. the music is just fantastic, in combination with the brilliant scenery it gives me a somewhat euphoric feeling. and you might think - its just another mobile game. but in this case its had so much thought put into it, and it really shows. fantastic way to implement ads - they're not shoved in your face! instead you've given us an option to watch ads so we can carry on twice if we accidentally dont jump over that rock, and in doing so we support you! so a win - win situation :)
tyler fontenot : beautiful game, amazing some gameplay, all around am amazing phone game. what i hate are there some sections it is nearly impossible to get through (you need practice and perfect timing) to get through without watching an ad to continue. i have played before and skipping ads just starting game over every 1-2 minutes into the game i hit one of these. when i watch ads a lot not nearly as often. worst part forcing ads in you.
daniel ciocilteu : i love the art style, the music and the day/night cycle. i love the zen mode! i really dont like the hover powerup. it makes you miss coins, miss combos and gets you killed in an elder chase. it should speed you up, not slow you down. with maya it is impossible to clear a large chasm without a speed boost. this is a design flaw. any character should clear any obstacle at regular speed. i would have loved to activate the magnet power manually. thank you for making this game!
stephen fox : works perfect 9 times out of 10, but occasionally it glitches where the person flips by themself, and also occasionally has visual glitches where the display spirals quickly just for a second or so. galaxy s7. addicted to this game however, go to have 1 go then 20 goes later im still on it
nideesh k.a : don't know how much hours i spend for this... it's really a time killer and uff that music makes a real effect and greatest graphics.. good work to the team.. we all need such kind of games.. no unusual ads in app purchases.. really hats off developers. thanks for present us such a lovely game
andrew fitch : i knew within a few seconds of opening this app that i had found something special. truly a work of art and more than just a game, it's an experience! the music, atmosphere, weather effects, day/night cycle. try this game! and my mind was blown when i found zen mode, because it's exactly what i wanted. huge thanks to the developers! amazing way to relax and in all honestly it can get me a little emotional it's so beautiful
daniel smith : this game is a work of art. the visuals are beautiful, the soundtrack is beautiful, watching the sun shine through the trees as you whizz through a forest at dawn is fantastic. this is the quality i expect in mobile games. the creators of this game should be proud. i also really appreciate zen mode, which helps with my stress and anxiety.
dave wilson : a single control makes it suitable for everyone, but choosing the right character for the current challenges is key. nice that it doesn't hassle you to buy extras, and that you dint need to do so to complete the challenges either. can't recommend enough
caelan hill : i have played this game for almost a month now and have loved every single moment. thanks for creating such a masterpiece. note: sometimes the llama horn makes the screen flip/go crazy for a few frames, it has caused a few unwanted deaths.
kevin matlock : a gorgeous, atmospheric game which is easy to pick up and hard to put down. lots of challenges and a stress-free zen mode should make everyone happy. definitely one of my favorite android games.
max guenther : not only is the gameplay fun, but the goals are just the right difficulty, the artwork is amazing, and the calm music is the cherry on top of the cake. it just makes it a great way to pass time, and the app doesn't even take up much space, and the battery drain is minimal. the story is unique, and the introduction of new characters throughout the level gains makes it so that you can look forward to completing goals. great job, noodlecake!
wil gomez : enjoyable "pass-the-time" game. nice gameplay, art and mechanics (for the most part; tilting forward/front flips would make it better). however, the game is riddled with intermittent bugs that are very frustrating. crashes google play services everytime, sound over bluetooth while playing music is messed up, occasionally lags on touch inputs. would rate 4-5 if it bugs were fixed.
mike mudrow : i really enjoy this game. the graphics are beautiful and the concept feels original. even the in-game advertising is handled very tastefully. i have tons of fun playing this game. it is definitely one if the coolest endless runners out there.
ellen g : i used to love, looove the game but now it's getting quite annoying. screen becomes unresponsive on both phone and tablet, have to restart devices and shortly afterwards same problem occurs. please fix the problem, really don't want to uninstall.
chronical varsity : beautiful. snowboarding across brilliant tranquil scenery through an endless mountain of adventure, through day and night, whilst saving llamas and doing back flips. beautiful music and just stunning graphics, such a simple game but so beautiful. i want to write more, but for now i just want my review in to support the devs. they really deserve it. the music is so beautiful, i swear i'm going to make a piano cover on it. zen mode is especially awesome, will play before/while in bed. so beautiful....
micah schaefer : let me start by saying that i love this game, because i really do! unfortunately, certain graphics don't show up, for instance, the ramps and signs. i don't know why this is, but it's annoying as it took me forever to pass the sectin that helps you start because i couldn't see the ramp. i hope that this gets fixed because i really wnt to rate this game 5 stars, i really do! if it helps any, i play this game on a nook hd+.
hairy palms : lay down in a quiet spot and let the music wipe away any frustrations. it's weird how the music is so calming, you just don't get cranky at the game. only bad points are it's hard to clear chasms cos the characters don't jump high enough and long enough, they don't backspin fast enough, sometimes the camera moves so far away i can't see to position them for safe landings and its often hard to see rocks while llama stampedes happen.
5a8r3 : very well made and fair. not begging for your money. thought it was a little boring till i realised there were other chars to unlock. now i have 4th boarder this game has really opened up. good to see there are at a few devs who care about their audience
adam bede : alto's adventure is a great casual game for when you're bored. no forced ads and definitely not a "money grab", the game delivers a relaxing snowboarding platformer. and though it looks simple, the gameplay is enjoyable, and will keep you busy for a while. ;)
vesna song : at first the game is very boring. but once i start unlocking things, the game is pretty fun. best thing about the game is that it have an ending and i can just free roam after i beat all the missions. pretty cool since most game now don't have any ending. also very relaxing game.
sebastian vetterlein : beautiful design, smooth, great soundtrack, day and night mode. also haven't encountered a single iap yet, the "watch video" button is unobtrusive, and there's so few (no) ads i totally forgot to mention their non-presence until i saw it in another review.
samwise gamgee : this game is very visually dynamic. the graphics are lush and pretty and the weather patterns and day/night cycles in the background are gorgeous to look at. the game loses a star for game mechanics though, as it can be frustrating to control alto at times. also, texts and obstacles are sometimes hard to see when the background is in the nighttime scene, as they all kind of blend in. maybe use a contrasting color for the text? otherwise this is a lovely game to try.
tristen unrau : i've been playing this since it was first released for ios, and am very happy it's available for android now that i've made the switch. alto's adventure is one of only two mobile games i ever play, and it never gets old. it runs a wee bit slow on my galaxy j3 6, but still playable. i bought the golden scarf to support the devs. thank you for the many hours of joyful gaming <3
liam skidmore : i love this game; the gameplay is solid, the music is great, and it's generally beautiful, but after the last update for this game on my tablet, there seems to be a graphics glitch. all of the foreground elements like the trees, rocks and ramps don't show up as their normal solid black, they're just kind of gone, like a cutout or something. it's too bad because i really enjoy playing this game, but it's really hard and frustrating to play when you can't see the rocks in the way.
tmd sir : the 2nd character (maya) is the best- ive used her all the way to leve 43. her quick backflips make the difference between a 17,000m run, and having to watch an ad to revive. the 3rd character keeps his speed longer, the 4th character has fire special effects, and the 5th character is a llama that can double jump. all i know is the 6th charcter is an elder himself, and better be op. this game kicks ass
jacob stewsir : it's the little touches that make a good app great, and alto's adventure has everything you could want in a free app. no pop-up ads, smooth, authentic feeling gameplay, and a relaxed yet exciting fun factor all make alto's adventure one of the best apps out there.
enigma : amazing game,its peaceful somewhat and i bet this could be used for therapy,... i just wish the alto and other characters as well had ragdoll like effects, it would be nice for it to be dramatic or have some form of animation when he crashes and gets up (geez, it would be awesome if he walks to get his snowboard)..just a little animation would be great. but this game is just at another level. zen mode is awesome, would be awesomer if we could customize the settings (rocks suck in zen mode)
sarah huntley : i rarely ever leave reviews on apps because they are typically uninstalled within the first week. i have had alto for months and it never ceases to amaze me. i deal with extreme stress and depression at times, and playing this game helps me settle my thoughts and emotions. with the new addition of zen mode (which i just tried today) i could safely say i have never played a more relaxing and stress free game in my life. i'm almost emotional by how calm and collected i felt by playing this game.
gabrieldrosa : high score game it's an attractive, addictive and good looking experience. nice sounds beautiful world indeed. for me personally it feels empty after a while, like something is missing but, i think everyone should at least try it once.
manik raj sunarya : the moment i discovered #altosadventure, i knew what great ui i am seeing to. so serene, so tranquil. whenever you feel low, just slide through breathtaking slopes on your board & let the magic take you to state of trance. soundtrack, effects, day-night rolling, colors, wow. this is more than a game, believe me ! #loveit
fuckles the enchilada : i love this game! the gameplay is addicting, the music and sound effects are on point, and nothing feels unfair. however, i only gave this game a 4/5 because of one major issue i have: how come you can't listen to your own audio, (like say podcasts or music or whatever) and play your game on the same device? i used to be able to do it but after what might've been the last update i can't. please consider fixing this as i love your game and i and probably many others (maybe) would like this feature to come back.
judge menthol : cool game, quite entertaining. however, its next to impossible to play when it turns to night in the game because you can't see what's happening. also, it's annoying when you get far in the game just to hit a stupid rock and die. then you have to start from the beginning again.
joseph listing : the wing suit is the best for ridiculous combos, i love daisy-chaining loops and flips. it took a while to beat the last few goals, and i did skip a few at one point, overall a great game.
elizabeth bein : not only did i find this game very addicting but i also found it extremely relaxing. the music is beautiful in game and if you play the zen mode it becomes even more beautiful. this game helps me relax and i can play it for hours, and actually have, on end.
sushant bhat : the music and scenery this game takes us through is just wonderful.. can't stop playing it.. the jumps and running speed could have been better.. also the night time setting is innovative but nothing is truly visible.. make the objects, surroundings and characters visible keeping the same night time setting then it would be even better to play.. other than that this game is one of the best i have ever played.. keep it up devs.. you have made an almost perfect game.. update: "watch a video" not working.
matthew utley : i've been playing this game for a little while. i play in my free time. my 6-year-old son also gets a kick out of it and it's easy for him to play, too. the graphics are quite polished, the game play and controls are simple to grasp. my only "complaint" is that it can get boring and repetitive after a while. but i'll definitely continue playing.
aneeshan sain : the music.. the scenery.. its a soothing experience.. i never write a review.. but this game kinda forced me to write one.. the most interesting feature is the 'zen' part that lets you keep the competitive spirit at bay and just flow down the snow in rain, or soft sunshine without any worries.. loved it.
varshitha katti : game is really good, amazing music and scenery. i just have one suggestion i.e. if we could control the back flip landing by either tilting the phone or by touching somewhere on the screen it would be easier to avoid losing a life. this will be helpful mostly when a level requires you to achieve more than 25 back flips in order to move to the next level.
damon muller : nice game, but has bugs. after playing a while, tapping doesn't make alto jump, though other buttons continue to work. sometimes. the end run button takes quite a few taps before it registers. kinda sad, as this is otherwise a fun game.
ga31 gamer : if i you, you should download this game. there are many reasons of why to, but the one i would say is that it is the most unique game ever. the only other game that i could relate to this game is another called "crowman and wolfboy." come to think of it. they both have outstanding graphics, unique gameplay, and different game controls. that is all i have to say.
d3rp d4mag3 : wonderful game. i had this quite a long time ago and thought i'd leave a
review. this is one of those apps that becomes a staple of mobile gaming.
it has a challenge mode, relax mode where you can't die, and has
collectable llamas... you'll find out... anyway i loved it and the control
scheme is basically tap to jump, hold to flip. simple and clean, just how i
like controls to be. fun, relaxing, challenging, and addictive. the premise
of the game is that alto's llamas escaped and you have to snowboard after
them dodging all sorts of obstacles like rocks and pits.
cj terrence umekwe : i can't say how much i love it, the zen mode is just so serene and does take you on an adventure. considering the fact i listen to ambient mellow music, really magical. if more songs could be added, it'll be more than amazing. job well done.
alexis georgi : after a while we become the player gliding through the snowy mountains.. i have played many games, but none of them gave this feel ! dont forget to use headset while playing. no violence or competition. its so calm & relaxing. most of the time i'm smiling while playing this game ! :) its the first game i smiled when i crashed ! zen mode is so good, should try before going to bed. sweeeeet...
a google user : bug: did have one bug when i fell into a pit. was on a long run, so watched a video to continue. game tried to drag alto to end of chasm, but then terrain disappeared and alto spazzed out in mid air forever. poor alto. irritation: truly great game. there should be a 3-5$ buyout option for no ads and three lives, hwvr. may stop playing soon if i have to watch one more annoying cash capitalist video to get a second chance. clashes with such a tranquil experience too. for shame :(
a google user : i love this game! super addictive and fun all packed into a simple but sweet game. however, i do have three suggestions for this game. one is to be able to upgrade alto's flip speed for a large amount of coins. second suggestion is to give players a small amount of coins for each challenge completed. third and final is to make the patrol horseman guys speed a fraction slower. without these small additions, the game is till one of a kind and crazy fun! definitely recommend!
talal arshad : i installed this game yesterday, i was literally shocked to see the simplicity and beauty of the game... but my photos are not saved in sdcard as i dont have it... i want to switch it to internal storage so my photos are saved, please tell me a way to overcome this situation... i have a tablet that is of alcatel one touch... thanks
a google user : i had this on my first 2 phones,my kindle fire,and in this phone and ive never even though about delelting thibg,this game is so amazing,worth any award it gets and im not kissing ass here,its worth any time devoted towards it,i loved it made my time
emily diehn : great visuals, great music, it's really fun to play! but there is one issue i've noticed: whenever i bounce, smash, or crash into a rock while the llama horn is active, there is a visual glitch that takes up the screen. it returns to normal pretty quickly, but it's still really annoying. please fix it!
delaney campana : i'd give all 5 stars, but i'm having a little issue. i absolutely love this game but every now and then i start a new run and i can't jump at all or pause, even if i restart the app and everything. i'm not sure if it's my phone or not but please look into this! thank you!
ian briody : few things need updating and that's all. it's a calming game so it's infuriating when little things go wrong such as; rock placement with faster characters and chasms that are too close to drops or too far away from anything to trick on to gain momentum from. also the requirements for levelling up sometimes ask for something that was never explained how to do, which you have to buy your way past with in game coins which is something i try to avoid because it's such fun to play.
mclovick : i really like this game, the only flaw is once you have caught 4 llamas, they suddenly shrink to the same size as you where as before you've caught 4, they are bigger, this i just don't understand. other than that the graphics are good and this is a brilliant way to pass some time.
panda tar : i don't often rate or write a review but i had to for this game. it is simply amazing! i love that there are no forced ads, no asking for ratings and no in app purchases you need to advance. huge ups for all that! now the game itself; absolutely gorgeous graphics, the gameplay is very smooth and satisfying. yes its a simple game, yet challenging enough to keep my interest in it. it's a perfect game for passing some time with. my only complaint is that at night the rocks can be difficult to spot. i love it!
michal petrucha : the game looks fabulous, has some good challenges, and keeps me addicted, but the overall impression is slightly tarnished by the bugs. sometimes, it just becomes impossible to jump -- i can still interact with the ui, but the game itself ignores taps. this usually goes away after a restart of the game, which is somewhat annoying because of the loading time. another bug is that at high speeds, i often slide right through power ups without picking them up. other than these two issues, though, this very nice.
kirill yegorov : this is the game that i'm never deleting from my device. still can't believe it's free since it's perfectly crafted and extremely fun to play. the smoothness of animation and physics really fascinates me, i used to play for hours and hours, but since i collected all the heroes the challenging part faded away. however i still play from time to time, it's the app to go when i need to clear my mind or think about something, or calm down, can't recommend enough. the creators are geniuses!
sean blouch : in a world of cookie cutter lazy apps, this one stands out. the most striking thing about it is the phenomenal art and sound design. simple but deep with changing backgrounds that feel like you're really on a journey through the country. can't recommend this enough!!!
micaela todd : love this game! beautiful artwork and great music. not normally my type of game but this one has been addicting. the only thing is it is very difficult to play outside/in the sun when it's nighttime in the game. even on full screen brightness it is very difficult to see incoming rocks on the rotating time of day and seasons in the game.
grace : this is my new favourite game!! seriously good. breath-taking music, incredible graphics and hypnotising scenery. the only thing that annoys me is sometimes there are too many rocks one after the other and it disrupts the flow of the game. i dont mind some rocks but just not loads one after the other. thank you for an amazing game!!!
joshua cliche : it needs more variation in music (which, for what there is, is good), envoronment (halfpipes or quarter pipes, anybody?) and there needs to be some variation in tricks. doing very slow rotations in the air isn't all that exciting. even if it's a couple simple grabs depending on finger swipes or position would make this so much more fun.
detective h2o : i have had this game since it came out on google play, and i cannot compare it to any other game on the google play store because that would just be unfair. that's how good this game is! i love it! when i look for new and interesting games on the play store, my expectations for them are they have to have levels of both fun and awesomeness that rivals or are on par with alto' s adventure (that hasn't happened yet). this is definitely the best game this app store has to offer and thank god that it's free.
chris uglow : everything about this game is well made: the artistic graphics, the relaxing music the smooth dynamics, the achievable but challenging goals. my only criticism is that it's night time more often than day time which makes it hard to avoid rocks.
naveen kaushik : this is by far the most awesome game (if you wanna call it a game) . for me, it's an experience, a path to ditch all the hassles and drown into the serenity of the landscape. music is soothing, controls are easy and characters are beautiful. wjat more can i expect. perfect to the core!
xpl0ding gamrguy : i love everything about this game. from the stunning art, to the relaxing soundtrack, and the amazingly calming zen mode, this game has it all. i highly reccomend it to anyone and everyone who can enjoy a great game that relieves stress and provides hours of fun. my only regret is that i didn't find this game sooner.
a ch : keeps crashing after purchasing the horn. almost everytime i hit one, or hit a rock after hitting one, the game will crash. if i'm doing really well and get combo after combo, half the time it will crash. which sucks since some objectives require you to get a certain amount of something (points, backflips, etc.) in a single run, but when it crashes it ruins that. otherwise, it's a fun and beautifully simple game. it's just those bugs that keep me from loving it.
charlize a. : this app is so surprisingly addictive! ever since i downloaded this app, i don't even want to stop playing ! the graphics are so perfect, the music and sound effects are so realistic! i highly recommend this app to whoever loves adventure this app is so relaxing and help get my stress away like gosh keep up the good work!
kannan gopalakrishnan : gaming is awesome with great sound and scenery but while playing game mobile screen lock is done automatically which should happen only when phone is idle. i think this is a bug. kindly look into this. mobile : samsung galaxy on nxt os: android 6.0.1
2goku2 : amazing. i'm loving the zen mode. but please solve immediately the error in photo mode: i shooted more photos during a run but then in the "gallery" of my phone i found just the last photo done : the last photo is overwritten on the previous ones :(((( thank you :)
logesh kumar : this game is cool. i want this game to have weapons (snow ball, glazier, winds, snowy stuffs etc) for example, like downhill domination, ps-2 game where we take weapons and gain trick points, check funrun 2 app too and also like ssxtricky, ps-2 game where there is normal race, trick challenge, there is 1 thing in that game where v put signature trick and fill tricky bar full then v will have infinite boost. i want you to add multiplayer mode next to zen mode to get more players in alto. i want more options.
kalin warren : this game is a work of art. it's relatively ad-free. there is usually one on the title screen that you can make go away so it's not obtrusive. once you're past that, you're not forced to watch abby ads, and that may be my favorite part....besides the simple, addictive gameplay.
nazmoon monowar alif : one of the most wonderful game i have ever played. but if you add some extra features then it would be excellent. like, sometimes full moon appear. and sometimes moon will not appear but more star will appears then other night. ext.
rolando quezada : please optimize performance for dell venue 8 7000. gameplay can be a bit choppy\laggy can tell drop frames. please update. i've tried with gpu hardware acceleration on and off and same thing.
j ramos : great art, graphics and music. although the game looks rad and all, the gameplay is a bit simple and the lighting is dark when it comes to certain aspects, making the gameplay a bit difficult (because you can't see the obstacles clearly). overall, it is a good game
simone gastaldon : edit: the "watch ad" options often don't work and i have to close the app to make it work again (and not always). please fix, thanks! --- the graphics, the sound effects and the music are amazing. but having to watch an ad every time in order not to lose a run when falling is too much. i get it, it's a free game, it's fair having to have ads, but i think it would be ok for you to give something like three attempts and then making the user watching an ad at the end of the last attempt. anyway, great game.
munkee boy : this game is awesome. i jacked my job so i can play it all day. it's better than my mrs. she's ok but this game makes her look shite. if this game could make sammiches i think i'd have met my soul mate.
a google user : i was hesitant about downloading this game but i'm super glad i did, it's exactly what i need after a hard day. the gameplay is simple yet still exciting, the music is calming and alto is basically too adorable to miss out on. and the llamas? enough said, get this app.
frank c : not so challenging you throw the phone away, not so easy it's pointless. excellent balance of flow gameplay and wonderful atmospheric sounds and music. zen mode is particularly wonderful. well done folks, you made a blinder!
ryan : entertaining, but very buggy. i noticed in later levels, there seems to be more choppiness in the gameplay, and delayed or undetected input. game is now unplayable.
bohdai citta : a perfect blend of fun and simple, the challenges are great, the controls are good and easy. more games should be as well designed as this
snappy science : i'm not one to write reviews but this game is one of the most visually stunning and atmospheric i have ever played. zen mode is particularly magical and super relaxing for an action game. the soundtrack, especially in zen mode is unbelievable. if you don't download this game, your life ain't complete. never deleting it.
lanre ayangbile : altos adventure is a fantastic single button game for mobile. great graphics, great score and great challenges. should keep gamers going for a while. wish list- more characters and challenges. maybe a sort of challenge course mode
cozy weather : this game is well made, contains little to no bugs, has fun levels and doesn't hound you with ads for being a free game or want you to buy everything. you can watch ads to revive yourself up to 2 times, but all of the ads are max 30 seconds so you can just set the phone down and take a break before it ends. this is what all free games should be like!
dilanka mohotti : the gameplay,the music... the sounds all are very soothing and love the new zen mode where you can play without any score or goals to complete but just snowboard as long as you want listening to the calming ambient music.and now no lagging after the last update which is great! suggestion : please make the rocks more visible at night time if you can....
abbadoo02 : this game is really fun, i love that there is some thrill when being chased by the llama rider! this game has its own unique art style, especially when it comes to landscapes. i could play this all day, this is by far the games i will most likely play when on the go!
pogla grate : a little more variety with the tricks would be nice, but i've damn near finished it nonetheless. i do find that registering taps on the menu screen can sometimes take a few tries
avery cooper : this is my goto chill game, but i have one complaint. if you're in zen mode for long enough, boulders become very abundant and becomes very annoying and you just constantly hit rocks and you can't do anything about it because theres too many.
tyler barnett : not a fan of night - it's impossible to play outside when the sun is out. i understand why night exists, it's just not a great implementation. the gameplay itself is fine. the scoring mechanics and challenges need work. (1) for the "jump over 15 chasms" challenge, i go over 2 chasms in close proximity, get trick points for 2 chasms, yet towards the goal i only get credit for 1. (2) backflip to rail kiss. the way this gets scored is backflip -> grind -> rail kiss. because the game recognizes the grind in addition to the rail kiss, the challenge is incomplete. (3) any challenge that is not directly controllable by the player needs to be removed. the challenge to see a shooting star - i went over 10,000 meters without seeing one, crashed, and then saw one within the first 500 meters of the next run. (4) it would be very nice to be able to move on to the next level after completing the 3 challenges without having to die first.
gyorgy raffay : after playing 4 mins i found it flat and my eyes squeezed. but the build quality is awesome.
mac&cheese : i would freaking give million stars for this , the music is so relaxing and i play this all the time, it's fun and one of the best games in this world . keep blasting
jake zaleski : this game is amazing. it's very relaxing, and the music/sound effects go with it nicely. zen mode is an excellent idea, and also a lot of fun. i would definitely recommend this, and i hope you get it!
james henderson : no ads, no hidden costs, just a great fun well made game. no faults at all. it is clear the person that designed this knows what they doing. can't wait for alto 2
jonathan senn : very good game with very few flaws. i enjoyed it quite a lot. my only complaint would be that there's no way to keep my progress on another device, as i lost my phone and don't want to play through all the levels to get to where i was.
matt guynn : has become my peace whenever i am stressed or overthinking. zen mode is the best thing this game could have done.
roshan patel : very laid back game, easy to play and just the right difficulty to make it enjoyable. the visual style and sounds complement the style of game perfectly. great game.
sgt swagg : i can't sign in to google play when it is fixe it will get three stars ps add more buyable stuff for real and in game money.
kassed : i love the app, it's very polished and beautiful, a joy to play. the game mechanics are simple but addictive. the sound design is amazing, very immersive and relaxing. the ads in the game are very unobtrusive and minimal so that it doesn't mar the gorgeous design. i highly recommend downloading this game.
nick mletzko : very peaceful game. smooth, great scenery and its relaxing to play. it also sounds nice in headphones. reminds me of the moon chaser game but this is actually less stressful. noticed occasionally the screen becomes unresponsive and you end up crashing because of it.
bao : alone, this game is stunningly beautiful and immersive. however, zen mode makes this game even greater with its great, relaxing soundtrack and simple gameplay. great stress reliever.
eldis skenderagic : an otherwise brilliantly designed game, with beautiful graphics and addictive gameplay, is absolutely ruined by this monstruous "watch video" in-game advance system. this monstrosity of a "reward" system should be banned from games altogether, because it is making any in-game advance absolutely worthless and meaningless, as well as google play achievements and leaderboards. one can sit through all day, watching ads, and being rewarded, while you creep your way through the game the hard and the only normal way, with your skills. which should be point of any game, right? i don't remember this "watch video" monstrosity being present on ios version of this game, which is a shame for this android version.
organized chaos : what to say about this beautiful and comforting game with limited words... it's very well designed and the gameplay is very well made and smart. the art is breathtaking and simple! if you are having a bad day and feel tense, i recommend you this beautiful game! 5/5
a google user : the graphics are amazing and change as you snowboard day and night, through sunshine, rain and yes, also snow. the goals keep you challenged, yet sometimes frustrated (but love that you can choose to skip them when you're about to throw your phone against the wall). had some issues of sudden crashes of the game and sometimes the game would run so jagged that i had to restart the application.
karan mehta : words cannot describe such critical thinking. salute to the creator! the choice of music is incredibly amazing. there is no other game that can make your mind feel the peace. overall i would give it a rating of 100/100 :)
angelm3296 : the music is calming and something i want to use to go to sleep at night. the scenery and graphics are just absolutely beautiful. this is such a good game and a great time killer like if you were in a waiting room or you are just bored.
abhra mandal : it is a good game if you want to fall asleep in the zen mode... however .. it would had been better if there were more music tracks instread of only one repeated ..
karoly deak : very nice game. altough sometimes the watch an ad to continue function shows me the ad but the game won't continue. it would be nice not to watch ads for nothing.
kristin johnson : now something is not compatible with my google play services since last update. it crashes it constantly rendering the game unplayable. i emailed the dev team with no reply. gave it awhile to see if it gets fixed. nothing. too bad, was a fun game.
richard bunten : playing last night and battery died, and after i charge phone up and signed in to google play i was back at level 1 when i should be on 24.
scott speers : this game doesn't try to be outstanding, which is what makes it outstanding. the simple story is clean and complete, the user interface is seamlessly integrated into mobile. the visuals are unique and stunning, the physics are good but could be improved.
bhuvnesh mahajan : zen mode is excellent, with no game score , game over and relaxing music & mountainous scenery , it's a good game to relax after giving exams, ...etc.
juliet lyall : brilliant game. could do with a little more to it though, such as a way to unlock alternative outfits or upgrade abilities, otherwise once you've completed all objectives it ceases to be fun.
suraj narang : iam speechless... really, it feels so good when you are playing it alongwith the music (turning on dolby atmos)... game has been crafted beautifully, and it doesnt takes too much time to progress further into the game... thanks to the team of dev for such a wonderful creation...
chris geer : this game is so damn immersive that when i play late at night and the game decides it's time for a thunder storm, i think a flash storm is hitting...probably because i am really tired, anyway great game would recommend to anyone who wants a game that will suck you into a private universe for a bit!!
chris viljoen : this is the most beautiful and calming game you can possibly download. great for if you just want to kill some time. simply put.... you have to try it before you'll realise just how perfect this game really is.
k neela : please developers check with the game, it is lagging in my phone. it gets stuck in between while playing too. making me loose interest.
sydney moore : from amazing graphics, admirable characters and splendid music i can see why there is so much praise.
jonny vaughan : however 'watch a video' is no longer working, and it's frustrating that the game registers my tap to replay after falling (i hear a click) but frequently requires a second tap to actually restart.
mark alexandre : the games looks amazing from the menu screen to gameplay. objectives and characters keep the game feeling fresh and makes you come back. i don't see any flaw in this game at all. they don't even force ads on you! good job noodle cake.
slot one : great game to just play. tutorial is well explained and this game gives a good difficulty for you. zen mode is really good to play to learn the game and it's all around fun. 5 stars.
enes k : don't expect me to keep playing when you insist to keep him falling good thing i didn't pay for it as in ios
anonymous : amazing beautiful concept. keeps me challenged and entertained with its beautiful graphics. however i recently noticed that sometimes when i boost while landing on a ramp the game just tells me that i've failed. please look into this.
abi george : i really like the game but when you use the llama horn and you get close to the herd you summoned the game freaks out it flips and turns really quick and you can't see where you're at or what's in your way i hope this gets fixed and then i'll give it 5 stars please and thank you.
supreeth p gowda : this game is awesome but needs to improve the motion with real gravitational effects. the graphic is good as it is a low end graphic game . we can say this as best low end game if some improvements are done.
adarsh ishwar hegde : this game is truly a work of art. i am enjoying every feel and aspect put into making this, the feel of the environment and the mesmerising art is truly great.
tomblob0702 : having read such rave reviews i was so disappointed. not sure who ripped off who but ski safari and ski safari 2 are just so much better. the menu buttons are also very unresponsive and irritating
aaron binder : easily the most beautiful and elegant side scroller i've ever played. scales well level wise and rarely feels too easy or difficult.
jamie bainbridge : a nice single-tap platformer like jetpack joyride. is quite good for a while, but the other characters are essentially pointless as one is way better for most runs, and the "challenges" change from things requiring skill to just playing the game long enough to wind up in their unlikely situations. gave up on level 45 so it's not like i didn't give it a good go. a fun distraction but didn't last.
cynthia read : a very peaceful yet fun game. another reviewer called it non-toxic; i might go so far as to say detoxifying (to the extent that anything on an electronic device could be so).
daniel naron : excellent gameplay and with the inspiring music, just makes it a lot more closer to perfection wishing that the music was downloadable so i can carry it anywhere.
theunluckyvj : loved everything in the game .. the sound effects especially and the fact that the time changes .. it's superb i enjoy it thoroughly
a google user : it's an amazing game. the graphics, the detail with which the day and night are depicted the music.the effort by the developers is praiseworthy. the levels are tricky but do able, leaves you to come back and back again,keeps you hooked. great game thank you
hatebagel : definitely the nicest looking mobile game in the app store, and has really relaxing music. but hard to play in the car when the game is at night time.
a google user : buttons generally require two or more presses to activate. seems that most gameplay is at night, with very brief spells of dawn, day and dusk. but 90% night. which gets pretty tiresome, because it's the least visually interesting.
shishir kumar banerjee : awesome game guyz, a must have game. zen mode in the game is the best one, just put on the head phones or plug in to home theatre system and then just get lost in the music, sound effects and all.. thanks dev team..
parameswaran s : i just switched the device i was playing and all the acivements are there on google play but none of the items i brought or achievement completed are not in game.
jason john : if i had a morphine drip i think i'd pull it out after playing this... such a simple game but very deep and eclectic at the same time
avi aryan : everything is exactly same as ski safari , backflips jumps rules everything. and ski safari is a lot more better game then this .
sarthak sharma : game is too good and relaxing. but were is the option to choose snow boards. make more challenges. make more obstacles. more animals. and make good than ever before. otherwise the game is awesome.
harrison mayfield : totally beautiful landscapes. simple to pick up and play. challenging without being frustrating. a pure joy to play for minutes or for hours
conor : i had the fortune of my cousin introducing me to this game, about 5 months ago. since then i've played it every day and have even recently reset stats (after reaching level 60) to enjoy the game again. thanks!
zariyan mansoor : i used to like the game when it first came out. now its very boring. i've gotten everything in the game and there's nothing else to do, add an update.
ryan shatford : definitely a great way to burn a few minutes here and there. the most glaring issue that i have right now is the inability to use my bluetooth headphones. the sound is... woobly. otherwise, super fun
vincent ramaglia : this game is beautiful in both the graphics and music. it reminds of journey and yet now here i feel like we have a mobile version. this game is stunning.
ella passey : it's a challenge but also can be relaxing. i never get tired of playing it.
the robot : i myself am up to the final character and 2 levels off of the first star, and curious to what it means. it's very hard to get those two levels though, not because of complexity, but because of glitches. now, of course, it's very hard to, as you can't really communicate with the devs very easily. but still, these glitches aren't very hard to replicate, with constant lag spikes at no reason, and positioning glitches, camera glitches, just stupid stuff that should've been fixed by now. hope this gets fixed <3
karasu : there was a bug that happened when i collect a horn and smash a rock, my screen kinda spazzes out for a second and goes back to normal.
vikram das : truly a work of art. never seen a game before with such aesthetic value. music could not have been better. keep up the good work guys.
a google user : game isn't too pushy on ads, but doesn't have a lot of gameplay either once you master the characters. the only trick you can really do is backflips which is sorta a bummer.
rashaad reid : this game is amazing. the only change i would suggest is to show your best distance somewhere. i would like to know my best.
james o'keeffe : this game is the perfect stress reliever. relaxing music, pretty, calm visuals, challenging but not frustrating. no aggressive ads or even strong pushes for their in-app purchases. once i've beaten this, i may just buy something from the store to support the devs.
mikey awbrey : this game is what every other "free" game wishes it was. no begging, no ads unless you want a little boost, and no pushing micro transactions down your throat after every run. not to mention it is also a solidly fun game.
reggie st. clair : love the game! here's the bugs i've found: llama horn causes screen to freak out sometimes. playing too long, pausing, using revives, etc causes lag sometimes. also the menu buttons seem to be semi unresponsive, mostly the end game and watch a video buttons. besides that this game is awesome. pickaxes and helmets in this version would be dope. using a galaxy s6 edge.
ascotchegg : 1 tap games usually aren't very fun or graphically inspiring. however alto's adventure is beautiful and fun it has an art style which is unique but comfortable
milan shalimon : this never ending running game is the best running game i have ever seen. it offers a good graphics and a magnificent background music. and its never boring until ur phone battery is down to low.
mladen petronijevic : simple and relaxing game, clean and beautiful graphics that reflect satisfaction and peace of mind combined with the music that follows the same feeling. this game is perfect for those short pauses during the work day to help you fly away. i really enjoy it.
halimah akhtar : i have been searching all over the place for a game that i can call mine, a game i really love, for over 3 months, and i have finally found it. this game is relaxing and makes me feel like i really am the character. i love how you can skii forever with zen mode for free! this is my game and always will be.
debasish sarkar : just great time killer, just more tracks would be awesome. the sound in this game is just beautiful and pleasant to there ears. hope more of such would follow
a google user : it is the best ever game i played in my life. i have best experience for this game. even i never ever rated any other game. seriously you should play this game with full volume.
ronit sadhukhan : the sound of the nature, the music and the scenes are awesome. i get lost into it whenever i play.
ash : really polished and smooth to play, still don't see the point of catching llamas is though. either way amazing game
michael o : it's one of my favorite games and until recently worked well but suddenly on my nexus 6 the sound is choppy, it started after the last update and i hope it gets fixed :)
satyaranjan panigrahi : why dont you update some new things in it. i like this game but now a days its being bore for me.plzz add some updates some new thing to it. thanks.
adatrum : it's really cool so calm perfect game you can not bored by planning it do a long time really good
little boo : the rocks need more definition or size to make them easier to see for those of us who need some contrast. good game otherwise & beautiful .
mani honey : loved to play and its live one feeling relaxed playing this... u hav done ultimate job thnq u so much for the game
philip shearer : an exciting, fun game. but it's unplayable due to google play services constantly crashing on htc m8.
reuben : i haven't played games on my phone in ages because i was bored of them, but then i found alto and i'm addicted. very fun with good challenges and easy game play while still being exciting. you aren't forced to watch ads, and you could let your kids play too. my favorite game. a few little glitches like needing to tap the screen twice on menu options, etc, but harmless.
paul 03 : i don't know why but i'm getting triggered and annoyed to eerie scratches sound of the cable line when i jump to it. it is affecting my insanity. fix that and i will give 5 stars. uninstalled.
fraser lovie : love this app, takes practice but you learn as you play more, calming music and setting especially at dusk, love zen mode too
gabriel centino : please notice me game creator!!!!! its a very good game actually but. i think you should add physics to the characters, just like how you add physics to the scarf ( when character goes up, backflips, lands,etc.) but not to the point where it looks like a ragdoll, a little arms raising maybe? head movement when landing. 2nd. available tricks will be nicer. like unlockables. front flip. 360 turn, hand stand. those stuff. and like for that you get to cjabge the controls like swiping up or holding the screen. 3.) costumes!!! we would not love custumized costumes? and boards 4.) more scenery, simple like fireworks. or a fall season. well, it could be external files or whatver, the seasons in the game is in a loop, maybe add some different house, or maybe new things 5.) something more to an elder chase. maybe chasing a giant llama? that would be cool. or an avalanche escape! 6.) since its called adventure. maybe a story line would be nice? like conversations, mystery, mission, a good storyline. save someone. 7.) what happens after an the last character? 8.) new set song or customized songs well, been playing this for almost 2 years so yeah i hope you consider some of my suggestions!:)) thank you!
kyle zk : doesn't want me to rate all the time, no pop up adds, very addicting and challenging. my only issue is, is that paz can go so fast that he goes right through coins and power ups.
a google user : terrific music score. the game play is intuitive and draws you in. the zenith mode is perfect. 5 stars for this was an easy decision
bivek sharma : this game is best designed for fun relaxation no hurry laidback with awesome music, zen mode simply superb. keep it up guys waiting for more fun and new things in game
c. kvamme : great game for so long but why add ads now? i went back to play and suddenly faced popups everywhere and when i quit it redirected me to spam sites trying to install a 3rd party apk. no thanks, never trying again.
nate saunders : i've spent hours playing this game. zen mode is very relaxing. pause button is a bit unresponsive under my big fat fingers. love it.
venomaura : this game is how old? why am i just now discovering? i have been addicted to it for the past hour. hands down; the best endless run game i've played. i do not plan on uninstalling it. the graphics are simple, yet appealing. the music is nice, especially with headphones on. no complaints yet.
katie rose : the game is beautiful and fun, but every time you crash, you have to watch an ad to revive the character. the ads are obtrusive and interrupt the music of the game. this is the reason i will be uninstalling. additionally, upgrades cost money.
steve b : such a beautiful game. simplicity done to perfection. absolutely must be played with headphones. a real credit to the developers. can't stop playing it.
ray vitto : this game is magnificent and mesmerizing. perfect for empty hours and soothing minds...
cole mel's : this game is so fun to play, it's so addictive, and it always makes you want to keep playing. stunning graphics, great controls, amazing sound effects, and great, relaxing game play. the best free app ever
alex evanoff : great graphics, huge battery drain. also feathers make you hover over the llamas, which makes challenges like catching 3 llamas while hovering almost impossible
valerie saichek : wonderful, peaceful and challenging without death. no monsters, but lovely vistas to navigate with sound effects vastly convincing. absolutely my favorite goto game.
tony gutierrez : background music is calm and serene, with atmospheric sound effects that immerse you in the game's snowy mountains.
tanish adarkar : its sooo beautiful and calming. the art style is amazing. best music ever hands down best mobile experience ever . u wil regret not playing this
sabyasachi dasgupta : thank you so so much for this wonderful game... the zen mode is the only thing that makes me feel better on low days... please make it more aesthetic if possible.
kevin r. l. : this game is absolutely gorgeous, it has great graphics, great art style , great music, i just love it. i also love zen mode it is so relaxing i love the sound of the rain and the music. i love this game. and keep up the great work.
mj hundekar : refuses to recognize swipes to switch to zen mode. took me far toooooo many swipes to do it. and the controls are sticky in zen mode. it takes some time to recognize the tap and when it does it sticks and the character does into the flip animation and eventually falling. although the adventure mode is pretty awesome
anthony godde : smooth designs fluid controls and by far one of the most addicting games i've ever played. only thing i could recommend is adding some new characters.
shobhit : this is the best game i have ever played . its simple . the zen mode is the best.just a endless run .whenever i feel depressed i play this game especially the zen mode and then realte it to my life and then stand up again with a sense of winning. love ythis game !!
sid hicks : absolutely love to play this game on my freetime, great way to sit back, relax and have fun. i hope to see this game have new things added overtime, and expand its horizons!
rammay : i play this game since something like an year and i still like it. it relaxes me a lot, i especially like the zen mode. i just have a problem with the google play access: i did it and i completed the game, but uninstalled it and then had no savings, god i felt so bad about it
raian levy : great game overall. relaxing music, simple graphics and smooth and straightforward gameplay. spent multiple hours on zen mode btw
jj theredking : im not to keen on the normal mode but i absolutely love zen mode, its so calm and you can just relax. the art style is amazing and the music fits so well with the game. brilliant!
jaden kodack : i've recently been having problems where i jump and it's delayed or if i hold it in to back flip it keeps going after i let go. please fix this
joshua zamrycki : fun and addictive game with simple yet challenging mechanics. it took long enough to complete that i really felt satisfied when i made it to the end.
indranil majumder : extremely well made with visually pleasing graphics. you are bound to get lost in the beautiful gamely along with the serene music. one of the best games.
alexander warfare : the game started with a simple task: retrieve your lamas that are galloping down the mountain. after awhile, i started taking wild lamas that were just running down the slopes. but even that wasn't enough for me. my village friends had lamas! i wanted them all! i took their lamas while ruthlessly doing backflips and tearing down their flags for no reason other than i thought i looked cool doing it! after that i distupted sleeping elderly folks! sadly, my fun came to an end when i backflipped down a cliff.
cas eliens : i love the game. however, it crashed when purchasing the coin doubler so now i don't have it and google days i paid for it..
azhan naseer : loved it a lot. very cool concept. and the idea of having levels on the same place is just very unique.had a lot of fun. recommend it to everyone
aejaz ansari : its a great game. i loved its simple and smooth graphic with melodious music and beautiful days and nights
jackson alvey : the game overall is pretty good. very enjoyable. like others, i'm bothered by having to tap buttons multiple times for them to work. also, having to watch an ad every time i crash is obnoxious. i'd pay for an upgrade that eliminates advertisements.
dread beard : great snowboard side scroller, good game play and challenges! if i had one grumble its that the wing suit is a bit too hard to control for it to be much fun (imo) but otherwise a very addictive game. ;)
lina butler : i love this game so much. i don't get hooked on stuff but i'm definitely hooked on this game! it's a bit funny and creepy to see elder or llama jump off the cliff. not sure if it's a glitch or is it supposed to be like that...
dalton crew : this game for the simplicity of it is absolutely fantastic. i personally love games that are easy to use, beautifully made and well thought out as well as the music. 10/10 developers keep it up
teena blair : wonderful game! but the only issue i'm experiencing so far is with the wingsuit. i've tried to activate it so many times during play, but my player won't fly. could it be that i'm missing something? like maybe an icon appears on screen for a brief moment?
rishahd sims : there needs to be more maps and characters for this game, and outfit changes/upgrades ect. other than that it is outstanding!
omar sherif : i love the game, though there are a few glitches such as when you're going fast you cannot touch the red magnet as if you're invisible you walk right through it which is kinda disappointing, also it'd be great if you could change the intro music or better yet add even more soundtracks like the 2 in zen mode..fine tuning is desperately needed at this point..
kilikk : i love this game. i think zen mode will more enjoy with selected soundtrack from player, so they can choose the soundtrack for zen mode
hassan rafique : you can't imagine how addicting and enjoyable game it is. the graphics are really catchy :)
torbjrn martinsen : can't see anything when it is dark and i am outside and i have to stop playing or play to die until night ends. otherwise awesome game.
oscar mouland_ley : it's the best game i've played in years because all other games are just too complicated and are hard to follow
professor scot : zzzzzzz. yet another mario type game. at least the graphics are not cartoonish. hence some credit for the minimal originality that it possesses.
bradley leichtfuss : love the game, but it started to lag on my nexus 5x. annoying when playing for extended periods of time and when trying to accomplish the goals.
gee w : mind numbing lyrics boring. same speed movements equals total bullocks physical rotations equals boredom. nice to look at for 2mins tops. hash tag sigh, watffa.
gavin b : this is a great little game, it's simple and slick. not many games have been produced to this quality level.
clinton presiloski : seriously, with 'zen mode' you just get lost in this game. an hour will fly by and you're still contentedly gliding down the (world's highest, hahaha) slopes. quite possibly the most satisfying app out there!
t bruh : this game not only is incredibly artistic and stylized, but the atmosphere and sound design us superb. this makes alto's adventure a marvel of an experience; a relaxing and beautiful interactive piece of art :)
james paolo menguito : alto is really addicting. i started out seldom playing it but once i got really bored and progressed, i started playing it every chance i got. it does not try to overfulfill itself and retains it simplistic yet fun gameplay. i dont usually do reviews and ratings but alto needs it!
rory haresnape : you can get everything in the game free. you genuinely don't have to spend a dime because you can get insane amounts of coins through watching ads. i love these developers please support them.
ashish : amazing! i installed this game yesterday, the scenery and graphics quality along with the music is pretty nice. however, it's difficult to see objects in night, and controls can be better too.
erum durrani : i live in a hot region. i have never seen snow or snowfall. this game showed me the awesomeness of a sport i have never experienced!
deltanemesis : simple concept combined with breath taking artwork, alto's adventure is a beauty. competive, yet relaxing. the obstacles feels natural and everything in the game add something, visually or the other, to the incredible scenery. excellent work devs!!
jatin bajpai : it's more than just a game it's an experience. i have never ever felt so overwhelmed thank you a ton. the graphics, the background song everything is more than just excellence. thank you again.
aldo hu : i love it, though it's not really suit my taste. but this is good enough to start this year christmas :)
nathan snyder : fun. but lots of bugs. flip mode glitches. sometimes works sometimes doesn't. also after video restart , you just restart in the air and never come down. screen and player frozen in time.
matthew rowe : i really appreciate this game, for the many hours of relaxation, wonder, and excitement. there are not many games where i am so compelled to keep going forward, that i am not simply doing it to unlock the next character, but to simply snowboard down a mountain catching sweet air and glorious views. thank you
blu ranger : beautiful landscapes, amazing characters i could go on forever! no wonder this is one of the best 2016 game and editors choice. lovely music very relaxing and amazing game play. i have nothing bad to say...
impact digital : just the kind of thing i was searching for on the play store. everybody don't waste time and install it now. i promise you won't be regretting...
francisco melendez : i dont get hitched on a single game ever, but this game is so great it's my go-to game when i have time to kill. i love the graphics, the music. i especially love the zen mode. this game is so relaxing and enteetaining
dave nguyen : i have played this on my phone before and still have decent progress. sadly i can't find any way to transfer or load data to other devices...
bassed : very simple game with not a lot of content. but its relaxing and nice to play every now and then when you are waiting for something. could use more variation of bgm though.
kinaav areacode : great,nice music,good graphics but one bug noticed. some times the touch screen freezes about 5 to 10 seconds while playing the game. please fix this bug and add armv8 to next update.
carl broadway : everybody saying each characters got different abilities, u only get to have one guy, gayest music, stupid asf game boring if u ask me
kate 049 : i really like the relaxing mode when you slide to the right on home. it's so stress calm and there is nothing but you and the mountains. also the game itself is amazing. i really recommend it.
roxan amarante : a lot of game apps i installed in my lenovo a5000 but i keep on uninstalling it because it bugged all the time. so far, this the most satisfied game i've ever play.
a google user : i just loved the game. add some more emotions when alto falls off. some more improvement in the app would definitely make it the biggest hit in upcoming days.
rob nolten : on my pixel, if i don't touch the screen every now and then, the screen goes dark. the only solution is to touch the screen to let the phone now the screen isn't idle. which makes you jump. and crash.
drew blade : the ambient and mood it gives out is perfect, the design is perfect and the game mechanism is perfect. i cant get enough of this game. the zen mode is really something different and the missions you get while playing are great. highly recommended!
stephanie : when i die i click to watch a video to continue where i left off and it makes the noise that i clicked it but nothing happens and the time runs out and i lose my run. when i use the coins to continue it subtracts the amount and nothing happens. i lose coins and time runs out and my run ends. please fix this.
karandeep singh : just fell in love with the music and every background landscape actions as well .. its really a beautiful game
kind pimp : the gameplay is simple and addictive. what stands out are the aesthetics and soundtrack. easily the best free game you can get.
tobias kunz : one of the best mobile games i have ever played. the atmosphere, the design, its so simple, but so amazing. one criticism thats vital! add in the ability to frontflip as well as backflip. because, if you accidentally backflip a little bit, theres no way of rectifying it, so you are doomed to lose. just one fix, but a brilliant game. very, very well done.
a google user : both visuals and bgm are amazing. honestly. kudos especially to the guy who composed the music. now i feel like living on a mountainside
c m : that's the word first time i said while playing the game. i never said wow for any game i played in yrs. i was just lost in the music the mountains. the snow what can i say . its just relaxing awesome game.
endcryonix music : this is one of the best games on android. the controls are simple which makes it perfect for a mobile game. the graphics are minimalist but also beautiful. although it could be better if there are more modes.
amit bl : i have been a fan of stickman golf. i'm in immense bliss after playing this game. never thought a game could be so soothening and enticing. kudos to noodlecake studios..
bigpaul : love this game totally worth it u will play this for hours.... please make new challenges
h kirk : the game is great for when you have nothing to do and you want to have some fun. all you need to do is tap and sometimes hold and voila, you can play. perfect for some down-time as well
milli0 : this isn't a game, its a piece of art. it is the best mobile game i have played in a long time, the addition of zen mode is so relaxing. 10/10
richard yuen : deserves to be editors choice but game could use some polishing. biggest peeve for me is that the night cycle can be so dark the screen might as well be pure black and even the result screen at night is so dark you can barely read it.
owen drummond : very nice and chilled game. looks and sounds awesome. no need to spend to enjoy this game. runs very smoothly on my two year old phone, zero glitches, and really simple controls.
s kan : temple run like gameplay combined with graphics perfect for any mobile game. professional and it deserves 5 stars. and i dont give 5 star ratings often
gudgnj : this game isn't like the other games. no villan and the it has great calming music. five stars wish i could give more
eternity official : bad game not good to play, ski safari is way better than this. wasted my data by downloading this game. try something else than this
neil anderson : great game. lots of fun. big issue though. on many occasions, after watching an extra life video or starting a new game after dying, i can't jump. the screen does not respond. i have to close game completely and reopen.
tyler gomes : alright, i never leave game reviews. this game is beautiful. the soundtrack fits the game and graphics perfectly. easily my favorite and most played mobile game in the history of ever. oh yeah, and zen mode made it that much better. wow.
andre candido : one of the best mobile games i've ever played. the simple graphics, the smooth gameplay, the map. the only problem is that i could use a timer on the final score and there isn't one.
elvin george : awesome game, first of all. but i don't know why but it's frame rate drops really low, when aaa games like asphalt xtreme works really well without any frame drops. it sometimes drops really low, like 5 to 10 frames per second
living_dead_girl : this game is so cool if u want to see some beautiful sentry play this game . i've got to maya.
beth altair : wish the ads were for better games. i mean...i'm playing alto. i probably don't want to play neon coloured slot machine based on a candy crush clone.
j.r. duren : great game. plenty of characters but only two are useful. reaching the final level is anti-climactic.
vy h : great game. but too many adds for the free version if i want to retry after a crashing run
adam gardner : this is such a well designed game. the physics, visuals and most of all the music are fine tuned to perfection. have already lost hours on this. big congrats to the developers on this one!
jaren rivera : the music is amazing, the graphic style is the best i've ever seen for a mobile game! i could litterally play this over and over again, and for some reason it's always interesting.
cali exodus : this game has those kinds of graphics that make it look beautiful and everything in it also makes it awesome. imma do this again... snowboard down a mountain
nala sselwal : it all about sselwall guy,a average. guy he started fighting for mankind, i belong to god as we are look at a dog, even. a ant
abby obrien : i like the graphics and sound affects but i can't even get past the tutorials because of a low touch sensitivity so its nice but i wouldn't reccomend
nino sie : love the simple graphic and the soothing music! btw when you're in zen mode, you fell into the cliff then you tap to restart, it freezed. please fix it, thanks.
dkc : game is mindless fun. what is supposed to be a relaxing game is more frustrating. graphics issues and stuttering gameplay ruin the experience. the are several instances where tapping did not respond until 10 seconds later.
tessa shum : i love the graphics and the music to this game. the only issue i have is that if i don't press on anything for a while the screen times off because of the setting of the flow which interrupts the flow of the game
andres herrera : it would make more sense if the ramp kicker would continue trick combos since it can start them, and similarly it would be nice if ice slides could start and continue trick combos. also i noticed that if you land on the edge of the ramp the animation glitches and makes you land immediately but it's a really small issue since it doesn't cause me to fall off the board. other than that, i can't find a single flaw with this game. brilliantly designed, all the hard work that was put into it really shows
jamie walker : amazing game i love it i played for 30days strait no lie it's so amazing i swear it's the top game in the united states of america sooooooooooo buititful and great game #i love it
julian : i love everything about this game. its relaxing , perfect sounds and gameplay is very enjoyable . everything is also very polished. i like that in a game thank you.
eker wong : never play the game in ios so don't play like in full game, but when i try to play in android i feel like just other f2p game focus you watch a ads to continue to play the game
marco verhoef : the game is beautiful and addicting! it also plays very smooth. only bug i enountered in my 50+ hours of playing the game is sometimes when i smash a rock while on a boost, the game flips out. but other than that; 5 stars!
saurabh gupta : graphics are just so soothing and nice addictive gameplay.. would recommend it to anyone looking out for a great piece of art.
allyssa ruiters : wow just wow this game really surprised me, the sound and graphics are amazing, don't get me started on the zen mode. definitely recommend it to everyone.
paul alfaro : such a beautiful game overall, even when you crash if you look to the background it will almost always be pretty and amazing, if only i could find more games like this that were fun.
jerwin czr : i lost the feeling of being in a moment and i have never thought games will make me feel alive and happy. i recommend this playing with headset and in zen mode. i have never played a game like this before.
baked panda : there are very few games with which i'm obsessed with. this is one of them. i recommend you to download it. the gameplay is beautiful, phenomenal music and the whole experience is one that everybody will enjoy.
joshua howard : i am not usually into mobile games, but this one is my favorite, one that i will keep playing. it is really relaxing with the simple yet amazing visuals, simple gameplay, and great soundtrack. this is endless but the challenges provide, well, a good challenge, and goals.
jiya jiji : this game is just so beautiful i can't deceribe how amazing the animation is. just click that install button and see it 4 yourself if u haven't installed it yet.
kumar akarsh : this game is very heart touching because when i played its zen mode by wearing my headphones i thought i was apart if that moment when i was playing..and it's sceneries, music and the other things are awsome.........i love it
zengkoy : i love this game, the music, the soud fx, the gameplay. i have a suggestion, when you bought the wingsuit, you should have unlimited wingsuit in zen mode. and make the character a ragdoll when he crashed so he will roll downhill.
a freeman : best game of this type that i've played. great graphics, style, characters, and uniqueness. one problem i had was during night time, i find it very difficult to see obstacles with low brightness and i didn't want to have to increase my brightness just to see obstacles. also, when you revive in front of a chasm, you don't have enough speed to make it across so it's another automatic death after spending 1,500 coins. :)
the dustroyer : one of the best games for android, in my opinion. it could use some customizable character options or like character upgrades. stuff like that. otherwise still amazing.
joe wilmoth : fix the issues with the levels resetting. i'm sick of starting over all the time. so stupid.
karanvir singh : i love to play this game whenever i'm stressed or depressed. it's a great stress reliever.
alka sharma : more than a game it's a life story of a person who is doing so much sacrifices loved it try it plz
paul istoan : great game! but you should fix the "video not available" popup. that shouldn't appear while you are playing. also, sometimes after you watch a video, when it gets back in the game, nothing works anymore. you touch the screen and the game is not responding.
jacob harris : one thing though, i think that after you have completed all the goals there should be a prize like a character with twice the speed or jump.
mart w : i don't play many mobile games yet i have wasted away hour of my life on this game. just love it.
gunner verne : this game is pretty sick because u get 2 go on a. . . adventure. so i gunner will provide my talent to this beautiful game.
youssef hossam : i really love this game.. the zen mode is just gorgeous i was about to cry
abishek chandrabose : this is the closest any app can come to relieve a person from stress. zen mode was excellent and graphics add to the beauty of the game.
a g : gameplay and graphics are clear and outstanding but be prepared to charge your phone while playing. i own a lot of games and this is the only one that eats through my battery on my lg g3 in less than 30minutes. i don't know why
chace campbell : i didn't get this game for the longest time simply because, based off of the app icon, i thought it was just another 2d snowboarding game. i was so wrong. it's an amazing game and now one of my all time favorite mobile games!
a google user : i really love the game and the music and the art style (basically everything) and i'm really glad i downloaded it! i have one suggestion, though. could you make a level difficulty thing that players can select? i am kind of scared of the guy that chases you when you get to a certain point in the game and it really stresses me out (it's not funny!) i would really appreciate it!
carl bryant : great game. look at the reviews. @ dev it needs a daytime mode that makes obstacles luminous during the night cycle. make snow on surfaces and rocks fully white lit in moonlight, flags neon, rooftops red neon strips, maybe ? else its only really playable after real world dark sets in. maybe even a set up so that it changes the type of night map based on the light sensor? also be nice to see you all percent completes and skippable after every single run. not only every 5th or whatever.
amir sharara : one of the rare apps that got me hooked. chellenging goals and fun ones. i just finished all the 61 level :)
aya refaat : please help
arjun dev : this is an awesome mind chillin game, i mean it sometimes calms the greatest stress life gives ya, maybe coz its that ice filled rural mountains! i just cant think of a single bad point for this.
ryan cobden : the game is fun, but the game doesn't keep the screen awake. my display will timeout before i am required to jump.
saumil shah : the music of the game makes it the best. you can simply listen to the music in zen mode letting go all of your problems and just enjoying the scenic beauty with that melodius and soul touching music.
jyotirmoy mondal : whenever i collect a lama horn and come across a stone there is a major graphical glitch eveytime, which even makes alto fall. needs an update for this.
c sd : it's easy to play and challenging and fun all at the same time. it's also really pretty. i love it! but it's become a bit buggy recently...after i 'revive' a character a few times the screen starts sort of shaking and it slows down, so i can't play properly. please fix the bug!
dark moon : this game makes me yearn to nature, such a great experience, relaxing after a long hard day, very special and wonderful music, quality and graphic ...
tziona albrecht : brilliant game. artistry is beautiful and the music is entrancing. having to ctach llamas is both entertaining and amusing. though the elders are very hard to escape from, it's still a fantastic game.
choo chooo train : my game works normally usually, but now it won't allow me to jump. every time i tap the screen nothing happens and my characters ends up falling over rocks.
shashi srivastava : altos adventure is paid on ios but i was so happy that it is free on android . thank you very much to the devlopers
max r : my favorite game, both soothing and challenging. beautiful, but not quite easy. really pleasant experience.
a google user : i tried to get this app on my phone but whenever i go onto it it says game not responding as i click on it. if anyone knows the issue please tell me.
sayak roy : best of all the games i played yet.wonderfully amazing zen mode and photo mode . great sounds and music very soothing to ears.all in all best on google play .
dan hoyal : the option to revive by watching a video ad causes a reboot of the game. android htc a9. cool game otherwise.
shorandeep singh : but upgrade player speed and art.i love with this game .i m total addicted to it.the maker of this game please upgrade new things so love it more
jesse lawson : i like this game so far but the one annoying thing is i need to tap all the buttons multiple times before it's do what it's told while the button still registers that it was pushed otherwise great game
amir sultani : not that i needed i tell you one thing if you're looking for an adventure game don't waste your time here.
saurabh shukul : the pixel graphics are gorgeous and the day night cycle transitons in 2d pixel art are really innovative and breathtaking. gameplay is relaxing but gets a little repetitive imo, but still worth 5 stars.
aidan stoner : i really like this game but recently i have been unable to control my character. the game loads fine,but when i start to play i am unable to jump. please fix.
scott spinks : this game is a wonder to play. the challenges allow for a sense of progression, while also supplying a relaxing playing experience. easily my favourite mobile game.
saad mohsin : i changed my phone and upgraded to android 6 and lost all my progress. i was in level 35 and i had unlocked the wing suit. i had also upgraded it to 2500 coins and i had upgraded power ups to 2500 coins i had also collected around 2500 coins. pls fix this and i'll give you 5 stars
harvinder sembhi : extremely fun to play! love the simplicity of the game. great challenges, stunning environments, beautiful visuals and audio makes it a very soothing and relaxing gaming experience. would rate it higher if i could. keep up the great work!
william baird : since i've started playing this game i can't stop. just to get a break from it i've been trying to find other games like this made by noodlecake. awesome game. must be downloaded.
michael arnold : absolutely amazing. no adverts. great feeling game with wonderful music. very relaxing to play with loads of reasons to keep on playing.
mark campbell : enjoy playing it. needs more achievements since i maxed it out in a few days. daily/weekly achievements would be nice too.
a google user : takes you to whole new beyond world. redefines silence in divine beauty. zen mode is a master-piece
a google user : played once. got addicted. play as often as possible now great game i definitely recommend this game
chris pierce : it's fun until the game becomes unresponsive to your taps to make it jump. not sure why this happens. highly annoying
brian smith : simple to learn, with an excellent difficulty curve and just so damn satisfying. full marks.
krishna vamsi : i love this game.everything is perfect but characters could have been bigger.the guy with skate board is so little.
lilla le fur : best game. if your looking for a game where you collect llamas going down an infinite mountain with rockets straped to a snow board then this is the game for you
luke schmidt : extremely unique and relaxing atmosphere. smooth. plays offline. gentle on your battery. it's an endless runner but it doesn't feel hectic and nerve-racking like most other games in the genre do.
joao paulo caron : excellent game, beautiful visuals and awesome soundtrack. however for me i find that the taps are not being registered properly while in the menus. sometimes i have to tap 4, 5 times in sequence just to select a menu.
ha nguyen : really love this game, especially mode zen. music and scenery make me want to skate forever in the forest
mrjizac : do not get this game on the pixel. at this moment in time the audio sound extremely choppy and skips constantly. dev should probably update it. one star for now. update! still hasn't updated the game! the audio is garbage on this game. one star for the developer. don't waste your time with this game.
deepak matham : it's more about the look and the feel of the game. can't think of another game that is this peaceful.
ryan b : great endless runner game that isn't overloaded with unlockables and other crap. just challenge based levels to unlock new characters.
a google user : this game is very relaxing and relieves some anxiety i'm in love with it this is the only app i've ever rated and left a comment it's that good
phuong anh ngo : good game at first but after about 20 levels i'd bought all the stuff and it started to get very boring ever since because there was no longer need to collect coins anymore.
gareth branigan : i like the game but like most modern games it just wants you to make i'm game purchases or watch videos over and over just to progress. i hate these ethics. i'd rather just pay outright for a game.
joshua gibson : it's surprisingly addicting. i usually don't rate games, but this game just deserves it it's so good.
pushkar bhardwaj : on the gaming front, the game's cool, no doubt. however i've got a couple of issues with the development. the game drains too much battery. besides, there's a heating problem while playing this game. my device is fine with a 2gb ram so the game needs to be quite heavy duty to cause overheating
kaitlyn mc nally : i think this game is a simple fun game. it doesn't have special offers it just has challenges which is really good. this game is really really fun
a google user : i love this game. it is amazing for stress relief. the music and the calm gameplay wipe the stress right out of me. also the game is very fun and easy.
coffee : i love this game, the scenery and sounds are amazing, i love the zen mode i just play for hours listening to the music, pls make more like this
sanchit singhal : a peaceful game with decent visuals and amazing sound and weather effects. hopefully patches will correct the few inconsistencies.
david : what an absolute gem. the graphics, gameplay and sound are all fantastic. this does not suffer from the monotony of an endless runner and that is mainly down to the great trick mechanic.
master teej : the game is absolutely amazing. if i had an aneurysm and spent thirty years in a coma, i would hope that those years are spent reliving this game. the zen mode is incredible.
abdul-qawi g. : best mobile game i've ever played in my whole life so far. i can't wait until alto's oddessy
aadam : its so calm and peaceful, it makes you unwind. the music, scenery. i adore this game, nothing else to say
sumeru das : feel like child.. whenever i am stressed.. i play this game and forget everything.. thanks for the zen mode specially
rahul mamtora : this is the best game that i have got addicted to. the most crucial aspect of this entire game is simplicity. bravo to the developers and wish to see many more games on the same lines. thanks!
cece m : the music and scenery are so beautiful it brought me to tears, especially with the zen mode. 11/10, this game exceeded my expectations.
gourab chakraborty : awesome in one word. music and graphics takes you to a whole new world. whenever i'm alone i would like to play this game. thanks to the entire team.
nicholas allen : atmosphere is great, tasks and leveling up to get the next character takes time but not impossible. fun and addicting and a perfect simple game to make time go by.
shiemi : this game is beautiful. from the music to the graphics its absolutely breathtaking. the only problem i have is that i can't see anything at night xd
prakhar singh rajput : this game just takes me to another world. it's not a game it's stressbuster. heart touching graphics and music. i really appreciate your efforts developer.
michael decuir : this game is all go. there's not all the wait time like other games. very challenging. a little navigation issues, but all in all the best game to keep you occupied.
pratima sharma : this is by far the first app for which i have written a feedback review. makes me feel happy whenever i play the game. awesome sound and background music, soothing experience, playing is equivalent to listening to a podcast of course keep your headphones on .
curious human : guys i felt like i was really there in the game.. the best game of this genre, perfect music too.. relaxes the mind.. most recommend.
thomas williams : genuinely a good, well made game, most games these days want you to buy upgrades, this simple, well done game, is amazing, the music, the graphics, and i personally love the zen mode,
gouri saini : fun to play and the graphics are beautiful and by far the best in any mobile game i've seen, the music used also compliments the atmosphere of the game, making it relaxing to play and beautiful in general.
gumilang suraduhita : great graphics, beautiful background, music and minimalistic art style so when you play it there will always be this constant calming vibe, for the 2d sort of runner game that this is, they didn't really have a lot to worry about so the whole mechanic and the basic controls of this game isn't something to be worried about too much which again gives that calming feeling and immersion of some sort.
raihan fariss : it's simple, addictive, fun, has great graphics, aaaand the final character was worth to spend time on unlocking. keep it up!
kiki chan : awesome sauce i really love this game. the graphics are cool. the background soundtrack too. but what's the deal with the elders though. lol. they need to chill out
rohan thota : i try watching the ads but it always says it's has no videos
yassir koukouh : this app is so good and i love it so mutch i would like to see new updates and new adds. and i wish you all the best and keep the good work ;)
brandon wolf : very addictive. i wish they'd do an update to once a set of goals are complete the game would time out and give you the next set of goals.
gowtham narayan : alto's adventure is the most beautiful game there is on android. it's simple yet sweet. too bad there are only 5 stars to rate this beautiful adventure. just download and enjoy.
romeo maligaya : this is very good game is very amazing for me to handle and the music makes me cry this music is amazing for places where you are :)
gavin lewis : i put off playing this game for a long time because i thought it was just an endless runner type game. the tasks and levels are really what made the game for me and kept me playing. beautiful graphics and audio.
matt w : this has to be one of the best games i have had the pleasure of downloading, everything about it is spot on the views, weather, game play and zen mode has me playing for hours, great job developers
tegar siburian : nice graphic, relaxing music, simple gameplay. especially there's zen mode to explore all track and enjoy the relaxing adventure. good job
kyle van rooyen : this game plays well has upgradable characters and runs smoothly without any problems. moreover it is extremely fun and looks beautiful!
daniel price : the music and graphics team deserve nobel prizes because this is the most stunning game that i could never put down. thank you for revolutionising mobile gaming.
tyseaun rodgers : cool grafics and fun ge play and smash this the like buttion on this and im giveing a xbox1s out.
heide lemaire : it is pretty annoying that it would not let me transfer data on this game from my old phone to this one. besides that, great.
riley boston : recently been having audio problems. sound and music both are jotty and high reverb. seemed to start once i connected to a bluetooth speaker. after disconnecting the same issue with phone speaker and earphones. other programs and games work perfectly. any reason why this may be?
din babwa : it's one of those games that you can turn on your favourite music and go with the flow. relaxing and energetic. stressful yet satisfyingly challenging.
leb to. : the best game i ever had. the zen mode is so perfect. this game gives me good vibes. play and unwind
arianna conte : amazing, in both game experiences. zen mode is super relaxing and the other is challenging. best game in a long time.
katie mccollum : the game is fun, beautiful and challenging. the only reason it's getting three stars is because the free version has way, way too many ads. every time you crash, you're required to watch an ad, disrupting the game experience.
praveen joshi : love the tune ..i feel like i am in real travelling to somewhere .. #speechless# such a beautiful game never seen before
vasilis devolis : a very literally beautiful and relaxing game. excellent work with the sound effects and music. zen mode is my favorite!
isaac almonayer : it's a great game with a great experience once you get how to play it you won't be able to stop.
siddhant : well this game is not like others,the background and graphics as well as the rain makes it outstanding. not to forget about the music.its owesome
ali asadullah : every night before going to sleep i put my earphones and play this game for 5 to 10 minutes and along with alto's riding i recall back my memories and try to relate to the time. i really miss the spent every single atom of my life.i would thank the developers for making such pleasing application
unworthier gaming : its a very calming game yet very addicting yet it tends to glitch a lot... the reason i gave it a 4 four star. thank you for the creation of this very beautiful game.
owen s : the ui is sleek and smooth. graphics and game play are excellent. i have only one complaint: i can't switch between the night theme and the day theme. playing with the night theme is extremely frustrating and it's hard to see anything. likely to uninstall just because the dumb themes
kevin oka : the graphic looks amazing. it's smooth, simple controls and that dynamic weather is just a beauty. and the zen mode made me relaxed and comfort. absolutely beautiful and addictive.
joshua mark bombeo : for me this game is great! it looks simple, i loved the "day/night cycle" and the rain. the game looked specially amazing at night time. my only issue with the game is that the framerate goes down on the forest areas and when its raining.
ashley foster : the gamplay is so smooth, the music is so calming! it never gets boring or repulsive. you can literally spend a couple minutes and you'll be in love and hooked to! the graphics are amazing and the game is so simple but so beautiful. lovely landscapes and this game is so fun. this game is a masterpiece.
matt taylor : takes a few clicks to initiate any menu icon, such as starting game, going to the home screen of the app, going to workshop etc. other than that app is fun
felix ulmanu : the game itself works really well and i love that there are no ads, but it gets boring with just the same snowy mountain environment, and progress is very slow
a google user : the only game in my mobile which lasted for so long without being uninstalled and the only game which i have rated and reviewed so far. wonderful graphicskudos to the developers
eugene bogatyrev : many thanks to the developers for such a wonderful game! there is not no complaints, wonderful graphics, simple controls, good gameplay, wonderful music. special thanks for the zen-mode, the headphones play simply divine ... thanks again! do these games often
justin yang : breathtaking art style coupled with a majestic soundtrack results in a highly atmospheric, immersive game that brings not only entertainment but peace as well.
marked zenuasia : its quite an interesting game despite it being a snowboarding game where you think you have to focus while on the slopes but somehow im distracted by the shocking warm soothing, laid back and relaxing music and the clear soft focused pastel colored graphics that got my jaw a-jar, this is as oppose to usual fast punk rock music and visuals of rad mayhem that i was expecting?!..and owh yes, i dunno wether its just me or what but the music, isnt it tom day!!?? bcuz it is so fitting man! good job! thanks!
mark taylor : love the float in on-screen objectives. when one objective is complete maybe float in the remaining objectives on screen. sometimes i forget what i'm trying to achieve. awesome game, best on the play store.
wizzyrd : i have a new favorite app. i fell in love with this app instantly. if i don't answer my phone, you'll know i'm busy playing this.
kumar observations : this game stands differ from other games which project cruelty,stupidity,fantasy...it gives a good treat to the eye and also ear
vishnu asokan : thanks developers for the clean ui and consumes less battery.. great job
manos tsiftsis : my game progress doesn't synch between my tablet and my smartphone. please fix it.
caleb helms : just chill out and enjoy the ride. challenging and relaxing at the same time. goals can be a bit tough at times but all are doable. great game overall.
louie romares : the game is one of the most beautiful game ever created in terms of ux, it does fill the user's satisfaction. but, jumping thingy was not bit clear
mage 3m : i love this game so much. i highly recommend this game if you are looking for a simple calm and fun game with great music in the zen mode. i recommend doing the zen mode and play for several minutes and fall in love with the great scenery and music.
anshuman mor : just small improvement: scarf physics could definitely improved, especially when it gets very long, it doesn't flutter as it should, and appears like it's a stiff block of ice. no other qualms. maybe night can be made little easier??
richard nash : this is the definition of a good app game! soooo good. as a developer, i wanna be like the dev of this app when i grow up.
joshua chen : well designed and a joy to look at, the main game is fun, and the advertisements are not forced upon you. the money in game is also not unobtainable, making it a game i will be keeping on my phone.
edgar gjinaj : one of the best games for android. i would like to see more scenarios (like a summer scenario for example) and more gadgets in the workshop.
uno : this game looks beautiful has amazing music and the zen node is so relaxing. you must get it
ibraheem chetty : awesome hd graphics and sound. the game is so fresh and crisp , just makes you wanna play more
the gaming sohan yt : this is my 1st reviw,only one game which i don't hate. one of the best gme in the world.love lovelove so much.
marvin bernal : zen mode and headphones. i zoned out and was so lost into the music and mountains. i haven't had a game impact me like this in a very long time.
jason ekonomakos : aesthetically pleasing, fun and has some depth. such a well made game i
still remember it years later
alton pettit : had high expectations for this one, especially after reading the comments. it is a very playable game and is worth some attention however it's nothing special
aknomics : simplistic, calming game only suggestion to developer is that the things that are needed to be done to level up should be recorded by the game irrespective of the level i'm on. for example, if i'm on level 2 and i complete all the requirements of level 5, then automatically level 2,3 and 4 should be skipped..
sudarsun s : my phone got crashed and now when i login using the google account, my old save game is not opening. a fresh game starting from level 1 is opening.
hean sun ooi : super fun to play and relaxing.. love all the character. the last one is tue best
bibinella : this game is a little piece of art! the atmosphere is awesome and it really creates a magic environment. the music is perfect and i love the different climate conditions! thank you for creating and sharing this game :)
david gicev : the graphics are amazing, i like the design, it has a bit of a material design philosophy in it which i love. its also quite addicting and fun to play
moe j.priest : like nothing else, the most amazing game i've ever seen, this + ninja arashi are all i need
jaesun dahlke : a great and fun game with stunning visuals. this game is very addictive, and there's a reason you can play this game at a t- mobile
norm4al : great game. great time killer. great challenge. great graphics. especially great with your own music. great everything about every single thing about this game. six stars if could
sohini sengupta : it's an amazing game...full of fun and relaxing at the same time. i love the way the scenes change as the day passes by
it'sjustme : best game for kids no violence at all good music great stuff good work great music!
josh one : it's fun but the bandit guys really ruin the game for me. it seems the ppl had a hard problem making the game more challenging so they added a game breaking mechanic. 3 stars for zen mode though.
swarup deb : one of the best games i have ever played. the music, the background, everything is perfect. a great stress reliever.
xxmooniexx : this was one of the best games that i seen on a android in a long time. i love the calm, aesthetic feel it has to it.
classic nice trash : its a great game but after a while of playing it won't let you jump. and without jumping you can't get far.
sprungle : most mobile games i play i get bored of after a day or so but with this game, i just can't stop! if anyone is contemplating getting this game, do it
william mejia : it would be great if you could add some morecalming music like de original track. the games great though and the landscapes are just bresthtaing even with their simple style.
[gd] chessmate : this is a masterpiece. i've never seen a game as relaxing as this. zen mode is the most beautiful thing i ever listened to. 5 stars and more.
daryl chia : arc of the jump was kinda off, maybe make it match the shape of the coins above rhe rock? also the rock tends to blend into the environment especially in the evening making it hard to identify the danger. not sure if it is intentional. overall experience was still great with the art and music.
adnan sabith : it is basically made from the concept of temple run. the game os easy to play, its relaxing, has great graphics and nice music.
ethan mikolay : for real, great job. i got addicted to this game last year and i just redownloaded it onto my new phone. there really isn't anything wrong with this game. it's super addicting and appealing. kudos to you guys
a google user : ads, woody... ads everywhere!!! last update made me uninstall it, too many intrusive ads especially with watermark close buttons. do marketers really think when you missclick on a ad you wanted to close, youre gonna buy something? (answer is no, btw)
olena gaponenko : i love how the scenes changes, and there are challenges that a always update. you can do xool tricks like back flip and bounce off rocks. love the characters! an absolute gem, also completely free!
tanmay sharma : adorable game. play it once...fall in love forever. zen mode is so beautiful. the only reason i have this in my phone is the zen mode. a really very great game.
thomas luthi : since the last update and my update to android 7, i have a weird delay. i touch my screen but the jump comes a second later, which makes it hard to play.
stephany : it's good ovr all but instead of a rainstorm can u make it a snowstorm plz it just makes sense
daroach150 : just one thing can you ad front flips. when you hold on the left side it should be a backflip if you hold the right it should be a front flip. plz just ad this to the game just plz.
patrick marks : game has a reset progress button so i was hoping to get replay value out of it. i reset it, did the tutorial and played from the beginning, which was great, until i exited and reopened the game going back to my original save point.
yuocef ali : great game with some of the most beautiful,sweet graphic artist,the more beautifully when the sun rise after long night..it's really awesome and exciting game..
meg schreck : i couldn't stop playing. i loved the concept and the fact that the game was always becoming more challenging as you kept playing.
michael harmon : i own this game and sideloaded it to android tv as it wasn't available at the time. it worked no problems. now the developers want me to pay again for an "official tv release" and i think it is a bit greedy on their part. this app has had immense success on ios and android. did i mention the ios version is free? so android users have to pay twice while ios users get a free download? how is that fair?
carson scaccetti : can't make it over first jump. then game freezes when the guy falls in the valled
cormac lawrence : totally addicted already thank you for that. gonna recommend to everyone i know. fantastic game
andres linares : fun and entertaining. very well designed and in love with the art. it takes a long time for the game to get old.
o0 shuffle 0o : ive had this game sonce it first repeased in apple and i have loved everybit of it, the design the simplistic but addicive gameplay and the peaceful soundtrack. truly a brilliant game
joash tan-loh : i love how much thought went into the design of this game. especially the zen mode, it is like nothing i've seen before : sweet, calming, beautiful music. kudos to the developers for a game well done! looking forward for more
renzel : i love how the weather and time changes, the nature, the sound and music, the mountains, the woods and the fluidity of this endless snowboarding game. no ads no bugs no glitches, everything is smooth. good job to game devs. this game is a treasure.
christopher walker : great game. only gripe is that after playing for a few minutes the game starts lagging on nexus 6p.
germe adair : a very simple game but i love it, i've downloaded it on every device i own it's addictive and fun to play, literally my favorite game i've downloaded
alistair : the calming effect of zen mode is ethereal. you must try it. the gameplay is smooth and the colours are beautiful. fantastic app
denilson sa maia : a game of repeatedly watching awful ad videos in exchange of coins. also contains a clone of "ski safari". although the game is beautiful, it is hard to see the obstacles. it feels repetitive, the progression feels like grinding.
logan carr : one of my favorite games of all time. my brother and i play it competitively. the only thing that would make it better would be a bluetooth or wifi race mode. just a suggestion
gameboy kurosaki : i can't pass this ap up. it's awsome
klint holland : i've only played one other game with this level of execution and that was osmos on the ipad back around 2010. the artwork in this game is excellent, the music perfectly fits the mood and the gameplay is enjoyable without being stressful. a++ title
alif biswas : nly d graphics is good, nthing s there in the game jst hate it nd plzzz dnt ever install this...
febin mathew : one of best game i ever played its very simple and controls are easy also the music and themes of game are superb these features let you play again and again the game waiting for 2nd part
jared trussell : i love this game, but now for some reason i cannot compete the objectives because when i do the game freezes and when i close the app it forgets i completed the objective.
jamie sanderson : the graphics of this amazing game is just impeccable. in zen mode, you can relax to the calming music and play this wonderful game. 10/10, no question about it.
ilovebrandon 18 : i like this game a ton so far it's my favorite game, but sometimes i want to listen to music and i tried going into the settings to mute the sounds, but the only thing i can see is the tab for the settings and nothing else. please fix. thank you.
skand prateek kaushik : i first saw my cousin playing this game. he is a big fan of this game. and after a month i just downloaded it to give it a try{ although i dont like these kind of games}. surprisingly i was caught by this game like forever. best android game i had played so far.
izaya orihara : should add skins for the game so players can chose what the games looks like and i'd suggest a journey skin so you can slide down a giant af desert sand dune with that long af scarf
naman ladhad : love the game. i need to restore my progress. the game had been deleted from my device. when i downloaded it again and signed into google my progress was lost. i need to to restore my progress. i had saved my game earlier yet it's gone
cesar lopez : awesome and addictive. can't stop playing it. i use to relax when i'm stressed, specially for that soothing soundtrack.
spencer wallin : this game is amazing. simple, enjoyable, and it doesn't ruin the game play with countless adds and click bait. my favorite game i've ever played on a phone.
genie : the graphics are beautiful! only problem is i can't seem to "smash 2 rocks with 1 boost" for the character paz.
kezden duncan : whenever i tried to load up the app it said "unfortunately alto has stopped"
stacy cheng : well designed and a treat to the eyes and ears. zen mode particularly has really nice soothing music, and you can really enjoy the scenery without worrying about the gameplay.
ruslan yusupov : very stylish graphics and relaxing gameplay. but it's getting boring relatively fast. additional themes and especially soundtracks would be greatly appreciated.
stack izard : i really have to give praise to this game! the music and the graphics are so amazing. the physics engine and the gameplay is superb, the way it immerses you and makes you feel like you're really skiing down a mountain. and the music is very airy and free. love the zen mode it's a good way to unwind. 5 out of 5
leiz chan : it's addictive and artsy! i enjoy the music and simplistic gameplay and always find myself looking forward to unwinding with this game.
just call me michael : this game won't let me jump and it's kinda frustrating but i love the way the game looks and if i could jump i would love it that much more.
robert bowlds : please let me buy your game and have the option of iap. the videos are obnoxious.
arielle lindblom : there should be an option to skip the stupid walkthrough at the beginning. i hate apps that don't have that option
mikael davranche : something's wrong with your tutorial. no idea when to tap for a jump over a ravine. tried 10 times, just gave up.
tushar veeramani : the game that keeps giving. a few short comings though... but they'll be easily overlooked by what the game has to provide
tania ruiz : i love this app so much it's relaxing and you don't need wi-fi to play not that challenging like other games that pis you off
kashif ali : this game was really perfect for me until the llama came, i mean it's really funny to watch llama doing a backflip then grind and rock bounce.
moose kiwi : this game is now and forever on of my favorites. i love just having my character wipeout and sit in the snow while listening to the music and watching the sun rise and set.
speedy tigerk9 : i have problems jumping like i'm taping the screen and it's not working i even tryied going noob and holding the screen and it still doesn't work
david liu : once you get the hang of it, it's very, very fun to play. the art style is gorgeous, and i love the variations in weather.
owen chan : this game is unlike any other. simple controls, beautiful graphics and music. highly recommended if u just want a relaxing game to sit down and play for a while. very impressed with the creators so 5 stars.
eyrewiut : realy fun game, however after i linked it to google play games it crashes please fix
hct4040 : it is my favorite game so far, but i would like it if you guys added better ragdoll effects depending on how you fall off of your snow board. other than that, i still love the game!
a google user : its enjoyable at times, the graphics are beautiful, and its quite challenging getting chased by the person with the horse. needs some improvement. but is a great app.
damo pryor : the art and theme of this game is amazing it's very simple not much to it but fun and just so nice to look at i'm very impressed
marjita chakma : this is one of the best game i have ever played.the scenery, music and the controls all are very nice.if we play it by playing music from our phone than it is more better.thanks to the maker and keep making this type of games
jaspet hall : good things:it looks great. the controls are simple as pie. addictive and fun, the physics are accurate. there's a camera option to capture good moments, and more. bad things: (empty)
sarthak agrawal : the game is very nice it'like we are in heaven but in night mode it dosent appear something but still i loved it
ricardo marte : aword winning stress releving game of 2016
gautam bharali : a generally don't write reviews. but in this i will simply say hats off to the developers. it's like an artist's playground.
boris halachev : the game has amazing features and zen mode is really calming. i am hoping for more updates in the future.
andrew barker : bought it once on my ipad, now i'm getting it again on my cell phone. i wish there was a 99 cent microtransaction to remove all the ads though. i mean, they're unobtrusive (it asks you if you want to watch an ad to revive after you crash, and that's it) but i still want an ad free version. i also want to support you devs more. :)
aug : i just wish the zen mode was more fascinating. i'd suggest that you make various background tracks for the zen mode and allow the player to unlock them as he/she progressed in the zen mode.
spoterens07 : it doesn't try to cram extra options that cost money like every other game and is a joy to play
frost ng : the audio was absolutely amazing and went wonderfully with the game play. the graphics were minimalistic and extremely calming. a big well done to the devs for this game!
speepeal : this game is great. the only real problem i have is with the coin collection. it takes way too long. but other than that, great game!
poseidon palmer : lovely graphics, lovely idea and an all round majestic game. i rarely say that. just to tell you
hariz tajuddin : first i usually play shooting, killing, action game but went i see the game on youtube it look beautiful and i download it and it fantastic nice gameplay, amazing sounds, great graphic and it is very making me chill thank you for the game love it sorry for bad english
austin white : played this game and could barely put it down till i got all the characters. unfortunately i got a new phone and don't have any of my progress on this device :( please let me know if there is a way to resolve this issue.
a google user : alto's adventure is fun, challenging, & it also looks and feels great which everything i look for in a game because it shows a real sign of effort rather than putting some fancy programs together and giving it a name
daniel enriquez : this game is simple yet so entertaining. zen mode is a nice addition to the already great game, now i can just play and listen to the soundtrack of alto.
partypotato 360 : it's really hard to find a game this beautiful and soothing and the music is so relaxing and calm
darkhalio : a nice game you don't have to sit and wait on. fun and simple. only downside sometimes is it is random, so you sometimes end up with a bad run. still easy to pick back up and go. so doesn't matter so much.
a google user : this game was great but...it was no use playing, all you do is collect coins and unlock new characters. there is no story line just chase lamas
nathan drury : one of the best games i've played on mobile. a gorgeous art style, beautiful sound track, and addictive gameplay bring me back for more.
a google user : like a previous poster said.. game can be fun without being annoyingly difficult. love it.
nishant punjabi : i've completed the missions now, at level 61, need more reasons to play this game
b rice : this is literally my favorite game of all time. it's so beautiful, so fun, so engaging. i beat it recently but i still want to keep playing it. it's the best.
owen : it was very fun to play, i got it on my tablet and liked it so now i'm getting it on my phone, but it's a great game and kinda addictive.
a google user : new characters to unlock by beating levels, lots of tricks to do, challenging but fun, and loads quickly
dr. ishaa rai : this is probably the most beautiful game i ever played. this is more like therapy, even the addiction seems beautiful.
alex jager : who dreams up this stuff. x games meets llamas with a relaxing soundtrack.
spencer mawbey : beautifully made and a real joy to play. simple old school type runner coupled with gorgeous graphics and a wonderful musical score, this is an absolute winner.
isaacdxynes : this game is great considering the simple rules, the art style and the coordination with the music... its a must for your device
zack mcglocklin : there were a few issues as far as elephants go. but other than that, i loved it. giraffes and honey from bees
a google user : this is the most satisfying game i've ever played.if ur stressed,depressed jus download thia game..enter into free play mode,put ur headfones on! and thats it. you guys rock man..!! best ever visual n sound.just awesome.
ben r : i love this game so much but i finished all the challenges ages ago! please add more stuff to the game so i can continue to enjoy and unlock more stuff.
shubham negi : beauty at its best. best game to ease your mind with amazing graphics, soothing music and nice gameplay. deserves 5 stars. nice work devs.
anna mcnally : finished the final goal today and i feel a bit bereft! great game, makes the commute fly by.
m g : wow , it's one of my favourite game and i love this game , most important thing is, your game controller is working perfectly , that's why i rate it 5* , and from level 19 i feels something hard but it's ok , it's just something and i like it, ok your game is really awesome, and thanks for this awesome game cya .
siarhei zhukouski : this is a great offline game overall, but the latest update started to show with sound upon startup. this sucks. i am not against ads - this is a free app after all - but i am against ads that have sound and require an action to dismiss them. please fix.
ian r : love the music great graphics and really fun there's not alot of games like this one
emmanuel adewale : this game is addictive, but in a good way. it's mechanics are simple, but sophisticated, and the goals give you more motivation to play. however, support for xbox live should be included so people can boost their gamerscore when they're not on a console. other than that it's a great game!
unknown contact : the visual aspect of this game is amazingly well done and combined with the soothing music it made the perfect mix. the game is fun, and even though it pushes you to do better next time, making it competitive, it's still relaxing. i love it
rizen rain : beautiful game, i never expected this game to be so beautiful but it surprised me. i play mmorpg games but this game is truly amazing and worth a shot.
jacobb : i love it it has to be the best game eva made i only got this and i love it ahhhhhhhhh... edit: woah 2016 how old was i man.
anshul sharma : after reinstalling the game you have to start the game again even after having half of the game completed and logged in with your google id.
pastel daisy : this is a really great game it's fun, challenging and has a beautiful design. however there are flaws, it takes a while to load it sometimes glitches in storms and it's hard to see at night, you should still get it.
post nouveau : beautiful art style. one of the few games that has stayed on my phone.hats off to the amazing developers. would recommend 10/10
anshul kanakia : probably the best mobile game i've ever played. outstanding sound design, beautiful esthetic and addictive simple gameplay that demands mastery. no annoying microtransaction pop-ups or ads. fantastic game!
ashutosh taluja : brilliantly designed. the concept of zen mode takes it far away from the average games these days.
david ratledge : ive played this on the iphone demos in sprint store i work at and loved it but could never play it on my android. so happy to see its finally made its way over!
priyanka patel : as a person with anxiety and certain anger problems, the zen mode really helps and i sometimes sit for hours playing it with my headphones in and i just fade into the snow...
ss 7 : this game is master piece love from core of my heart u guys just god for me....million best wishes for your future projects
alexander weir : beautiful game but i must have poor vision because i can't see those damned rocks
a google user : very dynamic and eye catching graphics, combined with a mellow and soothing soundtrack. it is a very good game, and i am pleased i installed it. i rate this 5 stars.
mysnichol : love the sound effects and how the time elapses from day to night. enjoyable so far.
michael dodd : from the graphics to the gameplay this game does not disappoint me.. although if it were easier to get characters that would be nice... but other than that a very good game
joey : if you like endless runners and achievement based gameplay this is the game for you. this everything a mobile game should be. the controls are super simple and intuitive and it flows so gracefully you can't help but play again and again. the real genius of this game is teaching all of its secrets slowly. granting you different characters that require different play styles so that you get good at every aspect.
praveen kumar : altos game is totally different ski ing in wide variety of mountain edges played lot's of times bt we feel bore after u cross same levels, over all good loved it
sibasis kar : when i click login it just halts for few seconds and then it gets logged out automatically.
lampo laggins : great graphics, kills time, that's the elements i want for a endless runner game and this game has it
miguel perez : its the best on zen mode, music, weather, and the wind is all u hear its verry calming helps relief my stress
noel herbert : game is beautiful, colours, designs, sound, music, simplicity all i totally dig. but it also crashes sometimes and occasionally has a spaz screen flips.
taylor mcdonnell : sometimes jumping will not work following ads resulting in automatic death
a google user : i love this app. the background is awesome and the music is calming i love it... i would like it if you were able to change he clothes and make the character a girl. overall i think this is an awesome game i was just giving some suggestions.
izzy zarden : i enjoy playing this game. i play it constantly only down side is it does drain battery
vishnu balachandran : the game is really awesome.. but having trouble with audio when played with bluetooth headphones.
gabriel : incredible peaceful and the most amazing game i ever played , i recomend and insist you install this app.and you guys at noodlecake and snowman studios you guys did an amazing jobthank you guys for making such an amazing game.
all-maker : this game is one of the best games out there it stands out from any other game what more do i need to say this game is the game that everyone needs to play once in awhile it makes you relax sit down have tea or coffee and play this game make sure you relax and that's all i need to say if you did not download this game do it you won't regret it the games free that's everything you need to say have fun and explored this amazing world
rahul motan : everything's good. but one suggestion, include some kind of a hud to foresee the topography ahead...
vivek r menon : it's very relaxing and entertaining. good to get a relief from stress. the graphics are simple and very nice. it's truly artistic. the music is also nice.
nixon quadros : beautifully made with a lot of attention to detail. love the minimalism and the endless mountain. also very addictive.
unknown stranger : this game is artistic and lovely to play. it's addictive game with a sweet feel to it .but some updates may be possible to further make this more awesome such as more locations such as volcanoes avalaunch etc more mountain animals, more boards,costumes, etc . but its just a suggestion hope u will think about it and make this game more awesome. hoping for future updates
arefriendselectric : this game is incredible its so amazing. its so amazing i cant explain how incredibly awesome this is it truly is a masterpiece.
madhav dragneel : the way you put in the music, it's really calming especially the zen mode... one of the best casual games i've been on
billy davies : struggling to get coins? fed up of grinding endlessly to save up enough? simply pick the upgrade you want and watch the 10-30 second videos (or do something else while they're playing). you can do it over and over, you get 500 coins each time and it's much faster than trying to collect them. seriously... for a really good run you can get as little as 100 coins.
anjali karekar : this is one of the best, challenging and relaxing games i have ever played. the new zen mode is soooo relaxing. love this game.
andres romo leroux : i love this game and it's so addictive.. but i don't know which update started showing ads in mid game! i understand you need to show ads but at least let us play 'til the end
aditya sharma : please add more tricks. the gameplay is just too linear and boring after a couple of minutes of play
parker brodehl : cant even play cause of all of the ads. i have played it before on a different phone and i love it. please fix this there is to many ads.
kyle e : don't use coins to revive your player, you'll lose them and still be forced to watch a video. just save your coins and watch the video.
adib abdullah : great game tho! try to swipe from right to left at the title screen,you can get mountain mode.which is awsome! maby some of you know these
ashley price : normally love this game, but suddenly started acting really glitchy today. don't know what's up but hope it gets fixed soon
dash g : beautiful game that is very well balanced. very little luck needed due to brilliant programming. and amazing art. relaxing and addictive.
james revell : love the game enough to have bought the doubler scarf for 3 hoping it would stop the ads in between attempts. please make this an option as i franking hate the ads!
illuzion : its zen mode tells us about the journey of a life , its music and scenery is just above all . you fall then you start but you don't give up , you never stop your journey . i am out words now . this is the best game of my life ever . it's not just a game , it's a feeling .
mr. halo : this game is all around stunning and beautiful. the music, the style, the mechanics everything about this game is beautiful. it is just a joy to play.
yogi chitnis : love this game, but it eats up battery... my battery comes from 100 to 30% in 15 mins of game play. phone i use is almost new xperia z5
brian meier : still broken after all this time only seems to work without issue on my nvidia shield tablet, on my nexus 6p it can get very laggy, on my shield tv it can be laggy plus after watching a advertisement it will launch your character in to a free falling spin and your character will die, not really optimized for the nvidia shield tv. no cloud support, so you will need to start from scratch on any new device that you install this game on.
bachris official : this game is so good and it made me a little emotional because the music reminds me of some bad times in a very good way though
nate the great : this game is sooo awesome!! i absolutely love the fact that in the last update they added zen mode which is so relaxing. i think noodlecake studios inc should make another game exaclty like this but with a horse rider instead of a snowborader. and you should take the idea from this game of zen mode and put it in the new game that i hope noodlecake studios inc will create.
jehan athar : simple game. gorgeous visuals. ads are getting more intrusive with latest update.
cancerous jones : the scenery is amazing, the characters are diverse and have different traits and to top it all off it's free. truly an amazing game.
michael collier : this game is amazing. lots of playability, no gimmicky lives system, adequate rewards for watching ads, beautiful music and graphics. fantastic work, looking forward to anything else by this studio.
rufus sunny : 1 less star becoz the music is same always. there must be soothing new musics.
austin nance : love the different levels and music is sooo calming, just wish triple flips weren't as hard
jehna martinez : addicting fun never ending game. has objectives and "goals" i love this game.
kunal dhaibar : the game touched my heart, the ultimate element of a creation. i congratulate the creators and the developers :)
amirhossein yarahmadi : really whenever i get bored of anything, i play the zen mode with its beautiful music. nice job!
fantom : it's bugging me that alto is backwards in the app icon, amazing game otherwise :)
monish vyas : its not just a game its an experience. the day and night cycle, weather effects are awesome accompanied by fabulous sound effects.
muhammad hafizuddin : i really love this game,cannot stop playing it.i hope that there will be a new update and i don't care what the update will be.keep up the good work
nick dunajski : the game is gorgeous first off. exceptionally easy to play, and huge replay value. most definitely worth downloading.
galina tsoneva : i asked why i'm not able to use watch video option to revive my character, and it's now working. i love the game! five stars all over!
sai deepak mangipudi : an immersive journey with intensive background music ... please add different modes such as stories and adventures so that it would be a great adventure game instead of a being a routine ice skating game !
markus foale : really lovely game. can't recommend it enough
harry nwani : it's just wonderful the creators of the game are geniuses. the wonderful soundtrack and breath taking scenery that evokes a peaceful and serene calm while playing this very basic game is so unreal. it's like replaying a good dream over and over again.
karanvir singh : when bored with the normal game you can go on for a free roam in the zen mode. loved it.
jisan rienhart : this is really a good time passing game. splendid sound quality, graphics but there is no way to buy coins. :-(
iris j. : just absolutely amazing its a good game to play to help get rid of stress and its absolutely beautiful recommended for everyone don't forget your headphones.
ca m : really good game just wondering when you jump over the campfire why does that man on a horse start chasing you
zandro ravina : whenever i start level 2 i crash land at the start. this game is very poop,very bad and very glitchy.
kai mizzi : i don't often smile at games. but this. this is something else. the feeling when you have the moon behind you as you do a flip between two ramps over a crevis. the feeling when you slide down a mountain side, the sunset just filling the hills. that is why i game. that moment when you find that one game that makes you smile over and over again. and i've found it.
xutaes : probably my favorite app ever. it never fails to calm me down and it has a certain beauty to it i just can't get enough of.
jennifer fahrbach : beautiful, aesthetically pleasing graphics and calm, driven background music. easy to pick up quickly but challenging enough to make you play over and over. masterfully executed game with good balance to all aspects.
pnda mando : this is a beautiful game. very well put together. he controls are very simple to use, the scenery is gorgeous, and the concept is very nice
cody bohlender : this game is an exact ripoff of ski safari. except it's not as good. booo
aswin : it's a cute little game that is very very relaxing. it kinda makes me want to go there. the scenes and the music work well to provide a great gaming experience
nehem loopez : i can spend an infinite amount of time playing alto. even after unlocking all characters and buying all the upgrades. it still is just so addictive and such a good time killer. the music is great along with the graphics and aesthetic of the game. top noch
peter tunnell : simply switched to new phone and logged in, my progress and purchases were all gone... did not transfer
malinda's journey : i really enjoy playing this game. i'm not sure why, because it's really just another 'runner, collect coins' type of game. must be the scenery and music. nonetheless, i really enjoy it
bubba carnes : it's good for killing time when there isn't anything else to play but i guess the game isn't really to be anything else so yeah it's good
bob gamble : nice game but as times passed it really does lag on the s6, it shouldn't on a powerful device
tanveer ash : i don't review any games until they are on top of my list.... this game is just amazing. the locations. the sound. specially at night and when it is raining. thx for this experience
nihal shaikh : the best game ever. good work. but when i play, i eyes pain a lot. too much stress on my eyes.
udiepie : you know when you are playing and everything is fun and smooth and bliss. but...... you fall.you fall hard. but,it's not the end,heck! it's not even the beginning. you begin learn. you press your thumb on the screen when that obstacle/rock comes in your way. you chase your beloved llamas. gather points as rewards. and that's when you start to win. so next time,you know that when you fall its not over. beautiful, sweet little game. it makes me happy
betty white : love this game only wish after awhile you could do other tricks.
kalpit ruparel : love this game. gameplay is not important in this game all you have to do is feel the backgrounds and music
abdullah alsulaimi : i wish there would be more than just one soundtrack. the rest is perfect.
chukwukamso osamor : i have played so many games but alto's adventure is in a class of its own. i first saw the game while watching a youtube review of a phone i wanted to buy. the video showed how games ran on the phone and i think this game was the first one played. after seeing it, i then decided to buy the phone and this was the first game i downloaded. i have never regretted it since!
taksh limaye : this game is very good. i. thunk that noodlestudios should improve the controls so that the game is easier and fun to play
lakshay mittal : i would suggest to add some new landscapes and new sound tracks so that player can choose the soundtracks which they like..
albert sabu : i love this game, it easy and the places looks awesome. great graphics so i don't feel bad while playing...
jasdave sandhu : just unwind to this game and it's soothing soundtrack ..u will love it guaranteed
diego zavala xed : monument valley is an amazing game that was rated with over three different awards from apple and other media. altos adventure shares that compatible and deserves bigger compitition with a game of such quality, artwork, and code'smenship. i rate five stars.
himanshu narayan kalundia : this game is really awesome. going down the hills with such beautiful scenery and lovely music. it feels so good.
jordan hunter : i love this game, i just have one problem which makes it that i can't jump at all until i reset the game.
basil : this is not just a game, this is an artistic relaxation experience. from the gorgeous art style to the music. simply beautiful.
jeovonnie humphrey : should be able to upgrade the speed of alto's flips. plus this game is a one trick pony.
kuba sawicki : but after new update it is totally not responsive, the latency is like half a sec
christopher oram : i just reached level 61, and wanted to say thank you for an excellent game! it was so much fun to play through. i would enjoy more content and challenges, but the game is fantastic as is. bravo!
qq z : a good game. not as boring as candy crush and it doesn't keep asking you to purchase goods. very clean and fairy-talish visual designs.
philip scott : awesome game to whittle the time away. relaxed game play and well rendered, smooth graphics. really loved the game. only thing i would say is a tutorial for wingsuit.i have played for a while a still have no idea how to proximity wingsuit?
deondre p. : i like it, it's simple but well put together. nice relaxing music and really addictive
a google user : i love the music and the gameplay is just nice , it doesn't make you rage like other games , well done!
vincent fajardo : very beautiful game. both the visuals and sound are top notch. simple, yet entertaining to play, and also very relaxing and addicting.
bea latorre : it's really fun and addicting. you constantly want to beat your previous score and level up to get new characters. right now, i'm trying to level up to get to the llama.
john holmes : simple. addictive. fun. a great game with stunning graphics, especially at dusk and dawn. a genuine feel good game that's hard to put down.
dhaval bhatt : if u like action and racing games, this game ain't for you. very good for rest of them
poras srivastava : so far the best this year by miles. recommended to every android user. piece of art
shahar levy : too bad there are no new stuff and updates. but great game nonetheless.
adithya raj : this game is so simple yet it's able to keep you're attention and keep you wanting to play it more and more. it's an easy way to pass time in a car journey or on a train trip as well
sreerag kalappat : the best game ever. so soothing and charming that you feel pure joy playing
it. zen mode is pretty great too.
atlasingent : this is the best mobile game i have ever played. it's stylish, pretty and the controls are tight. the gameplay is focused and simple, yet always enjoyable. the love of the developers is clear as well, with its wallpaper-making photo mode and atmospheric zen mode. endless love for this.
andres virdi : a really beautiful game that i'm still coming back to, its graphics are amazing the controls are simple to use and you quickly get the hang of it . though there are some bugs its great.
tom loonan : pretty darn good game. simple design and controls, yet always changing game play; no two runs are the same. very interactive. excellent graphics. the ever-changing weather is fresh. touch controls could use a bit of polishing.
mohamed azeem : i loved the entire game. not only is it beautiful, the gameplay is smooth and doesn't lag whatsoever. although it does drain your battery ( obviously ). overall, best.
matt sprague : this game hits all the right marks for mobile games. it's got awesome music and art production and i really appreciate that it doesn't shove ads in your face. very fun game mechanics and progression is satisfying. great job making the game
owen page : beautiful graphics and great game play. my only problem is at night time it is too dark and you can't see what is going on to a point where i have to quit the app and wait for it to be day again .
vicky lund : nice game... bug: screen jumbles up when you dash a rock while using a llama horn
anand shekhar : addicted to an extend. great game i have played in some time.
sleepy_mmh : there isn't much to it but the visuals and music are so beautiful.
neerxl : i keep getting tired when i play this. it's so peaceful!
indresh arora : there is a bug, sometimes in gameplay on tapping, the guy doesnt jump. please fix this
hunny bunny : i liked this game so much due to it's calm and relaxing atmosphere, music and the awesome gameplay,,,,, i hope that u don't leave the game till it's death, we need more updates we need new adventures and challenges and music,, thanks
grace raissa : the scenery and the music is sooo relaxing! but one thing that bugged me is "watch video" doesn't work. please fix this!
shiv g : everything about the game is just so good. graphics, music, theme all are very well done. just one bug i noticed.. 'video not available' pop-up comes when the gameplay is in progress, without pausing the game. and by the time it appears there is no use of it. pop-up should not appear when game is on going. ======== reducing 2 stars: even after watching video, game doesn't resume..
kade gehringer : super peaceful and fun to play. helps me calm down when i'm angry or upset.
dasilverywolf : absolutely stunning, amazing graphics, amazing controls, and without a doubt one of the most original games i've seen on the play store.
vincent lucero : smooth and graceful, yet delicate and shy. breaks all limits of beauty and calm.
zack tenaglia : zen mode is extremely relaxing and is easy enough to understand that i can hand the phone to just about anyone and they can enjoy the game as well. really beautiful aesthetics. reminds me of the long dark
a google user : i love everything about this game. it is addictive, the first game i have felt this way about in years.
harish srinivas : the background music, the graphics and the gameplay. so much feel good stuff in one app. just plainly love it.
mark schmidt : with its simple game mechanic, beautifully rendered graphics and subtle musical score that complements the game experience (unlike most games where it is annoying), it's fun and challenging to play.
ruth b : unfortunately google play services have stopped. i have never received this message before, and only happens when playing your game. it's kind of annoying when trying to do a triple flip and this error pops-up...i'll do a force stop and try again...
aindrasis gupta : absolutely a brilliant piece of a title. the game looks gorgeous and plays great. it'll get boring at some point of time, but still nevertheless a fantastic game to kill your free time. geddit!
sourabh aggarwal : i just downloaded it as the top game of editor's choice. but when i started playing, it's just flawless. super graphics, super music and sounds. worth to play. keep up the good work.
gabe owings : the moutain, the music, the snow. it helps calm me, and helps me relax.
stephany vargas : cant get enough of this game! it's literally an adventure! and it's kinda like when you play you weren't expecting the game kinda...:d
kaitlyn larson : its a fun and time taking game. i take with me on gymnastics rides and me and my freinds play for hours
haroon ikhlaq : game will no longer load it previous achievements and purchases. i'd unlocked all but the last character and i'm not about to restart all over again. uninstalled.
tessellatedguy : great game but for some reason this game stutters pretty often on this beast tablet.
cat man : a lot of fun to play and a good challenge but some times it doesn't work and you can't control the charecter
ikka gaming : the same thing as a result of the time to get the rest is history of the time to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to look for a while back and forth to the same as the same as last year and i have a good idea to have a good time
a google user : great game, great idea and great ui. however there seems to be a bug when you watch a video, it plays and then another ad appears right afterwards and the game resumes and you are now skiing in the sky and stuck. maybe someone else as experienced this?
elijah beale : this game is revolutionary. between the music, gameplay mechanics, and the kid friendly vibe, this is definitely a unique game of its own.
reno ghaffur : with its great relaxing music and beautiful scenery. . worth to play! i'd hope more tracks for background music will be added soon for better enjoyment
tahiad hossain : possibly the best endless runner with no intrusive adds. a must have for anyone that enjoys good art/music. great work on the game guys! :)
travis h : please update for a screen timeout fix. this is the only app/game on my v20 where the screen times out around 10 to 15 seconds. super annoying please fix!
michael meyer : it's a great game. it has minimal graphics, yet still pleasing to look at and play. music is perfect for the game. another game worthy of a 4.5 rating.
jordon scott : such a beautiful game, but they got greedy and added ads to the (paid) game which pop-up, ruin the vibe and get you killed.
jennifer : the tablet/os i'm playing on it doesn't render fences or rocks making it kind of unplayable. shame because its great when working
jean and his planet : one of the few 5 stars rated game to me...it is really simple, beautiful and really relaxing, specially zen mode...even the difficulty of the missions is not that hard but challenging though...and most of all you can enjoy it all without having to spend all your money on an app!
jacob newton : it gives me goosebumps whenever i play this! it is so immersive, the art is spectacular, the music is exquisite! i cannot wait for the next update that is if there ever will be!
shah ahnafur rahman : i just completed all 180 goals.it's nothing but addictive.great graphics and gameplay.waiting for the next installment of this game.
a google user : i really feel relaxed playing this game. great game with great relaxing
music. i have had it for a long while now and everytime i play feels like a
new experiance! highly recommend it..
hari sankar : a bit passive , but still a beautifully designed game.the change of time ,rain,lightning etc are all beautifully incorporated into the game.the zen mode is also great ,especially it's music.overall a very good game for peaceful relaxation
ujjwal prasad : everyone would fall in love with this game, it's graphics and music both awsum.
abhijit kundu : game is good. you will get addiction by playing it again and again. its worth it.
brian stinson : good looking and simple game that's relaxing to play but you really need to add a front flip, not only for the extra move but because i constantly find myself instinctively pressing the left side of the screen to balance out.
rahul yeluri : amazing game! i'm a huge fan of original background score. can you guys include it as an option for choosing it in zen mode too? and thanks you guys for making the game. it's the best thing that has ever happened to mobile gaming.
bakyt niyazbekov : changing weather, beautiful mountains in the background, how you can see
the sun and the moon at the same time... everything is amazing. gameplay is
simple but not boring. hope the game gets further improvements.
suman bhardwaj : the game is good and the music is soothing . . . . . but one thing which should be corrected is that after saving one screenshot in the photo mode when i save another one the previous one gets replaced by the new one :(
m v : has such serene music and simple gameplay that makes it a very calming game to play, but also manages to be challenging due to the goals set. i love it! cute characters too, including the llamas.
brandon smith : so much fun. love how course changes each time so it doesn't become repetitive.
yugene lee : awesome, timekilling, just full on epic. i mean who doesn't love the stunning graphics and in my opinion, a skiing game is really addicting
e schur : i seriously cant stop playing this game. cant recommend it enough.
e p : simply amazing, the combination of music & backgroud graphic is the best. but, i think it will be better if game developer make a new & many jump tricks
johann grant : its paceful sereen and down right fun to play! great big thumbs up to the game designers!!
mart : that's the best game i've played ever, great graphics and landscapes, great gameplay and relaxing, expecially the zen mode.
seb : just close your eyes and let the music take you to places.
niall dalton : the idea is simple: your llamas have escaped and you must chase them downhill on your snowboard. it's simplicity itself. the visuals of the day/night cycle, combined with the sound design and weather visuals had me recommending this game to everyone. zen mode with headphones, is pure chill and de-stress. love it.
muhammad abrar : although the game is good in graphics and is very addictive but i thing the flip action should be improved like canceling a flip or coming back from a flip.
czer : help. i played this game for quite some time, unlocked numbers or achievements and characters but when i changed new phones, i lost all of it (i did signed in to google play previously). my high score and achievements are still there, but the characters and upgrades are reset (sorry for bad english)
frost muff : this game is down right fun. from the monster combos to the llama riding a snowboard. this game is, absolutly a must have. no lie
a google user : the new endless mode made this game soo much more fun, u just want to keep going without a old dude ruining things....
dev b : i love this game for all of its unique features especially the beautiful music. particularly when the music changes from day to night.
devil may snipe : its a nice game. music is very calm and relaxing and decrease stress. challanging, best time killer
bernalyn guillermo : when it is rainy and dark, the figures of birds, stone and alto are look the same so it is hard to know where alto is, and in the end, the game is over.... but is very challenging. :)
akash sharma : nice game addicted to it the only things is that what is a benefit in catching lamb's
vistohlm f : love this take on the dash style game. the graphics are soothing, and the game play is fluid. wonderful game to zen out in.
troy laplante : it very quickly. it was very smooth gameplay though
troglodyte ue : i've been travelling around south east asia for the past few months and during long bus journeys and flights this has helped pass the time. i'd highly recommend it. it's just so addictive, for a one button game it has so much depth.
subhajit chatterjee : this game is absolutely amazing......and the fact that we can skip goals in exchange of gold makes it even better
hanson s. : i love this game all the way around, but the zen mode is an exceptional addition. i love the way it a lows you to build your skill without any stress. the soundtrack is the best i've ever known, and really helps put you in the zone. 5 stars.
shourya shrivastava : it's difficult to see rocks at night. please improve rock's layout
pictonomii : this game doesn't register my taps properly, sometimes there's lag. otherwise, great game, but u can't play it.
nathaneous : downloaded this app on my new device and it hasn't synced my game progress on the new app. it has synced a couple of stages behind.
vaibhav upadhyay : it's an addictive fun with simple gameplay and tricks, some more type of flips or jump controls could bring new more fun loving aspirants to the alto's adventure .!
chloe turner : alto's adventure is amazing,it is super addictive (like all good games should be) and needs you to learn the paterns and it needs focus so you cant just do it while doing something else.i rate it 10
avinash xavy : good game but very difficult. but there is problem cloud upload .
i like trains kid : i loved this game.it is challenging and so entertaining.i can play this game for hours and not get bored
bailey : 'alto's adventure' is a lovely game. it never ceases to bore me as i snowboard down the endless mountain, the mountain elders provide a challenge though!
morgan q : excellent game! very relaxing great for when you're trying to kill a few minutes.
mark hamill : this game is the best if you want to kill some time and do so with relaxing visuals.
chris west : edit game crashes after closing very consistently. great side scroll game. good graphics as well
anant r : it's a great simple game that you can play for 1 minute or 2 hours at a stretch and not get bored. no pay to win like some other devs. love it!
jon s : its great in every way. but im going to be greedy and ask for more games modes.
napster dude : your app icon has a flaw but other than that this game was the best game i've played in years
julie baja : for some reason, playing this game calms me down. i like playing it before i go to sleep.
chuck crouse : probably the best mobile game i've ever played. easy controls, nice aesthetic, and fun challenges.
rift raft : it's too hard to jump the thing
a google user : when i first saw this game i though it was just a normal game but when i tried it it gave me an amazing experience. i want to say that it is a excellent work of designer. and it got this game link,when i was seeing youtube ' prince chandra ' channel , so please subscribe his channel.
olefante : at first it's hard and boring but after a while it turns into the best and most addicting game ever so if you having gaming patience you'll love this game if you want a game to be good immediately you'll hate this game.
laggy gamer : this game is amazing. beautiful graphics and relaxing music. at the end of the it drives my tiredness away.
melinda aiko wong : alto hit a cliff wall in the "no score" mode. and alto revived and got stuck in the sky.
parth patel : sound direction deserves an award..it's amazing..you'll fall in love with this game no matter what kind of games you play.
tatu ainesmaa : only the night lvl doesn't work, the game seems broken
mahrukh iqbal : aesthetic, atmospheric and beautiful graphics. good music and good gameplay and control. overall, the game is relaxing and pleasing
marcos dafaee : i use it to relax me. i especially like the way time and weather changes throughout the day. thank you for developing such a work of art!
nitin vinayak : the games ui system makes the best it just beautifully designed and the way the time changes from day night just pure beauty it's a lovely game and i have purchased it on ios and i am happy that it is free for play store keep up the good work developers
a google user : can't even get past the tutorial, the contols are so unresponsive and the game has trouble resetting every time you die
kirstie lindsay : beautiful, challenging yet deceptively simple. auto's adventure is one of,if not the best app style game i have had the pleasure of playing.
miranda excell-smith : i love this game but it does sort of take over your entire life! but you know; i still can't stop.
nick cox : i love this game. the trailer sold it to me with the soundtrack and the way it was shot. the game has exceeded my expectations and think the graphics are gorgeous, the game both addictive and challenging enough to stay fun and with the addition of the music this is truely something special.
anandaraja arumugam : beautiful game. love it. but my progress is not synced across my devices :( please fix it.
molly k : never slow or lagging. just when you first open it. great game! thanks for making it!
aidan gallacher : it's insane what the devs managed to do with a mobile game. graphics are gorgeous. zen mode is so relaxing. 10/10.
feya sterling : beautiful, challenging but not too hard. music and sound effects are great. thank you!
brian johnson : i love everything about this game; the gorgeous graphics, intuitive game play, flowing animation and celestial audio. please make more like this!
fabio pento : game won't reload once i die. have to restart all the time. not worth the effort
jacob bedel : art style is among the best i've ever seen. gameplay is addictive yet calming, and the addition of a zen mode is fantastic!
mebanjop marwein : best game ever.. really clear my mind from stress playing this game. love it
zane hanson : what a great game! solid, addicting gameplay, beautiful graphics, amazing soundtrack, and the developer is very gracious in making the game practically ad-free. love it!
kamonu tucker : thank you for the challenge. up to the last level i had a great time and
had no issues with the game. great job.
akash lalwani : nice gameplay peaceful music and good looking graphics. relaxes ur mind on those stressful days.
kayleigh cook : i love this game so much. it can be a challenge, and you have the option to go into zen mode if you just want to relax. beautiful graphics, amazing music. so glad i found it!
neeru sharma : this game has a very nice graphics and all but can you add more difficulties please
nishant jain : thanks to the developers. one can enjoy the game fully without even spending money. you are awesome developers. this game is really great, great graphics and gameplay and it's relaxing also.
teodor tanase : this goes in the same basket as all those games by that game company (journey, flower, etc). the music is so soothing and the color palette is the same. the 1st immersive mobile game experience i've ever had. cant wait to see what comes next!
samson praneeth : it's the best game to break the ice in our hearts.. background music is admirable
marvin nicolo nolasco : one of the best games i've ever played, good music choice and cool sceneries, a perfect fit for an offline and easy-to-play game
malhar meher : beautiful game. i'm not a great fan of the gameplay but it has an outstanding pleasing music which which is really soothing!
river p. : but when you play as maya it gets really really slow and glitchy
a google user : the simplicity and the style are well complemented for this game. the design and structure feels fluid and at the same time, retains that sense of wonder as you backflip across amazing backgrounds!!
supriyadi -yadoz : this is the best no end running game i ever play. thanks for made this game. all is perfect. i love it.
bryant cordova : one of the few games worthy of a 5 star rating. zen mode is great addition, and a free one at that.
tian wong : graphics are just amazing! gameplay is rather simple and is more of a time waster than anything else. however, if you do want to waste some time with a game, this is your best option
m.d. williams : beautifully designed and created game and gameplay. the music is peaceful and relaxing too. gotta love the transitions of the day as well.. especially into early morning or late evening.
monique sutton : there's been a few glitches with my app lately.
plasma43 : you can tell someone has put a lot of hard work into this game. it is beautiful and addicting. i could have the music running in the background all day.
abdul maabood : feeling of loneliness in a quiet world of snow covered mountains especially the zen mode
mohan nani : superb game ever played. simple but extraordinary graphics... more than a play it is a relaxment our mind... and finally music of the game is very nice..as said earphones are necessary to enjoy the game
ahmed mueen : i don't usually rate or review, but this game deserves it all. well done, hats off to the developers! thank you for this beautiful game. keep making games like this!
williamodd123 : so peaceful and you really die when you get whipped in the butt by that elderly dictatorship er
clavontia hall : incredibly fun. time consuming. and addictive. love how smooth the graphics are. very soothing to the mind.
oliver beale : simple, beautiful and mesmerising. stick in some headphones and play in zen mode to immerse yourself and de-stress. it's the sort of game you play just to be there.
christian parta : the pleasing music matches the beautiful scenery, providing a very unique gameplay. i am pretty much enjoying the game. it's cool that you have so many goals and that you have to achieve them in order to unlock other characters.
arne : good, but i play it on thr pc, where the controls are much easier- you just have to press the spacebar. and good scenery and idea. but snowman inc., make it available for live tv!
sean duggan : this game is awesome in every way with one tiny exception - the menu buttons almost always require between 3 and 7 taps to register an input.
akash dey : a big hug for the awesome piece of art you guys made. just perfect serenity. i'm a huge fan. thanks a lot :)
marshall : i have had this awesome game for about a few months now, and i have to say, it's amazing. it's not a rpg, war game, or anything. it's a super fun indie game! most games i'll delete in a couple days, but this game is so much fun. it's addictive i guess you could say. the designs are amazing, the background landscape is amazing and it's so peaceful. the music is great too. i like the goals but some are hard. i wish you could reverse the flip so you could do right spins and left spins. overall, fun game.
erin : i wish they would update with some new levels and characters where the game has been released for so long , love the game feel like now all of the challenges have been completed that i'm finished with it
nitzan papir : absolutely beautiful design and animation. very fun game play. fantastic sound design, you just feel inside the game. prettiest game i have ever played!
revd. stephen martin : love this gentle little game nothing taxing and helpful when needing to wind down especially in zen mode. worth downloading and at least trying
dj swiggett : occasionally it shakes and does weird things that look like lag but 90% of the time it works so well.
rak_attack : namaste also i needs mo peeps and better ways to earn coins plz thx so much
diana dehelean : "alto's adventure" has everything to be an amazing game: a charming design, an interesting story and also beautiful relaxing original music. i just love this game!
greg ng : this is not only a game but truly, a wonderful work of art!
aniket : but please make it multiplayer
sean miller : easy going 2d down hill runner game. challenging but doesn't stress me out.
sean ward : easily my favorite game on the play store. it's both fun and relaxing, and has great visuals!
aidan waters : i wish night time wasn't a thing it is annoying i cant see rocks is it possibel that you can get rid of night time of make it brighter
khalil h : great game. had to reset my phone. downloaded the game and logged in with google. but all my progress is gone...but my stats are still there from before. please fix this :).
ibrahim bille : it's so famous so i thought i'll have a try and it was great plz evewone download it
ruata chhangte : the game is very well made. good graphics and sound. the zen mode was a blessing. it gave me peace of mind. and if you want to have nostalgia, the zen mode is the right one to play.
hossain tanwir : it is a very relaxing game the music , the background are amazing and the most good thing is my time will pass playing it when i will feel bore
joe willerth : beautiful music and awesome visuals along with a great mechanic make this hands down the best game on google play for 2016!
pete boulton : this app is in dire need of an update .. the skip levels function has ceased to work,on certain levels it judders and shakes .. it's a mess ..
david dudley : like this game a lot, my only complaint is alto is to small so you can't see your character that we'll but this game is still a great, i've reach level 21 an i'm totally addicted
abraham eric herman : i like the songs of the game....but then it keep on repeat....i think to make it more fun is to add some songs
smug : i love my indie games, and i can be very harsh, but this game blew me away, the graphics, gameplay, and music are something that couldn't be any less than perfection
charlie p : a very simple and easy game to play. prepare for a very relaxing stress free experience with a beautiful soundtrack.
imdong lkr : lives upto its claim. great gameplay , great graphics and the sounds just awesome
jithin john mathews : do yourself a favour and get this game. amazing art. out of the world music..simple yet addictive concept... they could have made this game a paid download for all that they offer. so please support the devs, download the game and show your support. you won't regret it.!
abhishek guha : the prettiest game to play that has a calming effect due to its amazing scenery, mild n soothing music and most of all simple n clever game play
delete 44 : this game is one that i actively want to play. fun gameplay, amazing art style, and generally very well made. ads are unobtrusive and optional, and the objectives are challenging without being impossible. worth trying
kris mardiv : i change my phone and i can't continue my progress, so i lost all the achievement
anggaradhi w : this is great, but please to mr dev, need more update ,give them enemy
chee chang long : when i'm played this game , i'm will feel so peaceful and wonderful while hearing the music
kishan kalariya : one of best surfing game i ever played , best visual graphics, would be great if have more lighter sheds of visuals
pretttydulcet : this makes no sense, in the tutorial you can't even jump over the chasm?? you can never get enough speed to do it and if you want to retry it you have to restart the while tutorial with all of the pointers in it
shashank dixit : just played it n found myself goosebumped in the zen mode - the day night cycle n weather changes just pulled me in..so much so that i seriously considered retiring to such a snowy locale ha!..highly recommend playing with your earphones
jason k : beautiful art style. calming & relaxing music. a perfect little time killer that can be immediately put away and forget. plus, i suspect this game's weather and lighting adapts to the real world in your immediate surrounding.
stephen o'reilly : a near perfect game! so simple, yet beautifully designed and stunning to watch even when not playing. a mobile masterpiece!
romil pancholi : it's a whole different world & u suddenly slide into it. just use your headphones while playing it.
axel : so far i played any game on android all felt lame but this game is genuine
abhishek karmakar : play this game in zen mode. headphones on. highly recommended.
addison verret : this game is so fun when ever i am bored i play this game for long time.
sarlux _ : keeps crashing since i finished the tutorial
zero two : i really enjoy this game especially the zen mode, it made me feel like im in paradise. thank you for making this game guys.
maxim perepelitsyn : have a bad thoughts? take it easy, this game will relax you for while and then you can back to your chores. gr8 game 8 out of 8, m8.
hairyhen hoyanuggle : how can i bind accounts cos i played it on my tablet and now i've up upgraded to a phone, i can sign in but i stool have to start the game from the beginning again and it took me access to very to were i was
marcelle booysen : i find this game so amazing because when i started playing i didn't realize and took me a few attempts to realize that i had already started playing
the peculiar nerd : it's cool. it's also very addictive. it's an action game. but the story line is kind of confusing
parietal polymath : i didn't think i'd like it so much but it is friggin great! hours and hours of relaxing fun
vox lab : unlike other games, this gets easier and more fun as you play longer
joshua : i can't take the time to make a login review so it'll be short. it's awesome, simple, and fun. i just wish the cloud saves worked.
a google user : the best casual mobile game i've ever played. drains my battery pretty bad but it's worth every drop.
tyne kavka : very beautiful game .i adore the style , symplistic yet detailed , purely gorgeous. the music is absolutely lovely and the changing background is brilliant . never have i snapped so many screenshots of a game . this game always is just a "feel good" ride.
nandakumar : would have given 5 stars but the app crashes after certain play time :/
josh : this is, by far the best mobile game i have and ever will play; thank you developers.
drinu zam : from the music, atmosphere, mechanics... everything just works so brilliantly together. exactly what i look for in a game. this makes me want to buy a scarf just like alto's! amazing game, struggling to find one with such caliber.
marc : this game is worth a price tag. it's visually charming. the enviorments are captivating. the game play is addictive. and that is all without mentioning the zen mode ,which let's you relax and go down the mountain not worrying about objectives. i highly recommend using earbuds, as the surround sound is simply astonishing.
minh toan huynh : fun and addictive. there're always new challenges for you to play.
monica castillo : the visuals are gorgeous and the music goes so well with them. my favorite game for relaxing on the subway. i especially love the zen mode. it's so good for de-stressing.
not this email nope : beautiful art and atmosphere, simple but fun gameplay. something that you can easily go back to again and again.
a google user : nice game very nice i love music, scenery,i can't describe everything download to try it nice
shelby goad : it's. ok buttttttttt when it's. dark you can't. see the rocks and you will die other than that its okay
jarod landaker : only gripe is saving a screenshot should not overwrite the prior one!!
carlos : this game is amazing the music the animation the graphics , it kind of reminded me of pc games called journey
the dolphin gamer : great visuals, relaxing music, good sound effects. fun gameplay
blair b : this is one of my favourite mobile games. really nice way to pass some time. the artwork is beautiful, the music is relaxed, the character unlocks give the game an element of progress. edit: have completed this game, worth every minute.
rahul v : mind blow game
saurabh jha : this is just great i generally don't give 5 stars but the game is just perfect.
a google user : this app is a lot of fun, but the problem is that for some reason obstacles arent showing up. please fix. thx.
amber allsopp : i really enjoy playing on this game it is super fun and the level isn't the same every time and it switches it up
rick : best thing is music! graphics are also good! plzz add some more stunts! i loved the game!
sreenath narayanan : what a design, what amazing bgm this is a peace of art. lobe tge dojo mode as well just takes you to an another world. keep it up developer team... amazing work
a google user : this app is so cool, it kills time too, and best of all... it's got the greatest graphics
jose xavier : a time killer but not a big deal... and these kinda games are getting outdated ....
diva azalia : beautiful. and i absolutely love the zen mode! aaand the music. too bad there's no cloud save so i couldn't continue to where i left off when i changed my device.
uthman hammed : zen mode with headphones was amazing and i love the game never ever gonna stop playing. masterpiece
ahmet burak ural : the game is very simple yet fun to play. also the zen mode is a life saver for long bus rides, it simply soothes you.
the cloak : its impossible to jump over the chasm in the training at the beginning.oh my god,why put a really hard bit at the start of a game.people will just uninstall it straight away.come on people,all u gotta do nowadays is make a game quick and easy to pick up...not put an impossible bit right at the beginning.god how stupid!!!!!!!!
anukul thakur : the music, the graphics, the seemless animation and gameplay all come together to take you on a spiritual journey. there are short term goals/objectives that are the hook and long-term ones as the character unlocking. it's addicting and in the good way. well and i'm a winamp fan. this also made me change my perception about skiing. thanks.
paul bee : flippin addictive peaceful. it does have some screen alignment issues on my xperia.z3
nouman khan : it has another mode by which you can play freely without thinking about points my recommendation for this game while you using you should use head as the game master also said i add one thing more turn off your room lights then it adds more fun just feel the nature and explore the mountains ^_^
asir sakin : i can play it when i am sad and bore this is not a game but also a healer
aamir belim : i love this game. there are a few glitches and bugs that bother me like a lot of times when i jump and land on the ramp in a good position the character goes right through it and crashes.
gavyn harvey : beautiful game, but i find that when i tap certain options, even tho i hear a click sound confirming my 'tap', it doesn't actually perform the selection i chose.
ankit tiwari : game is designed in such a way that u have to watch ads to complete it.or play the same stage for n number of times for earning their coins
ali ghaleb : gameplay is slightly repetitive, but the game is beautiful to look at at.
ricardo lee : the music and zen mode is the reason i can't stop playing
monk tenant : fantastic experience. gets progressively tougher with each new set of challenges. beautiful design and concept.
shyam bairi : great relaxing and beautiful game. thanks to the developers. please make the sequel more cool, beautiful and amazing.
gabriel fair : my no. 1 favorite game! i haven't played a game so prefect for me in decades
r _ : the game is...awesome!!! i just have a suggestion which is adding some more soothing music in which we can choose from so we don't get bored from the main song. but the songs be the same kind of the main song because it is so good! i hope your really read my suggestion
zaraki kenpachi : so good game i love it so much specialy the music nd the sounds of rain nd storm i think it's great game.
nicola gill : the most relaxing and gorgeous app i've ever played. this gives me hours of enjoyment for such a simple concept. probably the best app i've ever downloaded, thanks devs!
alfie walker : very good game with addictive action and easy to use controls. best game of its type i've seen in ages
a google user : very addictive. one of the best games i have ever played. endless mode could be better
b c : one of the most enjoyable games i've ever played.. and the soundtrack is sooooo soothing and relaxing. fun to play. want the music to purchase.
mayukh sardar : good game! recommend u all to try. u will be more than satisfied! keep up the good work development team!
jake nicholson : great art style, great music, simple concept executed perfectly. possibly the best game on here
keanu regan : love this game got to level 41 but it wont transfer my data to my new phone :c
mark harper : great game all around but how the game looks is weird it looks like also knocks out the llamas as he goes by
lance efron : i am pretty crap at gaming, but i love the graphics and can't stop playing
a google user : love it, love it, love it!!! so easy to pick up and play, but achieving all the challenges is... challenging! gorgeous visuals and sounds make for a great experience. cannot recommend it highly enough!
john barb : please fix the game. when im in the air and i land on a stone i dont crash but when i land in the ramp i crash all the time. please fix. and the jump in the ramp was so difficult during the tutorial it didnt teach us how to jump perfectly in a ramp. i always fell in clif.
james long : zen mode is fun.. would be more fun if you could turn to land right every time.
elliott towlson : as soon as u finish the tutorial and go back ro the menu and start the controls domt work
milan tamang : aww that great graphic, backed by great sound effects, rumbling thunder and splattering rain. this game made me use my earphones and keep game sounds at max.
jamys semmens : the controls sometimes don't respond but apart from that the game is brilliant.
a google user : this app is awsome i played it 24/7 and was addicted after my first run
anggit - : oh well, can't sign in my google account and can't restore my old game!! just force close all the time
kaizer sinclair : i just love the beautiful shadow graphics and great game machanics. the music is nice and relaxing too.
efe eyuboglu : this is the best app ive ever installed. its soothing and relaxing. the music and the view takes you deep in your soul and makes you remember you are a part of the nature. i strongly recommend the zen mode. well done..
vxrusbadwifi : i think that guy that chases you sucks he sould not chase yoy
sameer ahmed : not able to load saved game from google play
priyansh parikh : the best relief i got from this game especially the zen mode. my heart speaks to me that i never felt so alive. there are some small glitches i face otherwise it deserves 5 stars!! keep up the job
ane : i love this game but sometimes the pressing doesn't work, which gets me killed every time
rifat hasan : this game is incredible for mobile. fantastic graphic, amazing sound effect and music... just loved it.
ryan adkins : this game is amazing! it's so peaceful, the graphics make any screen, not to mention my amoled, look amazing! it's easy enough to not be annoying but has enough challenges to not be boring! definitely my favorite game of the year!
noah colvin : no longer syncs progress between devices.
a google user : trying to get the llama with skiing is not an easy jobs especially with an obstacles way a head, a decent game fulfill with outstanding graphics & sounds !!!
ge tin : really loved it, the difficulty of the levels increases smoothly, still remaining addictive. you are going to hate rocks!
j h : i love this game. best way to kill time. a must have app.
dain bramage : fun little game to kill time and braincells simultaneously :-)
pankaj singh : many times games gets hang or do not starts or freeze after watching videos
fivewholeducks : for a mobile game about a snowboarder collecting llamas, this game exceeded all expectations. beautiful art, simple but fun gameplay, and gorgeous music and sound design make this game a solid 5/5.
tnt nl : awesome, awesome game! nothing that's not to love. great gameplay, very nice and relaxed bgm, lovely art and slightly addicting.
joaquin : i love this game it's so epic and you just wanna play it everyday i love it keep up the good work
matthew peter : this game should be boring, repetitive and uninteresting, it's not! it's the opposite, beautiful sound, graphics and gameplay! congratulations on a brilliant game!
andrey fomenko : the screen goes off in the game if not to tap/jump. uncomfortable
vinod thakre : relaxing music and great concept amazing game i just can't say anything i am just speechless.
a google user : it's an amazing game but it's so dark that i can't even see the rocks
cavhive : i can't see rocks ramps trees buildings camp fires and warning bords
bananamander : this game is absolutely beautiful, from the enchanting music to the unforgettably amazing environment to the overall feel of the game itself. one of the best games i've ever seen for mobile!!
sansit low : totally addicted to the zen like music and beautiful sceneries. highly recommend!
animax daisuki : when im playing zen mode this game start rule my mind using beautiful emotional soundtrack and the relaxing background cant stop playing till my battery getting low, you did a great game dev
fatimah hanim : every single cells in my body loved it. great graphics, nice soundtrack and i just love it
l. dellacosta : in another device i was above level 21 with two new characters that weren't alto. i logged into my google play games account and i couldn't transfer my data!
kranthi krupartha : best game ever but why can't you make it multiplayer so that i can play with my friends.
arif sahal : this game makes is so beautiful. with all the sound and music, its just so calm.
ian jacobs : really calm and relaxing, but amazingly fun and beautiful. sometimes the simplist games are the best.
nicholas kassa : awesome graphics, out of this age experience. laughing hard @the studio name noodle cake
reju roy : the zen mode just calms you down. the music is amazing and the visuals are simple and elegant.
mario margiotta : revive function needs work, jump control doesnt work afterwards sometimes
devin zuczek : sort of like line rider, but in endless mode. and you're skiing. great graphics and music, fun challenges.
edward miles : a fantastic game. very addictive very simple. the game i go back to time and again! well done!
kosha hussain : beautiful and calming graphics, borjng gameplay.
remo : perrect combination of action and peace - didn't think that such a thing existed until now.
nehemiah adams : the only thing i like to play in my spare time.
dawn : this game is everything i wanted. you can play it offline, has great graphics, the scenery is amazing, so relaxing, very addictive, and the zen mode was terrific. i spent an hour playing zen mode because the music was amazing. keep it up!
uma sai teja velagala : must and should have game . the music in zen mode is amazing it is creating in game feeling bring more features like this to the game
lisa m : awesome game! a great way to kill time and have a little fun.
a google user : beautiful playing lots of fun i dont see why anybody would hate on it maybe because he is jealous
tarish kamran : when i lose ones in the second try ofen the touch dosent work
a google user : and a bad one, with stuttery graphics.
jake char : the game is fun and when i play the zen mode it puts me to sleep like a baby.
greg johnson : so relaxing really enjoyed zen mode. definetly my favorite game next to terraria and geometry dash.
aayusha pandey : its very aesthetically pleasing and the music soothes your soul. its the perfect mixture of an adventurous and calming game.
damon : the ability to customize your character and change characters would be nice and having more effects would be nice .thanks
patrick voosen : there are a couple different games in this style. this is the favorite i have played so far.
tom mcallister : simple, fun, and very pretty. this game is well made and well presented.
a google user : i never see this high rating so i'm gonna download it
max broster : when i first got my phone in 2015 this was the first app i installed, ever since then i've loved it's graphic, music and simple yet addictive game play. great work guys, awesome
ramix nudles : while this is really really neat, for me,it's a frustrating die-fest. even on the zen-mode, i die over and over and over. not very zen-peace-inducing. but the graphics, sound, concept, and execution are wonderful... i'm just executed. i'd be happy with an endless demo mode, as a charging/desktop wallpaper.
chris m : the most beautiful android game i have ever played. addictive, fun and challenging, this game is brilliant.
tha duke : i seen this on a few youtube vids about fun games for android users and this was at several of their top 3 lists. wow! i completely enjoy this game! it is relaxing, exciting, soothing and pleasing all at the same time.
tenzin wangchuk : liked it from the first day and now updated version is very awesome. love it. i give 5 stars
cody smith : i don't normally like arcade games like this but there is just something about this one, which compelled me to play all of it! haha! the music is really amazing, plus the art work of a background makes the whole experience just serene. i'm definitely going to keep this app waiting for the next update! please make one fast!
yuyu : this game has it all, the graphics, music , the gameplay, everything is great. it is also very addictive, its a shocker that a game like this is for free.
kye : a tucking feature please so you can bomb hills
doug hobbs : love this game, perfect for long journeys. beautifully designed. could do with more variation though.
brian deoliveira : i couldn't stop playing this. love it and just wish the were more accomplishments. oh well, time for zen mode!
aniket rocket : truly ausome game. the coordination of music with game makes the player fell as if he is also present in that locality
charity watson : i love the game because it is awesome and if you tap and hold you get to do a backflip
david dunnagan : wonderful minimalist art style. simple fun game play. it's a diamond in the rough.
vinayak bhargav : i'd give it 100 stars if there was an option. very beautifully made game. just love it!
alexander phiri : it never disappointed me. i feel like playing and playing and playing. really soothes and enriches the mood. well done
devbrat upadhyay : i just love this game. i have rooted my oneplus x only to play this game smoothly. thanks developers...
robin valery : love the game but since i bought a bluetooth headset the game became laggy and the sound is not fluid
gihan kavinda de silva : well relaxing super game when play feeling stressed...games sounds are super realistic and well relaxing...lovo this game so much
kasia rojowska : honestly the best mobile game i ever played, very addicting and a great time killer! no annoying ads and fenomenal style. definetly would recommend to play if you have no wi-fi!!
aayush : the music is mesmeric. i just keep this game working without playing it to just hear the mind melting instrumental magic
faizan khalid : perhaps the best game on playstore the best endless runner with engaging
milestones and beautiful graphics and gr8 gameplay the best part is it's
way to simply yet fun
itsgujjar : i don't know why but this ge truly gives a sense of satisfaction. best in the market right now !!
faith clarke : the gameplay is so beautiful an i love the screen shots you can take, i recomend zen mode for begeners
incorporeal canker : the graphics of the game is really amazing. and the gameplay is very easy. friendly user environment. awesome characters. totally worth it.
tudor munteanu : this is the most relaxing, fun, visually pleasing game i've played on mobile.
gyv 30 : probably the best games i ever played. the music is great and it's so relaxing.
barath_ r : omg the zen mode was too awesome the music and the environment made me fall in love <3 this is so awesome and uplifting for me suffering from depression and stress this is true love
tom de-wilton holmes : animation is beautiful, the graphics in general are beautiful and it's just so nice to look at. it's also so fun and addictive
greg thomsen : perfect game to sit down kill time on.
carlo romulo : the most emotional game ive ever played. the music. the players. even the background. i guess its gonna be the game of 2017. great work!
tushar gaidhane : i love its background music. it feels relaxed after listening it. i am searching for the audio version of the music used in this game.
indranil chatterjee : awesome gaming full hd graphics and best perform and music it's very addictive...
tobias hanggara : the most beautiful game i ever played. playing this game makes me want to go to north :d
james elkins iii : one of my favorite games that i've downloaded! for me to appreciate a game, i love to see neat, simple visuals, great sound, and multiple goals to work toward - alto has it! i just wish they would add more dynamics!
adam neal : visually pleasing game and the zen mode is just beautiful. headphones are a must, great soundtrack.
saifulhaq a : i'm crying while playing this game "play in zen mode"
m. hashimi : it's not trying to be addictive or challenging. very simplistic and relaxing
jennifer lammey : easy story line, great graphics, selection of characters, challenges for incentives, immersive
chris kearney : incredible graphics, can get a little samey after repeat usage.
rahul rajendran : i'm loving the game. especially the zen mode.. the music and the ambience are soothing and takes me into another world.
shaheen bhat : needs improvements like more obstacles front flip.
nikola georgiev : need some minor adjustments and fixes of objects. also a bigger diversity of skills would be great. overall very good game.
mario wilson : i really enjoy this game and would pay for it...the ads are annoying
areej : amazing game! but after the recent update it lags after playing for a while (around the fourth elder). please fix it! thanks
a google user : i really enjoyed this game,i love games with advantures like this.everything in this game is perfect the graphics, the music, the story....and the hole picture( scenery)everything. but now i have reinstalled it and i cant find the other characters,wjere are they?
shaurya sinha : perhaps the most beautiful android game i have ever seen ... redefines mobile gaming
hunter clucas : super relaxing, getting llamas and especially the zen mode, the music is so atmospheric i play this a lot to unwind
gkneale : simple to learn, fun to play and no finger bruising. great graphics and music.
dom : despite the bad ratings this is a genuine personal opinion this game is just amazing to play havnt got bored yet.
almi cowberry : honestly a great game. soundtrack fire tho . plus it reminds me of a much graphic jet pack joyride .
alex r : love the graphics. really relaxing, simple rules and fun to play, and not too hard and not too easy.
cat farris : it's lovely, cute, fun.... but after the first time i play, the game starts to lag harder and harder with each new run, until it is almost unplayable. and i'm on a nexus 5x. this shouldn't be a problem for me.
ishaan kakkar : i don't usually rate games,but this one is a beauty.keep it up and keep going.
ringolds rutkis : i have no idea how to access the zen mode, swiping from the right edge just brings up my navbar
scott richardson : this is a great game that offers so much, well done team keep this good thing going.
scarlet kid : this is by far the best snow boarding game i've played on my phone it's console worthy
sushrut kharate : i enjoyed it too much.no purchasing fuss and no problem creating game
kayleigh stover : amazing game! i heard that a sequal named 'altos odyssey' will come out this year and i'm super stoked
roshan : more characters,stages & levels...i finished it now getting bored wid zen mode
anil patil patil : nothing hard to play. just wanna tap on the screen. it's just amazing spurb
to'lqin bobojonov : zones not enough! please add more new zones places!
b o u l v e l g e i s e r : you know what this game is missing??.... multiplayer.the game is awesome but there is only one thing missing, it needs to have a multiplayer mode.... i would want the dev of this game to have a multiplayer mode because it would be great to compete other players...
tom smith : i love everything about this game, if only more games were like this
tobias svardh : perfect game, but the night cycle is waaay to dark, i can't see anything
divyansh sharma : graphics are awesomely amazing and gameplay is super materialistic. i like the dual combo.
alison wright : i love this game!! the challenges, the graphics, the music, everything. great for kids too
a google user : my phone goes to sleep while playing fix it. mi redmi note 3
dragon fightr : its so cool!! no lags no bugs and no glitches!!! and i playing it everyday and this have so good song
a google user : i really really like this ty for making this at least i have 2 game now this and minecraft ty for very good graphics :)
cody stroud : needs more to upgrade, maybe upgrade the snowboard and make it do different things
rohit kushwah : i loved it! there is no other game like this which is more realistic!!
dhvanit beniwal : this game is simply amazing and worth installing believe me it will really make your day
136 - ragib rownak : it's not awasome, but close to it.. it's not worth 5 star but yes, good game.. the graphics could have been much better
silas waldvogel : while playing maya the elders are bugging around. (please fix it. )
a google user : fab game ..you guys are good at making games wish i could do this
vinayak prasad : it is not the game that you really get addicted to, the music and landscape makes you play it....
dan t : get it and don't get any other game.there should be a sequel
ashu addy : great visuals and awesome soothing music in zen mode... really keep up the good work guys... hope more apps like this exist... make another application... like its successor or something with more music and visuals like this.
robbie reeves : a nice and chilling game very nice can't wait till you make another one
aria cronin : i'm so addicted to this! i love how the gameplay is so smooth and very calming, keep it up!
markus brammer jensen : everything from the music to the scenery and game play is just amazing! can't recommend this enough!
admir brkic : liked it a lot before they updated it recently with mandatory ads.there
were no ads before at all so this is rather dissapointing as it forces you
to buy the premium version to restore the game to how it once was
josh l : it's a amazing game has beautiful graphics and very fun when your bored
stephen fuchs : perfect game but i bought the coin double pack. when i reset my progress i lost it and even after signing out and in again it will not restore my purchase. please fix!!
zarinah noordin : the game made me cry!!the zen mode is very beautiful.keep up the good work noodlecake studio.t his is the greatest art game ever!!must download
alex robert : great game! but lags badly on zte axon 7 mini
t. b. : the game keeps crashing please fix i like playing this game
mzjanis o : i am very impressed with this app.. the main reason i like it is because everyone wins everytime and it continues to be ex-zill-er-a-ting....thank yous all around along with several woo-hoos
prodbyrice : while i need to wait for my turn in a long line i can just play it
a google user : there is nothing to do once i die 3 times in tutorial at that long jump hole
eddleavy miller jr : it is amazing i love this game to be honest this is the longest game i had on my phone since i downloaded it the only issue i have is it starting to glitch a little bite i even played it on my tablet and it is glitching and i was wondering if there will be a update soon to see what is wrong because i don't want to uninstall it this game is amazing by far one of the best for mobile gameplay
jina zarifis : would give it 5 stars if everything i had wasn't lost, including purchases.
crispy : i don't know why but im stuck on a level and even though i did the requirements, it's not recognizing it for some reason? please fix this. also sometimes the characters stop jumping at all and then i have to shut the app down and reopen it
bossman : sooooooooo fun i can not stop playing it really good for when i am bored i highly recommend getting this if you have nothing to do so epic!
soumaan : iike it, it's a relaxing game to play not much intesaty need no problems, glitch's, or adds. download it! won't regret it.
salman ghouri : this is the one of the best games i've ever played with relaxing music. well done developers.
brooklyn jinxx lee : alto's adventure is a must play for all ages, it is also very addictive as well.
abdallah aberouch : probably one of the best games for smartphones. entertaining, extremely beautiful and zen mode will help you relax.
double cheeseburger : the game is great in general but if you added a story to it, it would make the game so much better and you would also be giving the players a more interactive way to play for example there could be decision making to but i understand if you want to keep the game as it is. still great game
joynal abdin : the zen mode is so peaceful no wonder it's so peaceful you can tap and he or she comes back to life but in zen mode when i want to stop it does not let me stop and use the original
john hagerty : fun and addicting game, but could you add an option to put the wingsuit icon on the right side of the screen the way you did for the pause button?
michelle campervan queen : by far one of the best games i have ever played no ads great graphics what more do u want ?
kughan kabir : dear team, kindly implement zen mode to play without any distructions...
angela gridley : i go in the game black screen for half a second and then back to home screen
mert balbal : this game is beautiful and soothing. the scenery, the sounds, the background music are wonderful. i really liked this game
rayan adhikary : waaaaao.its too good.this is the best game ever.just download it and start playing.its too good.i recommended to everyone.trust me its too much good
ehtisham mehmood : i love this game cz of its adventures and weathering areas...
abhijeet kirtane : thank you ryan cash, brian crawford, harry nesbitt, jordan rosenberg and andrew schimmel for giving us such a wonderful game. liked every bit of it.... not a single glitch. loved the zen mode and it's music score. really makes my day whenever i play. keep it up guys; keep making great games. regards, abhijeet.
davidito bridges : good game to take my mind of everything that is happening around me.
neha : alto,s adventure is amazing its beautiful and many others things
maksim gurskiy : i like this game, but is there any way to like hold him down before a jump to get more height? and how do you get away from the dude on the horse?
f : the mechanics of the game are pretty good and simple and the game overall is really well made. 40 ducks out of 10
abi nubli : this endless game never punish you. fall? want to continue the run? just watch the ads. didn't i mention it has gorgeous graphic and ux?
matthew ng : to beautiful! and i feel bad for ios users who have to pay... just kidding!
benginald clocker : its a fun game! but recently it has a problem everytime i open the app, the gui is gone. what should i do? if you have a time to read this its fine great game! its beautiful!
finley macdonald : clocked it took me a year make it harder more levels please!!
daniel rundkvist : this is love. growing up on games and seen how complex they've become, and hard to match all criteria, this takes me back through beauty and simplicity. thank you so much!!
hans credo : this game is great game and i love it,i think it's gonna be better you add some equipment and materials on this game and again it's a nice game i will wait until next update
tammana sesha manikanta : music,snow sound,day nd night.it is just a game to relax u at any cost.
nightstar 101 : the game plays really well, and it looks good too! but there isn't enough speed for going on the ramps, making it difficult for me to get up! good game and all but hard to play it.
dink denk : mind blowing game so far.. so relaxing. can't stop playing
the metatron : cool past time killer, needs to be able to keep going if you lean to far back out of flip and also a turbo button if you rack up enough points
shane currie : awesome graphics with simple controls makes it fun as all hell, and zen mode is nice to just practice without worrying about dying
lazy hylocereus undatus : i went to repair my phone and i found out that i need to start all over after i reinstalled this game!
hayden stone : i love the zen mode in this game it's so nice to just sit down and relax while playing such a great game!!
shaad anwar : this is one of the most soothing game i've played on an android device ever. this game is fast. light. easy. relaxing and a great great time pass with an outstanding eyegasmic view behind!
leonardo tjuatja : this is so relaxing games in my life (no joke) 5 star noodlecake studios
a google user : minimal and beautiful. loved everything from the gameplay to the graphics and oh the music, it's just too good. zen mode is the best.
jaden lutz : you're welcome to do it again soon as i am going to be a good day for the next time you are not the same
poppie orchardland 2666 : like i said, i love the game. its the fact that its not free on iphones that i don't like. other than that its a great game!
sattyaki ray : this game didnt work in bluestark it stops after some time
riddled squiddles : it has porn adds i dont recommend for young kids
nikhil yadav : tutorials every day time i start the game
sanjula senarathna : everythings cool in zen mode but the sound of grinding the flags and roofs break all the zen and ruin it... so consider it... thank you.. personally love the game alot
krishna kumar : fun and relax at the same time,loved the graphics( background music and scenery just awsm)
igle mdoza : i like this game very much music and visual keep me relaxing..great game
chris lamb : my favourite game on mobile (edit : cloud sync isn't working between nexus 6p, nexus 7 and my nvidia shield tv via the android tv version; is this a known bug and is a fix in the works?)
caleb mcmillen : don't waste your time installing. the entire point is to make you fall in fewer than 60 seconds. distractions everywhere, no time to react, now it's totally dark? okay... the gravity mechanics are against you; your speed and momentum look great, you think you'll over-shoot this jump, but you inexplicably slow down mid-air and... you guessed it, "advert, pay, or restart" (chump)
natalie ngonela : i love it, i love it, i love it, especially the soothing music! but one
request: please make the night cycle a bit brighter, because i can't see
what i am doing when i'm outside or near light. also, please fix the "watch
video" option; it doesn't work.
callum ford : its alot better then temple run it's got relaxing music and the graphics are extremely well done
ritesh kr. gupta : game is addictive and great fun to play. once in a while watch video feature doesnt works.
lochana pahalawatte : after resetting the phone i discovered that the game doesn't restore my progress from play games, even though all my achievements show up on play games.
chicken boi : altos adventure is one of the most beautiful games i've ever seen, i love it
borislav ivanov : the game is so relaxing! p.s. please change the sound when the board is on the rope with flags this is so annoying.
jv clemente : the game itself is a masterpeice!! music is very relaxing i cnt take off my headphones. looking forward for more soothing music and costumes in the future or even new rides. thanks and goodjob devs hands down
verity nash : this game is utterly stunning. so beautiful in so many ways. one of the rare treasures of the gaming world.
given ramadhan : i really loved the zen mode. the graphic really did the job. but it had to be more than saving llamas.
pablo : this is perfect for long car rides. you should make a music playlist just so you could relax
terra blake : this is a great game stragity, patience and that's all you need it's similar to hill climb
sayantan kundu : the music of zen mode is very soothing! the game is also awesome! loved it! but while watching a video to get coins, the game stops. plz fix this!
gregory richardson : it looks cool, but the game play really kinda sucks.
a google user : its one of the best game. it's in the top of my list. music,graphics and scenes are very best!
alex doja : fun and relaxing to play, time seems to pass 2x as fast playing this. would recommend to anyone.
yuan wijaya : please add a stage mode. and sound must be improved, sometime in my redmi note 3, game is bit lag
jcw ljs12 : 1=really great game, 2=the idea of zen mode is really cool please add more modes 3= enjoyable and relaxing music!
engr. john aeron aquino : i hope more stage more tricks and more mission i hope all mission is very hard and please altos need wearing like.shoes need any collor
the consortium ltd. : this game is peace of mind, activate zen mode, put on your headphones, get lost in paradise! absolutely stunning!
eric johnson : just wish i could swipe to do more tricks. just 1 trick is boring. dear @noodlecakestudiosinc. please add more tricks..
geo r. t. : delightfully pleasant music, simple and gorgeous graphics that any age group would appreciate
the gamers : i like this game but in this game i didnt know what to do
j o : truely brilliant but phone crashed and cant restore purchases. help
shawn bulle : between the scenery and the mechanics of this game, it's great! i'd definitely like to see more content in the future, such as a bluetooth or wifi race mode, and more characters or power ups. overall, a visually stunning and fun game!
a google user : good game but pay attention because it's a little bit hard
carlos santos exposito : i just, love it, the sounds are orgasmic and the ads don't do bad you gaming experience, just, the best, better than paid games
shakthi shamruth : avalanche and forest fires can be introduced in the game
dsdav!d plays! : it was ok but i hate the rock 1 star
dave dreamer : having to start over from scratch after update
joram gachanja : one of the most simplistic and intriguing games i have seen on android. had me trying to clear 11 levels a day.
ps4 derpy scauce : it's pretty good i would like it more if it had animation and do more tricks you could do
taitafe leifi : love the graphics and the skills the only thing i hate is no front flips
teyk nacing : i love this game but i absolutely despise nighttime. it's so dark and i can't see rocks.
ujjwal kumar jha : awesome game but have to take a star due to lack of features and persisting watch video glitch
raja mishra : best game ever.. loved it ,so peaceful and relaxing.specially the music and graphics,never gonna uninstall it.
malcolm s grant : beautiful graphics and context make this easy on the eye and smooth to play.
vedavati natu : the games you make are just brilliant. the zen mode is just ....it made my day. #thankyounoodlecake
mrherudark : i have had this game for months and it is a good game. it is an amazing time killer and the music is very soothing
akash das gupta : love at first site......wht an ossam background music and scenes , beautiful graphics , smooth gameplay and the zen mode is just marvelous ! and very high level controls ...i recommended every one to download it and enjoy .
aurora : it really hooks you in and it is a very good game. i play it all the time and enjoy it. the graphics, music and the overall idea is amazing. love it!
mimi ciero : i love the graphics, challenges and perspective to the gameplay. thank you for making this amazing game!!
jaitra vardhan : i tried to restore my game progress through play games profile but its nor restoring
hamzah bin saif : this thing here is poetic and gives the gamer an abstract feeling of peace(zen mode) and awe.
punch0211 : i love the music, it's beautiful and the background is amazing and i don't say that about other games
pranjal lakra : it's 200% much better than other endless games and talking about in-game music.... damn so peaceful
koushik karmakar : this game is so relaxing, the music is soothing. i love it
sarthak sharma : it's a great game to relax with its mood making sounds and changing weather.
shubham vetale : apparently the most beautiful game i've ever played.
ram kumar : design quality is good. but the rock in night is not visible in the gameplay .
tuku karuan : please load more levels. i am completed all the levels. its so easy & one of the best game. thanks developers.
matthew makowiecki : i love the game but to me my favorite part is the music i love the music. i play this game when i'm stressed, sad, or mad. i love it
camilo morrice : in photo mode each new photo overwrites the last one
holly eardley : i love this game. it's brilliant to play and the graphics are unbelievably good. i would strongly recommend it. i am 12 and that is what i think
adam morley : i like it. but why do you need to restart when you've completed the the tasks in the level? just done level 5 - i should be able to go straight into doing the next tasks, not having to crash or quit. fix this and it'll be great.
killian griffin : great game, but doesn't sync progress. reinstalled and lost everything. not worth it to replay.
mashud iqbal : this game is just amazing with natural scenarios and background music. graphics, physics everything's satisfying.
orange man : i didn't imagine how peaceful is to play the zen mode. just amazing.
fernando orozco : it is a wonderful game i love it , the music is so sad , good song the mode zen is amazing! good game !
ric : just following the route and listening the music, i can sleep calmly
joandy martinez : this is an excellent choice for a great game, it contains everything you need! great graphics, amazing story, and addictive.
andrey vakarin : cannot stop playing. simple yet challanging.
ajay s : all are good... except: night is too dark to see the obstacles
a google user : it is a good game because it is a stress reliefer
abu talha : this game is very peaceful and the music makes it very toughi. more over its very fun,easy and challenging.ithis game.
chilukuru sashank : one game that relieves stress out of you in many unknown yet wonderful ways...you just go through a magical time when you play this...get lost in the mountains and enjoy this lovely ride!!
harsh shah : truely a piece of art.
athena yau : this is brilliant! loved it very much, thank you for such great game! hope you guys can develope more similar nice games.
tayelar moscal : there's different characters, challenges, and areas as you progress your adventure :-)
aiman nazlan : there is not much bad stuff about it. just wished that you flip a bit faster....
jorge galindo : it has an astounding environment, and is very fun to play. i like this game a lot.
hayds : the animals give me a hard on. women saw me play it.
seiywnick : great graphics and the sound is so calm. let's enjoy it. have a good game :)
a google user : i've tried reinstalling this app a few times but each time i open it it crashes after the first screen. am i missing something as i can't see any similar complaints?
sabyasachi sadhu : loved the game, very nice graphics amazing gameplay . if any one wants to play a adventure game play this....
charles scanlan : one of the best games i've played on my mobile for a long time
milos milohanovic : amazing and fun game! almost beat everything. only downside is the "grinding" but it's not too bad.
manuel amalraj : graphics, music, sound effects and all are awesome. especially, i love zen mode.
johnny kang : dafuq, there is a glitch in the tutorial already.. (i cant pass tutorial) fix it please.
izak schmidlkofer : i can not put the amazing graphic, music, and game play combination into words
jim mars : nice fun game that is good for as little 1 minute or as long as you want to play. always different.
hasan ege atal : this is a perfect game and has epic controls but when i watch video to earn coins the game crushes please fix
sharan acharya : i rated this game because it is very easy to handel and very funny mind refreshing and it is edietor's choice
ant b : that is all! i got lost in zen mode.
liyana zaini : best therapy after a hectic day in office
sahil khan : this is lot of fun lot of experience of place
tejas bhagat : the soothing music makes game play more exciting. i play this game for when i'm tensed..it makes me relax!
thambi sm : the music is serene and the landscapes mesmerising. just a feeling of happiness and solitude. nice game. the music is soothing and relaxing.
habeeb onawole : the zen mode is awesome. just make sure you have a pair of great earphones.
raimon williams : this game is great friend showed me it and i was like bruhhh ima download it and boom fell in love with it instantly!! it's a must get game ^^
malique al-shabazz : almost perfection - this game is so soothing and calming and just amazing, but the sound of when your grinding gets rid of the soothing vibe. could you change it?
tanvir chahal : amazing experience honestly. the levels are so gripping you will never stop playing it
brian chung : other items accept game coins to pay for upgrades. why is the coin doubler different? it asks for my credit card...
gourav nama : it is awsummmm. i tried many games but it is better than every game on google play
iwan_aizakku : i really love this game so much especially the zen mode which helps me to relax :d
sako mardiros : heart warming game best best besttt visuals ever best view amazing music amazing all should download i swear
radu bertesteanu : one of the best mobile games ever, even if yu don't like games
izz rainy : this is incredible. i've never seen anything quite like it in terms of amusement and... well, everything.
angela amoako : you can't save your data with google play, so can you please add the option of singing in with facebook? ( i have 2 games that i save my data with facebook and it works well ) cause i was on level 21 and now i have to start over which isn't that bad, but when i get to level 60 and have to start over i will be pissed!!!! so please let facebook save your data!!!!
raul alejandro avila gonzalez : something you don't look for when searching a nice game, but it's very good. don't know how to explain but zen mode is so comfortable...
leigh mcnerney : great game. very simple but difficult to master.
trushal a : a very beautiful game with a calm gameplay. beautiful graphics, music is good, controls are good...in all a great experience!
sagoe fred : this game is so peaceful and relaxes the body after some stress and the music is so good.
vinnuban b : please update this game with more characters, sceneries and music to select with. thank you for creating a wonderful game like this love this game!!!!!
james reese : good graphics and fun game play, gets boring pretty quickly
divyansh malviya : this is a very relaxing and comfortable game. i will give it 10 stars if it had option of 10 out of 10 stars.
jujubee _galaxy : game was fun but trying to backflip was so difficult to land and and nighttime was even worse without any light you're just barely able to make out hardly anything in the dark
ishu chaturvedi : i love the the game but the most awesome thing is that the graphics and animations are great
ed timothy palermo : loading screen takes too long to load? i mean the alto screen sometimes takes minutes or even never... gonna reinstall and see if problem persists. lost all progress and no way to get it back... too bad, i almost had my jumpsuit
matthew bowes : beautiful design and not to mention the relaxing sound track but they are kinda coping ski safari a little bit but other than that it's my favorite game that's ever been made!!!
devesh kamath : it's not a cool game guys, believe me..." its super cool!!! " , you will be relaxed and amazed by the artwork, its simple game with no tension. unlock new characters, do upgrades and catch those animals! just so simple and fun. its a award winning game
o mt : i rarely ever write reviews but i feel like this game truly deserves one. it is such a beautiful game with chilling music, simple - but elegant visuals, and time crunching fun! in short it is... amazing...
hardik som : yes! this is the game, which every gamer should download, beautiful, dangerous, simply, and gona loved it.
duke lynus : can you guys add some more music to the game ? and please try to bring up an update with one or two new charecters, levels, etc. other than that, its a good game.
nahar p : simple game with a blissful ambience. put on headphones and be lost in altos world by playing zen mode.
runa das : nice graphics nice gameplay nice controls nice physics and nice challenges so what more does it needs
jen mcclellan : so fun! can play for a few minutes or an hour... it needs an additional song choice tho. just the one gets repetitive.
adam ling : as soon as i started to play this game i was hooked the gameplay the graphics are simple but the game is just incredible. i love it
jeac fraust : the addition of zen mode is the best thing ever!
kavish diwan : some time jump is not working then in the next game it starts working automatically 2nd issue that i am facing is when game is started some time not able surf on the board as it fells down own it own without pressing the screen to jump hope team will be able to reproduce the same
cj : this game is hella fun! this game won't let you down. its so fun !great time killer too.
bboy sudhan : good graphics and the free mode is awesome that free mode music makes us relaxing.great game recommend to all.....
tikhon glum : great! amazing gamelan as well as graphics and music. nice way to rest, especially in zen mod.
thomas stubbe : best use of commercial videos in a game i've seen so far! great graphics, fun to play and relaxing! only downside: there should be more moves/skills
ismail hossain : actually this game is quite good but not best,if they added more something it would be better!!!
reee maximus : nice game,and the best graphics
hung bui : do not skip stupid tutorial like that, i can't handle tutorial and it stuck forever 1 star for that
karen rogers : beautiful and with well-paced goals. also infinite tries. alto and his gang are invincible!
mr david : this game is awesome! graphics 10/10, you can surf forever and new characters + upgrades! this game is awesome!
chris wallace : it won't usually let me revive alto, but other than that, it's fantastic.
stefan bogdanovski : the best game ever, left me speechless. just one word, wow!
gangster vicky : i never played such a interesting game
twitchy clinard : the combination of beautiful, soothing music with smooth graphics makes this game fun and relaxing.
ar gaming : amazing graphics and sound effects and lighting
kyle maddox : once you gain the experience of the game, it is one facinating and entertaining game play and high addictive
payal dancer : this game is the perfect example of 'small is beautiful' ! the background views, sound effects are so damn good ! and the music omfghjdlosnjoekkkl....the music is ace! i'm absolutely in awe of this game! despite of being just under 60mb, its more enjoyable than many of 'em 1.5gb games! must download !!
rakesh sachdeva : it is the best game i have ever played ...... the rain is the best part of all. strictly use headphones for this game. stress buster
vanshaj kapoor : this game is perfect 5 star game!! no flaws what so ever.... the atmosphere of game is delightful to watch.... surely one of the best games of android.
adam jackson : beautiful game but needs a bit of an update to keep it exciting as gets a bit samey after a while. maybe a sequel? also dont see the point in gathering points or lamas!
romeu holanda : i can't recommend this game enough. beautiful.
jens kraft : jumping over chasms way too difficult...
chief pauk : zen mode is the most relaxing thing i've ever experienced.
vinayak singh : background music is sooo good...graphics n all are simple yet addictive
kemryge : my second language is welsh so this is really good for adding a rare language like cymraeg.
pavithra pradeep : it's a really simple and amazing game. one of the best mobile games. however, drains battery!
govind kendre : purely it's addicted game plus point it's music it's feel relaxed ..
a google user : yes. everyone should get it! and it is free! it is an amazing game and really fun and addictive.
thegreatcornholio cornholio : i love the art style and the whole story is great and i like how it is just like a game where you just relax and enjoy the mountain and scenery.
wilhelm : i just wanted to say i liked the game if i have any complaints it would be that you always land face up aka you never get your face in the snow, its a small little thing but it bugs me a lot lol
enya : why should you get this game? 1. the music is beautiful and amazing 2. it's really simple and fun 3. graphics are awesome 4. zen mode allows you to relax and just...play
flavius vacaru : it's basically amazing, for shure the best mobile phone game i've ever played!
amy r : i love playing zen mode on this game. but maybe some distance markers on the slope or something? it'd be good to know how far you'd got in a run.
oliver ruivivar : i really thank the developers of this game its sooo awsome and pls make some more
akash mishra : i simply love this game...background music n scene is so nice and serene...and if u just want to get lost, play in zen mode...love this game...thank u fr presenting with such an awesome art! <3
djelibean : don't change a thing. this game truly is a masterpiece. great time killer too.
bear empress : i can't not sing the praises of alto's adventure. i was instantly hooked by the simple yet adorable aesthetic aspect of the game. i love the simplicity of the controls! what keeps me coming back are the goals. it adds a bit of challenge that's totally optional, but also necessary if you want to unlock new characters. in three weeks with this game, i've already unlocked izel (the third unlockable character), but it feels like i've genuinely earned it. i absolutely adore this gem of a game!
matthew hiorns : great game. it looks really good and had an excellent soundtrack. would definitely recommend.
peter mitchell : this game is amazing it almost made me cry this deserves 2 million stars
alan clarke : easy to start, but with ongoing challenges
senarath : i am really like this game. so addictive and fun. recommending for everyone
john renold ricasa : by far, this is the best app i have ever played. in my opinion, surpassing some games in other consoles. :-)
yuhara : great visual, nice music, awesome gameplay, no ads unless you need coins, not pay to win. man this game is awesome!!
arav tewari : this game deserves a 5 stars. i'm always playing zen mode on my way back from school and it just makes me relax. just amazing.
pog heiter : soo awesome,smooth and simple gameplay,relaxing music,beautifull graphic....i love this game so much
akemi stormborn : i love this game! but honestly, without the beautiful music, it would have been boring. but the lovely game along with the beautiful music made it !
zohaib mushtaq ahmad : mobile screen turns off during game play... not good
a7med mostafa : i've never seen a game that buety in my life
ashik : itz really a very gud game everyone must play it...
shmuel h. : amazing and relaxing game. for the one who invented the zen mode: you're awesome!
jean-luc pfandler : never annoys you with advertisements, nice music calm atmosphere, just a game to play anytime!
mark taylor : awesome game! very addictive and quick to learn. wonderful graphics as well.
chazman x draw : this game is so good and it will take you to a place so relaxing.
lancelot m : i love this game really,but after i watched a video to revive alto,alto was stuck in the mid-air,hope to fix it asap
jamie strachan : took me a good few weeks to complete all the missions and was great fun.
chunky craftz : there is nothing to describe this as it is truly an eye opener and it is awesome
phil : this is an excellent way to relieve stress on short bursts.
a google user : amazing! very soothing and a great time killer. i absolutely adore this
game and its music.
hiren ambekar : i really loved the music in zen mode!! its really immersive music!! you don't realize that you've been playing for a long duration!! great game!!
a google user : just wow. amazing game, mind blowing stuff i didn't expect from this free, wifiless, and small app
florian cernescu : it has been a pleasure playing through this game, thank you very much!
arthur hinojosa : takes your mind off stressful things
waylander anarant : just a masterpiece of gaming, this music, lamas and mountains doing their work!
sudhanshu kumar : the only problem is ads. overall awesome game
drew macgilleon : great game, amazingly addictive.
a google user : by far the most amazing game i've come across in the free mobile gaming industry. and that zen mode, truly serene. props to the developers, stunning work you guys!!!
tory marting : this is, simply put, a gorgeous game. light and airy, with satisfying (and time-killing) gameplay, i would gladly pay for this game. wearing earbuds, i keep thinking there's thunder outside. it's fantastic. =)
the greengamer : i cant believe this is free the music is great and the art style is awsome
rainbow paper crane : this is still my favorite game ever! the music is so relaxing and beautiful, and the graphics are great. i love the idea of having goals to complete, but also having zen mode so i can just enjoy the relaxing music. i love this game!!!!
subhankar dey : love the game. such a clean ui and wonderful simple game.
a google user : what a gem. simple, entertaining and engrossing. everything you want or need, i can't get enough. zen mode is a real bonus too. can't fault it anywhere.
paul fletcher : this game really stands out, playable and visually stunning!
behiza bilgen benli : this was one of the games which made me feel lighter in the dark days.
a google user : the f***ing l o n g nighttime mode messes everything up. incredibly annoying! please sort this out (shorter or adjust- or even choose able) and right away: 5 stars!
daniel s : simple, relaxing game with a beautiful art style and great music. and it's completely free!
yerchan tatyosian : one of my favorite games these days.
a google user : everything about this game is amazing! it's super addicting, and the music and graphics are absolutely beautiful!
nick armstrong : some goals seem ridiculous even though i eventually get them, but i have smashed 2 rocks in one speed boost 3 times and haven't gotten the goal crossed off! what the h?
fi hasan : one of the best running game. u can see shooting stars and wish, lol
april a : absolutely addictive. my friend let me try it on his phone. i couldn't wait to play it more. opened all the way to izel...fun way to pass time..
akhil p : the music speaks maaaannnn!!!. incredible music on earth. loved the weather effects-especially the thundering effectsss......thunder sounds""""""""" the graphics are awesomeee. no words to even explain how i enjoyed ittt. a small infant goes to deep sleep with a 1 min track play.. hats off to the artist. thanks for the best ever game that i played from my childhood..... my sincere thanks to the noodlecake studios for offering such a beautiful fantastic game..... if i would be a poet i would really
thelegend27 : this games beautiful atmosphere and stunning music will keep this game in your mind as it did mine
chanfrogs : this is a great game that is very relaxing!!
aleksander szubert : looks good, but boring after 5 minutes.
keiron ingram : i can't belive how good it is its absolutely free and it's good
lai ling berthoud : honestly one of the most beautiful, immersive games i've played in a long time, i love it
sha ahammed roze : my favorite part of the game is the zen mode, love the soundtrack.thank you for making this game. :')
manoj s : best game i've ever played. the music and graphics are great to see
shahbaz talpur : i really love this game. thanks to developer's for making such a wonderful game
steven xia : i frequently failed while been distracted by the view.
terence lee : simple yet great graphics, topped with a fantastic soundtrack!
galen h : best mobile game i've found. simple premise, good graphics, great gameplay.
poonam singh : it's a game which takes us in some another world which is beautiful!!
si carter : great for chilling out but also challenging - those triple flips, man...
anirban mukherjee : fantastic music, good graphics and requires skill. all ingredients to call it the perfect game.
justus george : this is one of the rare beautifully crafted game on play store that u can get....everything is so beautiful an soothing to the eyes about this game...keep it up devs and try to make the app even more amazing...:-)
zac fischer : now it force quits every time i try to own it. i loved this game, very atmospheric & fun. such a shame...
tarun chaudhary : one of the best mobile games. easy to learn difficult to master.
18_me_306_naveen kumar k r : really awesome one don't forget u r ear phone during zen mode
a google user : this app is sooooooo addicting, but also sooooooo fun.
fernando ibanez : cant see night time mode, uninstalled.
glossy yoshi : this game is morw than five stars ! especially the music and the graphic!
msbrowny05 msbrowny05 : i'm addicted i this game. i have it on all of my devices.
chauncey shaw : the whole concept and structure is amazing. love the art. i can play forever!
scheele : this is a very interesting and well designed game, and i recommend it!
zeus : awesome concept and very soothing and exquisite background! absolutely loved it! worth playing!
patrick plante : this one is a keeper, i keep coming back months later.
reza d. luffy : the hell happened!! already lv. 53 and.it's gone.. pooff.. i started from the beginning (again).. i already connect to play games.. wth happened?? damned... what is the purpose it's get connected to play games then?? you should implemented cloud save... i don't like this.. uninstall!! cursed you noodlecake you suck..
brinton johnson : great graphics, great physics, another great noodlecake studios game!
jadon arey : the gameplay is absolutely beautiful and the backround music is inspiring. great job noodlecake studios!!!
leif duncan urdaneta : my battery went from 44% to 34% with just 5 mins of playing. and that's with nothing else being turned on (no wifi, bluetooth, etc). the game was great, but i just can't play it.
waleed afzaal : the game is beautiful. just a little higher fps and it'll be waaay better!
quitano gonzalez : really enjoy this game. it's relaxing and the best time killer.
es degan : i love this game. it so beautiful and soothing. the zen mode is the best.
aden perkins : amazing graphics, sound quality, everything. i'm a sound designer and the sound and music in this game is 100%
keshav chander shori : the background music, the sceneries, the visuals, everything is so soothing and very relaxing.
a google user : i like the beautiful game ever this is so great game ever like i love this game so much you are a genius this man should be a millionaire lots lots and lots of money u should have a l manchtion like i love this game so much it inspire me so much
a google user : the game is great but they should add this thing were you can make your own levle
martynas kvietelaitis : wedum boise ... but its really nice. one of the best games i ever played.
long change : i just love this game,i have not stopped playing this game since i installed it like 2 months ago.whenever i feel stressed,i just plug my headphones into my ears and start the zen mode.i think i once played the zen mode for a whole straight 2 hours!!!!.i think this is the only app that has a permanent residence in my superphone,just one suggestion....don't let this game die....keep adding new players,maps and more props like maybe a jetpack....the sky's the limit for you guys
mai erb : it's kind of a useless time passer, but at the same time it's fun.
tessa silversides : so much fun. love unlocking new characters
marian lakomcik : very nice, graphic and sound is awesome with simplicity. this game has spirit..
saqib nadeem : this is by far over of the best games on google play! simply beautiful!
april ranta : it's offline! i have had this game for awhile and i just love it!
j c : i just don't get this game. just really tedious. i can't see rocks coming half the time so boop... start over again. and again. maybe it gets better?
kazzi hozzain : one of the most fun mobile games i've ever had the pleasure to indulge in
flynn smith : what a wonderful game, my favourite by far!
piyush prashant : just go for it. you will absolutely enjoy playing this.
gary short : so simple, yet such addictive fun!
mirry mirry : it's fun and great! i can also play without wifi
gireendra achaibar : like a nerd id say this game is freaking kool
anusha karthikeyan : such a beautiful game with amazing visuals and a good concept.
aditya singh : all my progress in this game has been reset. why can't it load my progress from play games when it supports it? reply asap.
lysette lopez : although, another game mode would be nice
nallagonda lakshmi adithya : this game is both addictive and relaxing at the same time. loved it!
paul kavo : great game , great soundtrack and responsive controls, a truly stand out mobile game.
k aditya : the music and the game play are just superb ! music is mesmerising
mochammad fathi : graphic and art-style is good! music ambience is greaaat!!
adilson somensari f. : this game is just awesome. great visuals, sounds and scenery. totally recommend!!!
pluto : i hate it so much its annoying
howar31 : audio stuttered a lot while playong with bluetooth headset
ian damant : simply elegant with beautiful graphics. i've really enjoyed spending time on this.
afsheen ashraf : can't wait to play as a llama
cakra abimanyu : this game is really really amazing and i really love it alot. the music is relaxing and the graphic is really amazing.
ethan : this game has good graphics, the music is amazing, and the game is relaxing.
dillon h : love this game! it had me playing for hours.
sahitya beri : a great game to let your brain relax. love it!
shibalik roychowdhury : the game has a very good graphics and the creatures are looking very good
tyce kootstra : highly entertaining. fun to master. and it never gets to crazy hard.
tuyet le : i like everything about this game, especially the music.keep up the excellent work!
a google user : how does someone make 2d look soo beautiful?... this game is freakin beautiful...the background transitions are flawless and seamless...always jaw breaking.... the only reason i die is because i keep getting distracted by how good it looks. the gameplay is simplistic yet addictive and it works.... and thanks for the zen mode... wait...wheres the strings attached? aha! i paid 6.99 fo- wait.....its free? hah..well, i bet there's tons of micro transactions.....no? non of those either? wow...ok.. psh, the minute i play this online, tons of advert- no? non of those either?......well damn....
zakaria amrani : the best game ever , i love the music and the graphics , it's really enjoying
gwen ojeda : i play it when i'm stressed and my mind just relaxes. very addictive and fun.
a google user : it's wonderful if your plying it for a short amount of time
tan au kit : some times cannot pick up powerup and coins!
a google user : engaging objectives. beautiful graphics. relaxing music. just the right game to unwind and pass time.
adeline able : this game is a must have for anyone. the graphic design is incredible, and the music is fantastic. great job!
pat b : brilliant little game, passes time well and good fun.
robert wilkinson : i'm seriously addicted to this game, i need help.
evildouggie12 gaming : it is a great sress reliever if u play the the endless mode.in all i love it
shrey bahuguna : that was an awesome game, so is this.
anandhu us : need a calm mind you ill never find a good place
shepherd y : the game is beautifully done. and the soundtracks... ohh the soundtracks are just the best
kashifayyan khan : its an awesome game ive played till now! the sound, graphics, and the controls are just soo awesome. loved it
chisty khan : very nice and lovely . game graphics is very good . well features . background music is lovely and super .
adil moin : it's not only game it's more then thinks
michael angelo sison : its annoying that then phone light suddenly goes off!
salma hassan : one of the best games i've ever played its nice calming and the settings beautiful
e b : this game is awesome, from the animation to the soothing music and scenery, everything about this game is great!
aneesh nair : the music and scenery reminds me of me playing journey in my old ps3 years ago!
cameron putman : best mobile game i've played in my life.
elma nafrada : fantastic soundtrack and ambiance. no sky lanterns during rain, please.
nauman ahmed : beautiful locations..and nice music! just doubles the fun
benjamin phillips : just an amazing game to just sit back and chill out to. it looks and sounds fantastic.
vishvanath u t : it gives me peace of mind and relaxation. i feel awesome.
gajendiran : i never witnessed such a game before.
spoderman 116 : it makes me feel relaxed ! make mote games like this please.
ram kumar reddy : beautiful game, so simple and so intelligent in its design.
don kaveen : brought back good old flash games days. lovely interface graphics and music..
sonicgroove : i first played this game in the apple store and 5 minuets into it i knew i just had to download it on my phone
alex428 : it's really addicting and fun. you can do backflips
sourabh kamble : its just amazing. nice work done by artists
mario nathaniel : one of the most beautiful games i've played so far.
daniel coelho : the graphics are beautiful and i love the day-night cicle.
krishnakumar m : visuals, soundtrack, the locale, gameplay, day night cycles. loved it. slide down the slope during sunrise - amazing.
day hop : it'd be really cool if you guys added a "beach mode" within this game so we could sled on the sand!!!
oliver coyle : this app is the best cartoon ski game out there :-d
tony virili : simple controls. tons of fun. plenty of options. beautiful to look at. music and sound complement it perfectly. excellent production overall.
vaeh : this game is so fun and i love the background and how it changes
reni reyes : gameplay is easy to learn and really entertaining. best app to spend the time!
ahmed amr : awesome! i love it so much. it's like giving me relaxation
d k : to be honest this is the best game i've ever played.
agnes lau : great graphic and amazing background music! definitely worth a 5 star rating.
james hynes : the visuals look amazing.
harry pinder : i think this game is very fun to play. would recommend.
saleem afridi : the zen mode is even relaxing. love the game so much.
dec0de : it is like poetry ,beautiful and relaxing
ferhat s : i logged in to google play on my old phone and i already unlocked tupa and bought things, but here on my new phone where are those? why do i go back to lvl 5?? please fix it, i want to play alto again
sajid rahaman : just awesome. everything is just perfect. the game of relaxation. five star just worth it.
elia marcatelli : awesome game, but i would like some acceleration physics.
aadil diwan : its really a great experience to play this game.i usually never rate any app but after playing this game i felt i must appreciate the efforts of developer.the graphics view of mountains,trees,changing weathers, day-night cycle & a deep relaxing background music takes you into a magical journey.but few improvements can be made like trees in towns decorated with blue red green christmas lights & few snowman will make game look even more attractive !
a google user : a game that doesn't glitch or make me super mad yay
rob molloy : less fun, rip off of ski safari.
harsha bv : graphics and background music is nice, refreshing game.
robin swift : really charming graphics, very pleasant controls and flow.
sam gilley : really good looking game. presents some really good gameplay and the soundtract is just absolutely beautiful. really loved it.
soumen khara : this game is too easy to handle. and it's have lots of fun .
creamysteamy : this game is amazing, from the music to the backround to the game. 10/5 on my book.
helen miranda : it's so beautiful and i love it so dam much great work game creators
kakashi sensei : it's great relaxing music great game play and it's just perfect
zodiac : such a well made game the graphics the design the music it's so good!
rishav ghosh : good adventure game but many more things to update for more attraaction
aaron sousa : love this game, kinda reminds me of jetpack joyride, but much better!
aiden piatt : game is extremely fun and addicting. maya is the best for making backflips all the time.
a google user : i can't even jump i press the screen but it doesn't work fix now
michael eldred : took a little bit to get into, but is really enjoyable and a lot of unexpected depth!
sherlyn formanes : i really love this game. the graphics is great. good job!
mauro : simply amazing, the worst thing about it is that its challenges end.
keisha s perkins : i love the game, but a major frustration for me is that it doesn't sync over devices using google play. is this a google issue or with the game?
anne wargo : i love zen mode the music is so calming and soothing i love it.
vaishnav : a really awesome game to spend time on with this cool graphics.
abhishek pandey : really its so nice ,good graphic ,nice song its too great
who fed teemo : playing this game just relaxes my body. i really love the art style of the game.
a google user : please make another version~i promiss it will be a hit!!
kish : simply satisfied with the graphics, music and the gameplay.
a google user : well crafted, addicting, great freeplay mode superb game over all
kyle hall : excellent gameplay mixed with the fantastic music score makes this for my most played game. fantastic!
vivekanandan a s : this is not a game, this is therapy. my go to game to unwind
jamor d.w : looks and feels meditative, but has the gameplay of an arcade game...has potential
mad mad : game is a wow stars but every time that i crashed, revive appears, i press and press, aand pressed and waited for a video, but nothing.
rathnavel ram : i downloaded this game two weeks before and this game has very intensive gameplay. zen mode of this game took me up into relaxing moment.
rohit mohan : one should definitely try this game and i assure you that you will like it.
a google user : all the fun of the slopes without the cold or physical damage
david dillman : i can't get past the training level. how do you speed up to jump over that gap in the beginning?
anurag anand : this game has the best 2d graphics ever i have seen. thanks for developing.
thameem imran khan : i usually don't do reviews ,kuddos to the creator awesome music .a simple concept blessed by music and greater graphics loved it to the core !!!!
marisa jenkins : it makes me feel peaceful and free. because of the music and scenery.
rithbaan basu : one of these best game, i have ever played.
chiman makwana : it takes so much time to load a video. well, i've face little problem here. when alto fall,i tried "watch video" option. it takes so time to load a video. so i cancelled it and tap on 'play again'. the next round i was playing and suddenly a advertise video popup and after video complete, my alto fell down again :(
brenda perez : this game is awesome because i love sledding it reminds me of christmas
soren : truly love this masterpiece. the only game i enjoy playing on android.
pawan dawra : the zen mode has an impact on me , while playing the zen mode, i felt like, when u want to be all alone , away from everyone, this is the best to do , play the zen mode , awesome feeling , i wish if u could add some more music to the zen mode would be amazing !!!!!!
64 shantanu karmaker madhurjo : the most peaceful game i've ever played in my life
zarif itmam hossain : this is a very good and addictive game. i love to play it all the time. i like the sounds and the graphics of this game.
a google user : it gets so many things right -- for example, it has its ads in all the right places. it's fun, challenging, visually stunning, calming... well built.
yada b. : very fun. nice graphics. no ads. killing-time. no internet. free!
chris noble : great time waster with fun challenges. great graphics
justin nephilim : really simple game... but really awesome. beautiful design and graphics. caution: very addictive.
neeraj sharma : perhaps this is the only mobile game which give us peaceful and calm experience.
raiyan islam : this is not a very common game. the graphics are excellent. all the gameplay is great
santhosh kumar : game play is simple, art work is beautiful, zen mode is a bliss.
matt austin : zen mode is just beautiful in itself, soothing music and beautiful scenery...love it
a google user : this app is so beautiful! everything about it is user friendly and the zen mode is the best! i will recommend it to all!!!
lukasz kisa : too dark in the night mode.
thomas vail : beautiful graphics. fun and relaxing gameplay. my favorite game on android. get it.
red virus : addictive, fun and not too hard. i liked it.
jaroslaw j. kowalski : zen mode is what i was looking for, also it had the journey feel to it.
fahd sami : i usually play it before i goto sleep. nice peaceful game. i like it.
simon shiels : beautiful game, with peaceful music and stunning light sceneries. enjoyable
charles curtis : everything is good about this game! good graphics, awesome music, great programming! absolutely everything is awesome about this game great job!
dr anoop babu : this game is so addictive... not a a single day without playing this game
ashy caco : intro can't be skipped and i have to keep restarting through instructions over and over!!!!!
dakota birmingham : no other game like it. beautiful and amazing just all around the best.
randolph lewis : i instantly fell in love with this game. great job
mu5hr00mhead-quarters : i love this game. it puts me at ease. whenever i get a new device this is
one of the apps i get.
a google user : great game but to many permissions they have been taking info and snooping at my accounts and files why do they need to know all this stuff!!!!!!!!! and if the creates a are reading this... good!!!!
martin delimitov : what a beatiful game,wonderful scenery,very calming a pure delight all the way
zul fadhli : nice and i love this game. already finished the mission. i hope more hard mission will be add
nathan cahill : love this game: its a perfect mix of relaxing, fun, beatiful, and challenging.
champ life : the game is very good, the bgm is pretty calm and good.
himanshu arya : i love it, music is so soothing, and mountains too
shaheena parveen : its a great time pass game. i like it in all ways
preetesh singh : music directly connected with your heart.. amazingly fantastic
mika naduva : best game and the most beautiful i've ever played
khorby elison : itz simple and easy to play.itz also very relaxing
shiva narrthine : the game is very relaxing with great graphics and music. so zen.
adam bee : completed it 3 times. never gets old. great for short or long game play.
colton scott : the music and the art makes it such a beautiful game.
rinku guha thakurta : a really exciting gameplay with serene visuals n soothing music.
ankita singh : i have played many games but this game was lovely and i m addict with this
akshay krishnan : best. i loved it. music was fabulous. nothing more. brilliant relaxing game ever
indra marta : i love this game, relaxing music and warm background. love it so much.
diepa 3d : i very enjoy this game, very fun :d
shadab shaikh : my favorite android game. the zen mode is super awesome.
koshila sandaru : i have reached 55 level and accidently uninstalled.i signed my gmail before i uninstalled it i can log to my email anc its showng the highscore but its dont showing my progress in the game still showing that im in level 2 can i recover my progress again ?
gregory williams : this game is pretty great for a mobile game! the art, the music, and the gameplay is simple and beautiful!
shubharthi sarkar : best background score ever i have played in a game.its simple to control and outstanding to view
akshay anandbabu : put on your headphone. play zen mode. achieve eternal peace.
creative technology : this game is really stress relieving one.... no challenges... jus a game wen yua overloaded with work.... awesome one makers keep it up!!
johnny havons : wow amazing game i ever had and awesome music
radhika baliyan : each and every element in this game is so soothing to the ears.. maybe the best game ever played :)
elbert wyche iii : a fun little game to keep your mind occupied for a moment.
jorge o : what a beautiful game. clean, good concept, good music and sounds.
kyle : while the game is amazing, the zen mode is the best.
mr. like your face : it is so fun i unlocked all the characters but one
andrew henriques : truly a beautiful game, the only zen mode in a game i have ever truly enjoyed
aalaap ghanekar : this game is one of the best games i've ever played
jordan harrison : i love this game so much... i gave it one star because i love it too much
max panov : one of the best games i have played yet. probably the best so far.
a google user : guys this game is awsome install it it really relaxing loved it 10/10 star rating
aakash gurbani : such an awesome game play. amazing graphics. everything looks so beautiful.
naveen choudhary : a calm, relaxing and aesthetic game with mesmerizing graphics and a mellow soundtrack.
rahul ela : love it., keep coming with new ideas.
m. samin : a nice minimal game with relaxing gameplay. keep it up
a google user : a great, relaxing endless runner game with beautiful art and music.
kai lee : please tell me if there is soundtrack. :)
abdul moodie : amazing game, love just laying in bed with my headphones and forgetting about everything
cheems : best time buster game hats off to the makers.
rhinestones sky : i liked the game so much.. i finished all levels without skipping a single
task!.. way to go... won't remove the game.. hoping to come up with more
levels :)
darren manning : a brilliantly made game. strangely relaxing and yet challenging at the same time.
avhiejeetr : liked this game a lot.. very good graphics
joey : a very nice game that creates a new world to immerse yourself in.
chris gerber : i love this game!!!!!!!!!! the zen mode is soooo calming if you turn off the sound effects. this game makes me feel like nothing bad will happen to me. i would recommend this to anyone!
raj raj : i dnt like games!! but i really like this game very realistic music and graphics expirience!
bikranta sarkar : great game for boring times.
dicejay 101 : this is a very beautiful game i think the mechanics are great for this type of game
corina bogatu : brilliantly simple, fun, beautifully designed, relaxing. just awesome
always around : the best game download i have made for my phone hands down i love this game!
zeta moto : i love the game it's beautiful the music is calm and inspiring and the overall game looks amazing.
tanish rai : alto's adventure is a very nice and challenging . awesome music. challenging missions.
yasser bayani : after reaching forth character everything goes routine.
r e : brilliant game, only trouble is i've completed all the challenges now, maybe make a system where players can set their own challenges that other people can try?
rohan pal : it has good graphics instead of being a small game. i like it.
bency alexander : love it.. when i feel stressed i used to play this game and feel relaxed.. won't get bored...thank you team alto
caleb rakete : very atmospheric, with fun gameplay and a fair grind. also only a single microtransaction!
instantkarma : the graphics are great. i love the music. it's very addictive
samia dadan : as you keep playing this game it keeps on becoming intense and addicting.i would surely recommend this game.
a ghost : this game wins your heart with its graphics, simpleness and the fantastic soundtrack.
mr. peacock : the game is great. visually pleasing the soundtrack is delightful. gameplay simple and fun.
lucas pontani : from the minimalist game design to the soundtrack, everything about this game is just awesome.
henry siebert : superb. simplest game for android availible, yet one of the best. d/l it immediately!
jurvian san : this game is good , the graphic is very nice, easy to play and fun.
manas godara : the game was working fine in the beginning but now it keep on hanging again and again.
juan fontanez : great graphics, easy to pick up, but not to master.
prince dibiase : good game overall and pushes you to beat your last time.
zubayer shafi : nice music, beautifully environment, and simple yet engaging gameplay.
jacob jacobson : it is a very beautiful and relaxing game my favorite on play market
jason johnston : so fun and on your toes and the change of time is awesome!
kurvin charles : it's so calming & really gives you peace of mind, anytime you play it.
reuben : it is so addictive and runs so smoothly without lag
bill davis : the terrain is constantly changing, the artwork beautiful and the music enjoyable. i love this game
j c : best, funnest phone game to pass time, gorgeous graphic style
rahul mishra : the game is awesome. the only game i am playing twice after completion.
robert sasse : as far as endless runners even can go this is top of the line.
lalitha kumari : i loved it's music and environment in the game its a super game ever
anthony ant : i loved it till the end! i wish there is a second one
mustafa zrary : the tasks are too hard some of them the graphic is perfect
reuben ronaldo : awesome graphics n easy to play download it guys u'll definitely love it
simon friar : challenging and beautiful. looks great on a phone or 2k tablet
pranav p.k : i love this game.it has great graphics and more entertaining
trent williams : the music in this game is amazing! 5/5 stars.
sarvesh chitodkar : nothing new. same thing repeats every level. what's the significance of llams?
brandon hodge : its a really well designed game and well taught out thank u
livvy k : alto's adventure is full of tricks, great artwork and more.
clown- senok : an aweson peacefull game. such games are hard to comeby. good job devs and keep up the wotk
preyash chauhan : good games, needs an exit button for phones will no hardware buttons
a google user : get some character by gold and they don't have any specific abilitys
amin vosoughi : it is the most relaxing game i ever played.
alia saber : it will hurt when he falls and he is fine when he falls is int it
fathi namouchi : best game ever... the background, the scenery and the music are stunning
linuxh2o : one of the well managed game , badland learn something from these guys.
keisha lewis : it's a relaxing game and the music is awesome. the graphics are great
samuel o'neill : very atmospheric, controls feel very natural and easy to understand.
jasmin : this game is wonderful. the graphics, art style, music is amazing! keep up the good work!
kishan modi : in my life i never seen this much relaxing game....... this game is like blackhole......
ryan pankratz : couldn't jump the chasm in level 1 - no hints or pointers available.
thermo die : after about a week it is the worst game ever
ethan naidoo : very cool and unique game. certainly a stress reliever and fun game
prateek vasisht : the art and graphics alone are worth 5 stars. beautiful game with thoughtful game play.
abhyuday khare : the song plays and gives u a nostalgia.just feel great to have it.
zachary llewellyn : beautiful graphics!!!!!, i've been searching for game like this, the graphics is so smooth and i like this game alot
helen taylor : so good and the zen mode is so good so you don't want to smash your phone
manish kumar : perfect graphics. guys must install this game you'ii feel a new environment.
cassun : the amazing scenery combined with the relaxing soundtrack makes this a truly wonderful game.
lloyd s : could do with a small map in the bottom right to anticipate when the drops are coming up.
pedro varela : smooth and soothing game. , love zen mode
jzone ozone : very beautiful backround...keeps me playing for hours without knowing it. thank you :)
rachie g : cute concept and beautiful artwork freezes every so often however five stars if it stops freezing
javier perez : i really like this game,the graphics are so cool!!
m k : feels great when playing, smooth gameplay, awesome environments, nice graphics, just perfect...
shrikrishna holla : easily the best visual-audio combo i've experienced in a game on any platform
kieran martin : love this game as you can sit back and enjoy the peaceful scenery.
jayanta das : i the world of 2d games i think it is one of the best game i have played
ahamed shareef : but little bit tough i think but u can download it is ur wish
cameron davis : this game has the best game ever it has the best graphics i have ever seen the music is good i just love this game.
fatal whale8 : i love this game the controls are easy graphics are amazing and the gameplay is awesome i give this game a 10/10.
matthew kayanan : would give it 6 stars if it was possible. zen mode is incredible.
havergal samosir : love the sound effects, music, especially the graphic.
nitin gupta : no flaws. love the clean and hassle free gaming experience.
mrudul sankhesara : truly amazing game...the music the sound the sceneries....rains snowfalls...its pleasure playing this game... its a mind relaxing game...
pom pom12 : this is the most beautiful game i have ever played :d
a google user : i like the look of the snow and the dier
eduardo goldemberg : amazing game and business model. other developers should take this as a reference.
tanner donaldson : i don't know
partha bhuyan : this game is really a cracker. its animated graphics and music make everybody relaxing
loucst 121 : i like the background sunset and mountains also how the villages look beautiful.
trick ludwig : it's very fun and relaxing, especially on zen mode.
a google user : low fps on snapdragon 615.
cory jackson : add more stuff to buy like faster backflip rotation. fun game
kumar teja : one of the best games i've played in recent times
george pipilis : amazing art style and music, a calming and entertaining game.
buick bloodbeard : it's pretty chill. graphics style and music are cool. and it's simple.
ninad sabnis : the game is elegantly designed. the progression system and level design is well designed and thought out.
md danish akhtar : loved the game,beautiful scenary ,lovely music ,beautiful effects a must download app....good game
alex stroecker : y'all did great on this game, i love everything about it.
sujay sinha : the gameplay is quiet limited but the graphics are really good specially the change of time.
kevin bancroft : simple and beautiful. what it does do, it does with excellence and style.
md. minhaj uddin miraz : love the soft music of this game, waiting for more updates & stunt.
spin2win : plz solve that problem
jandel : i love it is so soothing and it's great for wen your mad and need to sooth
darshan rao : brilliant graphics, great gameplay and i really love the zen mode..
shreyas rp : just love this game for its simplicity. and the idea of the zen mode is just genius!!!
crunchycrustacean : possibly the best mobile game i've ever played.
kamaljit kar : what a beautiful game i really like this.
sachin jani : best flow and soundtrack. music is so soothing and awesome that i feel like listening it forever.
mrtoekidjan : this game has entertained me ... furthermore the sound effect such as a music ... like relaxation music ...
snehal lad : nice simple graphic n very advective game play also good music
asif a. : loved it, rated 5 stars, recommended for friends.
justin james : i can't stop playing lol great fun game
og_frosty399 : wahoo it's just amazing it's the best game ever the sound,the control, the graphics all of it amazing...
dalene rich : fun but lame cause its the same bord everytime
jesse colton : this game is really good the zen mode helps but i don't use it
chandra arun : it is really super cool game and this a best casual games for casual game love rs,
akshay gandhi : great graphics and music. so far the best game i have ever played.
waheed malik : the best game ever.its music remind me of song of the sea
muhammad munawar zaman : the best game i have ever played and the most awesome part of the game is the music .... loved it totally ...
elena fardon : this game is a great game it takes you away to a different world.
willian yuiti : awesome visuals and ambience, perfect to stop the day by day madness to just take a few moments to relax with this great game!
souvik dhara : just awesome...... one the most best game ever played...... the game is so soothing that..... u would never be boured up...... the music., scenery r just awesome...... will drain all your stress out...... thanks noodlecake for making such wonderful game.....
redowan delowar : the game mechanics, spruced up by the eye soothing material design is eerily satisfying
kaif bhati : the background and the music is so awesome and i personally love the zen mode
rohan saxena : this game is so beautiful and serene, truly an eye candy
prasad kini : loved this game. mind blowing experience.
ravinder rai : addictive yet simple and beautiful game...smooth...in my phone when horn is blown some glitch is coming ...please fix this issue.
collin christian : best time waster on the market! love this game
drew biehle : and hard! although easy enough for my 6yo to play too. nigh on perfect.
sam mcafee : great game for unwinding. all about the visual and audio experience. love it!!
tyrese paul : alto is really and addictive game, beautiful and peaceful music. this game is really fun
boringbaconlover and eggs : i like the gameplay, idea, and graphics!
efren sanchez : it's very nice, maybe more potentiators (you know, like the iman or the plume)
vishal singh : this game is different from others. it's fun and relaxing. great music , great game play makes it a great game.
hamwar shwany : i like this game so much . ig has an amazing graphic an sound
papertrail : it keeps gliching so you have to restart from the very beginning of the game!
anik dey : simple. aesthetically pleasing. relaxing. amazing!
matthew fyson : thanks guy, i just wasted a whole half hour on zen mode because i lost track of time, good game though.
anuj rajak : you must play this game it has a great background music...
b x : i could go forever on this game its addicting and i could not literally stop playing until people slapped my band out my phone
sophie merrett : its so addictive its fun to play me and my sister both love it !
a google user : good graphics. like it alot
di chen : music can't play through bluetooth.
denz : its a great beutifull game definetly will reccomend to buy but when you do a trick please make the sheild longer
dan s : really good game, challenging and not too boring!
martin lee : a perfect peaceful game. love the zen mode, great music.
a google user : in one line ,it's an awesome adventure game.
sudipta mondal : very nice gameplay. great graphics and nice music. one of the best game of 2016
ar. shreyas joshi : loved it zen mode especially !! hats off to the creator !!! have more ideas about it that i want to share
chandra mohan : inspiring graphics and gameplay and the moon lite could have been made with more detail.
ashish sharma : beautiful game with best graphics and game physics love to play the game
lilylove 9161 : i love it i love the zen mode too. it was amazing with earphones
connor faries : i love playing this game in my spare time. great game 10 out of 10
dogethegamerandvlogger : it has good features its is my favorite game!!!!
jenna k : it's a really nice game, and i really enjoyed it!
derek robinson : the game is fun but it would be nice if you added more upgrades to the game
julia sharbutt : game crashes every time i try to open it
dimitri kalandia : relaxing game . rly make u to calm pleasure to play it ^^
timothy johnson : this game is fun and relaxing but challenging at the same time.
denis kobernik : please, provide a dynamic level change to progress just during the same ride
loozoo : fun game, very relaxing, dangerously addictive.
eitan weiss : it has beautiful graphics extremely pleasing music and it's very fun
vivek kumar : awesome game! graphics are great it takes u to another world and background music is mesmerizing!
ray b : can you add some customization for alto or like collect some atrefacts.
the gaming begginers : very addictive game ,very easy to play and loved the music
armando gil : amazing game the music is incredible it makes you feel relaxed and very addicting!
marton suranyi : it's control is awful and limited.
raji luqya maulah : a simple and pleasing game. hope some new songs in zen mode on next update.
a google user : graphics and gameplay is awesome! can play this a whole day.
shivam lavti : the graphics is just awesome! loving the zen mode!
sid53 : this is a game which you play just to play!!! not just playing for the sake of upgrades and coins. beautiful game with good gameplay!!
shylesh : but need some more intresting i made it 5star if u made..
manish sharma : i stuck at starting how to cross that big gap
john lennon : this game is so cool and the graphics are so simple and pretty its really fun and its definitely worth getting
hazx17 : this song make me more comfortable. can i know what is that song
fairoz makandar : music reminds me of my lost love
a google user : just waiting on the helmet and chasm rescue update
rat dooper : remove the dumbass rocks or make them bigger
andy heppel : cannot rate this game high enough
tash squire : its a good game, is just way to short
biplob saikia : this game is very cool and the graphics are beautiful i love this
iacopo cantoni : perfect game, available on windows too
vasily petrov : very good and addictive. beautiful stylised graphics, good sound.
oisin oconnor : its simple, it's gorgeous, i love playing it!
len eppich : amazing graphics and smooth motion. great game
rajvardhan singh parihar : nothing can come close to this free runner! beautiful
arpan saikia : nice game but try to increase the amount of coins in a run it will really help.
ayan garg : okay, wow! just install this game and start playing... thank me later. no ads, good music, amazing gameplay... this is the best game ever!!!
just nick : well built, great graphics.
hermione k : amazing characters and super graphics- best game here
nurul syasha : this game is so beautiful and i love zen mode its so relaxing.
lewis churchill : this game is sooooo good and i cant stop playing it
meena patel : truly a work of art i can say without a doubt that this is the most beautiful game i have played this year
ann faith : this app is amazing. the music and visuals are everything.
jason : the most relaxing yet fun and addictive game for android
cecilea rossity : i really love the graphic and it is super cute this is the best game i ever saw
creekworks fishing : amazing game plays good runs smooth it really sucks you in and gets you hooked
sophia mota : this music is so calm and the place looks nice but if you make an update this will be even better
gavin caswell : u should do front flips:3
hasan shaik : smooth gameplay. simple yet amazing visuals. oh, and the music. the freakin' music. get this game. it is serene.
kyle nighman : easy to learn, and tons of fun. no need to spend money at all. love it. highly recommended.
ayushman singh : one of the best looking games on android. and good gameplay too.
stephanie jones : i think this game has good graphics and is fun and entertaining
io games : free fun 4 the whole family easy to do
abhishek kumar : basically endless running but with spectacular graphics
titus primeaux : a good game not gonna stop playing
regina connell : i seriously loved it also it makes worth a calm experience
yojoelle : this is the best game i ever played in my life
mallu punk : i like the nice view and theme of the game
zen : it is good people you must download
janlee boltron : i lovrle this game its full action and adventure
a google user : this game is the best i still two hours playing on it
a google user : this is the simplest and funnest game i have played on android
draken dot : my favorite part of this game is the audio the songs are so smothing
sherry barnes : i think they should make a altos adventure 2
isaiah jackson : the game is awesome make more just like this
soma roy : it good but it should make a higher jump
lalit kumar singh : awesome game so beautiful and scenic background must for android
matthew nold : more customizable scarfs and change location or wild life
deivis suastegui : a amazing game relaxing music is great gameplay too
double aa : best third person view game ever
a google user : it is so awsome it has very good graphics
craig floyd : it has barely any ads and great graphics
emily hobdell : very good game but some of the levels are a bit hard
donald duck : best game u can play on a phone
ben bishop : very calm music and overall a sweet game
simon m : its really good and the graphics are amazing
raja athwal : lesser visibility at night weather
joshua emmanuel : stunning back ground graphics loved
science classes : love this app for such awsam grafics and music
mannu dangi : m always using on my evry phn
sulagno ghosh : the most beautiful game in google play store
sekou yansane : i got a new phone and lost all my progress, i thought the progress saved over
manish khadka : i like tji a game very much it is time paasing game and good for free time
a google user : ive had it for a while now and realy love it!
zakiyah west : you can play for hours and hours without getting bored
lokesh thota : great game i appreciate noodle cake for this game thank you
shamindra nonis : zen mode was the topping u got free cuz they love you
a google user : this game is so good i can play this 4 hours
nate dagreat : i used thison a i phone at a t a t it was awesome beautifull dishighn
chris is cancer : loved it but a little hard to level up but not bad the graphics are great
shivam pandey : this is the best game i have ever founded on google play
mehraj shaikh : i wanna know if i can download that soundtrack frm zen mode
skynyrd 333 : very simple game play overall repetitive boring
sizels : i played this game about 2 years ago and now i play it again and it has lots of depth now and has new features such as new power ups ect amazing game
raja ubaid ganaie : it is very good and adventurous game.it might be outstanding if it was made with 3d.....
polash jyoti goswami : the music n graphics are awesome
a google user : the features is they add the zen mode
sir hollowog : i love this game use it for my youtube channel and sub scribe to x_steptek_21
david de graaf : yo this is like the best game i ever played keep it coming bros
divya ghosh : i have downloaded it across every device truly relaxing
uvayn kumar panday : the best game i have so far
izz 98 : it has a beautiful gameplay but i think it needs more soundtracks
lazy potato : i liked the zen mode its relaxing great work noodlecake studios
pastformal : simply amazing this is a atmopheric ambient jem of a game five stars round the board
a google user : great adventure game but add something more like new character
harley smith : it is one of the best games i have ever played on a mobile device
wombo combo : beautiful background and stuning gameplay makes this game an easy 5 star
nishith joshi : this is one of the most pleasant games i have ever played
gabija l : this is the best game i ever played its really fun for kids
hakxxaw official : rarely do mobile games deliver such a spectacular work of art
arianna mcgurn : i just love tyis game allaround great gam
colin gray : at times it pull my eye lens but besides that its a kool game
sankeshwar sivakumar : ive never seen a game like this with so much graphics
lilyonpillies : i have an apple iphone and this app has a different publisher and costs money
sh : very relaxing gaming good graphics over all its a great game to play
bros wierd : best game i ever played that was calm and gun at the same time
peter chai : overwhelming peace and tranquility especially in zen mode the soundtrack is amazing along with the minimalistic nature best game for me
rekha rawal : very beautiful background good sound effect best game
noel titus : i love this game! it is so scenic and addicting!
mehak imtiaz : this game is awesome. the first time i played it i loved it
joy michael : love it the zen mode.. great job ! great game to play
jayden g : this is a great endless runner with great gameplay and beautiful graphics i would recommend this game to anyone
peach piyorose : this isn't just a game, go figure!
jaxx : this game is fantastic.no microtransactions (other than the coin doubler...)great graphics,awesome animations,good soundtrack and of course perfect atmosphere!i love this game...but it needs more idk hazards,more and cooler scenery...p much. .more updates
surgeforce33 : really good game, very creative.
miguel puente : this game is perfect for mobile. fun. fast. progressable if that's a word..
can't wait for odyssey :d
indranil das : the game is awesome...but i think just a backflip as a skill is not enough for me to give it a ....... 5 star
moose : this game is wonderful the music is great i love everything about this game keep it up
david castillo : best game i've play in my experience of gaming well worth it
ankit manglam : the game is too sexy graphics are too awesome but there should be more backgrounds but the game is awesome
hyoungsuk choi : one of the best mobile game ever
ar el : hands down one of the best android games ive ever played
keionpeko : thank you for making this app i love it
a google user : this game has very beautiful scenery that calms the mind
jdyn dansby : you should play this every day
flex ruiz : i cant put down my phone because of this gamr
budy azriel : you would never stop once you played it
farrel arsyan alvaro : the music is really relaxing and the gameplay is so good loved it
brian knorr : the best game i played in a while
ryan griffin : fun way to pass the time when you have nothing else to do
d.d : you guys should put new places in there
ajani elliott : it can pass the limit great graphics
maurel reynolds : this game is awesome best time killer and so fun to play
laith_ aj : only music and art who make the game wonderful i love it
swapnil chauhan : awesome but both the modes should be developed a little creative and thrilling
a google user : i love this game alto and i play it so often my brother loves this game too i think you should download it!!!!
ricardo sein : me and my brothers compete with of us gets more character and wich get far then the other
a google user : the graphics are great and the music in zen mode is so peaceful plz make more games like this
mujtaba uddin : the most relaxing music in a game i ever played in android and great way to spend a quality time
josh bell : this game is something special it's a work of art is really really good
james paull : a blatant ripoff of ski safari.
ryan lemar : app crashes on g4 after update.
jussomguy : it says lookout after crushing
a google user : apex this stuff can't beter
eli stein : pretty good game overall not much to do but the drive to unlock new characters keeps the game addicting
daniel bizzarri : this game is simple and addictive!!! all you really need for a tablet / phone game :)
hasnain aslam : great graphics, simple yet challenging, offers something different from other games
ajen bilodiya : very good work to develop the app! love playing it!
dawson willis : do i need to even explain this? download and find out, that is if you don't believe me.
daniel aksovski : i love this game. it's awesome and music is fantastic and relaxing.
ragil sagita : great music, relaxing and addicting, love all about this part of game.
aditya p : the colors are so soothing to the eyes i sometimes fall asleep ehile
playing.
bhima : it's wonderful game so super the one who wants peace of mind should have this
a google user : brilliant graphics amazing sound keep up the good work.
fayiez smith : simply perfect love it it my opinion download this game and have fun i just love it
norman l : fun but no more progression once you reach lvl 60
dogan can cinar : chilling game with awesome chilling music and the zen mode
trang trang : i love the scenes in this app and it just keeps me stay on screen for hours
humbleacho : amazing look so nodern mc outdoor woods and the sun set
viking vikk : the best haven't played something that good
frederick setjadiningrat : expecting a calming game, doesn't get calm.
joseph o'brian : i love this game i can't even discribe it!
pooya hemmati : zen mode is truly amazing especially the music it really relaxes me and takes me to another world
ready tonight : it made me so emotional that i can't explain
semil prajapati : i like this game because it is thrilled for me and children also
karthik kk : just worth it guys i recommend every one to try this one
danish fahmi : this is thw best game but it is hard to het money
radya hadianto : the music and scenery makes the game more than just game
omansh sharma : it is the best game of its type and have best graphic of all
jean lett : it is a cool game but it is a little rustrating but it ok a gess
julian guajardo : this is the best game relaxing and peaceful game i have ever played
sanjivani dangle : please add players
abhishek tigga : very cool game just out of my control and play this game
kaushik thapa : great mountain snowboarding game and a very good relaxing mind game
xzavien dalgleish : the graphics are amazing and that song is so peaceful i love it so relaxing
skyler jr : greatest graphics i've ever seen, nice physic based gameplay. 5 stars worth.
s2_son : i hate autocorrect
godz hulk : no words can describe
edwin amaya : does not work on my tablet
erin ford : the graphics are great and addicting in a good way. i would definitely recommend this to my friends.
abin john jacob : it's really a great game,the background music is cool.
david : i had played this game on my old phone and when i played it on my new phone after signing in i still have to start over
waleed sohail : everything from the concept to the art is just perfect my only complains
are that please decrease the coins needed to revive and add better upgrades
ashwin gattani : great experiance and soothing music. zen mode is my fav!!!
corina radu : i think the music was so good , that i literally played it at night , and i fell asleep within five (5 minutes!!!!!!!!!
a.m. valera : the best game. literally, that is all you need to know.
dead spaniel : a beautiful wintery escape. love it, such a chill game.
akash khan : one of the best designed and visually stunning games out there!
harshwardhan : great graphics and sound can't stop playing this game
jim jam : amazing game and i'm so addicted!
ben savarese-hill : beautifully designed game! simple concept, wonderful, relaxing, therapeutic, perfect!
chelsy a. : very calming to the mind, keep doing a good job
remo joseph : such a calming yet exciting infinite runner game :-)
cesar rodriguez : this game is amazing the scenery is amazing and music and definitely try the zen mode out which is very relaxing
raj kiran : thanks for the zen mode game is peace full and relaxing with amazing music
zaed ashar : i loved it! first i got it on my windows 10 laptop then it was so good that i needed it on the go... my asus zenfone go!!!
f chong : loved the mechanics, its very fun and simple to play, recommended
james : very peaceful game - thank you great graphics!
dr. t. n teti : i cant dwscribe this is the best game i ever played
marc anthony bennett : not sure how to use wings... needs better gameplay tutorials. but i like it so far.
ben shaw : nice art style, good gameplay. thoroughly enjoy playing this game
mr. fancy : i think you should add new characters to the game by way i think this is actually pretty good game
tturner207 : i love it especially zen mode ... it is so relaxing
sj nath : the most peaceful game i've ever played.
keysunlocked _ : literally the best game ive played yet. cant wait for more updates !!!!
sasha mingasson : really great game with an amazing flow, great music, and cool graphics
keeptv : this is by far my favorite mobile game!
hriday bhalaria : hate that you keep losing progress on updates.
rahmatullah 43 : night scene... i really love it. it's like i'm enjoying night beneath moon's light and quite place,bring me so calm. the best and relaxing sound,scene i've ever seen and played.
darren hayes : jump on that board and catch some lama's!
this_channel _is_dead : this is my favourite mobile game.ever.
yash berry : the game is awesome!! had it for ages... completed all goals... please add some changes... new characters... new stunt props...
milos prince : fun game, very relaxing and zen.
joaquin guinoo : me and my family love this game! everything is perfect!
akif angel's family : i think you should put like more than backflip
eric cheow : somewhat look like ski safari but with better game play n scenery
a google user : thanks for adding arabic language its really nice game it worth 5 stars
ty mello : the game is awesome and zen mode make you feel like you can do anythig
aryan hedau : magical! love the soothing music in zen mode!
anya lebron : the game is addicting and the style set up of the game is great too.
sherlock : maya is amazing ...love to do backflip with her
bilal shurabi : the game is endless. the music is very good the game is a grate time killer......pls add some more powerups.
frank della ventura : great little time killer, really well done.
roma asdf : thank u very much
arshad faizal : the game is awesome and fun to play best game ever!
matth quinatadcan : very nice game. i liked it.
sunny soni : i nvr imagined that any game can be soothing, relaxing and fun at the same time. it's just awwsomeeee!!! zen mode is the bestest part nd yes for the team best innovative idea seen till now from my side. awesome 3d sounds... just loved it
leonidas zairis : everything is awesome the gameplay the music ... its sooo cool
derrick otieno : love the game very addictive, beautiful graphics and wonderful soundtrack
chotamil potter : the scenery. the music. the zen mode. the game . simply beautiful
quincy groeneveld : the graphics are amazing... the game itself is very addicting
gerry paradis : very calming. still has some intensity. wonderful flow and gameplay.
jenna shaw : i really love this game i think it is really cute and adorable especially with the lamas but it is very glitchy and that can somtimes ruin the game x
rinaldi suhardiono : so relaxing, so peace, thank you.
sajan dhiman : this game is pure masterpiece.
victor rogachevsky : beautiful, relaxing and fun game
esteban saiz : the graphics, movements and music are fantastic.
den tivor : thanks for work. please, send me a snowboard!
nathan perkins : fantastic and relaxing.
iman v69 : cool game have i play :)
google account : this game has good graftes and good sound track this game has it all love it how you can make more game in the future
abel sanchez : i like this game, is simple and fun.
francisco cosio : repetitive but excellent graphics and game flow
a google user : beautiful and addictive.love it.but buttons (end run, menu, play again etc.) don't react well; it takes always multiple taps before they react, which is very very annoying.
ankit yadav : beautiful mood and setting. just like journey vibe.
ankit porwal : i never played a game like this in android......very creative game and nice music......u guys...please make more games like this........
a google user : paradise called. they want their game back.
prakhar mathur : when is alto's odyssey being released.
irish3kmafia : great experience can't wait for the next one to come out
no name : love it best game eva rlly awesome but would like a few more dudes to play as
joao silva : perfect mobile game. simple and yet so addictive.
soham banerjee : i love this game. it gives my mind peace.
matthew whitlow : gets a bit hard after a while! anyone else notice that the icon picture is physically impossible to have in the game?? he should be faced the other way of he's upside down, haha!
az : i never expected it to be this awesome ..love this game .and u have done a great job developers
samim khan : please tell me the release date of alto's odyssey.
bob solomon : beautiful game, well optimised and designed! love it!
john corsica : requires 41 internet acces , as reported by firewall, that's much
a google user : this game is totally awesome and the music of this game keeps calm the mind....love it..!
elaine hoffman : the graphics are beautiful and the further you get into the game the more choices you can unlock i really like it
nouha blackbird : i don't play it that often because of my studies. however, i still like to play it before i sleep..lol... i just love it.
white _niggu : this is one of the games i play when i feel stressed and it calm me right away
false alarm : great graphics and beautiful music. love it!
mathieu bergeron : best game i played on my phone in a while. well done!
casen zilch : a gaming experience one of the best game ever. amazing. scenic. soothing. trippy. satisfying.
a google user : i can see why it's the editors choice.. i recommend this to everyone.. great art & engineering.
slap doggo : these graphics are amazing. this game is so peaceful.
michael white : this is the most satisfying game i've played in a long time
liesl amanda : amazing game , love the music ,and very cool
xzzx grand : if only there where to somhoe purchase coins...
hannah : really fun , calming, and beautiful graphics! great game to play .
anthony rustici : i love how accurate and fun this game is.
dwayne heath : love it. create more levels plz . and tricks :d
eugene zhuravel : very addictive, very relaxing.
jhoanna bongabong : i hope there would be additional bgm (in-game and in zen mode --- i will like it more!) also, i hope there'd be more diversified levels i think. different backgrounds / places way beyond the mountains. :3
arka mandal : its a great game. wonderful gameplay and very pleasing background music.
d'vano marin : i love the graphic but add more color
elijah pichette : this game is very fun and addictive it also very easy to play
jack alkindi : very nice game to pass time and to enjoy
jordan williams : this game is what u call great
atul jaybhaye : what a game wow music soundtrack so nice
devaughn anderson : this game is the best game i have ever played
j fighter : a good app when there is nothing else to do.
a google user : so calming yet addictive. play with sound on.
vidhya sagar ganesan : so beautiful! the graphics so serene..and the lightning in the dark,omg!...its really peaceful awesome game..thanks for making it!
vignesh nallathami : muzzy game.,mind relaxing. nice sound
zuhair shah : no stress no hardworking just fun
bishnu km : but not good at all
sz : i saw a game first time whose music please hearts thanks for making such a buetiful game and thanks for zen mode please install it so buetiful
kwan mitsurini : simple generic gameplay. good soundtrack to relax.
caveman : totally fantastic. graphics, music all are great
corey vickers : great graphics, endless playability. awesome game!
shivam ahuja : everything's good except the fact that on the cover of the app there's a picture of maya, but you named the app alto. what's that about?
steven young : a great game, fun to play. hope they expand it!
shantanu raj : very cool game. uses less ram. fast
robin ryan : a joy,simple,beautiful,serene...if your looking for a non violent game that is exciting,this is it!!!!
yousif ezzo : great graphics, the gameplay is smooth and addictive. wish there was an ad free version, i'd pay.
md. washib khan jammy : just love the game. music adds extra flavour.
christopher wood : simply... awesome
harsha khandare : best game i have ever played!!! ^__^ it deserves more than 5 i will give 100to this game
paresh karle : best of bests. loved the music. peace of mind.
shayzan salvacion : its fun, especially if/when you are bored.....so i play this game all the time
harry gilmore : stunning visuals, great system and amazing music
amar singh : please , add a multiplayer racing mode .
a google user : why is my character so small and the trees are so big i cant see and crash pls fix and i will rate 5 stars
lavinay singh : its a perfect game but sometimes become a little hard graphics are fine and controls are awesome zen mode is my favorite
sheikh asad : this game is really great with a great pleasant music.... love it
lana gotic : it's a beautiful game addictive!
souhardya : i love this game's music,theme
murali krishnan : additive with its easy gameplay and soothing music..
gryphon guys : it's shades and colors and gameplay are truly amazing.
margaux griffith : one of the best games i've ever had!
neelu kamla : graphics are excellent. outstanding music, and day night cycle.
arnab barman : awesome game !!! i wish i could have rated it 6 stars
pranab ghosh : super cute ,awesomely good
marcus proctor : the game alto's adventure is fantastic but if we could rewind the tricks we do it would be even better like i would advise everyone who has a phone to play it.
adriano montan : perfect game for calming down :)
urbi mandal : the most beautiful game i have ever played .... the music is amazing too !! but how to change characters ? i can't get to see other characters..... can anybody tell me how to unlock them ? pretty please ??
ya basic : the graphics, my gosh, they are so beautiful! make me wanna live there.
benn cooper : i enjoy this game but dislike the night time levels as it's to hard to see obstacles. anyway to skip them other than quitting out?
sudhakar lal : simple and most beautiful game i ever play on mobile....
pankaj bhati : beautiful game.. loved it so much
yusuf : good game..love the graphics
victoria draper : excellent game, from start to finish.
zachary abramov : this is one of games i'v ever played. everything about is great.
chris b : my god this game is beautiful... zen mode is so relaxing
-_- meh : i love it so peaceful:-) 5 starz in my book
dj : the quality graphics and thrill of leading your character down a mountain
a google user : soothing music with near to real graphics and a combo of cool tricks it is the best editor choice app
denny kurniawan : not only addicted but make me relax when playing with headphone
ashish nair : the most beautiful game i ever played till date with outstanding background music
oguzhan karakaya : wonderful scenery, good game score, fun game. recommend it
kartikeya srivastava : an absolutely beautiful and atmospheric masterpiece which is a must-have
mahir ahmed : it's visually stunning for a phone game.
a google user : much more than a simple game. it's incredible, it's fantastic and addictive. loved it
gowtham karthikeyan : good graphics. good gameplay. good sounds. good logic. good game.
chitrabhanu mohanta : one of the best games with excellent graphics. fab work by creators
fath athar : it gives soothing feeling when playing it..
william manson : awesome best game ever can't stop playing it
a google user : absolutely gorgeous graphics, music and gameplay.
will haynes : super glitchy. ruins what could be a rad game.
venkatesh vinzuda : smoke to weed and play this game
eli adams : really fun when i'm on the bus and the music and scenery is amazing
vishwesh rajpurohit : super smooth and peaceful... one rare game we don't find these days!!
ethan h : i absolutely love the new zen mode the soundtrack is so calming.
lee kelleher : amazing gameplay, artwork and scenery.
waleed butt : also have portrait mode. it would be awesome.
piyusha patel : it is really good, gr8 work of music and characters.... it is just good and relaxing
raghavendra ravi : terrific gameplay, amazing background score, astounding music
naman devadiga : very nice game i totally love it
keegan s. : got all the characters so much fun!
harshvardhan singh : best nd makers or any other person plz plz plz tell me is there any place like this on this earth
deep web : needs new update with new background sound and also some new characters with new level complexity ......
jessica robinson : (best game ever) omg every one should get it
prashant kharde : very nice cool and adventurous game whoever sees this i say that this is the best game ever played i wish you all will download this app very mast game ever played
ashari sambodo : cool graphics..., cool movement..., cool sound, challenging difficulties.., you' ll get addicted
olamide : simple yet intricate. this game is just perfect.
korey sanks : i live this games and what would be even cooler is you make this a series of games like maybe a parkour one or one wear you can skateboard
a google user : nice graphics, gameplay, music. nice everything. the best game ever
felix coble : really cool design and gameplay is awesome as well!
hashi hari : wonderfully 2d game! loved it.
subhag jain : zen mode is awesome. graphics could have been better.
luke morgan : just a joy to play ( and complete)
jajam kalyan : nice design, very good bgm, simple to play
alibek sayat : totally unforgettable experience! beautiful and gorgeous game!
hisham : when i play this game i feel pleasure. nice music and awesome game
md.mostafijur rahman obama : everyone needs to download it. it's a great game
katora black : may that game bring light to you in dark places ... when all other lights go out ... thanks for that awesome game ...
jose villazana : great game to have time go by..
r d : excellent. smooth gameplay smooth music. good pass time.
underdog 206 : simple but perfect game :)
jon leonard : great game good graphics and sound afects and music really good game
zach hallison : alto 2 make a new version ..with a frozen waterfall... u need to add more background graphics... just the same places shown
ish meister : i absolutely loved this game!!! if only there was a story mode...that'd be great
nayeem uddin : simply beautiful and the controls are pretty easy...
him yang : it's really a beautiful game in all aspects.
patrick mcbride : mezmerizing, can play for hours.
qayyum zainal : relax ur mind and frustrated sometimes! haha!
vijoy varghese : it is a wonderful,trippy game i love it .super game
sibusiso motlhokwane : its addictive, but relaxing. its awesome,love the scenery and music.
a google user : great graphics n beautiful music <3
nick burg : truly an amazing game, well done!
nicholas fennell : love this game total chills me out after a hard day absolutely love the zen mode really easy to play but so additive
joe : i haven't had any problems with it. :-) gr8 game
chris hawkins : no ads. really smooth and visually pleasing game. loved it
a google user : one of the best games. incredible graphics!
a google user : what ski safari should have been. first class.
shaun : everyone should download this game. fun to play .
abhi shake : i like this game plz play and enjoy
satu-itzel mondragon : amazing. i live in the andes mountains. i love to ski
a google user : must download. very immersive. beautiful artistic design. good music. simple play. great app!
faizan romail : awesome game so relaxing
suthima buddee : good songs. good graphic. good game.
robert dawson : it's a really good game that has good graphics and really good gameplay.
blink shot : it removes stress
khyon : great music. beautiful graphicas you must download
robbie hilton : lots of fun, great time waster... uhh i mean good way to pass the time?
kyle : fun to play when bored
arcturian lessions : simply amazing, game that wont leave you bored..
ritabrata dey : great graphics , beautiful music and the zen mode is awesome
albert bielsa : charming and thrilling at the same time. perfect graphics and details
imtiaz ali : a game that is made by love iam sure.
ribfan hariyanto : i love the flat scenery and peacefully bgm 5for this game
blair geiger : this game is magnificent. i had a blast playing it.
a google user : its reallll good. its quite simple but fun
bidyananda pukhrambam : wow! the game and its sceneries.
hn vo : a true work of art... the scenery and magic of this game is absolutely amazing! a must-get app; one of the best games i've had by far...
muhammad junaid : amazing gameplay breath taking graphics and awesome story line.
adrians : it's so good it smashes teeth.
amit sharma : beautiful music and having a very good gameplay
ben brown : best game ever played on my phone i love the game now but can you add some more things to buy
alexis mundle : this game is so calming, addictive, and fun. a must download.
sivraj chettri : music and graphics are very nice, play for fun
oscar gardeniers : best game i've ever played in the world and the other worlds
rex roy : but could introduce new tricks and new specials
ramandeep sharma : nice game loved it addictive nice gameplay excellent graphics
mahnoor rana : i love this game!
nino nanino : i really playing it all the day.. coz it's awesome game.. so download it and enjoy..
kam healy : i love altogether but try to add new obsicls.
hasan nagriwala : this game were very nice game this game were very great graphics
shuaib mughal : its addictive and has really. good music
a google user : it's a great past time tbh . big win
charbel makhlouf : the graphics are the best part of this game ,simple amazing game
angel gray : one of the most beautiful games on the cellphones! <3
aryan gupta : according to the size it's gonna be the best gamere regarding skating
shanu francis : super nice game sounding also... love it
jim barlas : finally i can enjoy a game!!! best gameplay..very good graphics...the music is perfect..deferent background everytime and is changing smoothly as you play...i have no words for this game...its the best for me...good job!!!!
devan varambhia : i can play on one phone but cannot continue on another.
nicholas guthrie : beautiful game, very relaxing to play.
muhammad affan : this game is great. not bad for a adventure game.
zennon s. : beautiful i love it its fun easy gorgeous and relaxing.
nathan taft : best mobile game i own!
a google user : amazing game! totally loved it. the music and sound is so pleasing. please add some more places!
luqman hidayat : still has some bug, but good game
subhasis chatterjee : a fantastic game. the zen mode is awesome!!
a google user : what a great game! plays with one hand too
chi-town lover : so fun and simple to play. i could play all day long. (^.^)
squidboy88 : ttuly a work of art, fun gameplay complemented by a beautiful sound track. whats not to like?
hunter turner : this game is a lot of fun, and addictive.
rob dixon : a great game that's appealing to the eye.
pasumpon pandian : has wonderful graphics and great sounds!!! while playing it i'm feeling so relaxed...
pippa rankin : lovely art style, really fun game
ian and alex weaver : love it!!! wish there were more places to travel
steve wilkes : breath of fresh air and beautiful aesthetic.
dude bro : best game ever atleast try it!!
gaurav sharma : great music
a google user : "watch video" doesn't work but apart from that it's great
raenyia anderson : so serene...beautiful music, graphics, and gameplay. easily the best downhill sledding/skiiing game on the store. fine work.
gabriel raphi : i uninstalled the game and all my progress is gone,can i recover this data
shashwat tiwary : watching and playing this game is so soothing and it also gives relaxation to our heart and mind, loved it!!!! :-) <3
neeraj alavelli : the game graphics are classy and splendid!! unmatched...
heather visser : graphics are beyond brilliant! really, really addictive. thank you!
eulalio lopez : amazing gameplay and great controls. very addictive
aaryan rane : the game is perform to pass time but is addictive ... been playing on and on
pritam paul : very soft and nice experience playing this game. superb
jason philip : great ui. wonderful scenery. soothing music. and oh, the zen mode!!
eric porter : easy controls, it pretty much just aims you downhill & lets you go! get it.
jaydon siemons : this game is very fun and addictive
sambhav saxena : i haven't played a game like dis.......... infinite fun....... must download
haidy a. : i love it so much it is my favorite game ever.
ankur varshney : it makes me to go for real snowboard.
a google user : this is the best game i hve ever played.
austin_jl : so satisfying so simple udderly perfect.
shavez alam : yeah dis iz 1 of da bst game....
jamey reso : amazing game. beautiful colors. great interface. solid gameplay. addictive. mesmerising.
thomas calton : this game is a good time waster and the backgrounds are beautiful
a google user : beautiful game, good for a quick time waster on the bus
angela cunanan : great graphics, straight-forward game
mr purova : it's relaxing and such a great game
lesh : great game. a great time passer. great graphics. great concept. great everything.
thescudman : its got everything you could ask for.
nightsin sarrow : its calm. smooth ride
infuriated scrunchie : i love this game so much.
scott winser : a rare combo and a great game to unwind.
lyadeku : i loved it...this is the best game i ever had
a google user : very nice, enjoyed it but no updates since ages
czars salad : one of the best games out there!
i like turtles : this is one of the best games ever with the best graphics!
jack p : very relaxing for such a difficult game.
rizki fahrurrazi : best game i ever played on mobile phone.
advik tibrewal : i would give 5 stars but every time i finish the last mission for a level and then go do something i get reverted back a level and the hard mission is now not done sometimes i skip the mission so when i get reverted back i have trouble completing it
lo : this is literally the most beautiful game i've ever played
shreshth : the best form of ski safari & with awesome background music
aca kostadinovski : one of the best games ever. piece of art1
shweta s : the game has a peaceful feel to it. i love it.
marsh : it's the most best graphiced game ever and i love it
n.a.v. : the music is extremely nice and soothing.
seventh prime : one of the best games i've ever played
charity goff : very relaxing, great end of the day chill out game
angelou sunga : the relaxness of this game is cool.!
a google user : it's really good and has soothing music with i love
kaushik parashar : sweet game. the zen mode really helps to sooth your mind. nice game.
pramod kumar : this game is very nice and it is snowing game i love this game very much
m. ifmi makhbrury, st : relax and fun, is the best
toms strals : i die when i wana check out the beutiful graphics.
deadpool : i just love this game.. graphics are amazing and music was mindblowing....but game data save..log in gmail is not working.. after log..i can't my save level game...
katelyn lawson : this game is addicting and the graphics are amazing i love it!!
the boss 21 : an amazing game, good graphics an very fun
ben weinstein-raun : the most beautiful game i've ever played
mr.gooch the third : it looks,runs and plays beautifully
games on : beautiful background music and graphics. i love this game
theslenderkiller :d : i play the game one time it is awesome!!!
diwaker patel : best game for time pass ! & the music was amazing !
brian james jabson : easy on the eyes. relaxing and fun game.
rin pestience : this is my most favorite game ever!!!
nihal shameem : i love this game very much and audio is nice to hear...
matas zavalis : there was a bug for me but now this game is great. recommend it.
saurabh s : i want to transfer my game progress to my iphone. please help.
petar orevic : a comfy game, very relaxing.
gregory : and nice atmospheric background music!
talha iftikhar : loved the adventure and the atmosphere. the best game ever.
abdul rahman : the game is just awesome...good gameplay and excellent graphics.. waiting
for alto's odyssey..
sampath kumar : loved the music, was so soothing and the zen mode.. totally loved the game
kishore kumar : i am so impressed by playing this game
a google user : needs to be played on big screen for full experience
yuan : should add mulitplayer and be able to customise you snowboarder
ajmal safi : you play means licked very much
steven barnard : lovely game with just enough callenge to enjoy playing
dimas subaktianto : nice for relax and as a friend when i waiting a reply from my bae
overl : i could spend all day playing this
akshay khakam : literally wowww what an game loved it no words
beople the_apple : it was awsome
dishant das : the games graphic and audio is awesome and immersive
dubmartian : it reminds me of minecraft in certain ways
buns_18 : its nice and calm i enjoyed it
chinmaya kumar nayak : i think this game has the best ever graphics
maj hlace : good ass graphiks and more
suresh kumar : graphics are good
future robot : one of the best game i have played ever
danyal azhar : one of the best game for android love it
zeth stedman : its a really relaxing time killer with great graphics
konamiz : come on we all know this game is super good
a google user : it was really fun to jump over dices
a google user : nice music and amazing graphics quality
anjana agrawal : the music touched my heart
jcvp z : so fun and zen mode is so nice
ethan brown : great game could do with a bit of tweeking
abhimanyu pathania : grateful that apps like this still exist
mehroz durrani : one of the best games i have ever played
marin cooke : i love everything about this app
ibrahim bettahar : incredible game and very beautiful world
lilsavage hernandez : really good i could play this game for ever
ajay morai : a very very good game of all time
jamar brown : beautiful game with simple but fun gameplay
juju elin : so smooth and extremely relax background music
niranjan ps : superb game with superb graphics and sound just love it
shivam kirti : its the most greatest coolest game i've ever played...its been 2 months since i installed this,and it doesn't bores me...incredible adventure game..i hope they update it with more cool features and additional characters...
bruno ramalho : loved it. great sound and ambient design.
omkar karkare : beautiful graphics, easy entertaining , & never bored to play..
shane permalloo : the graphic is superb and the gameplay fantastic. love this game.
rajendra shah : perfect game but please slow down that elder
pratish zaveri : very well thought game. very innovative.
chris ivan robert ceres : i can't even pass the first chasm on tutorial. what is wrong with me!?
a google user : awesome game with good graphics and relaxing music. best running game.
chris robinson : this game sucks, don't get it, it is a waste of time
joanther calderon : very relaxing and beautiful view and addicting
techno soft : very nice i haven't played it yet
geetha rajeev : very good physics, good beautiful snow and environment
audio vision vip : best game ever made in the world
a google user : i love it and i will play it over and over again
nyasha mangi : its all round perfect!
harel karni : highly recommend.
jirrod glynn : beautiful graphics, great gameplay, soundtrack is awesome
pizzagaming455 olives : you guys deserve 5bftwrs cause this game is a masterpiece the whole dreamscsor and the music wow the graphics too just good
tristan day : on par with hill climb for playability, great game
bernard austermiller : it calms you as you play it. especially endless mode
hadi koleilat : fun and exciting adventure, keeps you occupied for hours
nasanbuyan baasanjav : the graphics aren't bad and plays beautiful music
zahra khan : just awsome. there should be a download of the zen track
giovana meneses : really awesome that's all i can say about altos adventure
moo mooo : it's really great especially the zen mode !! highly recommended to all who likes to spend their time alone in their room ^^
grimzly : beautiful graphics remarkable back ground relaxing music
norm alman : such a beautiful but simple art style.
shrinjoy thakur : simple game, good music, beautiful
mark bowler : sorry to have completed it, best game on android
john mistretta : one of the best mobile games ever. beautiful. simple. rewarding. challenging.
fajar hidayat : graphic,gameplay,sound, is awesome
anurag guria : the music is amazing! so peaceful
caveman dave : this game helped me find true peace.
aryan dubey : a must have game .
soumyadeep chatterjee : just loved the game& the music and scenery is so beautiful!!!!
a google user : found a worthy replacement of subway surfer. xp
paul arnold : i love this game and it's graphics
kai mcisaac : addictive and fun best game ever
sam joseph : great game but gets a bit boring
levi nooe : great addictive game. i play it daily.
jesse maher-watson : simple game, very fun, easy to compete
praful kothari : great graphics good concept but lacks variation.
xxspazzattacxx : i can't describe how beautiful this game is
sengo sree : it's best adventures game
atulya srinivasan : amazing game. gr8 graphics too
arti gupta : nice graphichs
a google user : i'm satisfied. it calms my mind
siddharth dasgupta : the most beautiful game app ever!
abdullah matalgah : very simple looking game but it's really interesting
khaled mikado : its awesome game luv it with special music
tasnim ahmad : clearly one of the best android game. very addicting
ajatshatru singh : the simplicity of this game is its usp .
cierra graham williams : i love the game it's really good
raj singh : this game is my fav. beautiful music and gameplay..most relaxing game ever..
hiro shin : very awsome... this is my favorite game now
sanjay krishna : i don't know how to thank you guys....i love this.
iori yagami : sooooooooo good adventure game i've ever played
craig mcleod : a fantastic game to play or to just zen out on.
rohit pawar : really want the soundtrack of the game. in love with it. the new game mode's music is so relaxing. keep it up and if you could send the soundtrack, i'll be very thankful to you guys. good job!!!!!!
ian hall : this is an amazing game with is graphics and gameplay. 10/10
gaming nova : best offline game, great
elzod adilkhodjaev : brilliant game to kill the time! thank you!!
alan : nice gameplay, nice graphic, nice music, nice main menu design.
kernel zero : this game is my favorite.
sarangthem khonachand singh : a relaxing and immersive experience like no other.
kool kid : its just that calm.
annette bellamy : i love this game. it's addicting
james jackson : awesome game great physics and great textures
john david madera : i wish there's too many tricks
kobe kintanar : this is really the best and relaxing game so far.
matei : lovely. i think multiplayer could be a great idea
redmat76 : it's a good1 game when you feel like snowboarding
hugo severinsson : probably the best game on the play store.
rahul bahadur : nice graphics and nice gaming experience.
muhammed raseen : awesome game,but i'm using a bluetooth headset the audio is dropping and very noisy no problem with wired headset is there any way to solve that problem?
kudakwashe mushunje : really like the graphics and music.
martin boonzaaier : very addictive. love the simplicity
myron meng : the scene and the music both are gorgeous.
icarus : this game is a treat to the eyes and ears.
tushar g : great game for time pass! absolutely love it!
srinjoy samanta : awasome game . so much realistic theme .
f4wkes : i love it, it's very relaxing and addictive
umesh prasad : good game...you can understand the changing weather in just few minutes..
tarun dutta : this game is bumper .
m. maxwell : amazing art style, love it
seth martinez : this game is a great game overall it's relaxing, enjoyable, and most importantly it's awesome!!!!
zaid azmi : i dont waste my time rating apps n games ....but this game is worth rating it ....all stars...gr8 game wid lovly scenery ...one of da best games i have played since my childhood
robie diano : even if it's so simple, it's very enjoyable
jawahar jr : great music and visuals .love it so much
noah olsen : just get it the plug in headphones the play.
kuldeep tripathi : i love this game.......my best game ...... great graphics, great background music feels awesome during play game, relaxation game,, i just loved this game...
christian tamondong : its a great game but theres only one type of flip.i know snowboarding have many kind of flip but that's only a suggestion..totally....awesome!! good job!
sst ! : love the zen mode so much
pratik dasgupta : it calms your mind.really peaceful
elliot hemes : simply gorgeous. challenging and fun for short snippets of distraction.
h- zyy : never played a game like this!! so pleasant. heaven feel. music is so amazing. must play
chandan sarkar : you must have this game for your spare time.
it's phantom : u font c this type. of animation nowadays
jranda : for a gamer my self i have a deep love for this game the zen mode is so cool you get to watch the scenery and listen to the relaxing music this game earns a 5 stars
nugroho suyudi : this game have a good graphic and i love it.
shailly dighe : "game is too good but the newly updated *zen* mode is just awesome... the music is excellent"... can i get this music downloaded...
margie mejia : cute grapix good time killer
jay kasundra : zen mode is beautifully calm and music is nice
lewisowen51234 : absolutely the worlds best phone game ever
damien reynolds : best offline games so much fun it's addictive
jonah r : i love everything about this game, from the fraphics style, to the overall concept of it
dato .khornauli : really nice game.
jerzy twarowski : loved the zen mode.
lin c : its a nice game that i like to play
andrew hewitt : lovely game. could play for hours
manuela olinovici : one of the nicest games.
khan al amin : thank you noodlecake. thank you.
the nerdtron : i just love love the game play
kebra d : this game is so beautiful i love it so much
priti patel : i played it once then i kept on playing it
thunderback zatirn : just loved it my new favourite game
david tomechko : it is a fun fun game two play
lin krejsa : an amazing game with unbelievably awesome graphics.
spacematic studio : beautiful game, simple gameplay, great graphic and music...
bcd x : i never played the best game!! i love you and, good luck with your, game. i never loved any, of game on! play store!!! and never, give up. with your game! please! read this!! and i give this not 5 star!! i giving it, it 10! star more then that!!!!! best game ever.
matthew morton : i find the game music and art style amasing but there is an issue with the menu system sometimes i have to click something up to 6 times to get it to respond this happens a lot with the pause button and resume button i find it quite annoying and would be happy to see it fixed in a future update
akashsingh sisodiya : awesome graphics, relaxing music. peaceful.
bear despenza : it almost sucked me in. so relaxing and peacful
lucas gamaleri : don't you think it is a long time? they were taking less time before
vido : it's super simple and super hard to put down
jatheesh mohan k j : player is too small. can i zoom a bit... or increase his size... except that the game is awesome....
kumar santosh : soothing music, and lots of fun and adventure
bhargav raval : i love this game. it's music is ohh my god.it's mind blowing game.and it's zen mod is mind freshening.by this game i become relax.but plz..plz...put some new update in this game.
sir. overkill : it's good that's all i have to say
shanky j : zen mode makes things more interesting
steven lezin : i can't stop playing this game!!!!
jack h : one of the best games on the play store.
young g : very peaceful and relax game fun
mason miller : download and try it.
a google user : this game is amazing and a relaxing one.
siva kumar : can't jump the ramp
6.19 weekend : awesome graphics,awesome sound,awesome daylight and night,awesome awesome awesome.
enbok pahsyntiew : lovely scenery + music !! so heartwarming !!
agung permana : i love the graphics. great graphics
zavier brewer : this is how you make an indie game.
haziq yusri : this games is one of a kind.
nathaniel taylor : it's an awesome game and the music is so calming.
morne vs : not very likely that i would review a game , but for this one i will make an exception...its an amazing game all in all...well done...you have a winner here...
a google user : this is my favorite game of all time! it's challenging, addicting,and just plain amazing.
pro gaming : i love the game the front screen i love it would be cool thanks if they created altos adventure 2 please you are welcome for the comment
jamaal thom : i really enjoy the control system which is very simplistic .
krithiga r : mountains! what more do i want? :d zen mode and it's sound track is the best! and triple backflips with maya! <3 just love this game!
akula alpha : beautiful and relaxing. really love the music
betty 37 : is so cool dood
the true galactus : this game is breath taking
rex el : so simple yet engaging and beautiful
jeophry khomdram : the music is just soul soothing
a google user : very beautiful and entertaining little game
gabe fellus : soooo good highly recomended
a google user : gave me the feel of shivaay
govind s : excellent game with sleek controls and graphics loved it
ganapathikumar u : it is different from other games
king awesomeness : game is so nice love graphics
charlie fischer : the game is so addictive and calming
nishant duhan : this game is just awesome
carson cheney : its absolutely beutiful and fun 5 stars
hagen foster : i think that you should be able to frontflip
kellli todd : best snow boarding game of all
saiteja annu : very nice game i ever played
rabeeh ibrahim : simply awesome one of the great relaxing game
aakash saha : good and peaceful game with excellent graphics
abhinav shiva : gr8 sfx and soothing music
abdallah mounib : need more tricks to do
sunny shah : completed all 60 levels
soogato roy : reminds me of tombraider
nitilesh palande : awesome game and there graphics and music
charlie mcdonald : title
abdulrhman hesham : that is the best game i ever seen
paul newman : best game i have found to date
oscar solis : i can play this game for hours
julio otto m.e : the best game of all times
my t : nice game and best graphics really
kartik batle : an awesome game for time pass
utkarsh singh : only game that gives u a soothing feel
oscar whitaker : one of the best visual games ever
roshan jha : awwsome addictive art
eythan winterringer : graphics are good
dried lem0n : one of the most beautiful games
kuldeep more : i just love everything about this game
a google user : the game is very good
michael raymond : fun and good time filler
javan milla : its a great game with lots of future potential
jason patsourakos : awesome game please add more music
sneaky fuck by rengar : very awesome graphics
stephan alexander : by far one of the catchiest games for mobiles
andrew stuff : its a good game to pass the time
michael reidy : love tje music and background in zen mode
sampad hembram : best adventure game ever with small size
albert daniel : really liked the atmosphere of playing the game
zakir millwala : i just enjoy playing this game
sameh mishriky : it is the best game i have seen
merdzhan todorov : the graphics are amazing but not the gameplay
md ali : best loved it
ramirro xd : graphics are just mindblowing period
ken cavanaugh : great art work and music
titan gaming : love the art stile really suites the game
gabe kiran : simple graphics with an addictive gameplay!! love the game!
ramon alcaraz : i like it that's a really good idea
gokul manohar : one of the most fun and simple game i've ever played.
dinesh bhat : beautiful minimal game :) relaxed play
aemilia hayes : yes! it's free again! this is a really good app and you guys... instsll it!
anna kain-kuzniewski : it was really good and very addictive.
zakaria salim : enjoyed every bit of it.
jung hee yu : awesome design, hope that i can customize my own character. :)
vignesh babu : amazing game ever in adventure part.
mossy : lovely graphics/soundtrack
hashim ahmad : to describe it in one word: majestic
jason adams : calming and fun. use your headphones
wiyokto christian : i love this game! nice work!
lucia contreras : just beautiful. a work of art.
jarrod rossouw : this game is awesome. love it.
praneeth noule : it would be great if there would be zoom in option in the game...
anbar nawar : i love this game!
dee patel : simple to play, and hugely addictive. beautiful graphics, great soundscape, and zen inducing game play... didn't hesitate to pay the 3. worth every penny. this is how all games should be made...
james martinez : beatiful game, just teadious at times
hussein taiseer : this game causes happiness
anna lim : especially love the music!
jaime holland : easy to learn, lovely graphics, addictive
a google user : amazing thats all you can say.
vijay mane : fast downloading speed huh!
reinier john avila : easy to learn. simple mechanics. fun.
tre'von owens : it helps me clear my mind. wish i could various songs to listen to
michelle pangilinan : cool! my stress reliever for life.
ashton lucas : decent. ads are not intrusive which is a big plus.
s. day : very nice game! simple, yet fun. even costs on ios.
emivo : it's incredible, i love the graphics, and the atmosphere that the own game has created, it's wow!!!
k n : price is outrageous on iphone though
abhinandan bala : amazing experience. had a lot of fun.
icyillusion9060 : it is amazing with all of the h things in it
a google user : its so good.everything about it is so amazing.
ava kelehan : this game is awesome just awesome.
joshua aaron : this game is full of beautiful view !
zane busch : very calming but lacking action
elijah brown : very peaceful. i love love love the soundtrack and the graphics
vassilis bakalas : the quallity of the game is the best...im surprised that you don't have to pay........best game ever
shalom ukpai : thank you so much! a wonderful game with a simple concept, beautiful imaginary and relaxing music, what more can i ask for? i really love this game! :).
a google user : it was a awesome game and it has a perfect scenary.
mtg - morattu tamil gaming : i loved it so much
a google user : already completed all levels but kept it for its soundtrack. very pleasant. dev's.
jan holik : amazing, very addictive, i love this game.
skyler whitehill : just a very good good good and great game to play
a google user : chilled game, fun, great style and graphics
robert dugmore : awesome. specifically loved the beautiful graphics
tanay zambare : it's best & pleasant game
abhilash soni : it's nice this game is very nice
scott maginity : i love the music, art, and gameplay
andy doyle : love this game, so relaxing and fun
yohan alexander : best graphics and cool game
suravi prachanda : visually and musically wonderful experience
ashish : amazing game for stoned people.
chandan das : this game is gr888. specialy with zen mode its just awsuummm. luvd it.
henry morrow : chill out in free mode or unlock new boarders in missions.
sanjay : awesome game,good weather changing system
son tung nguyen : gives me a relaxing state of mind. thanks
charan dass : it is very nice games.
vishal sharma : its really nice game ..its like 10*
hrishabh satankar : but i am unable to restore my progress... help..!!
muhammad hossain : add more characters.
duncan watt : challenging, rewarding, and quietly pleasant.
shiv chopra : music is very good.
ahmed khattab : addictive, great in every aspect
a google user : awesome graphics and gameplay
dan le masurier : moved to new phone and lost all progress...
cait ee : don't need to spend money to enjoy
abdul dhansay : perfect example of a great mobile game.
tiago aguiar : amazing relaxing game. great soundtrack too
a google user : absolutely beautiful game. would definitely recommend.
subhrajit ghosh : play with relaxation.
nilaksha edirisinghe : well done.. awesome music and nice animations
teja savaram : good graphic.decent game play
mathilda kennedy : this game is a joy to play, beautiful , simply beautiful
ankur gupta : loved it. nice and pleasing music.
fraser hancey : wow it is amazing scenery and music. love it.
nithin nick : having a fun by playing this game, super game
naveenk kadiyam : love the game nothing to point out simply awesome great job by the creators......
a google user : i think it is very addictive. and challenging
rachel gill : ill be tapping to jump, and if i'm not in the tutorial nothing happens
adrian byrne : music makes me horny
adithya v : it is hard to download by its koll
a freeone : basically another version of ski safari
hanane serhani : thisss the besttttt gameeee i ever hadd
b : maybe adding more worlds and weather
dr shaheer : you can play it most of the times
a google user : i really love it alot. but i can't seem to find the character selection.
who : good to play on a dark rainy day
rajat kesharwani : one of the best game of all time.
mona tajik : this gamr is really goooooood. i like it
princess niya : one of the best game i have ever played
trevdadonn : this games is so amazing and cool
da hustle : good graphics,good game itself
a google user : great game. fun exciting and.
altersky penguin : quite relaxing.. i love the zen mode
sreekar parsa : time pass game and moreover catching those llamas are really fun
m abhilash : can't stop playing
paul farrington : awesome game with a wonderfull soundtrack.
datta chodankar : it's awesome i love this game creators of this game i love
forever alone : nothing to say...great graphics,great soundtrack,easy to play,and it's free!!totally worth it
freedom freedom : it's relaxing , joyful , affective
fu5ion prodigy : its so amazing!good music to it's just so...good!i recommend you buy this!it has good graphics and it's fun therefore being challenging at the same time!all i can say to the creators is:good job!
sam muqsith : soothing music and beautiful background landscape.
-__- : the flips are so smooth
harsh kumbhar : very good and enhanced game
ashutosh thakre : amazing soundtrack and backgrounds in zen mode!!
tushar tewari : impressive game & heart touching music
dark star : great game. wish it could go deeper
fahad alie : the best game to get peace of mind.
abhishek kumar : most relaxing game i've ever played
nabeel ahmed : beautiful graphics game... feels relaxed while playing alto
jesus yescas : love this game addicted to it.
jason dahl : one of the best mobile games out there.
m bhattacharjee : one of the best game ever made.
tamal dhara : one of the remarkable gem of google play store.
raj shekhar : awesome game, smooth feeling with play
shitsdeeflakey : this game is amazing and very immersive.
rat man : i love this game! i can't stop!
gnome vision : nice and calming and a bit adictive. just awsome
wiccan conservative : amazing graphics and fast gameplay. perfect game
alice george : but very small things
raspberry_ wiskey : beautiful game i love it and its really fun
nooraldeen subhi : its short game but its nice game
subir mandi : i relay like this game
i d : add new characters or create a character and a new mode
jj zuro : this game is so fun and so entertaining
running wolf : great it never lags at all and again i love it
swapna saha : this is so beautiful and the scenery and music is so niceeeee
zo-ren baey : awesome game. definitely recommend.
jean pierre vasquez : put on some mgmt while playing this and you'll be in nirvana.
simply_sav : llamas everywhere so majestic :d
a google user : its the best relaxation and fun with adventure in one.
johnathan petty : stuck on the opening level not being helped by all of the prompts, they are slowing me down.!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
iride : its awesom and the zen mode is an amazing experience.
rashique ul latif : don't install ..... lousy game
a google user : the sound affects are super realistic
kishore raja : elegant gameplay and graphics
heh heh : its calmly and a relaxing game
jack yuu : i hope there's a christmas update on this game.
matthew hardman : it's really great.
space tech : love all team who made the game
nandan singh : a effective and efficient use of creativity
tenseixwrld : the music is so insperatinal
call of duty channel : very cool and so good
wian hiepner : it is a very cool game
amelia o'brien : amazing game love it so much
_____ : fantastic graphics and very smooth gameplay
venkat vinayak : this is one of my best game
mrwhite yo : great fun an zen mode is the business
perryplayz : great graphics and awesome music
nitin dora : cool graphic love it
loose 137ent : great you should add customization
zoran milutinovic : awesome game the best ever on android
sanjay : magnificent visuals and fantastic score
nizampatnam murali krishna : awesome game very lovely music
karim mohammed : it is a very good game
ahmad qaddomi : very relaxing game
tomer plitman : just lovely and really fun to play
hatim chathiwala : calm and cool game with fine music
arjun vats : where artistic beauty meets gaming
marti vincze : amazing graphics relaxing game
mohit akundi : beautiful graphics with amazing soundtrack
tecnoman : mind blowing game and relaxing
frs hh : this is game is so awesome thanks
kiran unni : nice game with addictive graphics
prabha sharma : just wow loved everything about this game
gaurav dighe : amazing game with good graphics and music
leonardo coakley jr. : probably the best game i played on mobile
a google user : it would
carleen douglas-white white : boss so soothing its great
nikhil p.s : excellent graphics and soothing music in the background
venomx - : really i love
dewarren faulkner : best game especially the snowing boarding
tom benton : beautiful game easy and very addictive
saranyan venugopalan : completed it lol
kamikazi's gaming lounge : its a really fun game
twoforoneseth : this game is calming and rewarding to play
ajith cherian : its soo nice to play
vaibhav jain : easy to load and play
am nislin : the best game i ever played
anaranya roy : love this game
harshal kadam : one of the best games ever played
akintade akinterinwa : i love every moment on this game
brian o'neil : fun and exceptionally well done
sekhar beri : getting awesome feeling when playing
gvs prasad b : amazing interface and music
martin gazsi : download it now
connor bradbury : this game is beautifully soothing
loudness junior : the best free game ever
a google user : it gives me peace
wevv : omg get it such good graphics
ravi shinde : great games no words addicted
sebastian jm : nice background and feel relaxed
a google user : great game one of the best
crispin velez : great game and awesome gui
a google user : a good game to play when baked
simon berry : brilliant game all round
terrence stewart : it is a great time killer and very fun
seiichi : its a great game over all
i tobester : i think this game is the best game ever!
asit kumar ray : thanks to noodlecake & snowman ;) . so good, smooth drift ...
bijendra shrivastav : amazing gameplay! pleasing on eyes and ears!
maryll delposo : i love the art so much!!
dipra chakma : i've played this game 2year..ago. so satisfying...great time pass
game..thanks for this game..
ahmad muslih : perfect! nice song and beautiful grapichs!
mun sal : great its really a great game.i really loved playing this game,the music,the graphics and the scenery...just loved it...a lot!!
james : awesome game but it really annoys me that the soundtrack restarts everytime i die because it gets very repetitive and i would prefer if the music just kept playing instead of restarting
suman dey : the game have a great graphics, good control....i love it...
lily bray : the screen shakes and alto suddenly stops, leading to unfair losses. please fix?
akila herath : add some new contents please.
shahriar sam : it is the best game in my experience of my life.
akemi san : the most beautiful game i've ever seen. thank you. | , - . .
lily perez : this game is more addicting than cocaine!
rifat sarkar : wow it's the best game for me.i request to noodkecake studies to make this kind of games....thanks to noodkecake studi
shreya chandra : nice graphics....fresh scenes..n music iz awesome... loved it..best game
gladinn jimson : at a loss for words!!
israel t : 4k graphics and a zen mod for when u want to just chill and relax
vminfictionstwolearners : amazing.. doesn't force you to watch crap adds.
raghu raman : its not about the game it's the music!
racha : this is the best phone game i've tried so far...the environment is really amazing and so beaitiful..and it even has zen mode...what do you want more from a game ?
a google user : love it so much, hardly lags on you !
mamdouh a : this game is just amazing really amazing!!
marcefox123 : really good game, love the music and graphics
premjyoti dhar : really loved the concept of the game..simple graphics with clean audio... loved it
ragaila jones : zen mode is amazing.. a great stress release
toris swain : smooth and relaxing gameplay. visually stunning
monzer assar : this game is a true masterpiece. the graphics, the gameplay and the music,
judah harmon : it's a great time waster
ohie c : can't even make a single ramp jump
baldomero castillo : i like it but night come to soon .
deepu : a natural and beautiful background.... awesome stunts in skate board ..... is great...better than any other adventure game..thanks..
cory fowler : has google play progress but lost all progress for length :(
rajorshi sarkar : hooked to the minimalistic environ, and the track....it's a rare one!
shourav banik : just got one word: awesome. looks amazing.. sounds great.
ahmed husham mohamed : this game offers everything i expect from it.
julia septiani : simple yet so addictive! love it!
kathleen fiona : its addictive and awesome.. loved it so much.. best..soothing..and peaceful game so far..
prithwis chattopadhyay : this is the most beautiful game i've ever played. and the music...it relaxes.... thanks to the developer...,
deep mitra : this game is good overall but i didnt find play games save progress feature and it will be good if it gives us some achievements
a google user : fun!and cool game!love it
sanuga nanayakkara : relaxing......fun........and one of the most beautiful artstyles i've ever seen in a game.
jennifer scalise : i played the game, got ti the end (or rather, achieved all the goals) i reset the game, and now at 17,000 metres the screen goes crazy...a glitch i assume? can it be fixed?
sage pank : please add a full moon in zen mode.
sam friedman : really nice graphics, fantastic soundtrack, and great game play.
kenn cooper : love it so much.. this game...the digital world would be different without it.
maria delgrande : i play it all the time!
florian patrigeat : awesome, but just a problem, how to activate the wingsuit please ??
christiaan fick : love this game just a bit laggy sometimes
yukti pal : wow what a beautiful game!!! the concept, the art and the music all come together so magically!! really well done!!!!!
ashish runda : this is one of my favorite games of all time for android...
james young : i love the apo . it's fun and addictive!
milk's for the homies : i love this game its amazing but i would like there to be more more modes like one where you ski all the way down the mountain and other mountains with different difficulties
jha'mauri mccreary : "how could anyone not like this game?! it's definitely a game you can imagine playing...."
shouvik banik : awesome music , beautiful art work !! the zen mode is just
rasorial : best game, love it.
thabang samuel : good game but make it more difficult
karthigeyan murugesan : what a nice game to chill out.!!!satisfying music...
eric l : great f in game... love it! :)
taji frierson : you can hardly see the rocks can they fix that :( plz
pureghost 367 : like i said awesome!!!!!! man the guy who made this must be awesome!!!
b : i wish i could get a little more zoomed view
haluk cagatay kir : cloud saving shoul add in via facebook
cande b. : fun. relaxing. beautiful graphics. simply amazing.
harshwardhan prasad : quit and a calm game with soft music...
sixsahi santos : it's an addicting,fun game
richa agrawal : the best time pass and the best game
rajan rajak : very very interesting game cool game
crazy gamer : i love this game
a google user : please download this game
salman channa : i appreciate the team of this game
siddhant joshi : it is very nice game it is very interesting
aiman haziq haikal : wow nice the game
jay janiani : alto is a great surfer
ethan campbell : i love the game and the music a amazing game
abu rafi : played with love... one of the best gameplay i've ever seen.
marco acosta santofimio : fun to play and nice graphics.
janeia ahki : awesome,cool and lit
rex : love the game and its peacful.
kaasie rudolf : this game is so fun and addicting from the second i first started playing it....so fun!!!
g anderson : great game.
tlou manamela : i love it everything is tops.
victoria thompson : beautiful relaxing and smooth gameplay.
adith anirudhan : it has nice graphics and background music also.....love it
jonatan zabuski : best graphics in mobile, awsome
devulapalli anirudh : such a lovely and wonderful game.
akhil aji : it's awsome..the graphics,background music...everything is just perfect..play it with your headphones
prashant maniram : simple & beautiful relaxing game
a. catto : splendid and peaceful design.
rahul kore : music is beautiful and graphics too.
omer fad : as i played more...i began realizing how great this game was...awesome scenery and graphics...
ranjan arora : looking forward to actually playing it!
aarsh shah : i had unlocked paz and was just two missions away from unlocking lama . my whole progress is gone....
izhar mughal : very nice game. i like it this music :-* plz update. thanks
josh garcia : just downloaded this game. so relaxing and so gorgeous!!!
vibhu vinod : it's just so calming..
x- gameing : i think the game is awesome but u need to update things and add things like in zen u should put elders and u should also make other snowboards with certain abilities like speed boost or something and i also think u should add random animals like a mountain lion or u should add pets and a multiplayer would be nice
tem lastname : like the graphics.
limberg pasiona : its fun and relaxing. thanks
a google user : one of my favourite hangout.
aman aggarwal : wonderful game, just love it
william wood jr : love this game.
lusu : the most calming game about.
rebecca bermudez : very fun and addictive. graphics, tricks, workshop, levels, etc, everything is cool.
a google user : my all family members are like alto's ... we love it !!
dawood khan : hello guys how r u all gamers like our page on fb by (gaming world) name
salleh armat : this game always make me relax.. thanks..
adv saptarshi kar : just download it...nd see for urself
mary : this is the coolest game ever. it is soooooooooo fun!!!
bernat go : great game, for spend time
michelle gerez : cool game, very addicting
khanh le : unlock izeal. she awesome
shivam sharma : it is a pretty neat game.
dhavala sujata : outstanding brillant......the graphis and sound of this game takes me some where a brilliant game the sound was marvoles superb i.... loved. this. game a master piece
tanmay gargav : awesome graphics, awesome sound
hamza ghumman : boogie the grand tour episodes of the maths book the tickets are available in the morning and evening entertainment and the half blood pressure and a half day today i have been a long time no speak
andre wium : really addictive game!
sajith t : not just five....i would give a hundred stars for this game.... superb background score..by using headphone you will really enjoy playing it... especially the zen mode...
akhilesh krishnan raghunathan : back light switching off as usual when playing game, this i believe is a bug . please help me
cuddy mack : this game is for real playas only!!
ryan rankine : you won't be disappointed!
thedeadmf : i landed on my head and saw blood the sleigh ran me over and i once hit a pilgrim in the town
mashood musthafa : need some upgrades controles/night view
banj o : it's very casual.
gaming fight club : aniamtion is tooooo goood... nice time pass entertaining game...
rekha bag : i like this game...its so beautiful.. when i open the game i pleased ..
varun karayat : the soundtrack is epic... it's the game's greatest strength... apart from that, background/scenario and gameplay is also more than osm really loved it
ashley : i absolutely love it and the music is on point, i listen to it when i do my school work because it helps me concentrate. and i love snowboarding so yeah...its the perfect game
sandilya garimella : awesome game.. soothing music
vishesh sahota : the most beautiful and relaxing game i've ever played....
azim naif nasri : could you add more trick...such as triple backflip,360 in the air,and others.... because i can do more than double backflip....and i hope add more place(different background)..tq
prajwal d : beautiful background music....feels like playing again and again due to amazing background music...loved it....
phillip leao : ...this is another one that does not save your progress
dan b : i love this game! weeeeeee!! (backflips off rail onto ramp onto rail) hey, how about more characters?? loving the new zen mode, btw.
irwind kee : need more jump style and auto rename photo shoot
koushik raha : play it and tell us what you think
a google user : puts a smile on my face ebmver tine i play this game
vaschenna : this game is my bae and im proud af
narendra choudhary : loved the soundtrack ... plz add more
sneha saini : no other game can replace this... graphics = 5/5 music = 5/5 great time pass! overall it's an end! there is no other game that can compete alto! must download..simply gorgeous!
yori_nanda : please add to play with multiplayer..
stefan stojanovic : one of the most beautiful games on google play
bigboymeme exists : epic game can't stop playing it !
edwin weed : i've played this game many times and i thaught it was addicting at 9ne point
sayeed md : beautiful game...makes me feel cool
sandylo kevyn : beautiful graphics, good controls and awesome game...
x 1three : thanks to the creator of this game...
my name is shrek, whats your name? : beautiful music, relaxation, great graphics!!!! amazing!!!! so entertaining, so amazing!!!!!
unclearkibbles 2 : beautiful music... awesome gameplay... and the best ever that i have played...
hirzan windhia : it's just great
dan woodd : awesome little chill-out time-waster.
haris shaikh : the graphics are awesome ....i like it
shafi ullah : good graphics... great time killer
riand evendi : the game stop when i sign in to my google play account
riyan : game had some fun to me ... great graphics good theme... awesome adventures game!!!!!!
brian mckiernan : instant classic, it's a must have!
servinta topayung : great game, so fun
aditya singh : it's very immersive, i just can feel the wind...
tasos papalyras : the graphics are sweet *0*
justine joy : it's an amazing game ...good game and a pleasant feel....very addictive ....loved it
jessica roberta : can you add more mode...? it's like party/colorfull mode. or... theme...?original, colorfull,party,ocean,parade,old... i think it would be nice
ranveer singh : loved it.
carl sargunar : great game. relaxing and fun.
christina s : it's a superb game!!!!!! u shouldn't miss it!!! for me, it's more adventurous then other running games!!!!
a google user : and it's beautiful the settings wow and
sunil singh rathor : really nice and awesome not boring ...as other adventure games ... different...
aseem ali : relaxed gameplay... beautiful soundtrack
prashant vikram singh : excellent woww besttttt.. my ideal game.. exactly the type of game i wanttt..
adrianna : i love this game and all like a part two of it! this game is so relaxing,beautiful and fun:-) if you want to download this game please do because it is gunu be really cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
joe andrieu : awesome. clean, slick, beautiful to play
prasanta swain : one of my best game.
romulo areal : great combination of music and gameplay :)
quin : great game/time eater
kabir sheikh : good but can improve.
kristijo hurt : good game to pass time.
jon portillo : great game
a google user : it's a whole lot of fun
nita yulistiani : love ui, music, gameplay, everything. plus it's support offline mode. :)
ramana vijay : i love this game....good graphics...and lovely music...and weather...simple game but interesting....
a google user : love it!!!!!!. the music. the scenery. the concept. absolutely love it. the best game i have played
rob : beautiful music and graphics!
vaibhav kate : descent graphics and sceneries.... zen mode is fabulous...
james jack : please don't stop working!! make more
abu sabiq mahdi : amazing lighting and marvellous sound!
ashish dadheech : excellent work on this game.. music,graphics,weather, skylight...love it...
mohammad saad ansari : great game, music and design. little ads, optional.
budgies world : question why alto can't ride on llama like elder
jayant : sometimes alto doesn't jump when wingsuit is available
ong shanie : beautiful game. created for wanderlusters.
aayush chaprana : lovely and sweet game. especially the sound
dark vibe records : this game is just that. it's awesome :)
raul andrei : one of the best mobile games!
shoaib shaikh : nice graphic just loved it!
sarod ss : 5 stars just for the music!
wjroby : one of the best games ever!
bee bee : i do love it, very hard levels !! add some more games please??
a google user : i like this game a lot.
k s k fernando : my favourite game so far. . plz i have finished the game.. looking forward for something new
jezrel manlangit : graphics and background music are amazing!
elephant ace : it's so pretty and fun
dr. abhilash lahkar : it's cool n refreshing
karen ross lee : i love it. its very relaxing.
sop : love it so much! the music is calming----
stumble bee : beautiful & so addicting.. can't wait for odessy!
abdul kamil f : introduce many games like this!!!!
fouzia rahman : i liked its graphics and the strategy when i played itbut only there is mountains not any other scenary
azmal hossain : its a masterpiece. ...my favourite game....when i get time i play this.
anshul : beautiful game but the music is simply wow...
the diy corner for everyone : i just loved this game.....this game is jus fabulous. never thought to find such type of game
patrick douglas : added adds.....ate thru 250mb of data in 3 hours......
ujjwal vishwakarma : never played such a cool game....
dar mudasir : worst experience with this game.....hate it
jocelyn turcotte : simple, polished and fun!
meno potato : i have fallen in love with game
sabrina mohamed hasnol : i really love the music. it's so....magical
john tsi : hours of peace..
sayantan bhattacharyya : skiing with mesmerizing music.... just awesome.
lori renee burnett : relaxing.
nitin vellore : it's a happy feeling with that music... just love it
dimitar kocev : the best 2d game, love it.
arnab saha : it's music wow......when i play the game,i feel ...i am in heaven...
slushberry boxingg : this is a real sexy game!
mohan kumar chintada : one of my favourite game!
atul yadav : music and background is very refreshing...
amritansh malviya : awesome game..found a gem on play store...music is too good..
suresh kumar : fantastic game and awesome music
a google user : superb....nice bgm......give more pleasure to play.....equipment bmg are expecting....
keturah holden : the graphic are phenomenal! i love it!:)
sam rock : the guy who directed the background music was simply relaxing....just loved it...zen mode was awesome...no words to say.!!
sanket patil : simply loved it. beautiful! :-)
aarya mane : loved it!!!!.... awesome...!!...
aditya dhamija : it's a beautiful game.
iw yang : this game is... truly amazing. i love it!!!!! title: wow.. amazing...
quentin dmello : this game's interface is amazing!.....and the music too
abu reza : pretty awesome ... just love this game :)
a google user : too good. keep it coming.
ritik atwal : superb game and soooo addictive.... i'm lovin it...!!!!
dennis david : this is a masterpiece .. and it's really touches my heart..
jainam shah : very relaxing . loved the music .
vinayak mhaske : must play this game.... smooth and fine.... adventure in soft way...... i loved it....
mohamed althaf : fabulous game... nice concept.. speical kudos to background score...
purple thomas : this game is so beautiful i am crying
jon doe : peaceful and zen-like. awesome!
bikash parida : nice game ....amazing grapics....guys this really fun game....
vallalar : wow, raining effect look awesome, environment is amazing, the game look like a art!!!!
vishal mistry : awesome graphics!!!! love the zen mode
suman de : it's an emotion....
yves pichavant : it is so cool!
zenthum : the graphics is amazing!
casca : its nice, calming. i love the style.
christopher fallins : oughta try making a game that doesn't revolve around ads and revenue
michelle kim : it's a good app.
mario ivan estrada delgado : really good game :)
lujain ahmed : the best game ever
sohom chowdhury : one word- beautiful!
sangit chakraborty : most sweet game i have ever played...
a google user : cool i love and so does my family
omar khaled : i this game
hyquokka : loved this game...so calm so serene!!
jen allen : loved it.
prasanth gopalakrishnan : very addictive.... still playing
surajit das : addictive game..good for time passing..
a google user : to pass through the levels takes a lot of time.
insuu : i just love this game!
andre van kraayenburg : great game!!
kevalin sharma : loved it!!!great graphics!
sugam mishra : game with good graphics!!
coach col : rocks are too hard to see
thony dominique : the tutorial had problems
yeshwanth kumar : gets boring after a while
manuel diaz : it all ways stops
jacob aicher : ads kill the games style
gautam dhiman : amazing ..can't stop playing
jesse thibodeau : brilliant. beautiful. amazing. perfect.
usman haider 19ballb015 : it's soo beautiful!
darrell parkhill : i love this game more than bacon...
mayank singh : best game ever played
the puppylover :3 : it's great and it has great graphics
leo oracoy : just add people...walking by the mountain or something?
judy sexton : it's so good!
a google user : this game is" facinating!".i love it
adam bailey : so relaxing! :d thanks.
praveen mishra : graphics are amazing and that background music is very soothing...!!
amagrasmusic : fun and beautiful game but, why the heck it needs to access my identity?
igor boiko : enjoying this game! excellent...
leo raymond : !!!!the best game you have ever played!!!!
vivekananda j : most relaxing game...
a google user : great game-loved it.
jam s : hard to notice a rock at night mode.
yuji : this game is amazing!!
abhinav thakur : it is a nice game .
nathan richards : well made, simple, but addictive.
khamney afi : nothing special about this game. u hv to just tap. if u fall, u restart it. that's all.
abhay r. : one of the best games i've ever played...
lalit sehrawat : it's boring
abhishek roy : very addictive game....good graphics....and also great time killer....
dannish latifa putri rivandra : this game it's so cool love it !!
franz runner : masterpiece. the zen mode is enough. thank you developers, i hope there are more games like this one.
manas sable : awesome game !! best game available !!
bhargab singha roy : to be precise it's fantastic and fabulous.
aravind : it gives peace to mind
a google user : mind blowing game... u can live it..
omsyaran : it's awesome....i want to do more tricks
ryme : a game as piece of art..
om dadhwal : a peice of poetry that touched my heart!!!!just one word to say. awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!
lllzaballl : slow,, repetitive,, lame..
sarthak aggarwal : one game i keep on my phone to pass 1 minute to 1 hour of bore.
a google user : it's very fun and exiting, who wouldn't like it!?
aditya diwale : i cannot live without this game...
g.k gokula krishnan : awesome music and climates. i like very very very very very very very........much.
shivanand singh : good game in low requirements..
siddharth jagtap : totally in love with this app !!
uditansh patel : gorgeous ui , interactive response, indulating storyline all fabulous...
a google user : good graphic & beautiful music
a google user : i love this game!!!! its relaxing and very addictive!!! its easy on the eyes and soothing for the soul....
r guilardi : graphics...sounds...viciously hahaha
sipsipgulpgulp : takes less space and rox....
klick : best music and zen mode!!!
milly toad : i love this game!!!
danika : great game to play when killing time or when bored!!!
simon pardoe : great little game. loving it...
perfusion_13_prem patil : superb graphics .....nice to play
kunal dave : it's fun!! music is so nice.. perfectly designed game!!!
aswin kumar : it's a different and good game...
n o b o d y : simply addictive
18_085 keerthivasann rh : release altos odyssey faster. ....
manaj bhowmick : awesome game ...relaxing .. reviving..must download!
ali hussain : great music. amazing graphics. what more do you need?
mohab safwat : ads made the game boring
shashank maurya : it a really nice game!!!
kenny mccormick : epic and fun!
a google user : it is so interesting so please download it
david hullihen : awesome game need part 2
garvit jain banzal : best game ever played......
bharat singh : simply superb!
akash das : great graphics, challenging levels,, and interesting game....
el ellegun : great stuff!
hugo quinonez : cool graphics and amazing stuff you can do with this game
rafly aulia hadi : great game!
gloria yamada : great game!
seh sing : great game!
iammark real : great game!
axell m. s. : you wanna have a cool and addictive gameplay? well download this game
jay dharaiya : awesome game, awesome graphics!!
dorsy hodam : i can't open it.... why
kashif shaikh : good quality... very addictive...
avanthika c : i can give more than 5 stars music is so awesome
surya t k : completed 60nth level... waiting for more interesting updates...
a google user : awesome game loved it
connor rule : get this game right now!!!!!!!
robert had : great game, thanks
owen voke : just so addictive.
divy bhatt : it is a nice game.
suranjeet ankit roy : addicted...
yuvraj sinh rajput : very good graphics.
ravishekhar jaiswal : great game
siddharth kumar : best game to relax.
pawel r : awesome all around.
susan nettles : very cute game!
kanishka v. namdeo : worth every star!
joe baker : its so beautiful!
a google user : amazing art style...great relaxing gameplay...wow
akash das : great game...the best game ever.
reuben dass : i loved it ,theme...good work guys
tushar sanmukh : i love to play this game...most relaxing game...
elijazfraz elsassafraz : first the blockheads now this? amazing!
dinesh babu : i will play when i get bored ....
kapil sharma : amazing... i love the music of this game... best game
sreejith k,s : good theme, nice graphics superb music.....
mingo roselle espine : this is amazing!
shivam sharma : thats cool!
x_lewis_10_x : it's really happy
franklyn pinder : it's a great game
umesh pandey : such a nice game.
shubham kumar : amazing and very soothing.
jaza ihsan : it feel so real !!!
amal krishna tm : i like it very much....good additive game....
lora thompson : love this game!
mohammed abu khamis : i've finished all of the 180 goals , just add some more , i can't live without alto
trism_ x : it's so relaxing
et tech and games : it's a cool game
a google user : boring
sanjees veni : its booring
anita d'souza : its nit that bad
soraya martini : never get tired of this
fillah nurohman : slow loading download
mujju mj : no words to describe this game...
clankzki : try this!
lucas valli : very addicting and beautiful.
a google user : simple, relaxing and asthetic
ashish kumar das : amazing and captivating game.
pratiek sarkar : honestly it's awesome!
marcel denish : great work, i love the graphics, much advanced....
kareem amr : this is the best game ever.
anne love : this is addictive and awesome.
arpitha prasad : graphics is so cool.
pro anything : toooo much fun.
gulzar singh : very nice game.
arnab biswas : amazing piece of art.
mohamed jebril : great, exciting & interesting
mahathi eldi : good graphics.addicting
logan mridul : very good game.love the graphics
arshdeep singh : soothing music.great game
rahul r chopra : very beautiful game !
sai prasad : lovely music !
andri gunawan : where can i get the bgm in zen mode? so relaxing
necro plays : what happened to this game i love it.i want to add in this game is the tricks please?
joyce ann : i love this game!
harish : loved the music in game.
prismatron5000 : love love love this game!
roshan sharma : this game is amazing... loved it...
leejo lenin : very cool game..stress free.
josef bonello : very fun and original.
a google user : amazing game. loved it
m s : the best app ever
ayush priyadarshi : beautiful sceneries and amazing gameplay..... music is soothing..... loved it
diego garcia : one of the best games !
amit dutta : wonderful game to play.. liked it...
ritesh jaiswal : amazing sound effects graphics
rio cahya : i really like the background music... such a relaxing music.....
fahim ahmed : awesome game.awesome sound and graphics
jason muldrow : pure awesomeness!!
ethan logan : triple flips are hard
sheriman marconi : i'd play this the whole night..
chinmoy ranjan khadgaray : what a nice game
abhirup ghosh : playing this game was an awesome experience..... loved it entirely.....
nikhil donthula : nice music and graphics...
marlon otieno : i think it's the best game.... ever
shrinivas manjithaya : not even boring for months....
kartik goyal : great game but no new updates....
a google user : it is so fun!!!
ethan kopec : relaxing, addicting, beautiful
john carlo clemente : nice and easy game..
jayant kumar naik : +1 for the game's music
jesse manderson : rad game. add more tricks!!
arman esmaeeli : please update it with major addins and new characters
eben de klerk : keeps you busy for hours and just chill
swaraj naman : can u add more themes and enviroment
sachin suyash : only if we could buy coins
joshua albios : this game reminds me a lot of journey
eby rg : cant restore my progress
brandon arao : it was great!!
boitshoko molefe : the best!!!
thegn : it is the best game on my phone its the coolest game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
grace morgan : love this game!
nida khoiriyyah : love the music!
ram naresh kumar : when i was in tens i used to play this game
stylish sathya : ************** best of play store**********
sci guy : this game is a masterpiece!
adam pluciennik : i just love everything about it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bianca alves : love the design.
victor k. makgati : it is what it is.... an adventure
jarilyn torres : fun and addictive!
shabab : quite soothing.
dailyblogsdelhi : awsum graphics
mehed : just mind blowing!!!!!
hite5h dalal : a 'must-have'.
a google user : it is amazing.love it
chepuri vijay : visuals..bgm what a game
victor tremblay : great game!!
raj bala : completed all the goals..... any further updates???????
a google user : wants access to google drive???
the mmh : best relaxion game...
jdinesh jd : great game love it...
a google user : could something be better than that?no!
prasanth kumar : i love this game
vichar hari g : simply superb. simply brilliant.
asif arman : addictive...i liked it
kellerkid 11 : addictive!
darshan nayak : what beauty!!!!
ricardo g : smooth and satisfying!
a google user : faultless awesomeness!
charlie lee : soothing and amazing!
raul reyes : love this game!
chan shen : best. nothing more.
ariyasettha tirtayasa : i love this game
rodney arcega : i wish there could have another map like only flying or place lots of cliffs or even jungle rope swinging :)
a google user : can you dounload it on computer?
prime goton ii : love it..... thanks
ben tracy : fun. good graphics.
vishwas m n : time passing&beautiful music
morgan phillips : loved it!
rajendran madushan : totally awesome!!!
chriss de grece : well designed but boring
dark queen : pretty relaxing and challenging game
ishan bhaduri : good theme song and graphics
muulki s : it is really different
rence sarvida : perfect is an understatement
onoodle : awesome is the only word to describe it
nieves torres : i play everywhere
dipesh nevarekar : this game awesome
matthaus tuma : beautiful design music and gameplay
elijah arnold : cool
mohammed kazeem : nice graphics
phang sze xuen : absolutely love the graphics and the fluidity
rashi sinha : a very relaxing game
arjun padmanabhan : a gorgeous time pass
jamal sinvula : bring more characters
ronald durai : best time passing game
bukunmi : i love this game
utkarsh goyal : very nice game for a teenager
alexander brady : very fun and addicting
iceposeidon : great game with the best graphics
lemarlon griffin : this game is the best
er bzh : very calming action game
ravi kanth : very nice app
vaibhav ghadigaonkar : beatiful graphic and music
le-roy staines : very well made and enjoyable
anik mandal : my life best game
a google user : most beautiful game on here
phanindra potarlanka : amazing game beautiful soundtrack
luke joyce : very fun and addicting game
sukesh kawa : simple yet interesting game
infinity universe : nixs game and awesome graphics
mp prakhar : good graphic
raaaz babbar : music is awesome
geetesh jagzape : most entertaining game on earth
abhishek kadu : so nice music and graphics
diojhina juste : action packed
babu dhana : great gameplay
abhishek rane : a very addictive gameplay
abidu rahman : relaxing and quite calming game
pratik lahiri : game with relaxing music
masterwolf555 : one of the best moblie games
gaurav kataria : one of the most amazing game
jason de kock : most peaceful game in years
aubrey h : beautiful art style
hesham alzoubi : very good and nice game
bhavana tanpure : a wonderful game with good music
squishy o : it was vary fun
danelle alvior : relaxing and challenging adventure game
shubh shikariya : nice game to play offline
luke harris : awesomely addictive
sulma clute : i loved everything
william mayes : great game nice graphics
ziquan brown : nice graphics relax game
jasminder rehil : best game ever played
swagmar4522 saifl : it is amazing and beautiful
divyam deep : nice graphics
a google user : is awesome to play this game
juju sadikin : relax and really this game is good
shubhang kohirkar : very good game
sahil sharma : try to make it multiplayer
carlos benits : the best game ever
quincy bennett : the game is fun
mark lewis : very relaxing beautiful
kesmond kwek : it is just simply amazing
nidheesh menon : no other word
kishan : the best endless game
roger v : i really like this game
italian job : incredible is d only word
devin gates : very addictive great game
shardul meshram : its a very great game
harshit sharma : loved the new zen mode
bhagat sai : try to change musics
shenron khan : nice game good graphic
majid zaman : simply awesome amazingly relaxing
odinaka ugwu : a really cool platformer
p preetham : beauty in its simplicity
samuel lopez : i think its fun
tarra guptaa : the best game ever
andrew cameron : the best game ever
akram maddahi : this game is so good
tiberiu tanasescu : great gameplay
arif kazi : its a beatiful game
sharvin melligeri : awesome background music
kwe khu : loved it waiting for next one
obsolete misanthrope : simplicity served at its best
logan lewis : it is very fun
aditya janaswamy : zen mode and the music!
kaan erturk : ridiculous gameplay. coins to play again? no thanks.
sandy : very nice for offline ...
null : graphics are nice.
will humphries : it'sreally fun
dmitry tretiakov : simply - the best
satheesh kumar : overall it's good
d00f 44 : cool!
a google user : cool!
abhi shek : very addictive
abdul rafay : simple and best.
a google user : it's fantastic
kasia polakowska : but the goals are complicated
zach w. : absolutely beautiful.
prabhat rai : peacefulness loaded.
a google user : it's verry beautiful
soumen ghosh : good game.very intresting
anver botha : very addictive
abhayananda daspattanaik : love it's music
rumman jaman : great music & gameplay
remm : absolutely sensational.
ishan udayanga : great game
rigged dynamo : great for relaxing.
isaiah austin : great game.
joshi hardik : that's good
jayden fyfield : great game,
samir bhandari : i love this game ....
sadatt sadatt : very cool.
bhadra tendulkar : awesome. awesome. simply awesome.
tagi tara : pretty nice game and music
is matt : the update is cool
ernie claeson : lots of fun and skill
bjornlee tjin asjoe : this game is the bom
mrunal kulkarni : a beautiful game with beautiful graphics
suraj kumar : loved it good game
panchal amit : simple and sobber game
masood daghmehchi : this game is ver good for hobbying
sad estrogenius : fun game for 10hours cx
ayad m : i love this game
mateo abiu parra : it's nice
dipankar bhadra : outstanding game..
gayathri bs : it's good
andy salle : great game
surin sin : no upgrades whatsoever.
pari besi : cool !
kevi aday : so relaxing...
tomy yanto : love the scene...
pranav singh : great creation...
mohit koul : simply awesome...
seno : good when bored.
amol amrit : sad? play this.
sayeed ahmed : i made so much progress on my phone, only to find that my progress is gone as soon as i get it on my tablet!!! what the hell????
tommi vatanen : pretty but boring
siti a' mokujo : i already play this before,but where is my old data ? i want my old data back
parveen kumar : it is just an addiction
nasser al nasser : i tried to install the game on my android tv and i cancelled it. then i tried to install it again then it asked for $3.99. i already purchased the game. could you please help
ixan hardy : can't open it!
arre arjun : so much bug. can't connect with google play and can't start race even open game. this bug come after update.
josh woodward : awesomeness.
harsha herur : the ads ruines it.
loli la : its so good
francisco j. h : love it.adicted
spiffy vii : who would win?
tirven naidu : it is cool
val tech : bomb
rajan ghimire : sick af
a google user : best in its class
joshmazing story : graphic so nice
priyadarshan anand : very nice to play
faheem khan : really great game
gaurav aggarwal : its freakin awesome
chandan sharma : love this game
joann hernandez : it is a good game
tarun dugge : nice graphics
message of love : mind relaxing game
nick : cool and fun
shakirudheen va : its perfect for relaxation
vincent rubino : so fun and addictive
agyemang gerron : simply fantastic
aiks aiks : it is a good game
tabor romero pasternack : incredible animation work
samuel costa : very relaxing game
patrick ray : the best game
avdhesh katti : mind soothing music
george badas : this is simply astounding
e a : great game
a google user : beautiful graphics
jace brown : ammazingily calming and relaxing
u.prakash : simply good by prakash
shreyas shetty : great game loved it
jose macias : firme
jithin patrick : this game is great
a google user : must play
vikram khandekar : i love this game
don b pallan : superb in all ways
souleyman sandid : freaking awesome game
red hunter : perfect in any way
sanjay lama : wt a lovely game
timothy satminthang misao : creativity love it
daman arue : really fun
v prakash : stunning graphics
theseventhshadow : i love this game
sayeed mahmood : exciting game
lenin lopez : great to pass the time
that_one pickle : is relaxing
anon parson : just plain awesome
princess de'asia : beautiful songs
boddu venkatesh : good graphics and music
dragon pearls : i love the game
eria arum : love the graphic style
asterisk ksiretsa : need more of this
austin eapen : simple n soothing
hemendra : i love the game
joseph iwinski : simplistically awesome and relaxing
jomari board : beautiful and satisfying to play
moepzilla : this game is amazing
anto : the graphics is superb
yvngcxrist : really awesome graphics
siril gaikwad : nice music and graphic
a google user : more than awesome
kanin osik : very nice game
katrina olsen : very beutiful
samantha munoz rojas : the best
tabari : best app on phone
saptagiri reddy : super graphics
v.charles charles : very cool supper
akhil kadarla : nice graphics
philoj johny : so special and cool
battyman 3000 : very peaceful
sumit kumar : awesome must play
reza wayseye : this
travis thomas : great game
your favorite youtuber xd : this game is amazing
robby ___ : great graphics
little jon : its addicting
saravanan s : one of the best game
daniel n : its a great game
brandon hemphill : amazingly satisfying experience
yonon citnalep : love the game
onkokame-kamogelo tsikwe : great game
shin : play to know
yung bratz : and challenging
abhishek suratkal : beautiful relaxing game
zongye wang : such a beautiful geme
deepak kaushal : this is very cool
bruce vue : very relaxing and minimalistic
edwin sundar raj : game is good to play
thechungusmeister : good enough to beat
rishabh mc : an awesome game
a google user : relaxing and visually stunning
paige dawes : i love this game
a.r.w : totally awesome game
abdulaziz aldosari : not my thing
psyco : its a good game
amin khokhar : i love this game
nava kanth : see and play it
yukiya blaze : i love this game
sarita singh : beautiful game awesome
marcus johnson : really fun game
arpan das : awesome game and idea
nagaraj civil : the alto is great
maritza : everything about this game is beautiful
brodythered : absolutely beautiful and addicting
a google user : really an awesome game
deepa bhowmick : heart touching game
skull gamerzz : this game is awsome
lal hruaimawia : calm and relaxing
a google user : this game is lit
hemant bheekarry : super addictive and relaxing
anshu boonapalli : beautiful art and music
jayesh jain : addictive and ultimate graphics
a google user : best game with best music
adrian canafani baxcajay : really great
amrit paul : love this game
rohit singh : awesome gaming experience
arik kurnianto : aesthetic & challenging
khairul fahmi : relaxing...
andi prasetyo : who says games aren't art?
anand sapkal : when is odyssey gonna launch ??
aryan yuan : looooooooooved the graphics.
just_kid_ing : hi, i recently downloaded the app again and now i cant reset to my original progress where i had flying suit and the other 3 characters.
a google user : relax and slide through snow
a google user : to short upgrade pls
ankan chakraborty : graphics needs to improve a lot
arunava chanda : most relaxng game ever
drayten ellisor : the soundtrack makes the game
rahul barik : it is the free minded game
a google user : i like the music most
boovarasan s : include forward flip toooo
a google user : makes me think of the past
tasveer content : finally all stages completed
krithiga panneerselvan : epic game ever played
vanessa etovada : need some performance update
felipe sanches : massive graphics!
chirag gupta : relaxing........
emad alqudah : really good game
hrithik choudhary : great music and graphics
soumya kanti ghosh : really nice game
ray demers : beautiful music and visuals
aquaswan : do i really need to say why?
a google user : gorgeous and relaxing
d k : where did my save go?
corben peltier : i reinstalled to a new phone and lost all my credits and characters. so how do i get them back?
cosmic flow : absolutely gorgeous
a google user : exciting and relaxing
abhishek singh : great gameplay
raja kumar : ioved it
emmanuel chambwera : this so dope
sepehr nikravesh : pls update this game
connor johnston : can play for hours
saran karthik : semma game and music
cosmin coroian : not working on tablet
farida darugar : this very adventures
adithya dev : more than expectation
eva grimaldi : it sucks
noushad m : need multiplayer mod
benjamin w : beautiful and addictive
leah yipying : great game
maheash nelanka : great game
jane pears : love this game
samer el khoury : addictive game
the emperor khalil : great game
a google user : good graphics
marcu pricop : is great
3rd vessel : simply a masterpiece
mahesh mishra : very addictive
wade meik : good for unwinding
austin jackson : amazing graphics
nabil ashab : mind soothing
uriel diaz : the best
itzevan : the best
mehdi alamy : great game
joel conner : simple and beautiful
dusty mehul : addictive game
salman ahmed : love this game
scott williamson : great game
real gamer : great game
mohammed mustafa : just the best
vedhavalli ramesh : cool
sonia kundal : great game
chander prakash : cool graphics
sanjay thorat : great game
adarsh sinha : everything is good
amy davis : its good
prem patel : love this game
nishant kumar : great game
protul roy : thatssss fantastic
dulanja subodhana : best graphics
tayyab jaan : soothing game
christian caldentey : beautiful and relaxing
cool dude : great one
tom lams : pretty good
a google user : awsome game
ashwin kumar : stress buster
viperop : its nice
monis khan : full on happiness
jeff varnum : simple and fun
ayan naskar : great thought
knowledge bomb : its cool
sophia cook : fun and interning
stuart van dalen : awesome and addictive
apoorv agarwal : great game
thomas sweed : beautiful graphics
t : its good
imam khusni : love the graphics
praneet raj : its nice
jordan holland : relaxing and beautiful
gilberto flores-walter : great gameplay
justin hendrick : beautiful and fun
niven obando : great game
sonu gupta : best gameplaying
phillip garcia : pretty good
stevan gorre : great graphics
sainath nagamalla : cool
solidissac : love this game
sanglimuthu chandrasekaran : soothing music
americo benitez : beans
a google user : great game
gireesh ravichandra : simply superb
robert : simply awesome
slm 133 : beautifully crafted
alex grey : simply brilliant
kemurijima : the best
athen hickman : it is great
bianca worster : awesome app
kasun herath : great gameplay
contact karthikvs : cool game
shaikh iqrama : peace of mind
kshitij raj : simple and good
de5 : relaxing and additive
daw s : wow is cool
lance polius : simply awesome
my guyy : love that soundtrack
andrew gandini : clever and fun
muhamad rizky adrian : life changer
calixto v : nice graphic
ignas sereikis : perfection of simplicity
muhd aiman : great graphic
asif ansari : awesome graphics
amit nihal : simple and brilliant
gregor sculac : simply beautiful
nishan chathuranga : awesome to the end
jayasooriya niroshana : this is the best
anupam pal : addictive game
quarkie x : pure awesomeness
alfein sl : good graphics
rashid humayun : relaxing sounds
arnold august : awesome graphics
tiffany agler : relaxing sound
anthony garvey : simple and fun
yasir ahmed : calming and fun
no sorrow : why are there rocks in zen mode ?
john doe : amazing and addictive
epic gamer : cool bro
emreeerdogan : relaxing
shelby coker : relaxing
annette akins : harambe game 2017?
chris w : beautifully simplistic
azfar talukder : i got a score of 52k on my first death before watching any of the ad videos. i kept pressing "watch video" but it wouldn't watch it. fix the ads!!!
claude speed : boring
madan pal : boring
shray rana : boring
minhaj shafin : boring
tech romance : boring
mahesh vishnoi : boring
lazarous mumbi : is there a console version if so where can i buy it?
leroy b : introduced ads.
kamil ch : why is it dark most of the time?
rob conacher : hi, i switched devices and signed in to play games in settings but my progress won't load? help!
rid : nothing needs to be said
albert sebastian m : adipoli with song....
aurimas ancikas : relaxing
ghostwing : coool
keith berry : cool
sayedmohamed abdelsalam : addictive
heather beck : cool
akash rawat : addictive
john mathew : cool
ellen den dulk : relaxing
a google user : relaxing
anis abboud : smooth
tiger d : incredible
jack fenner : cool
robert santoso : addictive
yudhynov ndesainstudio : relaxing
omar r jones : cool
mastan vali shaik : relaxing
andre ace : cool
karachifrog : cool
shuvo khan : after reinstalling the game i was forced to complete tutorial and afterwards when i signed in with google play account my old achievements are lost. my earned achievements are shown in google play.
icy king : title.
jelly peanut butter : cool
bhanu yadav : beautiful and beautiful
venkatarao u : don't play it
a google user : what an experience!!
slurpd : won't load
bharath kumar : thank you..
t m t : you will make this game down with this commercials
red-beard_55 5 : fix blockheads!!!
durk fend : uninstalled the game for a while. upon reinstalling & entering my google play account info my progress still didn't update. ps help me fix this. my achievements are still in my google play games profile
gerson m. : very adictive
l v : just for music
del nair : must download
rasheed shehadeh : class game
han park : hard controlling
gelo ruanto : this is called simplicity
paul murphy : high
m i : gotta try it
alfred mutua : the game
akash dalvi : asom game
bobby o'leary : very bueno
noah austin jayson : i hearted it
diptesh bose : sothing!!!
mounir abdou : omg incradible
prashant yadav : looking for this
md shah faishal khan : my game progress associated with my google account is not resuming after login into google play account inside the game. why this is happening? i tried start-restart the game but it never resumes the progress. i have played upto level 39 or so. but now logging with same google account won't allow me to resume from my last progress. solve it please.
a google user : had to wipe my phone. now i don't have the wing doubler and there's no way to restore the purchase. also, i'd pay to not watch ads. i'm 90% through the game but can't bring my self to play cause of the ads.
a google user : really like the game and the fact that it's an endless runner, but it loves to screw you over. things can happen like not being able to see far enough ahead to know to jump or not, so i can't control if i hit the very edge of a rock or jump into a chasm. it's very unfair
charis tam : it's really hard to find a game like this. the scenery is breathtaking as well as the calm music. zen mode has also allowed to to relieve stress. although this isn't one of those exciting games, alto's adventure isn't something i'd want to miss. the best part is that there are no ads.
james kay : love this game. one of my all time favourites on android. the design is gorgeous and the game easy to pick up, but the challenges at each level mean it doesn't lose its appeal after repeated plays. i also like how in game purchases aren't thrust in your face like in other games. overall, highly recommend
sarah nasrullah : this game is honestly one of the most stunning things i have ever seen and i am so happy it exists. thank you to all the wonderful humans who made this, may you all go to heaven and drink rivers of yummy wine and maple syrup :d.
a google user : i've enjoyed alto's adventures since many months now and i've finished it long ago. to enjoy the challenges again, i reset the progress. but upon doing so, it asked me to repeat the reset process across devices connected to icloud. i remember downloading this from the google play store ;) but a world class game in every way.
astrad the cynic : the game ran beautifully until the last update. the game has started to lagging, ads are no longer available, and the frame rate is dropping to the point where it makes me dizzy. my phone has a snapdragon 810 with 4gb of ram, there's no excuse for lag or low frame rates.
vulpes vulpes : you can tell immediately that this game has been made with the most passionate intentions. it is beautifully presented and thought out. the landscape, the weather, the music, the flow of the game. not another generic attempt to get your money or bombard you with advertising...this is a game that has been created by someone who wanted to make a beautiful game, and they've succeeded. download it :-)
spaghetti cat : the scenery is absolutely breathtaking, especially on the chasm jumps which slow down time just enough to show your character soaring through a masterfully crafted sky. the shader-like effects are tasteful, not overdone. the ads are noninvasive. overall, this is among the most well designed games i've ever played. great job. i really enjoy this game.
gabriel shepard : this game is a simple to play but difficult to master. it is a snowboarding/skiing downhill points grab game. the music is soothing but the play can be frustrating. but don't get me wrong, it is very addictive and simple to play. the only issue i have ran in to is that i had to turn off the "increase touch sensitivity" setting in my phone because it caused me to have to double tap everything in menu to make selection, also occasionally causing my character to not jump upon tapping.
narissa gallant : with every new update it keeps getting worse. the screen will lag and i'll die as a result. the videos never load and error screens pop up during play. the night is too dark and rocks are sometimes impossible to dodge. the wingsuit doesn't work and getting enough points for it is impossible now. it's so hard to get more than 20 coins in a level. the level goals are too hard to reach considering all the problems. all these 5 star reviews are suspicious.
clare cashen : i've noticed two errors. the first is "unfortunately, google play services has stopped working." this will pop up in the middle of a run and usually causes me lose. the second is a glitchy sort of visual big that happens when i get a llama horn and hit a rock. the first one is the worst though.
mark ruggles : i can count on one hand the number of reviews that i've ever written for an app and i don't think any of them were for a game. however, this game, this game begs a review. the game is visually stunning. the physics are graceful, beautiful, and right. zen mode, enough said. my only wish would be for more tricks besides the back flip. this is the only thing i would change about this game. thank you, thank you for keeping it ad free! incredible!
a google user : this game is awesome. it's a great time waster, and you don't have to worry about dying or failing all the time thanks to the zen mode. it's well-organized and i love the animation. the concept is really cool too. i love that you're chasing your escaped llamas. flips and tricks are easy, and i love the fact that the scarf elongates every time you get a boost or land a flip. all in all, this is an amazing game! one flaw though. i can't figure out what a hover feather is, so i can't complete one of my goals.
kshiteej : from the moment i saw zen mode, i just started screenshoting each jump, cliff, sun/moon rise/set, this game just brings a wide smile on my face, i don't know why. this game will be in my most memorable and favourable moblie games of my life list. and it be first on it! i can't describe it in words. you must play this game and you find that you are so i don't know, found peace in busy life? the normal mode will be good,but zen is the best! i really can't describe this game in words.seriously. play this game.
dy mo : while oxymoronic to say, this game is both one of the most relaxing and exciting games i've experienced in a long time. simple controls, beautiful art style, evolving gameplay; near perfect. i would suggest to the developers to consider adding more unique items to the workshop to expand lifetime of the game.
the excruciator : it's a great game for procrastinating but i got so addicted to it that i pretty much play this game all day. this mobile game is better than many pc/console games. it is also not very challenging, which is a break from all the other games where you die every 10 seconds. don't get me wrong: i like challenging games, but i get to relax a bit with this game.
jynx itari : so, i start the game and it works so perfectly. my only problem is i can't look at my stats or the option page (but i can change the options[e.g the pause button was in a new corner after i looked]). anyway just saying, i love using maya and izel so much!
0v3rl0rd : just a great game overall. really fun and soothing at times and the gameplay is just so smooth. the goals are challenging, but not too much and the different characters are all pretty cool and unique. one of the best games i have ever played, highly recommend this game!
lisa w : the game is great...beautiful graphics...but i hate when i he the option to view a video to continue my run, i click on the video and then get a playback error message and it won't let me continue the run. happened when i was eluding my 2nd elder ... game just froze. have this issue a lot
dhruov bhatia : the mechanics are simple and the characters are reasonably diverse. gameplay is smooth and consistent; no frame rate or performance issues and the physics work fine. the soundtrack is good albeit simple and matches the atmosphere. there are no heavy, incessant microtransactions involved and it is not p2w. overall an excellent game. also, for everyone below saying you have to watch a video to continue, that is just bs. end your turn and play again. you don't have to pay 1500 coins every time you fall.
daniel rogers : the premise of this game is to collect coins using your character. and get speed boosts by landing tricks. the rate at which you collect coins is abysmally low to the amount of coins it takes to buy an upgrade to the terribly useless power ups. the magnet has been wasted many times by no coins being present while it was active, despite having several upgrades to increase its duration. the feather is also pretty useless as its only effect is to nullify an unfortunate rotation that would have ended your run.
aliyah jubilee : i downloaded this game thinking "oh its gonna be one of those stupid games" but no its really fun and easy once you get the hang of it. i haven't found a game quite like this one.the graphics are great and the game is really smooth to play. no bugs yet.
sayyid hakam : this game is really simple, you only need one thumb to play it, but it's really fun. with maya as player you can perform many tricks combo and it's so lovely to see it. also the scene background is beautiful thought it's only 2d. the relaxing music add up the beauty of this game. the only problem for me is when it comes to night; it's too dark my eyes feel uncomfortable, and it becomes annoying when you can't see the rock and then you just fall because of the silly rock. anyway, it's enjoyable
karla bergado : this game is by far my favourite at the moment! the graphics are really great. 2d yet simple but sophisticated. the soundtrack is so peaceful and calming especially during zen mode. it's great to play on zen if you're stressed and you're just finding a short while to relax. the overall game is cheerful and fun, with the mini challenges and the llamas. this game is highly recommendable to everyone!
herman polloni : i love this game, it has a really nice concept, the entire experience is great from graphics, sound and playability. the only problem are the bugs: sound sometimes stop working; challenges are not taken into account (for instance i already smashed two rocks with the same boost, but it doesnt count) sometimes i crash with a rock after a grind (shouldnt happen since im on boost)...there are more little annoyances like that. they dont make the game unplayable, but they make it less enjoyable.
r alvarez : i love the graphics. sound effects are great too... especially the rain which doesn't seem to last long enough. after watching a video or crashing sometimes the game will lock and tge character will not be able to jump, resulting in a restart. so fun and almost relaxing!
naman arusia : yes. you've heard it all. you've seen it before. journey, flowers, shadow of colossus. but even after you have, this game will make you wonder, it's a lot more than meets the eyes. "zen mode" is somewhat of a unique take on the infinite runner approach. and that is what makes this an exhilarating experience. yes this is a beautiful package of "drown yourself into the atmospheric musical score" & "loose yourself into the easing visual fidelity", but the creator have something more than the sum of it's parts.
john sedrak : this is hands down the most beautiful game i've ever played. the atmosphere is perfect and the rain makes it even better. its great for those days where you just wanna play something casual and calming while thinking about whatever's been on your mind lately
robert berezovski : a great addictive game but there are a few glitches though. sometimes the game doesn't sense any touch for some reason. also if you get a higher upgraded llama horn the screen has a sorta spasm due to some many llamas. not necessarily game breaking except for the no tap sense which should be fixed
chris ng : alto's adventure is truly a piece of art. from the artwork-like graphics to the impeccable sound design, alto's adventure might be one of our best free games we have left. both modes have a soundtrack that fits their purpose, and sound effects bring you up to the mountain regions. the simple yet breathtaking physics helps the simulation of snowboarding. and if the soundtrack doesn't work for you, playing your playlist in place of the game's own music also feels right.
benjamin biddle : hey guys love the game. it plays really well but i feel like it need a few tweaks when it comes to second chances and also double and triple backflips. firstly i think when you take damage and you try again you should have a second of invincibility because ive had moments when i would respawn and hit a rock without the slightest chance of avoiding it. think of it like the way sonic takes damage when u get a slight chance to grab coins before you actually die. also i think that when you do a double or triple
daniel monch : yes, the graphics design is awesome. however, gameplay wise this has some serious issues: it gets repetitive really fast. night is way too dark. i can't see a thing and constantly crash into rocks, even with brightest setting. high scores have no meaning, so there is absolutely no incentive to ride with high scores. therefore, unless there is a respective goal or an elder it only makes sense to ride safe. was unable to get even over a single (!) wide or high chasm with maya. upgrade system is lame and also brings no incentive. was grinding coins for the horn and the effect is just laughable. so in the end it looks great but has some serious issues.
natalie patalie : i came back to this game years later after its initial release. i am glad
to declare that alto's adventure is the single best free-to-play mobile
game to have ever existed. thank you team alto for this gorgeous
masterpiece, may you make many, many more.
ahmed tharwat : but it can be in the update that you add some adjustments in the music .. for these peoples , such as "alexandro querevalu" so do not be one of music in order to enjoy the game more and i hope that...thank you for this game
kunal halder : amazing background music nd weather changing graphics...interest grows more with new surprises during the game...must try once
rice ! 2.0 : this game has an amazing art design, i just got it yesterday and haven't stopped playing since
sage the prestigious : this is a wonderful game! the characters each have different abilities and techniques and the scenery is gorgeous! the game is so great, i'm surprised as i am impressed that there isn't an ad popping up every second! not only that, you can earn everything you need with work instead of money. the only problem i have is when i do a really amazing jump, and i can't see a warning sign, i fall right into a chasm. it hardly takes away from the game (and you probably can't fix that). otherwise, great!
rabia akram : to be very frank, i have mistakenly installed this game but the experience so far took me to the new level of infinite happiness.actually the tagline was very alluring. a sleepy mountain village.or what else you want?just one more llama.just one more trick to play. back flips? wingsuits?got coins?better use them wisely.else don't use at all.this game will mock you, jolt you and at the same time beautifully lash upon you to respect your elders. and the zen mode is brilliancy in making the music stand out.
christopher john munar : the game had a very wonderfull graphics paired with awesome gamplay with the help of relaxing music.. can't let off the game until you are forced to close the game due to chores need to accomplish at home.. very wonderful game must try to prove that this game kicked other leading games!!! warning!! do your chores first at home to avoid being scolded by your parents
gabrielle kansay : it's really just what anyone needs to escape the typically cliche race games. good way to kill time while working on something.
cristian perez : playing this app is relaxing, with the music and the light sounds of nature. with earphones they sound so realistic, especially during a thunderstorm.
sandra dahouk : it gets to a point where it crashes my phone after a few dats. this hapens every single time i install. then i have to uninstall it. then i miss it so i redownload it. please fix it
muninn aesir : i must be the worst player of this game. i am watching more videos than playing this dumb game. - replied via my so's phone.
sam lines : this game was so refreshing and new, i loved every second of it and i hope the creature's make another game just as good as this one.
nick jones : words can't describe how lovely this game is.. so chilling and the zen mode sums it all up
naresh d : no words to describe it's passion in beauty in evary frame.i can feel
relief & totally a peaceful game.must playable game for nature lovers.
matyas gyuricza : what i love about this game is that it knows its platform. it doesn't try and be a tuned down console game which often goes wrong (not asphalt 8). its just a simple, good looking tapping game. it gets boring quite quickly.
mark wilson : so simple yet so addictive. the randomization of the course each time through keeps you on your toes and keeps the game interesting.
a google user : soothing and fun. just lost myself in it. developers should get a big hug. no pressure to buy with real cash too. no bugs. extraordinary!
zong hua : concept of the game is extremely simple to understand and gives a full tutorial beforehand. what amazes me is the amazing graphics, especially how it simulates day and night, the different weathers like raining! they even added a zen mode just for you to enjoy the game without worrying about "dying" in the game!
erica iraheta : the art style is amazing, its story is cute, the music and sound effects are beautiful and realistic. a++
amir firdaus : it's a simple game that everyone could've done. but not everyone can make it as enjoyable as this. the scenery is so beautiful, it just speaks for itself. combining that with the calm music, amazing. gives me a peace of mind. this is good for mind therapy. absolutely loved it! kudos to the devs!
james woods : great graphics very fun and challenging game. wish there were more levels. beaten the game twice. that's the only thing i would change with it.
shubham gupta : and yes the watch a video button doesnt work
balance luck : and then zen mode came out. i could finally play with my favorite character again, the spinny girl, even though her momentum isnt the best. the music is great, i love altos adventure!
yanelis melendez : probably one of the best games i've gotten in a long long time. i adore the visuals, music, characters, and fun objectives. the zen mode is outstanding; it really does help me relax. i could play this game for hours.
satyam : i used to play it on my old phone and i signed in through that phone. few days back i brought a new phone and when i tried to sync back it aint happening. it feels so bad. i want my data back.
elizabeth batrez : the animation is so beautiful! you see the sun and moon rise, and it rains!! the transcending from light to dark and vice versa is gorgeous. the game itself is challenging, but nothing crazy. the music really adds this feeling of calmness and peacefulness. plus, if this isn't enough, the llamas are so cute!! also, the game runs really smoothly, and is pleasing to the eye.
hammersmashedtaco : there's not really anything i can bad mouth about this game, everything it's as it should be, an amazing endess runner game with various environments, weather and obstacle combo's.
tayl0rd 06 : i'm blown away by how this game looks, it's unlike any other game i have seen for mobile devices. it's worth the download even just to look at, and that's before i even mention the stunning gameplay. seriously, the design team has a lot to be proud of, they've created a work of art. the sunrise sequences, are you kidding me?? gorgeous, 5 stars
pati burn : love it. i especially enjoy zen mode. just put on my headphone and play while listening to amazingly calming music.
manoj singh : one of the best mobil game i have played and every time it keeps supering me with different level changes.
vaibhav khisti : ohhh, the zen mode i don't usually do reviews. but yes, much much appreciated. soothing n smartly done. good job ppl. looking fwd to enhancements.
gibryon bhojraj : the game is amazing and relaxing. i just found zen mode, the icing to get me over here to review it.
hemant jangir : ever since i crossed level 50 it's become buggy.. even slow responding at times .. maybe you guys should look at your bug repays once in a while
ashley hite : it will not allow me to revive. i just have to keep starting over. not happy about the bugs.
khaled ahmed : there is a problem in the screen turns off when you do not touch it , causing loss ..
usman ahmed : it's both challenging and relaxing, depends how you play. no ads whatsoever, only if you chose to watch them.
afnan plays : this game has an absolutely beautiful graphics, and runs smoothly. i could play this all day long.
eric s : the graphics are gorgeous but very simple,each character has its own play style i downloaded this game my 3rd time so i can play thou it again.the music is its own thing...its so relaxing,nice,and suits the game perfectly.if i could give the game more than 5 stars i would.
neil tiffany : it's a fun game, it looks good and the music is nice. the way the light changes is lovely and the challenges are nicely balanced
crystal suen : fun and really calms me. it's a challenge but not impossible, and very little learning curve. it definitely kills time and keeps me wanting more to get more achievements.
edward coker : if you love to sit down and stare at your phone and play a fun time wasting game then install this because if you are on the bus or train or at an awkward event then this is the best way to block the world out and just loose yourself in the great music and art style of the game. if you use headphones then you will end up stopping playing just to listen to the amazing soundtrack, it is difficult and yet it is not a game that makes you want to rage quit it just makes you want to play more.
alisher shaiken : dear development team, the game is great and thanks for the good work. it seems that if when playing izel and smashing into the rock (falling) and consequently the finishing jump takes you into chasm the game never takes you back to the menu.
sandip mahat : i like the sound and graphics of the game.
sumit naiya : most unique game i've ever seen. the music is background which keep me in relaxing mood & snowboarding is really adventurous
hannah wosu : great graphics relaxing peaceful. if youre one of those peaceful quiet gamers this is for you. its so mystical and beautiful. i love it addicting. i have it on my xbox and my lg tablet.
mustafa hashem : the graphics the environment the music is so beautiful i wish there is more than five stars to give, thank you
t f : looks like it was inspired by journey. gorgeous and fun. i just wish they'd add skip-ads item in the shop. (i really hate having to look at other ugly games)
justin richards : awesome. has kept me playing for several weeks, but now the goals are all complete, the fun goes :(
a s k : the graphics are amazing, simple yet eye catching and the game keeps you coming back.
a google user : great graphics with soothing music. it gets boring after sometime but still it feels great to listen some cool music while playing.
bryan suandoko : i love the art, design and the music of course. i just hoping noodlecake would share the music as mp3.. it will be good..
anna lewis : a lovely game, very relaxing (apart from when you wake an elder), i really like the music and the changing light is excellent. i like snowboarding in night best.
ahmad alshami : i have been playing it for a couple of months... really hope there were more challenges
steve janicek : for some reason, performing a backflip allows you to smash through rocks in this game .. i don't think the apps designers have ever snowboarded before. not realistic at all
luiz valerio neto : just another beautiful piece of art. and not only with great graphics and sound effects / tracks but with great balanced challenges too. definitely recommend.
abdul-quddus : this is an amazing peaceful fun game it's so addictive and i'm telling all my family and friends about it
ravish kalra : i don't know how but i have negative currency in the game and not able to log in to google or any other social media to back up.my progress :(
jei gutierrez : after reinstalling this game, it wont load my progress after signing in.. zzzzzzzzzzzz
the great bergamo : this game is amazing. reminds me of ssx because of how chill and relaxing the game can be. even when i have goals i'm still just relaxes and flipping through the sky.
thevilesaint : a beautifully made skill game that can keep you occupied for longer than you might initially anticipate. the art style is phenomenon, the play is smooth, and perhaps the best part, no forced ads! brilliant game.
lenny : i love it because the look of the game is very much like my style of drawing. also it's so calming it's great for if ure having a bad day because u can put it in zen mode and just play.
desislav lesov : i've owned my nvidia shield for a good while now and there has not been a game on it that i've enjoyed more than this. highly recommended!
kathamrita banik : what's the use of signing in the account
fachrizal reza adriansyah : the gameplay is simple, but lovely. also the graphic are stunning. its so comfy in the eyes. and most important, its adfree.
may h. : this has to be the most beautiful game i've ever played. beautiful graphics and music. even better when played in zen mode i love it
connor morris : like the game - journey for your mobile. truly gorgeous, atmospheric due to the day night and weather cycle. time seemed to simply pass me by playing this
mboffy : i don't usually write reviews but this game is worth every word, download it and congrats to the people who made it.
someone whocares : it is amazing. it's calming and addictive. i can't keep a game on my phone longer than a couple of days but i keep coming back to this one.
rupak saha : it's like a dream land.specially zen mode music & weather changes
anshuman rathee : after re-installung the game my previous progress didjt show up even after login. in google play games all my progress is shown. now i have to start again
joe greer : this is probably one of the best games i've ever played in this genre. i found myself playing it in a hospital waiting room and i haven't stopped since.
eclecticone : this game is a great way to unwind. the zen-like music combined with the smooth game play and minimalist game interface make it a true pleasure. it's a keeper.
jaydip chanda : i is a great game to me. it's character, weather changes, back flips so cool. everybody should try this. awesome.
logan p : this game is absolutely stunning, it has beautiful graphics, amazing gameplay, and is extremely relaxing. this is the best game you can download, and to top it all off, it's free!
fart storm : so much fun but sometimes after reviving, my character comes back as a dead sailor, unable to jump. fix this to get back my 5 star rating.
a google user : and thanks to the musicians and music composer. helps me to release tensions...
alexander wong : i rarely rate games but i want to support them and pay the devs for making this incredibly refined, relaxing and thoroughly enjoyable game
razi gandhi : i didnt like this game it not adventure it should be like treasure found racing and all these kind of things
warhead alchemist : this game is so relaxing to play, it's peaceful. the music is great, and relaxing and the background to the game play is nice, full with beautiful colours. challenging also, and the zen mode is gorgeous.
ruan moolman : it's good and beautiful. one thing i'd like was of you could flip the game horizontally, because i want to use my right hand to tap and it obstructs the view this way around or i have to tap at awkward positions.
amardeep mohanty : there are some rare android games that blow my mind, this one is definitely one of 'em. the graphics really soothes my eyes and the music made me fall in love with it. keep up the good work.
mohammad basil : non of the other games have such a lovely music. and this game is so interesting
rob : really like this game, but when the screen goes dark to simulate night, it talks is way too dark. especially if i play outside in the shade, i cannot see the rocks. even when brightness is set to max. s6 edge.
alice w : go down 2d hill, jump obstacles, collect coins etc. boring.
pawan h : it adds much more to aesthetics of gaming via freeplay filled with endless mountains. thank you noodlecake for thoughtfully developing this game.one of the best.
jonathan matignas : lovely visuals with beautiful music. this game can be challenging but it's main draw for me it's wonderful soundtrack.
nithin s : the music & the gameplay makes us involve to the game. pls share me the bgm sounds of alto's adventure if anyone have. the app need to improve in taking screenshot that it storing only one by replacing the older one.
trey vlogs : dieing 247 because i can't jump over rocks
tuga gamer : light and beautiful graphics, no lag, nice gameplay and splendid soundtrack, it's safe to say it's among the best mobile games
jason macquarrie : great game, only issue is that it seems to cause play services to crash periodically. (lg g3)
matei mihail : this is one of the best indie games i've ever played. very relaxing and i like that they added zen mode. nice graphics and gameplay. it deserves more than 5 stars :d
v t : adds pop up in the middle of the game and the game play continues in the background. if it wasn't for this it'd be five stars
matthew koen : this game is by far the most relaxing and exiting game i have ever played, no doubt. the zen mode can put you in such a state of calmness and happiness at the same time. get this game! you wont regret it
ayan alam : once i played i felt it's four star but then i wanted to play more and more best game ever made
colin : you realy are missing out if you dont play this, amazing game, zen mode is great too. must have game.
bsgold : i mean it, all the way down to the character, the music, the simple control and now zen mode. did i forget to add you can play as a llama that can snowboard!
sequoyah h. : this game is one of the best games i have ever played and i would recommend it to all of my friends and you!
nathan tj : i have a suggestion. i think it would be really cool if you added some sort of race mode to race down the hill (computers and/or online multiplayer). thank you for reading.
blakwoodz : this game s so beautiful and music s so good. the best you can get
robin rahman : the games incredible, but my only problem is when rocks appear when going steeply downhill... im moving way too fast to react to that
jake : i found it on a phone at a verizon store while i was waiting i tried it and it was amazing, then when i got my new phone i checked and it wasn't there but now it's here! and i've all ready had a blast playing it
dun kanbee : nice graphics and music. keeps you hooked to try one more run although after a while it becomes prety hard to proceed, so starts becoming no fun so loses a star because of that
eyadisho kahawaki : this game is soooo beautiful, really amazing, amazing music, it had me in tears , thank you for your efforts developers
rio s : one of the best games i've had the pleasure to play. normally i get bored with mobile games after sometime, but not this. it's really good.
ahmad abdallah : absolutely stunning, but i think that the empowers should appear more often and ramps easier to jump. i always lose because of the very difficult to jump ramps
teresa marin : alto's adventure is an awesome game from it's precise controls(alto's backflip is like sonic homing attack with a twist), minimalistic art style, epic music, endless mountains, challenging missions(wich are skipable), even things like the day-night cycle and power-ups are awesome, and zen mode is so relaxing, add to that varied obstacles and hundreds of tricks and that's one of the best mobile games out there!
rishi kumar : app need to prevent screen from timeout on next update! that's all i need then all the remaining stars. :)
a google user : simple and beautiful at the same time. love the changing background and weather. lots of stuttering and some lag on a nexus 9 though.
convict gaming : this game is a rip off of ski safari i suggest for most of you to play ski safari then this
gavin clark : great time killer, addicting, simple, no need for in-app purchases. the only thing for me is that sometimes a button might not work but, eh, i have a crappy phone.
george daly : this game is extremely well made. normal mode is a fun way to spend your time and zen mode is a brilliant idea added to an already great game which helps u improve and practice without worrying about playing well.
visenya ackerman : playing this game in zen mode with headphones on is so soothing such relaxing music and amazing graphics. beautiful concept.
alberto rodriguez : fantastic game & a stress reliever. zen mode update has excellent, relaxing compositions. other than that, the game is very enjoyable and beautifully made in a minimal asthetic.
as tech : on my previous device i played till a very high level of level 40 and it was connected to my google play games account and then i brought a new device and when i connected the game though google play games account on my new device i got no backup and again i started from the beginning,,,,, too much bad experience
justin white : i can't find any way to get past the chasm jump in the tutorial which means i can't play the game. no matter i do i always come up short on my jump.
rowan oak : great time killer, fun in general. does anyone know what the music in zen mode is called, i want to download it
golden fern : i can't see the rocks or the trees or the ramps.
lucas magno : this is a really simple but awesome game. despite having only one button it is challenging to master. and, without forgetting, of course, of the beauty, oh, how gorgeous. 10/10
grace williams : all the graphics in any other app i've ever used are pale in comparison to these. it's mood-setting and beautiful. fun game, also. i won't uninstall
jr liebelt : super fun and beautiful music. does the zen music make anyone else a little emotional
jakob crawford : stunning game. zen mode is a great addition for those who just want to tune out and enjoy the game.
vivek patwardhan : who want 3d graphics crunching games on phone. this game delivers best 2.5d experience. just tap tap and tap. lesser controls to play and more adventure. 5 stars are obvious. btw. there is noodles in my cake and cake in my noodles. haha.
ruben ortiz : its so addictive, so fun, you'll never get bored! it has so many achivements you just want to make! it just gets me so hyped! and it has the best set of characters! i just love playing with felipe! if you like a well made game, this one is for you.
pavel maly : finaly a nonviolent game this is an awesome atmospheric game with amazing music. the world needs more of these
shah b.s : what i miss is a boost button for jumping over the chasm. love this game
laura tothova : beautiful and simple, yet challenging. i also like the fact that it's not full of ads. i love the new zen mode!
stronxyo : great art, beautiful game and lovely music. to enjoy an adventure full of backflips and llamas!
christian daniel : great music, great visuals, and achievements that are difficult but doable.
petros mariolopoulos : this game is awesome...truly relaxing and stimulating simultaneously!! the only thing it needs fixing is the responsiveness of some keys (mostly off game). download it nevertheless, you will definitely enjoy playing this one!!
rkiv : this is one of the most relaxing experiances i've ever had. the zen mode is right on.
ritu singhai : one of the best games i have ever played. it is just an amazing piece of background music, animation,and very good work done by the noodlecake studios. keep on updating the game you can count on me if you have made a new update to check.
sara na : it combines adventure and relaxation in a very beautiful way, also beautiful soundtracks, amazing graphics, loved the zen mode, it's just perfect, and it makes me smile :)
charissa gabrielle : i did not expect to enjoy it as much as i did. the offline zen mode really helped whenever i feel overwhelmed in public.
rohan nair : a few glitches here and there but excellent nonetheless.
larry fong : a fun and addictive game where i can play whenever i'm bored
emmaline dindial : this game is amazing! it's so addictive and i love it. its a real loss if you don't have this game
busy dad living : i thought the endless runner genre had been done to death, but this thing is freaking gorgeous. makes me happy just to play.
jaimee dragion : the graphic are so beautiful and even with minor glitches its still looks and works beautifully and i can't put the phone down.
hussam eddine touffahi : wen i play this game is feel so good , and i love the calm music wen i played, it's the best game ever .
kevin coronado : fun and consistent, great game for any waiting room or awkward situation!
aled davies : there is a visual bug with the llama horn and fires. if you have a stampede active and go by a fire, the screen's image distorts and causes the character to crash. please sort this out.
kishan koradiya : beautiful game. stunning visuals. great gameplay. serene and calm music, especially in zen mode. kudos to the creators who made such a simple but fun and relaxing game
taehyung's mullet supremacist : i love how there is a zen mode. it's definitely one of the better games on play store.
lumen gg : best game i've ever played. need more improvement for in-game mission, and some minor bugs.
dmitri vassiliev : so fun and beautiful. towards the last few levels it takes a bit of time to complete each challenge.
big floppa : beautiful music. good graphics. and the sounds were so realistic i thought the lightning was real
arihant jain : wow..this is really awesome. too relaxing music and very good graphics. thanks alto!
anand rajalbandi : zen mode plugged with earphones makes me forget the world. and the music, background score makes me happy. loved it! :)
yndigen : the soundtrack is so good,the graphics are amazing and it's sooooo much fun. all you could do to improve it it's to make like a get-up animation in zen mode,but the game is still cool like it is. 11/10 - ign
manish kehr : so easy to play. smooth. great graphics. and has you hooked from the word go. a worthy download.
kishor kumar : mild and relaxing to relieve from stress,night time playing is better
russel llabores : this game makes me miss someone who doesn't even exist; makes me miss places i've never been to. makes me miss skyrim. maybe because of the snow?
anta : as a graphic designer, this is the best game for me. great graphic and backsound, i love how the music and the ambient of zen mode blended, amazing!
joshua lim : recently there was a lag esp when the llama horn power up is in play. my whole screen will go bonkus for a few seconds. do fix it! thanks :)
clint nichols : tapping to continue does not work well, if at all. but a fun game once it's working.
ravi tej kancherla : amazing visuals and incredibly good music makes it a favorite. the zen mode is the icing on the mountain.!!
evanz tampubolon : for development, this game may add some styles besides backflip. such as double tap while airtime to do another style. maybe grind on the forest from branch to branch. haha that's just my opinion. anyway thanks this is a great game!
steve r : played it for hours on end. there's really few things wrong with it.
scott mckay : not very original. graphics are pretty though.
stacy trinh swanson : this is the cutest, relaxing and beautiful game i ever played. i would love it if there is more scenes because its so beautiful!
cassie nicole : the game looks fun but for whatever reason i can't get across the chasm in the tutorial..
ishan mota : great graphics.. addictive..lags sometimes..does not collect coins even when u go over them in higher levels..
k whi : i normally hate games like these but this one is seriously awesome
saad malaeb : its such a smooth game, i like the game play, music amd effects
kma alath : i love the way how the place changes from night to day as your playing and the smooth controls plus movement
hellen masido : i loooooove this game. close to unlocking all characters but i'll still keep it for the zen mode music. just amazing!
kayla : this game is stunning, unbelievably fun to play, and has such an interesting concept behind it. i love it.
ege : i have never seen such a beautiful game like this. whenever i have anxiety attacks i just play this game and it calms me more than anything i tried. thank you for this masterpiece. i am in love with every part of it.
jeff stewart : this is actually really fun. like the fact that i can watch an add to continue instead of paying coins.
matheus b : when i'm not connected to wifi the screen does not load completely
angelee christine nelson : it's so peaceful if your trying to relax but your to hyper i recommend this game
posty : this game is visually stunning, blew my mind, and took my breath away the first time i played it! now, there is more. yas!!
kevin malfant : good visial design. love the gameplay and zen mode so you can just relax and enjoy the visials.
justashortgiant : the game is amazing and addicting. love the background for the regular mode and the zen mode. this game is perfect for any age.
balaji muthu : feel like i m in snow while playing.. al credits should go to designer of the game
a google user : plz add some more challanges to the game. its such a soothing game that i
am downloading it in my 3rd mobile...
mizaac bertwell : not much to say littery the best phone game i have ever played
evan shropshire : very well made no bugs or glitches music blends well with gameplay and graphics and intro animation are fantastic for this storyline not to mention the soothing music for zen mode overall great game and for noodlecakes next game i expect nothing less
domain united : this game is beautiful with a wonderful musical atmosphere. it takes the usual sidescrolling endless runner to a new level.
daisy merolin : in my opinion this is one of the best looking games ever, the graphics are simple but stunning to look at.
puna xaypanya : this game is super addictive. the artwork and graphics are magnificent. gameplay is easy, and missions are fun and challenging.
eric dyke : this game is magical. i love the color palette and the music. i love how simple it is yet provides so much entertainment.
hussein horack : great game, and so beautiful! no wonder it's won so many awards!
expert gamer : it's a big game and needs an update like more characters and more workshop items
isaac joshi : this game has really peaceful and enjoyable graphics and musics. the gameplay is exactly what you would hope for in this type of game.
lukas : great graphics, beautiful music, and great concept. definitely my favorite mobile game.
tyme night : absolutely gorgeous game. the gameplay is smooth and flawless, and the soundtrack is a gorgeous, relaxing mixture of piano, strings, and percussion instruments normally expected in an orchestra. though the game is an endless runner (complete with the power-ups and other mechanics commonly found in the genre), it shows that such games can bring so much more to the table. if you're looking for a peaceful yet engaging way to spend time, this is it.
50_billion_people : hi the game keeps crashing after trying to sign in to google
salem kazi : big shout to developers for making a zen mode! absolutely love it!
renee beckford : i cant put this game down after playing it once its such a great game
oki nurkholis : nica graphic with addictive challenges. really love this game.
abhishekdeep : one who try to meditate on oneself and want to forget about the world then one must try it...... love it like it and enjoy it
shiva j : good graphics. not very interesting or exciting, but very monotone.
yusuf andrian : (addition: the new zen mode is great, just a simple surfing without any disruptions. love it!) why i don't download this earlier? stunning visuals and graphics, relaxing music, and simple gameplay are just perfect for me. keep adding new features so everyone can enjoy playing this game even more. full stars without doubt!
drew davis : loved the simplicity of the game play as well as the look of the game. the music just tops it all off.
mostafa abd elaziz : this game describes the version reality of the storygame;it has all the required graphics and options
yoshi itto : this is very good game with nice graphic and music. but this is not my kind of game. i'm getting borred after a few rounds playing this game...
farax k : you get a really nice feeling when you play this... this makes me cry sometimes .
wolf hart : this game is the best phone game i have ever played
kristen heart : i love everything in it. its amazing. i would rather say dat altos adventure plus my adventure too. love it!!
hadas yefet : zen mode. like i needed it but didnt know how to describe it.
viknesh uthayakumar : all i have to say is dont bother playing the main game just play zen mode and let it happen so beutiful and i cant express how much i love this game.
dhrubajeet deka : the best game i've ever played on mobile. period. nothing even comes close to it. the music in this game is so soothing. the devs have really put in a lot of effort to make this game as pleasant an experience as possible. been playing this one and the sequel for well over two years now (i guess) and still enjoy it. and did i mention about the music? oh. great job, dev team, thank you for this gem
aaron refugio : graphics, gameplay are amazing! the game is nice and simple and really rakes your mind off things!
claustofobia : the graphics, sound effects, the music is simply amazing. it's calming and addictive! 10/10
larry shulman : the only problem is the time it took to loads up
mohit gupta : i love the game but my progress has been lost suddenly and there is no way i want to start it all over again. what should i do ?
destiny frye : i'm so invested in this little dudes llama catching adventure! the music is amazing, the graphics are beautiful and calming, the game is juuussttt the right amount of challenging that i'm not getting angry at it. its so pretty and perfect! turn the music on when you play!
aviationgaming /// ifag : this game have some cool animation and quality if your using samsung download now
zune - : too good to be true this is how you calm yourself from stress
sushan sudev : a very good pass time with very pretty visuals and background. a peaceful and serene game. a feeling of calm.
bucktooth1337 : the game overall is a great experiance graphically. but really thats the only thing good about it. the game gets quiet boring after a while as the challenges and gameplay is repetitive and overall the physics are really inacurate.
william kiahon ii : i like this game. the simple graphics make it pleasing to the eye and one touch controls make it simple to play
yuli popov : would also be cool if you could make a windows 8 and 7 version for pc
a google user : i've noticed huge interface lag. whenever i try to tap a "button" like "end run" or "play again"... any button actually. i have to tap multiple times before game catches on. it is really annoying. other than that great game.
ryan s. : loved this game. smooth and aesthetically pleasing, it just flows.
stif singh : the music of the skate , when it scratches with the roof is really awesome .
c li : simple and fun game, but most important the graphics are beautiful!
shubham nawani : this game is how games should made, simple but amazing graphics and gameplay.
piyush maheshwari : a peaceful game. you can actually feel yourself inside the game hovering!!!
sophie vun : this is so cool! i love the soundtrack, i'm going through some hard times so this is great for calming down! love zen mode!
manoj kumar : and the background music is so magical.i lost my self for a moment.
tayvon toney : so fun never thought a skiing game could be so fun and addictive.
adam : ...there's a tiny issue in menus, when pressing a button and it clearly catches that you've pressed it, yet it does nothing. repeatedly pressing the button, it'll eventually accept your selection. fix this and i'll rate 5 stars.
khany556 : my phone only heats up this much when my camera is on... continuously.
razin nazri : this game can release my stress...and also can relaxing my mind...good music and background...you deserve a 5 stars
benjamin duvivier : peaceful game and yet with some challenges :).
a google user : it'd be awesome if the llamas chased you with rifles noodle heads!
iskandar zulkarnain : the background is so pretty and the music is relaxing. enjoyable to play.
ramit mitra : loving the attention to detail and the design and art of this app is inspirational. great job guys ! thanks and special thanks for keeping it free.
amabel duffy : this game is totally addictive, i love the functionality of it, and that you can use it off data!
imakicker : great game try out the endless mode
betty beckman : the first time i played this on a tablet at sams club i loved it.it was amazing!
ankit patel : one of the best looking games in a long time
arun mulloth : this game has grown on me!
freddy demian : this game is exeptional , very addictive ! one of the greatest game on play store !
vishal mullur : love the music and the time change. looks especially amazing when its night.
mari anwar : this game is so relaxing, it always help me calm down.
himanshu panwar : game is really amazing. simple minimilistic graphics and great sound. especially the zen mode is great. headphones enhance the gameplay.
samuel jorge : this is one of my favorite games because it is so clean and crisp.
masterghost : the settings section dosent show up.
robert constantin : one of the few games that kept me close to the phone for days. inspired by monument valley and others. great job !!! zen mode is like a mind reader idea. noodlecacke congrats !!!
khalifa yahiaoui : this is the type of game i really love. simple. no strategy. just speed and run. great work founders!
tyler woodard : this game is great! not to hard to level up to unlock the next riders.
we cats don't need names for we know who we are : i absolutely love this game, but the video watching option has been a constant problem for a while now, and at level 31 it stopped working altogether. please fix!!!
josh le roux : just finished. so sad
ben clough : this is one helluva game. top notch!
anita verma : graphics are too real,they just like as original. the weather conditions are also real
hardipinder singh : zen mode just makes the game complete. loved it. great job developers
nhung bui : the music is brilliant, so peaceful and real. love the game and the graphic.
rajesh r : awesome bgm, giving the real feel of snow gliding.. day and night snow gliding s a dream to fullfil by this app..
ibotombi wahengbam : can put more characters and put more gadgets like the wingsuit....
aryama chatterjee : no comments its just toooooo good
jennifer tran : smooth control and love the zen mode, so peacefully skiing
sri sai sathvik kadimisetty : great graphics but cannot give five stars because it lags somewhat in 1 gb ram phones
a google user : great design, soundtrack, and gameplay. and i use it for a lot of my photos. you see that profile pic? altos adventure. you've seen my facebook? cover photo, altos adventure. zen mode + some chill music = pure chill in my mind.
nezz irwandy : this game is seriously annoying addictive!!! everything is perfect. super love the zen mode!!!!
debojit datta : how can i get my game progress on my android phone from my windows 10 pc..??? please suggest me....
tim : great game to play when you need a bit of down time!!
lord-ivan acebuche : i am so blown away. the graphics, the music, the quality. it'z superb!
hashim jamil : liked the other players you can unlock. great game.
a google user : perfect game, no glitches, 60 levels to beat, then you are the god
sickmmaner : oh with the backflip! the double into grind x10! stick the landing! ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! "clears throat" yes, i love the gameplay. love the combos.
sleer : super well made game that is super fun. i have no complaints
davey keh : the music is awesome, the gameplay is awesome, and it made me sooo happy!!! if you love peaceful games and younlike snowboarding, get this!!!!
david strba : really enjoy the progression and game play this game has to offer! great music and graphics!
spiderman and flash r life : the games mechanics are just too beautiful the music is too relaxing overall the game is absolutely fantastic !
a google user : i really love this game. and since installation i'm playing it for almost everyday.
dedi kristian : graphics are so heart-warming and gameplay is user friendly..
attie van dev : i can play this for hours. the zen mode is also nice.
anderson araujo : a very beautiful and lighthearted game, accompanied by a delightful soundtrack. strongly recommended.
masbha chowdhury : it is fun and simple and the graphics too...it's damn fun to play...love.
kelvin mwangi : helps to relax my mind during free time.
najeeb abbas : everything is so perfect .. specially music and theme of game , this is so addictive
sear ranbow : i just got kill screened and broke the game by going so far :d anyone want to try and beat 289, 750?
abhishek saral : great graphics and music, relaxing until you find the leaderboards!!
omar hanif : love it the graphics are nice and the music is nice the game brings peace to my heart
bruce hernandez-esparza : definitely recommend this, and it's so fluent on my note 5
chester : absolutely brilliant, zen mode is so awesome. the music is great
sudhakar poojari : graphic rainy is beautiful.
jaysean sanchez : i think this game needs more ideas its really good
abkrsh : never seen such a beautiful game before. i love this game.
adam seage : so chilled out.
alamgir alam : the music and zenmode surely brings out yuphoria.
xeno moonmist : i love this game graphics it is really awesome great job with the game.
kagephenex joestar : we need more games like this! its peaceful and the bgm makes it better!
zammar khan : the music by brian crawford and the amazing and beautiful backgrounds. so pure and lovely.
jakub zych : true 5/5 game. this is how perfect phone game looks like. thank you, devs.
aidan : easy to play and understand. graphics are appealing.
raul j. mendez : for a smartphone game very very unique the ambient and the details in sound and graphics awesome, adventurous game!
sumeet dhakal : simple gameplay, breathtaking graphics and heavenly music! true art!!
a google user : nice song. this game should be a award winner. you should download it actually.
krabbypattiez : this is a very fun game good graphics love the game
radoslav pirgov : cool game, nice graphics and beautiful music! try it out!
kaushik naik : it's a simple game and yet what's the major attraction is the attention to details
alchemy123br : this game is just amazing i love the music and the gameplay is so smooth.
zeely payton : this game is so cool!! i love the music, and the graphics are on point!!
tariq ahmed khan : the best game ever i have played till now.
vishal vish : wow this is the nice game i played ever...it was the great game for who wants to play a snow skating game
the electrifying phenom : this game is superb. its graphics are too good!!
sridhar rao : one of the best games in android. simple gameplay, stunning graphics!
divvya iyer : it gives a peaceful feeling while playing , the music in background is is very soothing , marvellous scenarios with the changing whether condition.... ultimately the best game i have ever played ... awesome
jeremy cayandag : i install this game because i play the video and i saw its so cool then i download it..
miles johnson : super kool. greatest game ever and i will never stop
wilson reyes : the astounding graphics and calling music makes the perfect scene
malachi bontrager : this game will forever be amazing to me and a real beauty to just about everyone.
athena affan : this game is soothing yet engaging and delightful to play!
rachel usher : i love this app, it is so beautiful and fabulous.
anisul haque : it's great. totally loved it . playing for 6 months and never getting bored.
lucian spice : this is the most coolest game to play....relaxing, time killing,challenging. worth it. if u got what takes,find the llamas.
jefferson lagran : this game is awesome, perfect before sleeping.
anvesh gr : such a lovely game...with melodious music !
violet moon : great game and zen mode is awesome
dhruv venkat : love the game , the song and plz give the name of the song asap
botter : a great game that involves a lot of adventure and tricks. this is very addictive.
pablo pelcastre : zen mode is really relaxing this game is one magnificent masterpiece.
drip ray : i like it the misic the scenery everything
saurabh banerjee : beautiful scenery gives a very soothing feel
nathan : looks good and is a fun game to play
rodin rodriguez : this is an awesome game to be challenged and relax at the same time hahaha
iqbal alamsyah : this kind of game that i can give recommendation
libby ward : i love this game so much also the graphics and the game is so much fun!
miss ing : i want to like a video mode and i can rate 5 stars
a google user : one of best game on play store with amazing 2d graphics
serma murmu : easy to control and various modes excellent time killer and awesome music
king taurus : this should be android game of the year fun and relaxing
dilip dighe : it give me the statement that we should fall and get up
colton hilton : very, very good job. download it. so fun and beautiful
tekashi 6ix 9ine : i found this game to be unbelieveabley great awesome story line
dania rayan : this is the best game ever i have in my phone
m s vishnu : quite a relaxing game. and addictive too.. graphics is great.!
victor m. saa : i really liked it. great game.
sunil dutt jhingan : 1 of d best game i have ever seen.great job snowman !!!
b. imad : great game but why no cloud saving? i hate not having my stuff when i play in my other devices
bob flecherd : great game, great,sound track, i can play this game for hours
adrian sanchez : beautiful. that's all that is needed to describe this game.
devashish khanayat : gameplay is wonderful, graphics are stunning and the concept of the game is unique. i like it, it's a must have game.
eslam nsr : incredible sound tracks, various scenes, challenging and excellent graphics
nathan : only problem is that redownloaded the game and cant find an option to regain my progress, is there an option to do this?
tihami shaikh : this is the best game i have played on android till now!
quinn cameron : it is the best game ever loved it! smashing quality
sudhir kumar : superb graphics and day-night features too awesome.
vishal sarade : lovely music! nice gameplay! just superb
sipun dash : awesome graphics and sound quality with a nice theme....
cory geith : smooth game play, sort of dark looking game in a good way love it
emir jan mateo : after reinstalling, my game achievement before didn't load... please fix.
thomas youe : my uncle recommended it to me! the rest is history!
ed epaud : i said all in the tittle (;
angie : who doesn't love snowboarding
fathya rachmani : this game is awesome, beautiful, and everything i need in a game
alexa alexandru : i like the zen mode,normal mode.its so nicely done!
ransom kumar : easy to play and great pastime .love the art style
z gamer : can you add cooperative mode in this game....looking forward
raven thunderclaw : really addictive gameplay with stunning visuals.
chennakeshav shenoy : enjoyable game that immerses you into something quaint yet thrilling
mello mel : this game will have you stuck for hours, and its visually appealing...
sudhanshu pandoh : i really love the music, its awesome.
abhik srivastava : the music is so vivid and very very awesome... i loved the music and the game is very good...
anthony bachmeier : there are many versions of this game. nothing new.
zak stewart : just plain beautiful. best with headphones.
op immortal yt : this is wonderful game . i like to play this everyday.
cyriac princeton : the bugs are gone(i think), will let you know if bugs persist. great work devs, keep it up!!!
anush shetty : best game to relax an beautiful music
jose rappai : its give me a feel of nature in the game
leothessj 20026 : took of my data when i got a new phone can you fix it my phone is a samsung galaxy 3
tim oborn : both relaxing and fun. get it.
mert baran : it's calm and challenging at the same time!
jennifer stewart : great graphics and story. kid sized fun for adults.
mayo : love the implementation of zen mode. great job.
dharmendra das : the gameplay is very good,i loved the creativity,,most importantly the music,,it's quite pleasing
sheeba abhilash : best game but if the graphics was more good it would have been awesome
i i : love the atmosphere, soothing and nice to play and chill.
asif khan : its game play is relaxing..when i play it i feel it..the graphics , game play , and most importantly its music ...
wilson neo : beautiful graphics, nice music and easy to pickup gameplay
himes : best gaming experience. 5 stars.
akos melczer : this game is amazingly fun to play.
braedon salz : chill laid back free running. love it.
felix tamil gamer : the music was awesome this is my best game ever!!!
mark heisler : easily one of the best games out there..relaxing and challenging
xochipilli vera : your a snowboarder trying to catch llamas some glitches but a great overall game would be 5 stars if no glitches were present
kate morris : love it, it's calming and addictive
diego cortez : excellent game, keeps you entertained and is awesome for dealing with stress
bhushan gudmeti : awesome cool music in zen mode, observe alto's move and hear the music, i'm sure he'll take you to a different world. 5 stars is a must.
rashik ahmed : this is one of the best relaxing peaceful game ever!!! highly recommended!
rinzin dorjee : this game is a real beauty.
theo frink : to reduce stress it's good
iceheydon : very good fun game with great graphics
sheikh joy : the gameplay..soundtrack.graphics...everything is awesome in this game..
j. hill : great time killer! excellent graphics! i like it!
shiva kinker mishra : so soothing game with beautiful music.
prashant kumar : the best relaxing game ever made for humans.
tan wolf : i love the zen mode.. totally relaxing and calm
shikhar gupta : great graphics, lovely background music nd really smooth
samuel w mugo : really good game with awesome quality and clarity.
brice lesmeister : best game i ever played #best addictive game
danian r : love this game, well presented.
judy : great gameplay and design, very relaxing. great job :)
dav fin : the icon doesnt make sense cause the game is going to the right so why is he doing a front flip where if he landed he would be going back wards
a google user : the graphics are really nice, the music is relaxing, the gameplay is fun. a well-crafted game that everyone should play :d (plus, its free on android, so it's very worth it!)
angel nimako : best game and will do anything to get it
henry pendley : i love this game and would like to download the soundtrack
rayona mims : love this game helps me relax and unwind
nolan mceachern : it the best game i have it awesome
sandeep nag : nice game a great time killer
sally lowery : this is the best game ever on the android phone
von casero : simple yet elegant. superb. great works.
dheeraj sudhakar : beautiful visuals, good art style
brenda carmichael : i love this game 4 stars, this is the best game ever...!
paul gasteiger : simple but edicting, good challanges, nice graphics.
deepansh arora : great game with some cool details and graphics just gorgeous !!!!
shaun anthony : great game... but somehow i can't retrieve my old account
papoo : whenever you play this game your mind is relaxing
kalib strickland : omgs so beautiful beautiful and amazing
muhammad abrar : just how a mobile game should be... in my opinion of course.
shoeb khan : most adventurous game i've ever played
allie enriquez : great music. very calming and peaceful.
vasu devan : it's absoluty perfect game for mind relax
zi woazaski : most amazing experience of endless.
denok anindya : beautifully relaxing yet so entertaining. good job
taposh roy : beautiful game awesome graphics nice game play
ahmed core prime : what a amazing game tnx for don't selling ads
lucidoreo : good game, worth playing
muhammad haickal : the game makes me feel relax :)
arthur .e : great game, music and visuals
james : super fun and addictive. 5 stars
carlos palacios : you can't ask for more
bhaskar shekhar : beautiful game,awesomest graphic experiences
v. varela : super smooth gameplay big fan
summer reyes : i love this game i find it relaxing and calm
a google user : great game, especially in zen mode
jaitly family : deserving of the editors choice.... it somehow make you pumped up... and sooth you as well....
adrian kurniawan : we need to funding more this kind of game
archana patel : i can not see video on the game
moin moti : the soothing effect of zen mode is outstanding
austin george : beautiful graphics and inspiring music. good game.
caleb powers : it's a good and relaxing game
rixtus kusuma : so satisfying and amazing graphic
king mata : great game nice nd simple
dr. nikhil : soothing soundtrack and eyepleasing graphics
danish jalbani : amazing most outstanding experience
sandhya mishra : the graphics are boss
shishir bindu : the mind blowing game just became mind healing.
mithlesh jain : great game with superb graphics
tanwisha : loved it. the music, the visuals and the ambience are all on point.
robbie lafont : amazing graphics hopefully a 2nd is on its way!!!
hari b : beautiful and serene, great game play
shibanti banerjee : surreal.absolutely fantastic.a definite mood uplifter.kudos to the makers.
a google user : i love it. awesome graphics. play and enjoy.. :-d
lukas egeling : i'm running android ice cream sandwich (4.0.4)
king kids : can't get past stupid chasm
stephanie richards : fun game and amazing graphics!
andrew rizko : this game is very fun. i love the awesome graphics. nice for a free app! five stars! also, fun game play! btw, cool zen mode.
op oh d king : such a great game!
maciej jagieo : awesome graphics, addictive gameplay. perfect.
kunal verma : u ll love this game, calmness in music.. & natural graphics.. totally awesome.. 5/5
abdulmonem al-dubaisi : relaxing and challenging. the music is wonderful.
kristen stewart : it's a must download game.the graphics are just awesome & good gameplay...
gerry evans : i've neely completed all of the missons
mario axel : the music and graphics is very lit.
sabeshan : that's very interesting game good animation
muhammad tayyab shafique : "awesome graphics and addicted game "
wasteland wanderer : such a relaxing game so peaceful.
caleb noble : love it... i find it calming and peaceful. great game!
mehmet emin gungor : amazing graphics and relaxing sonds. well done
sampada khair : love dis one! soothing colors, awsome graphics ..great game!
cbk shuriken : great for playing having a poo
maximo del valle : it is just amazing and well designed.
lewis phillips : just a beautifully made game.
sangita ramugade : awesome game i ever played
kamlesh waghule : mind relaxing game with backround sound
george gruschow : wonderfully simple yet fun to master
chase jeffries : the game looks beautiful
sai aditya thummala : nice game with good graphics!
guru paty : this is so amazing
keshaun jones : this game rock
kavin karthik : cool gameplay and music
aaryan shenoy : great low poly game
shantanu singh : grt graphics and very relaxing music
zircon vandi : i l o v e this game its really fun
prahlad kunalan : very smooth beautiful game
muhammad hammad : this is so relaxing and beautiful
haseeb ahmad : i love this game ever
ruben rivera : realy cool is realy best app
nauman khan : please improve the wing suit
vanessa obaseki : it is awesome and so amazing
j. knetsch : execelent and amazing graphics
justin pfaff : beautifully crafted and super fun
reyasath : love it superb game graphics are cool
alif tasin : this game is so amazing..beyond expectations.. thanks for making this game ..its super awesome!! *-*
predator x : and also watching video sucks. often its says videl player error..!!
a google user : one of the best game on platform. challenging, beautiful, fair, fun, relaxing - awesome.
chintal patel : uninstalling mainly because mobile is getting heated too much...one plus one
danail slavov : you have completed all the goals!
haris pm : love it, relaxing game.
mcgee : i'd like there to be more updates for new characters and scenery, is this going to happen?
sahil sharma : amaze to play this game.
loc bao : i play this game on samsung note 4. sometime touch on screen charater is not jump!
vicky verma : game play very smoothly ... and i love this game background music...
jaymin zala : superb background scenario from sunrise to sunset... with melody music... awesome...
jakob rothoff : beautiful, minimalist graphics, gorgeous sounds+music.
emmanuel abreu : i absolutely love this game. music, graphics, gameplay. all great.
isaac mabry : great game, very relaxing.
shoaib muhammad : i really love this game
spencer rice : its just so calming
lucas mantovani : great game, extremely relaxing
eva flores : i love this game! it's so addicting.
tito rat : wooooooooow love it so much
ilya dv : highly beautiful game.
anil thomas : really addictive game.
joshua peacock : from the soundtrack to the artwork & animations... just everything.
gaurav sharma : beautiful n simple but still addictive game.. loved it..
kemo ashraf : i need to create a fav apps playlist
shervin medone : very very great game.....when u start playing u will love it...
sohom das : coolest game ever... a great experience. awesome graphics.. love it
karan singh : really love this game ..guys download and enjoy ...
amruta bhoi : don't install it
tarmizi ahmad : kill the times with this simple game....
yosea eldwin : good game but why my phone always very hot when playing this game? even when i turn airplane mode???? fyi im using oneplus one
kabbo liate : i love the graphic :)
mahitha surendran : great game...loved it
sisthesinister : i find this app in powermac. i saw it was not free. but it is here in android! just like pou!!
ndumixo : it's just really really good
zion gibson : epic game original concept nice unlockables but maybe llamas should be worth more?
vernon groenewald : really a great game.
ilham movic : do we need to lose everything when we change phones? sound unfair
tanishq : the music is unbeatable, awesome and soothing....!!
suneeth : love u guys its so beautiful game i love it really really much.... its worth an experience.. beautiful tunes scenes, backgrounds... cud tis get any better....
thehappyrussianderp 008 : this game is that way that i like it
ahmed jaf : worth the time and effort!
surjajyoti modak : loved it!
sujay s n : good game, better graphics.. well done ..
a viswanath : very easy gameplay and a good adventurous game......
roopesh krishnan : super graphics ..
michael j. : definitely worth a try!!
muhammad iskandar : no words could describe this.....
jovanny merancio : played this at the t moble store
wayne west : when you watch a video to be revived you can't jump
tanpanama aja : foolish game.
monica baicu : i just love it!!!! simply and cool ; )
emma rogers : amazing app and graphics!!
hari ashwin : great graphics!great music! great game!
a google user : i played this game for 1yr. +
sagar baidyanatham : alto rocks #
jennifer alonzo : i love the soothing music and the great graphics!!! over all it is the best game ever!!!!!
ethan moffitt : best game ever played!!!
tiara rushing : lovee it. it's so beautiful and relaxing wish i could give it 10 stars
irfan raieen : not addicted ok
ankit prajapati : its so simple and have a great graphics
dejan dosenovic : great game!
myck lenert : it's one good
india : the best game ever!!!
omg peeps : before i catch some llamas, how do you avoid the elders??
gurtej singh baidwan : so good... graphics also
vania maciel : cool, relaxing game
jayash pandey : one hell of a game.. just try it..
sharath bhaskar : it's meditation!
a google user : insanely addictive!!
jay randy : great game.
hossein jlv : not bad, thanks
rahatil ashekin : so soothing
hon zach rg : beautiful game. loved it
a google user : beautiful and fun game.
dandy anggoro : 5 stars for this game
dhruv vasisth : great graphics!!
muhammad sinan : in this game very excitng
rupinder mangotra : its mind relaxing ..
jasper cheng : just put your earphones on when playing this game
just luqs : why cant i jump
danny jelaing : i love this game. .
den li : superbly awesome!
kenneth wiliams : first and the last period.
aravind ar : simply awesome!!!
shane anderson : loved it!
lehel nagy : greatest!
poje poje : very good game
khairul nizam : great games n graphics
carl adams : lovely looking game
faiz rosdi : best snow simulator 2k16
lawrence abad : great game for passing the time
abhik das : good resting game
day dreamz : really fun game
yurima miralle : great game so fun
ashutosh chhetri : i just love this game
kei : nice graphics
aryan : this game is so soothing
khairul imam : enjoy the visual
editing_overload : really fun and addictive app
swapnil patel : beauty!
softie bun : full of wonderment.
levi mcfarlin : cool!
salman haroon : aesthetically pleasing
escanor's tavern : i did reset my phone and again installed this game now i can't play from where i left. can i please play from there?
radit mahindro : gorgeous & simple
pradeep meena : awesome graphics and music
manjunath poojari : the game was awesome
niladri sekhar mandal : its awesome
julius arogancia : very relaxing
camilo lombard : this is joyful
soham bhattacharjee : awesome soundtrack and gameplay
giftel rain isabel : really adventurous
niranjan patra : great graphics and music
rachmad khaliq as : nice graphic
bileyn arts : more new laces
anna joy : it is a fantastic game
milan dutta : love this game
imagine earth2100 : loved the music and themes
alaa hayatleh : the cutest game ever
chris tchang : this is the un tilter game
endri sh : how to save progress in cloud
john doe : can't do tricks
sarah : great chill game
abhinay dhar dwivedi : relaxing and beautiful
beats pri : keeps force closing
the wild comedy : pretty good
yanuar : beautiful and relaxing
uuganbayar baasanjamiyan : great graphic
rantes naranjo : great game
kumaralal serasinghe : cool
karma comments : cool
talha jubair : the best game
pankaj yadav : simply awesome
gerardo pujado : nice and relaxing
jonathan cox : really good
richard black : great game
salma ahmed : perfect and addictive
maia suruy : good graphics
broken glass : great game
firoz alam : very interesting
afenyi afenyi : great game
dronacharya gaming : relaxing
smarty sky : horrible
s a : how can i restore previously unlocked characters?
harshvardhan mishra : relaxing
nico : incredible
keyboard emperor : total euphoria
paul smith : a great spectacle of how much a smartphone can achieve design-wise, a breathtaking scenery with an impressive 3d effect, and an adventurous journey filled with andrenaline. avoids being too repetitive with a variety of weathers, times and locations which are all equally colorful. plus, a modern and subtle interface giving its background the main role. perfect to pass some time fluidly
daniel krueger : this game is perfect for a quick fix for that "high score" and "achievement unlocked" itch. and it's also nice to just click and go to escape the noise and smog of your daily grind for 5 minutes here and there. and now they have a zen mode that lets you shred snow as long as you're heart desires. with no 'game overs' or angry watchmen to chase you, just plug in your head phones and play in the snow.
gajendra jaggi : the new update is amazing, zen mode is the best thing to do in the journey of alto, background score is really relaxing thus one can unwind with it. but please do increase the no. of screens that can be taken because we can only save the latest. also the new update is very laggy specially on marshmallow devices. hope you guys update these things. will give 5*
bennion sykes : i have to revise my previous comment of this game. i have completed the game twice (thanks to my phone reseting), but only now have tried out zen mode. it completely changes the game for me. i wish every app was like this; without any goals or high scores to beat. now, one simply plays the game for the heck of it and stops whenever.
yomal malinda : i loved the game. the game is gorgeous and simple. but i'd love to see some more challenges. and the power ups aren't that balanced. they really don't do anything and i rarely find a power up. that leads to levelling up the power ups with in game money. there's literally nothing you could buy with that money unless it's those last two power ups. i still don't know what they do but. the current power ups aren't something that i'm gonna use or try to use unless i stumble upon one by accident.
robert jones : to be fair, i'm a bit of a sucker for an endless runner. the problem with most of them is that they are incredibly goal oriented and twitchy. while that's not a bad thing, it can be distracting. this game does it right though. from the simple and beautiful music to the jaw dropping visuals, this game is amazing. a caveat though; if each snowboarder could be an in app purchase as well as unlockable, that would be cool.
c campbell : lots of fun to play but i have to repeatedly hit the play again button or do several taps to just get started. after i get going the tap to jump function works well. have had alto not jump at all a few times after watching a video to continue. fix the bugs and it is 5 stars. also get rid of the adverts as the game is loading. this is new and it sucks.
calean sixes : noodlecake lost its fame when it made too many games and very few are good. thankfully this is one of their good ones. one of the most beautiful games out there. furthermore its success is in its simplicity, no need to add front flip no need to add anything. the one tap/or hold makes the game even more enjoyable. just wish this game was payed for so it don't have ads and anything else but an enjoyable game.
ashvin panicker : finally finished! really loved the visuals, the concept and the gameplay. although i did keep having an issue with resuming my game after a pause and not being able to jump. also it would be cool to have a trick when you loop de loop through an archway. grind bonus op!
d's universe : there has been a problem with the settings page. every time i go there all of the options are invisible... they're surely there but you just can't see them...please fix this minor issue so that i can give you the five stars you deserve
ackhmed aizat : this game offers refreshing graphics, soothing background soundtracks, and endless fun. the trick detection and gameplay score a right balance between challenging and in-your-face. though funnily i encounter occasional stutters whenever the elder starts chasing me, and gone when it's over. overall, awesome.
marino courtoreille : love the new zen mode, very relaxing to just play the game an enjoy the soothing sounds, really helps calm me down. the only problem i noticed was when i went for the really big air, when i landed, it felt like the character either wanted to go through the ground or wanted to crash, same as landing on the power lines from a high distance. other than that i love playing this game on my free time
john lawless : whatever you did to change the sensitivity of the buttons you need to fix it. i am sick of having to tap home 12 times to get it to go to home or workshop or exit or yes or any button i want to press. fix it back and i will rate it higher, until then this stays.
alex mohai : as far as endless runners go, this game is pretty well put together. getting a lot of enjoyment out of it. it only needs a way to either disable, or decrease the darkness of the day/night cycle. the game is very difficult to play during "night" while riding in a vehicle, when sunglare hits my screen. cannot see the rocks.
james closs : i have to knock a star off due to issues with the share feature. it seems like it will only record the score from your first run of a boot up of the game if you try to tweet your score, and after i used the camera mode (which works rather well by contrast) the photo i took became the photo the game would try to tweet if i tried to tweet my score. so ifyou're never going to use the social media aspects, then i'd say 5 stars, but i really like being able to share those scores so it's a 4 from me.
indigo : oh my word... zen mode. thank you. you guys are a talented bunch - i cannot thank you enough for making this free game even better without exploiting its free-ness. i'll always have a reason to come back to this game, and hopefully support you for being great developers. thank you.
boredwayfarer : i like the game a lot, unlocked tupa and all, but it has too many glitches. when i land after making jump, i sometimes land underground and the screen blinks a few times, or no matter how i press the screen, i can't jump, or i pass by a power up normally but it does not collect. i use a sony m4 and a sumsung s5, both have the same issues, though only after one of the recent updates of the game
blacktommer 35 : this game has beautiful art and a really good soundtrack but that's it unfortunately. the game is one big repetition, where you ski down a mountain and you can jump, or jump and do a backflip. the design does not save it from becoming boring really fast. also just a clone of ski safari.
lauren sartzidis : i absolutely loved this game, there are a few glitches in game, like the videos not loading and not being able to jump when going from the menu back to the game but with 61 levels with 3 quests to each level, it is challenging and enjoyable. i also found this game to be very calming, the sounds are amazing. i just hope new quests are put in soon. :)
aaron r : a pretty cool way to kill time. simple but somehow beautiful design. i took away a star because there's no way to out run the elders. eventually they catch up to you if you are able to escape. they change speed and you can never let them pass you by grinding something and letting them run under you. they're essentially a way to knock you off so you have to watch an ad before you can keep playing. the ramp jumps also have weird timing. releasing when it feels right causes you to come up way short and die.
obadah alfaham : a well made and very addicting game. aesthetically pleasing. the design and the music are very nice. relaxing and enjoyable. good upgrades so that it stays interesting. the only game i've ever played where i'm okay with ads because they're well placed ads, like having the option to watch an ad to revive, so they're not annoying or in your face.
spaghettifetus : this game is just amazing. its stunning visuals and beautiful soundtrack just astounds me every time i play this game. it's also not the type of freemium game where to get the best experience you have to pay for everything. its gameplay is so simplistic but addicting. i would absolutely recommend this game to any casual player, or any player in general!
cody holland : the game is really fun until it turns into night then it's impossible to play. nomatter how bright i make my phone screen, i can't see what's going on. i've never met anyone who skis at night, what's the point in this.
kartikeya mehta : this game is sooo relaxing, especially the zen mode. you can play it for 1 hour at a stretch. graphics are sooo good. this game might have some boring stuff too like just surfing, but yeah, it super relaxing with nice music. :)
bill davidson : i love this game. simple to play. music is great. just love the game. but the problem is when the game switches to night time. it seems you snowboard more in the dark than during daylight hours. so the avatar goes dark against a dark background and dark obstacles. the rocks kill you. you can't see well enough to know if you've completed the backflip. and the what makes it even worse is it the ambient light in the room or the cat is bright, you might as well just play with your eyes closed. otherwise,love it
a c : i love this game but encountered a bug. i bought the wingsuit before unlocking izel, at which point you're supposed to buy it as a goal. the wingsuit button completely disappeared despite the goal being immediately checked off and i am now unable to reach izel's full speed. or use the wingsuit. definitely not going to redo 31 levels. hold off on buying the wingsuit till you unlock izel and hopefully you won't deal with any issues
anas al-abdulaziz : the one game that i just loved so much from the first second . very relaxing awesome sound track awesome game play the game is just awesome i have never played a game that amazing highly recommended and don't you even dare play this game without headphones or headsets its the most important part of the game hats off for the creators and developers especially the sound designer i just love you guys :3 also there is not that much ads so everyones happy.
dankwasher : great shadings and landscape but it crashes whenever i break another record. when this happens it doesn't keep the info that i broke another record because it doest autosave at right time. it doesn't tell us that it autosaves too that's why other games put some saving icons.
sanket pawar : this is not just a game it's a different kind of experience. zen mode gameplay and it's music takes you in the different universe. very angelic and ethereal music it is. when you're playing this game you will forget all the sorrows in your life.. it makes you feel very positive. this is by far the most beautiful game i've ever played. thanks to the developers that you thought of such a beautiful idea.
prasun paul : the game is awesome, the graphics are good, gameplay is easy enough, background music is soothing. the problem is that it consumes a lot of battery. really, it sucks a lot of juice out of the device, and i can't play it for longer durations. i don't know for how long i'll keep playing it, which is sad considering it's such an awesome game.
bakari morris : this game is absolutely amazing especially for a mobile title. the art sound and gameplay come together to immerse you in the snowy village to create a fun relaxing experience. my favorite part was how the level transitioned from day to night. the colors were stunning and the gameplay challenges were appropriate. attainable but challenging. perfect mobile game to kill time.
craig m : snowman, the original developers of this game, have publicly blasted android users for being pirates. so instead of staying off of the platform and sticking their precious ios, they pay some other developer to make a "coin" and ad infested version of it. i just downloaded the game with the intention of paying to unlock it, but there's no nowhere to do that. so snowman, don't put us on blast for not paying for stuff when we aren't even given the opportunity to do so. this is a basic copycat game anyways.
steven campbell : so after getting to grips with the game, as easy as the game looks, you learn some skills to make the game even more awesome. if you suffer from depression and anxiety, this game is hands down a winner. for those days you can't even bare to move, this game helps calm your mind and eases your anxiety. great distraction tool. awesome work!
nathaniel stevens : is a great game overall, i am especially fond of the audio, particularly the storm audio, however, the buttons often do not work. i qill click them and a sound will be made but nothing will happen. this will happen with the play again and watch video buttons.
d mccall : first of all let me say how much i love this game! i play it all the time and it's a different experience every time. that being said, i have a small idea i'd like to promote, what if the wingsuit became an extra life? if you have a full wingsuit bar and you crash, it should put you back on a previous spot instead of losing the game. just a suggestion
bepi spallanzani : i love this game so much i play this to relax before going to bed! especially now that ther is an added zen mode. thanks for that. i love just getting lost in the game. thank you so much 11/10 just a suggestion add volcanoes in this hihi. or nott might not be soothing. or maybe a part where he goes high going to the galaxy a quick bonus. the galaxy scene makes me relax too.
avisian : people should expect to pay for things of this quality. sound and graphic design is superb, gameplay is simple but solid and enjoyable. really enjoying this. bought the double coin not cos i wanted it, but cos you guys deserve to make money off of this product well done. down with f2p.
div : wow. just wow. this is the most calming game i've played. especially on zen mode. with a bit of fun thanks to challenges the game is focused mostly on calm moods rather than challenges. a different perspective on gaming but well layed out for the type of game.
russell andrews : the new update is really buggy, you have to click on menu icons 2-3 times before it does anything, you get a weird flash across the screen when you hit a llama horn. and now it lags sometimes when grinding. does all of this on both galaxy tab s2 and s6 edge. also it would be great if you could get rid of the peasant scum cheats out of the play games leaderboard.
joseph anderson : very fun and we'll developed game from the game play itself and concerning the decisions the developers have made to make the experience enjoyable. ads are only visible if you want to get some extra coins. no pop-ups begging for reviews. i admire these traits in a game so came here to review on my own. for the game itself, great to pickup and play a quick run or settle down and play for a while. runs smooth with just a little lag on my old s4 occasionally. good challenges and just plain fun. good job!
darla : for me alto's adventure brings me so much memories and it's so relaxing and peaceful.it makes me feel so.....the music is very beautiful..it's just an awesome and new experience for me. i've never played such a relaxing mobile game ever
a j : such a great game, it's fun amd addictive with beautiful scenery and non obnoxious music. a good balance of easy and challenging without being boring or annoying, plus you don't have to spend money if you don't want to :) highly recommend
thomas hogan : great game, very simple yet challenging. easy to play a round with little time investment - except that you keep wanting to try again after you crash. the only reason i gave it 4 of 5 stars is because the "buttons" - end run, play again, etc. - are little laggy which can get annoying
cpt ainaut : i played this game from time to time on my old phone lg g3. its a very gud game. jumps are smooth. the weather changing thing add a little challeng, i like it. the reward system is amazing. running from them elders are intense lol. but... got my g5 today and i'm starting everything from beginning. wth. other games' cloud saves are fine. whats going on!?
sean davis : this game is amazing, my new favourite game. it's not too easy but easy enough to master. i have no complaints. the graphics and sound are beautiful and it's not tiresome, i love trying to beat my score as it's not a chore to play time after time.
robert williams : it's beautiful. so elegant, graceful - there's so many small moments of delight with this app that transcend the simple screen experience. the emotional reaction you'll have from this game was clearly well thought out by the developers. experiencing my first zen zone while waiting for my coffee, outside a cafe... i think i may have teared up! if you want an app that's going to let you feel joy from simplicity, get this. kudos to the developers; particularly in letting gamers experience your game, without forcing them down the pay to play path, and making it optional.
thomas barr : if you didn't catch on from the icon picture and the poetic description, let me be the first to tell you that alto's adventure is one of the most aesthetically pleasing games out there, both visually and sonically. it's on that same level as smash hit. it's for the most part an easy and frustration-free endeavor but quite gratifying. the new zen mode supports this peaceful ethos surrounding this nonviolent and experiential-centered game. 5+!
grace ham : this game is so simple and peaceful. the art style, music, and graphics are beautiful, amazing, and wonderful. it has taken my breath way and stolen my heart. i absolutely love this game. they have a zen mode and it is my favorite thing in the game. it is just so blissful.
tony lizarraga : this really is a stunning game but there are some really glaring bugs. first is that there's zero cross device support despite having the account the in. your goals and unlocks don't cross or will be really or if date/sync. second is that the buttons to end, watch video, or go home are really laggy, to the point of frustration. i can overlook the last buttons, but the lack of cross device support is really disappointing, especially since there's the intent. fix for 5 stars!
hanyi sunny : the game has really great graphics and i really like it :) however it sometimes goes a little nutty while i'm playing and the game doesn't sense my touch (eg if i tap the screen to jump or backflip, the character doesn't respond). i can always close the app and reopen it, but it's a bother - please fix!
paris andreou wellness gr : i hadn't played video games for a long time before alto... this game is stg else. it teaches you about life. personally i've learned to appreciate time more and all the seemingly little things... i've learned to let go of stress more easily... to keep going when the going gets tough... all weather is good weather after all, and there's beauty in all things, bad or good... you can only get what i'm saying by playing it. playing alto is a wonderful experience, it just made me feel obliged to give stg back.
sreeraj r : the game is really good. and the 5 star is for the older version. the new update is full of bugs. the screen flickers through out. the option like play again .. pause menu options responds tooo slowly... pls do make it correct
mgamgam : it's one of those games where you run and avoid obstacles (jetpack joyride, minion rush, etc etc) but this one stands out by a lot. there's even details so small yet simple like rain, thunder, or day and night. as a bonus extra characters are unlockable and instead of the only difference of character and character, they have different statistics. great game overall, and really enjoyed it!
lauri lillipuu : i love this game. i play it all the time. but the moment when i die and the game asks me to revive my character, sometimes it does not respond when i press watch the video. as time is passing i settle paying 1500. obviously that works right? well after i paid a fee i really didn't want to, my character refuses to jump. everything else works beautifully. i can pause etc. but jump i can't. so after i paid for getting revived i obviously just die on the next rock since i can't jump. would've given it 5...
simeon lukich : the only reason that this isn't a 5 star review is that it has in app purchases. i really want to contribute to the developer for making a great game but the only way for me to do so is via in app purchase. i don't want to reinforce that stupid trend in mobile games
chris c. : i'm a bit startled by how non-fun this is. i try again, and again give up after realizing the game is still crap. literally half the screens are too dark and you move too fast. it's less a game than a test of your reaction time and some rocks are impossible to jump. uh ... whee? it looks good -- it's just no fun to play.
shirsho jyoti : awesome soundtrack, artistic graphics, dynamic weather change makes the game environment much better than that of any other mobile game. the pacific mountains turn the game experience into a refreshing break from daily jobs.
navaneet baruah : an innovative way to connect on a psychological level coupled with soothing music and picturesque ambience. the zen mode is one good stress buster. but please don't downgrade this game in any way. this is one game that i find is a piece of art
why : some times though the rock spawns behind the building and it's quite dumb to die to something u can't see
akhil singh : but i have a suggestion " it would be great if you add a 'speed' bar too in the game... so it will be easier and more interesting for us to manage our speed during jumps and flips" i hope my suggestions would be helpful.
sean engle : i find myself getting lost staring at the beauty in this game (which often causes me to lose!) there's something about this game that brings me peace. it's fun to play and not frustrating to lose. weather and daylight changing keeps it fresh, and there's llamas.
ready solo 1 : gameplay is dull with no clear objective or replay value. stages are all the same with little variation (dark, light, and raining is all you get) sound track is non exsistent and there is only one song on loop and gosh am i tired of hearing it. not to mention a single rock or campfire ends your run and you have to watch an add for up to 3 lives. you couldent just run the ad at the end of the run? really? greedy dev is greedy. not to mention this is all ready bordering on cloneing another game.
tashu rastogi : after playing it for a while, it starts to not respond to the touch feeds! sometimes when u land after a jump there is no chance u can escape the rocks ...i think its because different characters have different jump strengths nd the distance btwn two obstacles is not in accordance with the above mention! i hope u can find some way to reduce such situations!! all the best!!
vaino leppanen : nothing complicated here. this game is well made and fun. i especially like to try double and triple backflips. the sunsets, sunrises, and stormy weathers add a nice touch.
yuushi asahara : sometimes when i come back to play the level revert back to the previous level. this could be really annoying esp when you tried really hard to pass said level.
paul danyliuk : also the latest updates (the one bringing zen mode) introduced a few bugs: power-ups seldomly not being picked up, screen going epileptic when smashing rocks, player suddenly losing velocity mid air and starting to freefall etc. also would love less repetitive music maybe something procedurally generated like the levels themselves?
martin spasovski : update: did clear data on google play services, now works okay. old: game crashes after the latest update. i get the splash screen, and then after i select my google account, the game crashes... it worked just fine before that.
jesper hauerslev : one of the most beautiful games on mobile. the art direction is simply amazing and the game itself is so easy to pick up and play but hard to master. it is the addition of the new zen mode that makes the game a real winner though. it's such a great way to unwind and just enjoy the game's beauty and amazing music. wish more games were like this. it doesn't all have to be about highscores and in-app purchases, you know!
verity filipow : this game is gorgeous. it's so simple, but so beautiful. really reminds me of journey in that regard. the seasonal/ day/night cycles are beautiful, and the scenery is just really, really pretty. i'm all for beautiful games, what can i say! even the sounds are fantastic. i've no had any technical issues with this game so far (galaxy s5) and everything runs smoothly. a fantastic, highly addictive adventure, i really can't recommend it enough!
brandon roman : this game is straight up awesome and so relaxing. i hope you add more maps and more power ups in a way that doesn't take away from the peace of the game. great game overall, loved it.
anna parker : i have a dell venue 8, my alto app will not open, it always says it quit unexpectedly when i try to open it. i un-installed and reinstalled, and cleared the data for the app, but that did not fix the problem. please fix this, i will give 5* when fixed. this has been a problem since february 2016
george wicks : sometimes it gets a bit boring and woyld be cool if you could add more settings and music.
danny martinez : i absolutely love this game but i have one little request. add more slow motion. and add an effect around the screen or stop the music when it goes into slow motion, then resume the music when you land the jump. please
raffy rasendriya : i cant find the picture that i took from my gallery, and i search everywhere but i still cant find it. and second, you should remove all obstacle from zen mode or the game play automatically so we still can hear the sky sound, thanks
carla t : it's a good game with great graphics and non invasive elective ads. fun for a while but then the missions become quite impossible due to the lack of variety in the moves. how are you supposed to land a 10.000 points combo when all you can do is jump, grind and back flip?
ari : awesome graphics (cute & realistic), perfect for a very hot summer, no annoying quests or anything whatsoever, fun accessories (like the wingsuit and the magnet), characters with different skills... the only thing i need now is advice on how to jump chasms effectively! ;d
a google user : it's just a ski safari clone, but way worse.very bad and slow response to controls.the music is bad, almost makes you go in coma.
eric kirschenmann : an okay have ruined by ads every time you play a run. and they're completely obnoxious ads that play sound stopping any music or what you're listening to.
ashwith rego : i like the game but the ad system is broken. when i paused and resumed a game, an ad appeared and i couldn't control the character anymore. rating this 3 stars till it's fixed.
jeff morris : thanks for removing the crashing and obtrusive ad. this game is brilliant and lovely to play. a simple flip never gets old! great download. *update - zen mode is very cool! relaxing fun during a hectic day is nice.
jake v : love the game, amazing graphics and music. there needs to be a game like this but for mountain biking. the only i can think of to improve it is more game modes
dorothy chai : peaceful, calming and beautiful. often i feel frustrated and paranoid, thus bringing me to this game. i highly recommend getting alto's adventure.
morgan freeman : the beautifully crafted game design runs perfectly with the slow music even when your speeding down mountains
eileen v : it good it's awsome but i just started and every time i crash into the mountains i'm just their waiting for something to happen and i'm just stuck with the totorial
brett connolly : relaxing music and simple but fun controls. wish there was slightly more diversity in game play other than essentially just jumping and doing flips.
victor shlifer : after playing, you going back to the menu and want get back to the game the tapping not react. you can press pause but not jump. and today issue is when you press to watch video nothing happens but when you press restart after 10 seconds appears message that blocking the screen:video not available and the game doesn't paused.
ezekiel lancaster : everything about this game is simply gorgeous! excellent visuals backed by a beautiful soundtrack. i only have one issue. when night falls in the game, it's incredibly hard to see outside. an option to turn the day/night cycle off would be nice.
lawrence ashley : i keep getting these bugs! first it was time jumping where alto would lag as the next zone loaded in. now it is that after a revive, alto no longer responds to inputs and will keep going until he hits a rock! the lagging i can tolerate to a point, but the stopping to responding to inputs is the worst. its too bad, because i am so in love with this game. 5 star concept, 3 star execution.
eduardo pradana : game is simple, tap and go down the hill. game's atmosphere is awesome. they have day and night and dawn, rain, storm and snow. character selection. i wish they had more costumization
bala krishna : weather changes, sounds and game are good. but it is taking more memory, and battery drains quickly. may be for high end phones. overall it's good.
m c : although it's nothing exciting, another running game jumping obstacles and picking up coins, this one has beautiful music, exclent graphics and design. personally it is not an adictive game i do believe it's one of the most beautiful phone games i've ever played. congrats
jason schwartz : beat the whole thing. took a long time but i got there. 5 if you give me more levels or riders.
varun mittal : i love this game, but after the update i found i serious bug in the game. while playing sometimes the prayer completely stops jumping after tapping the screen. i have to close the game and reopen it again then it starts jumping. look into the matter.
tushar chaudhary : i love the calm environment and the quality in its sound. i love listening to the very real sounds of the rain..
adam cobbett : i am now playing this game so much more. during one play i hit a rock and just left it because i landed in such a beautiful spot. you can now admire the beauty of this game even more than before.
sackrefied : it's an allround great game, the visuals, the ui and the gameplay. the music is kind of repetitive would like some more tracks
scott adams : this game is definitely a step up from most mobile game offerings. it's simple, with fun challenges and easy controls, plus it's visually stunning and doesn't use up a lot of battery power.
purvik rana : it's a great game. you'll have great experience of playing this game and yeah, game sounds is awesome. never get board out of this. download it and experience it.
carlos cristerna : i was looking for a game like this, that feels like a dream. great graphics and incredibly relaxing music and natural sound effects.
vishnu harshan : nice graphic quality, especially the weather, time changes are quite good.i feel soo great when i play this game. just an excellent fantasy which refreshes my mind. looking forward for more quality games like this from team. nice job done here
t geo : i really enjoy the beauty and simplicity of this game - but night mode is too difficult. i have prefect vision and even for me it's sometimes too dark to see the rocks. also, a better tutorial on how to make the high jumps would be useful. edit: since the new update the menu buttons are unresponsive and have to be pushed several times to get the required action. it has become so annoying that i don't play the game as often anymore. please fix!
kayle wilson : seriously, it has been a long time since i have played a game that i have enjoyed more. from the game play, to the graphics, and music everything was done right. thank you for such a fun clean game.
neil bothma : i can fully relate to this game, i feel like you have to do what you love and must in even the darkest night or the brightest day and in any weather and when you fail or fall you have to stand up and try again... therefore i love this game...
jordan baxter : i have never felt more immersed, more at peace with any other game i played. i can react and relate to all the problems and it's a wonderful experience. definitely recommend this
aaron george : beautiful graphics, good music, and fun game play. it's addicting. my only gripes are that can't turn off the day cycle, the float powerup is completely useless, and the rocks end up in places make it impossible to miss. i mostly noticed the rock problem once i unlocked ezel, but it happens a lot. usually i'm coming down from a jump and the rock is right in front of me, there's no time to jump before i hit it. i don't mind dying if i mess up, but this is just frustrating. still an amazing game though.
basinbot20 : this game has perfect scenery and nice music to listen to while snowboarding down a mountain.
tegrah : played awhile unlocked all characters. too many rocks past 30,000m. a bug with the rocks and llama (after horn), camera goes right in so blacks screen for millisecond, been killed because of it multiple times. needs something new as it's too repetitive, change elders or multiple paths... more tricks than back flip. anyway still real nice game to waste time on.
mehdi : this is such a great game, and the addition of zen mode makes it even better, it's so relaxing to sit and play it with headphones
welsel : nice graphics and easy to play but sometimes just bit difficult to see the obstacles.
bill f : awesome side scrolling endless runner. wish chained/consecutive back flips kept your combo streak active, but that is my only suggestion to improve a near brilliant app
dude guy : i've only played this for a few minutes and i can't even describe how beautiful this game is. it gives me goosebumps just listening to everything. :o :d
ilias kordoulas : an amazingly fluid game and one of the most or maybe even the most beautiful game i've ever seen on mobile. amazing in all areas
adam foster : the whole game is perfect, very smooth. arcade mode is fun, and challenging and zen mode is so relaxing. the game revolves around the sound track. as the sun sets the music fades and calms, then as the sun rises, it grows and becomes triumphant. masterpiece
daniel brubaker : pure eye candy. so great to just load up zen mode and get lost. would recommend.
khloe honess : downloaded through the game fest thing google have going. it said you get the double coin's free but it definitely hasn't unlocked. shame as i would have kept playing if it had worked.
raghuteja a : the game freezes momentarily and then alto just crashes. the game also consumes more battery life now... :/
ari duke : i like this game so far, its very artistic and peaceful. however, i would suggest that you alter the rocks some way for it to stand out. sometimes i wasn't sure if it was a rock or if it was just part of the scenery
gideon villena : zen mode is absolutely fantastic. as if the game wasn't already good, the zen mode addition made it even better.
itsmemakz : the simplicity of the game makes it beautifull in a way where you get distracted by a wonderfull sunrise between mountain peeks. a beautifully planned out game, loving it
sentiwapang longkumer : love the background song, ambient noise and the changing weather..very addictive and simple game play .. level 41 now..determined to unlock the last character :d
jervaughn lewis : new updates have been very buggy, doesn't sync my scores and screen flickers. it's not fun no more
vinny : i love the zen mode. it would be nice to actually not have a lot of rocks/campfire in zen mode since it's really calming. thumbs up guys
heather m. riley : i read the reviews and decided to give it a try. there is something calming about it, but it's still fun. i haven't tried the zenith mode yet, but it sounds even better. worth the download.
jerush justin : this beats most of the endless runners in the market. very artistic. neat graphics. great sound effects. and it's totally free.
patrick leuchtmann : easy at the beginning and getting harder by the level. enjoying the simple but nice graphics. hope to enjoy the new zen mode.
amandanu bramantya : i can enjoy the beautiful sceneries while playing this game. playing alto's adv makes me feel relaxed and is a great way to spend time.
alex norris : simple gameplay but oddly addictive. it puts you into the zone.
sully : this game is really fun and well made! i enjoy almost every aspect of it. the kne thing i would like to add to the game is the option to have day or night mode. i personally have a lot of trouble seeing it while its night time and im in a relatively bright room. i also have minor color blindness which makes it very hard to make out the darker blue obstacles againts the dark blue background. i can only imagine how hard it would be for someone with more severe color blindness.l
odri veseli : the game is challenging , the graphics are amazing , the music is so relaxing and the zen mode is a blessing . it helps me so much to find the calmness inside of me . i just love it
thomas rowland : everything about this game os done amazingly, even the music and sound effects which are normally average on mobile games. my only problem is that the screens glitches and flips around for a few seconds sometimes, if this is fixed then i'll rate it 5 stars.
beekibye : even though the mechanics are the most simple thing, the inmersion is completly achieved thanks to the landscapes and the beautiful music. 9'5/10 experience.
mike pepin : first, this is a total copy of ski safari, which has been around for years. second, this one is buggy. the on screen buttons like "end run" and "play again" have to be pressed 3 to 7 times before they register. i've liked some noodlecake games in the past but this one is a sad copy of another fun game. go get ski safari instead.
kim : yeah it is ok. but, i hate how you have those video options that never work. fix it or just remove it.
matthew brisson : i would recommend this game very much. it doesn't require wi-fi and is very enjoyable. also a+ graphics.
bridget jensen : love this game. great for calming down after a long day, or for anyone with anxiety. it has beautiful animation and nice music, but is still a fun game.
tess knols : the player can tell that the producers of this game took every single detail into account. its a stunning and absolutely addicting game. i love the idea of the zen mode and how the day changes. its a great game and i recommend it to everyone. great job.
xavier jones-benjamin : i repeatedly press watch video before the timer runs out but it didn't work and is very annoying.
vishnu das : the screen sleeps while playing. i have to keep jumping to prevent that from happening. please fix this. otherwise it's a beautiful addictive game
abhimanyu gupta : the things i liked the most in the game is its flawless graphics & sound combination, the scenes they are just too awesome. about the game, a lot of work need to be done on it. i pretty felt that their is lack of controls to the character.
pat albert : very simple beautiful game and its very calming to play plus i like the zen mode which is very relaxing and you can just go and watch the animations how it goes from sun to dark to rain it's just a beautiful game very simple good job guys hope y'all continue altos adventure already a classic in my book
j weatherly : love this little game. nice graphics, fun action, and like how it gets progressively harder. would recommend
abhijith ms : i love playing this game because it has a mind refreshing background graphics and a very beautiful background music. it really refreshes our mind.
sam rock : a very unique art style with a nice setting. the only problem with it is that some missions seem way to difficult because they are mainly based on luck.
daniel peirce : something about the mechanics of alto's spins and the limited fov makes for a very exciting then maddening experience. the audio/visual experience is exquisite, but the gameplay leaves something to be desired compared to other autoscrollers.
luv shukla : the most beautiful game ive played. it appeals to all your senses. dont need to worry about anything when you play this. you can suck at it and still have a smile on your face
a google user : fun game, easy to learn and play! zen mode and photo mode are both cool :) i'm still wondering when we'll see the pickaxe and helmet items that our ios friends have had for some time...
andy whitehall : great game a must buy. altos adventure is really fun trying to beat your previous score while trying to complete the challenges as well. over this game should be 10 star
jayden jaffer : no joke, the best stress relief game i have ever played, the sound and music are killer, not to mention the visuals, i give it a 10/10
hunterhabib : cant say wow enough really great concept to lose yourself in the moment . best game i've played on my phone bar none and let me tell ya that's saying something take a bow creator you've really out done yourself . 5 stars all the way.
saumya susmit : the game has got it all that takes to be a good game.simple but nice graphics.never had anything glitches or crashes.smoothly functioning. it's a good time pass. i would recommend to give it a try.
rory : love this game to bits, love the soundtrack, love the new zen mode, need an mp3 download on dat stuff and the game is simple and fun.
nora f : beautiful graphics, awesome concept, very fun to play. the ever changing atmosphere of the game and the addition of zen mode make it very fun and relaxing. the characters are also very cute.
kevon o'brien : great game, very enjoyable but the rocks are completely invisible so i have no way of seeing them
atifa h : everything is great, the graphics, the storyline and it runs smoothly. but it's too difficult for me
jc juan : kindly add coin packages cause collecting coins for upgrades kinda gets boring
kenneth cortes : superb! no ads, great graphics, a ton of fun to play. this is the golden standard for mobile gaming; a true hallmark of excellence.
hassan nawaaf : i love playing this game but when it fails to recover my progress using google play games on a new phone. my achievements can be seen but i can't continue with my latest saved progress
chris cox : this game is quite fun and offers some challenges. like any fame once you complete the missions... it gets boring. but i enjoyed playing.
kay brown : this is a lovely, fun and challenging game. i've sunk a lot of hours into this game and i highly recommend it.
dissapoinsquid : sweeping graphics, cool characters, and llamas. this combanation kept me entertained on a nine hour road trip.
rachel hutchens : i love this game, however it's impossible for me to have wifi or data on while playing, because it makes the game lag really bad. the game also lags terribly usually when i first open it, and the first "round" i play. that being said, it is very fun and well crafted.
krievv _ : it was amazing. looked really good and in zen mode it calmed me down. so whenever you are angry. just go into zen mode.
lemming cide : never before have i felt the need to review an app but this game is by far my favorite with it's music and simple gameplay, it's truly an enjoyable game i can relax to.
john doe : its clear that the ratings are bought. the game is very boring. you do nothing but click when you want to jump. visuals ok, but thats it.
mehdi raza : the fact that its completely ad-free, and no forced in-app sales is simply cherry on top. well done devs! keep'em coming. you have my support.
aanish ashfaq : absolutely breath taking. the atmosphere of the game is unlike anything i've ever played before. the music, the landscape and the game-physics is beautiful.
toni khoury : the best endless runner out there. great graphics, great score and the fact that it isn't pay to win is a huge plus. unlockable characters, interesting challenges. this game is a winner for sure.
kevin benny : a beautifully written game. probably one of the best looking games out there on the market; minimalistic yet immersive.
daniel paterson : simple but effective. tight controls and a gorgeous visual design make this an exceptional game that should be on every phone. 10/10 prancing llamas
faizeh javed : the game is more like a relaxant to me. it soothes my nerves and the soundtrack helps even more. thank you!
cam cleroux : its all the same as other games. endless runner gets boring quickly for me anyway. well made, relaxing music, cool background. but im sorry to say its an uninstall for me.
joshua andrews : new update is so buggy. all of the rocks and trees are now invisable. as you can imagine the rocks being invisable makes the game just a bit harder
paul newman : very well done, but video ads (by vungle) should be mutable separately from background audio and have consistent controls placement.
divyanshu singh : i loved this game, but after completing all the levels, i've played it enough to not play it for feel only. plz add more levels and players.
a google user : very lightweight gameplay, relaxing, and peaceful. special thanks for zin mode and soundtrack. update. now game is terrible. it hangs, losing textures, advertising even in pauses. looks like qa team dismissed all at once. just 2 stars now.
sabah punya : it was a little bit bored until the update is coming. thanks. its worth 5 stars from me. please give us more updates
madison solis : i loved this game the minute i got it, the graphics are super cute! this game also is fun competition between friends.
mayank sengar : i was playing alto prior to the zen mode release, but zen mode has added a amazing aspect to an existing wonderful gameplay. the whole ambience has blended in like a perfect cocktail. kudos team, amazing work.
toby cook : watched an ad to revive phillipe, then when the ad was over and the game screen appeared, it just froze with the blur overlay and wouldn't restart the run.
carlos martinez : at this time in my life in very sad... bit this game is so relaxing and the zen mode is perfect
matheus ferreira : i played this game for about 15 minutes now, and i gotta say. i've been blown away. this game has simple, yet beeeeautiful graphics, a soothing atmosphere, a well-defined theme, and reeally good gameplay. can't wait to get 15 days of gameplay on this.
ian mulisa : this game is amazing i play all day zen mode great never glitched on me so smooth and it so relaxing well...until an elder gets you but trust me this game is worth it
reigne lover : this is a very fun game, but is also very nice when it comes to graphics. i had fun playing it, as well as watching the background change over time as well.
reasat m : the screen goes to sleep if you're not tapping it for some time, and it interrupts gameplay. other than that, one of the best games in play store.
jakob west : really hard to see rocks at night. i constantly crash because i just couldn't see them
azeez ahmad zai : really i don't understand whats the point in it. is it really a game? i m watching it go ... it jumps itself, ski's itself, falls itself. i dont have any single control except that it back flips during jump. somebody please tell me whats the fun it. i know i'm the dumbest person here. sorry.
matt zielesch : i would love to be able to play this game more, but the terrible audio stuttering through my bluetooth headphones makes it unplayable.
mushfiq ahmed : graphics and the mission scenario is great, but the game should include a couple of more tricks at hand as at points it gets boring by just grinding and backflipping.
mohan mirdha : its vry gud in zen mode..but there is some bug in normal mode..its difficult to play in normal gameplay...
d lishus : needs more levels and challenges, characters and more than one trick. it's a good game but could be easily better. hopefully we'll see an expansion or alto 2 soon.
phatwayne : great game but, why are the menu buttons unresponsive. i have to press them multiple times before they do anything.
rasyad iskandar : a mobile game that transports you to a little place where you can get away. you'll make some new friends too
christopher tadlock : i really like the game. it's beautiful. but zen mode is amazing. studio quality headphones and ten minutes of zen mode is a complete day changer. thank you for this.
fluto san : it soothes my mind and the scenery is just so beautiful. the music is the best part. plus the new zen mode is amazing keep up the good work guys
viktor kurochkin : really beautiful game but a little bit frustrating arcade mode. it seems the only way to increase speed is stuns, but the moves are to slow to do it often and the generated level pretty often leads you to the dead end.
nikita naris : just incredible. my favourite mobile game and one of my favourite games in general
timothy claassens : i only wish nighttime has more contrast. it's absolutely impossible to play a night level outside of the house without bumping into the first invisible rock :(
megan murphy : edit: lag issues since update. please fix. good when i'm anxious and need distracting. calm music and pretty animation
ethan cox : there needs to be more characters! and more events like an avelanch or a battle and more scenery like cuzco or lima or ancient gold inca temples (in style of emperors new groove). also, i'm digging the zent mode but the character should run to get their board after they fall off and they should go down the other side of the mountain (you should get an option for which side is which mode).
tanmay gawde : nice game love to play daily,but one annoying thing which i feel if someone clear all three task complete in one run new task not won't comes automatically until we failed,so please change it
storm trooper : a beutiful and breathtaking casual game. i found the zen mode to be fun and relaxing, new environments every game definatley replayable.
naqiuddin wahab : just please relocation the pause button at upper corner left not down corner left because it distracting me when play the game.
meraj anjum : loved it great keep the updates coming love the day and night cycle add newer modes simply awesome and thumbs up for me
jenifer seematti : i loved the game. spent so many hours on it till the end. great graphics and flawless game play. the goals were too good and pretty hard at times, which made it even better.
bud oliver : i'm officially addicted! the artwork is beautiful, the game play fluid, and the level bumps-once ever 10 or so challenges- is fluid. so much fun.
ajinkya borade : i play it everyday in metro while traveling back home from work. enjoy the little things in life
reyzes peyzes : gorgeous graphics, perfect music, and excellent gameplay make this mobile game something everyone should have on there phones!
mia kaella enriquez : i love the feeling this game gives me. i feel calm and the music is just oh so lovely and serene.
r pendley : when ever my run ends it gives me a video thing so i can keep going well, whenever i press it it does nothing! i don't know if it my phone, but i don't like it! but besides that i love this game.
x : this game is far beyond than just a thing on my device.i feel like i could relate to it,every obstacle that we encounter,every problem even if we fail we stand up and face it.this game is the best game of 2016 by far(on mobile) 10/10-sincere phylosophical gamer
newton neil mallick : all new style for android gamers.. just hard to resist playing.. thanks guys.
albany volker : so good, so relaxing and satisfying. addictive game play that looks and sounds amazing
xilconic : graphics are really nice; i like the day and night cycle. game got a bit boring after a while, as it felt too samey.
h. fernando borjas : simple graphics and a fun gameplay along with the soothing tones and sceneries the game offers make this game the best i've played in a while :)
rusith p : great game to just wind back with after a stressful day especially in zen mode.
bella chandler : when i play it doesn't show the trees or the rocks they are invisable to me plz fix this d:
nerdydragon123 mgolden38 : i love the game! got it when it is was game week. description said free coin doubler. lies. just like the cake, its a lie. i checked in game store, cost $3.99. would give another star if 'free' coin doubler was free!
pia t : great concept and execution. love the graphics and music, too. when i feel anxious, i just play this and it relaxes me.
rachit popat : i just installed this game but it keeps on crashing. please help. reading the reviews sounds a pretty interesting game :)
tech-ne-sci-en gyaan : so calm and peaceful, simple yet fun and addicting to play. best game so far this year
thigikna : i adore this game! i almost stayed up all night playing this! also, did you see that this is in the action category? i think that this game does not deserve that category. it should be in the " best game for phones ever " category! also, i have a suggestion for a new game mode. there should be an avalanche mode. i think it explains itself.
arbi parllaku : graphics are amazing, effects are pretty realistic... can't stand a day without playing
zahmyra harris : it has very nice graphics and i love the part where the elderly person chases you .
e. mo316 : game becomes non responsive at times. especially when you're trying to skip a mission.
replay mcgee : very good game but the most of the time of a new match it lags. so its say
home screen words pls fix if you can have a good day
miguel saez : the art, the music, the mechanics, the almost complete absence of bugs makes this game one best there is in mobile platforms.
emmanuel ajagun : this is the most beautiful game on android but i wud have given it 5 stars if u can select the level you wanna play like all other games ever. instead, u get to only play the level ur currently in..plz fix
siti jeffrey : simple game but i love the graphics and i usually just replay to improve my level scores. well-designed if it helps players be self-motivated.
sam 1.2 : i love everything about this game. the graphics are majestic, the music is beautiful. such a simple game has me captivated for hours. i love the way the time of day and the weather change, it means its not always the same. the zen mode is a nice touch and i could spend hours riding the endless mountain. thank you so much.
nadia flint : best game ever! 10/10 i'm going have this game forever. i never really write reviews but this game is so amazing i had to.
duncan atkinson : the sound and music all kinda echo really slowly like the hardware isn't performing the environmental effects or something 5 stars otherwise.
james inman : the new characters you can unlock have interesting abilities. it is really fun using the wings it to try and increase your combo score.
elbereth : calming and exciting at the same time. lovely music. unique characters. and the art style? i could just take screenshots all day.
greg poe : i have probably logged over 15 hours on this game. everything about it is perfect. the music, the graphics, the replay value. it's so simple, but it's done well
kendra waier : good game and time passer but there should be a button that flips you forward.
kusanagi : the art in this game is brilliant however i feel it lacks storyline i suggest making an rpg style game with this type of art
molly smith : beautiful game. very simple to pick up & play but the challenges keep you coming back for more.
numero uno : it needs more improvements like a flip button for front and back so that we can flip either way. and pls add more features for this game.
sophie wu : a fun game with a good soundtrack, though sometimes there's a bug where something covers the whole screen for a second.
jazmin durand : this game is so beautiful. the zen mode is my favourite thing so far. so relaxing
arthur chan : there's a bug where after long periods of game play the game won't let me jump. all other buttons work such as the pause button but it won't register any taps for jumps (noticed it after purchasing the wing suit)
a google user : brilliant game, if only the zen mode could be configured not to have any obstacles such as rocks and pits so you can just focus on relaxing.
appledash the dragon horse : such a amazing game. such a good game. a very good time killer too. very calm and relaxing too. i will recommend this to my friends too.
hayden bitmead : wow. a perfect balance of arcade feel and smooth skiing perfection. beautiful scenery, characters, sounds and a minimal and lovable story. i salute you guys.
esther tauscher : with the zen mode it reached a new level but it would be nice to fix the problem to keep the photos you shot in the photo mode (it's not possible to keep every single photo there are "updated" every time you shoot a new one)
ankitha nagaraj : i love the graphics and the details. it's so beautifully designed! it's minimalistic and captivating. this is my most favourite game so far
siddhant abhijit : this game is probably the best game i have ever played. the graphics are great, and the game itself is really fun. perfect for all ages, this game is amazing. great stress reliever too. love it!
stephen citynskyj : i am old enough to have played a game very like this on an apple ii back in about 1982. nice game but the first thing you need to buy costs over 3, at which point i uninstalled the game.
harvinder singh : completed all the levels .... but yet don't know what to do in the zen mode when there is nothing to gain or loss. no coins, no mission, why should one run limitlessly without earing a single coin.
shafiq zulkifli : no doubt i enjoyed it so much.so relaxing. the background view is really fantastic. hope can add more levels in the future
crunchii : it's so fun and relaxing. very addicting as well. could play this for hours on end
e l : absolutely one of the most beautifully made games i have ever played. the game design, art style, and music are so on point. characters are awesome, but i just wish there was more character development. or a storyline to make it more interesting.
too tall's hammer time : very relaxing as well as challenging. one of the few games i've beaten but still enjoy playing. it would be nice to see a few more challenges though.
stephen carroll-keene : went to sign into the game and it did not save my actual level and progress made through the google sign-in. loved the game, but definitely won't be going through the hassle of putting in all of that work all over again.
ebbie paliz : it started to lag and continued on for the last few weeks. please fix. will rate higher when fixed.
taylor roan : my favorite game recently on android. surprisingly fun, challenging, not frustrating, chill, beautiful, with an amazing sound board. the thunder feels so real, i always look up to see if it just started raining.... love it! and i don't give give stars easily!
sammy wang : perfectly balanced, not too easy and not too hard. gameplay is simple and fun without becoming addictive. cool visuals and relaxing music.
rajesh paliwal : can't stop playing..simple,elegant,easy to play and with awesome music
scott dunlop : great game, but the latest update starts to glitch and lag badly after a couple rounds, it really affects the gameplay
matt weis : highly addictive and loads of fun. love the new characters available for unlock, and the fact the game is free is a big plus. beautifully done.
rick van mook : beautiful art and challenging, easy to pick up, gameplay. after a while it's easy to get in the zone and just keep on playing.
vibhas .g : quite simple and easy controls , beautiful sounds and background , and be sure to checkout zen mode it is quite awesome, i really recommend you to download this app
mohammed shoaib : hats off to this game.i just love this game.i will advise my friends to download this game.and i m also going to post some of the best screenshots of this game.if u want to thank me,just keep making this type of games.love it.
sarbojit mandal : this game is the best platformer game i hve ever played this game is just hving great graphics and just a tiny bit of lag otherwise this the best platformer and this is a next-gen game very good job done by the devs awesome!!!!
haziq : on endless mode (with a headphone of course ) is so relaxing . it's like i'm playing journey but on my mobile . recommeded for a relaxing gameplay . it'sjust you and the mountain .
ahmed nasir : but it definitely has room for improvements e.g we should be able to play as long as we have coins why we are bound to revive alto only two times im not ok with this.
mirza khalid : great game great graphics great gameplay what else can i say...wish other games were like this...good job devs keep up the good work
andrea madraresna : addictive and enjoyable. cant stop playing it. good improvement, can't wait for the better additional levels and characters.
theodore sopher : this is the best android game i've played. incredible design and style. fluid motion, fun and challenging game, and achievements and levels.
janaka poddalgoda : love your concept. one of the best games i've ever played. the zen mode is really helping to stream off.
gokay : the new zen mode is amazing. the new song is very relaxing and the photo mode is great for phone wallpapers. you've done an amazing job.
luke louca : amazing game, keeps interest alive with new goals, upgrades and characters. awesome music and picture. one of the best games i have downloaded and the only one i have not uninstalled!
austin myers : this game is the best yet. i never get tired of any part of it, very addicting. fo sho
tahmid ahmed : oh the graphics are amazing! the new zen mode is the most i use while listen to music. though, you people should increase the coins found in one run. then i will say that this is the best game everyone should play to pass their time if you creators of this game increase the coins and the levels till new character. that's all hoping this in the next update.
christopher swan : i love this game! they've fixed the error with the lumo green rocks, and now it's just perfect, it's so relaxing to play, i use it to calm me down.
mikael bonnevie : i'd pay just too look at the graphics. and they nailed the advertisement placement in this game. like everything.
w paap : a nice game to play on the train. looks nice but nothing special. does not synch your achievements across devices.
ordinary weirdo : it said i can get the coin doubler for free for game fest but it didn't work.
a google user : i have always wanted to collect lama's and ski and today my dream came true.
filip ricov : such a relaxing gameplay, beautiful yet simple graphics, even the music and sound effects are relaxing and soft. couldn't like it more.
shon thomas : if you love snowboarding, skateboarding, or games that flow smoothly, then alto is the right choice for you. absolutely stunning graphics, fast and fluid gameplay, a nice sound score, and addictive challenges keeps me on this game literally whenever i get the chance to as in 90% of my day. i haven't played anything this good in a long while. i hope they make an alto 2 and if they charged $5 for it.............shut up and take my money, lol! but seriously, it is that good!
jerome polk : everything is lovely and warm. it makes me feel at home or like i just got out a warm bath in a log cabin.
a google user : after the zen mode update, this game has been my "go to" game for some relaxing. it's just so peaceful and fluid. it just feels right. the soundtrack is lovely and playing with headphones is amazing.
a google user : the sound effects and music are way too good. a pleasant game to play. not very addictive. one of those games that i don't want to uninstall. great job guys.
cristian del c. : it's amazing. one of the best mobile games i've played. great graphics amazing music. just amazing. highly recommend if you're having a rough day and just wanna relax.
odion tobi : i'm totally loving it, the game helps me relax and meditate, i had to keep my screen on and my earphone plugged into my ears all night for it. thumbs up, this is a job well done.
mohammad nashit siddiqui : this has to be surprisingly the most simplistic yet the most stunning app there is.. great visuals, perfect soundtracks, i don't feel like competing or getting a highscore, i just enjoy the whole thing
khurram habib : lovely and an addictive game but the play again (watch an ad option) and get more coins option is very buggy and doesn't usually respond, specially after the latest update. please fix it. a highly recommendable game.
elinor : i fist saw this game in the verizon store and i had nothing else to so i played on the huge i pad and then i was playing over and over then the storm it's really fun and all but you can barley play with the storm it startles you and it's kinda hard because it's dark and you can't see rocks so you die 247
krishan pal : it's a nice game and what i loved about it is it's background sceneries.
ed wrkin60hrs : very easy to learn,yet pretty hard to master the different characters jumping/spinning speeds. great graphics & physics.
danger dave : by far the best game i have ever played on my phone. the graphics are superb. the music is calming and the goals are dynamic. 5 stars. thank you for making this.
vivek mangipudi : an absolute delight to play, wish there were special tools like helmets and missile launchers ( for izel) to buy from workshop! it would make it all the more fun to play
agent skully : user found that the stats and settings sections of the menu have no content. the navbar and background display as normal. it appears the content is still present as the user tapped empty space in settings and a popup referring to starting the tutorial again appeared. samsung galaxy tab 4 7inch (android 4.4.2)
ratul maitra : i'm at a loss of words. awesome game play, brilliant scenes, and that calm, serene music. makes me wanna play it again and again. a worthy 5 star
yu wong : best game i've ever played! but it won't save any data that i will lose my game process if i clear data on my phone.
jason edgar : love the game but can't understand why they need to be granted so many permissions to my phone.
rahdi hossain raahi : this game takes itself to a new level at the very first place. i was engaged into this right when i started playing it. the music is so wonderful! the same goes with the graphics as well. all in all, this one is certainly one of the best games i have played till date.
paramjot singh : just 1 trick back flip not enough, just 1 track not enough, just 5 rider not enough, who says that this is game of the year. this game is awesome but just for 1 or 2 week and then u will uninstall it.
harrison butler : probably the best game i have ever ever played it was so good i loved it especially when you try and go for a triple back flip and it pulls off.
zali hms : wow! nice update. i really love it. i hope to see great things from you guys. nice music and a suggestion for you, add some natural and lively effect to make it more alive. add more great stuff into it.
aravindh c. : beautiful and cute graphics. also like the "no game over" zen mode where you can just play to unwind
habib ansari : the app is good, very nice game but there are some glitches in the game.
hairpinspecialist 36 : i like all about this game but what if i can put my own fav song inside this game....im just asking
j camp : best mobile game experience i've ever had. rewards you with more characters and levels when you reach goals. doesn't distract you with ads everywhere. beautiful and immersive.
loki san hitleson : great addictive game but the sound is annoying. i think sound is cracking in my mobile model (not yet tested in another mobile). anyway i'm using lenovo zuk z1, please fix the sound issue.
valerie lee : screen flickers sometimes when i pick up the llama horn. still a great game.
sumukh aithal : this game is simply superb. from graphics to gameplay, from there to the flow. zen mode is simply soul satisfying.
joe baker : really fun game. looks great on a big screen. would gladly pay 1 to support the developers, but won't pay 3.31 for a magic scarf.
princess cadence : cannot buy in app purchases. pressed the button. continuously nothing happens. one star permanently.
julia : i've been playing for a long while, one task away from finishing campaign mode and it keeps me coming back all the time. pretty, responsive and a good balance between micro transactions and gameplay.
usuhe maston : as you can tell from my title this is a really good game. a simple concept, you'll be easily hooked into it. nice music and a cute art style you would never be bored again.
que haidah : but somehow sometimes it got hang and don't respond but overall i loved the game
tiara lowery : this app was great, but now every time i connect to google play services, it just crashes
sanath kukkillaya : after reinstalling the app, even if i sign in to my account, i am not able to get my unlocked characters and progress. the google play achievements shows that i have unlocked them. however they are not available in game. i don't want to go and unlock them again
talha siddiqui : share and save option has same icon which is of "share" and both options are not working. no options found further on selecting share option
karan kashyap : it's just ok. not as good as people were saying it is
francesca s. : very addicting game. lot of fun for me and my kid!wonderful landscapes and funny ppl
fahim khan : 1 word to describe this:amazing, possibly the best game on your phone. this game is so good, this is the only game i bothered to write a review about it. that's how good this is. never deleting this. i have waited for this kind of game since '94.
joe smith : fantastic, artistic and addicting. most importantly in-app purchases are not rammed down your throat and no ads to worry about!
alexander kostakos : great game, i wish i could turn the rocks off in zen mode. it would be soooo relaxing without the rocks
steve edmund : just installed and played for about 5 minutes. awesome so far. *update* still loving it but i very much dislike the night mode. can't see anything
khalil abdul-hakeem : despite a few hiccups with wrongfully crashing while on my feet; this game is a great time killer.
mary shuk : but a little bit buggy after the last update.
vladimir dragovic : mobile games rarely grab my attention, but i'm so glad this one did! zen mode is one of the most beautiful gaming experiences i've had in a long, long time! devs, thank you so much, you've made something truly special. :)
jay 90 : please don't be a sheep consumer...this game is a near exact clone of a game called ski safari that has been around for a long time...it doesn't matter what this game is anymore,because this is a lack of innovation from the developer.it doesnt deserve your support.
dann : for me a lot of games come and go on my phone but this game has stayed installed in my phone for the longest time. the game is beautiful and its a delight to play.
uddhav jindal : its one of my best game. ever since i played this game i became addicted to it.
demonic ape : it's so calming and relaxing. excellent graphics. zen mode is such an amazing experiece, absolutely beautiful. i want to live there. music is amazing. download this app. i would rate it 10/5 if i could.
baelin : this is a simple endless run/ski simulator but a notch above anything i've experienced so far. the music, the graphics--everything about this game is brimming with class and elegance. i highly recommend giving it a go.
jordan lyseng : it needs more gameplay elements. the challenges are all the same, the courses are all randomly generated but still the same. you jump, back flip, and grind. also, why is it raining in the snow covered mountains?
ryan lee : i don't think i can find anything wrong with this game. good graphics beautiful art style, cool game mechanics , just beautiful.
kaustubh singh : the zen mode is absolutely what every music lover would want in such a beautiful game. probably th best easy and light game!
abhirup banerjee : a simple premise with a beautiful ui and a smooth performing game rolled together to deliver a great app.
parth rawat : it's a nice game and good graphics but screen dims out/times out after couple seconds. if a game is on then it should block the phone screen time out setting/session.
a google user : a beautiful alternative to ski safari. glad to see this game is free on android. it's worth every penny of the $4 it costs on ios.
ryan r : great game but it would help many people if you add grammar lessons. why you might ask? just look at the comments.
ruby rebecca : it says "failure to initialise, not compatible with your hardware"
madiemoo sonk : i absolutely love this game. it runs so smooth and it has beautiful graphics. not to mention the music in the background is amazing.
matt h : it's basically a 2d version of temple run. nothing to write home about unless you're easily entertained.
youssef sammour : best game i've played on an android by far! great graphics, music and game play. pure quality. can't get enough of soaring as the sun rises. way too addictive.
a google user : lean back and relax! this game isn't easy though! i love this game so much! it's so different from most games,and the animation is really good.
erez szpakier : one of the best mobile games i've encountered, challenging and visually awesome.
a google user : the characters are unique and the sound track is addicting. tupa, is the coolest elder ever created. keep up the good work guys!!
jnrsteel squad : this game is very fun, relaxing and calm. i like it very much. i also think the music is a very important part of making this game great to, and you guys nailed it. thank you
rakin wahed : just that perfect game we look forward to.
zeena whayeb : this is one of the most gorgeous games i have ever seen. it's an addicting and briliant game that everyone must have!!
james pires : basically stopped playing once i've got to unlocked the llama. tooo addictive.
tobias oscar : this game had the chance to be great, but ending a game with the first trip on a rock is outrageous and enraging. and i don't just suck (i may, but that's not the point). try ski safari (i or ii) and you will see my point. the "zen" mode is no solution, as there is literally no point(s).
everette kyles : you can turn off the game mode, go into zen mode and enjoy the music and graphics while learning how to play with 0 frustration!
hellen lobanov : this game has such beautiful music it's so relaxing i really like the gameplay as well
hester smith : but a few bugs do spoil gameplay occasionally.. screen flicking makes you crash. sometimes music doesn't work. and so called #gamefest coin doubler doesn't work either. but i love the music.. love the challenges, no matter how frustrating they can be!
sunshine rumble : it cane be stressful. but fun as well doing backflips and cool tricks .
mihaela buzgan : the music and art with the day span with rain and thunderstorm is very calming. thank you :)
a google user : so beautiful. the setting as a whole-audio and visual, are perfect. i'm in love. i recommend the zen mode: it really does give you a sense of peace, relaxation, and pure calm joy.
hitesh bhengra : a very calming game to play. but after the zen mode update my character does not jump when screen is touched. please fix it soon....
mariano gonzalez : this game is amazing. the music, the setting, even the characters are addictively unique. i don't usually rate, but this might be one of the best mobile games i've ever played.
fahriza alhafies : great graphic, good concept. this game is full of awesomeness! keep it up. you doing great job!
mario zamora : great game for some spare time or waiting. put on some earbuds and enjoy the great music and animations. perfect no complains about it. hope to see more updates and see where the game is taken!
paul matousek : i love this game but what it really really really badly extremely needs is different skins and boards but guys i highly suggest this game
caleb burke : the game keeps pausing itself and it is extremely annoying, i may have to uninstall
christy k : graphics are beautiful, but not enough to distract you from the fact that the game is just a rehash of ski safari.
dani chevere : zen mode is probably the most fun i've had in a long time, gg noodlecake, gg
rajan nagar : i was amazed to play in zen mode! felt like no was there to see or stop me once i fall! pretty god job team.
katy may hayes-smith : my objection is that it came up under a search for relaxing games. this is not relaxing, it's infuriating! the game is good but not what i was looking.
cave : more weather like snowstorms and mists would be nice. just a suggestion.
zaquira cartagena : i downloaded this six times and it still says that it had stopped. i've played this game other person's tablet and it's fun but somehow it doesn't work on mine, please and then i'll put five.
joseph melton : great game. i'm not even a gamer, but i can't put it down.
stephanie ko : the visuals are absolutely stunning, and the game is quite fun too. the annoying thing about this game is that the scenery is in the foreground and background, and it gets confusing because it changes perspective and gets in the way of viewing your character. solid graphics though
chris johnson : i download about 2ish games a week and i dont stick around with them for long but this game is wonderful keep it up noodlecake.
dan gregory : while the night graphics look great they make the game very difficult to play in real daylight
bryen graver : absolutely love the design of this game. so light and atmospheric. the game plays simple and fun, but it's replayability lies in the adventure the graphics and sound brings you through.
mr wahlrab : my girlfriend introduced me to it and she's a gamer and i love her!
blackviking : you will never ever find these graphics and such excellent gameplay in any other games. it's a brilliant game. definitely recommend this game.
iddin shah : love this game so much i even spent money on it but it drains my xperia z5c battery way way too fast and also causes my phone to overheat. please fix these issues!
murali gopinath : great app. looks awesome. really cool design. suggestions: please have a small description as to what exactly the given task of each run is. for example: right now i'm on a run which says that i have to land a proximity back flip. what does that mean?
ian mclerran : i could play this game for hours on end (pretty sure i have to be honest). it's a great escape. simple to controls, but always challenging. love it!
lesedi mailula : it's the best i've ever played in my 13 years of living
thai long vu oan : please add racing mode. skiing alone is so boring :d
manish dewangan : this game is just awesome u need not to spend any money any where
david lopez : beautiful music and minimalist landscape design is relaxing, yet challenging. love the zen mode.
l0ve cacia : this game is so beautiful with such amazing graphics and soothing music when on zen mode. its such a good game to play when passing time by or when u r on edge and just need something to help u calm urself and have fun or become occupied. i love it!!
ethan doerksen : i don't like how many micro transactions in this game now because of it being free on android i bought it on my ipad and loved it but since this one is free thers the "watch this add to continue your run!" and paying to get more coins. i would rather pay money for it in the first place
shiyosama : i play this game when i need to wait for my friends and when my class is still later this afternoon. it's fun and addictive. also, great graphics!
madeline pittman shepard : this is one of my favorite apps of all time and i love the addition of zen mode! that being said, i wish that mode was a bit more customizable. for instance, i would still like to catch llamas because they are cute, and i'd rather do without rocks because they distract me from the beautiful atmosphere. that's just my two cents; everything else about this game is fantastic, a+++
gf yourself : i love it great job devs. running fantastically on my galaxy s7 edge.
lotothegen : it is so cool that you get to do some skiing throughout the game while completing goals.
adam ryalls : very relaxing, i can pass the time away easily with this game. highly recommend it
jordan sommer : you feel fully immersed in the game. it looks surprisingly beautiful and the audio is perfect. if they stay on top of this game, it'll be perfect. i recommend this to a lot of people who just want to relax or have fun.
alex smtih : after a long day zen mode hits the spot plus you can practice without dieing. very addictive
nader : i was skeptical at firsr but the zen mode took my breath away.
kyle hesser : it actually fells like there is a tiny universe inside of my tablet! just wow
samuel kendall : i am sure all the music lovers would appreciate it if you added a soundtrack download. otherwise the game is wonderful and beautiful in every way!
austin n : the art style is gorgeous, the music is serene and relaxing (not to mention fitting), the gameplay is smooth, simple and easy to learn, and the controls are very tight. i cant put this app down, 6/5 would and will play again!
lukas barbier : would like more features, but i still like it very much, i installed it on all my computer's.
cakes smashington : absolutely beautiful game to play. the art work coupled with the music make this such an enjoyable game, especially in zen mode. easy to play and hard to master. and the best feature...no ads!!! not to mention there is no requirement to spend actual money. i'd give it 6 stars if i could.
lola stepp : wonderful casual gameplay and the graphics are simple yet gorgeous. loving the zen mode where you can practice with no distractions and gorgeous music in the background. get it now!
kumar gaurav : this games takes all the pains off my brain..
angel garcia : this game is amazing it drags you into it's world with its awesone music,and it's amazing visuals.i see myself playing zen mode and listening to music for hours on end
a google user : everything is just perfect. i feel game is a bit slow..
sodlock : i love this game. beautiful graphic and bgm. but screenshot overwrites with latest screenshot.
krishna jaguar : very dissapointing! i log in my to google play,my achievements are there,but i cant change my player to ezil! pls fix this
keb spacey : best game i've ever played on android, immersive,enjoyable and always changing and fun.
gina latimer : this game has the best graphics i've seen the music is soothing it make me relaxed
revive dcorpse : wiped my level have to start over no thanks.
colby j : one of the most calming games i've ever played, beautiful visuals and an excellent soundtrack.
e l : sometimes the character can't jump no matter how many times i pressed the screen. i tried pressing the pause button and it works though so i assume the problem is with the jumping thingy?
waqas ali : absolutely beautiful, the music is perfectly calming. glad i came across this
tobias sandoval : altos very addictive an the best visual. i play it all the time. even my kids love it to.
clinton bourke : except best distance sign takes up quite a lot of center screen, very distracting an achievement or goal notification might work better.
jayremie diaz : although can you make the day just day not turning into night. thnks.
patrick naylor : i've been playing this game for awhile now and it is amazing! fantastic music, addictive gameplay. it has got everything. i really suggest this game to anyone.
marissa noelle : i love this game. the mechanics are simple and enjoyable. the art style is gorgeous. i love unlocking new characters. one more to go!!
troy hutchison ii : immediately crashes on launch do not download
sanhory 2.0 : the game is simply awesome.. it's truly one of a kind, the zen mode is amazing... i recommend a third mode on the next update but great job developers this one is a major success.
jeremie yap newk pin : i love this game very addictive. great physics. need to add more tricks and also some customization
rylan klepser : the graphics are amazing, the game concept is sweet, but the soundtrack is on par with the game journey. in other words the soundtrack is majestic.
fox : this game is great, both me and my son enjoy playing so much
steward joey : - hard to see rock in night. so would be much better if you give an option to keep the scene in day only. - no coins on rope.
nikhil vishnoi : please guys do reply, this game i used to love it but now its just so 'not fun'. please tell us are doing something about it?
richard crane : this game is everything a mobile game should be, i highly recommend it to all players of any kind
stephen nordquist : i don't really care for endless runners, but i really liked this one.
m nonya : worst crap ive ever seen. virtually impossible to advance beyond lame tutorial..
leo green : this simple but beautiful game is a great way to spend way too much time in the john.
andrew chandrakumar : this is the most , i would say "dramatic" game i ever played.. the views, the sounds, the music it just helps u feel really different! love you guys <3
gracie hilker : you can run however you feel do quest get trick points or collect all the lamas whatever you do you can't get stuck because you can skip quests so awesome
dr.santosh puppala : it slow downs and sometimes touch didn't work please fix it
bryan tristan : best game ever it's no lie that it's the best ever if had 10 stars to vote then 10 star vote for me
arjun p : it is perfectly made, the scenery, the music, it gives a soothing feel and at the same time it is also exciting to do the stunts. great graphics could not ask for more. a job well done. . loved the zen mode.
katie thompson : loved this game, so peaceful and beautiful and yet so addictive! enjoyed playing though all the levels to unlock the characters, any chance of an update with more levels and things to do?? :)
alex jones : i absolutely love this game. relaxing. difficult enough to keep playing. and the soundtrack is just what i needed. thank you noodlecake!
graham hammond : good game but its the same as ski safari which has been out for ages and is way more fun.
adena : never got bored through all 60 levels bc of the new goals and characters. awesome graphics and amazing gameplay.
troels falkenberg : very nice artstyle but extremely bad level design.
sriharsha k : but,there could be a end like a story however make it then one more star
a google user : the gameplay is simple, but the style and atmosphere are absolutely beautiful. very fun chill game.
jattvaad 86 : i know that this game is good but there is no twist or turn in road
a google user : had this game since it came out still runs very well good game
jonathan williams : somehow.. this game brings back memories of some old classic snowboard games, i use to play and master as a child! thanks so much
meow holmes : really, the best game in the playstore right now: the graphics, the music, everything is so great.
levi visger : amazing game, but the video ads cause the game to crash and restart.
chris king : this game is one of the best looking games i've ever played. i love the clever nuance to it.
thomas gomez : it would be cool if different things start to chase you like a yeti a pack of wolfs maybe even a giant snowball or avalanche but not only that you could put new perks too just some ideas thats all
someguy person : best game i have ever played it's peaceful and it's a great time killer too keep up the great work
maxwell white : simple, artistic, beautiful. these are all words i would use to describe this game, though its more than a game, its a piece of art. its simplicity of the game paired with both the graphics and the sounds make this game a joy to play. its simple enough to just have fun, and beautiful enough to keep you coming back to play more.
kia tsang : this game is amazing! love the graphics and the game mechanics. although the graphics are simple, it still fancy enough for me. the experience is great.
skwaush it : it won't start for me,keeps saying it has shut down.
the eminent jurist : cant hv enought words for this .. its awesome .. excelllent game i hv ever played .. really tooo gud... excellent work team..keep it up
wyatt peterson : this game is so fun you can do backflips and catch runaway llamas.<3
ian : lovely smooth implementation of the google ecosystem. gameplay does not jar at all. well done.
arnav j : it's a brilliant and sublime game like none other i have ever played. to the developers
geoffroy tremblay : but gets repetitive when you gain good skills.
gianni vasquez : in short, this game is very casual, has soothing music, beautiful scenery and game concept, love it. recommended.
rahul rane : the best game ever especially the zen mode (it's relaxing and heart touching) love this game
jason knopps : forced to watch videos every time you crash
nikolay vakulich : too much tutorial messages at the beginning
s m : why is there a tutorial!!!! it makes everything even worse and it's forcing you to do what it wants!!!! i have already played this game on another device and it's soon annoying!! (mostly because i can't beat the tutorial) but it doesn't matter!!! there should be a tutorial button for tutorial, like at the top of the left corner instead of forcing you to play the tutorial!!!
15 _moch raffa firman sandia : this games has a great enviroment and very suitable with the song, and the movement was good but need to be improve to be more smooth
mohammad julfikar : long time i didn't see this kinda graphics in games
vibhansh gupta : this game is simply fantastic . must play , the soundtrack just takes your breath away. the idea of a zen mode is simply fantastic. all in all , one of the best games i have ever played .
dray dwire : it is one of the most calming and exciting games i have ever played! this deserves five stars.
omnicore : paz has nothing good except the boost buff
sai kumar : an age where you look to be entertained without drain on battery, this game is the one to keep with you forever
bruno coutinho : a very well made game. plays similar to ski safari but i like it more somehow. also, the dev team is very fast at fixing bugs!
ahmed medhat : and i can obtain all the characters in the game through reasonable play time.
vikhnesh ajithkumar : this one the coolest game in this genre that has been released lately
ken doherty : beautiful game beautiful music beautiful scenery.. i could play zen mode forever
abhishek tandon : the new zen mode is awesome but sometimes it does not able to cross the cuts in the mountain which is annoying
binny : this is one of the best games i've ever payed.a special thumbs up for the background music,it's just soothing... hoping to recieve more games like this
shakti singh chauhan : music, ambience , controls ...have to say this game is awesome. at first i thought that gameplay is monotonous ...i guess that's how a stress reliever game should be. great effort, guys !
joshua lewis : fun game you can actually play without a million ads popping up. thanks
gourab dutta : grate game but need other moves like front flips
michael read : this game is absolutely stunning! it'll keep you entertained for hours upon hours at a time! must have!
shreyas nair : best mood freshing game ever it refreshes your mind and the zen mode is awesome and the scenery just blows your mind great graphics
starboy : it gives a soothing feel. nice music! new zen mode works well too! good work developers
rafael gomes : an awesome game with an awesome ost. really guys, thank you for that simple beautiful game :)
anmol singh : its an awesome game n m in awe wud its graphics. its simple and exciting. all in all its worth playing game
deniz berk : a well put together game, great graphics and easy game play! well done the creators/ developers of this game!
vincie vince : graphics, and shadings are good but must change the graphics little bit more
ahmad dzikri : this game is amazingly amazing! keep up the good work. my favourite feature of this game is the weather change and the day cycle. i rate it 10/10 ..no doubt
a google user : hands down the most visually stunning game i've ever played! the soundtrack is perfect too! its so relaxing!
jason martin : just as gorgeous and fluid as the ios version, and the f2p elements are unobtrusive.
jimmy pham : great game, very relaxing, helps reduce anxiety and stress.
lif7ed : i am so amazed on how beautifully made this game really is, i love the art and the music so much. it's so easy to play and never fails to make me smile, please keep up the great work and hopefully we'll see some new content soon! xperia x (f5121) on marshmallow 6.0.1 and samsung galaxy tab s2 9.7 on android 5.0.2
akhil kurup : try the zen mode everyone. it'll get the love of anybody. the background piano music is just mind blowingly soft and powerful at the same time. playing it fell like being in love. i hope i experience it soon. the love that this game gives me....wow!
saikrishna raju : nothing more,it's the best game.
drew bales : simply way too much that needs explaining; who's the guy that chases you? why? any way to defeat him? how do you dismount grinding the flags? and i'm sure i'm forgetting a few since i've already uninstalled it.
antonio fenn : this is one of the most interesting and beautiful games that i have seen. i wish more games can be more like this one.
johanna l romero : perfect art and amazing yet simple controls. the music adds to the lovely theme
khadiza barkat : the visuals are fantastic! the concept is simple, easy to play, while also being relaxing and fun to play.
lupe : in level 1 i can not go to the next level because this game is sooo hard!!!!
gage : this game looks so amazing and appealing to the eyes in so many ways! it's so fun and super addicting! i love the new zen mode. keep on doing great and thank you for making such a great game!
josh blue : this game is beyond stunning. if you haven't played this game you should
lola twinkle : it's a lovely game,stylish but cute without being twee..the zen game is lovely...one gripe - can you change the sfx in the zen mode please? the scraping on the hunting and walls is excruciating and ruins the relaxing atmosphere. ...please?i don't want no sfx...and they're fine in the main game...do that and i'll give you 5....
seth _k : this game is by far the best game i played on my device. the sceneries are spectacular, the gameplay is fun, and the music is something else! thanks noodlecake studios for making such a amazing game!
andre walker : this game is so cool i dont even know how to tell it
tree : smooth gameplay, great atmospheric breathteaking beautidul enviroment, very nice relaxing music, special characters to get as you progress, high score system, fail-free & score-free "zen mode" ... and its ad free !!!!!! :) hands down, this game is beautiful ... that doesnt necesarily concern high-end graphics, but the way its atmospheric ... it feels like it takes me out from real world for a second. now i don't take the effort to rate apps, but when i do, i really like the app, and i almost never go for the 5*, but this game deserves 6* ... devs, great job!
niraj sharma : i haven't played such i refreshing game ever. love it
dez square : truly love this game i dont rate games that much but after playing it, i had to. its relaxing addictive. its just an amazing game to waste time on. love this game and keep up the great work! !!
nitin naik : harry and brian crawford ...to mention a few... this game is a "masterpiece" by u guys. mesmerising,scenes, u have to be a "nature lover"and a "musician"to create such a rare blend. loved especially the endless version with sound effects.one suggestion: make music more fast and rapid in the endless version of this game.this definitely is a "neuron stimulator".thanks guys.....
ishaan manhas : awesome game this game is the coolest game i have ever played! i love it's graphics, i love it's music, i love everything of it!
alif hafizi : i really love this game! the new update which include zen mode made me love this game even more! the soundtrack great and it really help me to relax! the challenge provided also great! overall i am satisfied with this game!
anish vyas : one of the best games i've ever played. simply brilliant.
nick morea : so beautiful! the music, the ambience, the environment, the simplicity: alto's adventure is what every game aspires to be, and so much more . . .
ryan p : also second level is so dark can't see rocks.
a google user : am i the wrong here or what, the screenshot showed me that it's wide screen, but my phone didn't want to rotate the game to landscape mode, so i was playing in potrait mode with landscape resolution. ikr, the text is all cramped and stuff, i've turned on the screen rotation on my phone but it just wont work. maybe you could help?
stickley : amazing game it's a must have and ain't to easy i love this game
rishab jaiswal : i dont usually play games on my android device but i fell in love with this one. the music is so serene and player's movement so smooth. the ui and user experience is amazing. yeah, it is beautifully crafted. keep up the great work! :)
alexa marie revelo : the music, the graphics, and the overall gameplay are the reasons why i love this game ;).
matthew neary : love this game! however, it seems like there's an issue when the buttons (for lack of a better word) do not respond unless touched in a specific area, and it's not consistent. i'm referring to, "resume," or, "play again," or, "watch a video," type items. please look into this!! very frustrating.
devang punatar : check out theliteknight on youtube for awesome alto's adventure tips, tricks & gameplays!
theluckyspade tls : i love the graphics i love the music and this game is so challenging. 10/10 - theluckyspade
jordan rose : one of the most beautiful games i've played, so fun and love the peacefulness! amazing!
smita rani : it's visual effects r so nice... but reason for 4 stars is that it becomes quite repetitive after a while....nevertheless m not uninstalling it !!!!!!!
amal joe : beautiful music and sound effects.once you start playing you would feel a lot more peaceful.once it started to rain and thunder,it felt so real that i looked outside to confirm!
chakradhar pethani : all pressure gone, good experience, and especially visuals and music, that took us to dream world
vishal varghese : i don't usually write this. but alto's adventure is just beautiful. perfect minimalistic graphics. smooth controls. and the new zen mode was exactly what i was looking for, ever since i installed it! great music, looking for updates on the music alone. just one request, could you guys add a record option so we can actually go through our gameplay and choose the best scene and take screenshots.
noble valerian : just not holding my attention, but it looks great!
micol chambers : i already know how to play and i can't progress through the tutorial add an option to skip
triss : this game is beautiful, zen and so enjoyable, one of my favorites!
seyma : i love the zen mode! can't say the same for the bunting line noise
michael stark : the graphics in this game are amazing. alto's adventure has simple controls and is fun to play.
carl kimpton : i don't usually like any phone games but this one really has me hooked!
hdh : you know what would be cooler if you can also be the lama.
zach smere : this has to be one of the most aesthetically pleasing games i've ever played.
jonathan hyry : this level of quality in gaming is reserved for console and pc games. bravo, noodlecake. bravo.
your_boy wee_tam : this will go down as one of the best relaxed games on the store
kiwi kian wee ang : good game. more levels please
alon peled : i like the game but after latest update the touch input isn't working after a while thus making the game unplayable!
josh butler : zen mode is so calming and wow. head phones are recommended.
rishabh kumar bhatnagar : i like the landscapes and the game play.. very soothing!
ryan peters : its a beautiful game with good music and nice controls. give this game a try. you wont regret it.
asif sami : playing it for only 2 days...already addicted! the background music's are damn soothing and breathtaking...awesome gameplay, superior graphics! and the zen mode, i can play it for hours..just loving it! <3
sharon chung : great game, very relaxing, and i love the art and background music!
eran azoulay : and the addition of zen mode is exactly what this game needed :) good call, noodlecake team!
krishanthan kumaran : simply fantastic !! with headphone, out of this world. never felt so connected to a mobile game as much as this masterpiece. well done guys !
varun : really liked the recent zen mode...kudos to whoever came up with the idea and the really soothing music!....could we get some such more music options to choose from?
keniel grant : i love the weather and how sunset turns to night time it's amazing and it has a very simple gameplay
arpit jaiswal : the whole experience is enchanting. the graphics and the music is superb!
mr, sniffles : outstanding gameplay amazing graphics i can play this for an eternity and still be enchanted by the looks.
max williams : i love this game.. specially its tranquil background music and the transitions!
jose armando : the gameplay is great, the music is really good, the graphics is great too, and the scenery of the background is really amazing....
malgorzata s : i'm not great with action games but i really love the art
javin rogers : fun game that anyone can play! will give 5 stars if premium, paid, no ad's! version is released.
sushmita sana : the graphics, the sceneries, and the way the day changes.... everything's so amazing. there's only the problem with the triple backflip. anyways loved it.
andrew jay : love the addition of zen mode. takes a game that is fun and addictive and makes it relaxing. and the music for both modes is great. love it.
vineet yadav : amazing soundtrack, the sounds of rain, winds and lightning in the background are so beautiful
dr.itachi : absolutely the best game ever! kudos to the makers of this beautiful and immersive game. cannot be any better. the thunders..the lightning..the rain..the music. awesome!! glad i found this.
ibrahim ahmed hassan : i liked this but you cant see your levels and setting
sophia : fell into chasm and got stuck there a few times.
gray gray : there's a bug when i watch a video to continue,after the vid it won't let me continue it just starts a new game!
nauman ahmad : superb game, great visual effects, smooth gameplay. simply wow
a google user : i really want to play this on my nvidia shield tv set top box. please release it for the shield!
joshua press : make like missions or stuff to buy
aun ally agha : aaaaaamaaqzing game. elegant graphics and perfect objectives. hats off noodlecake studios.
shravan sharma : all the credit goes to the zen mode music composer.really feel relaxed with the music.thank you for the game
a. naredo : please fix.
johnson kee : simple but challenging mechanics, great to pass the time.
nathan fopoussi : super simple. super addicting. super awesome!! if you don't have this game, definitely get it. and if that's not enough, the music is awesome enough to make you cry. (in a good way)
aryan ramnand : this game helped me during tough times...i love it..it feels like im not in a game...thats how it is..keep it up
sponge man : very well done with the graphics, soundtracks, and really smooth playing
walter miller : alto's is one flying game i can enjoy upon hours & hours of fun
saurabh diwate : music is verry calm. one of my all time favourite games.
a o m shamsuddoha : best game ever. undoubtedly. the music, the graphics it's artistic. i loved the zen mode.
kayla wilson : the music is soothing and the way it turns from day to night and snows is very soothing
sam white : great minimalist beautiful style, unique gameplay, very well made :)
eesarali panjwani : this game is incredibly beautiful, especially zen mode, really really love it
angelbird 7 : and sliding down an endless mountain over and over again isn't an adventure...
carlos curiel : this is the best game i have played in a very very long time
sanjana arun : amazing graphics and sound quality. the zen mode just makes it more enjoyable.
luis baez : this is a complete rip off of ski safari
mofasser aber : i love games with great sound engines. and this is one of those few games.
maddie elkmer : i saw this when matthias was playing it and instantly got hooked.
bozidar gligoric : fantastic game,very nice looking,great time killer.
jay vora : great graphics....love the sound of rain and specially the sound of
thunderstorms....use headphones for better results
damir tucca tucakovic : after last update the sound is terrible!!! was everything good until last update
dean hall : ive only andriod phones in my life and so far i havent played a better game that this!
aman singh poras : thank you...
timothy ms chawngthu : love this game. the graphics the different levels and players and nothing much to purchase in this game. try it out.
xandra r : but it's fun and beautiful
khalil hbibi : addicted to it.. in love it... but don't u guys think about addin more super pick ups... more than just a magnet and the feather... think about it...
trevor junquera : sooo gorgeous, so simple. i loved it
satrya jaka : a nice game with beautiful graphic and music, love it!
navin singh : best in category, simple yet challenging, zen mode is cherry on cake
richard shields : a well thought out and developed game. i highly recommend it.
daniel jimenez : fun little game, nice art style and great sound.
valentino rahadityo : good graphic, interesting gameplay. and this guy know the good taste of music. sadly, there's only 1 trick. i'll rate 5/5 if there are more tricks!!!
cj pepper : love the mood to this game. really good quality. all together, really good game good job!
moch. tuflichun alfath : try endless mode, using headphone, backsound is amazing, the sound of rain, sound of thunderstorm.. is awesome..!!!
daryl colley : a great way to chill out.
anne genette aves : i like to play this game. it has a complete and totally fun game.
thio salim : very relaxing game,never bored skiing downhill with these guys
rusen lucian : how cam i move my game data to another phone. i don't want to start again the 30 levels :)?
pravash bhattarai : fantastic game. we expect more games like this from you.
blake roberts : great fun. simple game to pick up for short amounts of time.
michael mac donald : would be nice if there was more you could do though.
rupali tambat : a real fun to play. great work developers.
itsmefaith : this game is amazing! it's almost everything i've wanted in a game! 1. great graphics 2. no advertising 3. amazing music! keep up this amazing work.
carrie milone : this game is so calming and cheerful,and i give it respect
felix liu : overall smooth - some bugs when landing too quickly
patryk szulc : i love idea, great graphics and overall game feelingz :3
4169_sakshi lanjile : everything really makes sense in this game. feels so peaceful while playing!
dinesh yadav : it is for r0.99 on ios and free in android . but i love this game ! i am on level 6 . have any one of you completed all of the levels ?
kirollos magdy : it is a great game , thank you :d
m.yusuf peters : a great thanks to the creators. i must say. this game is really cool. somehow its depressing also yet very awesome. well done ;)
ali zain : unique concept. game load slower very appreciate if make is load faster.
matthieu debeaux : beautiful graphics, great soundtrack and addictive game play with goals just hard enough to make it entertaining!
mohammad doraa : this game is so relaxing it makes me calm even if i am so angry specialy the zen mode
juan knight : who doesn't love to chase down llamas and use a squirrel suit? not me!
waseem khan : nice graphics. this game has a calming effect.
shubham desai : its perfectly the game i like. ek no hai ye game try it guys.
alex morrison : a gorgeous game that's fun and has hours of potential gameplay
ron pierce : i love the graphics and soothing music while playing this game.
ann alex : the most beautiful sound track and a great way to unwind.
brooke : beautiful and serene music. the zen mode is immensely relaxing and just so calm and peaceful.
angelina guerra : i love this game it's amazing the quality is the best. and i love the music. it's a really good game . i think there should be more like this
shadowarcher5 : alto's is one of the best games i've played
admiredemonz_yt : i love this game it is addicting and the music is so peaceful its just really hard to get a lot of coins
edison geul : it is so fun to do flips great graphics
rafe moate : it's one of the most beautiful games i've ever played and its so amusing to play! especially with the cute fluffy llamas!
tejas sreenivas : a super simple game for time pass!!!
natan chorazak : probably the best game ive played on my phone
erik sedd : very calm and relaxing and doesn't lag
xide n : perfect game to pick up and play whenever.
colin chan : great art, great soundtrack, great gameplay! addictive and easy to pick up/put down as you like.
candycurl gaming : "this fame is butiful and i love it its very addictive and zen mode is butiful and calming"
ken : having fun with it, but can't figure out how to get free coin doubler for google play game week...
lee bailey : this game is great. excellent graphics and sound and very addictive
jared adams-richardson : idk how i accidentally changed the language into something from english but cannot figure out how to change it back!!!
andrew james : kind of like tiny wings, so chill :)
cloud shy wolf : this game rocks i love it the music everything, i could play this all day
alex he : very enjoyable whilst challenging to play. i really love the visual and music et al!
sawayze iqbal : must download try it's endless mode with headphpnes...(awesome)
atulas x : bait and switch game for game week.
jeremy eaton : the game is subtle and entertaining. the music is relaxing and game play simple, i could play it for hours!
suleman asghar : this game is very relaxing and the gameplay is very simple. good for time passing.
irfan rashid : beautiful game. nice graphics and nice music! highly recommend.
landon carrier : great peaceful way to unwind or kill some time
ashraf zaman : absolutely loved the game, especially the zen mode!
mnm 4ever : great graphics a great time passer and wonderful job
mubarak ali : this game becomes very close to my heart!!
undeveloped polaroids : i'm a sucker for pretty indie games, this was perfect
rj rentie : it has great, clear graphics and the music is soothing. this is an awesome, addicting time killer!
avinash sarswat : awesome game. wonderful graphics, music, addictive. loved it
luis valencia : only ine problem i have is when i want to watch the replay,it starts the whole game over again,is it supposed to do that? or does it not have this featre yet
jaden bookhart : i love the game because it is relaxed game and the music is beautiful
jocelyn currie : the game has stunning graphics, amazing sound, and its addictive
delhi ganesh : i love the very much since the music and game design was in such a way that it is not bored me
muhammad abdullah : the game keep crashing since i downloaded it
tony kim : i play this way too much
joshua brown : one of my favorite games out! even better now with cloud save
sameer gupta : the music in zen mode is so good!
daniel zubeldia : this is the best game i've played on my phone!
hemant mogia : i like graphics used in the game and mostly the soundtrack in the zen mode
ebel federico : relaxing game, smooth, great graphics, been playing for a year and still on it
kandace cadlo : this game is so fun to just sit down and play!
nicholas o'connell : really fun and atheistic game
tyler sennett : tap feature wouldn't work
kapayu nashookpuk : the melody in the new game mode is perfect
erubus yolk : grate game and zen mode is so relaxing and nice
jesse ekong : it has no problems and the graphics are cool
pawan singh : play this game with high music is feel fantastic
itsme again1256 : the best piano backgroud in zen mode should play
beth dennis : it is such a pretty game and the music is really good
the real robin : this game with headphones is just amazing relaxing and fun
allan ramogo : very simple concept but done beautifully
junsix : this is the best game in the world it is soooooo relaxing and fun
emmanuel okeke : really good game; great graphics and background sound as well as simple controls.
christian hergenroeder : graphics are great, the music is really great, the game play is a challenge and the zen mode is just fun and relaxing...
music boi : if you love being at peace with yourself get this game
tulu dinagde : my little sis is on it like every day and now i know why
the teal shark games : it helps me spend time will im waiting for the bus
shawn kimmerley : it is one kind of art and it is pleasing to look at
khair dine : very great game i like the simplicity of the graphic and especially the music
raman sharma : i lovee this game very much and when the soft music play it touch to heart
a google user : if i had not found this game i would have been evil
rq morocco : it is very fun to play but can you add more boosts
adam rainey : had a good few hours of fun, basic but good
chris middleton : amazing game with simple yet beautiful graphics and great gameplay
sanchit tuli : it's an interesting game. the tu theme of the game is very good.
alec barnes : keep up the good work love the music need more
abdulrhman abduallah elshiekh idres : great game with cool music and gives calming felling to you
sai praveen : o my gosh i ever this game it was very nice to play
steven molina : great game but they should make it multiplayer so u can play with ur friends at the sametime
justin padfield : swipe right to left on the title screen for the endless freestyle mode
rohan jarande : this game easily made in my top 3 best (mobile) games ever list. it could even be at the top. best possible use of ads i have ever seen in my life. hard work went into this game and i appreciate it very very much. beautiful music, beautiful graphics, the zen mode is freaking amazing. i love this game.......
william s : does anyone know how i get my coin pack for free i downloaded it from google special
sajith thalasseriparambil : the music keeps replaying please add more songs to zen mode
pak macedo : highly recommend to everyone who wants to pass some time
daniel pelev : simple, relaxing and really fun!
jackie m : great app. the music is calm too.
tyler russell : this is one of my favourite games on my phone! i love the scenery, the lighting, the graphics... stop giving this game hate!
m lykins : this game has a lot of action for all ages which makes it veeeeerrrry interesting!!
alexia dica : good graphics, no lag, time killer, and overall a great game!
indiana bonez : this is a great, fun and time killer game. love it!
mateo echauri : immersive,beautiful scenery, simple and smooth gameplay and amazing soundtrack
frog boy : great graphics and an addicting gameplay that can keep you playing for hours!
andrew booth : super fun, addicting, and great game all around.
clayton lawless : by far the best mobile game i have played, soothing soundtrack & beautiful graphics.
tamila rankin : you need to get this game has good graphics people
a google user : really well made game. very artistic.
aman abdullah : beautiful game .my fav
amulya goel : too much involving game... simple yet challenging
surya prakash : the music was really cool. loved it !
jothis radhakrishnan : wow....... woah.......and wow....... one of the best games that you can get out there on playstore....... really you should check this out,its that awesome good graphics...... weather change in such a simple game....... and the best part is the music..... soothing relaxing and something more...... congrats noodlecake.... expecting much more games like this
fidel fabian dalisay : love the game overall, but the night? its bad for the eyes. nway, very good casual game!
spulonski : skiing down the mountain side with an elder chasing you is a clever twist on fun
azra rofa : i love it. so relaxing. the relief and scenery is so beautiful. awesome! 5 star
stefan paunovic : google play games integration fixed after the update... love the game
sai charan : i want my progress to be restored. i want to play again from 15th level
maija heino : a very beautiful, fun and relaxing game.
anees sayed : i m loving it, 5 stars for you people.
manish sai krishna : the zen mode in this game is very relaxing. why can't there be more games like this?
ben weichert : amazing, beautiful and entertaining! absolutely loved it :d keep up the good work!!!
a google user : got to say the music at zen mode... mesmerizing! good job!
daniel reid : nice for the first hour then pointless after hardly anything to unlock and levelling up does nothing and no way to stop the elders from knocking you off for snowboard
the undertaker from death valley : its amazing! its emotionally well crafted game play ! music is so good !! hats off for the makers!!
andy harris : great game that keeps you wanting to progress.
ali aboelsoud : the new zen mode made a great game even better :)
richard whitaker : really good game.so simple yet brilliantly done.
stephen wiltshire : no way of quitting game, had to restart phone.
ben jolley : what's not to like??? i'll give it a solid four stars. good stuff guys. :) my app of the week .. helping me relax apart from paz who needs to cut down on the pies!! ;)
micoh eliezer valenzuela : it's more than a game. meditation supported.
bryan ruiz : great design, clean, comfortable, fun, amazing graphics. congratulations guys!
morgan : its so fun it feels like you're in (well to me)
kdot : honestly the game looks beautiful, the gui looks really good and the gameplay is fun!
azizprast aji : beautiful music, simple but good design and so addicted
aidan pina : love the game high quality graphics and i love the music
chaca edgar : fun and addicting game but it needs more scenery and jumps
mudasar hussain : really good game very addictive and well made
isabella lauren : its so calming and fun at the same time
carmen ortiz : it is so good for utube vids and its peaceful
its jagan : it should have upgrades then game amazing as it is but it will be cool if they have upgrades
animikh chakrabarty : minimalistic, beautiful, relaxing, happy go lucky
owen bh nie : there are so much good places .and fun to play
mauricio calheiro : great visuals and music, but not much to do.
azariah kennedy : so beautiful. greatest game i've ever played
noor ul hasnain bokhari syed : an amazing, beautifully thought out game.
noor jr : the most simple game yet beautiful ,fun and incredibly relaxing ,, i love every thing about it .
stanley arthur : all around super fun adventure. wife even loves it.
claude kingery : love the look and music. very relaxed game
bikram debnath : there's nothing about any adventure....same graphics ... it's like restarting game in every 5 sec
nico wenis : must buy!! :-) it is fun and challenging, but also extremely calming, therapeutic, and peaceful.
miguel salazar : it's a really challenging, detailed and beautiful game
simonglam tan : its more a mind relaxer, feels great.the music, the graphics. way kool, cheers guys!!!
ilo owens : it cool and no lag in it so good.
storm fly 100 : this game is mind blowing. it's a must have this summer. you'll never regret downloading it
jack mallon : hands down the most beautiful game i have ever played on a handheld device
chetan kalyan : the new zen mode is my wind down routine for the day
rob docherty : the whole game oozes style and is just fun and simple to play
january : i love the music in the background and also the art style is wonderfull
maddy :x : so serene and beautiful!
juan manuel arboleda : it's a wonderful game. full of everything. i just love it.
jayel : music is awesome. snow set is awesome.
gujarat santana : amazing games, i really like on the zend mode. thanks for.the hard work!
imran hossain : awesome graphics, outstanding music.
lui catague : great graphics, very addictive, and great for passing time :)
jorge rodriguez : i don't have the helmet or pickaxe in the workshop is something wrong? is the update not out for android yet? please reply
abdul qayyum : i don't know why..went i play it,i can't stop...good job man..
alex dykens : not to bad. really good app
chris wallace : this game has great graphics. pretty good game.
bishop thomas : best game to play when you want to relax. very addictive.
shah usamah : beautiful, love every bit of it.
shelby stolzenburg : everything about this game is beautiful i love the amazing graphics and the music makes the game so relaxing i would totally suggest this game to any body wanting something relaxing
eugene motilal : maybe 3hits better
vivek nair : good to play,very addictive,simple,reliable,mind relaxing
jerry finney : the graphics is good music too good features :)
mgworld : so fun cool flips and just simple
sanidhya saraswat : its an art to make such games!
devslayer : great game.. very relaxing
freya kershaw : this game is beautiful and zen mode is so relaxing
punks cool : everything is just awesome. graphics,music,weather change... just loved it & this game is really really great . must try !!!
richard bustamante : i wish there was more tricks but best app eva
adnan jamali : pretty decent game....and the missions makes it even better
rondinele fernandes : this game is awsome i loved it, nice graphics and stuff
izany daniel : satisfies.. calming animation and music. loved it
evan de : epic. love the new game idea of zenith mode
habib firdaus : wonderful game, cant waitt for another season :)
marcus make : it's so relaxing to play
joseph goh : great spacial audio, great graphics, not a flaw
rasel ahmed : make it go multiplayer! make it go more viral!
radu arghiros : jokes aside it's a real work of art.
ukasz kurzyniec : i love snowboard, i love this game. so simple, so much fun.
edward reaper : love the zen mode soundtrack. fall asleep while playing on zen.
refat hossain : great graphics.. and the background music is so relaxing.
nd : no point after the first few runs. great concept, but no substance. uninstalled.
marko radisic : zen mode is the best feature, this game is amazing
aditya kumar : the best game i had ever played till date
mukesh pandey : the graphics reminds me of monument valley...
rizky vije : i love this game, it makes me relax and peace
gourab dutta : it's a good game nice really like
rakesh karmakar : really adventures, light weight, good quality graphics
kevin thomas : love every aspect of the game. thanks mucho
debashish acharya : really awesome game....very good graphics and sound
hudson mckinley-uss : i love the consept an grraphics are great
amrit sahu : i loved the music n scene
wu lp : you can enjoy and have a peaceful time
naomi lynch : amazingly amazed about being amazing
v.venkateshwar reddy : really i love the music of this game for it give 5stars
a google user : somehow i think this one is better than odyssey
brynn -stultz- bogert : addicting and fun for everyone u should play
atharva anand : best time past game for young blood
logan walker : i think this game is relaxing and great and very smooth
harpreet singh : very soothing graphics and playing experience
dalton n : easy and fun to play with stunning visuals
fatema mohamed : they did a great job on the graphics
jim bob : a really fun game
jahnavi gupta : one of the best zen games out there
robin parashar : the zen mode is especially amazing
smriti solanki : soothing music rejuvenates your soul.
john c : it is stress relieving and its got good graphics!!!
abd aldalo : very nice and cool l never seen before.
a google user : just a well designed game that knows what fun is.
mirabella blair : it's elegant and interesting. also a good time spender. loved it! :^)
a google user : i suggest a update with new characters!!
suman chaterji : really lovs the art the backgroun the music the weather system everthing is just brilliant sir
brett p : smooth and awesome animation, fun gameplay
cooper barnes : pretty close
craig frost : fun, relaxing and addictive beautiful little game
priyank khandelwal : its a beautiful game.
book parasite : that's all you need to know about this game
sonal kumar arya : this has always been a good thought for a game
anuj mulik : this game is beautiful! loved it!
olivia : for some reason the rocks and magnets and sign and fences aren't showing up please fix!!!!!!!
mykal gurnick : loving this game. my favourite one for ages
alex havala : this is the best kind of relax for me :-)
juvia kim : now the tap to jump isn't working
karun gupta : simple yet addictive game. highly recommended for everyone.
harsh a : good concept,great game,loved it.must download.
mark dufresne : crashed after loading screen.
philip rieck : newly intrusive ad overlays.
a google user : i hope love this .., relaxed to my mind & thought.
abhishek sayan : absolutely love it.
varun malhotra : graphics, music and story
adarsh thapa : good game but i cant buy coins except the double coins.
sujit john : graphics, audio, gameplay... just everything. it's so perfect. great job devs!!!!
lalit jadhav : u shud add more players with abilities
mostafa hassani rad : very good idea for android
yadav aakash : one of the finest game ever
himanshu sisodia : great combination of amazing graphics and calm music
rajesh vithlani : excellent graphic superb game loving it
dylan roberts : love unlocking new characters
a google user : looks good and the rest of the game is awesome
shubham mahapatra : nice game with distinguished graphic and music
arun orton : i like the game so much
dalton sweet : beautiful music fun gameplay and hours of fun
mitchell thomas : good gameplay and beautiful ux
sai srinivas0695 : fantastic music and graphics and good designing
neil sajjad : this game is as like as my dream
neon ninja 14 : could u add local multiplayer
shadow gaming : thank you noodlecake
edgar and bumble : i highly recommend it for everyone
ardy ong : cool i like it also nise animations tho
leo : awesome for playing while getting asleep
henrry jii : u need to try it
alexander oakwood : best game i have played on android
kitmun tui : the graphic & music very nice
manojverma 674 : this game is very addictive.
a google user : i sincerely recommend it.
saad elahi : this is amazing man..please add more like snow fall weathers, upgradations, new places to roam arround...looking forward to this....thank you.
saihaan akbar : it's a calming game, doesn't lag, great music. maybe if we could get more characters more easily, such as every five levels, then that would be faaabulous!!
kassapa bandara : this is the best game i ever play......well don, i love this very much
krrish sharma : music is very peaceful. awsm graphics
amira ridzuan : love it...5 stars for this app
devon graham : a really good app
a google user : never had such fun
angel manson : beautiful visuals, peaceful music, and fun/addictive gameplay! i love it!
altan gurel : awesome feeling easy paced relaxing game.
michael marrone : really need wingsuit meter.
forest jessie : really nice graphic and great music as well.
paul hughes-stainsby : great game to wile away the hours.
rodolph dandan : excellent game, my son and i take turns at it
dread goat : very well made and lots of fun. hey, it's pretty good.
michael ryan : i really like this game but i hate the wingsuit. is there a way to deactivate it without resetting my progress?
zori o : please add more stuff in the gane
nathan cothran : how bout a live wallpaper
aayaksh chadha : pls add new missions asap
naufal muthahhari : wow i never play this game
tristan isham : so much fun and a great way to destress.
zayin shepard : everything from the scenery to the ui is beautiful in this game.
sophia li : this game is so fun! it's really simple and addictive! :)
michael ruiz : this is a very nice game cool ,nice graphics
kim wal : snow boards, llamas, what's not to love?
tuhin karsingha : have been searching for good time passing game. its one of the best.. great game..
shivam lodhi : the game was good and the game was soft touch.
raghad : its so relaxing and simple
jacob slavick : it has nice graphics and lamas.
joyson jadav : i have no words for this.
becky gray : love how simple yet addicting this game is
vkrm : great game to relax
askills 11 : good easy game to play
manav goyal : loved zen mode .....best way to relax ...soothing music and graphics ... hats off ..
iyiola ademola : great rounded game. light weight too
jared ecker : artistic, relaxing, with smooth game play.
alison wright : love this game, very relaxing
stefan sattran-mccuaig : very relaxing, entertaining and cool artwork
hazem ezzeldin : really good camera work
oktavianus kurniadi : your graphic i love , your mode i love , but to slow to have watch video .. later fix it , okay ?
fabio l : this app is wonderful
craig baker : love the art style and music
uday kiran : great graphics n music
paramita hazra : addictive game
cantranice ross : best game in the world
le wei cheng : one of the best game i played
venkat r : smooth game play
mack walker : simple but challenging
rohit kunchikorve : need modification during game
supratim saha : addictive and challenging yet simple
earth arrow : very nice and playable
john doe : the game looks amazing
shruti _ : easy and simple game and very addictive
daniel zhang : the greatest game i ever download
james pilkins : for some reason at the start or anywhere i can't jump plz fix that bug.
summer roberts : maybe have an option to turn on or off the llamas in zen mode? i love hitting the slopes with my little buds
erfan erik : wow it really good graphics & audio good job
a google user : just like other apps. nothing that differentiates it from others.
shane robinson : this is a great game it's very addictive
ramon aguilar : wow....i like it ..it was good how it was at first relaxed and soothing and it would take my stress away..but now that it has the no score and no time just play and listen to the music....no words to say how amazing it is now...thanks...i like it alot
cari carlino : love, love, love, this game!!! thanks noodlecake +
raj babu : boring game 2015
prinxess poppy : i live this game. it's so addictive. nice graphics to.
arijit bardhan : where from the ads popped up???!!! it just pops on my screen and disrupts my game. and also the game screen flickers.
raghuram suri : what an awesome concept!!! the game's got a very simple yet practical layout. the graphics and visuals are one of the best i've seen. the bg music only adds to the brilliance. i'm hooked to the "zen" mode which is a stress buster!! recommend this game to everyone :) :d
stevenson banda : its a lovely coordination. ..true work of art. i love the game.
ace daniel : simple yet awesome, specially, the music, it gives more life to the game. up...
robbie adams : you owe it to yourself to download this game... yes... it's that good
nirali shivhare : really fun game....loved it, hats off to the developers....good game people
a : a piece of art. beautiful game.
xzavier alexander : the game has great graphics, music, and it is really relaxing.......i love this game
helmi wibowo : love the music and great view
notte stellata : thanks so much for developing the zen mode!!!!! i love it!
james sanders : such a great addictiveness.
s a m e e r s.s : i absolutely loved it
thorik w.s : love the graphic, and the theme song
sumon sahu : backdrops and music are really awsm.
john huston : pretty fun and nice scenery.
rahul charote : first time i play this game in my nephew phone and i really enjoy and install to my phone also great.........
joseph lalremruata : the best game i ever played..and i finish all the level...
david crey : ( : i like this game yeah
beta aisa nahi bolte : great graphics, relaxing, smooth, just love it.
sumant kalamkar : nice game, nice graphics
auston duke : fun, simple, and addicting!!
andrew nelson : i can't figure out how the heck to do a "proximity jump"??
ansh : and backgroud is so fantastic!!!!!
overkiller 9000 : its the best game ever over 9000('')
tinywest : its beautiful .... i could play it all day.
shahid ak : classic game that i've ever played
allie hart : love this game. it is purfect.
a google user : best game i've ever played. just smooth.
a google user : breathtaking graphics
utteeya : awesome experience. very adventurous.
louis joshua paliwen : amazing keep up the good work
supreme 11 : level 2 is far you can't even complete the freaking level
donovan stringer : my son loves it.
a google user : original, beautiful, relaxing. good job!
dimitrija popovski : this game is absolutely amazing!
rocket rochar : good game and amazing graphics!
sreehari santhosh : just finished this game .........one of my favourite....
zayden greene : this great is amazing!!
ajith manav : very soothing music in zen mode.....freshens the mind...
un abdul cualquiera : this game is just amazing!!
aby johnson : awesome game...i loved it!!!
roman zavalishin : what means task "land a proximity backflip"?
norma s : couldnt finish that jump on the first level lol
yza kamylle malonzo : sml for the zen modeee
jahkwan edwards : this app is so addictive....it's truly amazing
kimete gashi : it's a really fun game if reading plz download! !!!!
arun alawa : and trippin!
bharathi selvan : absolutely loving the zen mode!!! it's soo relaxing & soothing!!! thanks for the zen mode!!!
dinesh voodi : gen mode is awesome, nice timepass :)
kate howard : love this game lots...
fallen one : lovin' the new update (zen mode)
benjamyn isles gates : it just stays on the opening screen xperia z
a google user : it's not doubling my coins like it should
nova nexus : i love this game!!!! thank youuuuu!!!!
malka susan zachariah : awesome game...nice mood
pushkar : amazing game. really beautiful. :)
zareef kabir : the greatest game ever!!!
lily roberts : love the music!
rallykat : the quality of this game is great!!! i love it! good job!!!
neil andrews : see above
chapiino_o! : great game thank you!!!
trex jr : great game !
oli boots : great game!
christian tian : cant backup save game??please add more level i have max level
mohammed habibullah : cool game..
tyler coles : great game!
jojay omanga : i love this game!
terrel bush : insanely chill and relaxing!
nishesh kumar : alto..n izel.... its my adventure
aries vera : simply brilliant and creative!
paul millidge : fun...calming....challenging
mary bell : i'm in love with the graphics
basketball for life : it's very satisfying
mohamed fais : cool game..
animposter : and relaxing.
lewis wood : stunning in every way.
sanjana gavini : it's good
dipen shah : superb graphics
sherwin denis : the soundtrack, the background......love it all
lynn sadler : wow!!!! i absolutely love this!!!!!
y j : awesome experience<,
faith daka : this game is awesome!!!!!!
avishek das : outstanding... love it.
david jarrett : it's great.
keniah mccloud : boring but entertaining
easton meyer : love this game!!!
kimmy sue : the s***
su chen : fun. nice graphics.
aftab sehgal : shows the beauty of life
irving baruch : upgrade board or speed or boost
sundar vinayak : perfect creation
sanket mohapatra : amazing to play with zen mode
k vig nesh : good graphics and peaceful music
gaurrav arya : smoothy and simply intrested game
amoah osborne : very simple fantastic game
mahir daiyan : i really love it
sergio botelho junior : great beautiful and relaxing game
bambi : just tha best
amanda burrell : it is addictive and fun
darkslayer dunn : i love the game
ideas for life : too much fun
abhishek prasad : among the best on android
s w : so simple and so addictive
a google user : such amazing graphics
appa 0308 : good but very bor
aantriksh nashier : beautiful game and relaxing sound
a google user : its a really good game
o'brian shing'andu : interesting game to play
logan ewert : great way to burn time
sallang marak : the music its inspiring
kopal shah : loved it..great game with great music.. what more to ask for?
yaniris encarnacion : awsome gameplay
abanish ghosh : awesome, ,,, love it,,,!!!!
hong phuc hoang : great game.
ibrahim fayyaz : the best game
arcade design : great game
faysal prodhan : it's good
pubudu chanaka : awsome game..
vanmeeganathan p k : awesome... addictive
markell gilbert : it's lit
nathan brewer : matthias is doing the game for the game fest
ryan n : so mandatory ad viewing is now incorporated into the actual game play. anything for a buck! not worth it!
mahevish fatima : loved it!!
king hafiz : simply the best...
behzad : impressed by the sound effects
daivik yumnam : great game...
jignesh posarekar : addictive
mik svens : this is an exception
luke waite : well that was boring
roudy hambone : really smooth peacful
animal lover : beautiful game and artwork
rana farrukh khaan : awesome time passes
arif mirkar : great graphics
qaisar abbas : great game play
deepak yadav : good for time pass
arslan bashir : loved everything about this game
saibal chakraborty : just intoxicating
incorrectlycorrect : the music is amazing
supavit junsompitsiri : the beautiful one
l.e. simmons : alto is a good game
diego reyes : the best game
parth chavda : a nice one
joey : amazing and fun game
zoe rea : very fun and exciting
nick olson : love the game
gabriel de armas : you know it
ydgs : great and minimalistic game
danesh l : fix the bugs
joel nunez : addictive
mohammad nazim shaikh : very nice game
deborah hearn : art in a game
adrianna hubble : hi my name is jeff
danielius podagelis : zen mode awsom feature
mohamed mansour : very relaxing and fun
andre so : beautiful and relaxing
og menace : relaxing and fun
hrishikesh shinde : great music
olivier laplante : great game
dinyo morency : the graphic is dope
karthik velayuthan : epic snowboarding game
flynn tabor : rippoff of ski safari
matthew roberts : great game
mikhail cicala : absolutely gorgeous
vijay dhingra : smooth and beautiful
joshua evan : beautiful graphics
sayan sen : simply fun
anas sultan : it is cool
neeraj yadav : awesome soundtrack
kamala kannan : beautifully crafted
plump rat : great graphics
paulo ribeiro : so relaxing
daniel martinez : great game
ganesh m : simple and awesome
braedan leigh : great game
wind hsu : fun and beautiful
ajay shastri : well executed
dipu sd : great game
eric juniel : love this game
a p : and fun
waie noor : simply awesome
jeremigh harrell : rly relaxing
austin self : love this game
john torres : cool
michael blamphi : beautiful and entertaining
aaz 58 : good graphics
justen barraza : awesome app
cytal : fun in the sun
baris han yesilnil : no free coin doubler
kamania moar-o'connor : boring
kate clews : addictive
harsh kumar : loved it
josh chen : cool
t v : relaxing
emmanuel joy : addictive
chandru jack : cool
the fool : cool
kashinath : exlent game.graphics
musaddiq ali : is there no way to restore the progress in case if i have re-installed the app after going through a factory reset.
kendrick small : addicting
ankit kothari : clean.
orlando sanchez : i downloaded the game because it was advertised with a promotion that grants you the $3.99 coin doubler upgrade for free. my account did not receive the upgrade and it still shows that i would have to pay to receive it. shady if you ask me.
syennz : this game is just amazing, the art is so beautiful and the soundtrack is awesome. i'm already playing it for quite some time and i really would like to see some new stuff for the characters like upgrade them to be faster and do faster back flips, or some customization like colors and etc... some new tricks too! i think it would be just a final touch for the game. but you're doing a great work so far!
james hyde : i love this game, and i can't thank you enough for the zen mode. however, i do think the night time is slightly too dark. even with my phone screen on full brightness i find it quite difficult to see the terrain.
sean petty : for this type of game, it's the most fun i've had. not my favorite type of game but the best of its kind that i've found.
pradyumn vij : excellent aesthetic and attention to detail from the art style, simple mechanics and variety between characters to make this a fun game to play when killing time on a commute.
sourav deti : no on screen ads, cool visual, pleasant music, gameplay and physics perfect.. a masterpiece..
piyal banerjee : this game is absoloutely and unbeliveably awesome. but it's very sad that the developers are not investing the time and money in the game that it deserves. this could have easily been one of the best mobile games in the world.
emilsonic : i love the simplicity of the game also the graphics and the mood. i never get bored of it. good game.
a google user : if you have anger issues, play zen mode on this game.... it's calming, soothing, beautiful, and the music is just . and another thing, there are no annoying ads and bugs (well there is one when you crash and fall of in a ramp, but that's just hilarious). love it
andrew higgins : the music and sounds stutter an my bluetooth headset. my other games work fine. fun game with sound off.
ryan katwaroo : amazing job with the zen mode. core gameplay was already strong and addictive, but i love that the devs are improving the game even more. the music is spot on btw.
freddy thimmaiah : alto's adventure is one among those very few rare games which undeniably has you appreciating it for the simplicity and the manner in which the game has been made. this new zen update along with the new soundtrack is absolutely brilliant. please include more of such music in future updates, or as much music as possible!
vishal kp : the game is pretty awesome but the new version has issue with connecting to the google play. thumbs up.
a google user : as if it was not already beautiful, the soothing music rising to a soft crescendo while doing back flips while the sun is just rising... gave me goosebumps! zen mode is totally awesome!
mihir deshmukh : this game is simply beautiful to play. superb visuals, graphics and physics. coins-for-the-video concept is amazingly implemented. addicted to this one within a few hours after the installation! keep up the great work devs.
aaron king : this is a super chill game. you can just cruise over the hills or start chaining stunts to get a high score and unlock more boarders.
bunkhya cha : the gameplay, graphics, sound and everything is so damn great. the effects, the music, its very relaxing.
rehanga gamage : wonderful graphics, relaxing gameplay, beautiful music and nice interface. one of the best games i've seen on mobile.
alofa t. : if there is one game that can release your stress and frustrations it is alto's adventure
tom shango : every time you hit the llama horn they throw a rock in the middle of the stampede!! also the final character should be faster and be able to back flip easier...
john burnett : so well designed and beautiful to play.
isabella siegrist : this is perfect. the colors and everything. i can even play my own music while pkaying the game.
homegrown productions sdn bhd : the normal mode is challenging and really fun and with the new update the zen mode is absolutely awesome.. but hopefully it can have a variety of music n zen mode..love the update. tq !!
kevin thomas : there should be more tricks.. it would really pump up the game, as well as more sound tracks
tomas hurrell : love this game. that didn't happen since years. low number of ads. great repeatably. just a beautiful game.
sameel fayyaz : a fun mobile game not full or micro transactions, free on android costs money on ios
bob heckel : just pushed this game one step beyond perfect
faiz iman : genius! hope for more games like this. calming and adventurous at the same time!
zdenek vychodil : i love this game, it has got beautiful graphics, nice soundtrack, minimal microtransactions, i recommend it!
sahil fs : its just beautiful, the type that makes you feel peaceful.
sulthan ibrahim : too addictive ..best game ever i have played.
michael moses : can't wait for the gear vr version.
amit seal ami : thank you. thank you. thank you!
jigar rajpura : the music does it.
unays sheikh : good game but don't really get the point of zen mode
paris murry : its so soothing i even fall asleep sometimes
matthew finn : so good with zen used to be three now its five
jimish shah : the game is good but i am really happy to watch sunset ingame!!
darmawan abdullah : last update, error to save google play
akash dutta : loved the zen mode <3
prakriti tiwari : this is an amazing game. if u like adventure games then this game is for you!!
blake houchens : i love this game. just relax and enjoy when you want.
saurabh singh : this game is not a game it's a smooth experience with class
danish javed : the graphics and minimalism are just awesome
the last of her kind : the zen mode and the peaceful flow of the mountains
hidayat khan : a perfect game with great graphics
dinesh loganathan : the game has simple controls, graphics are great, live background, soothing music. what more does one want? a must try game.
health tips : awesome game i love this game agood time pass
clem moore : there are no words. just breathtaking.
greg lauver : beautiful game with an enchanting soundtrack.
martin gordon : fantastically visual game. great fun.
ramiz arieff : most relaxing game i have played
bassam ma : one of the games i really love
will towers : favorite game i've played on my phone
tamo biswas : its just awesome
alif andriyanto achmad : fun cute game with tons of missions.
dio ng : nice graphics and simple way for playing.
a google user : from the graphics and music..now zen mode.. perfection..deserves a higher score!!
ao arashi : amazing graphics, good sounds
ryan nicholas : really enjoy this game.
sagar smith : amazing game with amazing graphics ..
xxmlgthe masterboyxx : and can you add more tricks than bacflips?
michael jugan : is nice. and is good
suresh kumar : pls update the scate board also
mwaba mwandwe : it is lovely!!!!
craig bryce : too much fun.
mohamed mubarak : love to play ...
a google user : great game.
arjun prasath : pleasant to the eyes....
deepesh kapadia : enjoy playing this game
hunter bowles : seductively serene
anirban chakraborty : now how do i put 10 stars for this game?
denis deniska39 : cool
arefin islam sourav : addictive
dhaval thakar : loving it
aaron tadioan : cool
massimo panella : i love this game, its beautiful and realistic sounds are very nice to listen too while playing. playing the game is okay, while there are some minute glitches, overall this game is pretty good. i wish there were more updates and more characters to unlock, or at least personalization effects you can add. i also wish you could play survival where you sled ahead of an avalanche. or some kind of multi-player where you can connect devices through bluetooth or wifi.
eliza lmb : lovely graphics, simple and very enjoyable gameplay. there are no interrupting ads. there are some levels of challenges which keep the game interesting. this is probably one of the best and certainly one of my favourite games. i only wish they would make more levels because i finished them all and now i just have to beat my own high score (which is still fun enough).
robert bangcoro : this game features a diverse environment which caters an immersive gameplay. it may be perceived as confusing at first but it is guaranteed that users will enjoy. skiing down the mountain has never been this fun and as i catch llamas, backflip on steep slopes, grind the bunting, slide on ice patches, escape the elders, and unlock more characters, alto's adventure proves that it is indeed one awesome game.
alex lara : don't download this game it very addictive. and most likely associated with the canadian devil. he trying to take over the world l. and if you fall in his sin you be helping him destroy your planet. my nephew rumen his life. he used to get green every but a now he could only get yellow
samuel james : this is a very nice game. i love the art style and once you get the hang of it the challenges do become challenging. my only criticism is that the icon for the app doesn't make sense if he was doing a flip and going in that direction then he should be facing the other way.
peter jangula : this game is like other infinite runners, but with better graphics, nice music, and beautiful backgrounds. the only compliant i have, is with the "backflipping" mechanic. about 50 of the time i go for a backflip, it works. the other half of the time, my character freezes upsidedown in mid air, unable to rotate any further. this is obviously an issue for me, because i can't complete some of the objectives without flipping.
abhinav raj : it is a beautiful game and i simply loved it. recommended it to my friends too. but after the recent update, the video feature doesn't work and accomplishing tasks are pretty difficult. once the video played and it brought me out of a chasm only to make me trip on the edge of it. didn't have any issues before the update. please fix it at the earliest.
jay tadeo : the bug is when i want to close other apps using home button while im in-game the game does not recognise the tap in the screen so that i cant jump anymore even backflip. this must be fixed soon, if the bug is fixed i'll rate this as 5 star. :)
joseph merola : this game is the quintessential side scrolling arcade time waster. the graphics are great, an ever changing background & landscape, good music, you don't need to spend money to have fun, and zero glitches. one game i'll never uninstall and always go back to.
tom davey : this game is wonderful, but it has the most horrible advertising system built into it. please, let me pay you for the game and remove the advertising. a simple three lives system would be great or a reduction in the cost for a new life would make this game perfect. it's unplayable in its present form.
david marr : i'm at level 32, i've completed 2 of the tasks but the third one "wingsuit for 200 meters in one run" is not recognizing the distance. i have activated the wingsuit multiple times and gone well over 200m while it is active and it has yet to cross it out or say i have completed the challenge. please fix, refuse to skip and challenges.
dave mcnicol : update-you fixed the ads, but now with the update i'm back at level 1, i was at level 50, and your game doesn't recognise me tapping the screen to jump (recognises it to pause/resume though). so overall you've really messed up on this update and i will be uninstalling it and telling everyone not to bother with it, as just as you're getting somewhere you delete users progress. useless.
brent naidoo : excellent & really addictive but there's a reason why i stopped at just 4 stars. the weather change in the background is a good idea but i can't see anything in the night & rain season. please fix this by either adding an illumination to the snowboarder or brightening the night season. fix that & this game is definitely 5 star material
paul dye : this game is extremely unique to its genre with smooth graphics and zenful music. the game is full of little details like time lapse and weather changes which create a more engaging experience. additional modes of game play would boost this to five stars. after completing all 50 challenges ive realized there's absolutely no point in collecting carribu. now 3 stars.
ella broughton : ending the game after only 6 levels is kind of boring. an idea could be that you add more levels and that when you complete one you get another elder, but every elder has a different color like the elders you see when they chase you. and with every new color there could be a specific power that the elder could have. for example a red elder could have the coin magnet as his power. and so on,but the only way you can activate the power is if you reach a specific amount of trick points.
nicholas rider : i would give this a 5 star, but i've been having problems with the "revive" actions. i try to watch a video to get a revive and nothing happens, then i try to pay 1,500 coins and then i have to sit through the video that i couldn't previously watch, and to top it all off when the video ends i'm out 1,500 coins and the game is over....... also you should add a help section so that i could've asked for help instead of ranting on here. i don't like to be "that guy".
asish thapa : its not much adventurous as it sounds. it has only one back flip. should have been more front flip, change of side, holding his skate board when in air, etc. but to spent time its a good game. please update with better features. thank you
nabil wadi : after a long time i have played something really good. graphics is awesome, especially the changing of a day and night is really an eye candy. most importantly it's lite. after playing for a couple of days, i am giving my review. because, this game deserves it, yet the developers didn't ask for good ratings like beggars. loved it.
anam khan : i don't know when it happened. i only came to recognise this after a couple of months of abandoning the game then playing it again. last month was a personal disaster and i blame my lost mind. i traced back trying to find the reason of my change in behaviour pattern until today. i realised this game has become a channel to keep my focus sharp. it is not tough so i can play long. it has a pleasant environment. and playing this for some time before bed maintained my brain waves. fact proven.
birdy bird : today i beat my high score of 17.5k and watched a video to continue. the screen went blurry and i lost all progress on that run, giving me my achieved goals after i crashed on the next turn after having to restart the app. there are lots of glitches with the wingsuit. most common is when transitiong from the wingsuit to the ramp. the chracter glitches and eventually 'crashes'. today i put on wingsuit tips and crashed slowly into the chasm. just some minor bugs. i'm anxiously awaiting an update.
anthonius y. : addictive and mersmerizing. but there is a minor glitch when the player was diving too fast and hits the ground while switching to the flying suit. it enters the ground and got stuck (the meter stops) after unequiping but the game does not end (the player is stuck), please fix. the rest are just fine and great! worth 5 stars
andrew waldroup : this game had been a constant bored at work kinda game, i just finally unlocked all of the characters. since i have been playing this so much i decided to buy the one in app purchase which is a coin doubler, figured it would help the developers out with this game and maybe encourage them to add some more characters or areas.
jon alder : rocks are impossible to avoid at the higher speeds. you can't jump over them when they are in a row, even if you jump before they are on the screen, and you can't go through them if there is no jump to do a trick. stupid.. edit: glitch causes control failure of character after retry. another glitch freezes camera on chasm after dieing in it and reviving with coins.
naser fares : the game is absolutely gorgeous and addictive. but it's poorly optimized for android. i have both galaxy s6 & s7 edge and the game starts fine, but after a while (usually when the device starts to become hot) the game suffers from a severe fps drop and it really kills the joy of playing.
chris tyler : fun and relaxing and exciting. funny thing happened the other day though. i was going down a hill, i jumped, hit a rock, and then fell into a pit, without touching the ground. the game over screen never came up, just leaving me watching the days pass by. the pause button was also gone, and the back button wasn't working.
jose martinez : this is a simple yet gorgeous game the sound and music is on point. the game shows its true beauty at night. the major issue is the rocks. you don't know how many times i had to restart because of the rocks. there not noticeable, they blend with the trees, they sometimes look like trees, and at night you can't even see them. which is why i gave this 3 stars. it would have been 2 but this game is enjoyable. overall - great game with a beautiful art style. enjoyable until you run into the issue.
james borg : awesome game with a simple graphics style that provides a lot of environmental atmosphere. needs extra features like dynamic physics, eg. speeding up when going down hill. llamas are cool but not used enough in goals. needs more goals and purchases. wing suit isn't really worth the effort. unlockable players up to paz have been good so far. keep working on this game it's really good!
o1 : i normally do not review apps, but this game is genuinely amazing and fun. it's relaxing but it isn't boring or slow! the art is absolutely amazing and the music is wonderful! the ads aren't in the way and are actually really smartly placed where it isn't a chore to see or anything (i don't know how to describe it lol) overall, i definitely think this game is worth downloading.
sir weaz second of his name : saved the game on my s6 edge. downloaded the app onto my s7 edge but the saved game does not load. there's no option to sign into play games upon initial boot. the game description inside play games doesn't have cloud saves listed so i'm thinking this feature is broken at the moment.
taylor steinmetz : very amazing graphics matched with beautiful sound but a thing i would like to suggest is maybe a button that allows you to only play during the day, sometimes when i'm playing and it gets to be night i lose interest because it's hard to see. don't get me wrong still an amazing game!
matt clark : i was quite far through the game, had been playing for a month, really enjoyed it. but then all my progress got deleted and it sent me back to level 1. please find a way to fix this and get my progress back. if that's done i will give it 5 star
a google user : excellent game... i think people those are complaining about insufficient tutorials are too lazy to find those tricks by themselves. my only complaint is the lack of option to stop auto changing whether.. please add it ...plz
pedro martins : it has no bugs, it looks beautiful, the color schemes are pleasing, the weather dynamics are captivating and the whole environment is awesome. amazing flow, easy to play but with a challenging learning curve that allows for cool late game. the characters and theme are original, the music adds to the magic. when a bug made the game unplayable, they fixed it sort of soon.
umang shukla : really great effort from developer. with minimalistic and awesome graphics, this is a endless snowboarding game with a continuous weather shift. goals are achievable and unlocks new players (each have its unique quality and that's another awesome thing). a new high is achieved when i unlocked wingsuit. i hate endless running games, but this is a pure exception, and with an open heart i welcome you to my top 5 games.
benoit hogue : i don't typically enjoy endless runners, but this one is very nice. after playing the game for i while, i sprung the 5$ needed to double coins (forever) simply out of wanting to support the developer because the game is fun and deserves encouragement. that's the only thing one can buy. the core mechanics of the game are well thought of and fun to play. the challenges keep the gameplay fresh and interesting. if i had one negative thing to say is that this game eats my battery for breakfast, twice.
rasmus schler srensen : since there is no way to see sufficiently far ahead, most of the game is just about betting on whether the landscape ahead is good or bad. it may look good when jumping, but a second later the slope changes and you no longer have time to complete that backflip you're now halfway through.
vinayak nair : this game has no complex plots or controls,all you need is a finger to tap and a sense of timing.the only problem i've faced so far is that during the night i need to increase my phones brightness to see which drains battery life quickly.
josef haas : i love this game and played it incessantly. got to level 51 and my phone broke. it now syncs my scores and achievements, and even tells me which characters i've unlocked, but even after adding my google play games account it still leaves me at level 1. i'd love to keep playing but i can't bring myself to level all of those again...other than that it's a simple, beautiful, fun game.
matthew quarles : loved concept at first but execution is so bad it became infuriating. i'm talking about ads. none in sight until you crash, prompting you to watch a video to revive your player. you get 3 if your wipeout isn't terrible. and if you try to buy something over-budget you get 500 coins to watch an ad. one catch; the app has a terrible time transitioning to an ad and back. and bubble something glitches every time, never rewarding you as if you hadn't watched anything, sometimes crashing you in the background.
hb : over the last few days there's been a bug where i'll play and die, and then when i'm resurrected the tap function doesn't work...i can access the menu and use the functions there so my screen isn't malfunctioning, it's just in the game. :/ and it's sucky to watch an ad or pay the coins if you die from not being able to jump immediately after. other than that, this game is awesome and i love it.
jeshua jacobo : i absolutely love this game. the gameplay is great, the graphics are gorgeous, the .sound effects are stunning. best mobile game i've ever played. though i have a problem. i downloaded the game i while ago and not one, but two times was my data erased! and i was already far into the game. would definitely rate five if they could only look into this problem
kyle : my character would sometimes fall from a great distance and clip through the ground and die. if my character would land on a power up, then it just doesnt count as a pickup. when i want to skip a taks or gain some more coins, the menu just wouldnt come up, the videos dont load u til at least a minute or so of waiting. sometimes it doesnt even load at all and it would force me to quit my game a couple of times before it actually works. when i enter the game, switch to a different application, switch back to the game, the music would only play a second of the music and loop continuously. one time it didnt even show the game, it just showed pink bars where the text was and black snow with a pink square with the character in the box. the settings menu doesnt have any words on it, yet i can still tweak some things ( i have no idea what i actually am tweaking.) if i try to make my character jump sometimes, they wouldnt jump at all, they would just slide across the screen before dying. i have to pause the game a couple of times before it actually lets me control the game. sometimes the character would stop doing their backflip when i try to make them do a backflip and they would just die.
kason irvin : i use to play this game a lot. it was super fun and seemingly flawless. but, as of late, i've noticed a good half second of input lag. this almost makes the game unplayable. it definitely makes the game unenjoyable. half way through your goal of 10,000 meters you fall off a simple ramp and plunge into a chasm because of half a second of input lag.
mj's two cents : alto's adventure may seem simple at the start or you may confuse it for another running game. but believe me, this is am experience of it's own and is artistic, relaxing and very fun. not addictive at all, but rather something you'd go back to for relaxing, not competition. edit: please add cloud saves.
a g : the game is beautiful. i would like it better if: 1. there was a way to speed up; it's too difficult to make jumps over chasms or to outrun the scary dude with a whip 2. there was more of a tutorial or a way to practice. i couldn't make the chasm jump in the tutorial and couldn't figure out what i was doing wrong. i almost gave up on the game but then i made it, no idea how. i haven't been able to make a jump over a chasm since. 3. the rocks were more visible, as well as better visibility when it's night
a google user : this game is wow in every sense. from the setting, to music, to tasks and everything. got me hooked from the first day. i don't know i'd ever finish each and every goal but i look forward to it. p.s. back flips used to be the most frustrating thing for me but it feels awesome now.
m o : with very simple controls, tap to jump tap and hold to rotate. it's an easy game anyone can play. however with the levels and challenges there's always more to do along with aiming for highscores. (i'm currently at 120,000). unlocking new characters is always fun, as they all ride differently , maya rotates faster where as paz rotates slower. i am looking forward to unlocking more. would 100% recommend and have to friends who also love it.
levon arabian : one of the best games i have ever played. the scenery and the games design as a whole is fantastic. i can't stress enough how breathtaking this game really is. the gameplay is smooth and a fun/addicting experience without the rage. all things considered it is amazing how great this game is and how a tranquil game like this one remains free. alto's adventure, a dazzling game.
kyle clark : rocks too small to see. runs over too quick. slow to earn enough coins to continue run. jumps too touchy and skiier falls at the slightest tilt in axis. crap game all round. and no, i don't want to watch a movie to continue play. go away.
rickandelon : please make the visibility of rocks better in next update, also add avalanche tragic, wooden bridges, cable transportation scene, some more power ups ,off line competition within some other characters such as maya if we are alto and vice versa, other wise wonderful game it reminds me of himalayas and everest adventure. totally worth it. thanks.......
james prewitt : the game is spot on. the art style is beautiful, but the goals are over way too soon. you barely get the last character in time to finish the last few. wish they would have made goals that just randomly generate. playing without the goals just feels pointless.
cakepoprock : i love the music and the rain is the best part! every time i use headphones and rain comes on, it's so realistic i say "hey, when did it start raining?" and my friends all say "oh emma! it isn't raining!" also! it has recently been freezing in the beginning and sometimes through the whole thing so now even though it's my favorite game(that i recommend my friends to) i now play it less because it hasn't been working. ;(
daniel hughes : addicting, fun and enjoyable game mechanics, great sound effects that add to the game, fantastic graphics, and most importantly not over run by ads. one thing the devs should fix is the watch video option to revive alto because that never works for me
michael hislop : brilliant game, 2 things i don't like about it 1. you can't see anything when it's night time and end up flying face first into the snow after hitting a rock 2. there is a summit that's near impossible to clear unless you are going really fast and have a masters degree in physics
chris m : fun game, but levels are randomly spawned, making it very annoying when trying to do specific challenges and a level doesn't present opportunities, and it also leads to jumps that are guaranteed crashes no matter what you do because of the way the level is setup. also, some challenges appear to be glitched, and will not be marked as complete after meeting or surpassing the requirement of the challenge. still a decent time waster, but the random level generation causes too many issues.
richard robertson : i paid the 3.10 or whatever it was for the coin doubler. because it's such a big amount, and just for a small upgrade, i expected the adverts you have to watch to revive alto would be gone but no! how can you make paying customers watch adverts? please remove adverts for people who've bought the coin doubler, and make reviving the character free for people who've paid money (as in scrap the 1500 coins charge).
nicholas reynolds : i always like to have a bunch of puzzle/strategy games with a couple arcady games for when i don't want to think. i downloaded because it looked like the kind of arcady game i wanted. it was more than i hoped for, such a relaxing and beautifully designed game. the devs clearly understand attention to detail. the background is pretty, the changing landscape is a nice touch, the weather, birds, and other small things really make the game. the music is calm and doesn't get annoying. the missions are fun.
daniel janssen : this used to be a fantastic game until ads started popping up while you were playing.... ads that don't pause the game causing your run to fail. "play our other games!". well a good way to cause me to never do that is to force a fail so you can attempt to shove a sale down my throat.
carl h : game is fun...but it's unbelievably annoying to be prompted to sign up to google play games every single time it opens, especially as i already have a play account with other games working with it but you have no option to use your established account even when the settings are on to add new games inside play. please address this.
vikrant nandrekar : the game has everything a successful game needs to have. a beautiful game level design, great soothing soundtrack and easy control system. the continuous day night cycle is a joy to watch and not to mention the material style approach to the game design. controls are easy and engaging with a good points system for style combos. a good way to make you watch the ads as well as the game is free to download.
christine schultz degama : great atmosphere created with cleverly simple graphics and a pitch perfect soundtrack. with zero lag, jumping and flipping feels great. lots of content here, also. i couldn't wait to see the next set of goals, as they become more like dares from the dev. beautiful and fun, a must play!
a google user : excellent game, i've been playing for months now. amazing sound, so be sure to wear headphones. the (optional) ads are a punishment - nothing to break the atmosphere like an ad for some bro sniper game with bloody headshots! 5 stars for game, -1 for really awful ad architecture
k lahtinen : runs commonly end because of a lag spike just before a rock or a chasm. i would like to see more stuff to purchase with coins. the things available now feel very underwhelming. also, alto is facing the wrong way in the thumbnail.
jeremy hughes : i have a big problem watching videos and reviving my player, even when connected to wifi. i only get revived maybe 50 percent of the time. would be a great 5 star game if not for that. i have a s6, my wife has the s7. it does it on both phones.
loken gubhaju : it should have the shadow tutorial for complex missions like: landing proximity backflip, loop with wingsuit its really confusing and hard to do that. if there is tutorial then we can perform the tricks shown on tutorial.
rei young : alto's adventure is a beautiful symbiotic medley of gameplay, art and sound. it excels particularly because of its ability to create a gaming 'experience' through the stunning weather animations and atmospheres, the ambient sounds and particularly the composed music. it falls, however, in its limitations in original gameplay and the slightly repetitive nature of its premise. despite this, alto's adventure can only go uphill from here (or rather downhill in this case)!
spacemoose : endless fun, good job and thank you to the developers. one problem though, don't play this game on the toilet or you'll never go due to all of the butt clenching moment's. this game has to be causing widespread constipation from the puckering that comes once you realize izel is speeding towards his doom in a gap you can't get out of.
thishen packirisamy : alto is a foremost example of realism in intra-personal relationships. throughout the adventure ones ideals are questioned and forcefully put to the metre. like a balloon the entertainment value of this games rests on a 3 legged milking stool. and like stool i would rather not eat it
eli kacal : i can barely play this game outside of my house because the night cycle makes things too dark to see! even with my brightness turned all the way up i cannot see a thing while i'm outside. i would appreciate it if this was fixed. other than that, i absolutely adore this game. like this is the best on the app store.
a google user : this game is awesome. it's very entertaining and i love the visuals. the only thing that i don't like, as others have complained about, are the rocks. some of them are too hard to see, especially the flatter ones. but overall, i really enjoy the game.
swamy g : let's put it simply. i don't review games. this is just magnificent work done by the developers so credit to them. i find myself sucked in, not so much by the gameplay, but the environment. it's perfect for a game that doesn't require too much brainpower.
mac kincaid : absolutely love this game, it's nice and relaxing to play while still being fun enough to keep you starting a new round every time you faceplant. the different goals and challenges keep things interesting, and the options for different characters are great. (esp the llama!) really appreciate that you can enjoy play without being constantly asked to spend real money; you get the option of watching ads to revive your character and continue the same run, but you're not constantly pushed to spend. a+++
alexander aguilar : at first i thought it was going to be one of those boring endless runners. here you don't even run. you play as alto, a herding boy in a snowy mountain and your llamas just ruin away. you have to catch them by snow boarding down the mountain while going in style. the artwork is simple and beautiful, relying heavily on pastels and soft colors. the music is one piano piece that is very relaxing and changes the further down the mountain you go. a few levels in, you'll start unlocking new characters,
p c : alto's adventure is a pleasant spiritual successor to the skifree game on my first pc in the days of windows 3.1. skifree was a refreshing interlude among the likes of doom & wolfenstein3d while alto provides the same from the more complex time sinks of today. simple yet seamless graphics & gameplay in a visually relaxed & pleasing environment where you can spend 5 minutes or a half hour w/ ease...all the while wondering if an abominable snow monster is going to show up to eat you.
scott springer : now don't get me wrong, alto might be one of the best phone games i've ever played. the esthetic is wonderful. graphics are beautiful, the sound design and music is perfect, and the game isn't intrusive or annoying. ads are implemented properly through your revive system, love it. the only thing i really desire is the ability to not allow it to change to night time, or allow us to choose the time of day. night time looks pretty, but if i'm on anything but the highest brightness or if i'm outside? no luck.
shishir singh : its one of those games who got rave reviews for looks but lack the core gameplay. variety is non existent like there was in despicable me:minion rush or even jetpack joyride. the biggest problem is that this game isn't tested properly. time cycles between day and night and in night you can't see obstacles especially if you are in a forest. they wanted to focus on looks instead of gameplay and while it got good reviews i must say it is one of the worst editor's choice app on play store.
jared hayden : great game. keep it up. now onto what you need to fix. first off, you need to make the goals more skill based and less circumstantial based. if i have to do triple backflips, it takes me forever to get that goal because there aren't enough higher mountains to do backflips on. i have to wait until the mountain is big enough to even try. also, the goals with the weather are bad because all you are doing is waiting; there is no skill to this. also, remove the rocks at the top of the mountain slopes.
mergedpotato : i initially downloaded this game because i thought the screenshots looked nice, and boy did the game deliver. usually graphics aren't a high priority for me, but alto uses it to create a soothing and beautiful atmosphere. the gameplay is nothing crazy but chaining tricks and running from elders can be an odd balance between relaxation and thrill. if i had to complain though, the mission system can get annoying and it'd be better if all goals were unlocked right out of the gate.
a google user : it seems like it's just a score-attack game & not an actual 'adventure.' also wish there was a way to buy coins for those who don't want to watch ads to gain more. but still a fun game so it deserves 5 stars
bandupurnate : why put so much effort into making this such a beautiful game and not offer the ability to turn off ads?! it boggles the mind. i bought the 'coin doubler' thinking, of course, that paying $3.99 -not a small amount for an app- would also remove the noxious ads. nope, still there with no easily seen way to disable them. ruins both the flow and integrity of the game. bummer.
a lex : i like the game a lot. it is so beautiful to look at and the music in the game is pretty awesome. and i like these kind of games, platformers. i'm not sure if you can actually call this game a "platformer" so i'm sorry if i'm wrong on that point. :} but, yep, all i wanted to say is that i loved the game. :}
lewis meyer : the game is fun. in order for me to keep playing, you need to have more than one wreck before starting over again. if you liked this, you would love ski safari, ski safari 2. it's what this game should strive for.
julio moreno : i have an issue with this game...no matter how many llamas i catch they never stop! i hate to break it to you folks but when they send us their llamas they're not sending their best. they're sending llamas that have lots of problems and they're bringing those problems with us. they're bringing drugs. they're bringing crime. they're pests and some, i assume, are good llamas. i suggest we build a wall to keep the llamas out and we have the elders pay for it! make alto great again!!
harith dinie : i love this game. the idea is so simple yet innovative. however, i will give one criticism that it is a bit hard to know whether you can or cant crash through the rocks. because jumping over them slows you down and the elder is pretty fast so...
benito valenzuela : very simple and elegant, the changing background is nice from night to day, sunshine to rainy to snowy, and the different types of characters all balance this game very well. would love to see more updates/added levels maybe, or even a hawaiian theme.
lunch money : start of by saying great game. gameplay, yet simple very addictive. and i won't sit here writing a negative review on a game that is this good and free so well done on a good product. i will however pick on the only problem i have and thats with the adds. i do believe its fair to have adds on a free app but watching them to progress with your current game only to find its reset back to the start is incredibly frustrating and losers a start for that point alone.
alla gadassik : why aren't more mobile game developers designing games this smartly?! it's relaxing to glide through the snowy landscapes in the game, jumping over hurdles and doing tricks. but it's also diverse and challenging enough with the small trick missions, so that each run feels different. no intrusive ads or manipulative purchases, hooray!!! this is really a perfectly designed game, and i wish there were more like it. i would gladly pay for it, if they wanted to do a second installment with future levels.
rohan talwar : loved the game a lot a lot a lot, but the only problem is that im done with this game and after 60 levels, no goals. nothing to do then, except just to play it without any goals, either increase the goals or atleast make an update to it or else there's no fun playing it without any goals or tasks.
emmett byrne : this game has an absolutely amazing aesthetic however the gameplay is certainly lacking. a lot of things in this game do not make sense to me from a design perspective, since the game actually rewards you for not using some of it's fun mechanics. example: if you use the grind rails then you will miss out on a lot of the games currency, the hover upgrade is also horrible since you lose out on coins with that as well. i don't see the point in the magnet upgrade since there's only 2 big upgrades(word limit) :(
yosua abraham : the scenery & music in the game is strangely nostalgic, made me want to try another run just to hear it once again. art style and music are totally beautiful and perfect match for intriguing endless snowboarding without unnecessary gimmicks and tricks. the character unlock based on leveling is cleverly made.
har ish : nights are very dark. you need to turn on full brightness. also am in level 9 and it's easy beeze.. need some more challenge. we can just do backflip, a somersault would be epic .
kev dev : you need to rely on a lot of luck to win levels. which isnt all that bad, many games are the same. but the kicker is each time you crash, which will be often, you need to watch a 30 second video. plus it gets extremely difficult in the later rounds. which for me personally is not relaxing. i'd rather pass. there's much better games out there. it's a shame, this could have been a good one.
j mula : ads. after the latest update, constant ads - causing game crashes.. will not play until they roll back this update. bad form. will change to 5 stars if they remove the game breaking ads!
gregory somers : at 1st it can be tough, but achieving lv goals helps you figure things out and at lv10 u get a better character. watch video button can become your ally in finishing tough goals. even if you die attempting a goal, you might get it. focus ahead! you don't have to use the newest character to achieve current goals. save up for the wing suit! you can repeatedly get 500 gold by simply watching a video by pressing + symbol on final score screen.
nathan cunningham : this typically isn't my genre but this little game looks great on my nexus 9 and is fun. the backgrounds look great and the mechanics are simple and hard, but they do get repetitive for any hardcore gamer. gave 5 stars since cloud saves was added and much needed too. note after last update music is now choppy and distorted @ times and ive had issues with ads not playing then randomly starting during a game causing my nexus 9 to crash. please update resolution to 1440p or 4k id like to push my n9.
andrew millar : the tooltips during the tutorial were fine, expected and helpful. the *unexpected* tooltips after obtaining the wing suit which made me crash my next seven games and rage quit were not fun. i still don't know what they said. perhaps explaining how to use the wing suit *when, not after* it is unlocked would be less infuriating.
abdul shahid : i am in love with this game. you just need to download it once and you can enjoy this all the time. the most wonderful thing is, it worksoffline with no interruptions. very happy with alto's team. keep it up guysssss... love u all.
carolina : love everything about the game, but always starting from the same point makes it feel somewhat dull. it should change every other level up at least. i'm at level 20 and see exactly the same things i saw at level 1.
ryan barrell : this game is great! really fun, really simple and so refreshing to not have to wait an hour to keep playing after five minutes. only flaw is the changing times of day - you can't see anything during night time unless you have screen brightness turned all the way up, which is pretty stupid.
daniel ml : edit: ads have been gone for weeks, tentatively updating to 4 stars, will go to 5 if it stays good. previous review: ads started to show up when opening the game, no way to pay to get rid of them that i can find, revise review down from 5 stars to 3. update: news from noodlecake ads have gotten worse recently (loud, annoying, and pop up when restoring the app) revised down further to 1 star for this poor behavior. awesome paid ios game, annoying android game.
alicia mallahan : i love this game. i have one thing that i would like to see changed. please make it so that we can increase the stats on our players. i would rather play as maya than izel, but i'm reaching a point that i won't be able to level up with maya. thank you for the awesome game.
chris anthony : it's fun and good for killing time. the objectives help keep it fun. edit: crash and tap video to extend your session. black screen. ads come up while you're playing on top of your character. also can't seem to figure out how to exit the game. only use home button? and i just fell through the ground.
bohan, oliver : after playing it alto is a very calm, subtle, fun, yet challenging indie game that i fell in love with. it is one of the best games i have ever downloaded. if i could rate more stars i definetly would.
shayan mukherjee : don't think twice if u still haven't found a nice game. just download
t pench0 : this game is truly a masterpiece. it has simple controls and amazing artwork. provided me with hours of entertainment after my internet went down for 4 days. i only wish that there were some more game modes but other than that i can't complain.
benjamin morris : beautiful, minimalist art can't keep this procedurally generated casual game from getting boring fast. a change in game mechanics (there's only one button, press/hold to jump/backflip) would go a long way.
david fonseca : this game is a bundle of contradictions. beautiful soothing graphics and sound, and yet i find myself robbed and tense and mistreated by the game mechanics. jumping over a rock and landing in an off screen chasm is a typical game ending. when your character 'dies' or crashes, often it feels like "... wait... what?! there is no way i could have avoided that obstacle!". by lvl 25, "look out for that rock! " is just mocking passive aggressive. would you like to watch a video to continue your run? - - no!
tristan ivan rhy atienza : wonderful! amazing! superb! those are the 3 words i can describe this game. so let me first start it off with that the whole game itself is aesthetically pleasing from the animations ( i really love the details espcially the time zone in the game which is trully mesmerizing ) up until the music which is soothing by the way. the second one is that the controls isn't that very hard, by just using one finger you can play this game anywhere you want. lastly, the characters are very detailed and have their own pros and cons which adds depth to the game (but i recommend you still add more in the future ). the some goals are very hard to say the least but that is what makes this game challenging and that males it more fuj and enjoyable. kudos :)
bobby absher : this ranks as one of the very few games on mobile that i would consider a full blown experience. beautiful, relaxing, challenging, and frustrating all rolled up into one. a shining example of the type of quality all mobile games should aspire to. well done... well done.
diae : it runs smoothly and the graphics are just phenomenal! and man, the sound effects, it just feels so real! like when there was a thunderstorm in the game, i thought it was raining outside too! i'll give this game an 11/10. though, i do wish you can make the character do frontflips(?) too, whenever you press on the left side of the screen.
denton s : looks good yes, i like the music too. the actual game is kinda rubbish. the guy with the stick takes all the fun out of it. yet to find a way to avoid him. no matter how far ahead you get he catches up in a heartbeat.
neon : this game is so much fun and amazing. not only did the creator focus on the fun aspects of the game he also focused on the landscape. that is probably my favorite part. just watching the days and nights cycle through and watching the rain and snow. anyways great job creating this wonderfully put together game
a google user : the levels should automatically update while playing a endless run . since we need to get crash landing or to end the current run to get the level update.. it's like kind of weird game feature. this not looks like generic game feature. noodlecake, please consider this requirement and implement asap.
matthew kee : i've never been so happy with a game before and this is definitely one game for you to play. lovely graphics. i wish we could select the game mode like choosing the time, whether to have someone chasing you down the mountain, etc. could play this for hours..
judgemental budgie : this is one of the most amazing games i've played this year. graphics are beautiful and the animation is quite detailed. gameplay is easy and relaxing but can be challenging at times. i highly recommend.
e. jonathan hardy : really clean layout and addicting. characters are neat and the overall style stands out. only issue is the audio started cutting out recently. galaxy s2 9.7.
kevin mclean : simple, easy controls, relaxing music, no ads (or freemium), just a great game. aesthetically it reminds me of monument valley
faris rahman : even though the game is not soo interesting. interface is great and i appreciate it. good work. feels smooth. try to add a little more beat music to the ingame
josiah mccoy : the game is super addicting, no ads, only micro-transactions which are not pushed or required to advance. the art style is beautiful.
alexandre foucault : extreme road trip 2 is more fun cuz you can do different flips and slam. if it was easier to turn and do more controls it would be more fun.
neil christianson : gorgeous game, fun to play, does not get old. my only problem is that my low battery warning do not show like texts and other notifications do, causing my phone to turn off during gameplay as the game sucks the battery away.
paul summerfield : this by far is one of my favorite mobile phone games ever. definitely many hours of enjoyment await you! update: finished all the goals and want more. please devs make a new mountain with new goals. also, i would love to see extra challenges once you completed the game! an easy way to do this, (hope you are listening devs) put advanced players like 100,000 meters ahead, so its much harder!
niklous mikaelson : this is the game that has everything so far for me...i will strongly recommend it to my friends...truly speaking rain is the best part
dreenkolor 91 : nice game, with beautiful graphics, the sound effects and dynamic weather. you need some luck in certain stages, but eventually, they can be completed, just as i already have. enjoyed the game. thank you.
jeff walker : love it. can't stop playing it. the feel of the environment is breathtaking, although it sometimes is too dark when it's night in the game, but daytime at my house. the interface is simple and the tricks are easy to do, so no complicated combinations, but the timing is everything.
kenan dutchman : amazing game. love the music quite calm and the art style is amazing overall love it one thing that i will be even more happy if you fix the revive buttons i can't watch an add to revive my self but overall amazing game. keep up the good work!!
salman halim : i like this game; great music that compliments game theme and graphics. just my two cents; i don't like the game icon. icon appears like a witch is flying at night. please update the icon that reflects the essence of game.
sandeep singh : need a 5 star, gv an option to disable this damn night mode. its as simple as tht... plz listen to the feedback of people right away ir surely u will hv people losing interest... i myself am on the verge.
brendon packer : this game is absolutely beautiful, smooth and soothing. the scenery, the music, the textures and the gameplay are all perfectly done. a simple game yet so addictive because of how well it has been made. my personal top game on android right now.
a google user : very good game, the music is very relaxing, offering a good counterweight to the nerve-wracking gameplay speed. the angular background and foreground graphics are unlike any other i've seen, they are simplicist but contribute to enhancing the eye-pleasing factor. it is the absolute best distance adventure game i have downloaded yet, i do not think there will soon be one to rival it. there is every reason for it to be an editor's choice app. cheers to the developers at noodlecake studios and snowman!
jem : excellent fun. although, i'm not sure why an essentially offline game needs to download vast quantities of data while i'm playing.
aoife wright : the graphics are beautiful and the concept is addictive but when it turns to night, i can't see anything and is very hard to play
a google user : this is the perfect game for a phone. simple yet challenging. the objectives are fun, and the map is always random so you always have something new to play. iap aren't necessary to win or advance. i'd pay for an ad free version if there was one.
swaroop singh deval : reasons: 1) small in size and consumes less ram. because of this, it doesn't hang even in low ram mobiles. 2) even though it consumes less ram, graphics and features are pretty good. 3) no age limit. everybody likes it.
wasif haque : beautifully designed visuals with great attention to detail and a very soothing soundtrack makes for a wonderful experience that is alto's adventure!
bill branan : simple to learn, fun to play. clean graphics, music that never gets old or annoying. just the right level of difficulty to keep it interesting.
kyrupt : this game has turned my life around, i was in a very bad state, my mum had just passed away and i got diagnosed with depression. one day i was looking for games to play and i found this, its relaxing music and himilayan backround i couldnt stop playing it has helped me alot and i just want to say thanks
ofycie the : i don't understand how it got this popularity it's extremely hard to play with that very small shape and jumping is slow the graphics is good
shiva argula : i wish there was some way to keep your rock smash boost while in wingsuit form. sometimes i switch to wingsuit and i'm still thinking i'm invincible then i hit a rock and i'm dead. the invincibility should carry over like it does while you're in the air. also ramps are really buggy when you land on them at the edge. sometimes you lose your speed entirely for a second or so, and sometimes you just follow the ground instead of bouncing. also i wish there was more incentive to catch llamas.
gabriel risco : it was a great game. i had almost all characters but after i made the last update i was back to level 1. so time to uninstall...
milan ivanovic : excellent game to kill time with. also developers are not doing everything they can to grab money out of your pocket, but instead have polite means of earning their keep. more games and developers like this should be present and are more than welcome!
nirban debbarma : thanks for making such an awesome game. the visuals and the background audio score is excellent. weather effects with themed backgrounds make it more beautiful. *one request, background audio scores should be more and the characters too. thank u for keeping it free.
muhammad firdaus abd halim : great games to wash off my spare time. i'm wondering, by any chance, this game available on windows apps, it could be great too
neander de oliveira : i love this game. i love how it pushes you to go farther each time. i would love to see some level and character updates in the future. my only complaint is that it lags at times on my note 5 :-s
lskd : could you please lower the prices :d , o and is a verry good game , nice graphics and everything is just on point
joey newcomb : multiplayer would be really awesome. i haven't checked the tecent update as of writing this, but the llamas don't make llama sounds.
cheryl love : every time i click on install the play store crashes. please help, i have a galaxy s7 edge
henry ha : love this game. but i changed my phone few days ago and when i downloaded this game, it started all over again even when i've signed in my google account. please fix this bug cause i've made my way to level 45. it'd be really annoying if i have to replay everything.
ananta pratama : it's simple offline game but really entertaining.. cool and awesome movement combination, with cute and unique characters, and challenging mission.. me and my friends are actually addicted by it.. so.. let the stars speak.
tony chan : nice graphics, great soundtrack, smooth game play, reachable objectives or missions. everything about this game is perfect except tupas ability doesn't work anymore. spoiler, i'm suppose to have an extra life when i fall in chasm, but i don't.
joe : brilliant game. the visual style is amazing and the music fits the game great. my only faults are that it gets to dark at night and that it will turn off the screen after about 15-20 seconds of not touching it.
cahyadhi prayogo : this game is pretty simple, yet it's very addictive. almost got all the achievement, except the last one
jacob joseph : i think with more tricks in this game bedsides hitting backflips would make the adventure of this game with alto. more funner than it is. u guys should really work on that .
justin & melissa robertson : this a very excellent game. it is worth getting. the game is very high in quality and never lags. also is a great time killer and a all around good game
srisri satish kartik : i really loved the game. visuals are outstanding. music is so nice. i l like the way how the days time change. but nighttime is a little bit difficult
tobias wesseler : seems like there is a heavy game breaking bug. - using android 5.0.1. screen just goes dark after a few seconds of not touching.
jakub adamcik : for the love of god, please include the option to buy ad free version!!!! i get it you guys need to earn money and that development of such beautiful game is not easy..... but please, note that you've included the option for me to buy coin doubler , you surely can figure out how to offer us an ad free version ! my eyes and soul are bleeding every time i have to go through those mindless bad ads for bad apps when i want to revive my character
mugen mugay : great game elements and mechanics provided! i didn't know we could unlock more characters after reaching level 10. it gets more exciting after that as i feel the urge to unlock every one of it. i love that it has various missions each level. that's why it is never boring!
j. dau : the soundtrack alone is wonderful. add the seemingly simplistic game style and this is definitely a game that you could play on a work break or spend an evening trying to get as far as possible. added zen mode, just makes it better.
devin conradie : beautiful game, lovely mechanics. the lighting is still an issue and that repetitive backround tune can become annoying. but a brilliant game none the less.
kaloyan dzhamdzhiev : really eases the dry season for me :d the game has a great feel when you play it. i love the challenges so far. i would suggest to add more tricks. those backflips are a bit boring after a while. thanks for the great app! cheers :p
memorii. : i have been playing this a long time and i love it but pls fix when getting the power ups it doesnt activate. you just ride past it i dunno maybe because i've been playing this a long time and also the nighttime too dark. thank you for this game and pls fix!
diego duarte : the game looks gorgeous and is fun, but i recently started getting ads disguised as "news from noodlecake" on top of the game while i was playing, and had to close those to regain control of the game which continued below the ad. totally ruined the experience for me.
feels good man : too dark at night time in game, i not fun or challenge at all. you better jusy change color of the background (like season) to make it more fun and enjoyable. just my advice
dena goretoy : maybe it's the recent update but for some reason, when i press to jump, there is a tiny lag in reaction time. it's annoying and i end up crashing into everything if i don't tap early. otherwise, it's fantastic and a fun game. :)
sean benoit : this game is an awesome snowboarding game but one thing is that things weren't descriptive. i didn't know that those men on horses were elders
ernest louis : the game is nice and also has a save point so i decided to save it to google so i can uninstall and find more games. after installing the game for the 2nd time, i signed to google and found nothing. i cant find my hardwork. pls help me
satish rawat : game is awesome with its simple looking scenery and the concept of the day and night snow fall and rain, i just love that
tom lynch : this game is fantastic. i'm going after the final achievements and i still play it a ton. really the best graphics and smooth play on a phone i've seen.
zombianca : this game is so simple and sort of boring that it really should not be as fun as it is. but oh my god, it is the most relaxing and entertaining games i have ever experienced.
kingsley oyiogu : the ui is really nice and it's sorta like ski safari. too many distractions make it hard to notice the rocks though
kyle virtucio : best breath taking environment, peaceful music, great sound effects, and stunning graphics. i can't believe just a little mb can make a game like this cool.
anthony b. ano : after playing stressful fps & rpg games, it's always great to fire up this game to calm your nerves once in a while.
yee-lum mak : i can't for the life of me jump well enough to get past the third level, but this game is very pretty and polished. great art.
israel monroy : i hate when it gets dark, i can't see obstacles very well and get frustrated. please make it optional.
desirae h : love this game i'm so addicted. it's a great endless runner just a snowboarding version but with some additional features like ur wingsuit and different characters with different abilities. lots of fun and a great time killer
robert lunsford : rocks are more annoying than challenging especially at night where they dissappear in the background. why do you come to a near stop when jumping crevases? why can't you use coins to upgrade your snowboard for better speed or tricks? the jump action is buggy, sometimes you jump, sometimes you don't. it in an ok game but it could be a really good game. if there is a coin magnet picked up, there should be some coins to use it on. what the heck is the point of the hover thing?
darkstar : i downloaded this game 2 hrs ago now i am a super fan of this game. i like it's sound, graphics and weather yes weather it have many types of weather and many more things to find out. i love 'noodlecake' many - many thanks for you.
iloti mutoka : the way the game has to restart each time i switch apps is really annoying. i tried downloading apps that stops this but nada. settings on phone, everything. nothing works. noodlecake, you made the best game i played on mobile but as i'm sure you agree, continuity is crucial.
austin grover : graphics are stunning. unlockable characters with different traits is super appealing. missions are fun yet challenging. a bonus is its not pay to win .
jesse v : kudos to the art and design. feel 'adventure' is a bit of a misnomer, since you go back to the start every time.
a google user : absolutely stunning game with very nicely done monetisation. great game for kids as it's very simple to start playing. me and my five year old love playing this.
padi engel : the graphics, the soundtrack are just beautiful and the challenges and unlockables keep me playing this great piece of art.
emmanuel antony : it is a very nice and addictive game. the restart bug is fixed after i updated my phone to marshmallow. nice graphics. the graphics can get a bit laggy some times. otherwise it is a good game.
brennan watts : the game is very responsive, works and runs well, i love the art style and the shaders of this game. if you haven't played this try it out.
sam opp : the ads that you can choose to play to keep going no longer work. which is something you don't find out until you get out of the ad and you're at the stat screen.
prakriti bhatt : i absolutely love the graphics, the interface, and the background score. this game feels like a break, and isn't stressful at all. also, no unnecessary ads interrupting game play. undoubtedly the best game i've ever played on phone.
jesse guerrero : very fun but it didn't save my progress to google games like many other apps do. after getting a new phone i had to start over and that wasn't fun. ended up uninstalling
rami chamass : addictive time killer but stopped working after last update, doesn't start anymore, force close immediately
michael dinglasan : just a beautiful game. love the way the environment changes and the day/night cycles. controls very nicely too.
dominzs : i play this game every night before sleep and work, i enjoy how the game doesn't give me any grief when i play it. i'm not cluttered with micro transactions and adds i am just able to play and have fun
autumn w : love how indielike the game is. only thing is idk how to get past that guy that runs after you
kosh sergani : its annoying that the screen go off if i never touched the screen.
marnus van zyl : play this about everyday for the past two weeks. really fun, nice challenges and beautiful music and visuals
gunbileg nyamdorj : this is a great game. best graphic. my only complaint is that i wish it had forward flipping option. but still the best game i found so far
a google user : superb visuals and sound effects. brilliant gameplay which is both simple and challenging at the same time. makes you wanna keep sliding down the mountain.
a google user : amazing game sometimes i cant stop playing it. graphics are stunning and the sound is awesome but i think it would be great to be able to set the weather and time of day you want. oh and add snowing pls.
jester mig valencia : good but i hate it when it's dark. i cant see the obstacles. and the elder catches up too fast
alex kong : you ski through some beautiful environment. i love how the day and night changes as you progress. it's a serene and relaxing gaming experience.
bleble blublu : i hate it bacause whne i was palying hardly and suddently came a rock and all is gone.besides,when i press the button 1,500 to make it alive ,i feel very aughtful and pity for myself,but the good is this game makes you fun
a google user : beautifully made game. love playing it, but didn't at first. takes a bit of getting used to before you do well, but very fun and addicting once you do.
nur fatharani : tbh at first i downloaded it just because of the name, i didn't know what is this game about, i just glance it once and downloaded it. and then i saw the introduction and got very excited because of the ilamas xd btw, everything are sooo beautiful. the music, the graphics, and of course, the ilamas the sceneries are really gorgeous! i love the sunrise, very beautiful! very well done!
chauncy bernard : awsome gameplay,awesome video graphics epecially with how the environment settings change. very good game ai. get this game now and start playing and be amazed.
brent : i really think this is the greatest of mobile gaming right now, stunning graphics, excellent sound track and no p2p model. well done with this game!
gilbert bautista : thus is the best looking game i have ever seen, the scenes are beautiful, and the music is so perfect, its calming in some way
raman sharma : one of best endless game and graphics are too good. even very less game play elements but the game is very well implemented and gorgeously presented. thanks for developers for such a lovely game. hoping to get new things in upcoming updates.
rishabh : good work devlopers,nice graphics and peaceful music,wish i could give it a 100 stars.a must have game
indru maiorescu : crashes when signing in to google play. also the night levels are very hard to see in, they're just unplayable for me. not enough light.
michael bennett : problems with watching ads for revives, especially after watching an ad the game drops in frame rate and stutters at different times, needs an update.
richard reynolds : some of the challenges are quite hard but being able to pass them using in game coins is great. thanks for making such an enjoyable game.
darcie : this game is so fun and pretty. i can waste hours on it and sometimes the graphics leave me near breathless.
christian pratama : relax and smooth sensation when play it. thunder sound is really realistic, guess rainy outside.
arshad hameed : i would like to give 5 stars for the game.fix the issue with the touch response. i have to restart the game to play again. loved the graphics, simple but creative and beautiful. fix the touch issue and 5 star in your bucket.
gergely toth : i like the game very much, but what the hell. i was nearly at the end, i don't want to start over.
shantanu tonde : in that version show blood and broken limbs when player crashes and may be you can show some monsters instead of the elder or the rocks. you can integrate it in the same game too. just give an option in settings to choose between vanilla and gore version.
mothusi lehata : the game hooks you from the word go. short achievements which always give a sense of satisfaction. whenever you unlock a new carecter it changes the game. well done guys.
idrees qureshi : every time i try to sign into google it keeps on going back to home screen plz fix and i will rate 4-5 stars
shreyas tripathy : the game in itself is pretty nice but the music and the graphics are extraordinary! i love it when developers focus on the feel of the app rather than cold functionality.
anthony evans : rocks are unavoidable, some characters just can't get the speed to make some chasms etc, but as i got better i started to fly through the game. frikken frustrating at times but fun too
joseph chou : having problems using the 'watch video' option to continue. often nothing happens after i press it or i have to watch multiple ads just to continue.
mohit mayank : one of the few endless runners which doesn't become monotonous just after a couple of games. plus, awesome graphics.
jaylen : this game has really good graphics it is sometimes hard but it's a really fun the music is so beautiful that's my favorite part of the game
a google user : this game is fun to play and it's cool to look at all the little details in the game. i love how the day time nd weather change too. simplicity of it is awesome too. very fun!
christopher degama : this is one heck of a fun game. so simple, yet very satisfying game play. i love the graphics and bgm; they set a wonderful scene. perfectly paced challenges help you become progressively daring and creative. i highly recommend this. excellent work!
ashish singh : with the recent update, the app freezes many times while playing and the run will have hiccups.
tropicana orange juice : i downloaded the app, when i tried opening it it never worked. i played it before on a different device it is a great game. but i wanna play it on my device, please fix and i will give 5 stars
eric thomas : about 50/50 chance that clicking on an ad to revive will either crash the game or send you back to the main menu anyway. otherwise great game.
annisa hanifa : i rarely to comment for games but now here i am . this game is so simple yet so addicting . the main reason may be the animation and graphic because it's so smooth and cute and dream like . only one problem when in night cycle it's harder to play because i never see the rock is coming but maybe it's just part of the game still fun tho !
mohit goyal : while playing if i don't touch the screen then mobile goes to sleep.. so please fix the screen timeout problem while playing this game
david caitens : twice now i've lost all progress with no way to recover. you use google play games already why not use the cloud saving feature. losing progress with no way to recover it is frustrating and makes me not want to play.
michaela nilsson : i used to play ski safari a lot. but this one is really well made. the graphics and sound are fantastic. crisp and smooth gameplay
turbo killer : amazing, probably one of the best indie games that i've played but some of the missions are incredibly hard or way too situational
jonathan wise : the day/night cycle makes this game fun half the time. its way too dark at night and i just stop playing.
hans van strydonck : really great game, but half of the time it's impossible to play outdoors due to the overly dark graphics.
mukul abdagiri : good graphics and fun gameplay. but same music every run makes it boring...need variations. also that fat sluggish player at number 3 should come earlier than the slim fast player which you typically 'earn' as you progress.
#entertainment world : i like the game soooo much.but the problem is that in dark we cant see any stone or rubbish.please make a improve that infrared mode in game or highlight the rubish in the way...thanx alot
benjamin hage : love it period. but i do have to point out that alto can only do back flips so why is he doing a back flip and landing switch on the shortcut pic. just saying....
firdaus taher : while on the smow lag happen. once i jump everything go smooth for a while and lag haapen again on the snow. i own 3gb device. please fix it.
kilo x silencer : i remember when it first launched and it was the first 2d game done on this scale. it's just gorgeous and the environment is pretty
steven byrne : a game where either ull be watching commercials any time u fail or spending money..both suck when ur playing an otherwise cool game where ur speeding down a mountain dying alot. u can play again for nothing but u start back at beginning.
blossy blos : beautiful, but hard to jump. way too easy to die. i wasn't able to go far
josh mehler : there's a game exactly like this on iphone but it has more features. this might get there, but it has a way to go.
steve paddock : randomly generates the slope ahead, so you constantly make mistakes, cause you can't see what's coming. annoying.
siddharth mehta : i have just purchased a new phone and sooner i have installed the game on that phone, i am not able to sync my previous progress inspite of log in from the same account.
flamur sahiti : the "watch a video to earn 500 coins" is driving me crazy ..i have to restart the game several times and try several times to get a video played..
manas dhanait : cooool the best adventure game ever.i love the graphics.they are excellent when there is a sudden change in the atmosphere.the small triangular mountains are real fun to watch and the backflip is the best part.best gameplay ever.love this game and noodlecake studios.waiting for more such games
a google user : it lags horribly in the very beginning of a run on my nexus 9. i don't see the same issue on my nexus 4.
johan butenschn skre : great graphics and nice physics. the controls are very simple, but require precision. perfect time killer for the phone
felipe cochi : a very simple idea, with great graphics and sound, nice challenges, characters to unlock without having to pay for, it's impossible not to like it
simon diamond : i don't get the fuss about this game. yes, it looks good but it is fairly tedious and quite frustrating. shouldn't be played on anything less than a seven inch and at anything less than full brightness.
silent asylum : at first it took me back to home screen . after a couple tries it worked great graphics and nice and easy challenges
amrit bhatia : only good scenery doesn't makes the game fun. there's no button to jump higher. it flips lazily.. and i can not defend my player from the horse rider. uninstaling right now
eugene mollentze : a good game to pass some time. nice music and fun. could add more stages or maybe powers to be bought using point. or even new gear. but all in all a good and fun little game
amos lee : great game. love it. one small glitch that i keep experiencing is that sometimes when i begin a run, alto cannot jump.
emily buchert : i'm still addicted to it and it's been weeks. i love this game. 10/10. they mix it up every go, and it's fun to learn the controls of each new character.. the goals are achievable and it's just simply addictive.
thomas orrock : i'd like the option to pay for an ad-free version of this game.
charis marangos : nice looking game, but the controls are often laggy and unresponsive (jumping might take a second or two to register, which is often fatal in this game), making this unplayable.
mohammed akram : easy to play, addictive and to top it off its has some great graphics to keep you hooked on to it.
a google user : amazing game with even more amazing graphics. this game deserves the editors choice! thanks noodlecake studios for making it free.
denny thomas : oh my god!! i love this game. while downloading, i thought its just an average game. but it is an awesome game. a simple game but excellent graphics, background score and sound effects makes it more beautiful. try it.
joshua hall : this game is just about perfect. the only thing i dislike is the hover tool. it is beyond frustrating, sometimes preventing me from jumping chasms correctly or landing in front of a rock
anita banis : the graphics is good and also liked the day and night thing....but some minor glitches other than that it is great
patrick winkler : the software update just pushed through is causing phones auto rotate to go crazy.
a google user : the game looks fun and is very nicely presented but i played for twenty seconds then had to either pay with coins which i didn't have or watch a loud, brash, tacky ad which totally destroyed the mood and stopped me from playing the game. if you could restrict the ads to more appropriate points in the game, and perhaps choosing less embarrassing ones it might result in more positive reviews and fewer people uninstalling.
adam gaudet : it's an amazing game with stunning graphics and makes you feel like your on the cold mountainside
arapeles syron : the game is good and addictive also the graphics is cool, and the sound is very relaxing to.. i only give it a 4 star because when the screen is not being touch for a long time it turns off and it's very annoying! hope you fix it! thanks
monica sanchez : the llamas are cute, the graphics are amazing for a mobile game, and the gameplay is really great, if a little frustrating at times. though the nice music and beautiful day changes keep me sucked in. the lighting in this is gorgeous, sooo pretty.
it's_zo : i really like the weather changing thing and its not laggy too :)
pratik jain : ok so now suddenly after playing this game for so many months i dislike it because it happens quite a few times that while i am near a chasm my speed decreases drastically and thus i am unable to make the jump. please fix this issue fast
rondeau hall : lots of fun. simple. achievable goals. doesn't press you to buy things. adds aren't intrusive. could improve on the overall plot and maybe bring more story into it. thank you for this game.
manish suvedi : this game has some very amazing visuals details and sounds, a nice game play almost make me feel like i am there skiing.
seontonppa : the game can be sometimes too dark, as mentioned in other reviews. also progressing without paying or watching ads is a bit too slow.
nicholas levi : i fell in love with it this game speaks to me... the music the player the challenges ... i love playing it while i'm high
brianna : love it! it'd be awesome if they made more games like this. and be advised, this game tends to lag.
arvind yadav : what does proximity wingsuit fly mean. how do we perform this task. anyone. pls provide some hint on this, makers of alto.
toni mancheski : great design and graphics, spent hours of playing. ..but what after you complete all the goals? i've upgraded everything and completed all the goals and i want more. ..but there is no more progress. you guys at noodlecake should consider for alto's adventure 2 :)
fiona jahan : with this music playing, i feel like i'm on mountain enjoying nature. after long time i found a nice game to play
mishayne farnsworth : right after i did the latest update, it started crashing after the ads for me ):
mick grealy : fantastic game. i have nearly 100% all achievements and have to say it's one of the best mobile games i've played
that volvo guy : simple controls very colorful day and night durations and i love the animations. one of the best by far! multiplayer would be a nice touch tho
mrutyunjaya jena : the game is entertaining. graphics is also cool. the only annoying thing is the ads that come. there is no way to get past it. will give it a 5 star if it get fixed.
giri septiaji : i love thia game, it can take away my stress from working on deadlines
jed aureus gonzales : amazing visuals and innovative gameplay. it does more with less. however, the nighttime transitions can be a bit difficult on the eyes. i understand it adds a level of challenge, but it can get annoying sometimes.
malik : this game is done very well, i enjoy every aspect of it, with the cinematographic landscapes in the background to the beautiful art style, i just only wish this game has multiplayer as an option
travis wilson : it's a beautiful game, but it feels a bit sluggish, and the few upgrades available don't do anything meaningful to make me want to keep playing. underneath the beauty, it's a below average game.
mark julius fajardo : this is the most beautiful game so far, it's very simple and very adventurous game, although sometimes it's boring but when you totally fell to this game you are become a fan, lover, and addicted to this game, i love how this game makes us really simple, at yung graphics nang game ang ganda and the mission is so madali and yung mga characters are very awesome
stephen : both compliments each other. i don't like endless runners but this game made me play for at least 20 mins a day. 5/5
h f : nice but night is way too dark, it's barely playable. a possibility to turn it off would be great.
vedank bhatnagar : i so love this game. great music and gameplay. if someone ask me what is the best game in playstore, well this is the game forward me. very well. i would recommend it to everyone.
vinayak : this game is so awesome and very addictive. i've played all day. but. the objectives they're asking in some levels is too hard to handle some times and women characters are able to backflip twice than male. howz that....
vineet gupta : i recently downloaded the game and it has already become my all tym favorite game. i am about to complete the game but i will reinstall it and play it again and again.hats off to the makers of this game
angelita serrano : really love the visuals and the addictiveness of this game. it's simply but so pleasing to look at and easy to enjoy, and instead of being a frustrating platformer this one was actually quite relaxing.
parker theisen : you would think that riding down an extreme mountain while doing backflips with llamas wouldn't make for a fun game. oh wait, it makes for an amazing game!
vivek raju : one of the best and simplest games! nowadays most games try to look cool by adding many levels of sophistication and its getting redundant. alto is unique in that way.
rongmi terang : good game play, challenging task, good graphics with relaxing background music. getting addicted to it.
erin smith : this game is pretty much perfect, i just have problems activating the wingsuit- it would help to have a tutorial for that i think.
clash of plans -aa : why does this troubles with touch. after playing like 4 rounds i try to jump and it doesn't work, fix this fast
saurabh chaudhary : it's still faulty there is no tutorial about jumping over caves. and there is no trick to speed up your self.. that can help to jump long.
hasegawa taizou : an issue hope alto developers team to fix, that is keep the screen donot sleep when play, many people feel uncomfortable with it.
a google user : i absolutely love it,, but if there was one thing, i would like yo see different worlds you can unlock and travel to. other than that amazing game! can't stop playing!
faikar razzaq : simple yet addictive game that wouldn't grab your focus on task. no bullshit iap's system to progress.
akshay lakkundi : was searching for some games that weren't too difficult nor too easy, this is a perfect blend of difficulty, plus the background scenes add the vibes, which make it even more pleasing!
kevin peter : this is one of the best endless runner games out there as of now. the graphics of this game are very pleasing to the eye. the scenery, graphics, and the soothing soundtrack just adds to the beauty of the game !
nik fahmi : i've my phone reformatted, and when i reinstall this game, it don't sync my previous achievment. now i have to play from the start again. super sucks.
andrew : this is an incredible game! very addictive despite the simple nature of the game. it feels like you are skiing through a child's picture book.
no body : the game is beautiful, is legitimately fun, and doesn't treat you like a fool. the point of the game seems to just be having fun, and it is.
darwin : it's super dark in the night and why does the wingsuit cost so much money ......its not that easy to get coins you know
asmita sharma : game is good but the levels go quite hard to finish....great game to play for free
ceallach : the game play is fun and well generated. the music is very melodic and relaxing. the graphics are truly excellent. the game just looks fantastic, absolute pleasure to play.
nick great : this game is amazing and can't stop playing, it would be better if there were some sort of jetpack.
kuroh nuinui : the game is fun especially the art although the one thing i hate most is no matter how fast you are the elder can catch you...
joel smedley : the gameplay is okay, entertaining enough but nothing revolutionary. still plays very smoothly though. the art style is great and the game is beautiful, especially at night.
thor dovahkiin : i absolutely love this game. it's beautiful and smooth. it's simple controls make it great for wasting time. 5 stars
sir cumsized : the music while we are skating, is so blending. 5/5 for great android game like this
nick smith : this game is amazingly decent and makes me feel so relaxed everytime i play this game. this game will surely lighten up anyone's mood without any hyperactive graphics and aggressive game play.
a google user : great visuals and fun game but a few glitches and short comings prevent it from being 5 stars. the game lags and stutters a fair bit which becomes especially evident as you continue playing. occasionally it will also stop picking up taps on the screen in order to make the characters jump. secondly, though the weather transitions are nice the land scape never really changes which gets quite boring. finally , it simply takes too long to restart the game after a fall, should be instant !
ghanendra singh : with beautiful visuals and nice music, this is an interesting game which will delight you, but after crossing several levels it gets boring. the challenges need to be more interesting. also sites/arena should change more.
eureze : i love the graphic, the gameplay is very nice too. all aspects of this game is well design. when the night-time, this game become more challenging.
mary margaret healy : i love this game and play it obsessively, but oh man, last night, i was on level 52, and when i turned it on today, i was back at level 1! i don't know if it's a bug in a recent update or something wrong with my phone. i can see my high scores and google play achievements, but i am still on level one in the game. help!
gamith silva : been playing it for a few weeks now and it works without any glitches. the artwork is spectacularly beautiful and so is the in game music and sounds. 10/10
marcos pereira : at first i thought it was just another snowboarding game but the gameplay and graphics make you addicted. great game!
josiah stewart : my only problem with this is its slight lack of responsiveness. sometimes the avatar doesn't jump exactly when you tap the screen.
rafi abbel : alot like ski safari, but in a less boring way. nice scoring
joe jackson : the art style is flawess and pleasant everytime. chasing lamas never gets old. the music and atmosphere is so relaxing. this game is excellent. the only improvement that could be made is more power ups and different maps
muhammed shamaz p : loved everything,nitro option could be added so that while jumping we can get some boost.rest everything is awesome....
clive gorman : your enjoyment of the game is seriously curtailed by the persistent ads.
chris stone : adverts are not forced on you every other materials minute and for a free game, that's a big difference. really fun time waster, challenges, unlockable characters, randomly generated levels, beautifully animated scenery. roll on the sequel.
sruti prathivadhi : great graphics, smooth controls, cool characters. overall, very entertaining. probably the best visuals in a game i've seen yet.
jaco bronkhorst : basically a snowboarding platformer game inspired heavily by temple run's progression style, with character and perks unlocking system. incredible replay value. ambient music which doesn't get old. beautiful day/night cycles, although night cycle is too dark for outdoor play. very enjoyable overall
kestrel 2044 : the game it self is beautiful but just one thing the motherf***ing elders
raghukiran batchu : this game have best graphics and awesome scenery's but no new vehicles or costumes it has less powerups feels like a routine game plz add new upgrades to game
fayez malik : this has to be one or the best games i've ever played on my phone. the graphics are seamless and the idea is brilliant. plus the controls are so simple
itachi uchiha : i realy love this game is soo relaxfull it's make me feel like i am skiting in the alpes mountains of switzerland and the weather soo relaxfull and the music too irealy like this game it's make soo happy thank you noodlecake studios inc
ziaul haque : i don't play a lot of games. but this game is really really addictive. it's stealing my time -_-
somdeepa das : i am addicted to this game! love the concept, the design and the gameplay! i just wish there were more kinds of tricks. otherwise it's a brilliant game.
isaac ambs : this game is simply beautiful the music and the overall art of the game is stunning the best in my opinion of any phone app i've seen. to add to this the game is also very fun and enjoyable to play.
david : thoroughly enjoyed playing this. alto's adventure is like an updated better programmed and beautiful version of those classic online flash games. great atmosphere, very good music and i really appreciate the lack of obnoxious ads.
brendan fernandes : one of the best endless run games i've ever played. nice graphics, music, game play coupled with some interesting missions without putting a load on the phone's ram
jennifer decuir : out on the first chasm. when i fell in, and the game kept waiting for me to try again... from inside the chasm. uninstalled
haroon fareed : one of best games i have ever played. please add a multiplayer option in the game so that many friends race together.
screenname : pros-great music fun interesting game play good aesthetic cons feather feels unnatural and weird
daniel rowe : a visually stunning game with an awesome soundtrack as well. gameplay is simplistic but effective
simon hill : great game until it updated and wiped my save data! thought i could get the game save back through signing into google play again but still no joy.
winter r : love this game's graphics and music. the whole thing is just a treat for the senses
roman iakoubtchik : i reinstalled the game on a new phone, had google play logged in on both devices.. start the game, it starts me from level 1 again.. very disappointing..
mohamed hussain : feel like always playing and also love the background. it is like 24 hour view. with thunderstorm and winterstorm.
edsel padit : great game this is the best skate game ive ever played and please add some cool staffs like colors in skate and new place thats all. :)
joshua velarde : this game makes me calm when i'm frustrated at some point. great game. :)
jonah james : this is my all time favorite app! it honestly never gets old even though the concept is simple. it's so relaxing and beautiful and the design is just fantastic. it has a very night vale-esque feel to it that i just absolutely love. am looking forward to seeing more games in this style!
lux support : the graphics,the weather changes every few minutes it tells us that it really is realistic.loving it<3.
the lightskin living lavish : one of my favorite offline games ever. its the best no doubt about it. i just wish there was a little more, idk what, but just a lil' more something.
alaukik rajpoot : why suggesting again again when i am already playing it 5th time. suggestions and notes are meant to appear maximum 3 times
peter dinklage : hey noodlecake you made a great game this is my favorite one you've made by far you should make more like it keep up the great work
joseph giordano : the first time i played this game it was on an ipad pro. this game works just as well on my nexus and, if you like skill games, you'll be hooked like i am!
a google user : graphics make it difficult to identify anything. ui guy has spoiled the a great game
imegi matthias : graphics really cool, the smoothness of this game is awesome, very cool light and whether effect, truly an adventure indeed....
snae : i only needed a day to notice the beauty of the simplicity of the design and goals of the game. it is truly one of the best momentum based games i have and will ever play. thank you.
moonbrew : great art style and menus. it is challenging. it has more content that i expected for this type of game. also very relaxing.
khaled ben mustapha : the double coin bonus is only purchasable via real money only it's a shame! never play that game again
alex shimla : very addictive game with soothing music. every time i am free even for 5 min i take out my cell phone n start playing it. 5 star to the creators of game
kusaduck : you can play this game if you're bored. pretty fun game
checho matiz : long time not enjoying a game so much, and the atmosphere that is felt in the game, that "feeling" this game have is unique. thanks for making a game so awesome and keep on good work guys.
gazi md. redwan : this is one of the best games i have ever played,really it is too simple,don't need many skills but it's loding time is quite much..try to fix that
syed zain mehmood bukhari : its just a great game. i just need one finger to tap and play unlike using both of your hands as you are fighting a war.
sanford mascarenhas : can't say it's a addictive game,but the visuals and the soundtrack makes you want to come back.
nirmal kumar : it's very good game i have ever played... so addictive and its has so much of challenging tasks to complete.
javier cuevas : the only reason why i'm not giving this five stars is because sometimes when i'm going to get a magnet or a llama horn, the app doesn't register that i took it. the app is also a little clippy sometimes. other than that, i love the game!
a google user : addictive though very calm. you can't get bored with it. most importantly is the background sound which really feels the beautiful and suits to alto's atmosphere.
yash parmar : great graphics,smooth gameplay,no lag at all,no errors while playing and the environment of game is pretty great.the transitions of weather's are pretty dope.
bill mallon : elegant graphics but overall presentation is dull. very repetitive. requires too much nuance for touch screen controls making for very clumsy game play.
michael jimenez : the game is minimalistic and clean. scenery is always a little different. love the music and concept. the ads are also well done and not overbearing.
kazeblue : very well done and put together! love the graphics and effects. the art style as well is beautiful. the music is very pretty too and goes well with the theme of the game. nicely done.^.^
bruno garcia : a very inspired creation. could use a little bit more story, appart from alto, the characters become unrelatable. but in whole a beautiful and simple game, very relaxing.
ariel garcia : i can just lay back and calm down whenever im playing this game, the sunsets i enjoy and the music combines with the vissuals which results in just enjoyment.
rebecca jones : very fun game, but stop changing the times of day so fast. players can't see rocks at night which causes you to keep starting the game over.
ryan blood : this game is so simple yet complex combined with beautiful artwork and perfectly fitting music. it takes me back to my childhood sitting inside on a cold snowy day!
billiam esquire : alto is a perfect example of how a wonderful art style and beautiful music can make a good game great. it plays smoothly, looks great and is very calming. recommendations to earn 5 stars, 1: an option to swap the side of the wingsuit button. 2: the ability to change the time of day before you start a run.
lorenzo martinez : great game and beutiful music, but even though the music is great i like listening to my own music and the ability not to mute the sound was a minor turnoff
matthew mccune : this game is absolutely stunning and amazingly easy to learn. not only that, but no forced full screen video ads!
ude okoro : this game is awesome! can't wait to see the new update for zen mode and photo mode
chase willden : whoever were the programmers for this app did an exceptional job. the graphics are smooth and impressive, the concept is fun. impressive, nice job.
vasu c : i have completed all the 60 levels in the game. are you adding additional levels are not.i am eagerly waiting.thankyou,team alto.please reply.
keyur thakar : must install....best time pass and relaxing one. music and graphics are also awesome. most important thing is no any annoying advertisement.
giselle dediego : would love to see different versions. like skateboarding or surfing! very cool graphics and i love the day/night cycle.
david berger : great game, very simple but also tremendously engaging. something you can easily put away after 30 seconds, or keep at it for 30 minutes. double bonus for having an in-game purchase, but not making the game require it.
pratheerth padman : deserves every one of these 5 stars. utterly gorgeous scenery and good music to boot.
belladonnichazeyjane : i find it so relaxing to play and the graphics are beautiful really. as simple or as challenging as you want it to be. one of my favourite games:)
timothy janssen : this is a great game that i look forward to playing. the levels give you something to work toward without having to buy anything. they are also easy enough to achieve, but still make you work for them. all in all this is the best game i have downloaded yet!!
joshua sharba : chill game with amazing graphics and music. pretty perfect if the goal is to kill time
jreagan : the game was fun until the recent update. now all my progress is gone and there is a horrible lag on the game controls. well done devs. well done!
andrea cittadini : thx for this game i'm really amused guys cant stop playin it
prawesh rajkarnikar : screen goes to sleep during gameplay, need to keep adding touch input at times which disturbs the gameplay, please fix
manoj kumar kocharla : its just an awesome game that i've ever played. pretty cool, lovely graphics and musics included. giving so much of fun to play without pause. cool app. thanks for giving such a beautiful game like this. i just love this one. playing in season wise themes is a coolest highlight of this game. best game for people who looks for coolest games.
diy time : i've played this game some were else and it was great so i tried to download it to only it doesn't seem to be working plz fix this and it will be 5 star
chris b : this is how mobile games should be. a focus on a simple concept with solid fun game play. all the unlockables can be unlocked through game play and the ads are optional. a truly perfect free mobile game.
vaibhav kumar : the game runs well on my device , noodlecake has improved a lot in game development
cc lee : every crash requires you to start over, unless you are willing to watch endless video ads
jatin shilen : very addictive and visually nice game. cant believe this much fun in a game
of so small size.two thumbs up to developer.
dan miller : great game, good graphics, etc but i recently changed phones and had everything saved to my google account. had 3 characters unlocked and lost it all. very unfortunate
j ballew : had to factory restore phone and google play data was not restored after logging back in.
khznm 21 : it is a challenging game but it would be better if we could even change the skateboard with the player. i hope this feature could be added in along an update.;)
xcronih : one of the best indie games out there which provides simple yet challenging gameplay. this one is a must.
santiago montoya : this game has gorgeus art, it is fun, relaxing,even though i tend to uninstall games it hasnt happened with this one.
sara wardell : love the graphics. the llamas are totes sweet. it's very similar to the adventure time game ski safari.
corey austin : i enjoy the game a lot, but your "watch video" option for reviving is buggy, and crashes roughly 9 times out of 10.
firstyannisa riefqia : the graphic is such an eye-candy. great sound effect and background music is a pleasure for both day and night. well designed and mature concept!
chad radatz : great game to relax. a little challenging, just enough to keep you intertained but not so hard that you get annoyed.
emily marie : so addicting also u should be able to change alto that would be cool. also great graphics
zappy das : best game in playstore i loved it.all games of noodlecakes are always the best.i would highly be obliged if noodlecakes reply to my comment.jst lovd it.became a jabra fan
gimeno matt : so fun when im high i play this game and damn im so very entertained! love it!
evan wilson : its really pretty, a lot of fun, and so quick to load and play i can play it anywhere! easily one of the best games available on a mobile platform. it's mobile gaming done right.
balaji dhandapani : since the last update. when it resets after a fall. the control doesn't work. the character just slides till it hits a rock. and it doesn't work till i force stop the app and reopen
l. bryant : i love this game. it's even better when played on a large screen. the
graphics and sounds are both beautiful and relaxing. i'd honestly play it
forever. great time killer.
fadzrin iszwan : simple gameplay , nice artistic graphics , but repetitive . the missions are the same , there's no story about the character.
sheila amolo : definitely the best visuals on a mobile game. i love how the background is constantly changing. it really gives the game a true sense of adventure. beautiful. overall, a great game.
maryam wakili : however one advert (gumball drop or something like it)in particular causes a blackout and can't access the game play without restarting.
nitin charles : latest update wiped my save. i had unlocked and played the game far too long to start from the beginning. please help!! great game otherwise. fix and i'll give 5 stars.
lucas bertoia : i don't even care about the ads. the cloud sync option is not functional. i have a new phone now and nothing transfers over through google play. it still lets me observe my old high score and achievements though - just as a kick-me-while-i'm-down before i uninstall it for good.
hdtv : i really don't play cell phones games but this one has me hooked....really good game
aron ludwinski : there really isn't much to say. i have played many other 2 dimensional infinite running games and have never been this addicted to one before. the game design, graphics, and music all mold together into an amazing experience like none other.
adithya s : awesome game..just couldn't stop playing it..the music and the background weather changes are pretty much to watch for.
kenneth manuel : delightful graphics in a simple yet addictive gameplay. audiovisual feast throughout. we need more upgrades though. :-) cheers to the devs.
huzaifa rounak : the iphone's version of the game has new gadgets and everything.please update it.
emma rose : really beautiful and imersive game! but would be better with more tricks and things to buy like costumes. overall great game though
anand l : the music be soothing and the visuals are clean! but the night is so dark :( please fix that.
michaela belle : only request i have is that the night time scenes be a little brighter. i understand that it's supposed to be dark because it's night, but it's really difficult to see where i'm going at some points. love everything else!! beautifully illustrated
chris craig : this gage gets all the stress and the other things that bother you
kaustav gohain : music is awesome and even the game controls.. 5 rating boss. no bugs..good game
john ryan : i didn't know a game like this could be so good. recommend
patrick merry : the game is fun but some of the challenges are almost imposible to get because the conditions you need to meet won't show up in the run
jere zosene mabelin : its so addicting. i've been playing until my eyes hurt and my battery drained.
sol invictus : from shooting stars to running lhamas, the game offers amazing world. the weather hues are lovely. it looks professional and is very well crafted. i'd have gladly paid for it, and it is free to play. loving it.
marshall mamahit : it would be nice if you could add new moves and more relaxing music. change the music after we loose one run .
raj shankar shukla : this game is just wonderful. i never feel bore when i play this game. just one thing is that can you please add some more powerups.
a google user : i loved it, the ui team have done a tremendous job, lovely graphics and soothing music. i would suggest for more random mind refreshing scenery's(game background). keep up the good work team :)
roy strattman : every time you get killed, you have to watch a 30-second video to come back, and this happens like every 30 seconds. i uninstalled it after 5 minutes of play
manny : this is an incredibly addicting and fun game, the challenges are exciting.
danny scott : part of the game you need to collect 'powerups' but there is nothing to tell/warn you where the 'powerup' is and if you miss it there is no telling when/where/if there is another one
alex vogel : love this game, i have downloaded it over a 100 times, i will never get bored of it, great sound, great graphics....looking forward to a sequel
subhrajit chaudhuri : the game has an calming effect. the animation, music is just right for it.
minie da : i cant get my level up 99% because of the graphic. who can pay attention to the rocks when the view is too beautiful. in love with this game
mitchell kowalski : it's a decent game, needs more upgrades. such as new snow boards, new characters, skies, upgrades in speed and flipping abilities would be appreciated. there's not enough to buy, items that are there to begin with aren't worth buying.
bily veyan : at first is great but you only have to press to jump and do one single trick nothing else i literally didn't touch the screen for like 10 seg and it was alright.
zarar azmat : none like this ever played. such beautiful graphics. found this game addicted.
josh levinson : simple, but fun, beautiful and very addictive game. it's actually quite relaxing to play, and an awesome time killer.
zayd noor : my new favourite, thanks to you guys. but only handful of characters ? but that's just me. don't want this turning into a jetpack joyride, so thumbs up already !!
james finch : love the game but i wish you could flip both front and back. that would really make the game better.
andrew graver : very immerse game. stunning sound. quite challenging. really enjoyable to just chill and play
winhelm : great gameplay, realistic rain and thunders, amazing soundtrack 5 stars!
amr ragab : great graphics, concept and music but it's so hard to play. i'm in level 5 and it's so fast can't see the rocks, have a problem in the setting panel too. thanks
vinay s : great graphics. very beautiful and immersive music. love the way the day keeps changing from sunrise to night and back.
krasimir t. : very difficult when it is night in the game and bright where you play. i couldn't see the rocks and jumps. and since the day/night cycle can't be turned off in this version, it is unplayable for me.
suranjan bandopadhyay : the detailing provided for the change in timeline and weather is one phenomenal job for a game this size. love the simplicity and elegance.
jennifer jason : the animation, the music, the game play, the different characters with different traits, and the achievements are all perfect! i rarely play any other cell phone game.
ivee dc : i never thought i would be interested in a game about catching llamas. but the graphics is good and the background music gives off a relaxing vibe. wish there are more characters to unlock? 5 stars and for you guys!
fatima a. : i love this game although lately some bug makes the "watch a video" button fail to respond after being tapped (the button animates but the timer doesn't stop), which is a bummer. i hope this bug gets fixed soon.
mayur waghmare : never thought that playing game could be so peaceful.developers deserves respect :)
alan shaw : i've played the hell out of this. its nuanced, rewards experimentation and has a terrific progression curve. but also you can drop in and out of it. top marks
brandon blankenship : each character brings their own unique twist on gameplay, i wish their was more content, but for a game that is free this is perfect.
anshul singh : this game is perfect to play in your breaks, involves one hand play, great background score, realistic sound effects.
sydney vlogs s : after training, constant nag to continue by watching 3 videos (500 coins each for 1500) needed to resume?! rather play granny smith = same but better.
kaitlyn szymanowicz : i download this app and i loved it the first time played it.... i told my friend to download this and she loved it as well. thank you so much for making this game
f - : i wish there were more challenges than just an old man chasing me. can you something more challenging...
a google user : i really love that game, but the fact that i'm not able to synchronise my progress between various devices is just sad. i don't want to start the game every single time from level one on every single device that i've got.
terra williams : i'd rather tongue punch someone's fart box then play this again
erik sala : after my phone updated to android 6.0, all my progress was lost. i am now back from the start when i have already unlocked the llama. i can see that my achievements in google play is still there.
brian valdes : game was fun and had great graphics. a simple and addictive concept gave me 2 weeks of fun. it's a game i will definitely revisit from time to time.
maria thomson : love this game but unless your playing it in a dark room it can be really hard to play the night time mode as it can be far too hard to see on coming rocks and what not and when doing a flip it's hard to see if your board is right way up again before you land :( and even playing in a dark room it's still hard to see.
ian g : unique snowboarding concept and simple yet excellent gameplay. wish there was more characters and additional powerups. 2 thumbs up!
yoyo gamer : addictive and also nice excellent game.i am giving it 7star.awesome game guys okay.can u create a game in which we can make our virtual games in the app.plz and thank you.
jad masri : this is simply amazing,the views the music..everything is just perfect. great job indeed! though i'm facing a small glit h when watching an ad video,doesn't seem to always work
babatunde olajide : it's really challenging, the scenery and music are immersive. even after playing for long, i don't get bored. +10000
matias, ludwig m. : great game. great visuals and immersive gameplay. one major problem is it lags sometimes (bearable) and it heats my phone (unbearable) please do something. you'll get 10/10
utsob roy : graphics and game play is great. but screen turns off if i don't tap for a while. fix it to keep. screen always on. then it will worth 5 stars.
a google user : it isn't hard to finish, but they have added levels since i started playing. now it just takes up space.
ebrahim arif : a great game, with stunning visuals that gave me hours of fun. but now that i have unlocked tupa, i find that he never regenerates from the first chasm fall like he does in the ios version of the game. what gives?
waseem ahmad : in the application logo, alto is facing the wrong direction.
ahmad mobeen : it's an amazing game. the graphics are nice, the music fantastic and the gameplay that's challenging yet inviting. overall, a nice time killer. reminds me of another great video game called canabalt.
steve baria : another procedurally generated endless runner. a pretty one, but there is no real meat here.
anudeep sambaraju : it would better if it has level or different places after some goals. so boring to play same places over and over
john j : my only complains are: 1) "do this n times in one run" aka luck or skip missions, 2) you can jump on a "tall" rocks and crash instead of bouncing, 3)nighttime too dark and much harder than daytime, you can add something like an always day setting or something to change the brightness of night.
diego buriti araujo : the most beautiful game on google play. great graphics, great song and good to play.
michael w : i like how it's layed out. plays nice. great graphics. lots of falls and having to watch videos to continue. bummer..
b feb : love it so much, great for when i am sitting around doing nothing.
manas singh : game is really good and graphics are great but it gets auto reset after i played long enough...
solsl15sl : it's beautiful and the music relaxing. the best thing for me is that the game doesn't push a premium currency on you or spam you with pop up ads, something i greatly appreciate. great job!!
rhazes avicenna : there are some glitches that i can't tell about. need some more fixes.
alice edwardson : i love this game. the graphics are beautiful, it's easy to learn but still challenging, & each of the characters has distinct skills, adding a bit of strategy & planning to complete the in-game goals & level up.
through faith we understand : why am i so addicted to this game? everything about it is beautiful, and there are more than enough goals and rewards to keep you interested.
daniel erickson : this is beautiful game. it offers many challenges and the music and art are very beautiful. did i happen to see paul and carl in the village?
omar haddock : one of the funnest and most addictive mobile games i've ever played. the controls are very simple but that's not necessarily a bad thing when you get a lot of momentum. it's extremely fun and the music helps make the experience thrilling but also relaxing.
vaporeous : beautiful and smooth artwork, easy controls and fun to play. love that there are goals to achieve in each level. clearly a lot of love put into the game. <3
pablo dominguez : awesome indie game, great graphics and interface, easy to play and the new missions add more complexity. great game
bence fodor : exceptional graphics and music. even though it gets pretty intense and it's
90% about timing, the gameplay is so soothing that it won't get on your
nerves. and that's an achievement!
leo miller : gorgeous art style! one of the best mobile games i've played in a long time. i also have to add that the game is very polished. zero problems, runs very smoothly, 5/5.
yogesh bhende : i am addicted to this game and now with zen mode i am loving more...
rafael montoya : the art style is fascinating, the gameplay is great, and the rest is also awesome. i do have one question, though. why do the old men chase you with their whips?
trevor bain : beautiful little indy game here! simple infinite run variant, but well executed graphically/artistically, solid gameplay, and goal system that keeps progress accessible but makes you work for it! one of the very few f2p games i've considered paying for just to support the developers!
rahique : best game ever. and the sound track is magical. it makes me feel what will be the fun and peace in living at himalayas.
kolakale kolakale : sometimes i get very fast and when i flip, i fall right into a chasm. no way i could've landed.
james mcgavin : an app you can keep playing over and over again, download without delay
andrew a : sweet game especially once you unlock maya and back flip all day! i kind of wish there was a way to do some special tricks with each character or something.
mostafa khaled : can't not stop playing it really makes me get galm we i hear the music and sound of the snow thanks for this game i really enjoy it so much.
tameka byrd : really like this one.. it's a nice balance between action and relaxing.. a nice unwind game.
shane burgoyne : nice looking and sounding game, but nothing special when it comes to gameplay; character just keeps automatically moving to the right of the screen and you just tap the screen to make the character jump whenever obstacles appear.
biyans : video ad now takes about a year to load. recent update makes it even worse
lloyd sheen : restart and nothing happens. gone and forgotten
sebastian puerto : relaxing with fun challenges. the actual landscape in the game is really cool as well...
richa m : not able to see with the dark background.
jamie anthony : great game but the backflip barely ever works he goes ti turn and then just stops
marc bernard : fun until it got too dark to see anything, then it's unplayable.
atul b : on a custom rom android 6.0.1 asus zenfone 2 ze551ml. opens up the name and then doesn't go beyond a black screen after the title.
nipuna jayasekara : so many negative reviews just because ppl don't know how to play the game! lol! awesome game! keep up the good work!
ruan botha : great game and level progression, slightly stutters on lower end devices.
david hughes : played to the end then reinstalled so i can start again. good fun.
john vincent siega : a very good concept and background too i like the way you can snowboard as long as you want and do tricks and also when day and night changes love it!
jean franscois batt : you did it again noodlecake. after stickman golf i was sure my wife was going to leave me, now there is a packed bag at the door. i just can't put it down, and at night i dream of the poor lamas that i have failed to save..or are the alpacas? thanks a lot noodlecake.
z man : great graphics, great sound design. just waaaaaay to slow to progress.
sudesh r : concept is good, but need to work on graphics...
matt corby : addictive, clever characters and a great game. can feel a little repetitive occasionally if you get stuck trying to complete some goals.
daruma w : i absolutely love this game. everything from the art, design and music is stunningly gorgeous. a soothing yet addictive escape. thank you!
barry wilson : mildly fun game but you need more luck than skill to be good and complete challenges.
vincenzo : the gamplay is great, but it could have been better with more items and scenarios to unlock, imho.
m i a : it's a really amazing game to play, the graphics and the style of it is so unique and i never been bored when i played this game. everything about the game is perfect especially the music ans sounds. thank you for making such a great game possible.
a google user : great game to pass the time on the commute some flat graphics that change depending on the time of day (in game) and now the addition of cloud save to ease transfers from one device to another. definetly worth a try
glenn riley : no gameplay to speak of. same as every other ski clone. why does this silhouette look always get the ohh and ahh treatment? visually uninteresting and dull, dull, dull.
len ngullie : great tiime killer n the graphics r just wow....the thing i love about this game is the background ....loved it
ja'liaya sterns : it wouldn't let me jump anymore.
sarath p s : if you could include few tricks mid-air, it would be more fun.
andrew van lingen : what mobile games are all about. fun if you just have 5 minutes in the bathroom, but can kill hours if you're waiting in line at the traffic department.
nayeoung kim : the graphics and animation, interaction is so elegant and beautiful just that alone is enough for me to play it again and again..
rowan o'hara : definitely addicted. really beautiful graphics and streamlined gameplay. after 2-3 hours in, you kinda wish for a bit more variance in the environment. dev- perhaps different styles of buntings or villages? really love it though. thank you.
ashley17 : it would be better if there was some competition. then i would give it 5 stars
suma kumaran : the revive feature using video is very very slow after you updated to reduce data usage. also, i lost all my stats and unlocks!
jc : chill in all senses. the music is very relaxing; gameplay is simple one-finger fun that really pulls you in; and the sound and graphics are amazing - with headphones on, the ambient sounds (rain and thunder) are so immersive!
michael russo : every time i get up to speed to perform the grind on level one, it slows me down and i can't do it.
balazs marton : this game is simple, addictive and absolutley gorgeous. it has such a great atmosphere, sometimes i can't even stop playing it. probably the best looking mobile game i've ever played. alto's adventure is pure art.
gicuku karugu : the game won't let me revive my character by watching a video. otherwise it's a beautiful game.
a google user : gorgeous art, amazing graphics,simple game play, and a reccomended game for all ages. beautiful music, and really a great game in every aspect.
iown291 : this game is graphically stunning, one of the best looking games i have seen in a while. i highly recommend downloading this game to anyone who enjoys great graphics and sound
azeem zaidi : beautiful graphic style, simple gameplay, relaxing music. one of the best games of the year no doubt.
robert loncaric : very soothing and relaxing music and visuals. the game is very simple but presents enough challenge to keep it interesting.
pawe rokicki : lvl 30 to 1 in single update. pointless to play.
ficker : amazing graphics, this game is so beautiful, especially the graphics and the game runs pretty smooth. nice concept, love it.
aman hunjan : how an indie gem done right, craved for these types of games on mobile not plagued by iaps
jammersaurous psn : beautiful design, a catchy piano tune and an amazing addictive game. it's like a page out of an old german fairytale. i can't wait to see what they come out with next!!
scott pussehl : simple yet addictive gameplay. but for the life of me does anyone know what the down arrows mean if they mean anything
miguel machado : after the new update all my data was lost! i was already level 55 and now i'm level 1... and i still have the achievements but no data lol...
luluil maknuun : the graphic is mesmerizing and definitely love the soundtrack. not to mention the amazing gameplay.
halim cr : thanks for the great game. we (me and my son) enjoy it very much
aiman : game will restart when i crash and press the play video to revive button ....
zeljko jakovljevic : this game is amazing. visually stunning, interesting and maybe only game of this type (endless run) that i'll keep in phone and actually play.
salvatore diana : do something original and don't copy other's game
hammad qadeer : after we minutes it's just spinning around and dodging hurdles and nothing else
u isaacs : most relaxing game, it's sad the don't update it more often
colette de colbert : bit boring. nice graphics and music but yawn
nooder with egg : i just love it you guys are the best
adam vest : best game i've ever played.. suited my taste perfectly .. i got to level 58 and lost my progress since i ordered a new phone.. i have no regrets in getting a new phone except losing my progress in altos adventure.. beautiful game relaxing and challenging... i miss it..
tyler hubert : good game so far very addicting. one problem so far with on of the missions. i smashed 2 rocks during the same boost but it didn't register as the challenge completed.
pat reynolds : highly addictive, the short-term goals make for a very forgiving gameplay dynamic. this is something you can play for 2 minutes or 2 hours. tl;dr love it
aaron lambert : best new game i've played this year! alto's adventure is relaxing and fun. the controls are well done, and the achievements are perfect - challenging enough to require some work, but not ridiculous. the only improvement i would like to see would be to allow me to reset the achievements without losing my upgrades so i can go through and earn them again with all the characters still unlocked.
edward rata : after the update the game deleted all of my progress
ov3rload : when im connected to internet i cant do anything in the game, touching the screen is useless
zachary martinez : there's a bug in which sometimes the jump functionality doesn't work at all after tapping to start.
rahul gautam : must play game.....specially for those who get anxious a lot like me
utkarsh singh yadav : great game...love to play whenever i wanna spend tym i pick up my phone and play
evan deviliozo : this game is very great choice for killing time.
mehdi messoussi : this game has been my daily game for over a month now but it began crashing before watching an ad to gain more points or to revive the character. even with the latest update, it still crashes. awesome game nonetheless !
zarko marjanovic : alto has great graphics, its fun game to play and on top of that, it has a relaxing music so you cant go on tilt if you cant make a triple backflip with paz or something similar :) great job guys ;)
edgar edd : amazing graphics. and the ui is quite unique. 6 stars if it were possible to do so
axel duhart : also needs more content. too often nighttime. but overall a fun game
ahmad mohsen : i love it, but i have a problem, i bought the wing suit but it's not working
pranay panday : the graphics are very soothing. the music is very relaxing. the gameplay is very simple. the 2.5 d approach adds to the appeal of the ambience. one is guaranteed to have a smile on his/her face after playing this game.
lisa doan : comparing to apple stores, you have to pay to play this game, but this is free! also, it is a really addicting game that keeps you entertained for a while. try it, i guarantee you that it's a great game!
lukasz piernicki : why on earth i cannot log in with my google profile? i have to enter new one, and i won't as i am affraid it will corrupt existing one. otherwise brilliant game with awesome simple graphics.
bolvelkr : it have o good music aand gameplay combination. 5 star is enough for this game
a google user : it's pretty good graphics and decent adventurous game. hope everyone loves it. aw, the change of background due to the time is so real. nice scenery and smooth graphics.
mama mags : tried and tried, even tried the internet. i really wanted to like this game!
ayanzakwan syed : this game is good but it's a complete copy of the game ski safri
angela herebia : just not my kind of game but works well and has great graphics
hardik bhatia : giving this game 3 stars only because it has a problem that while playing this game if we are not touching the screen of phone for a time screens automatically turn off as it's not giving command of turning screen on all time when game is running otherwise game is awesome its kind of a copy of ski safari but the themes, night day effects are fabulous if the developers correct that its simply a masterpiece
chaston van der westhuizen : love him,go elders.being able to do everything from fast back flips and long shields to super speed and double jumps in one go is pretty cool.i only have bone question and that's if you probably play with alto the least and he has the worst powers why is the game named after him?
matthew edington : beautiful game with amazing ever changing scenery. the game runs very smoothly and is very entertaining. get it now jiwiwhvxnskydks
will. j-r : this game is some amazingly done! this is the best time-consuming app i have played yet! it even relax you while you play! just like "journey"
hamada emad : its an awsome game , if you keep do games with a good graphic i would play all of your games
andreas tha great : can't stop playing please update and add more features to the game!
g chang : wow that got me hooked. i get the same feelz as coasting down the mountain on a powder day. ever take a 45 min rub down the mountain and wish it could last all day? somehow alto manages to do that...
a google user : really good looking game, easy controls, compelling upgrades, rewarding challenges, interesting storyline and creative dialogue
kshitij prakhar : after opening everything appears black even the character and the rules are appearing black.
steven rosello : love the one button control. give it a few minutes and you'll be flipping and grinding in no time
cadence freeney : it was good at first until ....it wouldnt let me time my jump right so fix that bug. i was starting to like it cmon guys!
nanven yakubu : i normally dont review games, but you guys should keep on making cool games like this!!! really awesome
sam reaper : good game with good graphics and what i like the most is the gameplay and background music.sometimes i get emotional when i listen to the music because it reminds me of my finest memories
rynohardt : this game is so beautiful gorgeous there's no other words i can say
nishan ranasinghe : i used to love it until it deleted my save! i was level 39 or something! i went to play it today after a while, but it hadnt saved my stuff! :(
avi chaudhary : first it is hard to play but when you will start playing it, you will get used to it and as you will accomplish the task and more player will be added to the roster!!
afham ramli : the update doesn't fix the consistent stutters on my nexus 6p :(
john nieves : this is by far the best cellphone game i have ever played! so much fun and it's free. how the heck is it free? i'm still waiting for the catch and 2 weeks of daily game play and i am still waiting.
mike b : latest update fixed the crash, thanks guys. love this game.
dani asztalos : the sounds, the story, the graphics... everything is amazing, creating this nice atmosphere, so you won't stop playing this game.
wx : fun and single player. it does have achievements and several charaters to choose from as your lvl goes higher.
pablo cuenca : great graphics, amazing soundtrack and entertaining game.moreover,the ads are not very intrusive. keep up the good work.
chad varner : recently-developed habit of popping up an ad while gameplay is in progress, then crashing the game, has allegedly been fixed with the latest update. have your stars back, alto!
alexander supertramp : very beautiful and interesting game without any ads. 5 stars out of 5.
stoned hobo : this is a beautiful game and super fun to play. the beautiful scenery keeps you coming back for more.
james : the graphics are awesome and the gameplay,my mind is blown (good thing)
leonarch : i can't say anything from this wonderful game. too good to be true but yes this game is like a magic ;)
sarath chandran : game is good but the pop up ad is resetting the game.. really irritating
a google user : this is a awesome nd time killing game. bt i love this game.
justin villamin : i like this game. i always play it. can you pls add more power ups because that makes the game more addictive.
pekka noroma : wery nice game. only fix you could do is bright litlebit the night time. its too dark.
nauris linkevics : enjoyed playing and achievement gathering. 3 days 3 nights, mad one :)
a google user : smooth beautiful graphics, addictive gameplay, challenging goals. a++
ryan parsons aka wheelchairwunda : not a lover of this genre but this is a joy.simple beautifully drawn up and put together, completely smooth and glitch free gameplay with just enough to addictively return without even realising it on occasion
nabajit b : the graphics are awesome. concept of game play is awesome. very less and effective adds. wow.. deserves more than 5 stars..
art awitin : when i play this i got feel lonely this game is so lonely :(
arif ahmad : this game is fun. simple. and the last character is a big bonus for those who played this game to the end.
mike samuelian : very fun. would be nice if it had a little more variety or challenge, but still a very fun game.
yavor krustev : great graphics, no ads on the screen, clear menus. this game should be a role model for many others.
gael alfonso-roel : i love the graphics ad art in this game i use this game to just relax so any way , good game !
surit datta : the best endless running game. what a superb graphics and sound. different types of adventures. hats off to the maker.
lynette some : it keeps me happy all the time , and helps me to see where i am going although it is dark.
vishnu t b : i installed this game about a month back and reachd around level 37 something. i reinstall this game and i lost all my points, achievements, everything. i used to recommend this game to my friends. tell me, what should i say to them?
troy madere : i dont like that its night time sometimes and i cant see the rocks most of the time i look in front of me ahead of time and then i see myself off my board and flying face flat :/
filip ziebo : sooo pretty! great gaming experience, super addictive game play. game is to short please add more levels.
kailien singson : i love the art style and off course the game.
gautam gami : i wish i could have given it 10 stars,thanks for making such a beautiful,relaxing game.,wow!!
a b : every time i get to the chasm there is no way to make it. i restart endlessly and if i restart i have to go to beginning. not good
phyoe wai : not working anymore. please fix it.
morad suliman : freezes on the title screen on my samsung galaxy s4.
c s : if you like llamas, snow capped mountains, snowboarding, back flips, and gold coins...here you go, alto's adventure is for you.
a google user : i had to reinstal my game but ended up losing all the progress n it started from beging even after connecting with google play services, pls fix it
berdi berdiyev : good game play everyday. only issue cant perform land proximity backflip. developers can u guys help me with this task??
thendup lama : hey dev! would be more awesome if the size of of alto's body were lil more big. thnx.
eyal lewin : very fun game, not to addicting, great to pass time.
marco maleki : live the minimalist design and the objective of the game. would live to see new tricks be added in the future update.
toruzze : there is no other way to describe it the art style is wonderful, and i just love it
mohammad raihaan : i really love this game. it has such a simple concept but it is portrayed really nicely. i really the graphics mainly.
clayton builds : looks beautiful and super addictive! also theres no annoying pop up ads!
rick stoffiere : there are few games i've found that combine gorgeous graphics with great music and addictive game play. alto does! the game is easy to learn, but difficult to master. what a great concept!!!
khurram mazhar amir : except the dark and sometime unresponsive control but still a must play
nocturnal : first time giving 5 stars to a game.. very addictive and the graphic is super nice.
maria ungureanu : i would have given it 5 stars , but the night it's darker than my soul , and i don't like or trust that .
manny khan : i loved this game so much. it deserves more than 5 stars. out of all the games on my phone, this is definitely my favourite. i have 60 games on my phone
marc acri : charming setting and solid gameplay. a great way to sink ~40hrs before capping out.
sayantan das : fell in love with alto's adventure in just one round! soothing music! beautiful sounds! amazing landscapes!
michael adhi : as it stands the game is generic endless ski runner with beautiful graphics. i would like the game to have more varieties and gadget... well... like ski safari.
ki ran : really this game rocks i'm totally loved to play from two months
aftersha : this game is the best.the quality are looks better to see even the song is so relaxing.do you have a soundtrack of alto adventure?
joshua sarrosa : all i can say to the creator is great job! and continue what you're doing. this game is very addictive, well graphics and nice music background. keep it up! and create more! #rated5stars
boris borisov : the lack of ads that promp from nothing is great! i just love it how do you dont make us watch ads but we can do it for getting +1 live
ki o'rourke : no point in getting lamas. it's all about the coins. also elders need work.
nirvana hotel : horrible game cant save just horrible spent 50 bucks on cash now not there
mudasir h : great graphics & great music .very smooth and additive.need some updates add some different places and levels
happiehope : simple and easy to play on the go. alto's adventure is one of those games where it entices you to play more, it is addictive in a good way and has mastered what a "mobile game" should be. also the graphics and characters are perfect.
alpha_eus : i just feel like the game makes it hard for you to make chasm jumps
chase hansen : altos adventure is surprisingly very fun to play and i really get engrossed in the art style. a must try.
hansen jonathan : please, looks good when i play it in a low light area, but in every other area have to wait for the night cycle to finish before carrying on. please fix
brian devadason : the graphics are cool, the sound track is great and i just enjoy this one a lot.
felix bear : great overall game and quite addicting! bugs got fixed in the latest version, therefore all five stars for you guys now. :)
uh forgot : i love the whole thing with music and the story. kinda
knight : a little too much bright.. lesser gamma in the background will make it perfect to play
mike campbell : i'd like a $4 version or something so i don't have to watch ads
su heng pek : beautiful graphics and simple controls, but not so easy missions.
a google user : just awesome. graphics quality is best. mobile never gets too hot.
tom dongilla : engaging game that keeps you on your toes. challenging, entertaining, and bothers on the addictive! great support as well.
shreya prava : everything is awesome except, there is not that many upgrades
jason burks : this game is so chill... i love being able to play it wherever and it just relaxes me.
gregory fierro : only problem is it heats my phone up pretty quickly and it gets pretty hot
naveen kumar s : good graphics & nice music ,the weather conditions are awesome
nicolai marius aquilina : but mabey you can add more tricks. other than that, compleatley stunning.
ryu mura : while i'm doing a backflip in this gorgeous environment.
ibtahaj malik : it's so addicted and relax game ever. beautiful music and perfect graphics
saad a. : after couple of replays, touch stops working, find gets overheated within 15 minutes and hard to pull up the back for exit and because of the wild placement of the buttons , it requires a lotta effort to exit.
jason lednum : this is the best game i've played lately. don't change!
andrew j. : update: may 30th, it works great , fun addictive game for anyone who likes skiing or snowboarding, great graphics. this game is great needs more power ups ,works on zenfone z3580.
jorge ocampo : good graphics,sound game is very good pleasent time when playing
ankit sharma : superb graphics with easy controls , one of the best games available at play store .
vicki c. : hopefully one of you is reading and able to help. i made it to level 34 and suddenly my controls seemed to self-modify. weird! there is now a constant delay in all my moves, and it has pretty mych drained the fun out of the game for me. i keep tripping on rocks because i can't jump in time to avoid them, i can't jump high or fast enough to clear a chasm completely. and the elders keep mowing me over cuz i can't get out if the way. sucks! what the...? how in the...? why?????? help me, please.
rocio reyes : great game! ridiculously pretty graphics and music. quite entertaining.
legendary zelda : this game is absolutely amazing! the graphics, the smooth gameplay, the sound effects.. omg! the background is awesome with the rising sun and the night sky. the rainstorm is amazing with the lighting strikes. a very well done game!
matt treacy : brilliant game ! hooked on it and continue to enjoy the challenges.
a google user : i love this game! it's a masterpiece, great mechanics, gorgeous art and music. i really enjoy the challenges, level achievements, and workshop. addicting, charming, and fun!
noah hlavinka : i play this game when i'm bored or stressed and it never disappoints.
ultra's finisher : it is really good with it's little 2d things. it runs beautifully
ben scoltock : this is a great game but when ever i go past a camp and a guy in a horse comes after me, he always catches me. how do you evade him?
saumitra sankar paul : awesome scenery, soothing music but the game is somewhat confined and restricted.
soham dhuri : instead of letters some black boxes come and i cant understand it
funny toaster : it's eating your batteries so fast if you didn't realise
benjamin dezman : this game is very well made, it has very good environment, awsome graphics and a simple concept. it's very addictive. however it's still 10/10 (save money for that wingsuit- it's soo fricking op).
086 shardul khante : if u liked temple run 2 but now r bored with it, this is a gr8 replacement.
joshua novak : beautiful but simplistic art style and a fun game that makes you want to play more. my only criticism is i desire another air trick besides a backflip.
rafael giron-cortes : it's fun & great to look at while playing especially at sunset & night time.
omar wahab : has bad issues with resetting data after updates
paul sarun : well crafted game, and everything done right from art to sound to game play. kudos
josh andrei c. corbita : i just downloaded this game too have fun and i found out im stuck with this stupid tutorial! where's the settings?!
andy b. : please fix
peter weber : one of the best mobile games i've played in a long time
joao aguiar : right after the game logo appears, the application closes.
omkar pandit : zen mode is best. best headphone effects of any games 1 played
roy creations : fun game for acrade go ahead an enjoy stay last longer
john hunt : i can't get past the tutorial. everytime it asks me to jump it lets me but when it asks to hold to do a backfill it does nothing, i'm just stuck in a loop because i can't backflip. help?
fleurdelisxliv : this game looks so sick! must have for me
ryan hill : please add a way for control of the wingsuit when using the nvidia shield tv remote control.
daniel burkey : great game but when it gets dark in the game its virtually impossible to see please fix
empress carrot : love the scenery and the gameplay. i just can't get a grasp of the wingsuit though
bob bayley : amazing art sound track atmosphere graphics are amazing cartoon mixed with realistic anglosphere and very. challenging
saikat mondal : the minimalistic art, weather effect, and the soothing soundtrack... just wow :)
melissa kissinger : very addicting. nicely done graphics for the speed of the screen. love the option to continue with coins!, or video. also i enjoy the sound/music it's a nice touch to a great game!
ahedf fares : loved it like life . beautiful beautiful , adorable .
nezcal spindrake : i love this game, but i can't figure out why sometimes my taps to jump are ignored, causing me to hit a rock and end a run.
krish jogani : it is very good and hard game. amazing challenges
rafiqi haqimi : what the hell! you call this a game! this is not a game at all this is a adventure
javier moran : solid gameplay. really good aesthetics and as if that wasn't enough it doesn't force micro transactions. i'm glad to play ads to help them. i encourage everybody to support this kind of apps! good job!
adeel assadi : very nice and detailed game i had ever played on android... good graphics relaxing music and excellent concept
rihan c. : good simple animation and graphics... fun gameplay with challenging goals to complete. no pop-up ads or any ads filling the screen....only ads if you chose to revive your player.
onkar birajdar : simple and exciting game, awesome material design, amazing music. great job.
muhammad zaka-ud-din : i'm giving it four stars only due its awesome graphics otherwise its lame
kiran m : i love this game somuch. its really unique and a best way to relax and play.my best score is 123000
hamzeh aladwan : the best game you may download on your android but unluckly you have to purchase it from the "app store".
aidan borgeson : super fun and tight gameplay with great art style and great lighting effects
bilal hoss : wish the air time can be included in the score count. it would be more interesting.
sofia snell : i love this game i could play it all day it doesnt take so much storage on my phone and there is no adds or lag!
traci pierce : i get lost in this surreal world with calming music, beautiful graphics and the simplicity of it!!
tiffani brown : it's such a beautiful game. in surprised at how relaxing it is. such a simple concept. well done!
viral sharma : love the sound effects and generally the whole game...
andres vargas : i thought i would be another crappy game. then i was.amused of everything: graphics, sound, mechanics, logic.... if you are tempted ... go for it. you won't regret it.
jai beniwal : dowloaded it second time to complete all the challenges. love this game.
hasan osman : very good game, nice.grap, music and runs smoothly, however i have one problem which is.the rock! i just cant see it!! or hard to be noticed can u please make it more noticeable
kaitlyn argyle : this game is not only fun but has the best graphics and most peaceful music ever!
mersad ghadiri : the graphic is just amazing. smooth gameplay and nice soundtrack. it's an art not just a game
sabeliwe radebe : love the game but the sunset and night scene are just killing my eye sight , wish i had an option to stick to day only
imran siddique bhunnoo : finally a game that feels unique and is beautiful on the app store. 5+ definitely, wonderful game.
ellie potter : let me start off by pointing out what makes this game my go to. the game records stats of gameplay within the settings page. gotta love those stats. more importantly there are no ads, the only time you can watch an ad is for optional gain. also, there is not over ruler currancy. there's only one type of currancy, which is obtained in a multiple range of ways. the sounds and graphics are amazing, and even run smooth on an old phone like mine. great game, going to be playing for hours.
shashwat rohilla : such an addictive and peaceful game. they have created a beautiful environment with just simple objects.
hugo boshoff : add support for the samsung galaxy note 4 spen. then you will get 5 stars
phillip royle : this game is so much fun, i don't really know why. but it is. and beautiful. also no ads!! and beautiful!
a google user : very fun and awesome game, now with google cloud save you can sync across devices, loved it!
sourav sarkar : i never saw such a simple yet beautiful game before!! i hit the ground many times because i was looking the sky rather than playing. its amazing!! well done guys!!
adam p : i can't get the llama person the challenges are too hard
ryan wood : pauses music for adds, adds come in the middle of runs.
bhavika chauhan : it is a beautiful game, let us buy the game instead of that many ads. one star less only coz of the ads.
archerycraft 17 : i love this game more than anything else i havre
joshua dagami : just from the graphics, you guys really done i great job! lookin forward for more updates!! keep it up
mac wilson : this game is great! it looks beautiful, the music is great and the gameplay is smooth, yes its hard but where's the fun in an easy game? ;)
bristol brstl : i love it. the sound, the art, even the game even i always hitting on the rock
lance cydel tangcalagan : i really like the game but i hope that in the new update the stones are much more visible
james dougan : i cannot see my stats or settings please fix then i will give it five stars
soham hazra : if you like snowboarding, a peaceful and serene mountain landscape, llamas, mystical dynamic lighting and weather system, while you perform tricks with your trusty snowboard at high speeds.... this game is for you
7enty7 : luv it.. but i completed all the goals & i lost interest to play... please add more goals if possible...in future update....
dan lantagne : i initially downloaded this app back in march, 2016 & after multiple times downloading and it crashing after the welcoming screen, i have up! since i've heard some good things about this app, and seeing that there's been some updates, i figured that i would try it again, but to only once again, be completely disappointed. it again crashed after welcome screen and said, unfortunately, alto shut down.....i'm done.......
luc gagnon : beautiful, simple, addictive fun missions. free and not a single forced publicity in your face. paid for the double coins at level 46 only to thank the development team. i enjoy this game a lot!
dan schlimme : nice game, very addicting but i think there are some parts not available for android
boi bunot : its awesome and this is the only game that is very relaxing i'll give 5s good job!!
chmltn : i would love to see more characters and gadgets appear in izels workshop.
ruben iii pulumbarit : 3 times i've tried but keeps on crashing.
gabriel huinquez : not my favorite game to play but it looks great it's just kind of boring it's the same concept
your english teacher : best game i ever played ...so simple and addictive with awesome outstanding graphics
leslie conopo : its playing up make a mistake it's back to the start beautiful game
blob bubba : amazing and fluid, can't stop playing just a relaxing and calm game
daniel kalinin : one of the few endless runners i really enjoyed, especially at night time in bed.
stephen van buren : all-around phenomenal game! it has everything you'd want: beautiful art style, perfectly matching music, tight and intriguing gameplay, and unlockables that are fun (and challenging) to get, but also rewarding. there really is no game like this. it also has something many games lack: enough variety to keep you coming back. and if all this isn't enough, it's free and has minimal ads. do yourself a favor and download this game!
james walde : a good game to satisfy your needs with cool stunts and tricks. my only opinion of downsides is that it's a little slow to level up at times. enjoy!!!!
kevin fatih ismail : i have nothing to say, it's perfect! i just wish that you could make more games like this.
eldin glova : good, but night mode sucks, it's impossible to see anything. remove it or make it atleast user removable.
aj vlogs and media abhijithsajay : i loved it but my battery is draining fast.....other than no prblm
sir u.s : super simple, super fun. includes many "why did i do that?" and "i got too cocky" moments, and awesome "holy hell, that combo was sick!" and "omg, that was so cool!" moments. definitely worth a play if you want to chill. the soundtrack is great, too. i'd give it a 6/5 if i could.
b tx : i enjoy the graphics. but i don't know how to jump over the elders lol
dennis maganda : addicting and fun, i always take turns playing it with my lil bro!
eddy phalen : this game is very well made and decorated so i'm going to give this 5 stars
ray lee : just finished this game and i don't know what to do with my life anymore.
praveen kimi : best game for time pass & kinda addictive
meek ereno : beautiful graphics, awesome music, and fun levels are combined to create such a fun game.
morris the actor doin' actor stuff : very trippy game, good music and graphics suggested mostly for stoners
vinitha n : the best game.. quite addictive and the low poly background is making it more interesting :)
lance swan : don't you hesitate to download this game. this is fantastic!
patrick galindo : wasted my time with slow tricks. you die every 10 seconds...
manager : don't work for me the guy on the snowboard won't jump for me
alfredo ruiz : i've played this at stores and to me it's a pretty good game and the music is relaxing.
balint hudak : one of the most beautiful minaimalistic games i've ever seen.
looted gravel : one of the best games i've seen in a while.
a google user : great game to play.. thanx for fixing crashing after advertisement bug.
augusto : catch llamas when hovering if we are hovering? everytime i try i end up getting past the llama without catching it!
op units : its a great game but it would get better if u add a front flip feature.....click on left side back flip and on right front flip..that would be great
aysha hanif : this is the most beautiful game i've ever played. definitely a must have
tyler : most fun i've ever had in a phone game!
shubham goel : the game is awesome with relishing graphics and addictive gameplay. really, loved it. thumbs up!!
david : best game ever much better than that stupid game clash royal :)
ozan durmus : dunno why but i cant jump. can touch every button in game but not working for jumping
anirudh nair : obstructions can't be seen in night time
isa dora : congratulations to the team! i love everything about this game: the concept, design, music, sounds, gameplay. it really is a great game! edit: they are very efficient on fixing bugs!
naveen garg : this game is amazing. i use to sound wooo huuu at each backflip
wesley bliss : very well developed, consistently playable, and really nice visuals!
arie aria : maybe adding slow-mo / focus time with a little mini game to pull a trick sequence.
marco w. camargo : can't stop playing! the best game i've played in 2016!
benjamin cowe : this is an amazing game and is addictive for all the right reasons
jacie hudgins : this app is so good it is challenging i play it all the time!!!
tyler giesbrecht : great graphics and music. super relaxing but also challenging.
arni sebi : best game to pass the time.. no annoying ads.. relaxing music score...enjoyable tasks and gorgeous scenery.. what more can you ask for!
marno naude : seems like a fun game. think i hit a glitch though, can't seem to jump again after pausing the game :(. plz patch? <3
tom eats the sky : the only reason this isn't 5 stars is it takes a while to start
wade freeman : i've payed for upgrades, unlocked almost all of the riders and when i got a new phone it shows that i have achieved those rewards... but doesn't let me actually reap the benefits of them on this new device?
vera van wolferen : i just completed the game, which feels bittersweet! this game is amazing and beautiful, i recommend it to everyone! thanks for this gem of a game. :)
e.t. teoh : a great example of stunning graphics, addictive playability and beautiful soundtrack / audio in one package. an excellent game done right! kudos folks!
frosted beats : game is unique and it's a one of a kind "runner" in my opinion, good graphics, simple gameplay.
rowan buys : this game just makes you feel relaxed and calms you down! the music, setting and the gameplay itself is just amazing! job well done!
iris 'u' : i love the game. the art is amazing and the graphics are as well. i love the music and the game play is quite addictive. have fun!
a google user : soundtrack is perfect...game is little repetitive but it's very relaxing!
michelle nunez : i recommend you play this game because i have good graphics and it's a beautiful game that relaxes you and whenever you need
jim rand : i must be doing something wrong, but i can't make the chasm in the tutorial. i've tried 50 times! driving me mental.
khizar elahi : this game releases your whole day stress and tension...... try it!
jerome bautista : i spend most of my gaming here in alto!
brandon white : love the artwork put into this game. really makes this game so much better!
berny hilario : i love the game graphics and its performance is great.overall its s fantastic game.
ornella cabrera : doesn't over heat my phone. the graphics are really good, it's really enjoyable.
billy kenawat : wooow this games is amazing! i'm so crazzy in love with this game!
tom knox : good little relaxing game. challenging without being frustrating
ali magsi : 2 b honest
jed gordon : it was well built and it was fun and i will recommend it to another people.
q'juan curtis : i love it! looks and plays amazing. the music goes along great with the game play. i hope they make another one soon. with more levels and character! great game!
naushad ahmed : love the feel of the game, the stunts, the objectives and different characters.... an excellent game to stay engaged in!
antonio jones : very beautiful game and very easy to get into.
caleb welp : excellent visuals and game play, although frequent glitches (non responsive to jump commands, random flipping, going through coins, ect) make it frustrating to play, and defeat it's purpose.
raynal ramadhan : remember temple run? remember that you've gotten bored of it? this game will restore your boredness and reignite exitement.
chandrashekhar singh : nice game very addictive..worth downloading..it lacks smthng i thnk..a little more adventure i guess with the stunts n all..otherwise its great..m on level 21
debajit mandal : everyone should play this. the graphics and gameplay is good. overall an awesome game.
christian jeremiah : good for consuming time plus the sfx is relaxing.
shiva bhawsar : with headphones on. it actually feels like raining
a google user : what a beautiful game you guys have created !! thanks a lot
glenn _e1nlanzer : the game is awsome. real time multiplayer for the new update :() thats all ggwp
bhavya sanghavi : can't even get last the tutorial because of insufficient instructions.....(grind the line)
john dungey : like snow boarding from a bear or avalanches
andrey uverskiy : i absolutely love this game . it's so chill to play on the way to work.
soumya pachigolla : i really like the interface. the environments are so amazing!
sumaiya sumai : wat and awesome game .most importantly the animation effect and sound of the game rockzz. loved it vry much
harry robson : this is a great app, ads are annoying though.
brendon lynch : the animation and sound is flawless, along with the gameplay, a masterpiece!
cibin joseph : perfect for a quite boring day!
sallu ahmed : the game is hots some i love the music and snow in the game..!! the game is very addictive and controls
anirudha ray : i must give 200 out of 100 for its graphics..
the gamer titles : good, simple physics based game. really addictive. good job devs
matthew sutton : great game. very addictive and looks lovely
pinda758 panda : it has no ads and fun to play
eloise mcloughlin : i love the graphics and the game is fun. but it is a tad too dark at night.
appu ajith : one of the most good looking and immersive mobile gaming experiences out there.
puneet shahi : it's a good one. real adventure. especially the flawlessness
bonbon lang-es : one of the best mobiles games i have ever played
connor nolan : great game, if it didn't force you to watch videos
chi senires : great graphics, nice music, and nice challenges.
anany agarwal : superb graphics, music and goals. best is the view of sunset and sunshine.
rupack halder : one of the most soothing games i have ever come across. definitely recommended!
lens of the korsmos : music and gameplay is awesome. soothing graphics. scenic game
megan carvalho : it is the exact mix of fun, calming and challenging. the game is beautiful.
ahad azeem : easy to play, the best thing is it is totally free
billy : the animations and simplicity in this game makes me so happy! so fun to play.
adonis : i love the game, the graphics very well done job.
milos milutinovic : apsolutly great game and very relaxing and not so hard. great graphic!
vivek sharma : best graphics, quite simple yet so interesting.
michael romero : great time killer, nice graphics and tunes too.
sina razi : hey snowman, add some extra environments like snow and fog (i mean heavy ones). btw very amusing. like your game allot. good job. ;-)
alankrita vankamamidi : so relaxing, beautiful graphics & music, challenging too
nicholas bailes : this is a beautiful game with addictive landscapes and platform game physics. surprisingly immersive with the night and day and weather cycles. one request - can we have a snow weather cycle? i'd love to see what you would do with it.
william hau : its awesome with great graphic, with great scenery, and awesome phrases. :d
alexandre morneau-palardy : yup, everything ski free needed is there.
riot : this is the best game ever for me.i don't know when i am playing this game i feel fresh from my soul and mind!
amarjit singh : yes i'm addicted to alto's adventures
matthew court : loved this game. beautifully made and fun game play. very retro gaming
jeremy wells : i loved this game and every part of it!!! amazing graphic design and cute sounds
animesh goyal : love with this game.it makes truly mad so beware
hendry kohan : one of the best free action games i ever played. it's a quality game.
a google user : the first game on my nexus 5x.
afia jaffery : not a better game than this on the playstore.
frank allan : great graphics and good game easy goals to begin with but that what i like about this app
priyanka beltangadi : i loved everything about this game. you really worked hard to make this the best one!
abhijeet biswas : pleased but gameplay isn't that exciting
nate hess : relaxing music, dynamic weather and time, simple gameplay. epic
ankit shukla : one of the best games i've come across.. the music is addicting
devendra kashyap : background,music,environment everything is perfect.. a game to calm your senses.
sam sewall : great game to play to relieve stress!
carlos portillo : now i can *finally* share my scores! fun and simple and relaxing game! it's entertaining!
tapan kumar : its the best game i ever played, hatsoff to its developer,
daniel cabrera : the best endless runner and one of the best games in android. highly enjoyable
artem anisimov : i needed cloud save very much! thank for adding.
ravi avhad : it is one of the best, simplest and most engaging game ever.
a google user : gets a little bit boring but is super fun
lemon thing : it's one of the most beuatifull games i have i ever play on phone. it gives you the feeling that you are inside the game. the only thing that doesn't liked ne it was the way you lose in the air :p ... play that game !!!
no name : great graphics. easy to control. no spending needed to pass a level. overall one of the best game.
the outsider : o just loved it . iots so beautiful . hats off to the developer
sepehr bk : after all this time, something creative. i love it.
milan gajjar : really amazing graphics and game too i gives you 5 star for amazing graphics thanks
collins makamu : challenges are doable no need to use real money
saurabh singh : okayish, not so fun. graphics are awesome.
ella bel : it is fun to collect wild llamas while you adventorously go down a mountain
chase chandler : wonderfully thought out, artsy, and entertaining. best of the action games yet.
boosfee bangarang : i can't stop playing! so fun and challenging. absolutely love this! great job!!!
rafa merino : so addictive, never happen to me before with any game.
mary ellen peters : so amazing! i love the music and the background. this is exactly what i always wanted in a game! it's perfect. please make more like it. i also think it's calming. :) keep up the good work!
a google user : ...it lags pretty hardcore most of the time on my nexus 6. it gets so bad that i hit rocks because it won't register taps. :/
gautam kabiraj : brilliantly developed. nifty graphics, pleasing background music. easy and fun gameplay.
benn haley : it's great but my progress isn't registering from my phone to my tablet
guru : i installed, and bored in 2 minutes
diego bale : beautiful. great music. great gameplay. one of the best in the play store
rais : one of the best games i've ever played so good
rahul d.r : i used to love it but lost my gameplay after changing my phone
mazhar iqbal : this is ease my mind. amazing sound tracks
daniel phillipson : the scenery is awesome and the game play is easy to learn but hard to master.
kirtan shah : one of the most addictive games i have ever played.
cory coyner : this game is so fun. it is one of the only games i play on my phone.
dj f-tech : very nice game i love very much ,congratulations
ghostbear wrath : cannot put it down since i started playing.
angelo fragata : i found this game safe from children . very addictive and enjoyable.
john devisser ii : great game! just challenging enough to keep you coming back, easy enough to be relaxing and fun....
heroic prince : awesome game 2 play everyone give it a try
alvi araf : good graphics. you all should try the game.
wss : the best mobile game i've played in a while.
dylan arnholt : amazing game, great graphics and very fun and addicting
indra prasath rau : i played before and i loved it. great job to the dev teams..
miguel lirazan : the sound track is really relaxing, great graphics and it's a great time killer
eric true : probably the best game about andean llama herder/snowboarders ever created.
shaun tenner : so purdy.
christian alfredo schneider : simple concept and we'll put together. great time killer.
neil chambers : very beautiful game. love the graphics and the music is good.
yvonne karimi : the best game i've ever played so far
asutosh panda : nice graphics. nice soundtrack. would be better if you add more differently looking levels.
audrey hampton : most addictive app i've had in forever!
saket autee : the scenery makes so beautiful impression that i can't express ;)
w_29_chinmay kotkar : its becomes boring to play in 4-5 days
maze t : i love this endless gameplay. i was surprised to unlock other characters! it's splendid and the backgrounds are beautiful.
op2001 : at first i really liked this game. but the tap to jump isn't working anymore. i did a reinstall and it still isn't working. i have a htc m8. is this happening to anyone else??
mihir ghonge : great game with amazing graphics but i usually don't like games with such less content and a simple motive.....
eric d : favorite endless runner. quests, leveling and characters keep it fresh.
kenneth oflas : but when in night its to dark i can't see a rock
kazi amanul shakawat : just install the game, you'll love it. a beautiful and gorgeous game.
lpsar : it is a great app and i never say this to an app bit this one got to me i love the graffic
vishnu santosh : the music and the art are among the best i have come across in a while
saeed hassan : this has to be the best graphics and gameplay that i've seen by far!!! this is too good. keep it up guys!
soslan gassity : lost all the progress after i've reinstalled the game. nice.
face the sun : i just have one word to say amazing and outstanding. superb game.
sundance : it is awesome and is a real challenge ( i love challenging games)
rayhaan pirani : one of the best and well-designed games for the mobile platform ever.
adriel jimenez : it's what every mobile game should look and feel like.
vipin shankar : love the scenic background. the zen mode is simply awesome
jennifer : love this game. it's beautiful and get addictive. the music is nice too!!
rajendra umtekar : very good graphics, good music and one of the excellent games in the world
kundai : love it so much has good graphics so much fun it's the best
jared bartlett : simple but absolutely fabulous music, art style and even game play
kim harwiss : it's fun and almost zenlike! a very good diversion!
elizabeth m : the graphics on this game are unparalleled by any other, and the game itself is creative, relaxing, and addictive!!! i would recommend this game to anyone and everyone!!! a+!
danang epri supra santoso : after revive alto with video, the game is laging
yosafat irwan samgar : the game is simple and have soothing environment for the player. i like this game.
winnie : stunning graphics, fantastic music, simple to control, fun to play, easy to master. just perfect.
michael brown : awesome game. snowboard flips and grinding
bob dimble : totally awesome, soundtrack and look of the game, very nice.
you're retarded : one of the best mobile games ever! had to give it a five star rating
ashar naveed : i really really loved this game. it is fun, has good graphics and has a good gameplay.
divyam : both the sounds track & game play is terrific!
sean dunaway : i dont have the chasm ability with tupa. ive read everywhere about it
kyle pfenninger : like the title says. it is simple relaxing and fun
jaki shen sukkoitsu : i think the variety of the items in the store should be increased.
vibhas jadhav : if the graphics improve it would be more amazing
lucas barreira : love the mood and the landscape, the animations are simple but look amazing, awesome game
dan stewart : very polished, iap options are truly optional and unobtrusive.
giovanni nicholson : thoroughly delightful. great music, lovely visuals and intuitive design.
mihailo martinov : great game, awesome graphic but needs more stuff in the shop and more terrain
uncle iroh : relaxing, stress free enjoyable game. a pristine experience.
sean olea : great concept and i think it is super addictive.
jodhi suryanaga : great graphics and great theme song and the concept of this game is gorgeous nicely done !!!
andy frederick : it helps me forget all the sadness in my life with simple but great visuals and relaxing music
walter hii : this is the most beautiful game on android!
bluberry jonez : i find myself strangely addicted
nikhith job : the most beautiful mobile game i've ever played, love it!
f r : great just wish you could get the power ups from the iphone version
hezi zarur : saw it first time on ios, finally on android! thanks!
emmanuel okwuanga : beautifully designed game, nice music, intuitive controls.
riley : best game ever i loved it i'd recommend it to people who love simple but addicting.
philip suarez : please add more tricks to the character then i will give 5 stars
saggy : i can't find a reason not to like this game. great concept, beautiful visuals, relaxing music, very simple gameplay, what more could you ask for?
gabrelle ganchero : you keep going for the art not for the score and that's real gameplay! :)
calvin dambe : great game. the video advertisements don't load so i only get one chance to play. cannot access the cloud data either??
jan jan : love the skiing, sloshing sounds, great smooth graphics..simple lines yet elegantly presented...
kole lowder : one of the games that i play nonstop, very action pacted, yet somewhat relaxing...
ruffmenace95 gaming : there's nothing negative to say about this game and i recommend it to everyone
joshua keith pearson : fun and addictive. just gotta beat that next level!
carlos melendez : video ads for revive don't work
ron mad : stunning graphics, simple gameplay. gear for passing time.
saurabh kumar jain : the new update reset the whole game stats... and on clicking watch video the game gets stuck sometimes.... wish i had not updated!!
audrey : love it. it's fun, relaxing, visually and auditorily aesthetic, and not too addicting.
marko nikolic : awesome game, and it wont boar you eny time soon ;)
audrey eagle : i love this game i got it 2 days ago and i'm already hooked
sam maxted : this is by far the best phone game i have played in a long time!
harshit bhagat : better than subway surfer & far more better than temple run...love it
orane bembridge : i'm absolutely hooked on this game! gorgeous graphics, amazing music, fluid gameplay! just a winner! hands down! love it!!
brandon rai : keeps my mind off of everyday stress!
pterra dacto : very well done runner. aesthetically pleasing. i like!
gustavus youngberg : the graphics in the game agree beautiful. very addictive and fun to play.
da snappingturtle : it's really good for passing the time. love it.
lydia smith : i paid $3.99 but still have to watch ads? what a rip off! i'd like my money back, please.
chris carr : taken this all the way through now and it was much fun.
mathew anderson : really enjoyable and sleek looking game.
akalanka umayanga : simple and awsome well done guys!
ambarigays : try to make a 3d one withe third person view and different cammera angles
kayin fisber : u must try the game is fun and soooooooo relaxing
nadasha minasaki : great for boring days or waiting for someone to come and nice for children
senthil kumar : the game is simple & nice gr8 work guys waiting for ur nxt concept
cashiie : out of every game that in the google play store i really do like this game.
dylan lee : love this game. please add more levels, or profile options.
hollie porter : love this app. amazing, peaceful graphics. best time killer around.
cyanide : i loved this game so much i liked the background and the weather it was so awesome! !
mohamed afsar : no response from team it doesn't have cloud save
blair agan : love the music and easy to learn. gave me good minutes to enjoy at a time
qvor stoyanov : the perfect game! so simple, but such a good fun!
atanu bhunia : it is not a good selection to be editor choice...
romey rome : graphics are good and gameplay is so much fun
sincere buck : dumbest stupidest boringest game ever wouldnt reccomend it to satan stupidest game ever hope they take it off never play it again
adapa surya prakash rao : it is not just a game... with fantastic background score and sound effects... it's an experience...
kelly henry : the art an graphic s of this game is so beautiful feel at peace watching an playing this game
candace spence : i just liked the way that you are a skier and you get to collect animals
paulo henrique : the game takes me too deep haha i love the soundtrack and the chill
tyto_alba : this game is one of my favorite games that i had played in my life
quinn royalty : i love the graphics especially the lightning and sounds
vikram yadav : lovely and elegant ui with hints quite cute i and gameplay too keep up the good work
wanga kanjala : as long as i can cloud save am good
bido refaat : one of the best games i have ever played
goefrey branson : it scenarios are so gud thank you for this game
geofrey chipere : this such an addictive game but so interesting to play
everisto stillbaum : this is one of the best gamez trust me 2016
rizqi yoga ananta : this game is totally awesome with cool graphic too
daqwan koenig : love it but i wish there was a paid version without ads
jennifer marie reif : such a beautifully designed game and fun and relaxing to play
glen stewart : this is the best cuz i like chasing llamas
abhishek khatu : very pleasant on eyes and addictive yet simple gaming
joydeep das : much better than subway surface
sravan : great graphics and gameplay and also very addictive
febin jose : the music and landscape is so smoothing
vikas chandel : the most beautiful available game for android so far
laijeesh joseph : its one of my favorite games
mitchel k : great graphics! fun gameplay! overall just simple and amazing.
abdelrhman el-bashary : i don't know why , but i loved this game .
saad d : this game is excellent with excellent graphics, love it!
nitheesh j : i love to play in a full day long
mohammed umer farooq : gud graphics nice and addictable game that i ever had
chris per : landing should be better maybe edit you player multiple players needed
a google user : this game made my son have more confidence in his self
brett guidry : great for when you have a few minutes or as something to do right before bed
joshua : graphics and features are really good play it quite a bit at work
james debbarma : the music nd the gameplay together make it a fun package
deb : after using many games only this game really make me enjoy it
enlighter minh : this is one the best android games i have ever come across
sazix ximbas : it is very good and l love the season changing evry game
motor musafir : it is good than vector but you have to add different characters
anthony hopf : the title says it all!
colin jackson : the game gives you this nice calmness until you encounter a challenge and then it slowly thrills you
reece hollett : simply one of the most stunning and addictive games you can play. definitely recommend.
robbe denis : great graphics and great game. the challenged keep you playing
nandha kumar ettikkan : smooth interface and the background really enhances my mood
cobo kobacentis : i love the soundtrack and it s fun to play
a google user : the most beautiful game ever and great soundtrack
aayush sharma : this is very good game you also try
omprakash pagadala : i love that bgm and the font they used very nice game
aditya jaggi : everything is classic and the day and night graphics are awesome
viran guruge : only da backflip is there no frontflip
joseph suliali : just fun to play and amazing gameplay this one i recommend
luke hanley : a great game that is really addictive and looks beautiful as hell
magnus 801 : i liked the games adventures and graphics very much
alex cruz : it is the best game and nice graphic and i feel to relief
akilesh : similar to ski safari but gameplay is really better than ss
kamlesh singh mehta : awesome artsyle relaxing music a very unique type of game
asad khan : its awesome game everything graphic music so much addictive feels great when you play
karlis skelbis : this game has amazing art. love it! and the gameplay is great. relaxing and fun!
leeland hackbarth : gameplay is strangely addicting. music is strangely haunting. the programmer has a strange fetish for llamas.
al7erna7ive : complete rip off of ski safari.
stoic morpheus : well done guys haters gonna hate
essa toto : one of the best phone games i ever seen !!
javier gallego : good graphic. good music. but lacks some options.
ashish kumar : amazing and addictive, hats off to the creators
aj ajay : how many levels are there in this game at present i'm at 58th level
venky panorama : super and simple game,no hesitation of giving 5 stars
ah showrav : the character and surfing boards are so small that they look like bugs
elementd : the environment that surrounds the character is stunning to look at and the gameplay itself offers hours of fun
emiliano cirillo : great game! run away from addiction!
deepak devaraj : stunning sound effects & visual also
jason soovajian : love the graphic design, sound, music and gameplay. challenging but relaxing at the same time. thanks for the development.
chickzma : the background music is awesome and game is also good too
roberto cortopassi : six character is not enough i need more
the official-j - : i love this game it is so cool and the graphics are so beautiful
azizan : soothing music, beautiful background and simple yet therapeutic gameplay. i love it!
ammar danial : the gameplay is very clean and smooth. nice graphic. beautiful.
david moralez : very relaxing and beautiful backgrounds. i love the music this game is quite pleasing
the_mad_bear : there needs to be something more challenging
lqd : the music is the best thing about this game
chris murrill : beautiful and intuitive. basic yet challenging.
raphael marquez : this game is so addictive nice gameplay i loved it
abhisek agarwalla : very unique concept. great graphics and mechanism. loved it.
jack lim : if only the stupid rocks weren't green in color, it would freaking help and actually be enjoyable!
medivh : i dont really like it when its night. can you add an option for turning it off? thanks!
indira wahyu mutidianti : soothing, yet pumping my adrenaline at the same time.
christian borg xuereb : progress resetted on its own after getting the 4th character!
squiggle bug : this game is amazing..
jasper durairaj : campfire doesnt go off while it rains!!
karanjasofficial : awsm . this game is player game . so dwwnload now and enjoy the life
siddharth bhatt : wouldn't mind paying for this !
chad chancey : great game but the wing suit button needs to be moveable like the pause button for 5 stars
omesh vishaal : i love the graphical layout!
bel harper : great game and lovely graphics and music/tones.
gs ravi : just i installed without playing given 5 stars by seeing that pic u have done a great game keep it up
sinaan deriya : good one noodlecake studios inc.
cameron cominato : one of the best games i've downloaded in a long time
kate : such great graphics and beautiful art! i love it so much! best game in a while.
keith hyland : looks great, addictive, and very few ads. what a refreshing change.
aldrich esguerra : one of the best games that i have played!! the graphics is awesome!! hoping more features to come pls updatd!! :)
isfaar mahmood : i love this game this is one of my favourite but it makes me sad because they have put alot of ads and it got laggy
noble mathew : very clear and perfect graphics ...
fridolin arnold : nice graphic, nice bgm . love it
joao h. coelho : i loved it, this suprise me!
joey g : good graphics, addictive and fun!
scott spurgeon : stunning simplicity of graphics and challenges that keep you playing!
busytooth : great game kept me busy awhile. very fun.
ajay menon : the addition of cloud synch makes this close to the perfect game.
blackvulture : nice job developers! this game is addictive and has got awesome graphics and backgrounds!... perfect!
mohammad daniel : best free offline game !!
thez campbell : great game to kill time and it is so addicting
faizan malik : this game is really amazing i l0ve it !
a google user : also a great game!
arttu : awesome visual experience. simple but hard to master.
4ka33_muhammad farhan fadhillah : the bgm, the graphic, and the gameplay is great. everything's great
julian roth : literally the best game i've played on android. download it now and play 'till you get maya. you'll love it!
chilli pepper : can't help myself from this adventure
daniel g : fell for this game, great game to pass the time.
sameer kumar : good game and very smooth. try it guys.
matthew miller : gets boring pretty fast and some levels are so dark you can't see let alone play, what are you thinking dev???
shashwat ghosh : love this game..... its fabulously entertaining and very cute game
danny mcgowan : great game! tons of fun! i play all the time!
at tv channel : i likt the game graphic its totally awsomes
rajan verma : game runs smooth with nice smooth music n cool grfx
tatsatindu2 bareja : the game is very good evry one should play this game
abhishek sharma : new cloud save feature is good and this is nice game
diondrae valentine : the game is so good love snowboarding games
ashantha piyumal munasinghe : the game is super. lovely graphics.much more
sigit harto : simple, addicting, good viewer with simple graphic
ravikrishnan n : the gameplay, background music.. pretty smooth and soothing.
uchenna udemezue : this game is beautiful. i love everything about it.
vinay kumar : fun to play and nice design also.
aloha gupilan : this app is cool because it's so fun to play this app :)
maeata 40k : love this game so much. it's so much fun great game
monita honandar : awesome graphic, great music and sound, also fun unique game! love it!
raymundes johannes schaak : you can play this game for days and still love it!
shadow assassin47 : the game is awesome but when alto hits a rock or fails to land properly can you make him roll or hits his head and gets stuck in the ground instead of him just resting on the ground
david : thanks for a great port!
austyn : i love this game its so fun i play it everyday and it has great graphics
vaibhav gad : best game in every aspect.. so much fun
devin padukka : keep it up guys, you make addictive stuff that is totally worth it
jerry holder : quick question, do you still get the workshop upgrades (helmets,pickaxe) on android phones?
shams sanam : this game is too much boring
debanka chanda : wonderful gameplay and scenery and an even better soundtrack!
rodney cobbs : best graphics and ever changing landscape it's really great and smooth
a google user : best mobile game i've played and played and played
vykuntam kasa : but we have to play carefully and luck also needed i love this game
lizandro boltron : when you just keep looking at pictures at this game it sounds boring but when you play this game the music the view is super cool nice job
emmanuel krupa : it's a very nice game. liked it a lot
oyantai rodriguez : this game is so fun!! i love it
clinton davids : i play it at night with earphones the soundtrack is perfect.
the light : just fan of it..really loved playing it. just give it a chance .... to be one of the best game of ps
rashfever : 3 words: piece of art. nothing more to say. download it. you won't regret your choice.
rob mcbroom : cool concept, great graphics, addictive game play. must try.
timpani bongos : stunning visuals, relaxing music, addicting gameplay
subhrajyoti karmakar : okay game.. not too addictive or enjoyable
hardik bhaavani : gives a relaxing effect.
hayder ali : very nice game. good graphics. good quality.never hangs.
max hiscock : easy to pick up and play. beautiful design.
christian toni : i finished all 180 goals. amazing game.
mostafa darwish : i love to play it before sleep :)
symphony a : good graphics , relaxing sound , nice story
something musical : nice and supb graphics..
kieran : removed the llama back to character before and progress please sort
neeharika navya : superb,solid,best time pass and action game.
nicasio talbo : very beautiful game.... hope to see more games like this from you guys
shahabaz abdulla : especially the graphics of the game.. awsome.. and also music
chiko andrianto : i love this game. simple and awesome.
sarah loverly : a nice calming distraction... this game is seriously the best
jibraan shaikh : need more games like this.
siva prakash : the best mobile game played ever.. such class n fun.. way to go :)
daksh agrawal : very beautiful game. nicely done!
sandile mtshali : it's a best game money can buy,but it's free,if you haven't tried it, you should!!
muhammad faraz hussain : sound quality and game play is really very addictive
aneesh gj : feeling fabulous
joshua veron : i play so relax with the song ..
a google user : meditative, challenging and best of all a delight to look at.
satheesh chandran : cute and minimal graphics, night mode is too dark,
arnit jammula : i dont feel bore...background, the graphics, etc are excellent...
stefan klotzberg : works smooth. wonderful graphics and a simple gameplay. love it.
naveed noorzai : it is the perfect game.
saahil hash : night comes too often. otherwise, superb game.
a google user : you should keep developing
alexander king kwame : nice game .. i like the music
elijah mitchell : i love the fact that the scenery changes.
r krish : the music is quite and the game is also a smooth one..... smooth graphics a peace game
andrew matthews : super easy play. love the music and background
souvik sarkar : great game with absolutely captivating visuals.
niha ess : the visuals are absolutely mesmerizing
gilang fasanandi : nice game, easy and fun to play.
jackson baker : great graphics, fun gameplay,
no you : minimal yet rich graphics. 5+
louisa r : very addicting as the title says but still good.
pradeepan thiru : never seen such a smooth game in android.
dylan womack : its the best graphics and it is sooooo relaxing.thank you for the game
kumkum : it's a amazing game with adventures and perfect music
wasiq raza : awesome game this is tooo gud game..... u all must try this game... i salute the game producers
jonathan mark te : music is great. the scenes are beautiful. it's a great game.
asher : the gameplay gets boring really fast.
leesa johnson : i hate when i die because i just want to play the game forever!!!!
stephanie miller : fun, somewhat addicting. great graphics.
lee chu : very nicely designed and relaxing game
adly syafiq : well done optimizing the game
ciaran o'kelly : should be called alto's run really
talha qasim : one the best time pass games i've ever played...
jan nedbal : very nicely done and polished ski safari ripoff
krishnapal verma : excellent game...makes me feel so relaxed and happy
aric akbani : no internet needed. good time passer
samy : awesome game, graphics is nice,game control is easy.
dennis fernandes : one of the best game ever played... good graphics, cool music.. the best one...loved it..
terrence bee : grate game even better graphics!
justin dembro : you have to play this game it is so fun and exciting
sagolsem lalit : it's such a pretty game and very simple to play
finger necklace : bless your heart with this gem.
sbusiso sbuda : love it, the music is so relaxing, very addictive but fun
issy v : great graphics i love this game!!
prabhdeep rihan : love the graphics, even sound effect are very good,, simply love it,,,5 stars
nick desjardins : i just can't seem to put it down
sulaiman samsul : gerry good game. simple and addict
yasir malik : simple and smooth gameplay, add more tracks
shivdayal kumar : this is an awesome game, played around hour
kubik : love the graphics and the day cycle is so nice
john wilson : this game is addicting and beautiful at the same time.
vighnesh sivaraman : awesome concept and landscapes. and also the bgm is very soothing.
nilanjan dutta : excellent game, music is very soothing and good physics.
maxine fisher : i love it sooo much. i highly recommend it.
prashana deep : i love the task and complete that and love to play it so edited
anand kumar : best game i ever played, love it.
nicholas stevenson : this game's graphics are so beautiful that it is distracting
sandeep singh : the game is way too much fast and huddles are small in size unable to notice at a fast speed and a dim light also because of fast speed unable to enjoy game
vahid bashiri : after monument valley it is second best mobile game
murari sreenivasulu : it has very good theem in background
iseven kay : looks so good and the gameplay is smooth
defacto : love the game good time killer
rabeh boudifa : this game is so beautiful and nice
vedant martin : u should get it
surender tanwar : the graphics of the game are super fine
bayu muhammad reza : this basic game like a snowboarding
hemanth saimahesh : game was good and i mostly like the graphics and music
almond milk : my 5 yr old loves playing this game
dinesh tungariya : loved the game very much
jan afghan : this is good but show lorgest
aria kh : the surface is all green on my phone and so are the rocks !!! . the rocks can't be seen at all because they blend in with the background. (during days, nights are ok). plz fix this issue.
kevin flores : love it! the graphics so amaze
kshitij patil : they're all so soothing!
cookimou : very fun and great graphics
dren ibrahimi : this game has awesome graphics and the game is lovely
j ting : was nice, but lagging animation after update
ian melluish : but i seem to have lost all my progress after having to reinstall. please help!?!
heru de achaval : finally a nice game that will keep me entretained!
sudheer kumar : a pleasant game with pleasant music.. best game ever made .. love it
muhammad thaifur : the best game i've ever played
ddaksh kumar : nice game good graphics and too fun to play in just less than 40 mb thumbs up
jeeva m : very good ui and bg music.. flat ui is impressive... works fast
fleks andru : simply gorgeous, no way around it.
nukular power : and pretty too
luis gutierrez : this game it's beautiful and my minimalist
octavianus augustus : graphic, music, gameplay, everything is simple and beautiful.
guruh gipsy : best graphic, music, and very fun to play.
prbhu dev : the music is very relaxing. i love this game
momen atef : the sounds .. the view ... the music ... the graphics are wonderful . i really recommend it for any one
qingyi wu : the game is really good, really fun and addictive
neil alexander octaviano : the game is so relaxing
jatin madan : only if it was free on ios too. ohh and the game is epic ...
giovanni martello : i keep coming back!
bhushan talukdar : great graphics,relaxing music overall great game
tiaan gildenhuis : helps me when i'm bord
anisub07 : great soundtrack, awesome gameplay..... it has everything i was looking for in a mobile game.
deepesh singh : the music is so addictive and inspiring. love the game
naveen kumar sivuku : music n the flow of game r awesome...
steven rendel : truly fun and just the right amount of challenging.
rohan singhal : addictive game .. but why only ten points for backflip :/
justin rose : seriously. play it.
amol sakhare : nice theme,game and music also
david thompson : one of the best games ever made for the play store.
tanay gandhi : great art style, great gameplay
melvin : its an amazing game must download
subham baidya : it's so easy and fun and adventure game
a google user : one of the best physics based games ever.
farhan masud chowdhury : it has superb gameplay...just the game i am looking for....
udoka nwokolo : love this game, the setting, characters, background landscape and the soundtrack
angel markov : ok overall,gameplay gets old very quickly ...
nur huda : oh i hope it making season 2 with incredible map.
daniel oeij : addictive. good music and ux
justin quyle : best game in the app store as far as i'm aware of
richard lyall : lost all my 52 levels of progress after the update! aaaaaaaagh!!!! 5 stars down to 1 for that :(
ermerk : different kind of graphics (love it)
ayman jamous : there are so many countries using arabic language as mother tongue , more than italian and more than spanish , why no arabic ??? such a racist
a google user : new ideas, nice feeling
immad ullah : a very good production.
zheng qu : one of the best, if not the best
mogomotsi nyoni : most chilled game ever.
sukhmeet singh : the best minimalistic game ever.
krishnendu chakraborty : very nice game.. great timepass and a bit different..
nadir bait saleem : amazing graphics and fun gameplay.
andi cw : it's simple, relaxing, and addictive. that's all we need for a mobile game. good job, devs. :)
das_ emo : what a supperb game .. best of 2k16
aaron d : addictive i cant stop pplaying this game
nilesh lohokare : this game is very nice. and beautiful adventure game
philip abraham : a neat simple game with nice graphics.
erica myles : my favourite game by far.
rananjaya bandara : this is the best game in app store.
dreamweaver88 : fantastic game, fun to play
alaikah ahmed : thank you for relaxing me.
aryan : best shadow game ever played, nice graphics + gameplay is also good ....download it but it need some more improvement... yeah !!!
neale pickett : this game is actually relaxing!
john m : 4 stars now upgraded to 5 stars for cloud saves
dawnlight guardian : i really like it but not smooth at all!...
a google user : very polished one finger game
mark warshaw : simple but awesomely awesome
puia renthlei : so addictive. relaxing and simple. best game yet of 2016.
jarric miller : dis gam be da funest gam on my portubul gam fingy
ben : a game of beauty and challenge.
daley wilson : cool man and this is the best game ever.
xnes 03 : one of the best indie games in the store.
jude schappert : got to game
sameer ibrahim : really, really nice
my name is joon : lovely graphics and relaxing music
prawaaal : beautiful artstyle, music and gameplay.
pete : very addictive, quite the passtime.
gabor racz : do it! you know you want to!
resham singh : top end design n fluidity of the game
maaz : please develop more games like this
zach taurosa : i love the artwork
charles zhou : top notch game try it its great
m hasan : awesome graphics n concept
m sai : its very ontresting game unlimeted fun
bubbz : such a calm game with beautiful visuals
dr madhu sudhan gupta : gr8 graphics gr8 music
agasti navare : very good graphics and day and night cycles
nicolas : you need more upgrades
lee mccartney : perfect pick up and play game
torment flame : but please add multiplayer
kenny m : most relaxing fun and the kids love it
kevin honeyreade : what a lovely beautifully drawn game
jonathan harris : great but too dark to play outside
kat thekat : had it since release and never disappointed
mister biggs : more addictive than slots
shaun jeckrr : love the game should be more elders
joseph albert lim : intuitive and easy to pick up
r j jishnu karthik : simple and best game till i played
choirul anwar : try to not bored
om singh : grt game wid gud graphics
siddharth upadhyay : wonderful music i thought that i was in different world
dwaipayan banerjee : nice graphics. nice one.nice background music.
mohd ashraf bhat : the best adventure game ever i had played in my life and about the graphics what to say man i have no words for them soooooooooooooooo buetyfullllllllllllllll oh my god
anant gaming : nyc game nd graphics are awesome .... love these game
harsimran singh : excellent game. loved it
mickey moore : tons of replay value.
prosenjit mondal : needs better tutorial though.
roy flores : amazing graphics and sound.
kamran hassan : the best i've played on android. ever.
janiola merry grae : it's very relaxing actually.. and i enjoyed playing it.
mekintos larja : i so love this game!
ravinder singh : alto is very beautiful game.
kelly hicks : easy to play, hard to master
paulo verde : lovely game,thank you
richard fielding ii : beautifully simple. great.
colin farr : great graphics, great sound, and great fun
moise judicael tossou : fantastic graphics, so smooth, so relaxing
kumquat jiminie : and addicting!
rahul khamkar : amazing graphics, gameplay and background music
aritra ghatak : soothing music & high quality relaxing graphics
sam falla : aesthetically beautiful and addictive - great game
mirulfaris : graphic,music,theme was very nice.....also little hard to play...thumbs up
fred harmon : the icon for the game seems to have a dude doing a backflip that would land him backwards. right?
somayajula yashwanth : it's a copy of ski safari.
lyn flemming : excellent and it's good for focus and concentration
kasun dananjaya : this game is just brilliant!!
ahmad mostofa taqy : simple, but truly amazing! .... great visual .... thanks noodlecake for this game :)
a google user : great game. hours of fun.
a google user : fun ride... must play to kill the time.
bappy chakma : hey i've lost my data. how can i get it back. all progress were lost.
aaron lui : aesthetically pleasing and the gameplay induces a soothing effect
roberto felipe : great game with amazing audio and visuals!
frankie : great graphics. beautiful music.
jacob b : fun gameplay, stunning graphics
stephane lagrange : a lot of fun, lover the overall atmosphere
john rhodes : "its addicting and keeps you occupied"
gagan deep : music, graphics, locations everything is fabulous
anare nayacakalou : best game ever. play it and believe it
emiliano cervera : super fun, entertaining, and it is visually beautiful
bray mckxy : sometimes you make jumps. other times you dont. k
john marlo : i wish to hear full sound track... it's soo relaxing.... loved the game
ella adams : very time consuming.
emb ryo : i really enjoyed play this game..
greg meyer : this game is a lot of fun.
muzeyi yelyen : i'm never uninstalling this game!
piku paul : this is the best mobile game i ever seen!!!! the graphics is incredible!!!! the weather changes is fabulous!!!!!! the music is beautiful!!!!! one word this is best!!!!!!! actually this is only that mobile game which change weather also changes time, day night!!! wow!!!!!!!!!!!!! i will never unstall it
david johnson : fun way to kill 5 minuts
rachmad triyono : never get bored to play this game,awesome
tarun patel : not connect to the google play games
reuben madhuker : i would rate it 1000 stars
raul lancon jr : game is simple yet entertaining.
clint chance : end a run, watch an ad, end a run watch an ad. not fun and the ads are not closable. uninstalling
eric sabatini regueira : great graphics on an addicting game. best game on android.
sky ant : nice graphic, just tap... but keep watching, don't blink an eyes... coz :d
tyrone pantera : amazingly beautiful game and wonderfully simple.
arpit patel : the sound is just awesome.......it makes me play this game more and more
mark pomata : great game... new levels soon?
yumna i s : graphics, colors and theme. so serene.
md. mahmudul islam shuvo : omg. awesome graphics. it takes me a dream world, give me relax. i love the music and changing of nature. truly it has become my love........!!!!
aaryan mannem : it makes mind peaceful.
taskin forkan : the beautiful graphics keep me playing.
marcus : one of the best games i've ever played
sohel rana : it's really nice and full of adventure
dolfy royce : i happy its finally on android
terry b : needs more scenery and more tricks added
subeg singh : i like this game so much
caden g : there is absolutely 0 original aspects of this game
sri vignesh : just a high end, clean, minimalistic, beautiful, perfect game for all age groups. sssmmmookingggg!!!. night mode sucks.
amar nath : simple and adictive...best game i ever played....nice graphics, nice background tone..........give 100 stars
moazzam hasan : this game is very excellent game!
isaac fennell : gorgeous design and addictive
christ joe : a very interesting and fun game
asanka sovis : always keeps you craving for more!
antonio jack : simple gameplay. nice graphics and day cycle
adnan shah : best graphic and awesome game play...
tapoja chatterjee : brilliant graphics, it's a beautiful game.
frankie g : really fun and simple
radha manohar garimella : beautiful playing experience
aditya singh : its literallay addicting beware
nibin ninan : awsome graphics great game
jacob wratten : the best game on my phone
nasman : nice art and simple controls
jagannath sutar : thnks developer for such superb game
ayoub freestorm : everything is perfect in this game
leo harrison : nice background and a beautiful game
konstantinos theodoulou : my son loves it hours of fun
steven lippold : i absolutely love the game
mladen hrvanovic : thanks guys
sushant gurung : character is bit small
suraj moon : can play it forever
vivek saraswat : thumbs up developers
jaslin jones : really like adventure
morteza walizadeh : the best is this use it and enjoy
jay rebadomia : smooth gameplay
mariana sada : fun and easy to use
joanna pacey : i played it at the good guys
fariz nugraha akbar : relaxing soundtrack and enjoyable gameplay
david p. : its a beautiful game
s ali ashraf : simple and addictive with a nice graphic
ingibjorg gumundsdottir : very pretty and has nice gameplay
raji kasabji : but please more languages
aphiwe phewa : its nice to play
john ngolo : very addictive and fun
james moore : this game looks amazing
kt lee : beautiful and lightening landscapes and music.
avery saldana : i will play this game
metalklug : great casual game, very calming and very fluid
mohammad barghouthy : amazing fells like i'm there with the headphones on
raushan sharma : melodious sound gives a great relaxation.
ayu fatmawati : i love the graphics and thw backsound of this app
hardik tyagi : music as well as graphics are very soothing.
nyore ikomoni : it's amazing.. the scenery, the music, it's all so perfect.. it's the best
raj thapa : everything is just perfect the rain n the sunrise is the coolest ...... loved it ......
kate beevers : i've got one word to say...stupid!!! so bloody stupid
a google user : way too awesome to describe. :d
swapnil manjare : one of the best game i have enjoyed playing..no error or anything...smooth experience..best thing is that there are no ads in between...excellent effort guys..keep it up :)
aql edna salam : great adventure game and great graphic.
azizul islam rahin : good graphics with great gameplay. love it. "r.
nishan rupesh : beautiful graphics.... soothing music.... can play for hours without getting bored
vengeance 149 : there are many few games which are best... it is one of them...
nina zaveri : i want to know the player after paz.. plz tell me i'm excited
aubrey somoza : great graphics. awesome game!
vivek pattanaik : i got engrossed in it. play it if you haven't yet folks!!!
surajit rajak : awesum gameplay !! very addictive
james jackson : great game and great effects just i would like some more detail to the falling like he would tumble a little but or if he is high up and does a frontflip he would tumble and roll more
jaqen h'ghar : got addicted to this game....
brandon : just give more update, love the design...
imamsha s : good game keep it up ..... i want more background music
tanisha chaudhary : i love this game very much . it just amazing......l
henry shang : should have had the feature since day one!!
sando tomorrow : im a hard player of this game. im in level 55 and counting....
queenie yang : it is not syncing my tablet to my phone.
sha mit : love this game!it's beautiful!!
may : i think the title said enough.
a google user : i looooovvveeeeee thisss game! i've download it on my phone and reach level 45 now i'm going to download it on my tab!!!!!
notorious devil : love it! love it!! just love it!!! music, scenery, weather, graphics... uh... overall its a great game in my life!
albani garcia : thank you so much!! now this game is just perfect
alexandru popa : love it! nice graphics and sound!
stanley sandeep : let's be honest, all these endless runners generally suck... but this game begs to differ...it has everything atmosphere, ambience, challenge, great artwork, excellent soundtrack etc... just loving every moment of it...
naazj das : please everyone download it. very nice graphics. and very addictive.
yemi adetula : awesome game, i can't stop playing.
luis manere : i love this game!! the best!!
shan thushara : it's a wonderful game. it's a good mind relaxing game.
mukul kumar yadav : the game's an editor choice, need i say more?
basil sangma : a simple and addictive game!
bob dillon : cloud save! w00t!
iye vice : love to hack your *.xml file in //device/data/data/com.noodlecake... folder
mrfranz entertainment : first game to receive my 5 well done alto. :)
basti aboy : i love this game ever
manish vyas : this game is the best game i ever played
jonathan owens : great game for passing the time
emmanuel andrade : looks great plays great
kailash rao : one of the best visuals and soundtracks
maruf ahmed : good time pass game
tuffreeza : just a relaxing game to play
aryan jaiswal : its too good game
yiting chen : relaxing, beautiful view and music
chuck reimer : simple, beautiful and addictive!
himanshu maurya : nice game and awesome music
tahera khan : very soothening game. love it
alan ne : the artwork, the bgm..it's all too good!
kyle buchanan : it's a good game
faisal amin : nice smooth and awesome.
shivashis sengupta : it's just utterly butterly delicious
mark muska : a lot of fun....enjoy trying to beat the different levels.
marco rodriguez : incredible scenarios in love with the design
sivakumar mani : i don't have any words to say but very...very...very great amazing.......
terrakotta : just great. highly recommend
rakhi menon : please help me do the triple backflip
awaludin danu primantomo : cannot open the game in asus zenfone 5
milos milojevic : not perfect, but deserves 5 stars :)
jedidiah agume : totally worth the download..... damn....
rohit sarkar : quite good game.. almost keeps me occupied most of the time....
natalie wee : great game, relaxing music
mario ortiz : it says, "unfortunately, alto has stopped".
benjamin carroll : most boopinest game ever.
paul florian : great game but full of ads. where can i find a paid version without ads?
anthoni askaria : beautiful graphic, great music
ankur kumar : loved the game but i can't see my high score.. why? fix it..
iden ndungi : it's fine and beautiful scenery
kamal papnai : awesome year...... never get tired of it
firecracker 17 : it's a piece of art
sazzad rume : such mind blowing game! loving it!
indrajeet javeri : the smooth gameplay...very nice interface and ux design.... and superbly animated graphics just makes it too good to play... loved it...!!
suman karmakar : everything about this game is awesome. the concept is unique. love playing it.....
a x : i love how it changes weather and it becomes night and day!!! awesome ideas and graphics!!!!
ashwin achary : beautiful graphics.. fun game
h jadeja : so much funnn and addictive
sam fisher : amazing gfx with swift control .... awesome moves ... perfect game
sanjit sahu : nice & addicted game .
chris andrews : can i please buy an ad free version?
punit kumar : kindly add new players n levels...done with all levels...plzz
rebecca beck : loving it!!
krishnendu debnath : spectacular graphics, very addictive and i just love it
misty weaver : can't. stop. playing.
jibu kurian : awesome game.. so addictive
anoop bharadwaj : progress does not sync acros devices even after signing into cloud. my progress in tablet doesn't sync with phone.
angela morales : love this game!!!! great way to pass time!! warning!!! it's addicting!
induchoodan p : i love the game a lot..it's really addictive...
marton marquez : two thumbs up to the devs..
sanjay dutta : really pleasure to play.
austin brooks : why does this need access to my photos? uninstalled as soon as it asked.
prafull dhadkar : game is so addictive because of its graphics... great job...
devashish nema : simple, soothing and awesome!
shiv kumar bhagat : it's a very nice game
lakdilu kulasinghe : highly addictive
pavan kumar : worst game ever game @ cant play single level **unable to cross the mountain^^^^^^^
ivan toroman : one of the best games i've played in a while
mohamed gamal : stunning visuals, lights, gameplay. really relaxing. well done.
ashley cooper : game is amazing and addicting!
david allee : awesome! beautiful and fun.
jezreel audric cabanda : awesome graphics and gameplay. relaxing.
bikash das : i'm addicted with this game.
xansevieria * 3* : tupa is one of my favorite!
sma maravelia : such a beautiful and addictive game!
kamaljeet kaur : it is a nice app .
etoamaihe chidi k : highly recommended!
anees ahmad : amazing effect,sound,and good
amir davis-ellison : it is so addictive
christian page : this game is dope!
magic loaf : every time i try to play it it won't work
saleem sheikh : full time pass hai........ zabardast graphic..... enjoyable game hai
viraj vardhan : the more you go far the more you go fast
jayas p jacob : no need of showing tips everytime game starts.
tom h : title.
myke wan : splendid, download it.
sifat syed : loved it...amazing game.. great graphics..
vladimir driscu : not that awesome...
ilya maksimovych : awesome game. thank you, developers)
matthew pena pena : i love this game the music and the color!!! :-) :-)
r_m.a.n.i : this game is so fun!!
lexani spaulding : this game is the best, i love it
a google user : the feel and the view of the game is amazing... its a fun game to play...
umar jamil : really enjoyed!
mahmoud garada : super cool game, just relax and enjooooooy
lim lam : ...but can you his like update it?
shafeek mohammed : great sound effects....i love it
ron dutta : great game.... waitin on the next release
shantanu acharya : one of the best games ever...
robin fransen : this new update is frustrating
andrew skog : download. it's awesome!
richard lachiver : ads cause app to crash
mike vining : cute game that is simple and relaxing.
abhishek sankhwal : awesome graphics! and soothing soundtracks!
haroh garcia : my progress is gone after updating to the latest version.
zohaib hasan : whenever i tried to play it is force closed
mary phebus : beautiful, challenging, fun, relaxing
broski d3vn : totally rockin y'all
matoe : best offline game in the appstore. 100/10.
new generation : no words to describe...
alen paul : nice gameplay...... sweet bgm
himanshu dahal : its coool 2 time pass
densil grant : gaming done simple,addictive and fun,truly a wonderful game
ali zamin : one of the addictive game i played.....
zarif rahman : incredible graphics !!
utkarsh arya : a good game ...must have it
david gontis : it's a great game.
arif arfanda rudini : best at its class!!
eric szuminski : can't tell what is what. watch out for rock....that was a rock?
gokul raj : a beautiful game worthy of ones time! 10/10 for me!!!
arief ansori : i love this game, but why you reset my progress?
eugene o. quinones : why are the ads that allow you to continue playing after a crash landing not working anymore???
mihir gupta : lovely game ryan cash...
subhash chandra : i enjoyed it very much
malindu kumaradasa : great game! loved it!
kader ibrahim : i am addicted to play ......awesome..
gerard rustady : so relaxing
taylan kazak : unlock tupa. he's worth it.
siva sai : in a word...it's awesome
jithu sygal : the graphics, environmental details, day night cycle......wowww
michael geels : same thing over and over again
jonathan roberts : nice graphical fun game
i d : this is the best game ever
swapnil paithankar : good graphics!
mahmoud tarek : most amazing game i ever play in my live ..
a google user : great game!
martin dechev : great game!
phillip riley : great game!
joanne stacey : great game!
a google user : great game!
pariesa h : great game, fun, good progression.
odee : best graphics
dinesh selvam : it's really cool to play always...
syed shahabuddin : mersmerizing and beautiful artwork!!!!!
kibrey tetemke : it's simply amazing
snbzd pro : love the music .tnx
hussain aviculture omer hussain : loved it .. such a visual art ... changes of weather .. amazing
debjit guha : most soothingly experience. sound & music... awesome.
unni krishnan : loved it!!!
varsha guruprasad : could be better. its a nice game
white yasha conan : at the night,i cant sew the rocks!can u pls light on to it ??
a google user : will there be any advancement? any updates, new goals new characters
raphael freire : i've lost all of my progress after the update! i was on level 24, now back to level 1...
saketh ram : nice game to play with pleasant music
a google user : this game is really fun!
namita patnaik : it's a nice game
bhuwan dutt : great graphics and concept.
ben toppi : fun, gourgous and addictive
amas albert : simple, clean and beautiful
vidhyasagar manivannan : i hate this game
brigita kr : just obsessed by this game
alexandre dionne : but works
israel flores : it realls stinks
lenin sujithra : for relaxation, adventure
guian llewel baroman : fun and relaxing.
aristyanto manggala : woooowww, loved it
benigno augusto estrada reyes : awesome game, very interesting...
elvin maharramov : stunning graphics and fluency
jonathan duarte : fun when board
aobakwe ncube : it's totally awesome
gandy wf : need more challenge.
arie islamianto : simply the best.
durjoy kar : what an awesome graphics!!just loved it!!
waleed zalloum : simple, creative and fun
sajjad tufail : excellent piece of work.
uday kumar : thank you so much for a wonderful game...love it...
adnan : it's a good for children's..
shay gliz : love this game it's fun
imah baik : can't open!!
najeeb khan : fabulous fantastic so nice.....
misael mauricio : is a goo game....must try
david sherrer : couldn't put it down
mac lundgren : awesome game in love
jems : it is taking me to a pleasant feel ... amazing...
jaiganesh rajkumar : i like graphics and background very much
william thomson : love this game !
a. george thomson : wth? where's the cloud save option.
dzenan mucevic : great graphics!
hardeek kumar : totally loved it...
k.r.vishnu narayanan : awesome background music...
chinmoy mahapatra : recommended!
tanmay nazar : awesome experience!
amy fox : to much space.
marien ortiz : beautiful and addictive!
tyler clark : can't....stop....playing.
franz cimeni : absolutely gorgeous!
vaughn engler : simple. addicting.
basant dadhich : cool graphics......
crazymind 25 : this game is awsme..!
aditya mishra : loved it!
dez days : playing this for hours.
aditi : amazingly addictive!
jeremiah hernandez : awesome game and amazing graphics
wai meng looi : graphic and soundtrack is very soothing
vamshi krishna : addictive game
mrityunjay mishra : great graphics and gameplay
pankaj : awesome graphics
kyle wentzel : definitely great
aritra dam : awesome game on simple graphics
matthew thompson : i love this app and the graphics
chanelle fruean : great game and highly addictive
dustin c. : smooth gameplay
nika : this is a really good game
sanjay jayachandran : what an excellent game
gitonga wa king'ori : amazing addictive satisfying game
henry hansen : fun and addicting
adam sullivan : simple and additive
daniel rassel : lots of fun
franco cruz : great game to play
timothy dover : simple but fascinating
roshi : graphics and smooth gameplay
devlinr : nice art and very fun
low yiheng : great graphics and gameplay
sailaja susarla : nice game good graphics
cathy chen : beautiful visual and really addictive
ole helland : most addictive game in years
surya : very good graphics
kazim hussain : best gameplay and superb sound
bence toth bagi : great gameplay and visuals
hassan haq : amazing graphics and performance level
angel malagon : this game is so beautiful
sabina sultana : terrified.
manish thapa : awsome game.could u add some more stuff?
devin wilson : fun game to hit rocks
vijay dandem : really a superb game .....
asphodel victoria : great graphics
shraddha : i feel the weather
chandan giri : it's awesome
jordan du toit : lag/low frame rate after update?
parth jansari : i lost my deta on google play i achived so much then i format device and now when i install and play and also log in it cant done
ceejay choa : it was fun.
glogamb chicken : great game
nasduck nasduck : it's great
michael anderson : great graphics and story
wade mosier : nicely done...
abhijit banerjee : really love it...
siddharth verma : anythung new guys gonna add? new scene, characters? or is it time to uninstall?
abdulaziz alnuaimi : i like it too much, but the phone sleeps if i dont touch anything, it doesn't have the permission to keep the phone awake
palash lakhera : not even loading :(
adriana owens : i haven't played the game yet
arviva stewart : love the game
arnab de : once data is deleted,all the past records are are deleted.then why there is an optiin to sign in into google account.this update is not working.all my data is gone
ollie stockley : too frustrating
boss muqtadir boss : downloading
krishnendu mishra : loovely addiction
pr patel : most addicted
tariq kyam : it's a tight game
ram kumar : i love this game
zach martens : really fun
navaneeth s : love the game to bits
n.sonai muthu : download this game
abdul sagar : nice and music is subrb
jbo jones : great calming game
chris moony : simply beautiful and fun
sukanya kakoty : very good graphics
seppe bonella : great game
pranav s sathees : very nice game
denzel gondwe : elegant and meticulously designed
akash mehta : great game
puspen sarkar : simple n awsm
s.visvanathan visu : great game play
rishav chowdhury : nice and creative game
mr suleman : this game is amazing
ben : crazy good graphics
andrew marquez : relaxing and good gameplay
mohammad nasir : incredibly additive
hermes santos : what a beautiful game
ismael olivera : addictive game
mezbaul alam : addictive and fun
li reid : how is this game this good
gg a234 : very relaxing and enjoyable
deepanshu rathore : simple and good game
mudasser ajaz : too much fun
jibran ahsan : love the material design
ashley arreguin : such a beautiful game
olayinka abiodun : great game
mohamad halwanji : great just you
marcos gonzalez : great game
rajendran thirumalammal : good offline game
anysukhee hairtai : great game
chumki roy : good graphics and gameplay
a google user : addictive and lovely graphics
casey : kl is cool btw
sushil kumar bhaskar : what a game.loving it
velimir uljarevic : loving it...
jabir o : cool .
louw burger : drop everything &download
pranav trivedi : i am changing my phone. how can i transfer my current game progress to the new phone? or will i have to start a new game on the new phone??
manish singh : cant sync my score
miso sori : thanks for the cloud save
tiago machado : uninstalled when asked to watch a video
shiv raj : i like the background music
ofir gavish : great game
preetham san : good graphics
vishnu mohan : i saved my progress by signing in.. and after update i lost all my game progress and now i have to start it all again.... going to uninstall
a google user : so relaxing
eduard medina : addictive and relaxing
asifur rahman mithu : it's an epic game.....
taylor sturtz : seriously too dark
radfire _78 : add more characters
ashish gore : must download & chill forever........
prikshit kumar : 5000 coins and 4 llamas in the name of llama stampede. r u frigging kidding me?
f l : perfect game
christian zommerfelds : great game
hardik chawla : great graphics
fmshah 1490 : amazing graphics
james nichols : great game
ubad arab : love on the brain
falseleadersareamongus : great game
justin coquat : addictive fun
shervon _22 : great game
edvinas simkus : really nice
jason brinkle : beautiful and challenging
adam b : pretty good
jason romero : the best
amar asad : great game
ryan robert arranguez : addictive
maxim : great game
randy chavez : elegant and addictive
petra nemeckova : great game
pog : great graphics
saad qadeer : beautiful graphics
shaun magnano : great game
kishan chand : awesome soundtrack
tejas nityanand : great game
ronojoy mookerjee : best graphics
mia p : great game
belol nasim : simple and addictive
abis07 : soothing experience
nathan thomson : beautiful and fun
stacey deselle : awesome game
bryony kendrick : so addictive
shaharyar ahmad : neat and cool
christian ray : very soothing
michael b : beautiful and fun
ahmed ellol : great game
krishnamoorthy r : lovely visual
shreyas s : great game
antonio jackson : its cool
alek partsalev : really relaxing
nabhan chowdhury : great game
stefan cangri : adicting
rahul ganguly : pretty good
rupam poddar : nice graphics
akash baburaj : great game
a google user : smooth and polished
fritz sanandres : its addictive
prasad daryapurkar : absolutely love it
david vasquez : really fun
aries 2016 : graphic a
micah liotta : one of the best
prabhat chandra : mind blowing
madhav kandukuri : very beautiful
pratima bajpai : great game
umair sarfraz : great game
rajat kumar sarkar : very addictive
atilla hanefi macun : to goody to be true but it is true
yaseen ramzan : there are no sound settings!!!!
harvin vevron : love this game
the boss karen : relaxing
shabbir rashid : it's ok
official karan : boring
zac openshaw : cool
sultan zaib : addictive
ashish aggarwal : addictive
shambo sengupta : addictive
shalu k shahul : coool
michael carrera : exciting
nevus view : cool
dante balaji balaji : interesting
ajeng putri hartini : relaxing
kim thomas : addictive
amir rock : the best
ahmed gamal : charming
roopesh v r : cool
jason logue : cool
viveshan moonsamy : cool
tushar saxena : cool
reda belabed : it's ok
gyorgy david czako : i have a new phone and have a lot achievements in my google profile. but none of them have been loaded in after the sign in. how could that be fixed?
shawn l : crashs on startup
nadigatla raju : it was super
hossam benbordi : stop the ad
sam boldon : it's aight
martin winkler : suck it
avalon schultz : addicting addicting addicting addicting addicting addicting addicting addicting addicting addicting addicting addicting
x7645 : boss
chee thao : cool game and good concept. but the rock factor should be changed a bit. as you have background and foreground settings like houses and stuff, the rock is often times overlooked. and when night time comes it's even worse. it is part of a challenge, but i find it to be an unfair one with all the things you guys put on the screen. another thing is he backflips way too slow.
akshay paratmandali : the game is great but the level should be change in game without ending it and one other thing is to complete the level you have tackle all 3 challenge s which is not good. then skiping all 3 mission cost same as retrieving so no body care for retrieving please reduced that amount.. other than that game is legendary....
istvan krizan : the game design is very nice and the gameplay is enjoyable. however i would like the option for turning off the day/night cycle. it's hard to see at night. i rate it 5 stars just because it have a lot if space for more stuffs and hope it would have some new features in the future.
joe abreu : super fun game. one annoyance, if you have an option to continue where you last crashed if you watch an ad then make sure you can actually continue. if the timer ends before the ad is loaded and it moves onto the results screen when the ad finishes i have to start again. this defeats the point of watching an ad. fix this and i'm sure you'll get more ad revenue.
alexander stanton : it's an instant death when an unfair lizard game ad pops up without pausing the game. i helplessly see my poor character crash into a rock in the background while trying to close the add only crashes the game. it's a beautiful, exhilarating game, but ultimately spoiled by its ridiculous reliance on advertising bullcrap to its players.
daniel : great game but, there's a major glitch with this game where noodlecake has their ad for another game of theirs that pops up and when you try to remove the ad by selecting 'no thanks', the game will crash every time.. this can become very annoying especially when you've gone quite far into the game. this should be addressed!
todd dubois : your new pop-up ad is: loud, comes up in the middle of game play, always crashes the app. i won't be playing any longer until it's fixed (aka no more ad revenue from your other annoying ads)
wilson moyer : endless runners are stupid, but this one is fun (for the most part.) it definitely stands out for its art and music, but the best part is just the engine itself. the money in the game isn't balanced in a fun way at all, and past the first unlockable character, everyone else kind of sucks, but it's so fun to land backflips and pick up speed as it is, this game is worth spending a lot of time on anyways.
subin george : can anyone tell me how in the world can u escape those crazy stupid elders. i never ever got past one. ssly when u are skiing all of a sudden a person comes out of nowhere and hits u and then its all over. i mean its really game over after that. i never understood why is that crazy elder mad at us anyway. this makes no sense.
mel : this game blew me away, not because it is high addictive and fun, but because of the perfect background, graphics, and the soothing music that is accompanying, that totally enhances the gameplay that makes it even more fun to play with. i myself don't get associated with games as i delete them within week due to their boringness but this game is totally different on a whole new level and i would like to compliment the developers for making this great game and would also like the name for the music. g
chad botha : this game is magnificent. well done noodles... canadians for the win. absolutely love this game. i die in the game but only because of the scenery and the change in weather and time patterns being so diverse and refreshing. please make more games like this and you'll have much more praise by me. and that's saying a lot.
bones of ninja : recently an ad for noodle cake games started popping up in the middle of my runs causing me to crash into rocks or other obstacles because the game doesn't pause while the ad has popped up. it's really annoying, especially when i'm working on a goal.
battlesushi : the graphics look really nice with its own charming style and changing daytime. that is about all good i can say. the story is a short joke to catch lamas, you have now real objectives. gameplay consists of tap to jump and hold for trick, that's all. gets boring after 15 minutes.
ratul islam emon : i just love it. background music is so comfy. best gaming music ever i had. just one thing, use some tips if we can't complete the tasks. i know u gave it in the first level. but would be better if u put it beside the task if we keep failing to complete the task. **i want more games as like this**
scott s : there is something very special about mobile games that actually take care to put effort and passion into their product; alto does this with style. rare are games that are fun and honest and not just trying to reel in the idiot whales to spend piles of cash on their garbage virtual addiction machines. alto is thoughtfully designed, fun, has beautiful music and is generally a joy to play. if you're looking for an actual mobile game, give it a try, it's great.
sajid alam : truly a marvel to play. i have been playing this from when it was exclusive to ios and required a fee pretty bummed about that but it's worth it. the visuals, soundtrack and gameplay are simplistic yet captivating allowing me to indulge hours worth of gameplay into it. it's a definite recommendation from me if you're looking for a light and beautiful game.
jay lowe : i had a problem with a reoccurring ad popping up during gameplay which i emailed the developer about. i received a response almost immediately and although i haven't checked to see if this has been sorted yet, the communication that i have received has been amazing and shows a genuine concern and level of customer satisfaction that is unfortunately not witnessed often nowadays. full credit to the developers for a great game and a brilliant attitude.
jenna reott : loved this game all 4 of my children and i were playing it. then one day my game started having a 2 second delay when i tried to jump. gave it 2 weeks and kept trying to play but never fixed. so i deleted the game and redownloaded to see if that would fix it. it did but i lost all of my progress in the game. i will no longer play because it didn't save to my account. very disappointed! we really liked this game.
jclavs reviews : i have been playing a bit, and i unlock the second character. for some reason i had to reset my phone. i have downloaded the game again, but even i sing in my achievements are still in google play, but i have to start my progress again from 0 without any character or power upgrade unlocked. would be nice to be fixed
tom coffey : i'm so glad that i've had to play so many boring and sub par games in my short lifetime to appreciate this game for what it is. the graphics are breathtaking, the audio soothing and subdued, the gameplay smooth and comfortable. everything about this game is beautiful. a sure treat and a game i wish had existed years ago. it makes being awake late at night peaceful. all the thumbs upwards.
eddie schell : i'm having a slight problem where my screen starts to dim from inactivity of tapping the screen i am using a nexus 6p on 6.0.1 march update. i realize i could change my screen timeout settings but i feel this can be easily remedied by the developer. many other games allow the screen to stay awake. if this is fixed it will be changed to 5 stars. a visually stunning game with equally captivating music. wonderful!
kay flow : really enjoying this game have played to level 33 now and not got bored yet. could do with a few more gadgets to unlock. a couple of minor bugs: sometimes when i resume after pausing the game it doesn't react when i tap the screen to jump and have to restart the game then it is fine again and also sometimes the game doesn't set me back on the track after falling down a chasm - samsung galaxy s5
cristescu alexandru : when ever the noodlecake comercial appears the game crashes and closes instantly. it doesn t matter the moment when the window appers. if it appears at the moment you start the app or when you pause the game, the outcome is the same. and eventualy my progress is deleted. i love this app but i hate the crapy comercial that makes my gaming experience incomplete. pls i beg you. let me enjoy the game and fix this.
gauravan : totally addictive and worth it. this has such a calm and relaxing soundtrack that it feels very good while playing this game. giving 4 stars because it still has a lot of scope and can add a lot of features to it. like adding more characters to unlock, new environments,new threats other than elders and multiplayer mode,new challenges. i have faith in the developers and they will work it out.....
shane hager : i just "beat" the game, getting to level 61 without skipping any goals and it truly is a beautiful game. at the end the goals get pretty tough but aren't impossible. wish there was a little continuation or additional characters because at the end there's nothing but a congratulations, you competed all the goals. kind off anticlimactic. but getting there, so much fun.
doom badger : there is something quietly wonderful about this game. the mechanics are simple and the physics is sublime. the graphics are wonderfully subtle, with the day night cycle and weather effects creating some eye catching moments. progression is paced just right although after a few days a bought the coin doubler which is well worth the price if you're playing as often as i am. a fantastic little game. give it a go.
fabric painting pro : i loveeee itt . its really a beautiful game with beautiful graphics . the overall idea is so beautiful. feels like its not alto who does skiing .. its me . such a beautiful game . only thing i am not giving it 5 stars is that it should have a training session in the beginning to master the jumping combos . and that reviving is tooo costly in terms of earned coins. plzzz work on it and add othe backgrounds as well.
satan sama : it has a life. it lives and breathes. well, that's what it feels like when you play it. by the artwork, music, sounds and physics, every element in this game makes you feel like this world really exists and it's beautiful. gameplay is very fun and the trickiest challenges you face to level up(and unlock new characters) are not hard to achieve if you just spend a few minutes exploring all the different ways you can travel in this game. it simply feels like a journey.
tom griffiths : other developers take note: this is how you do ad-supported. unobtrusive, optional adverts when you want to continue after a failure. not permanent banners nobody wants to tap, or forcing the player to sit through annoying ads to play the game. the gameplay is also great, and the graphical style and music are both excellent. can't fault this game.
aaron : it's graphics r way below average at best. an the game constantly puts you in situations where your going to die without options for success and when at night you can barley see the screen and im using the samsung s7 that has a great display. i read all the other comments and thought ok let's try this. wow i wish i wouldn't have. total waste of time
john barnabas hughes : it's my go-to for a fun/skill combo. i wish it could sync progress over devices, as i often switch. i also thought paz was a massive disappointment to unlock. i cannot fault this game, only offer suggestions for added features like the synching. the gameplay is tight and almost lyrical. beautiful game.
shyam vasudev : this is a very simple yet perfect game, the art and the music is so soothing. the ambience it gives is so good. the gameplay is simple but as you progress, you unlock more characters and they bring in a lot of variety and changes to the game. the iap does not make much difference and most of all it's free on android. download this game without any second thought.
wesley loh : i liked this game enough to make in-game purchases, but recently the noodlecake ads for their games appears during a run. there's no way to control your character and no way to pause the game. if, miraculously, you don't die, the game will just crash anyways and you'll lose all progress. hope they fix this bug.
ghayas baig : this game is very nice. i've been playing this game for a long while now. the only problem im facing is that i re installed the app after which my achievments are reset aswell. even though im signed in with my google account and it shows my high score and achievments aswell but the game starts from level 1 :(
jack xhemali : i usually play mobile games for maybe a week or so then delete it and get a new one. this game however is fantastic in its art, mechanics, and music, and i absolutely love it. one thing it could use is maybe a leaderboard kind of deal so we can see how we compare to our friends.
chris laplante : such an amazing game. reminds me of ski free for windows 95, but way better. ost is great, graphics and mechanics are superb! fun and addictive. thank you for a great time killer. also, the game uses no data, ill put my phone on airplane mode and game runs with no problem, you just cant revive by watching a video because youre on airplane mode. best game for a phone ive played in a long time.
chris pierce : loved this game until your stupid noodlecake ads kept crashing the game. i was in the middle of my best round, and this ad pops up, doesn't pause the game i quickly get rid of it, only to watch the app crash 2 seconds later. i can not play this game until this is fixed, just because of the randomness of the ad popping up.
yuquan tan : it's like ssx in 2d for mobile. edit: i don't mind giving the option to watch a video but now there's pop up ads out of nowhere during game play. that really kills the mood for me. i paid money for a game so to still have ads is uncalled for. down from a 5 to a 3 now
benjamin k : i really enjoy this game- the graphics are stunning, the music is perfect, and the gameplay is simple but satisfying. my only issue with this game is that it doesnt have much variety- there are some changes in setting, but they have minimal if any impact on gameplay. i'd like to see more environments, obstacles, and active events like the elders.
will francis : this is a great little game that blends skill and speed into an enjoyable time-wasting diversion. the replay value is definitely high. the graphics look gorgeous and really capture ambient light well. no need to pay to win either. my only complaint is that i wish once you beat all the levels they let you go back and try and complete any you may have skipped through coins. but that's a small gripe. definitely download.
a h : this game has surpassed the likes of subway surfers, temple run etc easily. i was amazed after playing this one. beautiful picturization of events. loved it i'll recommend everyone to have a go at it once. only suggestion plz add the day- night option coz it becomes difficult to play in dark rooms or at night.
matthew balconi : simple yet elegant graphics and gameplay. there's only one control (jump) but there's a lot of gameplay around just that one action like many side scrolling games. i like the changing weather/daytime conditions a lot, and the sense of speed once you really get going.
richard cagle : love this game. smooth controls, beautiful animations, and gorgeous art abound. i found the leveling challenges to be tough but fun. i really dislike the day/night cycle. at night it loses a lot of its aesthetic appeal because things are just silhouettes and rather than it making the game more fun, i found it frustrating to run into a rock that blended with a tree. still, fantastic game. play it!!!
adrian anderson : elegant graphics and decent physics. not a lot of "help" info however. took me a while to figure out where to change the character - main page, little bubble that looks like "sharing" next to sitting character. otherwise wildly intuitive (some characters do backflip faster than others).
erik g. : the game is stunning. it gives you a slight feeling of being mystical. but it just doesn't have much purpose. the power ups are rare and the only trick you can do is a backflip. the only purchases increase the duration of the rare power ups. i'd've liked to have seen more tricks or atleast the ability to increase backflip speed. aside from graphics, all you do is slide down a hill collecting coins and running into llamas. unless you're in a competition with a friend, the game has no goal really.
nathan charteris : this game its really fun and enjoyable to play, but some times it can be mean top you. for example: when i die in front of a rock or something, and i watch the ad or pay 1500 of my coins and i respawn, there isn't enough time to jump over it.
lindsay gaines : this is a gorgeous little game with a great mechanic. thanks to the developer for making it free! small bug, the game seems to reset my device sound whenever i start a new run! if i'm listening to background music the track will simply stop playing. galaxy s3 running cyanogenmod.
atandor : amazing game. amazing graphics. amazing gameplay. well done to the developer(s). my only two very small pet peaves; somtimes going into an add can black out the screen, forcing me to reset the game. and i find the game to be slightly repetitive (especially when ur reaching longer distances and ur waiting for something interesting) . otherwise one of the best games out. :)
adrian : love the game but i find it near impossible to play when it's night mode, have turned my brightness up etc to no avail :( coins don't bank up quick enough either, takes forever. change the stupid night time issue and i will give 5 stars
hannah klasky : hours of fun, limited ads, quick replay, and constantly changing landscape make this game a pleasure to play. not to mention it's just plain beautiful! i feel little to no stress playing this game even when i die, as there is unlimited replay and pleasant music and sound effects to keep me calm. keep up the awesome work game designers!
tim span : no idea how to get new snowboarders, you end up getting chased by a guy on a llama without knowing how to beat him. i'm assuming just go faster but that means doing tricks all the time unless another snowboarder goes faster
lifetake : i really love this game. just finishing up the missions. one thing though is i really hate the final character. he is just an easy compilation of all the characters abilities. i loved the game for using the different characters to complete the missions. now there is no point to me not picking this guy. why pick any of them when he can do all. it just killed what i liked about the game. if i would suggest change him to have a new ability and in later updates add new characters to unlock and new powerups.
timothee c.d. : i used to like the fun of ski safari, but alto is more my kind of high. only thing maybe is, as good as it is, i don't see enough incentive to motivate myself to beat all the challenges. past level 35-40, it gets a bit repetitive. looking forward to the next adventure.
amey talekar : i can keep playing this game for hours. it has amazing 2d visuals and the cleanest graphics i have seen in a long time. the background score blends beautifully with the scenery and the setup. an additional bonus, despite being free it has minimal advertising nuisance.
jim krueger : intrusive pop-up ads ruined it. they even add them for paying players. i don't say they ruined it because it's annoying, but rather because the ads pop up during game play. with the ad on screen the game continues and your player will crash, ending your run. this is doubly annoying when it happens after i watched a 30 second ad to revive my player, only to have a pop-up on screen when he revives, causing him to crash almost immediately while i try to dismiss it. avoid this game until they remove pop-up ads.
ev mattison : originally game the game 5 stars. is a awesome game. however, i just got a new devise (which everyone must do at some time), when i re-installed the game and signed into google, i lost all my progress. i had just reached level 22 and finally unlocked the 4th skier only to now have to start all over again. not happy. if there is a way to fix this and restore my game, would be a 5 star game again. otherwise, not worth putting the time into playing with knowing it's a waite of time.
smile more : the definition of a mobile game, that you can waste you time on, i could pick up my phone open this game sit down and a smile would slowly come about my face because of the peaceful nature, music, and gameplay. very smooth, nice, and to be honest ( the wingsuit is the best thing of all time. ) gorgeous animation, and controls by the way 10/10 to the devs.
kill _me : ok i have had alot of fun on this game but there's a small bug. sometimes when we tap the screen he doesn't jump. this has been happening alot. please fix and thank-you so much for making this awesome game!
the pendulum : very nice game, but since the last update i often suddenly can no longer jump. a lot of challenges also rely too much on getting lucky with the generator, making challenges like 'catch 3 lamas while hovering' almost impossible!
dean walker : this is very strange because the gameplay is so simple, but i find myself addicted to this game. the music, the graphics, the dynamic weather, everything is just so great. also, the game is not that hard to the point that you need to spend real money on it like other games out there. the music. its just so good that everytime i play, i wear headphones. if the creators would share the music to us, that would fantastic.
andy ho : i don't normally do reviews on my own but i must applaud you for this game and more importantly the ad free aspect makes this game so much more enjoyable. all that i ask for in future update is to provide an option to disable day cycle, the night time makes it hard to see what goes on.
lost ezekiel : this is the best free to play i've had the pleasure to play on android so far. its aesthetic, its music are charming. it's simple yet engaging and challenging. and its monetisation is so well done every other game should learn from it. it is the kind of game that you would expect not to be free, given how good it is. i cannot recommend this enough. if you haven't tried it yet, stop reading already and click "install". you'll be glad you did.
hera sharif : i have never left a review for any mobile games before, but this game is phenomenal. the graphics are absolutely gorgeous. the transitions between day and night, the sunset and the sunrise, weather effects and particles are distractingly beautiful. the music is very well done and serves the purpose of creating a calm atmosphere just right. the mechanics are pretty straightforward and there's nothing to complain about at all. all in all a beautiful game sell worth your time.
struf kurdy : but it has undeniable flaws. like the day/night cycle makes for sublime sceneries, but it takes from the visibility. also the backflips are way too slow to be fun, you end up your face on the snow way to many times because of that.
fatal kill : love the real time background cool graphics best gameplay. your trully amazing guys! can you add more enemy other than elder chasing, like pack of wolves or polar bear and pls. add more freestyle tricks to get more better. backflip is not enough tho.
ian g. : i'll edit this review to 5 stars when the bug gets fixed, but tupa's special ability with chasms doesn't work on android. he's still an awesome character but falling into a chasm is supposed to revive him once. and it literally doesn't work on android. even if you don't hit the rock wall. he just dies. flawless game apart from that one thing.
diptanu paul : the graphics and music is the reason i keep playing this game. the gameplay needs a lot of improvement. there are so many things this game can do. i hope to see some major upgrades which is really necessary coz there is not much challenge other than skating and completing mission. also the physics of the game has to be more real life like and more smooth. currently it is a buggy one. there can be more elements and areas of exploration in the game. the environment is good but it should show more. i guess an option of high and low gfx can be there. although i didn't get a chance to see if this game can sync data with other devices or not. but it is something u should have. i may not have this game forever but if i do reinstall, i don't wanna start from scratch.
paul h : noodle cake's ads pop up and interrupt the game, but don't pause it. so a pop up blocks you from playing and then one of two things happens: you either lose to an obstacle that you can't avoid, or you manage to get rid of the ad on time to save your character from death... but either way the game crashes right after that. so despite being a beautiful little game, it's basically not worth playing now until they fix it.
stefan miron : i usually don't make game's reviews, but this this is an exception, very good graphics, performances and beautiful ideas .... i founded 2 little bugs : one is with the ramp - when i have maximum speed and wingsuit activated i reach the end of the ramp and the games thinks i have crashed... the other one is the same thing - maximum speed, wingsuit and when i bounce from a rock the player is instantly smashed into the ground - i mean i'm exactly into the map
a google user : i love this game. i generally don't like these endless runner style games but this one is well made with simple yet gorgeous graphics. the music is really nice too. i've been addicted a few weeks now
victor warren : it took me a moment to figure out the controls (they're so simple it's scary), and a bit longer to get into the rhythm. but once i did, the game just took off. what a wonderful, delightful experience that changes every time you play. see how far you can go!
tejal sutrave : here you are playing and enjoying the game n suddenly your player crashes from the snowboard. then u see what happened exactly and then you come to know it crashed on the obstacle. so,there should be a way to disable day night cycle. because it is very difficult to see obstacles in night mode. otherwise the game is very amazing. loved game
amanda fowler : this game is so well made and easy to use. the whole style, atmosphere and graphics are very calm and soothing. everytime i open up the app it sends me on a journey and i love every second of it. i would recommend this game to anyone of all ages! i love the fact that the ads on the game or a choice rather than being forced on you. it makes it so you want to watch ads so you can revive the charcters and keep playing.
josephus dela serna : graphics are superb as well as the audio, but its laggy in my device so i didnt have a chance to enjoy it. if you have better device than me download this game i think its really good. im using asus zen pan 1gb ram.
jon fey : i've been having some issues with the game not allowing me to jump after i've paused it, even after starting starting a new run. this game has kept me interested, but it's harder to complete some of the tasks with this persistent issue. i would recommend this game to friends.
kedar munje : awesome game! it has very smooth animations. different concept. though the
night time gets a little dark and won't be able to spot the obstacles
easily, even in full brightness. so if you can make it "evening time"
rather than night it would be great! otherwise all good.
nate parker : edit: still no fix for my lost data. edit:now all data from my phone is gone. played for weeks to get as far as i was. fix it. first off this game is great. i'm on level 41 on my phone (mxpe) and can't sync my progress with my nexus 7 (2013). 5 stars once they fix this oversight.
blake veit : graphics are simple but enjoyable. gameplay is easy to learn but hard to master. only four stars because whenever i crash and it prompts if i want to revive by watching a video, i click on watch video but 99% of the time it says "video unavailable" or just freezes the game on a black screen.
brian davenport : i loved this game until the recent update. now every time i initially open the game an advertisement for pull the tongue pops up. when i click no thanks, alto's adventure closes and i have to reopen to be able to play. very frustrating. would not recommend until this is fixed.
hari prabhu : one of the best game i've played so far. graphics are top-notch, game physics are amazing, and especially the music and sound effects are unbelievable (the sound effects of thunders are freakingly life-like). shows you guys worked really hard on every single detail. kudos!
ethan hayward : very fun game, great graphics. there's just one thing that bothers me. no matter how fast paz goes, he always trips over rocks instead of smashing through them.
filip h : one of the best games i played till last week when new game advert pops up mid game and when you press "no thanks" for installing it kicks you out completely. please remove it or set it on the beginning / before you start new round so it won't interrupt.
a google user : i really enjoy this game. great art direction, fun gameplay, and i love the attention to detail and weather cycles. the only thing i find frustrating is some of the achievements/goals. often, a goal will be something like "catch five llamas while hovering," but then there will never be any llamas around when you get the hover feather (at no fault of the player). i think the game logic should be more "aware" of the goals of that level to ensure there will be (for example) llamas around when you need them.
casey owens : this game is to good. i won't to see this grow so much. i never pay for games but this one i would. id even pay for add one or a second one. this is a group of heard working creators that get how to keep you addicted to a game without making you give up real money. just so great nice job guys thank you for making this small beautiful world for me to just kill sometime in. and to the artists. they clean lines smooth colors and lighting . it really makes this feel like a beautiful outdoor mountain experience.
lloyd barclay : used to love this game, the video ads were annoying and data intensive but at least it was my choice to watch them. now after the most recent update there are ads that pop up in the middle of the game (without pausing gameplay) and if i click that i don't want it, it shuts the game down! i won't be playing this game any longer.
richard cullen : looks great, audio is perfect. i want to like it, but constant crashing of the game destroys it all. nothing is worse than a near flawless run interrupted by ads for the companies other game that when closed completely closes the entire game and drops all your progression... tried on two wildly different devices with the same result. shame.
benjamin cox : so i've gotten to the point where i can score in excess of 75k trick points per run, but it shuts down. it shuts down sometimes while trying to "revive" a character...and when it reloads the game, none of the run i was just working on is saved! that just plain sucks! why put the effort into the entertainment if i get none of the rewards?!
nirmit upadhyay : amazing game. but as you progress, there is a saturation point (which comes for all games); but somehow in this one it comes up very quick. the developers can add more characters and modify game a li'l more, to keep the gamers intact and not get bored quickly!
leivon sanjay : goals are good enough to hook you up for a long time. but the real charm is in its visuals. retro-styled minimalistic graphics are hard to ignore. atmospheric sound effects really brings the game come to life. shifting in day-night and in weathers is so seamless. landscapes are so beautifully created. no gamers could skip to glare for a moment further away mountains at down as you sliding down with your skateboard. definitely recommend to everyone!!
the one-take djentleman : great game, simple to play and is rewarding when you get a good run going. unfortunately when you die, the option to revive your character by watching a video causes the app to crash more often than not, and it's a bit annoying when you've got a sweet score and you have to start all over :( other than that it's great and i'd recommend it anyway, even though it's prone to crash. giving 3 stars because of the crashing, but honestly it is a great game. download it, maybe it won't crash for you!
noah bernhardt : this game was pretty amazing before noodlecake started spamming you about their new game with a pop-up that crashes the game more often than not. the game itself is a lot of fun, especially after you unlock the 2nd character, so beat the 1st 10 challenges fast (shouldn't take more than 30 minutes). then save up for the wing suit. will change to 5 stars if they fix the ad bug
miguel colon : this game is awesome ! you just pick up and play. one thing , you guys should add multiplayer like versus. me and my freind love this game the only thing that would make it perfect is if we were able to face eachother. but other than that great game noodlecake !
roman shah : one of the best (perhaps it is the best !) games i have ever played. the graphics and sounds are beautiful, rarely games get good as this. and the best thing: a buyer can get the same thing as a non-buyer, they just need patience and some skill. the only thing you can buy is the coin doubler. truly, the best game i have ever played.
the zman : this game was a blast until you added startup ads. they crash it every time. now they've started popping up after i "watch a video" ad to resume play, and cause my player to crash in the game. way to ruin the game. deleted because of this.
catherine : it's a brilliant game. the graphics are beautiful and the scenery is a thrill to see. it's a basic upgrade game where one can pick up coins and spend them in the shop to buy things that might better their next score. there aren't many in app purchases that i can see; there's only one that can double your rings. there aren't many advertisements either, only the ones you can choose to watch in return for 500 coins. overall, it's a pretty good game. though you're pretty much doing the same thing over and over again.
tullio forteleoni : nice game. to be honest though, a lot of mechanics aren't really explained properly so you're left trying stuff haphazardly and ending up failing most of the time; furthermore, that day/night cycle ends up being extremely annoying and pretty much a hindrance to your gaming experience.
j freeman : gameplay, music, background scenery is absolutely beautiful and stimulating. i can't help but be reminded of game journey while playing this and i have a feeling there's a connection. this one is therapeutic game play and i keep coming back. thank you developers, please continue making more like this!
laura lockwood : easy way to get proximity flying goal (discovered accidentally)! activate wingsuit and fly along a stretch of bunting (i did it over a chasm). the bunting counts as the ground so you can fly as close to it as you want without smashing into anything. done and done! oh and this game is awesome. download it.
vincent chee : alto is art. it is a luxury feeling to play this game after a long day in train travelling home. it is nice to see, and beautiful listen, the whole experience is unique. meditation-like music and detailed crafted sound effects. it is enjoyable to listen the music although it has only one music track for the whole game, but you will not get bored of it. the sound effects crafted with harmony with the music, it has no over exaggerated sound effect to enhance the experience. you can tell the texture of the snow by the sound, the speed when wind sound getting louder, even the sound of crash is so nice to listen (the 'gong' sound). the beautiful art. different scenario will change throughout the day, and every scene brings unique feelings. the beautiful sunset, starry night, snowy day, rainy day, vibrance day time. the music and graphics matched perfectly well, too much enjoyment from this art piece. thanks for bringing out the feeling of snowboarding to people like us where snowboarding is impossible. i enjoy very much, thank you for making this game.
thomas : but so limited ! ain't much of an adventure : all you do is race downhill, trying to catch a couple llamas. the "upgrade" options are extremely limited. too bad really, because the graphics are beautiful and the music really nice. but the overall product really gives a feeling of being unfinished.
matthew demas : alto's adventure is an excellent endless runner game. it's easy to play and provides fun, optional challenges that result in unlockable characters with unique abilities. the visuals are crisp, minimal, and beautiful. the music sets a mood that inspires wonder while providing relaxation. it's completely free to play with a smart revenue structure. once you fall, you can either start a new run or continue that run by watching a short ad or paying with coins you've easily earned through gameplay or purchased.
pepe pls : awesome game,beautiful visual,amazing weather and day night cycles. however when i die and hit the option of watch video to revive, the video plays and after it ends the screen goes blank and needs restart. no revive :( happens all the time on my asus zenfone 2
dillon sander : not worth downloading in my opinion. lacks content, ingenuity, and control options. even rewards for completing the goal based levels are none existant. this game sucks period. something i've never had to say about a game before. there is nothing noteworthy or redeeming here. this is a poor waste of time.
a google user : i struggle with depression and anxiety, and i have come to find that this game provides an easy way to cope. the music is peaceful and serene, and the graphic are impressive for a free game. i just wish it was easier to spot the rocks on the terrain, as they kind of blend in.
harun akar : it is one the best games i have ever played. it is simple and playful. the graphics and musics effects make it more beautiful. i love the realistic weather phenomenons and the light effects by the weather and in addition that the sound effects. when it snows, when it rains, when the sun sets and rises you really feel it. i would like to thank all whoever was part of this game.
n r hegde : the this is i was super excited while downloading to play this game. i rated it low because it does not run on my asus zenfone 5 with jelly bean os. as soon as i open the game it shows "unfortunately alto has closed". so plzz creators giveme an idea to play this game and rate it 5 stars. thank you.
zoya ahsan : i love this game and would of given it 5 stars however there are some problems in the gameplay. the jump control sometimes does not work, it backflips when i only tap once or it backflips too far or twice when i only want to backflip once. when this happens it makes me crash. please fix and this game would definitley be worth 5 stars
chris peck : i love this game. it's fantastic, it's beautiful, relaxing. everything about it i enjoy. and i'm the type of person who doesn't mind paying for the things they love. i want to support your art. this team really needs a paid version where i don't have to sit through videos between lives. it's very frustrating. please, please, please make a paid version of this game so i don't have to watch ads. at least give people a choice to have a ad version or ad-free paid version. would pay 3 to $5 no problem.
krishna a : one of the most beautiful games of ios is here on android for free. its soothing and relaxing. go enjoy. but the goals beyond a point will become unrealistic, as in two triple back flips in a single run. otherwise a great game.
ryland davis : complete rip off of ski safari, and the things that are different arent that good. the night cycle is just annoying and often makes it hard to see if that is a rock you are about to hit or a piece of the scenery. also you only get one chance, once you crash you lose. ski safari does that so much better
garrett s : great game, great graphics, great music. but i feel like something is missing that puts it over the top. a change in scenery would be nice aka new maps. also it's hard to see when it's night time in the game even on full brightness.
yasfi : not that different with other similar games: fun at first, keep playing, and the game become so easy and totally boring. the cost for second chance unreasonably high so you have no options but forcing us to watch ads video, unwise. suggestions for devs: you should add some new environments and obstacles with difficulty increases during the game. more power up and gifts also good
batmon wayne : at first i was in doubt in seeing the "2d" art style of the game but after a few seconds my mind clicked and realized how every detail down to the sound and animation when having performed a backflip was perfect. very few devs can execute a phone game to this level, the game doesn't attempt to facade something thats it's not. the leveling and in-game currency are not p2w and executed very well. the game is simple yet has a skill curve, the combo system is well made and the music matches the flow very well.
peter o'neill : great gameplay, beautiful graphics and they have really nailed the free to play model with rewards for watching adverts but you can choose not to and still have the ability to progress. well done guys and thanks for making this.
martin lee : i stopped playing for a month because i couldn't view an ad for a retry, because it would crash the game, and this always happens when i'm trying to clear achievements/unlockables. now that i can view the ad, just after viewing it another ad pops up just after viewing it for one of your brand new games! and then that crashes my game, this time just when i had cleared 13/15 chasms for the last achievement at my level. i can't be bothered playing this totally unrewarding game anymore, it's ruined with ads.
roll with it : great graphics... handling is a bit rigid. and rocks are often hard to spot before its too late... and then it is just that, too late. you get one chance unless you waste time watching a commercial. the handling feels especially bad if you have played ski safari.
dustin mauk : worked great until an update. now, i get noodlecake ads that popup after watching an ad and makes the game crash. i also get the noodlecake ads as soon as the altos splash screen loads, and it crashes. the game is fun and addicting and easy to play, but this crashing after your ads are killing me! please fix. lg g3
twinborn : this is a great game with a lot of potential and i think it could become one of the best games on the play store but it just needs more tricks and things to buy. i feel like i want to have to learn tricks and master them but the only trick there is is a backflip. if you guys would add more tricks and things to buy i would be extremely greatful!
nathan oshea : this is probably the most used game on my phone. i play it all the time if is so addictive. the art style is amazing as you can see from the pictures. if i had to choose from 1-10 (ten being the most liked and 1 being the most disliked) i would choose 11/10. overall i would highly recommend this game.
anupam tiwari : addicting adventure with sweet music to calm your nerves. one can play this game for hours. best thing is you don't need internet connection to play. we dont have internet everywhere, game are the best timepass at such places. but many games of this age require internet. thank this game is very useful.
i nvm : the upsides to this game include the amazing graphics for a mobile device. the downsides are how boring it gets, and fast. it took me only a few runs to have exhausted everything i could do, and mastered it at that- the tricks were limited to a backflip, grinding, and just plain old jumping. along the way down, you collect llamas, and i'm not exactly sure what purpose collecting these does. all in all, a decent game worth the download but you won't throw a lot of time into this game
vikramajit singh : such a beautiful game and that too with a great overall gameplay. it's such a rare combination of perfection. and the bonus is, it's free. i totally loved how time and season changes, accompanied by such natural sound effects, snowboarding through the forest and the adventurous gameplay of course. it makes me miss the mountains. no 'game' ever did that. but the repeating soundtrack gets boring at times. if more such beautiful soundtracks can be added to the game, then it will become a complete package! :)
etay afriat : its a good game but i was disappointed to find out that i cant sync my progrees to my new phone. plus i have made contact with the developers that didnt answered me besides an auto reply message that doesnt help. very disappointed i dont think i'd play your games again.
etherealscorpions : whenever i revive, i watch the ad. that's fine. after i've revived, however, a pop up for a different game shows up while my character is moving and i'll quite often die again because i can't close the ad in time. on top of that, closing the ad by pressing the 'no thanks' button closes the game.
yaniv chernish : the game looks very polished, sounds good and runs smooth. the idea is also quite nice. but the ui ruins everything, it's just garbage, got me so frustrated that i deleted this game after giving it multiple chances
greg r : on first start up, mind set of a simple game. soon turned into enjoying every aspect of detail. from weather, and day-night cycles. to the fast pace. enjoying every run i make and goals that i can achieve. great job guys, keep on with the exciting work.
luke jackson : i don't normally write reviews but i couldn't resist with this app. this game feels and plays like a $5 game but it's free! the graphics and lighting are some of the best i've seen and the gameplay keeps it addicting to come back and play. there are goals to work towards to maintain interest but i do feel more cosmetic items should be introduced. overall this game is one of the best free games i've played and there aren't even ads that interrupt gameplay.
rafael juan alfredo luz : a good game with a beautiful overall aesthetic. now can you please stop showing ads while my character is skiing downhill at the same time. ads are fine being tied with the revive mechanic, but not during the actual gameplay. your noodlecake ads have shown up too many times while playing, then crashes the whole app when i tap "no thanks". it's a good game if i can see what i'm doing (because of noodlecake ads) and if it saves my progress (because of crashes)
carlos : what is up with the feather power up, its more like a power down, so that i go out of my way to avoid them. like, i feel like im going slower than before? and i completely hover over rocks and coins... maybe im overreacting, but please consider a better powerup, maybe like a invincibility powerup. it would have the same benefits the feather is supposed to have, except you can actually pick up coins, and you are able to rock smash. i dunno, just a suggestion.
elyse hyde : i cannot locate the scarf that can be purchased for 3.99. i saw it then it disappeared! i tried everything.still cant find. thanks alot fir fixing,now i can choose to see an ad.happily did not have to uninstall.i still hate the psycho chasing me for no reason.o dont get it.how are you not respecting uour elders by looking for your llamas?
greta galbraith : if you like games that are pleasing on the eye then this is for you! beatuiful backdrops, day to night cycles and weather systems all look stunning while you speed down mountains and through villiages. the gameplay is smooth and flawless. ads are annoying but you don't need to watch too many, just start back at the top of the mountain if you die. love the level up tasks and the progression through characters. addictive!
zach wotruba : this is a great game, but i hate that i'm forced to watch 30 second ads every time i crash if i want to continue. at least give me the option to pay to remove that "feature". i'm never going to buy any of the advertised games anyway.
themissingpatient : this game is calming as a time waster and a lot of fun for free gaming. easy to play anywhere, any time and the simple graphics are easy on the eyes.
a google user : there is some noticeable lag going on, and the ios version doesn't try to nickel and dime you left and right. you pay once for the app, and that's it. i'd gladly pay for a version that didn't pester me for money at every turn.
vinit rathod : i am in love with this game i just loved the graphics and also the background sounds quality. mostly i don't play games but this game is just awesome i am addicted to this game thank you "noodlecake studios inc" for making such an awesome game...
harold reyes : please help me retrieve my previous alto game. screen of my samsung galaxy note 2 has been broken and i can no longer use it nor recover my files and games. i already unlocked the first unlockable character (girl; you can see it on my achievements). my level is already above 10 but can't remember the exact level i had, even the items i purchased and their levels. this is the first snow boarding game i ever played and i can say that this is one of the best android games ever. i hope you can help me recover my previous game and in the future, there will be an option to save the game via cloud or so. thanks!!
djwm : the game is fun and simple, but lacking in some things. it does have many characters but no upgrades to the characters. and a customisable character would be awesome like changing boards with attributes and clothes etc. but for now it's fun good job noodlecake :)
hemant kashyap : don't go on that 2-d world. the game is very beautiful than almost every 2-d game. although there is some room for improvement. overall, nice game, i love playing it, especially when i'm not connected to internet, it helps me spend my offline time. good attempt by noodlecake studios. keep up the good work guys. ;-)
steven trunz : i really like the game but it has a minor flaw which i'd like to address. every time i start it an ad for another game by noodlecake starts (which is okay, you devs need to get an income too..). under that ad you were so friendly by putting a download and skip button. of course i press skip because i don't want these games. this then makes my game i just wanted to play close itself so i have to completely restart it again to finally play a run down the hill.. kinda feels unessessary starting the game twice.. :/
sean fleming : i have only one concern. reviving is a good idea, but it's implemented in an annoying way. it's always the first screen you see after you crash. the end run button is hard to control. it always needs to be pressed 2 or 3 times to work. i would suggest moving the end button to the next screen and making a square timer around it. or fix the original button to work the first time instead of the 2nd or 3rd time. otherwise a great game!
zackariah ausgotharp : the app always crashes after in game ads are shown, not the ads you can watch to revive alto but the ads for other noodle cake games that usually pop up after you've completed a run or when you launch the game. not entirely sure but i think it fails to record the data prior to the crash, unfortunately. other than that all i have to say is that it's a pleasant-to-look-at-time-killer with nice music and great atmosphere. really pretty from a humble artist's perspective. thanks for making it free.
jose velazquez : beautiful game, but man does it love it some battery. and don't touch the processor end of your device after playing for a while. don't care though, totally worth it when you watch the sun rise in the distance as you ride down the mountain.
maja vencel : my phone update marshmallow and the game started hiccuping and slowing down it slows down much more when it's in the trees. when the graphics are more intense
subinoy ghosh : game is very goodbut i signed in with my google play account in my new phone but didn't synchronized fully well. i can see my achivements but can't play with my unlocked characters. have to play from beginning. the process is not taking place. please fix the problem else not going to play it.
prashanth kumar : pros : you feel relaxed just while at skiing for real,, easy to level up. cons : night time is too dark,, sometimes can never get speed for chasms. need online save. need more types of power ups n stunts, not just flips,,
ananya bhardwaj : great game, it's beautiful to look at and easy to play while being an endless runner that's difficult to do. great, great experience playing it. one of the absolute best games on android. more developers need to learn to make their games as visually appealing as this.
james netusil : you need to fix the watch video feature. many times it will simply show a black screen and then the game won't return. yes i am connected to internet. this flaw has ruined several very good runs.
justin anderson : i wish there were more games like this; not only focused on interesting game-play, but on building a good atmosphere of a game. smooth music, changing environments, simple and clear setting- yet beautiful- and it is truly relaxing. even if you fail, you don't really freak out ( maybe occasionally. but hey nothings perfect), you just start back up and enjoy the ride down the miuntain.
ara patvakanian : i love the game but after i reinstalled it i connected it google play. it said i had some of the achievements that i did have but it doesn't let me change my character (i got up to paz) or do anything else. developers please resolve this problem (feel free to email me). again, i appreciate what you do!
pratik jadhav : this will be the first review am writing! this game is just awesome, i have just started and it will be one of the games am looking forward to playing for a long time. also best part is the soft music playing in background. it's just relaxing ..keep on sking
sharath kumar m.s. : this game is a visual treat! it takes you on an epic journey , changing weather and daily sun and and the moon cycle. what makes this game so outstanding is it so close to the nature and the mystical things happening around us that goes unnoticed in the busy world we live in. playing this game is truly an adventure and like a psychedelic trip on the icy mountains. thanks to the developers and the team who gave us such a wonderful game filled with love and positive vibe. :)
tarun sidharth : i had to reset my phone and when i installed it after that i ended up losing all my progress. i thought you guys backed up to play games coz i connected it to the app. an otherwise beautiful (and buggy) game that is let down because of a very important but missing feature.
a google user : this game pretends to have a simple story, but it never develops it nor it finishes it. a simple "thank you for playing" message is all you get after completing all goals. the goals are repetitive and not very creative. overall the game is entertaining but it missed out on the possibility of making it memorable.
why keen tham : wonderful game! just a comment about the paid option though. it's not really compelling enough for me to spend the money on that feature alone. i still paid though because i love you guys and want to support you, but maybe next time figure this out? maybe the wingsuit would be a good paid option?
ramy fanous : since yesterday, after watching a video a new window shows up asking you to download a game. no matter what you press (no thanks / get it), alto gets restarted.... no reason any more to watch a video as you need to restart right after...
a google user : this is a beautiful game. who could ever tire of watching lamas slide down snowy mountains on their bums? it's challenging, yet addictive and it's so nice that you can actually play all of it without having to pay. it's worth watching a ton of videos early on (i kept hitting the "watch a video" button whilst doing the ironing) as this will enable you to 'purchase' useful power-ups with the coins acquired.
bruce glennon : great game. level progression is smooth and obvious, and it is easy to unlock the most fun characters quickly. you can watch ads for money, which is a nice way of implementing f2p. excellent.
lachlan hibbert-wells : seriously! i loved playing the game - it's beautiful, fun and challenging - and i completed all the levels and achievements but in that two weeks the app used over 250mb of mobile data and over 1gb over wifi! why would a mobile based line rider game need that?! if that's just for confirming achievements etc then something is super broken in this app and it stops me from giving 5 stars.
wes blaney : great game, smooth clean and simple game, and fantastically addicting. i came up on level 30 turned the phone off for the night and the game reset to the beginning! seems this is the only app that reset so no idea why alto got the chop. too bad, i liked the game.
rose marshall : looks like fun but it's bordering on impossible to see in the dark. also, i'm unable to close the game on an acer tablet which puts me off playing. will keep checking to see if there are any changes.
niel coetsee : i've had this game for about a year and only got to rating it now. i should've rated it earlier, but rather late than never. this is truly an exceptional game that can soothe and be fun simultaneously. brilliant visual design and music with a cute theme going on that makes you forget you're losing hours into it. the game offers many challenging yet fun and rewarding challenges that keeps you coming back. i can't recommend it enough. thank you developers for still producing quality free games one can enjoy without forcing any microtransactions or advert on the player. a big ol' double thumbs up from me!
adrian chen : if only you could add synced progress or cloud saves for those that play on multiple devices, that would make it perfect. i want highscores to be synced and purchased items to be synced too! i don't want to have to work to buy it twice on a different device!
caly cannon : this app started lagging real bad. it's hard to play now even though i love the graphics and the game play.
david c : i am completely amazed that the developer did not put login credential access in the source code. i had to wipe my device to clean it up and was not able to log back in. i lost all of my progress and all of my coins. ... other than that the game is fantastic.
n!te wlkr : at first i didn't like this game but i really got into, its almost addictive. really great game but its still missing features..well not missing but suggestion like character customization. but very awesome game and nice job for making it
tyler murphy : i really love this game, i play it whenever i have the chance to, but my friends also have it so whenever we play it at the same time we wish we could play together. please add a multiplayer mode to play with friends (disregard if already workig on multiplayer mode).
antonio ribeiro : stunning graphics and great playability. i really love those games based on challenges - rewards and multiple unlockable characters. but recently the game has begun crashing and crashing, specially after watching some video ads. i really hope that the developers fix this annoying issue soon.
rey dagal : i love the design of the game it is graphically relaxing to the eyes, it follows the graphic trends. the app runs smooth, i like how the seasons and time shifts which was pleasing to the eye i hope that they create another version of this probably for 2016
david gerbino : i'm having fun playing this game on my asus memo pad 7 (me572c) tablet. it was a rough start as the game was not working on my tablet at launch. it works great now. i wish there was an option to pay a fee to remove the ads.
john smith : beautiful game but there are a few easy things that need to be changed. the part where you have to jump over cliffs is a bit glitchy for me, not sure if its just my phone or what but i can never seem to be able to jump over it, even in the tuturial. night mode must have an off button, seeing the rocks is close to impossible unless you're in a darker room.
ryan mullett : super fun game. very good until the most recent update. now i have an ad that pops up on my main menu when i load in. no matter what i do with that ad it closes the app. i am level 50, so close to being done but it's frustrating being unable to play, hopefully they fix it soon.
tom mcdonald : this is one of the greatest android games i've ever played. you can play in 5 minute bursts or hours at a time. the ambiance is very relaxing and zen while at the same time nail-bittingly intense. the music and sound effects are amazing and the graphics blend perfectly. all in all, i can find very little to fault this game. while there are iaps in the game, you do not need to them complete it. everyone should try this game out!
teh_shaunz0r : love the game. on level 50. but now you've included an ad about your new game which crashes my game whenever it pops up. i'm trying to get to 75,000 trick points but your ad keeps ruining my runs
nurul farhain : this is one of the very few games that i'm very, very satisfied from the first play! i really love that it has day and night view/cycle and i really love the bgm too, it gives me this kind of nostalgic but calm feelings. the animations is so smooth and beautiful. great job dev team and i hope to see this game improve for something better (tho actually it's very good already, but no one says no for good improvements, right?)
zach stegman : when i first open it i am asked to get news from the developer. i say no thanks and it closes the game. when i open it up right after it works fine. not cool to be annoying for me not wanting your updates.
a google user : good game, but repeatedly the game goes unresponsive where if i touch screen the character does not jump or even react. in such a situation i need to restart the game thus losing everything earned up until that point. thankfully it did recognise one of the achievements completed when i had to shut it down once else that would have been a bummer. also sometimes the video will not play and therefore cannot continue. having forcibly exit the game at such times means all the collected gold is gone! frustrating!
a google user : i like this game for many reasons - easy to play, simple, addictive..but probably the best thing is the atmosphere. from the sound effects (i turn off the music - not because i hate it, i just love the sound fx. they are spot on!) to the visuals - the sun setting over the mountains, thunderstorms rolling in, night and day cycle - they really have created a superb atmospheric game. the only downer - and this truly breaks the atmosphere - is the ads you have to watch to revive. a pay version, ad-free please!
keenan seegobin : i like the game, the graphics are awesome and it's fun. you got to add more characters, maybe even change out the type of snow board, more customization , or even add new things to the stages like a new mountain, new quests to complete and new characters . i wish you all the best of luck
xavier allen : the game is great and all, very beautiful. and i'm glad the freezing problem on my tablet is finally gone. there's only 2 things that i wanted to note. the first thing: i started playing the game on my phone instead before the update came through, so now i'm lv 35 on my phone and only lv 1-2 on the tablet. i'd prefer to play on the latter device but idk if the game supports data transfer between devices like that. second: idk if this is because of the game itself or because of my phone's processing power, but i'll mention it here just in case. when i play on my phone, the game occasionally skips on me (i.e. no jump response across consecutive runs; random lag in animations; lag spikes just as i'm about to: crash land, bounce or crash into a rock or campfire, complete a challenge, hit a kicker, jump a wide chasm). in each case, 9/10 times it results in a crash and ends the run. in some cases this also causes me to run right through coins, llamas, and power-ups without actually collecting them. i don't seem to have that problem on my tablet though so is data transfer possible?
mad raisin : truly a great game, i just didn't like the wing suit, it has too much gravity for its cost. this game is totally worth playing and reviewing. let me glide more with the wing suit instead of climbing and falling.
roberto mezquia jr : so why the one star? i was at level 23 on my phone... i installed the game on my nexus player and had to start from level 1... okay, different device, maybe that's why... i also had to factory reset my phone for other reasons and after the reset, i had to start from level 1 again... with google play game data synced across devices, most info is there, levels is kind of important too and should be synced... please fix this and you'll have 5 stars from me!
david zita : this game is immersive...the scenery and soundtracks will blow you away...simple and addictive game. i give 5 stars to this games, they worked hard
zdenek k : catchy graphics and sound, but i found the gameplay very annoying: auto-dims so that you can't see much, hard to spot rocks ending your run. limited tricks.. might be by design, but i still don't like it.
amy johnston : the game's nightime stages are too hard to see. seems like a good game but i'm stuck at level 5 cos it's too hard to see.
mathew samuel : usually i dont review apps, but the elegant vibrant artwork and music does deserve appreciation. the sound of rain, the dusk landscape...it has so much just to relax ur entire day!
akash cs gowda : im using huawei honor 6 with 3gb ram... i dont have any problem even while playing gamelofts 3d games... but this games graphics looks all green in my phone... but trees, rocks, sand everything is green... please fix this for 5 star
akash lamkhade : the is simplistic and beautifully designed. the game play is easy and fun. i really loved the design of the game. elements like the sun, it's lens flare, the change of weather and the mountains. the soundtrack is also soothing. overall a very good game. keep up the good work going developers.
aditya damle : i travelled 50000 m the first day... so i must say i am addicted. it's really very interesting. i just wish we could perform a lot more manoeuvres than just back flips... just to make it more interesting
shahzaib samad : the night time makes it significantly harder to see everything including upcoming obstacles. perhaps add a toggle to a day/night/cycle
andrew james : avoid the feather! wish i could go back and sell the additional timer i purchased. stupid feather makes you miss all of the ice boosts and most of the coins. not a "power-up" at all, but a hindrance! also, points mean nothing (unless it's for a challenge) so don't worry about llamas or horns. coins are all that matter. otherwise i think this game is smooth, fun, addictive and beautiful! almost to level 60!
medico : finally a game to be played for fun & relaxation. wonderful vector graphics, perfect audio & visual effects, not to mention nice soundtrack. this game is extremely beautiful & serene, with some innocent children facing the ups & downs of life with fun & bravery. they enjoy their life without any grudge against anyone. again, its just artistically wonderful. suggestions: well just add a bit similiar but new soundtracks & add strength to wingsuit mode. my best wishes for the team.
gabriel palmer : this game is wonderful. i'm not 100% sure i like the advertising mechanics, but you are never forced to watch an ad. i guess the devs were a bit greedy because watching an ad gives you 5 times as many coins on you'll earn in the average run, so you can earn upgrades faster by watching ads rather than playing the game!!! that said, ads are completely optional, and upgrades don't help you that much anyway. the game is utterly beautiful, with so many small touches: weather, day/night cycle, etc. and so fun!
a google user : i love everything about this game. visually pleasing and fun to play. i also like how they don't hold their hand out for more money.
ricardo : fantastic game!! very well designed, user interaction is very well thought. easy to learn, lots of fun to play. graphics are superb, animations are really smooth. almost feels like you're snowboarding on the andes! pick maya as soon as you can, so you can easily link one stunt to the next with back-flips, for added score and fun.
veronika vartanova : the game has beautifully designed layouts, mindblowingly seamless weather/day-night animation and fashionable, aesthetically pleasing color pallette, highly (heh, materially) stylized graphics, fantastic sound design, smooth and polished ui... but it's kinda boring. the achivements are okay at first, but soon one realises there's no reward system, almost no bages, no clear skill-upgrading and/or no feeling of increasing "challengeness" in-level. for such a beautiful game, with obviously huge amounts on time and work spend on production, it doesn't seem well thought on the most basic level (of a clean and clear achievement-reward system that hooks and keeps the player interested).
ashish rajak : great, sober and soothing design. i like these kind design based games with amazing adventure because i'm bored with all crashing, blasting and attacking. there should be some games without these things that can amuse. tupa is my favourite character.
jerry ginakis : love this game, good flow, great look. just wish the back flips mechanics were a little more lenient. would like some more upgrades too, even if they're mostly aesthetic. can't say enough how much i enjoy the game.
farhan shaikh : this my one of fev game on my mob ...when i playing this game then i forget this world. i will 1000 time death for this game..thanks snowman n thanx alto
john doe : amazing game! it's simply but gives you new challenges very often. only downside for me is the in game power ups aren't common at all and upgrading them is therefore pointless, and are normally placed near nothing
christopher boss : i'm not a person that likes playing mobile games but, the art style, gameplay, music and just sheer fun of this game is great. really great work, keep it up.
emmett p : everything about this game screams perfection, from the beautiful graphics, to the flawless mechanics, to the peaceful music, to the goals that are just hard enough to make you want to keep playing. i can play this game for hours on end.
jaejoong min : love the settings, esp the dusk. i've been playing it non-stop ever since i downloaded the game. love it, great job. and btw, love the lack of ads (i did watched a couple of them ads though, because i wanted to extend my life and is a cheater xd)
david k'shin gendron : literally kills my chance of winning as it pops up an install dialogue while i'm trying to play then kills the app after i tap cancel anyway. this version is unusable. looking forward to the next one.
jake richards : this game is very fun, except when your in night runs... you can hardly see anything. like i said this game is fun so i don't want to have to delete over stupid night mode. fix for 5 stars. thank u for your time.
jo : an ads suddenly pop out when i was playing and after clicking the "x" button it crash. fix it please, this game is awesome.
grant : lots of funny, but unplayable at times due to lag. don't see how this is possible on a flagship device.
jesus garcia : great game which is not fun to play in my galaxy note 4 (exynos) as there is a constant flash of colours on the screen in both backgrounds and foregrounds. please fix and i'll amend the review. i can provide screenshots or video if required.
business mails : good game , but i found a lag in the game. i was running using paz than in game paz strike with stone during game. as per rule game must be over but immediately game over but paz was running. i found this error.
prashant tudu : what a beautiful game. it's simple but challenging. the graphics are beautiful, gives you a calm emotion with its graphics and music. wow.
nitesh khatri : this is a really cool game. really loved the day night changes. you may work on different weathers as well like rainfall, snowfall, wind blowing or storm.
chintan pandya : i came across the game one and a half months ago. the first impression it puts on the user is very good. vision friendly user interface, changing the lights and scenes as per the day schedule is really good and creative. so on the u.i perspective its good (i have one complain , the low visibility level at night. i mean to increase the difficulty level and to damage someone's eyes are way different things.) . the main reason that i find this as a banal game because there is no variety in obstacles.
dylan barker : my only complaint is that it's too dark at night. rocks are hard to see and i sometimes lose track of my character midair (is he upside down or not). those are cheap deaths.
rthorofthehillppl : i just downloaded this game last night and already felt compelled to rate it 5 stars. the design is simple yet fun and the visuals are beautiful in their simplicity, as well. all in all, this is a great game anyone can enjoy.
ian scheid : yes the single option to back-flip makes/breaks the game but the challenge is compelling. catching air seems like it should get some point bonus even if no back flip happens.
chris eklund : the game itself is very good, but pop up ads that cause the app to crash are annoying.
koto gray : this game is so serene. it has to be one of the best games you can have if you need to calm yourself or just chill. the better you get at it, the more enjoyable it gets. a must have. after a while you can almost believe you are in the game
diana jennifer howard : hello guys, i had to change my review here after i installed the game on a new device which i boughy last week all my game progress is lost and i am not able to play from same level on which i was on previous android device ,it's a critical issue ,the same id iwas using in that device same id here too so it should sync the progress from google play server,kindly fix this issue
justin gibson : beautiful graphics.. just wonderful, and very simple! i play this game a lot, i recommend this game to anyone and everyone of all ages. there is one idea i thought about if you developers want to do it... it would be cool if the game were 2 players.. or maybe even 4 if possible to have a race down the mountain or something. or who can gain the highest score under a certain time limit. i'm not suggesting change what you guys have, but if you were to think of multiplayer, then those would be some ideas:)
jimwel anobong : implied simplicity yet amazingly stunning. clean in terms of visuals and prove that you need not to be that excessive to promote nice gameplay. idealistic to the developers by the way. nice job
sam & courtnay boateng : this is a beautiful game, however, my little sister was playing it and wanted to watch an ad to revive herself, and the walking dead ad came on and scared the daylights out of her. if your game has a young audience you probably shouldn't be putting violent, bloody, zombie ads on it.
felipe goncalves : the new noodle games notification in the beginning (the one you annouce a new game) is literally making my phone reset itself. could you guys look into this issue? i'd love to give you a five star review, but not if i can't play the game.
alannah peacock : noodlecake studios have worked their magic and created alto and his friends for this mystical adventure. i suggest get it. best free game ever.
peter touros : it was so smooth playing n pretty to watch but now its jumpy. a shame as it was my 1st n last game i played during the day, but now the bugs just frustrate n annoy. goodbye alto et al.
lyle cable : i love the relaxing music & the way we see day night cycle. it really is a work of art & other game developers can learn a thing or two. i hope in the near future you guys add more levels with more wonderful music
cody kicklighter : there doesn't seem to be any way to jump over the chasm at the beginning. looks great though but it's currently broken.
minh nguyen : i really enjoy playing this game. kinda repetitive, but it gets more difficult the further you go and they are challenges.
velikan : the ads after you crash are annoying. the game didn't really do that force you to watch them. if you wanted to be revived than yeah you could use the watch to leave where you left off but this. this is just blatantly annoying
luke mcadam : this game would be amazing if not for a few things. the night cycle makes it almost unplayable in natural light and the physics need work. if you're travelling too fast, jump and hit the tip of a rock (which should count as a rock jump) the physics read it as crashing, if you hit the tip of a ramp at high speed it can spaz out, change your angle and cause you to crash and if you're going too fast you can go straight through a rail which screws up good runs. other than that it's a fun and beautiful game.
bence hrotko : hey, give us the possibility to actually buy the game, hate those ads, so distracting.
rahul walia : the peaceful music,the graphics every thing in the game makes a bit you
relieved "for me a lot". moreover it gives you a game experience too but in
a more cozy way.
angelstar76 : the aesthetics of this game hooked me. i normally wouldn't play this kind of game but i love it. game goals are achievable without being too easy or hard. no pressure or need to purchase in game options to keep playing. you only see ads when you want to.
hezekiah domowski : the tutorial was fine, but the real game was really dark. i could barely see
raging bacon : let me start by saying this game is amazing. really fun. my biggest problem is the noodle cake "pull my tongue" game ad that pops up right in the middle of the game and screws you up.. it does not even pause your game!. if you try to close that ad it completely shuts your game down... i had a long run going until that ad pops up every single time! fix this please i want to rate this game 5 stars but i can't because of that annoying ad that crashes your game.
william pinkerton : so much fun. great way to pass the time and all in all a good game but
could use some more characters and power ups.
tj hacker : great game and very addicting. only annoyance is that i was on level 42 or something and i upgraded my phone and it deleted the data so i had to start all over again. this game should have saved progresses in the cloud so this doesn't happen again.
alexander a. : great game, amazing visual and sound design. one technical issue, there is bug showing up sometimes. when using bluetooth audio all game sounds repeats for a few times like an echo. game always becames very laggy to the moment you escape black elder :( probably something wrong with memory consumption, i've tried to leave phone to cool down with no effect on performance after lowering temperature. notice for the ones saying night is dark and long: i'm sure it's gameplay! and yes, it's winter!
marv gepte : was excited to see why the reviews are good. but it won't even work on my phone. i have an htc droid dna. uninstalling now.
eduardus ardy prakoso : i can't see rock when its become night. and the dangerous hazard has the same collor with the rock, i always jump when i see it
sean de la rosa : love the game. graphics are the real deal. but please make the night time more visible like put on some lights and stuff
travis williams : i would give you 5 stars if you wouldn't have rated m ads on a rated e game. please fix this atrocity. don't want my kids to see blood and guts pop up on such a beautiful looking game.
o0smoke0o 1 : easily the best never-ending runner style game i've played. super smooth and looks nice. also challenging - great work guys.
stanlin alexander : absolutely beautiful to play and ascetically. controls are easy and simple to master. the only complaint is ads on android version. i would gladly pay to get rid of the ads
kimura ryosuke : the graphics and sound track in this game is amazingly beautiful. its so relaxing to look at it and listen to. gameplay is smooth. quite challenging, nothing great, but best way to pass the time. p/s game keeps crashing when trying to play videos. please fix.
emerson green : i know the area is fictional, but i'm so confused about what mountain range the one in this game is inspired by. the names and presence of llamas implies the andes, but i don't think it snows there too often, if at all. the bunting wire flags, architectural style, and snowy mountains also imply the himalayas.
a google user : i don't actually prefer watching ads after every fall. i think you should offer at least 3 lives after every ad.
a google user : really fun and skill intensive endless runner. it feels so good when you get a long combo going. the minimalist graphics are really nice.
ben cooney : so much fun, what else can i say. thank you hard working devs for a great game :)
shirish upadhyay : really very great game. it's an art piece. great background , good use of colors. playing it is more or less like a meditation. music too is a good part of it . god bless to those who are involved in creating this great game.
gabriel c : seriously, though. you guy's didn't even ask to rate it! i came here out of free will and gave it 5 stars. this game is what the world needs. simplistic, smooth, great soundtrack, great mechanics, not pay2win. you guys are magical beings, congrats for the awsome game.
paul d : i'll get bored of it eventually but it's well done. clean graphics, great music, fun while challenging, plays very smoothly. the day and night cycle is cool and considerably harder playing at night.
aaron myers : it's great and don't give up if you can't get a certain goal. some are pretty tricky
sir meep of narnia : its a fantastic game and the graphics are gorgeous. my only gripe is that if you want to watch ads to get coins for whatever reason the ads tend to just black screen so it's hard to watch than one ad in a row without restarting the app sometimes.
mark langridge : recently, you get ads for other games as soon as you open the app from the developer, noodle cake. they're loud and annoying, but the worst part is that if tap "no thanks" it just closes the app. i love the game itself, but these new ads are really stupid.
suleman mughal : i like the art and layout of the game. the day and night cycle is beautiful and innovative. i think this game can get better if the weather and stuff like avalanche also plays a role in the game and more item in the workshop.
matthew dannatt : superb rendering and smooth game play coupled with pseudo-random terrain make this an absolute winner for kids of all ages. highly recommended.
zack wise : beautiful, fun, addicting, free, no annoying ads. this might be my favorite mobile game ever, so much so that i paid for the one in-app purchase so i could support the developer. you won't regret trying it out.
brett cannon : happily paid for the coin doubler to support the makers of this fun game! my only criticism is that there is no cloud saving, so all the progress i made on my tablet is trapped there and i have to start all over again on my phone.
anish shakthi : the graphics and the lighting makes me want to play more. and not to forget the amazing sounds the game has got. :)
abdul hakim abdul rahim : very beaitiful game, down from graphics to the music. i enjoy it. do keep it updated with new things once in awhile. thanks dev :)
max power : they want you to waste your data watching short movie clips just to "revive" the skier. no thanks. uninstalling
abhijit tambe : the game is awesome and i enjoy it alot but drains too much juice from my battery. plz fix the prblm n i'll rate it 5 stars that it deserves..
ashley pothecary : great way to pass the time and the art work/music are pretty amazing. i feel though that the tap to jump could do with some adjustments, have you thought about having it so if you hold your finger on the screen alto will crouch then upon release he will jump? i feel this will make it easier to jump across the large chasms with the larger ramps. personally i struggle with the jumping as it is.
supratim roy : although the premise (chasing llamas) seems ridiculous at first, it's an oddly addictive game. love the minimalistic graphics and music.
a google user : it's fun, and beautiful, and doesn't ruin the experience with nuisance ads.
alden caldecott : a noodlecake ad will pop up without pausing the game in the middle of a run and then cause the game to crash to my home screen on my galaxy s6. other than that problem it's a great game and would've been worthy of 5 stars.
ramesh manjunath : simple game play. awesom challenges. but not worth paying on apple. because its a paid app on app store. here it's free and its real fun.
lisa shadows : one of the best games i've ever played. never had problems, despite the fact that my phone is very slow. the only suggestion i'd made is to make the high score number more visible
riordan pett : the graphics are beautiful, i just wish every game has this iphone-like frame rate...maybe it's the minimalistic approach, but even the blurred high graphic menus on the game are just smooth. smoothest game released thus far. anyone know any more like this??
a google user : simple graphics, easy to play and relaxing music are just some of the things that makes me keep coming back for more.
oliver mandel : a beautiful game that makes you learn its mechanics step by step in a very nice manner. 12/10
cameron nicodemus : it becomes difficult to see unless in a dim lit room. i usually quit playing when it becomes dark. fun game play though.
pritam : absolutely love the game and the whole experience. however, share button does nothing at the score screen.
willy hu : like i said in the title, it's the perfect distillation of that feeling you get when you're just skiing/boarding down a freshly powdered slope, and it's just you and the mountain and the sky. the graphics are gorgeous, i've seriously taken more screenshot of this game while playing it than any other app (shaq-fu is a distant second), and the music is perfect. endlessly soothing, but challenging enough that it's addictive. literally the perfect mobile game.
maple : the rocks are too well hidden behind houses trees etc and if it's night time nearly impossible to tell from trees pls fix
zackary burrell : this game has a fresh take on an old premise; endless runner with snowboarding. some mechanics are never explained (scarf length) or are poorly implemented (you can't jump chasms without speed but you don't gain speed by going down a steep hill??) the best mechanics are locked behind a pay wall and despite the beautiful art direction and pretty soundtrack, this game quickly becomes dull and lifeless.
cecilia nguyen : this is a beautiful game with fantastic music. gameplay works great, no issues with controls or anything. the problem i have is when playing ads after crashing, half the time the ads are black & i can't exit & go back to the main screen. i'd have to quit the app & lose that game. very frustrating because i'm playing as though i only have 1 chance instead of 2. please fix this issue, has been ongoing for the last few updates. initial updates after game were released didn't have this problem!
karl ramstedt : this game is like a low interactivity version of runners like temple run, with the same abusive revive mechanics.
nicholas hanson : i could come up with a bunch of ways to say how fun and captivating this game is but, that's just it the game is brilliant. its fun, it has replay value because objectives keep me going and the music is so calming, keep up the good work guys!
ty : a ton of fun. can play for hours at a time. the problem occurs when i receive a mms message. the game continues forward but all touches are unresponsive. very frustrating. can't count the times it's ruined a run.
jack ady : quite derivative of ski safari, but better looking than most games. this game is good, but the flipping does not feel consistent.
vic thor : wonderful addictive game. infected with in game purchases and the usual bullshit nowadays, but the "not that annoying" type. if you like this, try "canabalt"; same kind, less beautiful, slightly better gameplay and two player mode this one doesn't have.
jacob sutton : i really enjoy this game. it keeps me entertained for hours at a time and never seems to lose its luster.
tayyab hussain : i love playing this. but at times when i haven't tapped the screen in a while which happens often. the screen will begin to go to sleep. there should be a patch that prevents the phone from going to sleep while it's being played.
bryce looze : that new app slide you have crashes the game every time i open it. very annoying feature, otherwise i would rate higher
richard wrencall : if i minimize the game and go back an ad for their new game pops up while the game is playing often making me crash.
priyank garg : should have a save option linked to google account. my all progress is lost.
alex acosta : new version shows an ad every time i load the game now and crashes if i say "no thanks".
max burcham : i only have one request.....please please please add in some type of altitude meter. its impossible to tell how high you are off the ground and it makes it difficult to guage how many flips you can do
john fadul : but with the most recent update the watch video button doesn't work - all you get is a black screen and a run ended
micheal aranki : you cant see the rocks from the trees,houses and llamas. and you are fool people who say relaxing music.
jamie broad : great game, from a free perspective it's a breath of fresh air to not have a revival system that requires the use of "gems" or some microtransaction currency, rather a quick 30 second ad or the use of in-game currency if you really want that high score. my only issue with the game is that a higher frame rate would be desired though i'm unsure if that's to do with my device (the more likely reason) or the optimization of the port. it's somewhat frustrating to have a good run going only to be stopped by a rock that suddenly clips into existance when the frame rate stutters. i'm also unsure of why there seems to be nothing but blank space in the settings menu, is this a bug or just a result of the port not having this option? if it's the latter, it would be gratefully appreciated to be able to disable particle effects or change their intensity to improve performance.
chevon champier : paz is a bit buggy when he's going really fast. rarely sometimes when he's jumping a cliff he'll clip through the ramp and fall in the cliff. 5 star because you can tell why...i have paz now lol
shuusuke kagamine : i don't usually rate, but this game is awesome. by the way, any chance you could also add the option of swapping the wingsuit icon to the right side? i'm left handed. i tap my screen w/ my left hand. i found it hard to fly properly since i got my wingsuit since from time to time i end up tapping on the icon when my suit is fully charged.
kane ferguson : completely great game. everything from the visuals to the soundtrack and sound effects are done astonishingly well. i recommend headphones if you play though just to ensure you don't miss out on anything.
steven gollins : level 20 back to the beginning, not going to bother again if this happens everytime you update.
based scout : 0 aggresive ads, one of the best looking games, design, music and background sounds are simply beautiful. trust me you won't regret downloading this game and you won't spend a single real life money because you simply can't.
lilsparrow 22 : one of the most relaxing, addictive games.. i love the consent change of weather and day to night.. what am i saying i just love it all
christyr belacqua : this game is beautiful and smooth with the perfect level of challenge. whether you're chasing llamas, or collecting coins, to grinding a massive combo this game is absolutely amazing! the sound effects and music are beautiful and the game plays like a fantastic work of art! 10/10
travis latorre : so the game is good. it is fun and partially addicting but here is the thing, there really is no incentive to use any other character than alto besides the goals they gave you do. in addition, there is only one music track!!! why??? if i am going to do the same thing over and over and over and over and over again, can't the devs at least grace my ears with some awesome music that is different each time i ride? maybe like 15 tracks? instead of one piano song? the longevity of the game is non existent.
shailja tripathi : trust me i find this game really soothing with all the background and music. you can never get bored with this game in ur hands. simply it
robbie t : this game, though simple, is a masterpiece of music and visual lighting. i loved every set piece and background, every jump and slush of snow. amazing game.
ravi teja : the font color of the rocks and the mountains, trees present in the background are appearing to be similar...this is causing a confusion to the player..
antoine emond : finished the game , it took a long time for a mobile game ! looks awesome and no ads unless you revive or want more $ . 1 in game transaction wich 2x the money you get .(just a purchase to help the devs). great game
mathieu proulx : very well executed and pleasing mobile game. if i wanna revive alto, all i have to do is watch a 30sec video, then bam! back in the game. great graphics too and love those thunderstorms!
liam : its fun but it get boring after a while, until u get a new character, but they take to long to get
marcus griffen : i was connected to google play the whole time. got to level 38, but when i got a new phone and connected, all progress was lost. unfortunately at this point i'm dropping it, despite being a very addictive game.
favipx21 : was fun for a minute. then it became repetitive and then i checked the workshop and i saw only a few things to purchase. only thing nice is the graphics besides that. meh.
verity aequitas : from the amazing visuals to the soothing game play to the non pay-to-win model, this game does it all right. i even bought the iap to say thanks to the devs. great job!
anusha rani : but please make the gamer a bit larger .. unable to see in dark places.. so. apart from that it's just awesome
roger moreau : ads crash the game every time i play. which is a shame because i think it's a great game otherwise.
anoushka bhalla : its not only the game itself but the graphics and the sounds which are so, so soothing. i never really write reviews for games but this time i was really compelled to. it is absolutely amazing.
satyabrata satapathy : graphics are good. there could be more power ups like boost. need to concentrate on more tricks rather than only backflips. and some more achievements
jordan stoev : graphics are amazing, the game is a lot of fun, but the nighttime is really frustrating, because i don't see anything at all.
abhishek khola : it is a awesome game but i got a problem...it suddenly stopped due add in middle of run and all the game got lost. please fix it
steven k : unfortunately, the game crashes everytime i want to watch a video. have to restart the game everytime. somewhat of a bummer when the game is this unstable and causes my progress to be lost during gameplay.
abhi manyu : hey if you do more work on background music it will be very nice .. like intestaler kind of
amanda snow : a quiet escape that very honestly just is what it is and thats wonderful. nust lay to understand the element of smoooooth challenge you can relax while being unable to stop from obsessing over.
pat leonard : today ads from the studio started to pop up in the middle of game play, not pausing the game, and exiting the game when you say no.
a google user : perfect balance of ambiance and slow gaming. the last character "tupa" is not fully working. hope for an update
lucas gracia : super fun, elegant tasteful graphics, not too hard to play but challenging enough, several "lifes" unlike other games so it allows you to achieve more... one of the best games i've played by far
jason : would be nice if my google account would link game progress between devices, but nope.
chetan agrawal : everything, every little detail, the concept, the continuous sunrise and sunset, the flawless design, the background and colors, the glitch free and smooth running, the tutorial and goals handling...literally everything is perfect.
tim : hands down the best game ever. very nicely done and awesome to play. can't get enough of it and i never want it end.
jens juliusson : commercials freeze way too frequently, causing the game to restart. this happens about once in every three or four times i watch a commercial for ether extra money or extra lives
murilo dias leme juliani : the game is really good, but sometimes ads show up while i am playing and when i click on "no, thanks" the game closes.
sam hatherley : tough but not too tough missions, subtle but cool add on features, no pay to play and the graphics and music are stunning and relaxing
fam kieboom : i hate pressing 'end run' twice before it does something. the letters move on the first press, but nothing happens.
janin palafox : can't believe i'd love this. the adrenaline it gives you while playing it. surely the game's weather and morning to night condition makes a good role in distracting players. makes you to get used to it and more motivated to play the game. it's simply amazing!
ashutosh pandey : some "noodle" something game ad is coming while playing and crashing my game. rectify that asap.
patrick morgan : new ad on start up crashes the game and had cost me progress twice now...annoying.
alejandro orpi orenga : i love the graphics and transitions but its sometimes hard to see some obstacles, and new obstacles are kind of hard to recognize as such when other objects are in the foreground. in fact it would really help if the foreground was empty every time an obstacle appears.
ethan moehr : the game is very fun. kills time and is relaxing. if you like arcade/indie games this is a good game for you.
swarup rajbhandari : the down to earth graphics, music, above others the synchronization between them, i never get bored of this game. but one thing is it give much pressure on my battery. care for an optimization may be.
david nugent : i'm not all that good at this game. jumping crevasses is something i just can't quite master. but the game is stunning. the day/night progression is a really nice touch.
nils rietveld : ****edit start it seems there's a new ad sdk implemented but it's actually crashing the game if i close it. also, the ad is showing while playing the game. this is very bad programming/qa testing! 2 stars until this is fixed. edit end**** i love it's simplicity, yet it's level of detail. the level design is strong. and the game isn't "over-monitized". the leveling/quest system works really well for me. the music and sfx are very suitable and well done. and oh, it's great fun to play!
vlada zivkovic : the atmosphere is awesome and the game is relaxing. i just wish the flips were faster, it would add more fluency to the game.
jordan brazinski : 5 minutes in and i'm blown away by how beautiful the graphics and soundtrack are. very well done. simple concept executed perfectly.
a google user : would like to get updates as fast as ios, since the ios version has more items in the store. also i experienced some bugs, like audio channel errors.
arena parker : so soothing grapics, background sounds oh god cant resist.. hats off to u makers.
ashwin vishnu : a great game for commuters and gamers who love challenges. but i feel the developers have to add few good characters in the starting out option to upgrade the characters. 5* only then. but a decent game altogether! cheers
zachary nisbet-barrett : really fun game and all but the thing that really makes me mad is when i'm in the middle of a game and a stupid ad pops up that goes "bum bah!" and then i die and then my game crashes
frog warrior : the game is fun and easy. it's a great time waster if you have a few minutes to kill. plus it's free and not pay to win. you only watch the adds if you choose to, and the game rewards you for it with 500 coins.
jarkko nylund : usually they throw you out of the game when you press no thanks, but the biggest issue is that they appear in game - > which usually leads game over.
joshua kallen : the music is relaxing, the graphics are not the greatest but it's perfect for the game. i love the mechanics, especially the backflip and wingsuit tricks. this is a must-play for everyone.
aditya sriram : the game's art combined with its music make for a really soothing ambience. not to mention the engaging goal mechanics which ensure the game doesn't become boring even after lots of plays.
william plevich : beautiful graphics and insane items and power ups keep ading to the purity of this game, great job noodle cake studios and i ask that you update and keep ading new power ups, it is an amazing game again, great job and good luck!
a google user : you destroyed de game with the last update. now, there is a f**king ad that pops up and close the app.
shaun knowles : love this game one of my favourite. but the new noodlecake ad interferes with game play and is destroying the spirit of the game .please remove this ad .
shashank gosavi : surely amazing game i ever played. even with the repetitive stunts, thrill remains same.
suraj subraveti : this game is the perfect package. great music, realistic sound effects, stunning visuals, and most importantly, hassle free controls. the level format keeps things really interesting and makes the game very addictive.
mahesh patil : great game with awesome graphics but , i have experience one issue while playing the game if you won't do anything for about 4-5 second . the screen start getting idle. i have to touch the screen,every time screen getting idle while playing game.
winerius de nella : great graphics and the song too,also the character is ok and gameplay's challenging thx for ur hardwork.><
isaac padilla : i love the app, but recently there have been occurences when noodleapp does its little ad bit and crashes the app entirely. sometimes on startup, sometimes after watching a video to continue my run. quite upsetting. amazing game, but please address this.
david von stockhausen : great game. but, alto on the cover of the app is flipping in a impossible direction... if he is going from left to right across the scree , his body would be facing the other way.. :)
nick bradford : however the ads have become so obtrusive that i no longer feel like opening the game anymore.
jay : has almost identical mechanics compared to ski safari. don't get me wrong, the visuals are better, but i can't in good conscience give a high rating to what is essentially a copy of an older game
dylan smith : anyone who doesn't like this game doesn't deserve it. deceptively simple premise and game mechanics that can keep tou entertained for hours.
nate skepple : i don't think i've ever seen better graphics on a mobile game this simple. developers did a fantastic job. the soundtrack also receives an a+ from me. super fun!
robert naim : i have been addicted to this game for several weeks. but now that i have finished it i feel empty and wishing for more. keep working hard you guys are great
elon collymore : i have not played a better app then this. well designed, looks beautiful, all around great game wish i could rate more.
kyle jasvins : the gameplay is minimalistic and clean, runs like a knife cutting through hot butter. i have to praise whoever did the sound design. the thunder surrounds you and truly gives you a feeling of immersion. kudos
s t : everything is perfect especially the way the ads are in this game, no ads in your face or all over the game. it's optional every game/app needs to be like this.
ky sturgeon : love this game. i play this game regularly. super cool achievments, perfect difficulty level at all times. update: the ending kinda stinks though, i was dissapointed.
shalabh agarwal : great grafics, good characters, challenging levels etc. the thing i liked much is the sound effects and relaxing music. allover a great game
prasanna narayanan : smooth n stunning graphics, realistic physics, good music. overall gameplay is very well done.
billy syrett : great game but the latest update has introduced ads that crash the game. really annoying when in a big run.
richard suter : top notch snowboarding game for your phone. great game play although horribly addictive. catch mountain lamas, get a massive speed boost then do ridiculous numbers of backflips off rails, rocks and ramps!
chris mulkey : alto's adventure is ridiculously addictive. its art is what originally caught my attention, but i keep coming back to level up. i even sided-loaded in my nvidia shield tv (since it wasn't natively available) so i could play on the big screen and despite "official support", it works very well there. (the only thing i haven't been able to do on the big screen yet is change characters, which does make some levels difficult to pass.)
brian hurley : it's really a shame because you can tell that they have put a lot of really hard work into this game. it runs well and looks beautiful for a mobile title. i am all for supporting developers. they do deserve to get paid for their work, but if the game is free to try out then i expect to at least play a few levels before hitting the paywall. unfortunately in this game you get hit by a paywall dump truck right in the first level. at some point i would love to come back if that changes.
bhargav bose : i always play 3d games for the graphics they have. but this game is so well designed, i never thought i would get addicted to a 2d game.
soul risker : the "watch video" link doesn't work and it will pop up randomly any time after clicking the link. especially annoying when it messes your game up.
phillip whetstone : good game, but i can't see anything in the night time cycle unless i'm playing in a dark room. impossible to play while outside or on a bus.
ca chep : i met the problem : unfortunately, alto has stopped. i deleted cache and deleted data but still can't play the game, even i use factory reset. i met this problem with both clash of clans and your game. what i have to do now ? thanks
a google user : very good, adverts are not intrusive, can choose if you wanna watch it or not. also it is playable with out the pay for upgrades.
dean scott : it takes far too long i'm my opinion to get coins to upgrade things . other than that a fairly cute enjoyable game for 5 minutes at a time.
rifat al jufri : this is the best game mobile graphic ive ever seen, it makes me feel so relax and comfortable, thank you :)
sam lim : great game. not being able to see the rocks at night is a real problem (-1 star)
arnaud soyez : game is beautiful but repetitive without much progression... not recommended.
risxn : the music and settings just blow my mind along with the llamas! it's a truly stunning game.i would imagine this is set in peru,beautiful :)
james s. : finally a game that i enjoy. i have been looking so long for an actual game that doesn't require money and isn't extremely difficult. it's a very enjoyable challenge for all levels of players. thank you for this great game.
parag chitale : overall nice game, good graphics, but gets bored after few plays.
alfonso stoa : first of all its pretty, the graphics are smooth and sharp, really enjoyed its gamebility and how you get better and better on spoting details like thunder, rain, birds or thi shinning of a house. its a beatyfull game.
joseph benton : love playing game and have yet to figure out sweet spot but impossible to play on a sunny when the moon is up in the game.
josh suchy : i like how the slopes change every time you start a new run. it is kind of difficult in certain areas but you can start over and try again at any time.
m-a kuttner : one problem i've been having lately though - the noodlecake pop-up dialogue box has been appearing during gameplay and sometimes crashes the app in mid play. fix that and we're talking 5 stars. nexus 5, 1st gen.
alexander prinsen : since some time i keep getting random pop ups from noodlecake, and the game goes on! so i cannot control my character and he crashes!! will give it 5 stars if they remove the ridiculous pop ups. still great graphics and very addictive. nice way of reviving your character by watching an ad.
chris shortle : the scenery is so beautiful and smooth, it never feels repetitive. i've tripped over so many rocks just enjoying the view.
abhishek soni : when i hear the music of this game i feel out of the world...i play this game just bcoz of woderful music...
sanjay kar : the game is simply awesome. the game looks so good with ever changing day and night. it's addicting as well. one of the best games ever
min suk kim : however, there is no story plot. and that makes this game old so fast. will play again if any short story is added
anurag bose : i am stuck at the triple blackflip..the idea of charging the wingsuit is very vague.. i don't know when it will charge really.. i keep on having the long scarf.. but still it takes time.. the time is not understandable
kartik narang : this game is really good. near perfect. just the one thing is if you could disable the night cycle because nothing's really barely visible with that amount of light. thank you!
tim roenicke : this game is gorgeous and mechanics are great. the only issue is i had hoped adding my google account would save progress. when i had to wipe my phone i have to start over.
deron wyllie : really enjoy this game, but the sound on my phone keeps sticking and skipping especially the music, taking away from the experience of the game
gaurav upadhyay : great potential. but the night cycle is why i wont continue to play anymore. cant see the damn stones. the stones at night. so bad such a good game.
darryl lussier : love the game, but hate when you pause the game then resume and a pop up ad crashes the game everytme. or it pops up and you cant control your guy, so you end up crashing into a rock! game great ads bad timing.
daisy gordon : i try to play it but whenever i get on, it says that it has stopped and it looks fun but it won't let me play. please help...i want to play it.
shawn leonard : finally a game that doesn't inundate you with ads and is actually fun to play with beautiful graphics. nice work!
james paxton : nice game. smooth layered graphics. latest update keeps pausing the game, every ten seconds or so even without any screen touches. please fix
a l : would be nice to have a record of your top scores. also the app drains my battery quite a bit. not sure if anything can be done about that though.
s d : random ads popping up initiate a force close upon closing the ad. the ads even randomly pop up upon pausing which then force closes the game and pretty much wipes your run... fix it please. it was fine the way it was before...
suad rabbi : a must have game. great graphics and sound effect. it will really take you deep into the game.
roasted lemon : a really great game with good graphics, no lag, no ads, great time killer, but one problem, its way too easy or was i sopposed to get 11,000m on my fifth try, the only thing it needs is a few more power ups and a tutorial on how to activate the wingsuit
eric reeve : i haven't stopped playing since i downloaded it, so that's saying something. there's an occasional big that pauses the game, but it doesn't happen often.
paul samson : the game is good but the only drawback is the night mode it's a bit dark and alto stumbling over the rocks and game over ;(
golem precious : this is a great game, basic idea but somehow quite compulsive. it doesnt require the internet to play, no compulsory purchases needed. theres a few adverts but not really on overkill. would recommend.
ana marko : the visuals of this game are breathtaking. thank you. every screen is like a separate piece of art. your efforts are greatly appreciated ^_^
michael bergen : the visuals are clean and pleasing to look the eye. the game play is smooth, straightforward, yet challenging as the levels progress. the music is soothing and fitting to the game theme. overall this is a fun game to just enjoy, without too much attention required.
tom h : still a great game that i go to everyday. challenges are really well paced and new characters keep me invested in this side scroller, beautiful, clean game.
tyler van ollefen : the gameplay is simple and addicting ans the artwork is just fantastic. i love the day and night transitions, the forests, and the minimalist style.
colin white : downloaded whilst suffering man flu. needed something to relax me & take my mind off. this totally delivered. beautiful, simple, & infinitely replayable. the weather effects are a nice touch. great job, guys! recommending this to everyone.
jarod myers : i think they should add front flips. make it so that when you tap on the right side of the screen you do front flips, and tap the left side to do back flips... please!
r : amazing game but there's an annoying pop up that happens forcing you to fail, it's ridiculous.
yep : the prettiest game i've ever seen. sounds, texts and choice of graphics, make this pure art. thanks for your work
victoria herbel : this game is truly just beautiful. the graphics are amazing and the game itself is just fun. even the music is relaxing. 10/10 would highly recommend
rodrigo gonzalez : the game is great but since the last updates i'm suffering a lot of lag while playing in my nexus 9. i hope they fix it because it makes it unplayable.
harsh joshi : i use 15secs timeout for my display and this disturbs the game play a lot, please find a out a way around this. the game is awesome otherwise
daffa assegaff : nice gameplay, good graphics, but the rocks are hard to see. i often lost the game because of those rocks, especially at night. maybe you should make the rocks easier to see. that's all.
sean lecathelinais : this is now my favrioute game... brilliant art 10/10 and the game mechanics are great i love the speed boosts and bunting boosts i also love the chasm jumps in slow motion
hank simmons : needs update equivalent of the iphone version for the android version. needs helmet and pick purchases available. will increase stars on rating with updates.
ashley jacobsen : i've completed the 'wingsuit over a chasm' heaps now but it doesn't recognise it so i can't move onto the next set of goals.. this happened with another goal but in the end i used coins to skip it :( please fix!
dean tempsick : android game that i have played in a very long time. visuals, graphics, music, challenges.. it's all beautiful. would love to see more things to upgrade in future. highly recommended.
mickey yu : i think this game has good graphics, however, a challenge for the eyes
skyler penkova : i reset my phone because i had issues and reinstalled the game and connected to google again but all my progress is still gone.
noah smith : often found myself dying because i was to focused on the background. the music is amazing and the idea itself is quite unique. i have seen few games that have put so much effort into an endless runner
samuel siagian : i tried the tutorial and once i fail i cannot recover again especially that part where i need to jump over a cliff.always fail and cannot recover.good graphic though
corey meyer : was great until you implemented an ad. now everything i hit "no thanks" it force closes. also pops up in the middle of a run and doesn't even pause it. used to play this game to kill time. now it's not worth it.
michael young history : its as much fun as an endless running game can be. that is, not much
luka nesevski : i don't usually review games, or apps in general, but this one is just amazing. the gameplay is simple, but the background, breathtaking. i also love how the weather changes, a very nice touch.
deeptanshu paul : that's the first word that comes to mind when one plays this. the music, the atmosphere, it's amazing, definitely recommend it to anyone who just wants to relax.
dan bondroiu : when my friend told me about this game i tought it was just a lame copy of sky safari, then i tried it out and it ended letting me addicted to it, i really recomand this game, tho the story is kinda llame (hehe, get it? llama, lame? 'xdd) nah, just kidding, the story of the game ain't that bad, it's ok. one thing i want tho: i saw you added the optin to move the pause button to the left or to the right. could you do the same with the wingsuit? that would be great. waiting for feedback.
tom mccluskey : the most recent patch introduced ads with loud auto-playing video that really disrupt the experience. uninstalled.
sammal : brilliant game. beautiful graphics and its the first game that you don't need to spend money on. if you really want some extra coins just watch a 10 second ad. i can not recommend the game enough. so seriously, play it. its free.
arnaud d. : have us beautiful, and while the way your play is kind of repeating, you just come back to the game
aryaman khemka : perfect music, graphics, controls and user experience. can't rate less than 5 stars. amazing game
roshan peniel : i play the game only fr the background . it would be more cool if the game is also improved. and please try creating some other game with this background. and it is also difficult to jump over the "!"
dtp : more artistic than most phone games and pretty addictive. only wish for more tricks and goals/unlocks
david richichi : great game and doesnt need internet connection and you can finish it without having to pay. scenery and animation stunning. this is a real addictive well made game. prepare to spend hours on it
yuvraj singh : this is byfar one of d best games i've ever played. well designed and well crafted. keep it simple and nice
gmac lu : finally a game not constantly plagued by ads and what a great game. atmospheric, great gameplay and lovely to look at. get it. you won't regret it
anmol tengalkar : i did already sometimes but i can't get past that now, always falls short
borko lazarevic : amazing and stress stoping game.
blow yo mind : it's one of the best apps i've seen but i would like more challenges and make a hard, easy, free mode to make it more interesting
zigishu singh : scenic graphics and gameplay. keep introducing new things in updates.
sambit ghosh : the only issue is the physics feels a bit restrictive during longer jumps and falls. other than that its a feast for the eyes!
gurpreet morris-singh : great game, very enjoyable but with the add for the new game comes up. whenever i click no thanks it forces the games close.
jayden bassie : i absolutely love this game! excellent graphics, addictive gameplay. i did find a glitch that was quite frustrating, though. if you exit the game or pause mid-jump, sometimes you won't be able to jump when tapping the screen and the only fix is to end the game.
vivek choudary : this is the best game i've ever played and the graphics are so good and the background sound is so soothing. i request noodlecake team do make many games like this.
keith b : even the advertisements are a stroke of genius. love this game... and i don't play games on the phone ever. until this one.
sebastian pritchard : updated my firmware, reinstalled because i love this game, and lost all my progress! i am signed into play games, and all my previous achievements are there, but the game is starting from the beginning. will rate 5 stars if fixed
stephen rogers : i've bought the app, but since the latest update, i get ad pop ups mid level, which freeze controls, then you die.
ashutosh pokale : the visuals and the music are treat! but the game gets repetitive after you play some levels. that's it.
tim mccall : wish there was a way to disable the option to have to watch ads and its just insane to put ads for your other games in the middle of me making a run in this one.
henry allen : the only issue i have with the game is when you get the float thing you can't collect coins which makes me want to avoid it, which is silly because it is a power up. otherwise i love it!
peyton grey : this game combines two of my favourite things, snowboarding and llamas! i recommend it. it's spectacular and fun. i can't wait to delve deeper into it's snowy chasms.
caique santos : breaks the capitalistic paradigm that's been building itself on apps nowadays by offering optional video ads and no way to pay for coins. plus, it's really, cool.
a google user : i can no longer jump. it lags now when i try and jump. i have to hold for a whole second for the game to respond to my touching. please fix and i'll give you back that last star.
aston reks : i first played it in a apple store and thats a bad thing couse of a unrecobnisable name but other than that
gabriel bit-babik : this is a free game that does free right. not only that, it gives fun, long, and beautiful gameplay, providing challenges and characters which flesh out the app. one of the best mobile games this year so far.
kinder n1 : it's clear that this game was made for fun and not for money.if the developer wants to make money they can put ads on this and another without advertisements for money.but people make good games when they focus on the game and not on the money.
kaden holland : i really like this game but under one condition that you would add a balancing thing so say your doing a flip and you don't think you can make it. you can just hold or tap on the right side of your device. please respond.
chris davidson : if i say "no thanks" to the ad when the game first launches it force quits. hopefully this is just a glitch and not passive aggression...
iky dublin : the rock is same colour with trees.. perhaps if could change the rock colour to brown.. i would giv 5 stars.. tq nice game
roger diotte : what's not to like, winter sports on an alpine slope.. challenge, flight time and skill. could use faster flips to boost landing speed.. example double flip faster skiers speed when landing the stunt..
dewanto : the new update absolutely loved it. now i can save my game data so i dont worry if i have to uninstalled and reinstalled it anymore. nice
ethan wood : alto's adventure is one of the most beautiful games i have ever played. its simple art design and natural sounds create a beautiful work of art. i cannot commend the developers enough.
katherine peracchio : i am absolutely obsessed with this game. it is really that game you just like, but you are not sure why. i love the graphics, it is a really beautiful game. i love it!
keith macdonald : great game. fast, easy to play. the day night cycle makes it more challenging. really good graphics with the sunrise and sunset.
tyler nazifi : i love playing this game whenever i have a couple free minutes throughout my day. it gets super addicting and it is a good way to kill some spare time.
a google user : good overall game. good visuals and sound. controls/mechanics are solid. biggest drawback is the lack of cloud saves. would love to play on my tablet but not willing to start from scratch. hopefully this is added in a update. 5 stars when/if that happens. *developer does not respond to emails*
yellow octothorpe : what an amazing, atmospheric game. the soundtrack, the graphics and everything else about it is just sublime. the only thing that ruins it is the ads that pop up during gameplay, which then causes extreme lag and then crashes. this is not the way to go about promoting your "cut the rope" clone, noodlecake.
ryan moore : every time i watch a video to revive, after the video i'm then meet with another ad, from noodlecake, and it pops over while it's playing the game and if i try to dismiss i'm exited out of the game, losing my progress.
clement maruejouls : i love the game but your damn advertisement is ruining it. i can't exit your ad without losing my current game. so frustrating.
darren ebbing : it would be cool if once you've finished all the goals you could have the option of going back and completing the ones that you originally bought-out in order to progress.
yash ayapilla : i just loved the game. the soft and faint tune in the background is good too. the game looks beautiful and plays without any harsh efects. i found it very addictive. keep on guys, you have done a great job here.
grahame watkinson : truly beautiful game. very addictive. adverts very well handled too. big thank you and we'll done to the developers.
mowi iman : great graphics and i m not stop the the music is very familiar amazing adventure i delete my all games to game alto''s adventure
ki-tae bryan park : play it for the visuals. the gameplay and progression is also good. not an "adventure" game but still fun.
ryx matic : its perfect has great graphics great story(of why he's skeeing) its exciting because he jumps high and it feels like im really in the sky like real life - its just awesome
codey foltz : it's fun, but when you try to watch a video for coins, extra life etc., it never works. it always goes to a black screen and freezes, losing the progress that you have.
keith hayden : beautiful and fun, but the "noodle cake" ad that pops up in the middle of a game crashes the game when i click "no thanks" and i can't exit out of the pop up or interact with my game while it's up. crashes every single time. please fix this bs
david sumner : since the update it's glitchy and not as responsive there's a slight delay when you press jump please fix i'm on the last player now with only 9 levels to go would like to complete the game
dread lock : it says paz can smash through rocks at full speed. i am still to see this work. i have let him run with no deviation to touts. and he still smashes into them and dies. how long do i have to leave him running to smash the rocks without having to trick? it doesn't seem to be working.
clint strasler : fun game,, save the llamas! more addictive the further you play. unlocking new stuff is always fun. nothing bad about it at all.
abid hasan : i loved the music on which the game is based on. gorgeous looking graphics added with this natural music.. reminds me of the childhood fairytale fictions..
launch pad : night time is too frequent and lasts too long. it's very annoying. also the game is too simple. it needs new levels and should get harder as you advance. but seriously, that night time thing has deterred me.
jagjot : the gameplay, handling, and the graphics are absolutely flawless, for a 2d game.the picturesque backgrounds and the relaxing music just add the cherry on top of the cake.
chinmay admane : great game but a new add pops up when you start the game asking if you want to install a new game. if you say no thanks then it closes the app. sometimes it do come while you are playing the game and it is very annoying.
pippo ten : the day and night cycle, i wish if it was optional. love it but sometimes the light around can be annoying ,
alex kang : since the update everytime an ad comes up and i click "no thanks" it just crashes
austin hamilton : i'm on an lg g4, after i revive my character, i get an ad pop up that doesn't pause the game, no matter how i close it the game crashes immediately.
tyson hunter : love this game.. would be awesome if you could add a 'buttering' system to add some trick points, like a side button to start and finish the 'buttering';).. also would love to see more things to buy in the workshop, better boards with perks etc.?? but i do rate this game 5/5 also you just lost 2 stars because of them bullshit ads that pop up when you try play, ylu try to back out of the ad and it backs out of the app!! lost a couple of big records to this!!!! please fix!
ashish ghosh : especially the day and night cycle. game play is also really good, to sum it up great game.
myles corcoran : lately ads for noodlecake pop up in mid-season and crash the game. please fix!
denis ginc : i enjoy it however some items should be less expensive. but other than that everything is smooth and good expirience.
charlie jopling : the game's nice enough, but night mode is immeasurably more difficult to the point of not bothering.
hitesh kumar : this game got me addicted in a short amount of time. its simple control hooked me up easily. nice graphics, simple control scheme and fair leveling up.
gareth jopson : it was honestly the best game out, then the add format changed and my game lost the ability to jump. the whole point of the game is to jump over things.
daniel zarb : the game is perfect but it tajes too much space. i dont care what you do, please bring this game to the "26.5 mb" game it once was.
hiren vasoliya : i loss my progress , even i connected with google pay but i can't get my progress back, please help me.
tony prywata : the pop up clues stop this being the fluid gameplay experience it should be. impossible for me to get enough speed to do the first chasm jump. uninstalled
aldwin vicente : add a touch input to lean forward rather than only back. maybe half the screen for forward leaning flips and the other for back flips.
madeline pierce : this is the most beautiful app i have played. the graphics are great, the atmosphere is amazing, and the day and night times are stunning.
hoo jun ting : it's 2016, people have more than one device and wish to play the game continuously without having to start all over again in a new device. make cloud sync available, even better allow it to be sync with ios and it will easily be one of the best action game.
jakub klimunda : i feel that in this game, about everything fell into its right place creating a very solid combination.
william broome : seriously just downloaded this and i can't even start it up without it crashing. i've redownloaded it and restarted my phone
sai surya l : i love this game. i play it when i am bored. it entertains me a lot. particularly the music, the locations are awesome. great game developers. hats off to you.
richard edenfield : it has great gameplay. the music is genuinely soothing and meditative. the small touches of sound effects and weather are great. the look is very nice. and i love when the lightning streaks across the sky.
chun sang au yong : the only bad point is that you get addicted after playing...
ian whitcombe : an absolutely lovely looking game, so congratulations on that. however, the night mode makes the game impossible. other than that first class job guys.
roefi jasen : if you can add more scene or unexpected events.i think this game will be more fun and challanging.
hyon lee : aesthetically pleasing to just look at. overall the game plays very smoothly with almost no glitch. the creators are humble about the ads system where it is completely optional for players to watch. well balanced game overall
jesse : the game looks and plays very well. i have never played a mobile game with so much quality. the graphics are so simple but it fits in really well with the environment and animals.
wesley touzel : the design of this game is really nice. would be good if the text changed to a light colour when it gets dark but apart from that it's a good amount of fun! also i love llamas...
daniel jeffries : one of the easiest on the eye games i've played in a while, highly addictive and all around brilliant game
kunal m : thank you so much for making this game. it has beautiful graphics and a lovely soundtrack. the zen mode provides the best way to relax after a hard day at work. keep up the good work.
julius wang : when in the middle of the game, it suddenly pop up the ads and the game didn't paused. when i close the ads, i'm already crashed. noob game developer!
wei ting li : one of the best mobile game i have ever played, beautiful environment, fun gameplay, and interesting tasks. i wish the developers can continue to add new things into the game, maybe something like new tricks.
darwin buk : the game is absolutely beautiful and has potential, sadly the game play is just ski game, you could make an amazing side scrolling rpg like game. almost like unravel. the art of this game is great but lacks 1 star for gameplay, keep it up though!
krystall m : i absolutely loved this game play style, i did a review and placed it up on wordpress under the username porcelaindoll99, loved the graphics and the original music. keep up the great work
rafael fernandez : this used to be a very nice game, but after the update it keeps on closing after you denied a game download.
deepak singh : the game is really fun to play but some points that could be improved are : alto is too small, visibility during night is very less, alto can rotate only in one direction.
nilkantha sen : i just love the way the theme is built up as i progress through the game. it's so soothing and pleasing that i just can't stop myself from playing it again and again. it takes me to someplace nice. i'm just in love with it.
taypha jr : they need to add updates to this: more characters, maps, power ups & upgrades etc.
peter spexarth : awesome graphics. kinda challenging at first. still hard to see obstacles.
amir sadeghpour : i like its game play very much. actually i addicted to it! i wish it had less video ads, but honestly it's worth watching the ads.
zoheb hussain : very good game but it gets boring once you have unlocked all the characters. please include more characters to keep us busy. thank you
jared dreyer : when i first played this game on a best buy iphone and learned it was for ios only but also learned it was going to android shortly, i was waiting in suspense. now that it's on android and i can actually play it, i'm so happy. this game is amazing, plus listening to relaxing music with all this scenery makes it that much more relaxing. good job.
arandompurpose : find the visuals well done and the gameplay fairly simple but very fun. sometimes some objectives are a bit too specific but you can skip them easily enough.
jebs m : what is a proximity backflip/wingsuit? anyway it's a super great game. fun challenges and lots of variety with the day/weather cycle. i haven't gotten to level 51 yet but hopefully there will be more challenges/characters to choose.
dave griffiths : beautiful game absolutely would recommend, as a fellow mountain llama farmer i can relate to chasing them down the side of a mountain on a snowboard so the storyline particularly hits home with me.
kieran turner : will be back to 5 stars, which the cuteness and neat play deserve, if they can fix this to keep it running :(
luka sarajlic : touch doesn't work evry time first game always lag hard
cragwl : this game is really fun and looks really nice, but there's one jump i can never complete and i always just die..
connor trimble : i just genuinely enjoy this game. it's very soothing and rarely causes any sort of frustration, unlike most mobile games.
jj : at first i wasn't gonna download it but when i did i was really shocked from the scenery to how smooth the game runs. i definitely recommend this game
maksim pralat : overall this game is great, but it should have more things.
alex jones : i sometimes have the problem where it let's me start the run and then i can't jump. i tried turning my phone the other way and it helped for a while but then stopped again.
michael mcgrath : no control, not even being able to hold down to release a better jump. then you die , and have to pay 1500 coins to revive or sit through a 30 second commercial. too bad, i like the graphics. next!
brendon foltz : had some trouble launching it the first time i installed it but now i works great. super fun
anthony rawstron : after buying this game on ios i decided to pay for it again on android and to my surprise the game is free! not pay to win, this is a absolute joy to play anytime, while your commuting or waiting in line or just at home. a great game overall.
chad johnson : really nice levels and concept design. art is great, app isn't too intensive and doesn't ask for dumb permissions either. music is relaxing and the game is really fun.
angelo : this game is phenomenal. best game to play with and very enjoyable. the graphics are so smooth. the music very relaxing and clam. love the game. i've been waiting like this game to play with. thank you.
sooly rashid : amazing great pass time love this game only thing don't like the guy on the horse man gets me everytime
a google user : intrusive ads interrupt gameplay and crash the game. such a shame, because it's got great potential!
snehal poyrekar : haven't deleted it and still i'm forced to start from scratch
jeremy m. : playing n died i played 8 videos n still didn't revive im undownloading it sucks alot i made it to 10,000 m
somesh kar : really, after a while it's boring, but the first few days of playing are as enjoyable as anything.
belthsazar liem : the gameplay is not exactly new. but the eye candy would definitely please you. an oasis in the desert of too complicated and annoying colorful games.
a google user : loving this game, excellent for passing time, usually too much time once you get sucked in and its very tranquil and relaxing. excellent!
dizzregard home : gameplay is great and very fun, i love the adventure and learning aspect of the game. i get so distracted by the scenery sometimes i just slam into a rock. it can get pretty hard gameplay-wise.
jegan s : night mode doesn't provide good vision of rocks. the graphics at dawn and dusk is handled greatly.
matt f brooks : visually awesome game which you can play over and over again. probably the best mobile game i've ever played.
ravi krishna : the game is superb. only one issue it's using up so much battery
ryan greenlees : please make a a way to disabled night. i can barely see when im playing outside. thank you
adeel ahmed : the atmosphere, design, feel, movements and music of this game is unmatchable. a class of its own. and its free to play. 100 stars out of 5.
kyle cembrano : i've always wanted to have a game that is relaxing and entertaining at the same time thank you so much.
faisal siddique : great game but my phone restarts itself after 30 or 40 minutes of play. please fix this issue
anthony bedont : the graphics are unique and simple but still bring you into the game. it has a wonderful "story" line.
zoey donnelly : i love this game because it has everything that a good game is. it has amazing art and it has action also it has adventure and it's like a puzzle so i love it.
sondra hannan : this game is beautiful. it's lots of fun watching the weather /light change as you continue on down the mountain. i can't play it for too long however as i get sick of watching so many ads to continue on. still very enjoyable.
ben hernandez : your level remains on the device so if you change your phone you will have to start over from level 1. this sucks
achyut shukla : no hang. no heavy graphic. smooth game. with soft and chasing missions. i just love it. well done team for coming up with something really different and nice.
james rose : whenever an ad pops up the game closes and clears from memory. completely breaks the game when you're in the middle of a run.
a google user : expected a game about making highly questionable supreme court decisions, turned to be about some kid snowboarding. it's all right.
abhinav subramaniam : the game play mechanics are wonderful and the ambient effects match the feel of the game. however the music doesn't really reflect how the game is moving and is always at the same pace.
immaterialise : beautiful scenery. awesome music. easy to pick up, but impossible to put down. i haven't encountered any problems at all. it's definitely worth checking this game out!
michael hayworth : this game is really fun and i love that there are no ads unless you want to watch them. beautiful graphics too!
jacob crozier : love it, but there needs to be an option to turn off night time because i can't see it when i'm outside and it changes to night...
brian bishop : i love it but, progress needs to sync between devices/ platforms. and it would be nice to have a control to get down/off a grind.
geronimo : after latest update the game keeps glitching and there are random ad pop-ups that result in client crash. please remove it! also for pete's sake give us an option to pay for an ad-free version already.
keith stellmach : this game is exactly what a mobile game should be. other dev's should take notes. i am enjoying this game very much so far (lvl 53)
rhys : amazing sounds and visuals coupled with simple but effective controls makes for a really fun experience. one of those games you can pick up and play whenever and where ever. we need more games like this on the google play store! 5 stars
adi suripiyanto : i rarely give 5*, no doubt it's the new style arcade using perfect background and relaxing sound. try add a beautiful bridge or beach as background. please add google account or facebook to keep the user data. its because my first time playing game with beautiful background, i call it new model. soo i still give it 5*, waiting for next update.
cass dunstan : i have this game on my phone and tablet as i love it so much! it has a lovely flow and simply beautiful graphics and game play.
felip 398 : the depth perception of the mountains, the change better day and night, and the way it is all illustrated is beautiful. the controls are simple, tap/hold, and the goals keep it interesting.
abhilash b : there is no doubt that the game is awesome. but the major flaw in this game is it doesn't stores your progress. i had to reset my mobile twice. i tried appending my google game details with this game. but i am not getting my previous progress after i had reset my phone. please fix this.
michael burch : seems like a good game but it doesn't have any obvious way to remove the ad videos etc. i'd rather just pay once for the game and be able to play it properly.
chris x : a role model for all mobile games, sweet graphics, lovely music and good gameplay. not the typical bullshit money consuming game, my best regards to the developers and expand it!
captain flint : simple, beautiful and somehow challenging. finding a chance to do a trick right as an elder is about to catch you is exhilarating. literally the greatest mobile game i've played.
angela lee : i luv the way alto or who ever i use don't even glitch like when i'm snow boarding down a gigantic hill doing a back flip or jumping off a grind
bambang irawan : please add cloud save for google account, love to play, but kind of hate to replay from begining after wipe the phone memory
pedro p. : the design is very cool and smooth, the gameplay is simple but challenging. everything is well thought. i love the nice day/night effects!
gian carlo barretto : issues when playing game with my wireless bluetooth headphones. music and sound effects distorted. using a nexus 6p with my photive bth3 wireless bluetooth headphones. i do not have any issues with any other app. please fix.
amirul alhakim : i hope u guys can add more power up and some new boards that have diffrent abilities .. that all .... by the way your games is awesome
srikanth rajagopalan : love the game but play it for 20 minutes maybe and it starts getting choppy. killing it and restarting the game seems to stop the problem. not sure why there should be such a problem on a nexus 6p!
mitchell silver : graphics are put together very well and its gaming conceptions are thoughtful with ease of excitment. 5 stars for the creator and developers.
david cantella : when reviving from watching videos the screen goes complete black and i loose the game i was on. happens almost every other time.
nala sagetro : a nice solid theme with coherent challenges that make it a satisfying game to play.
mackrvd : it's an addictive game concept keep improving the game also you should improve the physics a bit more. then the game would more fun. one more thing add more stuff man!
beto rodriguez : this title is absolutely beautiful, perfectly embedded with the amazing background music that makes you feel like you are sliding down into peaceful dimension, flawless controls and the tiny touch of challenges that make this an amazing piece of art of a game. thank you.
juan carrillo : loves this game to kill time great for people (love it)
sager davidson : very nice color palette. i don't play the sounds much, but when i do, the music resonates with the colors to be a very soothing experience. good stuff.
ammar shah : i like tha game but i don't really get the point of collecting coins
because the workshop has really nothing exciting to offer and i don't get
the point of collecting lamas when you cant do anything with them.
alec woods : it's fun, easy to pick up, and has a fantastic soundtrack. missions are easy to complete at first and becomes more challenging over time. i like that you can unlock the characters too and the game is playable without micro transactions.
david soegiarto : ...and let me enjoy purely the gameplay.
emma lm : the problem with the ad shutting down the game seems to have been resolved, so back to loving this game. graphics really are superb, minimal ads, and fantastic gameplay.
den : a brilliant game, up until the latest update. now random, full-screen ads from the publisher's studio appear mid-run and cause the game to crash. uninstalled.
sandeep pundir : not able to exit the game on moto x play using marshmallow. need to restart the phone to exit the game
jason selley : a great game, but the new update includes some intrusive ads. they interrupt gameplay, and cause my note 4 to crash.
jashandeep singh : it's a very nice experience.. i just want you to add a little more surprising factors to your game to make each level a bit more interesting.
matt schutzman : great game but one small glitch with felipe that he can't double jump while over a canyon. can be a big problem if you need the second jump
shobhit kaul : it is one of the few great graphical representation of our world. an exlerience truely.
sammy t : it's a great and gorgeous game but the night cycle is really tough on the eyes.
samantha dubois : hard to see during the night cycle, more frustrating than fun. nice graphics and concept just did not find it that fun or addicting despite what everyone else seems to think.
a google user : beautiful game, smooth and very enjoyable to play. does not bug you to pay to play. goals are fun and exciting. just wish the snowboarder was a little bigger and easier to see. i lose sight of him in the trees. i recommend this game
jonas motiejunas : quite an amazing game, this is. the whole aesthetic, the feel, the look and sound fit together perfectly like a puzzle. this game is setting a new standard for android games in general.
sreehari madhu : nice way to pass time especially when u have to wait in a queue. above all, makes me feel happy :)
shekhar thakran : was waiting for it to come to android for ages.. but it did turn out to be awesome game i hoped for it to be.. kudos
brian cohen : the "noodlecake" pre-game ads are annoying, but now they're appearing randomly in the middle of a run, and crashing the app when i try to dismiss them. this needs to be removed in the next update since it makes the game unplayable.
a google user : did anyone realise that the snowboarder in the game icon is facing the wrong way for a back flip . just an observation.
nipoon agarwal : i love the game.. played it all the time.. you get a redo once you die.. but you have to pay by the coins earned or watch a video. once the game resumes.. another ad interrupts the game and crashes the game ! i lose all the progress cause of it ! please fix it !!
kunal kadam : overall the game is good but you should make a tutorial in more descriptive manner because something's such as blue feather ,etc don't tell us that what does it actually does
radu jipa : congratulations guys, seriously. a very beautiful and relaxing game. always a pleasure to see such great craftsmanship.
christian crouch : this is what mobile gaming should be. a simple concept refined down to a game that is fun and relaxing, with microtransactions put on the side burner.
meezzy meezzy : top notch game, a must have for every stressed out person who just wants to relax.
nitin singh : easy to play. light on eyes. beautiful work by the game team. a powerful stress buster.
bibhas debnath : only way to resume from where you die is to watch a video, which never loads, or spend 1500 points, which you can only earn after playing 20 times or so.
zoe : its great fun to play but very difficult when the game turns to night, especially when in a lit area!
abby stark : it's calm and soothing (except when u run into elder lol) can freeze once in a bluemoon but that about it super fun except paz or whatever is a bad character can flip much
colette farrell : love the game play but i just wish i could pay to get rid of the ads. they're really invasive sometimes
gwishades : i watch one as only to be interrupted with another right after then force closes. may uninstall.
dante looper : this game is addictive as hell, i love to play it all the times. and by the way nice challenges.
trey almighty : this is my favorite game right now. the only gripe i have is that i wish that you could sync your saved games across your devices.
vijoy mitra : however during the night mechanic, it's difficult to see obstacles.
steve goodenough : really nice game, great graphics and challenges. good reward level for watching an advert too and it helps the developer
hthe ritter : exactly what an app game should be - relaxing, fun, and absolutely beautiful. really unique premise and amazing music, too. i love it!
aamod shinde : love the game so much . the gameplay is addicting the graphics are simple
but the environmental changes that just makes the game more lively. ty ncs
a google user : good game, graphics are nice too. works really well on my blackberry passport running 10.3.2 as well - screen scales nicely and no lag at all.
gaurav singh lakauriya : to play the game when its in night mode is difficult bcz we hardly can see things, it'd be better if it is for a small amount of time than daylight inside the game. great game btw something different. thumbs up!!
ahmed ebrahim : i've never written a review before, this game is gooood, music is dope, every detail from the lamas and the scarf to the infinity of the game is top notch. big thanks to the developers.
keven wijns : 1) prevent screen from dimming/going to sleep when in game 2) brightness control for night runs
prem nyaupane : finally found such a interesting game after a period of long search.... try it once u will surely satisfied ...
kev ellis : so it's basically a very delayed clone of ski safari minus some of the fun features, failing to see what all the fuss is about.
symon dave : this game is beautiful. it's fun to play and the atmosphere is spot on, great work. could do with having customisation added to spend coins on. but 5 stars all round guys. well done.
a google user : the things you buy and upgrade in the workshop aren't backed up and they don't show up on a reinstall
renier wippenaar : the attention to detail the game displays is amazing ... the visuals are awesome, day and night cycle, rain, fog, and other little touches. the simple gameplay style works well ! amazing game ! :)
justine obias : the graphics are amazing.the weather patterns are cool and beautiful!my suggestion is that add more things in the workshop and add more characters. your game is fun!
udana wijesuriya : used to be a good game. now all of a sudden right on the middle of the game comes advertisements from noodlecake studios promoting their own games. when pressed "no thanks", the game crashes. i paid for features too. not touching this game until it's fixed.
jeet francis : the game is not much when you look at it. but the beautiful graphics make up for whatever people hold against the game.
michael t : nice, well designed graphics but ultimately ski safari is more fun.
frank b : cool game but.... it froze on me and had to start all over from the beginning
martin becker : brilliant game. smooth, engrossing, lots of realistic goals to achieve. best game i've played on my phone in a long time.
connor g : cant sign into google play, crashes alto. tried clearing cache data. uninstalling, then reinstalling, still crashes
nouval h : very very awesome game with a great visual effect and graphics! please always update this game for more perfectness! nice work!
erald k : a perfectly executed, gorgeous looking game where you only need one finger to play, well one finger and impeccable timing. fun to play both on a busy commute or just chilling at home.
j lim : i actually bought the iaps which are more expensive than the ios counterpart. people who actually buy don't deserve to get spammed with ads. we click on the in game video stuff enough times already.
rufus singh avinash : lovely music and clean graphics. absolutely love the game. challenges could be made more tuff.
mackenzie : too difficult way too fast. the stuff they make you do to level up is just retarded. plus, the wingsuit is fricking useless. thanks for wasting my time. what a bad game.
emanuel lourenco : if you are looking for a game to just relax this is it. turn the volume up and the relaxing music and artwork and simple gameplay will do the work
maxito gman : alto's adventure has a delightful art style matched up with one of the smoothest and most enjoyable endless sliding gameplay mechanics that i've ever used. get it
horia mut : easy, beautiful, brilliant. can't really say much more. this is a game that understands what it means to be a "mobile phone" game. great work.
ayy tawn : the game is fun, entertaining, long lasting, and not unfair. the art style is beautiful, and the ads aren't unreasonable. 10/10 would recommend.
shannon calvin : this is the most soothing game ever with just enough challenge to frustrate me. love it!
catherine tweedie : i absolutely adored this game and found myself very addicted until i came back to find all of my progress was lost and i have returned to level one despite being on level 23 beforehand.
gabriel reyes : such amazing combination of visuals and sound design. simplistic user interface and experience. a game worth keeping not only for its the gameplay but also for its visual aesthetic. inspiring.
halo runner115 : everything about this game i like the graphics and music tears of joy
azeem wahab : the game is awesome graphics & music is really good & soft but ever level i am clearing the new task are coming. so, in that plzzz give some tutorials to getting more easier....other everything is perfect
rowan doherty : the game forces you to take a break from playing every few minutes. you need to click on the "watch a video" button and then mute the sound and look away for 30sec. i have no idea why they make people do this. it's insane.
aaron plaskonos : can pick it up and play and doesn't waste your time. i like how they integrate ads, where it feels like my choice to watch them, but isn't too intrusive.
sagar patel : easy to learn, fun to play. great time killer. only suggestion is a cloud save feature for unlocks and coins.
nikhil bhagwat : cannot sync with my google games data. whenever i install the game i have to play it from the beginning
suman mugi : good game, if it links to g+ or fb , we can resume after re install from any level
akhil gs : very beautiful made game with a clean music and sounds but have bug when i pause the game sometimes i can't see resume and other options and need more variety places to slide. edit: how to save game in cloud i lost all my game progress and players?
dan elmore : actually feels as if i've gone back in time 20 years, to that time when people crafted games with the agenda of being fun, rather than being a medium for selling victory over one's peers.
yehezkiel pw : nice. i can play this game in my zenfone 2 now.
will brown : great graphics and fun challenges but we need more power ups and characters lol...still one of the best mobile games ever!!!
michael fikaris : i really enjoy playing this one! the graphics are clean. i like the atmosphere and the time changing from day to night is a great mechanic. the gameplay is easy to pick up but will take a bit to master. the sound is very well done and creates a nicely immersive experience. worth a look!
ivanlucifer666 : the game is great. ive never felt more relaxed while playing a snowboarding game. the music matches perfectly. the only bug is that it keeps trying to make me create a new google play account when i have one.
anirudh ravipati : imagine yourself up upon the alps. all you do is snowboard across them, through night and day, beautiful music playing - the kind that blends in with the world around you. this is that game
chaquayla cleveland : i like the game the only problem i ha e is when i try to revive by watching a video of freezes.
kulsum : i don't normally install games because i find them really boring, but this one is great. beautiful scenery, pleasing soundtrack, easy but not too much in a nutshell, just what i was looking for. thank you.
drumax : what a game i mean can't resist my fingers, great graphics and very addictive. i was definitely looking for something like this... this is beyond words, art of perfection i must say. great job!
waffles pancakes : the gameplay is simple and the graphics are gorgeous. it also doesn't go full on p2w like clash royale does.
ameel beshoori : i was addicted from the minute i started playing up until i completed the final level. just wish there were more levels and more tricks so i could continue playing! thanks to devs for a great game.
andy gandy : nice visuals, soothing audio, and ads that will pop up at random to ruin a great run. no paid version is currently available.
a google user : i dont usually play games on my moto g 2 , i accidentally discovered this game and playing some time in a week & its make me happy .....loved it
jonathan alexander citra : the music, the landscape, also the effects make me feel the atmosphere... so relaxing game
creepinzombie33 : if your looking for a game that's calming and fun, well you found it, join alto on a snowboarding adventure to find his llamas (or alpaca or something...) anyway it's a fun little time killer and a peaceful one to.
krishnaraj k g : superb visual treatments in such a small game and mollifying music gives an extreme relief from stress!! such a wonderful make!! awesome ..keep on doing these kind of hyping games. thank you so much!! try to add more calm music as an addition in the next update!! :)
c e northeast : this one ads starts blurting its music mid game and of course you die. after this happens, the sound to the game mutes. pls fix this glitch and i will change rating to 4.
antonio borckardt : only reason why i put 4 stars is because there's always room for improvement. but this game is great and just so relaxing to play. the graphics, sounds and music are incredible
luis rubio : i've lost all my progress because a change of device. it will be great if we can save the progress and keep them between devices. the rest is perfect so 5 stars.
dheeraj suvarna : i had my google account synced... i had to reset my phone and hence lost all my progress, even though i logged in again
peter burns : great but unfortunately recently the ad that pops up occasionally will crash the app and will show up mid run :/
donald rink : new ads force close the app. very annoying.
72 : it looked pretty in the store and it's pretty in the game, i expected good music with it and i was not disappointed. a wonderful game
will harris-braun : smooth, beautiful, and fun to play. the harder levels can take a long time to complete.
britni gill : the first time i played it was on my dad's phone and beat his high score, ever since then i have loved this game!
burak abay : when you hit a rock and your body falls through a hole, game stops. i watched the day night cycle for a while and nothing happened. dear developers hope you'll fix it.
nicholas : ever since the latest update my phone has been acting for this game as if its a big process and my phone will start to get warm it was completely fine before , i would give it 5 stars if this was fixed
nick vasiliev : it a pleasant game, but same track over and over again is kinda boring. watch video button doesn't work 98% of the time. jumping control, the only one in the game, gets stuck at times.
rahul dev : this is one of the best entertaining game i ever played melodious background music and specially the concept of designing of this game. hasoff the game developers..
void hillin : simple, clean, elegant, addictive, (almost) ad-free, (almost) bug-free. great game. the only downside: it warms my phone up too easily, which should not be a normal behavior of such a 2d game. oh and sometimes it becomes irresponsible to any input, i always need a app-restart to fix it.
daniel buller : stunning graphic art paired with thrilling gameplay and imaginative music places this game above all others of its class. it is games like this that push phone games to the next level and solidify them as an art form.
austin campbell : simplistic graphics yet very pretty, amazing gameplay, reminds me of some sort of tony hawks snowboarding spin-off.
haseeb khan : awesome graphics & a really soothing music .. but 1 thing...the game gets boring after you've played a long way... really? just for characters you have to play over and over! but if this was a game bought with some money, i would definitely would pay for ... at last i would say this game is neither too good...nor too bad ... i would say, the graphics are cool but the concept i don't think this would work for me. thank you =)
akhil warrier : the visuals are a treat. and use a good pair of headphones, the rain..lightning and soundtracks are worth it.
krainst lin : i've never seen an eye-catching game like this before it's beautiful and easy to play! everything about this game is so amazing!
husain kahil : i'm not usually one to leave reviews, but i had to for this game. realistic yet simple graphics, relaxing, simple yet challenging. all the perfect aspects for a perfect game.
corn rad : great game. difficult to see during the night cycle though. perhaps disable it or improve the lighting during the night.
haseeb kamal : this app is really well built , it is highly polished with great visuals and and an appropriate soundtrack. it's a top class game , no complaints.
i s : almost a month later and the developer still hasn't added artwork to the leanback launcher icon for android tv. dev also ignores emails, which is disappointing. edit: two and a half months have gone and come, still no answer.
hoby finch : those caverns are bloody hard to get over sometimes but love that game guys
thestylishfox 5 : amazing scenery, amazing music, amazing gameplay, amazing everything! <3 the developers and extremely artistic designers of this game really showed some of their true potential in the creation of this wonderfully made game.
vivek bhagat : it is the most beautiful peace of work! it is rare to come across a game which is so pleasant to the eyes. kudos to the team. it is amazing :)
logan ostrom : originally loved the app. the new pop up adds show up in the middle of a run, blocking the entire screen so you wipeout. also, the pop up adds frequently crash the app so you lose the progress from your current run.
joel : this game is gourgous for a mobil game and is very addicting. it also does'nt have ads unless you want to revive yourself! great game.
anthony prescott : so simple but so perfectly executed. and make sure you play this with a good set of headphones as the sound is unreal.
dmf cloud : finnaly a well made and original game wich i can play for hours and i luv the grafics. ssoooo pretty
a google user : simply fantastic! gameplay is very smooth and elegant. the design team has done a fantastic job with the coin system where it's not a pay to play. very well done, absolutely love this game.
a google user : can't jump over chasm and when fall down the ride won't resume so i need to start over, boring after five times...
colin lauer : i never write reviews, but i felt i had to for this game. it is hands down the best game i have ever played on a mobile device. visually beautiful and stunningly simple. i love it. simply amazing..
rob lynch : i really like this game but it seems to have lost my progress twice. it still shows that i bought the coin doubler, but i'm not sure what happens, maybe an update to it or google play games causes my progress to be lost.
caleb r : thank you sssooo much for bringing this game to android! i always play this on ios devices at best buy and i am in love with this very adductive game!
saikat roy : my only request to developers is that, update the settings in the game to disable the screen lockout of phone when screen is not touched
muhammad hosny : it's very relaxing game if i angry i jyst play it and it makes me down the graphics the music it's all organized for relaxing and enjoying
yaniel perez : i would pay 25 bucks for this game i've been playing it 3 days since it came out it needs more things to choose and upgrade from but they are probably still developing it out of all the game apps in the world i top this one the best
gurpreet singh : its a perfectly developed game effects, physics, music and everything is amazing , please add woohoo sounds when player does flipping and other adventurous things to make game more enjoyable
sumanth rc : graphics is phenomenal. gameplay may appear simple in the beginning but it is difficult and at the same time addictive. great job guys.
katrina west : this game is beautiful and fun to play. my only critic is that i feel that jumping over certain casums is completely impossible or pure luck
mongolo boii : great it leaves me speechless the only game on my phone and now it's the only game i need
mlungisi mhlanga : very simple. visually stunning. excellent challenges. i love it.
albin poignot : i love playing this game :d it gives me peace and a touch of poetry in the subway :d you can play it just a few minutes and pause it easily ! simple, calm and addicting : i just love it :d
logini the person : i love this game!!!! it is the go to game when i have nothing to do.(or maybe when i do have something to do). it is an overall a great game. i don't usually write reviews for games but i though for alto's adventure i thought it was necessary.
art and photo mania : please give updates and make the game more beautiful. it is the fantastic game in phone i have ever seen. music, grafics and super weather changes.
ishan ghosh : this game is flawless, beautifully made, minimal, clean and most
importantly, it doesn't force players to pay for anything. kudos to the
developers.
ks lalotra : this game is full of satisfaction.i mean the controls are so smooth and the gameplay is nice especially the "wings suit" works like a charm...highly recommended for adventure and arcade gamers
glen anderson : alto's adventure is by far my favourite android game but all my stats have been reset (at level 43) please help @ dev team
jesse gagnon : cool art style but terrible gameplay not worth the download
arvind r : i first played it on my ipad mini last year and the game is a perfect fit for android. one of the best looking games on the store plus it's free. awesome and relaxing game
suri : the game is really beautiful with different scenarios which is really cool along with a soulful music played along... alto is really a wonderful game but seems to be challenging in the further levels...
david hankinson : it's simple. the graphics aren't over the top. could use 1 or two more power ups but i absolutely love the game.
viktor storozhko : very fun game yo. the rocks are hard to spot at night tho ahah
a.c. gwin : the continue system uses unskippable video ads, which is problematic when not on wifi & irritating the rest of the time. a paid version, even with (non-vid) ads, would be perfect.
sergeant detergent : the game was really great. flawless and soothing graphics, and this is one of those games where you can't actually pay to win. best of all, it's free. a very good game for all.
mcnignog : please take the time to try this app it is by far the best one on google play i have spent hours on end playing this app and just when i was going to put it down i unlocked the wingsuit and played it for a longer time.i have owned this app for about a month now and i am still enjoying it please get it you owe it to yourself to give it a try.
j d : this reminds me of the old pc game skifree loved that game as a child. this has the same idea very fun
sean lupo : great visual and audio. they had an idea did it right great job should be 2.99 but it's free (i do want to give you your 2.99 though)
anwesha barua : first thing first, the graphics - beautiful! i just love the way the day changes to night and how the background changes with it! the game is simple, just skiing around the place, going and going and going! but one thing i don't get it, who is that person that chases alto? i mean what to do, do i have to surpass him or hide from him?
geoffrey giebelhaus : honestly my favorite game now. its well made, its eye candy, its fun, its addicting. and its not pay to win. great game!
jason c : can't see rocks at night which makes me want to erase this game. really frustrating.
alfredo martinez : this is one of the greatest games i have ever tried for a mobile device it's really entertaining and runs perfectly, i would appreciate though if you made a change on the game. i noticed izel's wingsuit throws fire, as tupa's fire is blue it would be awesome if his wingsuit would fire up in blue as izel's. thank you!
parthasarathi singh : recently there is been a bug in the game. when ever i choose watch video for extra life the app relaunches every time. pls fix this....
jassi singh : a game ad comes up and if i click on no thanks then it closes the games regardless of the progress...well that sucks when u make a good game and force other stuff which doesnt allow to enjoy alto
aj s : i really like this game and most important thing is u have kept this game quite simple,it is some like ski safari
jameel jones : forge the other games i never rate games because well, i find the unworthy but this game, ... oh yeah. keep going your doing great. this needs editors choice forget asphalt 8 this games gonna be on top.
andy burkinshaw : a great, simple concept implemented perfectly. atmospheric and arty graphics. the control system is easy to master but tempts you push yourself just too far! quality all round, download now.
ahmad parker : i love every single thing about this game it's so graceful if you just add different music that would be awesome.
stephen ford : 1) there should be a paid option. 2) optional ads shouldn't occasionally crash the app. 3) publisher's own ads shouldn't interrupt gameplay and crash the app.
tyler bennett : absolutely beautiful visuals, great graphics, relaxing music, and great concept. very simple relaxing gameplay. easily my favorite game out now and i recommend it to everyone.
jeff mickey : advertisements pop-up at the most inopportune times in this game. buyer beware
linda icing : i can't seem to load previous achievements from google after my phone's data was cleared. had to go through the tutorial again and replay through levels even though it shows i completed the achievements on google play. if there was a way to link the game achievements from google to the game that would be cool. i really love the game's music and graphics, but i would really like it if the data could be linked
abraham obregon : it was one of the best games until they added an ad that crashes the game.
zeuzy2 : the game is amazing, moving art and yeah its good you should at least give it a try and if you don't like it delete it but its a good game so i would not plan on deleting it
vishnu krishnakumar : i normally won't post reviews but this game's off that. just plug in the headsets and sink on a bed it gives a magical feel and the music is soooo soothing and calming. love it!
caesario sogata : i recommend to play this game in quite place and relaxing situation, just you and this game,you'll feel how breathtaking and calming this game is.
braden : despite the fact that its an endless runner, the concept of unique goals and leveling up keeps the interest peaked. theres no obtuse paywall and no need to watch ads unless you want free gold.
arnaud : i really like this game, it's simple but fun and relaxing! one problem i have though is when i launch it and there is an ad for another game, which i tap that i do not want to download, it closes the game and i have to reopen it. anyone else had this problem?
jesse foulk : this is one of those games that's not quite addictive, but it gets time to pass by quick. great challenging game. worth it!
george babiy : simple, accurate, great music choice, brilliant soother after a hard works day. suitable for all ages, everyone will find something in this game for themselves. a+++++
a google user : i usually dont rate apps but just i love this game so much! the graphics, the subtle light and weather changes, it all strikes my fancy :) it reminds me a bit of monument valley!
vinod rai : i love this game and totally awesome.... good job and keep it up :) hopefully we can upgrade our ski-ing boards via the workshop to make it more fun and enjoyable
rodney wroot : boom boom boom boom, i want you in my room. spend this night together, together in my room!
nick b : only issue is i just got a new phone and my characters have not been unlocked on my new device even though i logged in with google play.
sean booth : a more boring and less engaging version of ski safari
shane palomo : visual simplistic but i works and makes the game look great the game play was whatever smacking lamas on the butt collecting coins and doing slow back flips other then that that's pretty much this game got a going for it...but it's nice to look at.
a google user : since the latest update, the game randomly paused on me without my input. and it's a lot more choppy than before. nexus 6p, android 6.0.1.
adrian au : but there are problems. i don't mind the ads. they're not intrusive but they're causing the game to crash. fix it or remove it.
andrew schloemer : fun game, but now pops up an ad for pull my tongue with the game still running in the background and when you click no it closes the game out entirely.
sean bello : i get black screens and have to force close sometimes before watching an ad if i watched one previously in the same run.
antonio jones : awesome gameplay, lovely soundtrack, and i can't put it down! i want more games like this. this game got indie mobile games right
daniel kranich : i have been getting an ad that pops up after resuming a paused game that then crashes the app. really annoying when i got super far and then the app crashed.
cagr meric : great art design and fun to play. it's not like the other endless runner type of games.
jackie cheng : had to restore my phone and completely lost all my progress, coins and in-app purchase. google play still shows my achievements but it doesn't reflect in the game. had to start all over from level 1 again. now i've lost interest in having to start all over. #fail
david pierce : i factory reset my phone and lost all my progress. i can't imagine it saved locally, but i can't get my ~80% completed progress back so screw this never playing again if it's like this
aaditez bachu : this is the best game i've ever played on android. so addictive that i'm on level 53 and never want this game to end.
ian aguilar : the game is simple, but the world is amazing. i particularly like the changing time when playing. i also like the lack of in-app purchases. it would be cooler to add more to the game, but i couldn't even think about what to add.
joshua cooper : i havent played a game this fun/addictive in a long time. upgraded to a new phone on the weekend. first game i re-download.
baz k : the ads keep crashing my game pls fix 1/5 unplayable
emmanuel haque : this game is very neat and i love it! how i wish all the games here in android is as neat as this game! thanks for making this game! -emmanuelhaque
christos lianos : simple gameplay, excellent graphics and an amazing design with an artistic sense, lovely colors... a truly well made game!
jagvinder singh : awesome graphics | love the flat design | fantastic music | addictive | love the way these guys place the ads | even tutorial was creative | other developers should learn from your app | you deserve full 5 stars | thank you :)
trunotfals : relaxing, simple, yet challenging, and the music just ties it all together. i play this game everyday on the way to school on the bus and it is a part of my daily routine. stunning visuals.
a google user : i have downloaded and played this game before. it's a beautiful game and a lot of fun. but this time when i downloaded, i can't get past the tutorial. impossible to jump the first chasm. please look into it.
dan wood : fantastic game! i haven't got anything bad to say about it. interested to see what gets added to this game in updates. it would be good if you could front flip as well as back flip.
megan michaels : this game is awesome! easy to master and push yourself or take it easy and go for a ride :) loving all the characters so far!
benjamin running : thank you for making such a phenomenal game. pro tip for anyone new to the game save up for the wing suit it will change your game forever watching videos when they are available is a great way to get cash p:s needs major easter eggs
paul dunaway : game was great before they started putting ads in the game. if you pause the game, and your phone turns off, the minute you reopen the game, an ad appears. if you tap "no, thanks" on the ad, it crashes the game! no more ads please! :(
diogo vasques : this game is really, really impressive. the ~2d~ graphics is so beautiful, and i like so much the daytime changing. thanks, devs. and congratulations :d
ratnesh parekh : awesome game.. although its the same thing again and again, it dosent feel boring and repetitive.. nice soundtrack too.
evan harvey : this is honestly my favorite game on the play store. i cant put it down!
tim : beautiful game, great learning curve and fun too. quite therapeutic with the music and calming nature of the cinematics and sound... great work!
nate liebau : you have the option to watch an advertisement to revive your life but...every so often the advertisement "mysteriously" doesn't play and your forced to end your run.
garrett lawson : just give us 1 or 2 free revives for each day. i hate ads. i always just turn the game off if i'm forced to use an ad revive. think about it, you have a nice game running, nice art, moody colors, smooth gameplay, you're getting really into, setting a hs, and mess up! darn!! and then wait you have another chance!.. oh great an ad.. yeah nevermind, turns game off and thinks about deleting it..
anuj mohatta : amazing game but any goals related to wingsuit aren't getting completed. there is some error in it. please check that and will give 5 out of 5
joe r : this is an amazing game in every way, but i'm playing this on my tablet and i listen to jusic while i play it, and i can't turn the game sounds and music off because for me the settings screen is blank so please fix this...
l exis : loved it. i would liked it more if there would be more charecters other than this, it is my best game ever played
tim wrobel : would love to see the ability to transfer data across devices via play games. for example, want the same goals/unlocked characters on tablet and smartphone.
l p : but quite a time killer. if i could pay a few bucks once to get revives instead of watching crappy ads for scamware, i would do it. those video ads are really the game biggest problem
tom mezzie : beautiful music, great variety of scenery, and fun gameplay. what most mobile games dream to be.
eshanu sarker : the game has sick graphics and no ads. best arcade game i've played.
salman wahed : game is ok but the main character is too small.
aaron blanco : great game. loads of fun. need a paid version to get rid of apps. quite annoying to have to watch commercials after almost every play stoppage.
dave feltham : what joy to find that this game sucked 40mb of mobile data when i started it. this should be a request, not a given. it's a basic endless running game with beautiful graphics. small for nexus 5 sized phone.
ahmed haseeb : this game really is addictive! its simple yet challenging nature makes it even more interesting. no need of mentioning the elegant graphics and hypnotizing music!
spruha pattnaik : beautiful graphics and music, hassle free interface and coin purchases ... fun to play and pass time with. eta: the new zen mode is absolutely awesome!
alessio franceschelli : game's good but sometimes when you start a video it goes black screen and you have to kill it
jeremy beaumont : lots of fun, easy to pick up and play. level of progression that keeps you interested and minimal in game purchases.
a google user : this is the best andriod game i've played in a long time, if not the best andriod game i've played ever. the only slight complaint i have is that the music can get a bit repetitive, it would be nice if it changed throughout the day cycle of the game, for example.
nur al nafees : the day-night cycle is nothing short of extraordinary! and the rain...simply magical!
giulia coutts : elders make the game not fun, this game remind me of real life
praveen kumar : i love the game but it doesn't sync when played in other devices using the same google login
ben jeffrey : i sometimes get games and just see what they are like then uninstall the but i don't have to the option to. i can only open the app. please help!
a google user : when you revive an ad pops up and before you have a chance you're down again :/
arnab das : nice and simple..though sometimes lags. the change of background is awsome.
siddhartha : nice pass time game. but sometimes it hangs for a very little time in my oneplus x.
bryan sanchez : i hate it when the screen darken's when the game turns to night time.
nawaaz will : the game is quite good. but the pause button is located at a very odd place. please move it on top. the game always pauses when i try to jump. it sucks. especially when i m beating my high score.
jason ng : a very well made game with unique and simple art style and the day and night cycle change the feel of the gameplay so the game wont feel too dull after a long playing session . the music fit perfectly too.
medchicken : amazing graphics, endless runs and great game mechanics. challenge a friend in a small level quest duel and you'll have a time of your life!
kishore rawat : when i downloaded it, i thought it would be like other end less running games, but its surely much more than that. a true work of art. music and animations are great. you have to play it to feel it. spot on.
sean fussa : it's a fun minimalistic game with great atmosphere and a great art style. it always manages to entertain.
a google user : fluid gameplay, awesome music and well designed goals. i love the watch ad to revive feature!
haris ahmed : i love this game very much! it makes addicted. when i get bored i play this game! its makes my time also! good job!
kelly kan : totally addicted to this game. love the graphics, scenes and story - fab game!!
nick fury : trying to play it on my android box using a keyboard and mouse to no avail. the game screen does not respond to any controls from the keyboard or the mouse. it is a shame since this game would have been awesome to enjoy on the big screen
alphass : i don't keep games for very long simply because i get bored easily but this is one of those that i'll keep playing and won't end up in the trash bin!
jeremy miller : latest update includes cloud saves which is a great addition and makes it worthy of 5 stars imo. also a fun game if course!
sahil dahiya : this game is completely boring, but its plus point is its graphics
mahesh chinna : i don't usually rate, but this game is awesome
fernanda larios : the music is so relaxing ,soothing . the game is so fun . when ever i go to sam's then i go to the electronic part of the store i always play that game .d
ahsan hussain : a great game...a bit slow on flip but it can be fixed..otherwise an amazing game
michael merjanov : so basically, when the game decided its "night time mode" i can barely play, because i don't see nothing even with the screen max brightness. you must add an option to disable the night/evening mode!
yassen sabry : the only problem that they don't tell u the meaning of the misions that u have to do
john saade : the first part is unbeatable on my device, fix it soon because this game looks great.
gurinder singh : great artwork, great music, absorbing environment and more importantly no pay to win really a great game.
a google user : game control is not that good.. the landing has to be perfect... requires too much coin to revive alto... but the graphic is tooo good.
jayce roquemore : one of the best games you can get for free.
47un : it's hard to come across a game this good these days. it looks so beautiful that every scene is a potential wallpaper. gameplay is fair (so far so good) and melts you into the scenic beauty. the soundtrack keeps everything tied together. thank you!! awaiting more features and modes!
peter capri : this game is complete b.s. the algorithms are total crap. some levels are physically impossible to pass without having to spend coins that take you playing the level over 40 times. developer, don't bother to respond to me. your pitiful excuses don't mean jack to me. also, your game is a complete ripoff of ski safari.
harry purbrick : good game, but unfortunately when the noodlecake ad pops up it crashes, please fix, thanks
deltfh : hey devs...you just ruined an otherwise awesome game with that news from noodlecake pop-up...plz fix as it crashes often
albert grain : fun game, really nicely drawn. a bit laggy on my phone but that's just because it's so old
nelson le : i'm starting to experience ads while gaming, and it force closes the game if i choose to not download it. but the game itself is really fun! just wish that ad works stay at the end of a ton instead of the middle too.
adrian toocool : i wish there were moro this relaxing games out there. no stupid timed lives recharger. beautiful graphics and music. and it's free to play!!!
urmila sharma : i appreciate this game but its a problem this game should not have night but no problem its is the best game after clash of clan.
brad s. : great visuals, sound a+, levels a+. my only complaint is the sun goes down too fast and it stays dark too long. the day time gameplay is a++
ibrahim adam : the flawless animation, clean and crispy design. no doubt this is the game that won the best design on the apple store.
anthony westcott : great game to kill some time. nice graphics an easy to play.
matthew schofield : really nice art style and quite imaginative. simple but challenging gameplay. not a lot to keep playing for once you've completed all the tasks though... quick response by the developers, fixing a bug with the ads.
brandon d : recently ads started popping up after i watch a video to get back on my board and when i say no thanks it closes out and makes me restart anyway please fix or i'm uninstalling i love the noodle games but this is stupid
krisna fathurahman : great design, simple gameplay yet so much fun. i always spend my phone battery to this game right now... i love it! good job!
hasib zaman : it is absolutely ridiculous why cant u guys come up with your own idea, its is an obvious copy of ski safari
agent 011 : it's a good game but there is some problem arising in back flip some time it can't do back flip!
jan teunis : amazingly fun game, but the updated ad's are force closing the game, even on resume. please remove or fix them.
collin price : this game is really awesome! the only thing i'd like to see is add the permission to keep the screen on as sometimes having to make alto jump just to keep the screen on causes me to die lol
ahmad batobarh : it is a really good game but i think you should make an option that let us choose the time " morning , evening ...etc " excuse me for my bad english
andrew mcfarland : fix the noodlecake popup ad. it's crashing the game
rajesh sony : wish i could be able to do both side flips (backflip and frontflip).
liran grunhaus : you are just tapping once in a while but somehow the game captivates you with the beautiful art and music. really well done. the revive mechanics are could use a bit of work, but still a really great experience
richie ballantyne : what a game, you won't want to put it down once you get into it. top thanks to the makers for a non hungry money making game, no adds, but you can whatch them if you want, to return to the same part of your game. cheers
a google user : i hands down love this game. one of the best games i've played this year and last year. beautiful graphics and concept. however i really hope more updates come to bring more missions and characters as don't want to stop playing after!
shaun of the dead : i can see this game being a long lasting addition to my collection :) very good game play that keeps you trying to beat your last score. so fluid and the graphics and music are eerily beautiful... well done to the developers :)
julio tinoco : just edited this comment from one star rated to five star this game is so cool the efects the weather the music it's just perfect
dnb revolution : simple gameplay with simple beautiful graphics, ranging from day to night, from sun to rain. the proof that less is more.
akhil ahuja : this game is amazing! its simple, yet addicting! the best thing about this game is how simple it is and also the visuals! the visuals are amazing! the rain and thunder <3. this game is just perfect and has the best visuals for a 2d game i have ever seen on android! keep it up devs!
kiran george : have been playing the game for 1 week, and every time i am eager to beat my own best score. the game is so addictive that whenever i get free time, i will open the game without any second thought.
zyv : variety of combos and skills, random challenges and very relaxing, kinda like journey for the ps4
damon billington : the game itself is very fun, the atmosphere is great. i really enjoy how they use the apps in this game, very nice.
clickbait 666 : good graphics for such little memory..and the soundtrack is so relaxing..its the bestbgame ive played..keep doing such good game
a google user : this game is so fun and it's not stressful so it doesn't get on my nerves. i love the characters and the scenery.
phillip harris : incredibly easy and fun. graphics are simple yet stunning. great...great job. my favorite game so far. so relaxing and peaceful. game needs 50 million downloads.
olsen fernandes : amazing visuals with dynamic route and course with day and night cycle and free flowing gameplay.
wojtek rygielski : one bug: jump controls keep freezing once in a while (always at the beginning of a new run), the game needs to be completely restarted (killed) to continue.
eugene wu : not one of those games where you can get sick of, feels nostalgic
dan beau : fun game but doesn't save to google cloud. had to reset phone and lost all progress.
adam brotzman : it's a great game with a good rate of progression and pretty good balancing but the wingsuit (in my opinion) is too hard to activate. either make it so that your scarf doesn't shorten or make each trick lengthen the scarf more? apart from that a great game, well done.
s b : love the game, just one major critical issue -- half of the time the video doesn't load during the 2nd revive and sits there on a black screen forever, ruining any progress. i was 10k shy of the 250k points goal when this happened again. grrr.
alli metababycow : haven't got a bad word to say about this game - beautiful graphics, responsive, no glitches, and great fun! also it's challenging, but not frustrating. highly recommend!
syed sadaf alam : like it, addicted, slightest dark feature at night which makes headache . plz increase the brightness at night.
dhruv shah : some more complications can be added to make the game more interesting.
jawn man : has one of the most visually spelling graphics on a mobile game. i also love the gameplay for this game and it handles perfectly.
macrocosm : i would have given u 4 . but even after buying wingsuit ,the wingsuit charger does not show up on the screen
scott o'brien : it's a nice game but i think u should add more mums to or lupe-re-lupe
gurahl teir : visually very appealing, but couldn't hold my attention. and the immediate requests for micro transactions. didn't land that jump? $1 to keep going!
spencer hardwick : loved it no ads control is awesome great time waster
sajid haniff : breathtakingly beautiful graphics. soothing music. simple gameplay. if your a fan of beautiful free runners, this is the game for you
dominik bednarek : god damn the atmosphere in this game is just... i can't! bravo for the developers! also big + for the soundtrack and changing environment. i beg for more games like this one!
moyej uddin : though it's a small game but cause heavy battery dying.
daniel french : i love this game! but i just opened it on my new phone after i had synced up my google account. all my progress is gone! but the stats still show my old achievements. help!
kishan patel : in the tutorial it is shown that if alto falls or crash lands just click on it and he will skies again but in actuality it does not happening. please do something
bryce harris : i play this on the bus at home everywhere.my best character is paz or something like that keep up the great work!!!
chris dsouza : it's a nic game but not dat great to spend tym on
ken kaneki : the game was awesome at first. now during play it has a pop up and shuts down unexpected. wth man!?
sheena villafranca : this game is awesome! i don't know for you but it's really great! cool graphics! no glitches so far, the game is smooth and the music and theme is so calming! well done again noodlecake studios inc !
vijay raj : its good game but i can't gave it 5 because their many things u can add to this game to make it best..
john blunda : beautiful and fun. the only con here is the battery runs pretty warm quickly during the game.
a google user : i know it won't change the game much but new characters will be a nice fresher.
milka jaramillo : i love it that's all but add more things that the public would like.
petru avdei : beautiful and fun. the game is oozing an artful game which is highly entertaining, and the soundtrack is the icing on the cake. good job guys!
jason bottin : beautiful art style, nice simple controls and a load of casual fun. highly recommended.
george georgiev : great atmosphere. simple to grasp, hard to master gameplay and fair business model.
gino lee : it was a fun game with stylish graphics. but the update broke the game for me. it no longer runs.
roberto : great game, but it would be great if you could share progress between devices
mohammad amil : i really like the game, everything about it. but something is missing and i think that would be the background music.. if you can add a music that would go well with your game it will be more awesome.. i recommend you try xkito's musics in youtube.. something calm will be good for the game.. overall perfect!!
arslan : but i don't know why it would ask me to permit for gallery
karla dominguez : the elders are to fast when they are 50 miles away they get to you so fast but other than that i like it.
arizona colt : let me say, its a great concept but no actual point to any of it. add more modes, settings, characters, skills, maps, climaxes, etc.
dustin steadman : definitely love the artistic style. i like the characters, wish there was a little more background story for that.
tommy alfida : i think you should be to add new skill acrobatic :d, and new village, overall is the great game.
redcloud xz : this game have by far the greatest graphics on mobile devices! it also is very great to play in anytime anywhere.
ricardo gonzaga : man was on lvl 38 already but just then i reformat my android then sh*ts happen was able to sign in with googleplay account but still lvl1
farell toh : this game is a masterpiece and i absolutely adore it to pieces. it's a beautiful game all around and i recommend it to everyone.
john brown : one of the best free games available. great art and style, fun gameplay, and not pay2win.
nms trading enterprise. : removed the ads myself. game is pretty cool after that.
dibyajyoti samal : this game has really outdone my expectations. the ad-freeness, the graphics, the stability, the subtle gameplay all are an added icing on the cake. keep it up folks.
tanmoy biswas : don't know why people still play temple run. awesome game.good concept.
isaias t : my everyday game.....it very nice but it would be nice if u could add it same new future but otherwise it very incredib
sandesh pawan : i am not able to get past the chasm help m e do it
jami sekhar : really loved the graphics when i played the game on an iphone. been waiting for the android version and the graphics did not disappoint!!
chetan notty : bring something new such a boring game ..only we have to jump that's it
jon vork : why in gods name does alto seem to bail out of his backflip right at the crucial moment.......why why why?! other than that it would be a kewl game
jacob godserv : it's such a simple, relaxing game. i love the way the weather and time if day evolves as you play. i do wish it was a little easier to see at night.
trevor cardozo : great game, but just got a new device. useless to me until i can sync between devices
brandon thao : ads will pop up mid game and make you lose.
doppelganger p : only problem i have is when the elder is chasing i sometimes have no way of increasing my speed and end up dying
shashank sharma : i usually don't play games for too long, but this one is really good. keeps me on the edge all the time i play. cheers
angel albarran : awesome game! this is like temple run but instead of swiping you just need to jump.
francois mostert : love it. and i hate most mobile games. noodlecake does it again
timothy teng : never had i played such a beautiful game such as this. kudos to the dev and do shower us fans with some goodies in game! love y'all
rahul george : after playing temple run and subway surfers it's a very nice change, and am liking this very much. :)
628 vaibhav gautam : loved this game ! the graphics are winsome and gameplay is easy. audio is also mesmerizing !
mohammed altamash mohammed suleman khan : the obstacle should be in glowing colour just like coins
gabriele : you know the endless run game, right? you run, collect gold, complete achievements and get new heroes. this one is a good one. repetitive, but fun to play. i love the graphic stile.
bradley fertitta : beautiful art style, simple easy controls. great music. and it doesn't urge you to sit through ads or pay real money. love it!
shubham gupta : the game is not too handy as the ski safari is of same concept..
bikash bhattarai : i hav connected alto to gmail and it was well connected but now when i formated mobile and tried to play alto again.. all achievement it shows but game start from lvl 1..what's that.??
jtgolden1s : everytime i start the game it loads a up an add then crashes.
heather holbert : loved the game, but now an ad keeps popping up at the beginning of the game & in the middle while you are playing. doesn't pause the game either, it ruins this game big time!
joshua wilson : this is an excellent game. simple, fun, and visually stunning. great job! thank you for such a wonderful experience.
jeremy s : i usually hate endless runners, but this is something else. the music, graphics and style bring this to a new level. this is my stress relief.
edward nagy : this game absolutely. just add more characters to keep things fresh!
happy memes : i've enjoyed and i'm still enjoying this game! everything in it goes together very well and has some challenging parts in it, which add up to how great the game already is! however, i find 1,500 coins a bit too much for a revive especially when i don't have wifi to watch a video instead. overall, it's a must-play game and i'm definitely going to share this with my friends.
alex trimm : on my one plus x it keeps crashing every so often making my phone restart which can get super annoying. great game though
caeleb fox-lee : this game is so fun and relaxing, really easy to pick up and play while waiting. love the visuals and the soundtrack! keep up the good work!
mark fletcher : nice game, but ads keep appearing over the game and when i clear them the game crashes. shield tablet
colliden crash : wondrous visual design on this endless runner. kudos to the designers for such an aesthetically pleasing game! simple endless runner with an engaging enough plot and great art direction - the world needs more of this!
charly roch : the game is really fun. but for me the best in this app is the background and graphism. this is just amazing. it 's the most beautiful game i have ever seen!
cyrus zhao : i really like the contrast of rocks. especially at nightsi cant relax and enjoy the skating.
samiur khan : simply epic....i wonder what sort of chills i'll get when playing this while high.
aman toora : but i cannot see the stats and the settings menu plox fix this
roopa singh : this game is the best adventure game in the whole play store.i never saw this type of game.loved it.
joseph diver : great game, graphics, gameplay and all the rest. then the popups appeared, and now the game shuts down. utter fail.
ryllen : i really really like the visual, and how it can change from morning to night is just very berry gorgeous.
eem thapa : awesome background scenery,great graphics & visuals on phone don't wait go for it noodlecake games rocks
gwen longcrier : a total blast of a game. probably the best endless runner you can ask for.
sandeep sukumaran : the game is smooth and visually very appealing. nice soundtrack. seems well optimized. great use of procedural generation.
emilia grey : i love this game! i can't stop playing. great intro, great music, great concept, awesome graphics. it looks so smooth and cute :)
joseph anderson : plays well little to no add unless you're trying to find them. really laid back
tricia dampog : this is the best game ever in my opinion!! easy to play and has calming graphics. it's officially my favorite game :d
conquest tv gaming : when u jump always flip and make u land on you face and this game make u wanna kill someone so frustrating u made me throw my phone on the wall! games should be fun not frustrating! !!
aulia f. : i 've tried over and over again, but still unable to jump over a chasm in the tutorial. i 've tried reinstalling but the result still the same. i 've tried to look at the gameplay on youtube and they seem normal without constraints. at the end, i have to uninstall this game because i don't know what i have to do
alex webber : started getting extremely intrusive popup ads which can cause death.
indera ihsan : the music is great. this game helps me sleep because of the relaxing music. thank you noodlecake
mohammed atef : i just can't put it down.. the graphics, the soundtrack and the perfectly distributed goals.. highly addictive
paul akhimie : alto nitro! just awesome. physics right, continuity fluid. glitch? minor unresponsive control after long repetitive game play & i mean 'looong'! lol. overall score 90%. won't mind additions of new characters & power ups to further embellish the game play, to' super awesome' status.
erin dailey : i love this game sooooo muuch!!!! its awsome but the only flaw is that u cant change the lighting u cant make it day or night when u want
aizat khir : cant see obstacles durjng night time making not playable
scott smith : loved the game until ads started popping up on loading screen. every time i click no thanks, game crashes. this has started happening when i pause the game so all progress on a run is lost.
praveen thomurothu : one will surely become imperturbable if he get this game. truly graphic work is so good.
miss t : there is a noodlecake ad that keeps popping up during game play and then shutting down my app in the middle of a run. very very frustrating, please fix this!!!
abdullahi a : i like the game. but it's hard to notice the boulders as match the background. unless it is night time.
zaccheaus sutton : its a very beautiful game. the graphics and music and gameplay makes you want to play it more.
avipopoki : the graphics have a wonderful art ml style that matches the surrounding area. its hard to an extent that can still deliver fun to the player!!
brenden edmonds : great game and vary good for wasting extra time in a good way while having fun
rahul kumar : excellent graphics works fine with a problem... addictive game...keep it up developers
anurakt srivastav : how to describe this game. feels like a trip of mountains and climates. never before seen such a beautiful game. great update.
sam schroeder : never gets old and lots of fun. would like it more though with more upgrades and gadgets to get
jeanne go : graphics are amazing. the gameplay is quite hard(or maybe it's just me), buuuut the graphicsss and art!! <3 i also love how the sky changes from day to night :d
a google user : a beautiful, charming, and addictive game. the perfect mix between fun and simplicity.
ondrej hauser : this game is beautiful, very relaxing, almost zen and i need to play it over and over.
svint ricardo : one day, the game uninstalled on itself and erased my progress on the game, when i was only 1 level away from the last character. please have a mechanic that allows you to restore progress
nicholas miller : this game is stunning and addictive. i love the music that accompanies it . fun gameplay that never gets boring
deniz feyzi : good graphics, not complex gameplay and pretty awesome overall
shraavan rai : it's awesome .just download the game and experience it its awesome.i bet that yu will luv it
akshay chandrabose : its not like every other games .. it kanda relaxes me .. the graphics & background music are awesome .. good job guys
j t : i saw the gameplay on ios and it was paid, well guess what its free on android , its a masterpiece really the music the background drops, ooh! also love the idea to get coins through ads... u get ads only if u want coins which is fair. a must have!!
mohit singh : really love the feel of this game, as a designer i feel inspired to see such beautiful location
jtj tuazon : very nice game. but i strongly suggest to add save feature so we can play on multiple devices.
nikhil shinde : man this game is immersive !!. insane graphics . best android game so far. this game is perfect, no ads , no payment, no candy crush like request . damn daniel approved!
jesus toro : for shore best app game of the year i saw ihascupquake on youtube play it and i thoght it would be a very good game to play ps defenetly subscribe to ihascupquake.
alejandro garcia perez : it's stunning and easy to play. this is how mobile games should be. i asked in my last review about cloud saving and now it's implemented! love for this game.
jon o'sullivan : fills those idle moments, but it's also challenging for being such a simple concept.
jeison alexander cardenas montoya : really beautiful but it is kind of boring after some time.
shafique silawat : amazing display background and sound...totally love it..raining, blizzard and thunderstorms are in good display quality. so addictive game.
joshua whitbread : awesome game love the gameplay can't wait for any more updates
joe lev : would be good but i would be playing and then an ad would come up and kill me
ben lucas : really easy game to play, very addictive, with graphics that are so simple yet look amazing.
sameer borkar : not much of a gameplay but its relaxing
me me : noodlecake ads pop up mid play and revive only works once
david cabrera : i love this game. but recently when i click to watch a video to continue the screen goes black and i have to exit out and then click end run. the watch a video just goes black...anyone else having this problem????
yishuan ang : how do you outwit your elders? the one who is sleeping by the fire, and is faster than you? i can't seem to kill him! update : oh, it's an elder escape! we must jump over a chasm to escape him! we're not supposed to kill him haha xd
drew florin : beat it really quick! mainly cuz i have no life lol.
rookie mma : minimal, fluid with no loading screens, the music is excellent and the artwork is great.
aaron hyper : the music makes me think how lonely my life is ^^
yash agnihotri : its actually awesome. brilliant work done by the creators and the editors. for me the best game on android
tushar turkar : seldom do you see a game with such detailed and immersive graphics. the game plot though is pretty generic.
keanu menezes : liked it then became boring and lost my cloud save data not playing anymore
vedant goel : just one tiny suggestion, add more tricks which can be executed, like hold on the left side of the screen for a front flip, make an anti clockwise motion on the screen for some other trick..... u get what i'm trying to say right?
nico : once you pop you cannot stop!
samuel morris : sometimes when i go over coins and power ups, i do not collect them so i struggle to get lots of points and coins. please fix.
corbin pierce : this game is one of my favorites! the graphics are beautiful! a great time waster and stress reliever.
robert cristino : i got a new phone and signed in and everything and you can't resume will you left off in your unlocking process and levels. so that really sucks and that makes me not to want to reinstall the game. might want to get that fixed.
nikos katris : update: who was the genius behind the idea of adding popup ads mid-game that don't even pause the game making you loose, not to mention that even if you click on "no, thanks", the game crashes. you just went from 5 stars to 2... old review: beautiful, relaxing and fun!
jon s : the latest update added too many ads and the app started to crash frequently
rubducksu : easy to play. takes a bit to upgrade, but a lot of fun while you work toward it
maury marauder a. w : minimalistic art style and music is wonderful! have been playing this a ton since downloading. may i suggest that you include a tutorial on the elder chase? i wasn't very sure what to do or how to avoid the elder along the way a couple of times
damian k : after today's update this great game stopped working on my venue 8 3830 with 4.3 jelly bean. just 'unfortunately alto nad stopped message'. please fix it!!!
lam raliang : one of my favorite games. beautiful, great music and addictive. so much fun.
pizxa : man this game is good.its so addicting i want to play it over and over agn cuz of the wingsuit i want it so badly but there are some bugs tht needs to be fixed
samer taleb : whenever i press play video the game stop responding
brandon clark : this game is great, hope the devs add more stuff, i almost have everything :/
nikhil : graphics are bang-on. no ads either. will check out your other games for sure!
dumidu pathirana : awesome graphics, shity tutorial, got bugs.... etc etc
andy kapelanski : saf to learn. can play one one hand too! my dream. pay the 4 bucks for double coins chud
sameer chandra : great work by noodlecake studios. the graphics are minimalistic and the game is really awesome. good revive mechanics!
fakhri mf : yup that's it, now i can play this game all day long and plz add more features
tom lyon : great game! very addictive, but could do with a few more upgrades in the shop - faster rotation etc.
matthew turner : graphics are amazing, reminds me of monument valley. i hate endless "runners" but this game is so different! a must try.
anees mufti : never thought such a small app can create such beautiful graphics!
raziel figueroa : sometimes i dont know how to do a mission cus you guys dont explain it
damien byrd : you count the points for back flips but not air time
emily lemons : pays attention to details, the moon tilts when it's going to rain. fabulous music and the controls are great!
kit stachelrodt : it has nice music, and the simple graphics are charming! i like how the environment actually changes as you play. 10/10 do recommend.
dreamer 16 : this game is so awesome, i could spend 3 hours on it without realising it.
sierra nelson : i found this ap on a friend's phone and wanted to download it but won't even work.
krishanu singh : can't believe this game is free.. excellent graphics and great music. love this game
d p : ski safari clone, but can't get used to the jump mechanics. gorgeous though
pat vankeer : on level 4 now. the dark levels are unplayable because...well you cannot see the rocks...
petr cernocky : waste of exceptionally beautiful design for an extremely trite game concept.
pramila mondal : can't describe graphic is awesome music is outstanding gameplay is juzzzt brilliant
hexa ananda : i just now re-install this game and i connect it to google play games but it's not reload my old game, my points level and anything else won't restore. how can i restore my old game?
logan : ads are non-intrusive, great mechanic that lets me willingly watch them to get revives
miklos toth : this game is the prettiest one on android right now imo
thy cao : the recent out of nowhere ads appear in the middle of the run cause constantly crashing, which is greatly annoying.otherwise, the game is very relaxing with great graphic and music
cordy mail : aazing game with its mood and style. i also love smooth gameplay. great work
jayendran b : there is this noodleking ad thats coming up and crashes the game when i say no to the popping up af
artificial astronomers : dont make me rewrite my statement tht i has sent.... what the hell...
rudraksh gupta : one of the best endless runners ive played . love the graphics & gameplay!! would love to see some new characters, upgrades in next update
zerothescyther : addicting and marvelous. tho, you seriously need a cloud server to save our progress.
jacob szor : because of the ads, it keeps closing on me. very, very frustrating. please fix.
kyle hattingh : this is the most calming game ever for me. i play it before i go to bed every single night and its just so amaxinggg!!!
maria conceicao : very beautiful and fun game to play. quite challenging as well.
ujwal patel : game is awsome.... n by hearing music we get peace listen it inserting your headphones
jazir mandley : they cheat to much i fell right before the cliff and watched a vidoe to revive me and then i got back up and died. other than the game cheating it is really fun
manideep : if it's a little near vision , would make more interesting ,need more updates, over its a great game
tom doan : this is one of the best free games with no in-your-face ads in the play store. soothing soundtrack and easy controls...very, very polished.
sarthak mattagajasingh : whenever i try to launch the app, after moving past the first screen where it says "alto's adventure" it just stays black forever. i'd like to play it but it won't actually launch!
carl travis : very fun game and tough challenges kept me playing!
gray stoudt : it's such a simple concept but it works with this game and has good graphics and simple controls i love it
mike lauducci : awesome game except ever since the ad for your new puzzle game on homescreen, the game force closes every single time please fix
john donald : this is an amazing game gameplay is fine the background is relaxing and looks so awesome and the music is great...
rod hyde : looks beautiful and plays very well. it has that one more go quality.
gabrielle garner : i love this game it is relaxing and full of great things about snowboarding and i think it is the best game ever".
honey-ann balila : but too much decorations and it will lead me to confusion ! not good at english sorry
danny steijvers : wooow, what an awesome game!! the design is just beautiful! really amazing how everything is put together. gameplay itself is really simple, but addictive enough.
jorge villanueva : this is how every free to play game should be, balanced and fair! gameplay is simple, leveling up isn't too difficult, and visuals are beautiful. i hope developers keep up the good work.
ramiro aviles : this game is so sick it gave me lung cancer
jeff hickman : one of the best games i've ever played for a phone. the graphics and music is off the charts.
prak kash : if a human can fall in love with a simple single control-response game...this is one serious contender..if not only
sunita rohal : best game ever had and help to free from bored mood
primenebula 04 : gameplay is great, also wonderful music. it's a very fun game
khyamansu nayak : can you make this alto 2playes game if you ll make to players then it's wll more popular
ezry s : they make the game unplayable.
bartomiej wawro : awesome game. and i dont rate games too ofen, not to mention 5 stars.
rithika cherukat : i love the small details added. it adds to the aesthetic appeal.
klaikong vaidhyakarn : fun and nice graphic and sound but it made noise with bluetooth headset! please fix!
mark miller : just touch the screen to jump or hold to flip. simple yet fun and beautiful graphics
kevin olson : my only suggestion would be to add a way to disable the day night cycle. it's too hard to see u less you are in a dark room.
sairam nagarajan : one of the best visually stunning games in play store.
samuel woon : i like this game very much, but can you do me a favor by differentiate among the color of stone and mountain in day time? i can't see it, i can't truly enjoy the daytime in alto. thanks for your concern.
deven slosek : this game is amazing, it's entertaining challenging but not too challenging to make me aggravated while playing.
alex gomez : everytime i open the app an ad come out and crashes it
javier romero : please come up with more stuff like this.
guruprasad j rao : am playing this game from a day or 2 and it's beautiful n amazing.. all five stars is yours..
ruby hervies : great game reminds me a lot of the game journey on the ps3 especially with the whole scarf thing
wes alm : difficult to put down. awesome art, music, and gameplay. good job!
nicholas taylor : arbitrary goals in each level, no difficulty enhancement, etc. nice art design.
ryan l : best game i've played on mobile, keeps you hooked, super fun and very rewarding.
bananamanguy : simply one of the most eye appealing games i have ever played. mechanics are smooth. day and night system is detailed and beautiful. and lamas. who doesn't like chasing down lamas?
koaabyss : gorgeous game, pretty fun, just good overall. good deeds m8
abhishek acharya : lovely graphics, soothing music, smooth gameplay & the weather is so much diverse.
brandon king : i'll be looking forward to updates and more releases from you guys. keep up the good work!
shaun yap : addictive gameplay. challenging and fun. no bugs or problems. easy to get the hang of it. overall an excellent game!
sylverewti : awesome game. really good time-killer. graphics are nice, music and gameplay as well
george thomas : great graphics, awesome music, and so relaxing. makes you wanna live in that world
oleg butorov : found this game as always looking for a cool art style. the game nailed it! and it's not just graphics. the simple idea and game mechanics make it more fun. in the end, it's just a mobile game but it eats resources just a little for the game with beautiful graphics and smooth phisics and animations! love it!
charbel azar : this game is amazing, great graphics, great story and great sounds. i hope that u add more snowboarders and more power and more place and more levels. so please if can make these updates please do it!!!
indranuj kar : please add more songs.. since uts launch ios, no new tracks have been added. add some more soothing tracks. sometimes upon launching the game character doesnt jump. fix it
max diaz : the game is perfect, i enjoy the challenges.
cole ryan : i saw this game when it had about 1000 downloads and i gave it a chance, totally worth it 10/10
ricky sorrow : amazing. i just love the art style of the graphics and the gameplay itself ! keep it up guys ! it deserves 6 stars.
dulara athukorala : it's the best game i played after a while...simple but awesome af.
amit mamdani : graphics are really cool & good music. addict to play but i want much more expect to this game
nanduri bharrath : why do you need to access contents of my sd card..why do you need it..change this or -5 stars for you..game is good though/.!!
ferny flores : a very fun game. it can get repetitive, but still super entertaining - and beautiful to look at!
#define sigint 2 : rating to be fair. unity engine rejects my hardware; a recent unity change to support tegra3 +.
giorgos kanellopoulos : a 5-star game in every way; immersive music, vivid and detailed environment, smooth gameplay!
masum khan : love this game and have made a lot of progress. i wouldn't want to lose it all when i change my phone!
greg widener : lots of stutter on my verizon s7 edge. great game!
santhosh kesani : jus unlocked all the characters by the way the last one is super cool
rohan rajan idicula : shouldn't miss this game. a simple game. so darn addictive with amazing music. absolutely 5/5.
jameseia shipp : i love it but i can't jump threw that huge gap in the snow
dhaval harsora : loved the art of the game and its one of the coolest game i have played now days.
sunil allan : love the graphics, love the play! addictive!
tom svircev : used to be great. i'd have given it 4 or 5 stars. now i start it, it pops up an ad for another game, when i click 'no thanks', it exits. sorry i have to uninstall it.
assimo iovahale : it's awesome, but should have adventures or mission in different places, it would be good.
kade sutherland : it's so smooth, hd graphics on a android phone, can you make a sonic game like that
adi saxena : visuals are a treat to watch.... looks amazing on tab... but gameplay is not as good as ski safari
aja hemphill : otherwise this is a great little time killer.
lone wolf : blank screen on my asus zenfone 2 edit: fixed thanks devs lovely game
bayernfreak 05 : its fun but a bit boring.
q nemo : easy concept, great graphics, relaxing soundtrack, infinite run, physics based. everything i want in a phone game.
peter jancso : the design is very good, but after some playing it becomes boring
david nelson : everything is flawless. probably the best game so far this year. fun on apple tv also.
hiro katsuki : nice art, simple game play, interesting random interaction. so far so good.
ian smith : never bother rating games but this one is truly ace - so simple, gorgeous backdrop and lighting, music is appropriate and basically makes me wanna go boarding!! no ads either!! maybe improve it with a few extra ways to do tricks??
a google user : this has to be the best game ever ! everything is beyond perfect, the mechanics, sound, graphics, the gameplay and the lifespan ! even the smallest details are immensely awesome which defines a perfect mobile game ! awesome job developers! this game is a gem, game of the year!
gordon pretorius : loved this game until that stupid popup started showing "more from noodle games". when i say "no thanks" it closes the game and it pops up mid game without pausing. get rid of it!!!! spoiling an otherwise excellent game.
lindsey ohl : it's a super fun game that is also really pretty! i like the leveling system.
forensic panda : great game. a little glitchy at times but i love it.
greatman : it's very challenging. and i like different climates and its graphics and music. it's pretty cool game.
vaibhav baiju : this game is fun to play nice graphics never hangs beautiful music
david perron : great challenges and fun new characters to unlock.
raveena dave : i m playing this for like hours and its really very cool and soothing game and yes wonderful graphics..
dylan gomer : love this game. had it since 1000 downloads really good art style as well
sqayvier games : this game is fun i can't afford wingsuit don't make so many of the goals about wingsuit
swapnil chavan : you guys are really awesome... seriously its an awesome game with great graphics and effects.
lisa gilley : when i tap the screen theres like a one second delay please fix
mesta saktina : beware this game is time killing machine. very addictive.
kr1tarth mishra : i just loved this game the graphics are awesome and the sound is quite soothing and relaxing but the speed and acrobatics are adrenaline rush factor.
nithin r : this is the first time i am giving my review about a game on playstore! this game is wonderful! beautiful concept - and graphics are good! te concept about time of the day is really fantastic and neatly executed! and the back ground music is also a plus point! a game which is kinda my escape now! i really enjoy playing this! great job !
jatin wani : this happens to be the best game i've ever played on android. its smooth, elegant and beautiful to watch. the music is really soothing and melodious. its crafted with love. cheers!!
travis bostic : i'm glad there isn't any adds
charles hubbard : like to see added tricks like front flips for an example. awesome game.....!
richard favila : nice visuals, cool challenges, simple mechanics and very addicting! (you've been warned) kudos to the developers, great job!
john tiongson : beautiful game, graphics and sound is amazing. good job devs!
makyy hall : the beautiful scenery and simple mechanics make this one a keeper. good job :)
mikayla napoleon : this game has been on all of my things and it will always
tarun kumar : awesome background and music it reduces the tension everyone must play this game
azhar_05_44 : its still downloading.. not plays yet.. but it seems gonna work for me! hmm its really great fun
donovan kilbreath : one of the best games i have ever played not a waste of time for a time waster
freshwater adventures : i like how the scene and weather changes each play.. :) very unique.. smooth
max dpt : amazing game, plays pretty smooth, has an amazing ui and graphical design! it would be cool if you add an option (hold you're finger on the left part of the screen(or swipe down)) to go faster downhill! :)
ming : i always wish to play these kind of games. interfaces are perfect and no ad popping up so far. what else can you compare to games nowadays!! love it.
todd soden : i am totally addicted to this game, but the ads are getting ridiculous. i pause my game for a moment, but when unpausing a noodlecake check our other software prompt appears while alto is as already skiing which causes a crash! please fix this!!!!
mathew roberts : love this game, very beautiful and relaxing, the challenges keep me entertained and playing more
nathan thomas : after level 30 keep getting ads mid game, no chance to pause. hitting no thanks takes me to android home screen and i need to reload game. what the?!
ben ide : very nice to look at. could really do with something other than just backflips and grinds.
jason hankin : this is the best game ever created in the world. the graphics are awesome and the characters in the game are sups cool.
fiish lin : i wish there was a setting to choose day and night i cant see well in the night version...it's too dark...
smokeyy the bear : hours of fun really no compliant
harshad kandalkar : awesome game, amazing graphics and cool background music, i'm addicted.
anseb moidutty : one of the best pleasing and interesting game i have ever played! thanks dev team! great work!!
locarla beatriz villela rocha : the game is outstanding! it couldn't be better. congratulations!
saurav kumar : my data was gone after i upgraded the game. now i have to start from beginning
jack glanvile : really fun addictive game to play when you have 5 miutes spare. looks brilliant aswell!
cameron bonner : these are some of the best graphics i have seen on any mobile game. most games with graphics like these have a crazy high storage capacity need
xander heatley : i love it when games have that one amazing art style that you fall in love with
oliver sworder : i love the game, but the cherry on top is the beautiful, inspiring artwork. great work on this game!
arctic koala curry : this game is great, taking a simple concept and making it fresh. i love it!
quinton bekeur : this is what mobile gaming is all about, it warms my heart. good job noodlecake!
katarina the sinister blade : this game is beautiful,specially the art,and it's also better than purchasing sky safari !
conor o'neill : latest update displays ads during the runs! sort it please!
official fun for you : best game ever played, nice build up all the texture and music. ... really best of the best. .
vishesh garg : the game doesn't even start, it crashes as soon the icon is tapped. "unfortunately, alto has stopped" ...help.
fru h. : amazing game! it's relaxing, addicting, beautiful, it has no ads and doesn't interrupt the game to beg for reviews. love it.
rahul parihar : nice game and background music is very relaxing... feel good whenever i play this game.. nice work team
henry theroux : it's a good game. doesn't constantly try to get me to pay for something
diogo nunes : great design, relaxing. nice work with google play cloud save!
poppy : i love the music and the graphics. it's relaxing and simple but still fun!
sunny johnson : a must have game! the wprld leaderboard is broken because of hackers but you'll still enjoy it.
peter pickthall : i understand that you have to have adds if the app is free, but where is the option to buy the app to get rid of them? the adds are too intrusive and ruin the game flow
caleb burns : the visuals on this game makes it that much more fun to play. the rain is extremely realistic.
william gibbs : and then you added the extra ads which crash my game on start up and then when restarted intrude into the gameplay!
david malenke : this is one of the best games i've played in a while! great job.
tom ayre : genuinely beautiful, simple controls and no time limit or pay to win bull.
raghav soni : dope gameplay plus music effects
toxbox devel : it runs smooth, the music is fitting, and i love how calming and soothing the gameplay is.
tullio gomes : lots of fun and challenging! addictive to its extreme! besides the nice graphic and beautiful scenario! you must try!
king of awesomeness : but sometimes it doesn't jump so i die pretty easily
chetan zagade : nice game....no problem but add some another type of flips.
robert f : annoying ad keeps popping up for another one of their games like you can be 5000 meters in the ad will pop up you hit no thanks and then it closes the game killing any progress i still like the game but until they fix that add placement i give it 1 star
szabolcs gaal-weisinger : is there any way to disable ads? they always(!) crashing the game. i would pay for that. btw i like the game.
harsh chelani : your devs created a very nice and ease to play game with nice design idea i was just wondering it can be more nice if it would be on vr because this game is work on single touch and vr is also work on that.
chris mchugh : many times i ride directly through a magnet i don't "pick it up". please fix for 5 stars.
robert matthews : i only have one question: why the hell am i chasing llamas? great game, though.
gurzo andras : great graphics but the gameplay is not rewarding and it is boring after a while
abu manahil : love this game, would like to have extra things to make it more interesting.
hossameldin elzallouy : finished it and enjoyed the graphics and sounds, i'll always have it on my phone
heather : couldn't say much more. just play and you'll see why.
the furry tales : like the game overall.. same issue though.. plz dont strain our eyes.. ur dark cycle is giving us the dark circles.. shorten the night time ! thats the only thing . . !!
sean silva : does anyone else think this should be called ' maya's adventure '? love this game; haven't stopped since i downloaded it! keep up the good work, dev!
sonaam hitang : i love the graphics , backgrounds, music, gameplay and everything about this game.
bikram sarkar : rain sound effects are so good and music also.. i loved it! thanks for make this game :-)
angel faith mendoza : love the colors and the combo-stringing mechanisms. can you make the colors for the night time cycle a little brighter? it's hard to play the game when you're using a low light setting.
starlink : i love the artwork and the music. an overall entertaining 2d runner.
garv sachdeva : graphics are real smooth, and sound adds cherry over the pudding.
k l : fantastic graphics and sound is soothing. challenging and relaxing game. love it!
lemuel santiago : love the simplicity of the game! and it's so chill playing it.
dino novak : by far, the best game i ever played on mobile phone, very artistic, yet challenging
al mahmud rijoy : great graphics, slow motions,nice weather... it will make your mind fresh...
brendon bradley : alto is a great character. so are the others. good good graphics too!
mick hayes : great little bit of fun. looks good too!
akshay saxena : love the graphics, background , concept. it's fun to play that kind of game.
fantastic jeremy : it would be cool there were more characters but despite that it's really good.
preetesh jain : extremely fluid physics, delightful graphics. highly recommended
korben mcbride : really fun. it is playable and not impossible to progress and level up.
avi's kitchen : can't think of anything i would like to change. maybe just more tools in workshop would be nice.
alex shabu : this is a nice game but not addictive to play
madden miles : the music is so relaxing and the gameplay is amazing,but sometimes the ads for free coins glich out but overall , infinity/10!!!!!!!
tung nguyen : the only drawback is the lack of tricks
caroline van deusen : this game is so fabulous and whoever made it is a genius!! extremely fun and easy to learn.
ushree gupta : it is super fun and the game experience is very smooth. love it!
ramprasath pitta : this one gives a whole new meaning to gaming where you aren't so desperate to finish it off. there isn't much of competition. it's just you and the beautiful visuals. the soundtrack makes the game even more soothing !! absolute bliss !!
sergio p : fun game but needs to have the display stay awake
andrew malcolm : edit... can you link it to your google account to save progress, not just achievments? old phone broke and had to start over on new device...............rated 4 stars originally but the game is just too addictive so upped the rating to 5. love it
joel ortiz : i am so addicted to this game
niloy dafierto : this game is pretty awesome, and its graphics is 70% of its awesomeness!
sanjay chauhan : the game plays well and is absolutely stunning. great work!
kyle salewski : please let this be searchable from the android tv play store! also, please update the icon on android tv! thanks!
midhun tm : try this once .its sure that you are gonna love ittttt
maldonado fitness : level 60 already, would have loved for it to be a bit more challenging
gabriel valentin : good concept, great animations and overall really fun. download now.
gitesh patil : addictive, no ads, loved it.
daniel boos : this game is not fun i when i am bored i hate playing this game
saurabh jaiswal : best game i have ever played . even better then shadow fight
brian pultz : downhill skiing is great,needs more color and to be longer. fun!
riju chakraborty : gaming isn't just about idle time killing...it's li'l more than that. and this one here is certainly more than a simple hurdle race...it's like my escapade from the hustle bustle of daily life...as if i am part of a beautiful narrative...loving it :-)
chris brown : beautiful game! my only suggestion would be to have an option to disable the day/night cycle
falak arora : game is great but crashes a lot on my note 2
mason bishop : why on earth had this game used 500mb in just under a month? that's far too excessive. deleting until it's fixed.
anthony harry : one of the best side scrollers i've played in a while. still loving it.
shan khaliq : @harrynesbitt you really nailed the game now im giving examples of thia to my designers.
lidya apriliani : combination of minimalist graphic design and calm music is so relaxing - and beautiful.
jason mcglaughlin : lmk if you need pointers. beat it. put out an update called tupas adventure!
chris jones : clean graphic design, simple, enough variations to keep one interested. cheers!
juthatip wisanmongkol : i fell down a chasm and the game stuck there.
lusindiso mbolekwa : had fun playing it, just needs to add more gadgets to show with!
ariel david atok : but sometimes it's hard to see the rocks
a google user : best game i've played. great graphics, simply entertaining
b. aziz : i exit the game with more than 10,000 coins on me...and then when i opened it later... -421 coins??! like what the heck..how can ur coins be a negative number?!?? this happened twice and im not happy about it... please fix it!!! i love this game alot... there's also an issue with the "watch video" option... i hope it gets fixed soon...then i'll give 5stars again...
a google user : a fun and challenging game with beautiful sceneries and music to accompany it, really loved playing it.
vikram das : more than anything the graphics is simple yet beautiful!!
shreedhar d : smooth gaming, classic design. great experience playing.
zach michels : the new update with the advertisement sucks. it closes out every time. why even offer to watch a video to revive?
romy : this game always calms me down..love it
james roysdon : very pleasing to play and love the music and the sound of the thunder and the visual aspects of this game
semanti mandal : an entirely new experience. loved it. the best game one can play in mobile
anton kaptainis : great relaxing game. beautifully designed and very entertaining.
chirag patelia : it' too much fun to play this game and it's graphics is very nice.
gameracer hd : graphics and sound is like wow. awesome game play and please make more challenging
cyko thedonnatarian : thee best game i've tried thus far definitely too 5
neem siwakoti : i can't tried to play this game! good job
ose chukwuma : it not working on my tablet, every time i click on it says it's not responding. i've played before i love it. please fix!!! asap thank you
dino inzauro : would like to see a few different "levels" but super fun regardless.
atik ahamed : wonderful game and the background music just completes it. great time spent.
rosemary connolly : cute graphics and cool game mechanics, definetely reccomend getting this game.
mendin watley : its cool cause the part when you make it far some dude chases you
madhav gaur : superb visuals for different weather. soothing music and easy gameplay. highscore- 272950
alexis gundogan : graphics and animations are very great. this game works fine, and it is suitable to play.
martijn : great game to pick up and play once in a while!
kyle hudson : great graphics and addictive game. cant stop playing.
mohit sharma : love it . bose in ear are cherry on d cake.
abraham ornelas : fun game, i dont like how i have to pay 1500 coins for a revive
samson varghese : loved it since it gives you goals to achieve, which is kinda really cool ! visually stunning !
rolando rivera : love this game. great way to pass the time. music and graphics are excellent.
brian speer : it's a fun game. wish it had boards to beat though
nahum hernandez : superb graphics, addictive gameplay. raises the standard for free games.
baekhyundragon : it's very fun, and the graphics are imersive, love the zen mode
am nelles : graphics are great. controls are simple. addicting too!
iko kostovski : needs character editing and front flip as a possibility
nandan soni : excellent performance and awesome graphics for such minimal games. loved it.
sakib : looks stunning on my samsung galaxy s8 plus. love the zen mode!
ljubisa marceta : best phone game i have ever played, very addicting too!
tristan bachman : easy to pick up, but the missions keep it challenging.
jamie weeks : love the game love the colours and graphics. great game!
adriana dick : i have it on my tablet and i think it is a great game the grafics are amazing
oulla o : the perfect mix of style and replayability - well done developers!!
brandon wood : it gives you challenges and it makes it addicting
sudhindra sk : the game is awesome!! but i think they need to add some more stunts and new skateboards for speed and stuff
matin : everything is on point! the visuals are amazing, the audio design, the day/night cycle, the rain , the music.
mario oliva : it so good this game! is entertainment and fun!
suvadeep banik : one of the best games i have played in recent times. it calms me down. kudos to the developers.
mansour nasser : graphics, music and gameplay are very good.
james brantley : why don't you enable progress restoration
rajesh pattanaik : well great game but not able to get the avatars unlocked back after installing in a different phone though the same google account
kaloyan stoychev : simple, fluid and gorgeous. however, it needs slightly more elaborate gameplay for a perfect score.
ullas tyagi : after so many days i played a truely entertaining game. indeed.
dillon coop : as a person who doesn't "rate" quite often, i've got to say that this game is flawless. its a must-have!!!
edwin garcia : this game is really nice, beautifully made.
dhwanan p : 5 stars for graphics and music... game could be more immersive and interesting though
james kingsnorth : attractive to look, at fun to play. too many adverts. more adverts than gameplay.
jaime taylor : thoroughly enjoyable... highly rrccomended great balanced game
abhishek bedi : sounds, music and the views. very well worked out.
amit devadhe : the team effectively used 2d concept in game. thanks for giving us such a great game.
igor cunning : kills time and is kinda calming but with could do other tricks
ilalang dzahira anwar : this is one of the best. the music is relaxing, the graphic is smooth, and the gameplay is good. good job!
moonz : simple and fun with beautiful graphics and soothing and peaceful music.
lysandros bafaloukos : awesome graphics awesome music and awesome gameplay! best game i have played in the past year! keep up the good work!
dumont darsey : wonderful graphics and atmosphere. keeps me interested every level.
nosagieagbon : great job to the makers of this game. great job guys. you are totally going to win thousands and thousands of awards!
emperor lelouch : its the most best game i've ever played.
yash date : great game with passionate creation. good graphics and very peaceful music!
the mechanic : could use some tweaks and bugs worked out. i love this game though!!!
mats fritjof : i wish i could change alto's outfit to different colors.
bruce mckenna : this is a beautiful game. the art style is truly unforgetable and the sound track is amazing!
abdul razzaq : great game and very good graphics...beautiful scenes and awesome sound love it
vaibhav rastogi : such a brilliant game with smooth graphics and soothing gameplay.
mark jensen : expertly made, unique and fantastic. thanks for such a great game.
mohammed fahad : amazing game with soothing graphics, no doubt one of my favorite.@devs.. keep up the good work .
conor petretta : this game is so addicting and so fun. it deserves editor's choice.
pavan kumar : i love the time lapse.
wilar : more relaxing music please, and some upgrade for board and character.
janardhan dandu : great work on both the graphics and the music!! 5 stars no questions asked!!
joshua ivins : the best game i have played on a phone ever!!!
cynthia fong : i loved the art, music and the levels i would like more apps like this.
james dizon : very simple. enjoyable and not frustrating. certified eye candy.
gohar khan : i live this game everyday veruy nice and good graphiks the advanchure is very good and i do the jump trick ahhahahahahhh very good game very nice very fine very fine hahhahahahahhahahahahhaha
skinwalker 1976 : easy to pick up and play, hard to put down.
a google user : incredibly simple game, but with such a beautiful atmosphere.
thomas tokarski : awesome graphics! i love the sou!d effects!
a google user : love the music makes me feel like i'm the one skiing the mountain
akshay sebastian : this is an awesome game. great visual effects and nice bgm. loved it.
mijan islam : addictive. but life for ads is irritating
ritz dell : addicted so much that wake up at midnight to play...
joshua lorenzo : this game is beautiful.
yuann wang : love the graphics and music for this game. very well made :)
valentin trita : the game is very good and fun. it feels finished. well done.
mark o : pretty, but nothing new in terms of gameplay.
isodope : this game is a piece of art. the transition between day and night is awesome.
reynier sebastien : nice music, such is the good point, except that:11 levels, the only new thing is a creepy new character, no new mountains to ride, and one trick to perform yourself:a simple backflip. really? that s all you could do?
dio septian : i absolutely love the graphic and music, such an enjoyable time playing it
florian martin : simple gameplay, great art style, great music, and super addictive
varun kumar : really really a great game. graphics, sound all are amazing
ajay mane : one of the best game i ever play speacially the background music was the awesome part of this game good job guys.......
tony_ d93 : i love this game so much it really suprised me because the graphics in this game are so pretty and so relaxing just keep making games like this i love it man
felorin moginda : good graphic and sound. very simple to play. its a must try.
milan bhattarai : awesome ... just keep on updating more and more things in game.... the music is so perfect,everything is so perfect... plz keep on updating much more newer things... i am playing this amd i want to play it more.. if u no wat i mean..
selma lolita dyah pitaloka : the art style is superb. the idea is quite fresh and the gameplay exciting. love this xx
handmade tofu : i really love this game so much! so smooth. relaxing. fun. and also addictive! i like the piano theme too! sharing this game to my classmates
bharat modha : love the scenery, fun to play game, keeps me wanting more.great work guys
stephen marks : love the music, scenery, and game play.quite possibly my favorite game to date.
nikhil bhardwaj : exceptional graphics which involve seasons, dusk, dawn and a very calm music.
hrayr tonakanyan : it's amazing. very beautiful game with positive mood. i really loved it. design and sound effects are also very nice. good job done!!!!
unnop alpha : beautiful game and very relax music. this is a must play game!
liam ellis : a decent and fluid game to pass some time.
hannah moran-macdonald : omg i love this game it's so fun and addictive get it!!! it's really creative and fun to play with friends and family :)
e sherman : this is a beautiful game both in concept as well as design.
tuyet nguyen : simple and elegant. reminds me of the game "journey" on playstation
ioana vasilescu : nice story, smooth game play, mind blowing graphics and fun challanges. what else could you ask from a simple game like this? i love it <3
ankit mehta : just the kind of game you need to keep you entertained and not complicated. love it
vignesh thambi : nice graphics n work flawlessly... the great thing is, yew don't need to pay. yew can jus watch ads
gavin minor : do back flips and it is simple and great graghics with lighting and the moon and sun with the mountains and dont take up lots of space
bobby williams jr : great game but please give an option to remove ads.
thomas west : i like the game but when you have to buy something just to move on in a game i don't see the point
theo : this is the definition of a mobile game,fun,time killer,minimalistic and enjoyable.
callme asmr : very very bad it was not open please don't download the game
dr. royalty : makes me want to play it on a piano.
chaitanya nargolkar : top notch graphics and sound. great game to play on the go
m.a. mazid. tousif. nadid. : this is a rare andeoid game that graphics is so cool and the music is perfect to the adventer.
amol bhusan pradhan : superb game and good timepass. can u please tell me what is proximity backflip.
i wanna die : this game has an amazing soundtrack and is very addicting. absolutely loved the games style.
payton clemons : beutiful senery, amazing graphics for a mobile device and soothing music!
prasanth a p : love the atmosphere of the game;great graphics and the the sunrise and sunset is absolutely stunning
vincent jacob : this game is so awesome! i love the graphics, i love the music, i love the characters and most of all, i love the entire game!!! one of the best games i've ever played in my entire life!
diego padula : a very good quality for a free game. five stars is a little bit short.
dylan van der merwe : please add more features to the game. i love it
jordan pendergrass : gameplay is fun, the day/night cycle is beautiful.
aljo anto : feels similar to subway logic wise,but smoother
leylan b : don't normally do this. but i have to give it to the developers. it's a great game.
ed dewes : can get abit repetitive but a great challenging game
sarthak verma : love the graphics , the mechanics are so perfect ! i'm a total addict to this game well done guys !
sayak das : fast and smooth gameplay with stunning visuals. minimalistic feel. great job.
danny cross : such a beautiful game and seriously fun. i got so much more than i expected with this game.
rishabh negi : the scenery and background music is so good.i love the game
julian rothe : showing ads in the middle of a run so you fail.. thanks for that. also regular bugs like dying for no reason. uninstalled
guillaume larocque : finally a game in which the interest of the player is the prime focus.
farhad sabbaghi : please add some varity to the game.like change the character
michael heerkens : the game has good graphics and is really addictive keep up the good work
jinji bones : something on this level of integrity deserves acclaim. well done
alfie kenneally : lovely art style, simple gameplay yet very addictive, fantastic :)
sudip dey : the most beautiful android game i've ever played. thanks.
mausov : very fun time waster. incredible simple and intrinsic
boyka nelson : was the ever gaming adventure had...done beautiful graphical things among all...thanks to the team,..
paul sunshine : i love the look and feel of this game. it is wonderful in its simplicity.
willord estero : oustanding graphics! background music is so enthralling! love this game so much!
girish ganesan : excellent music track makes the game very comforting to play.
august hare : i love this game, very enjoyable! and i love the soundtrack!
tanvir hussain miraj : nothing else to say after i play it for a li'l while.
hassan zaidi : u have to increase the size of runner... little bit... its below normal... thanx ... overall game is awesome... gr8 work
richard schirmer : i liked the concept, but the controls were a bit quirky.
valon tafa : this game is absolutely gorgeous! problably one of the best games in play store!
daniel stoltz : i loved it just thought that there should be online matches for distance.
rameshwar singh : loved the simplicity and graphics of the game. always get a feel of adventure whenever playing this game.
prabhuraj kogalimath : pls change the colour of rocks, can't differentiate rocks from trees..
steven r. : new pop-up videos are a huge annoyance.
edgar sorto : i love the graphics for this game and the music makes it that much better.
kaushtubh chauhan : the game is fluid and doesn't lag.change in weather is a nice and it would be nice change to upgrade and change different board with powerups
king will85 : the game is so aeesome it just needs to decribe the obhectuves besides that it is an awesome game!!!!!!!
curtis kaldestad : alto's adventure is and absolute delight to play and master.
james schofield : this game is amazing, i love the level of detail
matthew : great aesthetics, nice music. could use google cloud saves.
emma ashworth : best game ever. just make the upgrade prices a little leases expensive. also, make backfills a little easier to do.
myke edison : the game is amazing, what would make it more amazing if you could add more tricks
vincent hanniet : easy and fun. easier would be too much
sabari venkatesh : a game set in a fantastic backdrop makes playing this an engaging one.
shiladitya roy : just awesome. need to improvise some moves and coin/point thing.
jason richard : very cool version of a temple chase game.. but it really needs an option to disable night..very tough to see!! help the players and i'll give it 5 stars!!
peter winstanley : i love this game. it's calming, charming, and a lovely mix of wonder and action. thank you :)
subhradip banerjee : nothing to say more ....i gave up playing subway surfers for this one ...this is awesome
sophia r : loved it, beautiful artwork, needs to have more substance though.
rob bottomley : beautiful graphics, smooth gameplay, good music. love it
dallas mcgonigal : play for a minute, or a couple hours. fun either way.
angkon halder : it's really more of a meditation than a game. love playing it every time
aamya grove : i like totally love this game it is like so fab you know what i mean.
michael nalumino : this game has a simple and fun design that is very addictive. it's a very good game
suhail shaik : graphics are too good. but stunts are less. music is good. worth playing!!
vishwas vishwakarma : the background music,theme are very peaceful. loved the bg music
malcolm murphy : the game has amazing aesthetics, an amazing, sweeping soundtrack, and fun, simple mechanics. really a wonderful title
mars_ on_lock! : a real attention grabber, hands down!
andrew s : like a runner of which im not a fan but this is different great art level design graphics sound effects and music
a google user : great game. make a download forthwith!
priteem behera : one of the best games i have ever played.
day b. : one of the best games that doesn't demand your time but takes it anyway.
adriian mdfk : its one of the best games ever but it would be good more skills that would be as passive skils
roogeh : thank you for making this game exist you are awesome please make some more games like this
aryan oberoi : i love the game. especially the ui. i love the soothing music in the background and also the beautiful scenery. :) i love it.
miruna dragomir : great gameplay, awesome graphics and soundtrack. love it, love it, love it!
bryce neil : great game, love the set-up and the actual vibe of the game
bruce barnes : this is definitely one of my go to games. i recommend this for everyone
funny guy : the only problem is that the characters sliding in the marvellous ice. ...are to small to cope up this game....
rohal shinde : awesome game ever best graphics & controls, no glitches,as well as clam & cool game ever.
meth overdose : this is the best game i played in a long time
soubhagya ranjan : it's crashing on zenfone 4
james harris : great game very addictive keep up the good work and make more games like this
anupam das : this game is very addictive and love playing it, spend lots of time playing it.
ranjun singh : beautiful!simply love the music though would appreciate if it would shuffle a bit
v k : it is really and addictive game and visual effects are really amazing.
sam eldin : i play on galaxy note 4 with maximum brightness and can't see when it is at night time.. it's too dark..
mahady hasan : title says it all
aditya pandey : i love this game. graphics and scenes are very nice.
yashwant raj : so addicted and time killing app....lovely music with good graphics...
tuinoino davis : it's very active and if you are board this game takes up time
ankit mahto : a lots of places to be explored like villages, forests,mountains,etc.
lord headass : still you havent failed to amaze me noodlecake, keep up the good work!
keng lyn woo : can't get through tutorial
amenosubaruboshinomikoto ryugu : for delivering such a nice game, the art is beautiful and the gameplay is amazing
court otawa : this game is addictive as hell, seriously...be careful lol
jason evans : simple, beautiful, relaxing and run to play over and over again.
tanner anderson : good gameplay.love the challenges
cross kennedy : easy to get in to, great graphics and quite addictive!
jake myers : the graphics are awesome and the game play's fun and addictive
luis olivas : wow this game has no lag what so ever the music is good and evering thing els make a sites out of this plz
meng s. : fun but freeze or shutdown my phone sometime..
kind wizard : the most beautiful looking mobile game ive every seen in my life now if only i can get past my highscore
josh miller : this game is simple and fun, but most of all looks and sounds great!
chilly64 : love this game. beautiful graphics and music. feels good playing this.
ethan parker : it would be nice if you could do more tricks other than back flips and grinds
mohammed umar : better than others of dis types! and music is also too gud
wesley kizer : a beautiful and fun game, and plays nice and smooth!
aka loui3 : awesome nothing else needs to be said.
joao oliveira : really nice game, and three revives make it all the more interesting.
gal chen : loved it. thanks for the endless fun
theechologist16 jw : i loved this game so much but can you please add some more characters pls for more fun
fauzan ilmar : shantik shomel geym. gud wok! 3 thumbs
eco vasquez : this game is really fun and i like it but it reminds me a lot of my favorite game ski safari so most like a new version of it
gadadhar tiwary : super addictive. graphics, sound - luvin it. no lag in performance. just go for it.
luca orlando : nice graphic but boring after few hours
eric l : beautiful graphics, design, but gets boring eventually.
captain saad : i like this game very very very much.....but plz add the day night cycle i can't see rocks in night.
bikesh lama : this game has really good graphic and background music.
omer akyol : very relaxing and smooth gameplay. astonishing visuals.
hubert20089 domowy : i did lot of levels and i like the killer it is cool beter true it
john dolomite : hope you like watching video commercials for other games!
vidit singhvi : it is pretty awesome and have beautiful ambient . great work cheers
alex navarro : very cool and simple game. sound and visuals are amazing.
ismail lohar : awesome art and design. need weather and more workshop item to make it more addictive.
thanseeh jameel : what to do when the santa claus chases you
tyler souza : game crashes ten seconds into launch
maisy moo : its a really good game and males you want to play more!
kishore : an awesome game with really sleek graphics not the one like the others which kinda boasts it's really great ;) keep up the good work !!
sung jin woo : thank you guys for your great work. keep going
aparup thakuria : nice game for timepass, keeps me hooked
yorgo chalhoub : one of the best art work in addition of an wonderfull soundtrack and above all an easy and addictive gameplay
carson smith : now that it works i can appreciate the true beauty of this game.
gilberto echeverria : very artistic and fun. a real work of art.
yassir zahir : minimal design, beautiful and simple.. you don't pay to play, watch an ad to continue and you will earn coins.. bravo !!!
jeemutbbahan roy : plays like a charm. looks charming. the music soothes the mind. brilliantly re-playable.
waleed alvi : great game and game play is smooth. i see the potential in making this game even better with future updates!
christopher valdeavilla : the game was so nice and cool especially the characters haha great game
joshwin daniel : this game has very realistic surroundings and the sunset and night is very cool though. can you please increase the speed for rotating?
ashish madeti : i had to start from level 1 in my new mobile
ryan cottrell : could have better powerups and maybe different features in the runs but overall beautiful and super addicting
pramodh seebah : great ad placement great game. great job creators
albert melu : this game is too cool. i super loove the graphics and gameplay. :)
tiago : beautiful graphics! i just hope for better optimization on lower end phones
will orr : beautiful to look at and great fun to play
sunny singh : very nice want more this type of games
ruone bohan taghian : well put together and an excellent time killer
owen dunnigan : this game has amazing graphics and super enjoyable
shaban taj : such a fun chill game great graphics too
joseph fountain : fun game play with a nice rolling scenery
carlos burnett : i can taste the victory all ready
mark l : just needs to be a little more forgiving on the landings
adeniyi olaitan : awesome light and good on samsung tab 3 lite
russell peter : else fine smooth
cameron clayton : the first time i played it was great
nathan otis : i really enjoy playing, but wish i could actually watch a video to continue my run... that bit doesn't seem to work.
saihaan syed : really fun. bootyfull aesthetics and graphics and it really has that temple run feel. especially the workshop.
isaac dadzie : enjoyed the game a lot but need to be able to restore game progress
jamie bradley : great game well polished flawless on my s6 edge plus well done
shreyas rao : marvelous job noodle cake studios 5 stars for this game
wolves : its is amazing make more updates plz
mr. nuclear : this game is so fun i recommend this game to everybody
kumar anandhan : i enjoyed lot and that evening time in game is so nice nice graphics
jorge chinchilla : awesome game, trust me. regular gameplays and it's over! loved it
tavish cowton : this game is so beautiful and cool looking i recommend downloading
ricardo batchler : this game is much more polished on the iphone than it is on my nexus 6
adithya chandrasekaran : nice and fluid graphics but lacks cloud save
smith ways : it is a good time to play this game
fayaz roshan : i download this somedays ago i loved it
king utu : for a snowboarding game it has a lot of good stuff going for it
jordan-joel dyers : this has to be one of the best i have ever played
adil mohd : it has got very lovely gift graphics love it
mziwakhe sibanda : one of the best games out there with stunning visuals
jinuk jung : what the fxxking great design graphic music simple and exciting
venktesh krishnamurthy : good game but they must show how to escape from elder
arnold : i love the graphics but you should put more power ups
awkward human : it is very cute and fun to play if you have any free time
skeleton general of the calcium army : this games simple graphics make it look so much more beautiful
behzad bagherzadeh : why i can't restore my game progress with google play games account? i lost my progress completely. theres no way to save progress on this game
eyitayo akanbi : one of the best made casual games i have played
clouddsss tfm : one of the most addictive games ever and everything is so beautiful.
libesh balakrishnan : -1 for constant background which becomes boring after a while..... love the game though....
tan phat oan : an addicted game with great graphic <3
mumtahin dipto's : when i play this game my heart get calm.isn't it guys...... please reply noodle cake studios
munawarsha tariq : well designed game.but,needs more power ups kinda stuffs.hope it will be there in the next update!!! so 3 star***
xiretza : really shallow, no real content to speak of
shawn yeganeh : this is a must have feature, come on fellas.
kumar karna : this game has awesome graphics along with cool music
aravind s : awsome there controls are smooth good time pass too
gajendran ganesan : good game just need to add some more types is llama
yasmin mohammad : relaxing and challenging at the same time with beautiful visuals
raj kanojiya : so addictive game from the other games i have played
redirewolf : i love the graphics they are freaking amazing and the soundtrack
raja ravi varma pydimukkala : try to fix the coin collection when trying to finish the stages
robert walton : no reason you can not enjoy this done
shubham kushwaha : love how there are new objectives to keep the player engaged
ian mckend : love the game but please can you add the ability to play your own mp3 music
simon lardschneider : i love this game but since the update you can revive alto more than 5 times
gabriel zacharias : great game but the pause menu is messed up
k priya : not one moment of boredom. amazing moves with amazing scenery and music
neil kale : amazing graphics, music, and gameplay
ankit patel : superb. ppl will love having multiplayer mode. please think and develop.
aris : liked it until the last update added random loud advertisements.
jonah lowe : absolutely beautiful and extremely addictive. beautiful soundtrack as well. great gameplay for such a simple concept.
elberth albenda leiva : reminds me the vector game but this one is in the snow and are fair to get goals and rewards
paul jaya prakash : good game to kill time
lars lansing : its just a really really good game and really fun to play
luvpreet kaur : all the missions are perfect in terms of harmony.the concept is new and graphics are sanguine
shantell padilla : love the graphics, so beautiful!
ben goldstone : i just upgraded to a new phone, signed in w/ google and my progress is gone! is there a way to get it back?
kael navarre : the story/aim made me laugh xd it's a really good game so give it a shot!
ravi teja yerramilli : got an all time favorite game on play store finally
jacob galindo : very entertaining good way to pass the time and very easy to get the hang of
lindo mkhize : a minimalistic but visually stunning game. the music is perfect as well. kudos!
spite filled lungs : game crashes mid run often
zoro roronoa : bugged tutorial can not finish it
tessa furnari : crashes as soon as app is opened
scott holt : there is only one control
nicole st. jean : copied a little off of the video game journey, but an awesome mobile game. definitely recommended to friends!
sanjana rayarala : really addictive!! no more words to explain...
be afraid :3 : such a nice game. .very beautiful visuals 5/5
alan lee : love the mood, simplicity, music, art direction of this. great game! some enhancements could be more tricks and more terrain.
cammron moreton : graphics are amazing and the music and atmosphere are gorgeous. would recommend.
kateralia : beautiful game, though hard to see when it goes night.
e p : very fluid and the music is sweet too!
vaibhav kalra : greaat game . great graphics. very relaxing and soothing game . loved it.
spad : one of the most beautiful games on android! and it's fun!
emanuel ramneantu : beautiful art, simple gameplay and pleasant background music. worth checking out!
risq : beautiful atmosphere, great graphics, and amazing audio. good work, you've accomplished what 99.9% of apps on the play store can't.
blagoy nikolov : why on earth would you put an add while playing the game and when i click no thanks the game freezes and i lose all my progress?!
mathieu chenard : pretty stunning game, playing this in the train :)
shiba inu : i love it!! the unique characters, beautiful music, fun game play... definitely one of my favourite phone games!!!
matteo bosco : i'm honestly like really hungry for chips
arya adarsha gautam : the artwork. the score. the music. the gameplay. soothing.
zero logic : i love this game. but i cant move my save file via google account. what should i do?
victor zapo : simple,fun and i love the graphics!
burhan usman : amazing game. gives a sense of peace!
harry reafor : me and my girl love your game!
m w : doesn't explain how to jump on bunting line.
andres castaneda : this game is beautiful,and gorgeous .
dhairya bhardwaj : doesn't get restore if you reinstall it. i format my phone and reinstall , now i have to start from scratch again?....
just vibin : the music is so calm and when it's raining it's relaxing
surveriosblack mx2 : you guys should make a gigabyte game about this game with nice graphics but same concept
bodie edwards : can't stop playing
sten-eric suve : must have game. keep up the good work. would love to have purchasable skins or clothes :)
supaat : please add more level
naseem sir : background is cool...game play is cool and i just loved the music of the game and the weather and day night change...how he plays during night...is inspirational. graphics are cool..lol...overall game is something i liked yeah. thanks
binhjelyn nguyen : simple, beautiful, very addictive and just something cruisy to play
maciej koziol : great graphics, and really nice and unique idea i love it
wyle mustafa : can't believe on my eyes, visually stunning game and really addictive. thanks devs.
sachin saxena : awesome game, graphics are also good.
prasanna singh : it's a game which relaxes your mood.
sumit yadav : lovley game environment design.. loved it great work guys!!
jon petersburg : screen keeps going off while playing.
daniel roloff : awesome physics game, like ski stunt simulator.
david amarith : for once i want to watch ads because i know it gives the devs money! (: do you guys wanna add a speed bar or something?
a google user : thanks for fixing the screen resolution. amazing game.
aayushmaan saini : one of the best games i've played yet.
diego ossa : i love this game and the art is totally awesome!
aditya shanmuga sundaram : awesome game.... if there be some more tricks ..would have been better
superman_ : i love this game and i have an idea you could add like a adventure mode and adding a snowing season
dhienda mariva : can't get enough untill i get all the characters
tintd dubstep : my suggestion would be that which ever side of the screen you tap is tge way that you flip
raymond munene : one of the best games i've played. simple yet challenging. great design.
vignesh sarathy : one of the best games i've ever tried,... music is soothing... gamelan is really good and visuals are really cool..must play game
miles : the music is very relaxing, and the game is addicting.
ahmed zubaier : really good game.. enjoying so much
anz047 : grafix,sound,movement evrything perfect
a google user : i love this game it never crashed for my phone
tejas doke : superb game but i cant sign with google play game
saket sahu : unlocked tupa very easily
rafick valli : this game has the best graphics and so realistic
ade anom : somehow reminds me of journey in ps3 and it keeps me hooked
kay kanganga : easily lost myself in it
wilfredo cain : because it's so addictive, love it.
makenzie e : i love the idea of it, but after, like, 3 tries, it wont let me jump! useless utterly crap!!!!!!!!!
imnota wizzard : amazing game but it would be way more awesome if you could do a front and back flip not just a back flip
jonathan dedios : this game is the best thing i have ever seen, but only one problem, what is the feather for? it only prevents you from getting coins and llamas.
karlos hempstock : surprisingly all round well developed game...simple ,yet,super addictive!!! must try
joe ali : the graphic deserve 5iv stars, nice job guys :)
lewis wheatley : an amazing game with great graphics too
phil hanson : just an all around great game!
kensington chubb : finally a decent game! smooth graphics great game play!
akshul goyal : nice graphics. nice sound effects!
anton marinski : love the music, love the art style.
ken devries : it's simple yet fun. worth a try at least!
roaming legs : amazing combination of day and night through the game .
jay arruu : calm, serene, melancholy, but still can't land a triple!
jeremy kok : simple & fun to play with. kinda inspired by tony hawk's pro skater series.this game deserves a winner!
daniel : love this game, however, the adds during game play that shut it down are the worst... recent update? either way, going to stop playing because of it.
karthick karthik : amazing game finally found cool graphics keep the good work man
a google user : damn this game. i love it!
michael lim : calmly exciting.
hynic : i will give you 5 stars if u bring up cloud back up
aaron aud : someone tell me what a proximity backflip is please.
savewater campaing : once i start playing i play for 2-3 hours
riaz uddin : gameplay, graphics and music everything is perfect.
monzurul alam : i really love this game.
vibeesh balan : loved the gaming ambience, colours used and adventure
shubham skilletelveti : alto's adventure is a very nice game!
faraji haji : it's good if sometimes you are boared..
b fiore : it's one of the greatest games of all time.
scott thomas : fantastic game and very addictive but i would like to see different upgrades added
momo thokchom : it would be more fun, if some more stunts are added...
i gusti lanang agung susena putra : really like this game.
simon : simple concept with incredibly beautiful artwork. especially at sunset and night
pushpendu chandra : the best looking and most well thought out game i have ever played! excellent! keep it up!!
andy keirl : original, simple to play, great graphics. a truly wonderful casual game. and it's addictive!!
lorraine brennan : smooth gameplay and gorgeous graphics
robert mccormick : love this game so far great graphics
levi : just want to thank the developer's for this gem, great work.
kanisque meena : probably the best in all.
smooth : gameplay- wise, not so much.
j h : amazing. please make in-app purchases for coins.
mazhar khan : great game..loved the music and graphics
smoke jaguar : great game. fun to play and immersing music and surroundings.
anurag deol : simply awesome.especially zen mode is so soooothing.loved the game.
ed : love the art style. great game to pass time.
sarah leagas : thourghly enjoy this both on my phone an tablet :)
shannon g : really is a beautiful game. nice job!
soumyadeep das : muah :-* to the creators of this amazing yet simple game :-) great game when you have some time to kill between flights ! :-d
kira : fun and entertaining game play matched with gorgeous graphics!
jithin vasan : nice graphics, concept and soundtrack.
xendark : this is such an amazing, beautiful game.
joshua sizemore : love the missions. love the backdrop. picture perfect game.
noman ahmad : i've ended this game and it was serious fun great game.thanks
abhi chand : cool game with amazing graphics.
paparazi 518 : simply amazing, thanks for this game!
chirag menon : no words to describe it...
tyre uchiha : best game ever you should games like this very addictive
vicky vish : beautiful & awesome game, i loved it.
omkar ambre : game not working for android jellybean 4.1.2 in sony xperia m. please fix
logged out : omg this game is so addictive, love it 10 out of 10
shojo : graphics, design is very beautiful. gameplay is beautiful too...
ms linkedin : now this is my favorite ...
a google user : pretty nice game. simple and funny. well done!
zhasantm : absolutely stunning and beautiful. game of the year.
tanzid mohammad : shame on you
sunday sunday : such a fun game! beautiful music and graphics
sks ricker : graphic wise, gameplay, and concept all deserve 5 stars. thumbs up!!
k : everything's perfect <3
saket shrotri : very nice game, keep it up.. challenging levels, beautiful landscapes, superb animation..
ahrimanne z : but entertaining. simple platform easy to learn and play
x ken x : cool and chilled game. nothing less nothing more.
propali abortus : the game is fun , addictive and a good time waster
sanjoy biswas : great sound quality, good game thank u
a google user : feel really great after playing this #surreal indeed
first last : great graphics. simple but very addicting
bhushandound@gmail.com dound : great game with beautiful graphics and good game play
e.karthik karthik : its hard to play.. the man is too small..
alihassan khimji : the game is really entertaining and the graphics are beautiful.
toomy nona : love the game cant stop playing
michael kearse : i'm really in love with this game it's amazing.
brandon kennedy : can we get a update with more levels !
nyang nyong : "nice graphic. i enjoying this game thank you."
daniel han : great graphics. love the concept. but night scenes are tough on the eyes...
kiriakos maragakis : awesome game with amazing scenes and music.
simon de villiers : fun and simple. a remarkable accomplishment in design.
dimitri simonishvili : one of the best games for today. it's minimal and pleasant.
james cruz : smooth graphics all in all good attractive game!
artem boiko : great sounds. looks nice. gameplay is simple and relaxing.
jays life : you shuod download this game because it is epic.
lenard garcia : this game is really amazing. truly amazing. everything is breathtaking. thank you for this amazing game. love it.
liis klimov : the prettiest game i have ever seen!
drood cool : could you's a update but still fun you should get this app :-)
rajvardhan kumar : nice graphics, nice audio,nice play
rubuhby : more calming than ski safari.
cajun boy man : a true example of artistic fun.
thayuman deviambal : dive into music and climate change in game
ally f : absolutely beautiful, and one hundred percent addicting
james smith : brilliant graphics, very easy to play and i love the simplicity
gen dimacali : this game deserves 5-star ..it is simple yet amazing, challenging and very addictive ..it will surprise you, the soundtracks are very smooth and the controls are very easy ..you should try this game ..i recommend it ..
jayce jordan : chews through my mobile internet plan.. i don't play this everyday but it's used 1gb of data in about 20 days.. doesn't it use cached ads like other apps? so bad..
g inniss : it's so adictive yet exiting and peaceful
wil callaway : always loved this game- glad it's in the play store.
sherry jandu : congratulation! you've complete all the goals.. highly recommended to all android & all age users. too much good job devs.. much appreciate. :-)
fm irshad : addictive, simple and entertaining.
elijah knight : great graphics, excellent game, simply amazing
peteris sadovskis : remove the advert and you will get 5 stars.
asif rezwan kabir : one of the best games i've ever played.... and definitely the best music and graphics
jeremy ruble : i te really like this game it might be better then ski safari 2..... idk though :)
benoit dufrene : fun, design, please disable the screen to lock.
kaitlin skaflestad : the graphics are pretty and so is the music and it's addicting
dexter manimtim : so smooth lol
sunit chakraborty : simple and truly beautiful game, thanks.
nathan taylor : this is such a great way to spend time!
john fullerton : brilliant game keeps me entertained.smooth graphics and gameplay.
gian kelvin : very nice graphics. i played it a lot before sleeping
dev ambrose : amazing game with great soundtrack and graphics. absolutely loved it.
vaibhavi patkar : so nicely made game. really appreciated
b.g. : really fun & simple to play. please add cloud save for it. keep up with your awsome job.
bailey reedy : the art style of this game is amazing and looks so good.
shrikant soni : good game,sound so relaxing, and background....ahhh
rachel gardner : it has fantastic graphics and interesting objectives.
bestari n : one of the most beautiful game i've ever played
harold j : lots of fun. ads aren't intrusive.
mikkel sejersen : amazing visuals and great gameplay!
ub umer : great job man... really loved the graphics ... the colors and gradients are really mesmerizing.
jake walker : great graphics. love the ui... if only i knew the font
sandijs liepins : i like it. can i disable the rocks? for free play? there are only few games that gives experience like this.
sunil boricha : i love it, everyday play new challange
boba minos : i love this game to dame much it's soooo awesome
julie renshaw : very relaxing music and great game!
timothy mcelwee : addictive, fun, challenging but not frustrating. calming.
jey b : so chill and relaxing. it would be great to get some different calming music at random....?
manoj kumar : bgm is awesome, really good one
randi jones : fun game to pass the time. beautiful and music is very calming.
gaurav j - theelectricalguy : great game. awesome graphics. most imp ads free.
jayson mccullough : super fun, simple controls, beautiful graphics and fantastic music...
arie : if there is a vr for this game.. must be really cool
greg hargrove : outstanding graphics and sound. fun to play.
tyrese myers : i play alto's adventure evey day.
salar alam : great graphics, fun gameplay, beautiful music.
brian nyangena : nice graphics and easy but challenging gameplay
sibasankar behera : but some live are needed
matteo senese : the design is awesome and the idea of game is great
jay mcneill : beautiful graphics and soothing music
rod ic : the game is very smooth and fun
hashanh camper : great game to sit on the toilet and play and very relaxing
a google user : this game is stunning both graphicly and functionly
blue monster : cool fast paced and new age
aqoob : great game beautiful and kinda reminds me of journey
vishal mewalal : secret life of walter mitty kind of game
charles shaffer : love the game looks very cool
seshu tumbalam : i just love this game especially sounds
eiffle tower : its so relaxing and fun at the same time
arjun khobragade : block the new pop up ads distracting
jeff narum : best way to do adds in a game!
sounak mallik : greeeeat game...one request!! add some more effects of nature....like leaf falling in autumn,snow fall, etc
lisaberdslist burton : love this app. .so much fun. . just wish there were more scenes.. keep up the great work..
jack simon : tidy graphics, tidy gameplay. simple.
dharmik thakkar : good gameplay, good progression and graphics.
jonathan fisher : absolutely shameless.
zinou guebaili : i loved it, it will be better if you add more power-ups ! :d
marco jacobs : gorgeous graphics and music and everything.love it!
adam ortiz : it's super exciting.
jack reed : nice. simple and fun great to play on long journeys
simon burnett : lovely, serene and calming... also very addictive
city manager territory sales : love it plse update to save the game progress.
no name : the game is awesome, i will recommend this game to anyone
james griffiths : love the game graphics are great really recommend
chad devsaran : probably the best mobile game i've ever played
a google user : love it. beautifully designed and works without a hitch.
quant : "finally found a game in mobile which is not a copycrap thanks"
panchanan pal : very nice n pleseant game...new themes and intresting.
kukuh bimo : verry brilliant game that i've ever play
chaitanya ganji : pause button working but jump is not working any where on screen
ketan verma : cool game with great art!
seth cornman : this game is addictive, fun, and very beautiful.
arul alisnaik : i love this game. so beautiful and addictive
sonali sengupta : well graphics, nice and interesting game
soumil bhargava : i like this game it's good really download it
khairy abd el-zaher : i love the graphics and sounds, really amazing
kat quiel : beautiful graphics and amazingly addictive game :d
albert angela : great animation,great game play
anand durairaj : original music is huge plus.
malik williams : amazing game!! great graphics. awesome one-touch, hold controls! !
laura troy : great relaxing and challenging. love the graphics!
jess l : very beautiful game and gets addicting.
joshua rakadrudru : i used it on an airplane and i actually enjoyed the ride.
john soyka : fantastic graphics! a very relaxing endless runner
mohamed abo amer : great game . plz add more music
william afton : i am holding on the screen and nothing is happening
steve daniels : easy game play but massively challenging.
a google user : can't put it down.
navdeep bagga : the game is superb! in my all-time favourites :-)
tiprada boonkrong : graphics are very beautifull i love this game
jerome : i love the game. just add multiplayer
rohit rk [rk creations] : its awesome, feeling so happy when playing dis game... nice ambience, nd cool music...wow
rahul gupta : most beautiful game ever played
konrad mieczkowski : love the art and simple controls.
joel davis : stylish. addictive. fun. just lovely
dinesh chandra : great graphics and easy to play
neena rao : it's very addictive ...just loved this one ..amazing graphics.. peaceful music...bst game
arnab mazumder : great in time pass
zahra attari : best music and sound,so relaxing,i love it...i think i was really in mountain, thx
malik dilawar hassan : i love this game. graphics 10/10 gameplay 10/10 music is just love ^_^
uday kumar doddamane : i love it... thanks noodlestudios for this game.
goose : best free game i play it all the time
a barron : worth the download and 5 stars. beautiful and relaxing.
shahbaz husain : nice graphics, awesome mechanism, great quality and perfect fun .. must try... thnx
prettylightskin _14 : try it . its so cool
m gauthier-kwan : well polished app. nice art
shirish ranjit : never liked another game this much
sumanth pinnaka : beautiful game& beautiful sound track
bradley ps343 mccarty : and latest updates were appreciated!
bethany charlton : would play again
aviraj basu : yes so relaxing. very nice display mountain, lamas, birds,. so soothing graphics
thoufique 1332 : best game i played. superbly designed
daniel yahalom : amazing art, neat and unique gameplay, what's not to like?... well except for some lag on my zenfone 2
erica creasy : need to fix the black screens
siddhant keskar : it is a very addictive game but very relaxing
soangry ahmed : it is a really cool game with really cool graphics i also like the peaceful music it gives you a very good feeling inside while playing the game it worked on every device i used highly recommend downloading this game because in my opinion this game was made with a lot of love
ian brock : makes old school feel fresh again!
dan : congrats to the devs for making such a fantastic game
uddhav suryawanshi : please guys play this game
vysakh p viswanath : great game thank u for making it
farhad moghadam : very interesting game and smooth graphics n game play
lionel l : lovely game to play on my s7
ravindu piyapema : environment and mechanics are great.
rajeev shahi : i got addicted to this game.
benjamin reardon : overall great game.
j03r0ck : fantastic game, really high quality
taylor ramseyer : can't stop playing! it's so great!
manav ram s s : it's very good to play
fergus gallagher : addictive! reality liked it
a google user : great visuals and relaxing soundtrack
arjun gopal : love the music and game.. expect more from updates!!
voss : beautiful, simple, and surprisingly relaxing. love this game.
kimori p. : great graphics, good characters and abilities
ezra haizat : great time killer. thank you.
tajesh thakur : one of the best games i play
kolawole abdulrahmon : most complete game ever
retro rocks : best game ever and so adictive
connor davies : could u add more characters
shyam pulickan : good game but not a big stuff
rowan routley : ability to turn off night would be good
raam valluri : this version is so better than older
umer hussain : great music great gameplay the best
jacob finley : it is a fun time killer
wael shaikh : love the smooth and calm sounds
rekha devi : easy to play
shahrun ullah : the game is good and the music is great
jonathan blessing : i love this game is perfect
_brainless : i love the design
a google user : uses too much data
owen crossley : brilliant definitely deserves these 5 stars
aaron azzcalibur : good game simple but fun
konstantin goudakov : very cool and really addictive
likhan sarkar : can't stop playing
mike robertson : beautifully drawn, almost perfect game
venkat raaghav : good graphics and addictive. best game
stobak : everything a mobile game should be.
sheepdog_pti rlc : can't fault it at all.
ananya shashwat : stunning and definitely a contender for game of the year.
vishal g : nice game... enjoying it... would be better if the stones were more visible at night.
koushik dey : awesome visual.also love the background score.
a google user : i never enjoyed a mobile game as much!
hritik dixit : it is mixture of ski safari and jetpack joyride. rubbish....
anuraag samantara : a must play game!
jay b. : very addictive and hard to put down. oh, did i mention how great looking the graphics are?! worth the download.
sai konda varada : need more fun but good.
lil king : i love the art style
prakhar p : really fantastic game. loved it.
joshua rice : this game is beautiful & relaxing
nitish nayak : game to be played with headphones on
mohammad aqab : awesome game, i would recommend this game
zoey pickford : it's a real time waster
the internet was a mistake : one of the most beautiful games i've ever played.... thanks a lot :')
roark rodriguez : recently an ad started popping up for another game by you guys and everytime i hit no thanks the game closes out and i have to start it up again
tulasi ram nadipalli : noodlecake studios..!!! you nailed it. this is really one of the best. everyone will love this one and you will be played all the time..!!!
amy pit : superb game . great graphics
allen saxton : enjoyed this game from the beginning.
cyber pie118 : beautifully designed, good soundtrack, and, most importantly, good fun.
gabbie love : good for boredom treatment.
rameez ali : such beautifully imagined super beautiful graphics, lively weather effects, unpredictable game play, soothing therapeutic music, no advertisement bullshit, and free .................. what else do you want, big pat on the back of the developers.
arun kumar : realy, itz an awesome game.. more than expected.. graphics are too cool... luv it...
ranjan bhindora : amazing game you should download this game.
joel watson : i loved this game, but lost all my progress after the last update. double thumbs down :(
d0kss : very nice game with a wonderful relaxing song its wonderful game
lazuardy a : good graphics, good music, i love it
tp honey : there is nothing bad about this game
fah mian yong : simple graphics. fun gameplay.
awsome kitty overfatter : will you make snowleopard's adventure plz!
jason mitchell : great graphics, controls, and music
sajid hussain : excellent. beautiful graphics and sublime gameplay.
dihan islam dhrubo : this game is cool.love playing it.
kenj r. : i'm actually surprised that this app was free! it looks amazing to. i love the background!
rebecca stewart : such an addictive game thoroughly recommend it!
pranav athreya s : stunning graphics and absolutely amazing soundtrack!
orijimi : competent work ruined by garbage design
imtisunep longkumer : the best game i have ever played so far .... hoping for more
a google user : i'm really amazed by the arts
evan powell : 10/10 would bang
oxymoron 428 : wonderful game! my new favorite. i love the relaxing music. and the game mechanics are amazing! !
tristan m : most aesthetic mobile game there is, love it
nez ford : one of the best app games; fun and addicting
kratos god of war : a very beautiful, well made, artistic game... you don't find many games like this and for free!!! great job making this masterpiece, well done.
natasha armit : just absolutely wonderful.
louis cuebas : highly addictive. great time burner
bilal : sounds, music, backgrounds, graphics, playing everything is simple and perfect... the best game
dennis avalos-ponce : the perfect mobile game. 10/10
richard haigh : dagnamit, what's with the random popups during gameplay.... sooooo anoying.
prijay khadilkar : i always enjoy playing this game..
trum ngai : ads ads ads. oh and the game sucks too.
martin fisher : experiencing lagging after first go
hrushikesh girish : it's good but that 'alto' guy doesn't jump when he has that "feather float" power up is active..... plz fix it asap
christoff gericke : excellent game, calming, beautiful and fun.
lokanath das : awesome game with smoothness & really enjoying a lot
sanjay upadhyay : its not working plsss fix it
mike just : it is a really good game!
g.j ramanaa : wooowwwww u people rock the animations
the beava : its like that pc game jorney
ott games : such a beautiful and smooth game!
ledenec : no minimap shown. you can't plan your jumps or backflips. randomize everything...
loumauve : the very best. all my love.
rajesh sharma : nice adventurous and very interesting game....keeping me engrossed in it..i recommend it to all.
mirza gozali : nice graphics and concept, so addictive
denis houle : as good as granny smith!
erick schneider : i love this game, but it is lagging on my samsung galaxy s7 edge. what can i do?
sandipan roy : awesome game.. characters need upgrades.. like level ups
selvin hope : this game should be in the editor's choice awesome game
lim kar seng : update some good thinks ~
plazma : the game is incredibely beautifull,
abhishek prasad : awesome graphics and sounds. great concept
gideon wilcox : it's so addiciting
peter romano : works flawlessly on my asus zenfone 2 (ze551ml). graphics are the best i've seen for android 5. gameplay is very smooth and very fast!!!
ilyas safuan : everything well,great job
marcus wong : it's a good game but it is hard
anurag shukla : it is the best game of the world and i like it.
jay ghosh : thanks. good game working perfectly.
zitidar gps : really pretty game and quite compelling to play.
ehsan .r : my favorite one right now
nobita : i have all the characters and i already complete all the missions
raging rooster : love the game and good time passer
martin 45874587333 : cool graphichs asiwme keep the good work
abhijit leihaorambam : very nice graphic and beautiful lightning
zac mondy : the game is the best game i ever played
wayne brzezowski-garrett : this is a good app for you gise
quinten buchan : to many ads !!! but game is good ....when your not forced to watch ads
ashveed a : good music,good concept.really addictive
kishore padmanabhan : love this game!! really addicted... beautiful music!
jasir v : the art and music in this game is jst amzing...it take us to places...soo. soothing ..
leo kyuu : except for the settings options, still bugged
chris melville : it's amazing you must download
brian verges : one control. repetetive. pricy.
hashim mohammad : someone in the reviews meant mesmerising.
akhil shah : great game great graphics
sai surya : the content that i played and unlocked are not syncing to google! please fix this !!
daud mat : the gameplay, soundtrack and the graphic...so damn good!!
trill games : i love this game it's soothing and smooth
naveen kumar : i really loved it very much!!!its very simple and beautiful game ....
reginald mustard bacon : i just love it. heh, what can i say.. its just my kind of game.
sayed ibn masud : great graphics, gameplay and no add :)
sebastien k : different perspective gaming and it's done right
celestino uy : love the simplicity of the game
alex despesell : the best game for mobile
pritam pratim das : best time pass game ever
panagioths sarris : a great game for someone to relax
eusebiu zen : a joy to play
mani ratna gupta yekkala : a simple yet beautiful game
san b : background sound is crispy
efkxk .kfkfj : this game is so asum
ahmed nagy : the best running game ever
dileepkumar voodikala : small game with more excitement
bennett graff : pretty freaking awesome
thejoyride83 : the so best
carlos pena : good graphics
vlad staicu : very fun and well polished game
neal mc : a nice looking and fun game
om dave : loved to play additive
chandran andy : top graphic nicely done
naveed irshad : loved the game world and bgm
bendy t : really nice and beautiful game
s3per 13 : but not freestyle
33kami : really cool game keep it up
ethan couldridge : very simple but addictive game
simone ciocchetti : amazing music and great graphic
rohit patil : must try once
fatu castillo : really loves how the gameplay flows
naor malka : one of the best games definitely
vishnu rajendran : mind relaxing music and great gameplay
giorgio muttoni : best game for snowboarding
christian right : nice and relaxing music and game
juan : best indie of the past few years
ibrahim hassan : i love it when it rains in the game
mahin niham : that is very good game
jai bansal : great visual and so much fun
alex boynton : just love it art and texture
michael sandler : extremely entertaining
jeremy m : pretty great low key game
asem kakhi : nice addicting mini game
aravindhan chandramohan : nice graphics and good weather transitions
meister : beautiful game:) highly recommended!
mohammed imad : add more weather's and more cities
jacob barnett : email at this email....i have some cool ideas look to throw in...the
playful_ gemini : this game is amazing!!
feras almannaa : when the level of art is what makes a game great.
ross hunter : my favourite game, beautiful and relaxing
hamish carroll : such a relaxing game with stunning graphics !
lindsay dovey : why can't i pay for ad removal??? would be 5 star if i could get rid of ads. brilliant look, great game, ads suck all fun, force quitting, can't play
ankush mittal : every phone should hv dis game ....gud tym pass...specially offline
regie rekas : its awesome and mind bottling
matthew toomey : progress is not synched between android devices. on ios progress is synched, what's different on android?
rune sim : please please please add a backup/restore option d:
shaun sidebottom : latest update deleted my scores.had to start game again from scratch.
brooke aileen : an all-around quality game
ritesh kumar : everything seems to be perfect about this game...music of the game..graphics...gameplay..just loving each amd everything
ajinkya gupte : relaxes me every time i play... the environment while playing is so cool...
hatly paul : background music is so nice..., easy to play
frogman - al : the game is great....plzz make obstacles a little more prominent. ...
eran : visuals are amazing but the game is boring
mohamed ajmal : nyc adventurous game i have ever played
jihed jaouabi : please add: android:keepscreenon="true" | because my screen turns off for a while when i don't tap to jump during the game :)
jonathan lim : nice background and music ! well done !
marwan el qady : this game is pure epic. thank you.
starlyza medina : love this game , it is addictive
sayak majumder : after many many days, played such a simple but amazing game.....the beauty lies in the simplicity and mountain side bliss....pure joy..
aaron sayson : this game is beautiful!!!
chewe mwenda : what's not to love? everything about the game is good
melon man : best game this year (2016.)
anand rajagopal : i love this game!! excellent!! graphics are too good!!
sebastian canales : if you're stress...come play this game asap
kiru : great game, fun addictive game
suyog puro : breathtaking graphics, pleasant music, really awesome game, keep it up developers!!!
sarwar rifat : after uninstalling the game once by chance i again reinstalled it, bt all my progeress is gone!!!! it starts from beginning again what can i do now...
giles williams : can play this through 30min journeys
basil saji : really a nice one... the music is calming it gives good feel..
luke dube : i love the game but ads are ruining it
anand vijay gurung : playing it feels like reliving past memories...simple, supple...loved it
faizan akhtar : you sir deserve 5 stars. great graphics, environment, gameplay, music and ui. keep it up!
hanif mrazak : beautiful graphic with great soundtracks!
soham saha : just a few more tutorials needed!!
uttkarsh dutta : very beautiful game!! and relaxing
jenna christiansen : this game is so much fun. love it
justin allen : why do people cheat this game? the leaderboards are so hacked it's trash.
remo 40 : the background is stunning.. and the music.. oh love it.. simply awesome
anup sharma : good graphics, good music..everythings just awesome!!
akash raju m : fun to play, good graphics. give it a try!
cee jo : one of the best games ever! addictive :)
junior delgado : be aware, this fun game is so addictive :-)
nikola mandic : one of he most beautiful games i've ever seen? just amazing graphics and atmosphere
akash deep : graphics , music , story all r brilliant keep it up noodlecake studios !!!!
prashanthan jeyavarman : i love the whole concept !!
scott hansen : great!!! it's fun, easy to play but still challenging.
miguel fernandes : great game! finally on android too!
toni keil : google play games spielstand synchronization zw 2 geraten funktioniert nicht
t.m : nice background music, beautiful graphics, simple but fun...
mostafa mohamed : great work,love it.
venkat prashant : sensible graphics and a nice gameplay
phade 452 : simple but brilliant game
igor kostiuk : after level 30 and a couple of upgrades becomes too much of a grind.
kayla rhodes : great game download it.
corey eats detroit : lots of fun and cool artwork.
adnan hussain : the soundtrack & graphix is awesome
sadashiv hiremath : simple and engrossing, with amazing visuals
rishab nakarmi : excellent concept, graphics and music
jeff larcomb : such a simple interface ... tap or press, hold, release! yet it is still wonderfully challenging. almost relaxing, in a very zen/meditative way! awesome job, devs!!! so smooth and enjoyable!
kumar r : nice one & must try
gurbinder singh : good characters
tomas k : nice game, with simple controls
sai mamidisetti : rain sound is awsome.. i love it
amit edvi : amazing graphics, addictive setting
a google user : great and addicting gameplay.
abhishek gautam : its really a good game. nice concept, addictive and great graphics..........
jeyyel panganiban : graphics are amazing and the gameplay is unique.
alexus pastrana : love this game! nice graphics. easy gameplay!
arun rai : i love this game......but it will be better to add other stunts also
a google user : good game!!!!! but boring , do another options in the game
vincent phan : absolutely beautiful game, fun, and challenging. can't fault it.
shawn bowman : wish it would sync between devices
gwen : sure wish it can have story mode tho
david parker : been searching for a game like this finally i found it
murtaza bhavnagar : amazing game wid incredible music ...keep calm and play alto's adventure....really lov it.. do install ..play and hav fun
sean : really good atmo too
zoe garner : i cant put it down!!!
jesse tristan : if i buy the main in app purchase, don't show me ads in the game
akhilesh malladi : highly addictive game.
ankur raj talukdar : something new, keep it up
chuah yuan cherng : hard to see at night.
ermal stublla : its awesome!!!
varun g : an awesome game.
vishwarath kumar : best game to play when you're bored !!
tadeusz rieckmann : love it, calm, soothing and beautiful.
proof that i existed : this game is best of all and sound is awesome
ajay verma : cool graphics and the characters are nice
yusuf afzal khan : what a beautiful game!!! hats off to the developers.
vikrant sharma : soothing, and beautiful.
austin snell : great graphics, music, sounds, peaceful, relaxing, and very addicting. :)
a google user : lost all my progress.
arvin bernardo : nice game! awesome graphics. :), keep on updating :)
fluffy the man : this game is very addictive...
ijeoma n : really good nice graphics really addictive there not that many ads and just really good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
kaizer king : love the music and gameplay.cool game.
mtr cont : need more improvements...
cameron fortune : simplistic yet challenging.
felipe gonzalez : it's gorgeous. the art. the mechanics. optional ads. i love it all.
s. sharat kumar reddy : super smooth. superb.
suresh nair : wat a game !!!! great graphics !!! i love it .thanks
mohammad. asiful mowla : everyone should play it ....... worth your time !!!
anurag . b : cool game... cool music... enriching graphics
alex melillo : beautiful game. addictive gameplay.
avery merta : the title says it all
m fader : what's with the people that chase and attack you? i don't understand it
alicat 29 : hilarious, luv the llamas!
freewheelin mavic pro : great timewaster. enjoy.
red maiden : ive played it before on apple but its not working for my samsung phone no idea why ive tried uninstalling it then downloading it again but it stills says no matter what that its stopped working
fatima nazim khan : soundtracks are so relaxing... smooth.
d_ leo : i love the lightening effect
jayasheel vinay j : great graphics.
ksweez k : needs more characters! i'll give it a five for more
foats oats : crashes
jonas bragagnolo : awesome game! addictive and beautiful
pinkal vithlani : v nice game and awesome music...
gurroshan singh : amazing graphics, and great game structure !!! love it
black & blues : love the design!
graham oliver : stunning throughout!
chuck green : i love the soundtrack and scenery!
ajaykumar m : awesome and clear!
chinkumba makasa : it's good, it's really good. good graphics, simple, but challenging.
armando valle : it's ok, but it gets boring...
jon luke : this is what mobile gaming should be.
andy liew : it's just perfectly nice!!
julian pieper : art is amazing. music is amazing. gameplay is amazing. what more do you want?
callum mellor : it's like a lesson in what colours to use together
muhammad irfan mirza : hey what's the use of google play games when one can't save his progress on cloud?
harpreet singh kapula : really loving it...
ijya chugh : it really is!
joseph hart : love everything in this game
shiva sri bathala : superb game ever played....
josh linward : once you unlock the wing suit on this it's manic
patrick andrew tanhuanco : love the game. love the art!
demi : graphics, ambience. everything.
manan khurana : awesome! !must go for it..
abimelech aroshan : good graphics,,,, but only one men for playing
vamshi d : a vry nic music....and a vry nic game....i luved it.....
dilip kumar ravi : awesooommmeee graphics..... beautiful game... love the sounds..
kesav vels : awesome game !!! beautiful sunset and sunrise !
rachel dee pecio : love all the time of the day. perhaps slower the timezone?
a google user : ... atmosphere!
amra ibrahim : love the graphics!!! the music & everything!!!! awesome work done!!
kamron bates : really fun, play it all the time
chau kha : i just changed phones and i have to start all over?!?!?! where are all my purchases?!?! what's the point of the login?!?!
grodney : really fun and challenging.why don't you have a go?
alvi mahmud : amazing visuals...soundtrack awesome...sooo relaxing..i love it
kewal bagwe : game is very easy, loved the song of a game...
herodotos christodoulou : very smart game! thank you! :)
abhishek singh : who ever designed the game...really great work..sound and background scenery.. just awesome... big thumbs up.. one of the best game i have played in a while....!!!
sanchuka alugolla : loved the lollipop theme...
akhil bhaisin : add more characters please, only motive to continue paying for me
lingaraj sankaravelu : cool.. totally loved playing it.
shiv sharma : love the graphics and easy to play...
zobayer zim : awesome game play.
paul pope : great graphics
esean wright : simply the best music i played to on any game to date!!!
jenni peterson : i love this game. it's awesome!
vikrant sabharwal : charm, beautifully crafted :)
arianna dashti : i love doing the back flips in the snow
raunak urkude : but there's more in the workshop in ios then for android why so biased???
krishna jyothis : i am addicted to you
anshul jain : gud game and addiction is normal
bader alhazzaa : crashes after watching a video
abhishek sayal : gud game... but hangs the phone sometimes....
eric cotter : better than crack!
hemant meena : awesome and addictive game nice job....
franklin manuel : good game,no lag runs smooth ! how about adding multiplayer??
karthik kumar : fun, fast and an epic ski game..
terrorking gaming : best game and graphics are awesome....
artastica paintings : pure addiction!!! love it!
akashdeep dey : can't stop myself playing this game.....
jaya abraham : i have no words : |
eden dass : hey, that's pretty good!
matthew choi : so.much.fun. no explanation needed.
greg taylor : this is just ski safari with a new skin.
ethan daniels : just what's needed. beautiful.
regan maddren : this game is freakin wicked!!
gaming oracle : an amazing runner with beautiful graphics,what more do u need?
mahbubur rasheed sadan : excellent graphics!! amazing
krishna kumari : i love this game for fun.....
sumswag gaming : the most addictive game i've ever played!!!
shelly burdett : when i got this phone i played this game for 10 minutes!
josh moats : super great game, great graphics, great job, great everything!!! go noodlecake!!!
samarth : everything is just perfect!!!!
abhishek rajan : amazing graphics and soothing music!!
roce fern : download it now!
mikeson osinowo : all in the title 5/5!
yarxene : catch llamas they said... it will be fun they said
the smudge : can't stop
arsa juanggana : nice graphics...
ana downing : best game ever really good graphics. really fun
shinkili nangula : great game thumbs up!!!
kumar ramesh : awsm awsm rely its awsm....well done
nick delivanis : amazing ....left me with no words
a google user : great game!!!!!! stunning and soothing visuals and soundtrack!
bijay mondal : cool graphics ....and nice game
justin v. : simple, fun, smooth, addictive, challenging.
yash raj : best graphics....amazing game..!!
ratul deb : ...and best part is that it's actually free!!
j ebert : dopeness to the tenth degree
keeran poon : great game..graphics too good..
blaine lakusta : one question......what is a proximity back flip? great game been playing a lot
sreedeep : sooooooo addictive.....
zul fadzli : deym....this game make me addicted.....
satyajeet bankar : best android game.graphics are top notch.....
sandipan bar : relaxing...great graphics, beautiful music, and beautiful gameplay..
j. balti : the graphics are stunning...keep up the good work :)
karthic raaja sivakumar : great game!
ben haase : great game!
marcelo pm : great game!
im gay since birth : the game is good for me......
deepak baskaran : its cool to play..
mourya s teja : beautiful and amazing <3
johnny huff : one of my favorite games...
mohammad gouse mogal : awesome loved to play this game ....
laxmi prakash : just one word " incredible "
ryan king : its really good!
brennen halverson : loving the game!!!
lyon sen. : a thrill in' ride
karen cervantes : love it some much
rae cruz : great game!
daniel popovici : really great game!
a google user : great free app!
abhishek dakliya : great app!
john niles : why does the slow down when jumping / flipping?
madhavan jawahar : mind relaxing its very good game.....
sadia jamal : it's a great game.. loved it
dopedia tamil : wonder full i really excited...
aravind chinna : exxxxlent game......cool graphics..
uthay kumar : levels can be little hard...
gad speedo : peaceful background music !
lunate sigma : i love this game. it's so addicting. :)
nicky riat : the design is exquisite !
anupam jain : awesome game ........along with decency
herithkacak : love this game :')
rohit upadhyay : it's is good game
brandon pinkney : it's a great game
patrick emerick : simple, yet great
nappyheadedboy : this is the best.
deepinder singh : very nice game... good graphics ... addictive game
goutam das : played till the last... loved it.
abhishek ghosh : simple and refreshing :)
gabriel n. barta : a relaxing game.
ananthakrishnan m s : highly irritating game
mohdghm247 : classy, beautiful and amazing
boban tepsic : funny and addictive.
micah fitzgerald : amazing graphics.
tony cabrera : simple, fun and addicting
adweitiya gupta : its not working man i just stuck at its theme page whqt to do??
nagesh jondhale : just love this game.
gabriel olos : very love this game.
joshua kateba : very nice game.
gopi krishnan : coolest, addictive and flawless
adam daniel : this game is amazing.
glenn m. johnson : beautiful and strangely relaxing.
elizabeth correia : love the game design!
maycon silva : this game is amazing!
james seelin : very relaxing hehehehe
haroon rasheed khan : loved it so refreshing
anon ymous : nice and neat
ivan gimon : it's a pleasure to play this game...
jimmy adisastra : love the scene... music... feature n else
colin asher : graphics are amazing!!!
max _vantastic : horrible!!!
mohamed mostafa hissen : loved the game !!
saurabh chopra : a scenic beauty !!! graphics !! music !! love it !!!
aleksa kolakovic : best music ,best gameplay....
a google user : pure perfection.
puspak swar : this game is adventurous and climate in game
prithu deb : nice and clean..
petr hybler : really addictive :)
a google user : love this game!!
mark frankel : great game!!! super relaxing music!!!!
paul-arthur astier : of that's his adventures then i feel sorry for him
dan mcmanus : really fun... no ads... great game
juzer dana : fantastic gameplay...!!!
ian morecroft : my new favorite game
supratik banerjee : nice graphics..
saptarshi mondal : good fun game..........the graphics is really great
jidhin george : nice strategy..
harish nair : simply beautiful!
yohanes tarigan : i love this game :-)
ravi ghosh : lovely game... just loved it....
boss beast : i love this games
dishunmesh hazarika : simply download...
deepak prakash : awesome play this once :-)
das cj : it's beautiful. what else can i say?
luis olvera : beautiful graphics!
aditya karna : great game!!!
vaishal patel : nice graphic ...
floyd o'hara : outrageously addictive!!!!!!
andy ang : beautiful music and gameplay
musa memmedov : great game
varun khatri : absolutely beautiful!
praveen jeganathan : loved the seasonal changes and music
thomas newell : loved it!
dhananjay daga : addictive and amazing!
karl bryan asuncion : very addicted
anass laoufi : beautiful and relaxing!
ruany preciado : simple and very addicting
prakhar tiwari : this is a great game
vineel varma : awesome game for passing time
kannan d : awesome game and graphic is super
keith : amazing art and relaxing
pradeep kumar : nice game very intresting
fred fredericks : totally absolutely awesome
megan paull : it is so fun
kishan rajyaguru : the best ever
aminur rashid : superb graphics
teno 401k : loving it great hobby
littlefreakbg : i loved this app
nowfal oo : i love this game
maksymilian wasilewski : really fun to play
sampath ammula : great graphics
jacob n : really cool graphics
soumyadeep barman : nice game so addicting
jorge diaz : greatest game on android
mir khan : smooth graphics
luca thomas : beautiful graphics and controls
shiva krishna : cool game in summer
winston machado : best in class adventure game
nithin sunny : instant love on animation
sri vidya : i loved the graphics
chokolat starmi : no problem on active
dhruv kothari : awesome app
murthy varanasi : such a beautiful game awesome
zarah tyndale-murray : nice in a simple artistic way
raidin army1 : this game was truly amazing
yashwant jairam more : music is awesome loved the game
jimmy dicenzo : you already know
abdelmonem abdrabo : i love this game
jayr 2nac : so addicting
kris sd : really fun and beautiful game
sierra 1550 : it really fun
sri harsha vemuri : good time pass game
chinu bhadoriya : love this beautiful game
chijioke ofojimba : add locations
mok lob : please add more tricks!!!!
vladimir kresta : too many ads. removed.
omkar sathe : cool!
omar nashaat : it's simple game
gauravmalik : just sit anywhere and play
mohammed faiz shaikh : clean graphics
aditya kaushish : love the simplicity.
haseeb haqaani : graphics are incredible.
aakash dagha : fully timepass
shekhar patil : loved the game.
terry cheng : #foreverchasellamas
rahul singh : the best!!!!
m v : great game.
vaibhav birla : very nice game
thomas jenkins : good overall fix camera
satish shikare : very nice game
shoyeb sheik : nice graphics :)
wolv vast : calming arts:)
miles _on_road : graphics i love this game
vtzbbbudi : i died from a rock that wasn't even there
goldfishislovely : good graphics and nice theme
kalim letang : amazing graphics and game play
trupt patel : nice game ever plated
richard lim : after version 1.1 update , i can't open with my zenfone 5. now version 1.2 still can't open the game
allan joseph : cool game..
naluthfi adha : can i have its phone wallpaper?
gede askara : awsome!!!
dp muziq : really stunning animations,,,,,,,
ricky gutierrez : why can't i jump
archie gregory : i love it although how do you escape an elder?
emily b : it's great
cole gamet : it's been a long game and the grafix are just amazing so get the game as long as you have room!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :')
kshitij rana : addicted......
eliana moorhead : incredible.
sagar kumbalkar : hate this game
jaskaran singh : pretty boring
yash karapurkar : the minimalist ui
brian sheridan : brilliantly relaxing game
noval stewart : very organic and beautiful
piyoosh kumar : great game
michalis v : great atmosphere game
wee rab : great game thanks
seth furniss : snowboarding is cool
marvin hazell : love this game
steven james : great game
lenarx : super fun and addictive
siraj patel : mesmerising atmospherics
abhayjit thind : very soothing soundtrack
kshitij thorat : this game is lovely
bhupendra bhanu : very adventurous
putona flannel : audio in this game is outstanding
sundip chakraborty : best for time pass
aji henda : enjoy with this game
kam : a relaxing experience
ravi kumar chhaba : simply supereb
goku darkness : full of charm and beauty
gary g : great game
humza : really nice and clean
david c : and fun
imam auliya : beautiful graphics
sreekanth reddy : one of the best
doctor yoihenba : just beautiful and blissful
rohit bhirud : beautiful n challenging
eri gjuzi : one of the best games
nikolay antonovsky : good design and graphic
anoop kulkarni : great graphics and soundtrack
taifon : great game
anurag dubey : what an experience
rohan angane : addictive
dilkush jangid : best graphics
khant minn htin : i love this game
love gods : great to play and adictive
kaspar soltero : everything is great
a google user : fun and addictive
resmi shylaja : fantastic gameplay
-- : love every part of it
salah : great game
abhimanyu padmaraj : addictive
i i : such beautiful graphics
jari henderson : awsome game
james : every time you die you have to watch a 15 second ad before you can play again. forget that.
sumit kumar : addictive!!!!!!!!
matt olsen : i recently bought a new phone and when i signed in with my google account on the new device, all of my progress was gone and i was level one again...
steven harper : when i try and open it force closes. i will rate differently if this gets fixed. lg optimus g on jelly bean
aditya kumar : after syncing with google play games on second device, game is starting from level 1 despite showing account name on menu>google play.
a google user : boring and repetitive
prateek pagare : just remove that hover plsss
theoriginal hakman : needs more daylight though
steven cook : game of a lifetime!
bhawna gosain : great graphics
bala vignesh : i love this game
alex tutunarov : best game in a while
alvin saavedra : great graphics
meenakshi saroop : boss
vishnu lal : loved it:-) :-) :-)
ericgt121 lucario : the best
aman gupta : crafted for the best
albert avellino : amazing graphics
rahul duhan : simply awesome
serge arseneault : fun and addictive
madhura saha : mind blowing
a google user : simple and beautiful
janniel adlaon : great game
marta na america : it great
rizal manan : love this game
ps teja : nice soundtrack
anup kashiwar : great game
alan paone : beautiful and addictive
yannick glinec : beautiful and entertaining
sastra budiharja xu : simply entertaining
tanmay revankar : addictive gameplay
steven mcdonald : brilliantly made
nuique, linus jumeo s. : the graphics is beautiful
kathleen jessup : addictive and fun
narcoslept : great graphics
usama bashir : good adventurious
andrew blower : great game
surabhi jain : amazing graphics
jennylyn legaspi : great game
gulshan jangid : great graphics
robert pitter : everything is great
akshay gupta : awesome i love it
archie hagan : great game
amir bilal : love the music
a google user : snowboarding fun
bhaskar ajit : great graphics
eric heerema : great game
prakash sharma : great game
sravan kumar : one of the best
tom : simple and beautiful
vineet chobisa : love the lights
salman shaharyar : polished game
bini greenfield : great game
liudvikas launikonis : very creative
elijah morishita : great game
catalina r. : gorgeous and atmospheric
franklin cruz rodriguez : great game
yehoshua bendayan : great game
david hyland : smooth and addictive
cody mafnas : soothing for sure
dimaz mahendra budi : great game
juan flores : great game
theo lee : beautiful and addictive
wil b : highly addictive
jay p : soothing and fun
kalel maraj : great game
tanishq das : very addictive
carol ann busch : great game
coolantony : awesome graphics
aneesh chowdary : good graphics
trisha johnston : hate
pushpa nandini : good graphics
kelly fetter : it's ok
uzair asif : boring
michal stewart : boring
pao : editor's choice :)
sachin rkamath : smooth
tayyab waqar : loved it
pallav singh : addictive
avinash : cool
gaz vassiliou : addictive
derpy dipper : relaxing
bejjanki abhishek : addictive
animesh kala : interesting
may : relaxing
tanmay thakur : cool
charlotte baker : addictive
arnab das : smooth
subham sahu : pleasing
a google user : checked my data usage an it says this app has used over 1gb of my mobile data in the less than a month that it's been installed. wow! & why. what is it using any data for? ads?
roushan prakash : to play....
mike kinsey : i have a new device and the game made me start over. i have signed in through google and it shows my score but i cannot load my profile. please fix
mark t : could you include more tricks than just the backflip like move your finger while holding the screen to string tricks or something
justin salinas : everytime the noodle cake add comes on, the app force closes. i have a galaxy s6. please fix/remove.
vipin kumar : what a gam.....
taryn allen : addicting!
bryce thompson : snowboarding
eeman alipour : really adictive
neelu agarwal : grt graphics
mido elgoo : fantasy graphics
thomas mankottil : grt to play
harsi sandhu : it f9
nikhil parkhiya : stay high
damian : try it why not
nigga goku : food
luis oceguera : was at level 45, next time i play i begin at the tutorial... says my highscore is 135,000, yet it puts me at lvl 2... and it happened again today, was at lvl 29 i think
arjan chakma : graphics
little boy : last time i already at higher level , but recently i format my phone, then i sign in back my goole id , but it's new player , how can i get back my pervious gameplay ? please help me.
amaan siddiqui : worth it
a google user : art
ahmed hany : owesome
kyle gayle : i feel the game is very well presented. it's not in your face gorgeous but instead finds beauty within its simplicity. the gameplay itself is simple and easily addictive. the game doesn't give you a million things to do at once but goes at a steady pace. my only nitpick is as soon as night falls, visibility becomes more of a hassle but i feel this was a deliberate design to give the game more atmosphere. overall it is game is by far worth a try. well done to the dev.
john smitt : at first, i thought it had suckish graphics and hard and meaningless difficulty, but i love it... youll find it hard if your not used to flipping and motorcycle games, then it may be a rough start, but after playing for a while you get used to ghow it works, and its great! all people who enjoy good looking games and great concepts should play this, and i just love this.. i think that this is a good game, and one thing i wish couls be added is a slow motion warning when you see a rock, and i love this. ()
matt coe : i'm not a massive phone game person but every so often i'll download the odd one or two and have a little play, however usually they're full of ads or want you to pay this and that.... but alto adventure is just right and truth be told i really cannot put it down, just the odd cheeky run here and there or a good half hour at it. it's not rocket science to do the challenges, they're all achievable. the only down side is that my screen goes on standby if i don't touch the screen for x amount of time
ml : noodlecake has done it again! besides this being an amazing game that you can't put down, there is almost zero pay to win aspects, with no pop up ads or required video ads! no "lives", just snowboard through the stellar himalayas for as long as you want.
n junk : a beautiful endless runner and all, but goddamn does it eat up your battery. i would be playing the game while my phone is charging and it still eats up battery! how?! i can drop from 40% to 16% just from a couple of runs. jesus christ why
landon peterson : the art, the music, the design, the feel. literally everything about this game is great. the upgrade system is awesome, although i wish there were more characters. it's really a flow-state game. if you don't know what that is, it's when you are so focused that you do not stop producing great results. the concept is reflected by the gameplay because if you're focused enough, nothing can stop you. so you gradually increase this ability to increase focus and enjoy the relaxing flow-state the mind enters.
gonzalo casas : i've been waiting for this to be released on android ever since i've seen it on ios! the game is so beautiful, every little detail amazingly executed! one tiny thing: please prevent the device from sleeping, i have a short timeout and sometimes it gets in the way of the game because touching the screen to brighten it up make the character jump ;)
a google user : my save got erased after updating the game, twice. not going to give it a try anymore.
moe el : it's a nice game but it has a flaw - it's quite difficult to see hazards at night. the rider needs a torch
isa akbar : as a achiever type. the missions is quite challenging. always play several swings before sleep
amanda diller : love the simple, artful graphics and calm color scheme changes throughout the game as weather changes, day changes to night and landscape changes. so simple to play, yet never boring. well done!
dan kelly : when its bright out and youre playing the night scenes, its a bit of a struggle to see the game. but otherwise a great game
saul borunda : this game is so simple but intricately beautiful at the same time. one of the best mobile games i've ever played
stefekmek : an amazing game and the best thing it's a game you don't actually need to pay for coins. if i could i would give it 10 out of five.
noelaniis : when i try to, the loading box just goes away and doesn't load or log me in. other than that, i love this game. edit: all fixed, and i love it even more.
cerr gray : it's a great game, cool graphics. a bit laggy at times when playing the game.
mister org4ndonr : i hope in future updates, some tricks are added. other then that its a awesome game, simple yet fun and challenging.
jordan brophy : great game, but i updated it now and lost all my progress. lame
vivek kartha : starts out boring but becomes addictive. also sometimes alto doesn't jump due to some bug.
lux halcyon : i fell in love with this game and haven't stopped playing. i'm not sure what tupa's extra power is, despite people saying it's reviving when falling into a chasm because it doesn't work for me. can you guys tell me?
anton : this is the worst that could happen. great game, really i love the artstyle, gameplay and the story, but the new update deleted all my progress so i will stop playing and uninstall.
mr wim : great game, played it back in the day on my iphone but i'm checking it out in android bow :)
himanshu londhe : latest update screwed the game. it drops frames and force quits(or reboots) the phone randomly.
argon2020 : i love this game, from the beutiful artstyle to the general idea of it. this game is an excellent way to spend some extra time. 10/10
david moodley : this game is so awesome. so well polished! not pay-to-win you can decently play the game without any iap. there are optional ads for coins, but it isn't intrusive.
iylia mohd : one of the best all around game made for android. it would be a great add on if new characters bring.also new music. peace out people..
chetan patil : in game when night occur i m not able to see , don't make it so dark .
bob kevlar : hands down 5/5 you deserve it. these kind of games are exactly what the app store needs more of. good work, i love it.
sunny soni : this game is simply an experience into the fantasy world where we forget everything and just get lost in the moment :) 100/10 if i could rate...
steven v.g : progress, stats, coins, items and item levels need to be synced to other devices using same google account. game is not always responding to touches or keeps back flipping when no longer touched. happens only when playing.
alex vanover : simple mechanics but they stack.. you can only control when you jump, flip, or fly. but when you combine all of those into combos that get bigger and better as you ski ever faster, with absolutely gorgeous, dynamic scenery flying by, you get this amazing game. i try new games off the play store all the time. games like these are what i really love finding.
charan reddy : any developer can create a game .but u really created something else.it's really some kind of magic.very peaceful and calm
shoaib shekasan : it says screen resolution issue, i hv been seeing this for the past 3 updates now, pls fix it
mulki mul : but the game is laggier now after update 1.1.1. unplayable.
f g : black screen after game logo, i can hear background music but no visual. edit: thanks for fixing the issue, now its working flawlessly.
jesse : beautiful graphics and design, easy controls, and one request can you put it so we can choose the color of altos scarf and hat? that would be nice.
kuba raczkowski : great exciting game which took a few hours of my life. but lost my score with an update this night which makes me very sad...
romeo dominic bas : do i really have to watch videos just to earn more coins? why won't you let me buy them? i can afford. this is nonsense. please remove the feature and let me buy coins with real money and not stupid videos.
bianca salgau : relaxing and great graphics. total must install for easily bored people like me!
trenton frays : love the game. i need more challenge 's.
casuality summ'r : the graphic is really awesome, as well as music. i hope that the new update will add some new places and new characters.
hussain miyasaheb : instructions should be more clear and powers ups are not that exciting
brittany r : since the new update that was going to fix the screen resolution. i have went from level 26 back to level 1. please fix this as i spent hours and i really don't want to start over! will fix stars when this is corrected.
chris wollenberg : great job! this game is an amazing break away from the typical downhill genre. the graphic style is superb!
vinay kumar : excellent game,beautiful music,nice artwork.... gets better and better once you start playing this game.
daniel lopes : by far the best looking mobile game i've ever played. also, very fun to play.
rachna chaudhari : as the game got updated i started it up and this destroyed all my progress i had unlocked the ezille too and now i have to play again i am not going to play this game again untill my progress is back and will tell my frnds not to download this game and i am uninstalling it right kmow .
michael picard : simple controls, but the graphics are so beautiful and subtle details really set this one apart. but where are the blizzards? thunderstorms on a mountain? should be snow storms instead, or have both!
ravindra patil : the graphics the view everything just amazing. keep giving moreeee games like these
alex wan : awesome and the developers had responded to feedback which is very nice.
christo botha : excellent, fun and not pay to win or energy crap. i love it!
darth vader : amazing concept..graphics are ok but dosen't matter..here are ur 5 star..ty
kunal narang : best game i've played in a long time! it made me rethink about the potential of android gaming.
pgp : a journey through the snow!
a google user : after temple run, this is the best runner game i have ever played!
saamyo halder : after these recent updates that are supposed to "fix" the game, i have been experiencing horrible lag which ruins the fluidity of the game. i didn't have this problem earlier so maybe, just maybe, fix it to the way it was?
dimitar d.dimitrov : i really enjoy this game.the music the graphics and the mood in it.but it feels like it needs more.
caleb hedberg : loved this game! played it many hours, and have good memories of it.
peter dekant : this one is fun, addictive and has great challenges. oh, and the music is super relaxing..... one of the best soundtracks in a game so far.
mastrrbet : goes black screen after the opening title
rectum renegade : so simple, fun, and addictive. haven't uninstalled yet!
aditya gulia : brilliant game with such wonderful attention to detail. love it
a google user : loved the graphics and slow pace.
bob williams : best game i've played, noodlecake killed it.
luke wilkinson : simple yet beautiful looking game, the challenges are addictive & keep me coming back for more!
justin steiner : it's one of the best looking games out there.
austin ebuka : put buying and share features to compete with other alto's
sandeep dalvi : excellent graphics and very innovative. keep it up good work.
rodolfo lugo : i love the graphics, but like always make them better pls
andrew ong : simple, fun and addictive. graphics are simple yet beautiful!
sachin singh rajput : easy mission s no lag and just loving it
ton pablo : would give 5 stars but progress is not saved and syncd with other devices
david canela : the graphics of this game are pretty good. i love this game.
cory theobald : my kids got me hooked on this. very fun!
ahmad hazim hasnan : would have been great if it had more skills
stephen palmer : not much of a long term appeal
arthur jolivet : one of the most beautiful mobile game i ever play!!
markee parker : absolutely brilliant! love the graphics and the simple one touch controls just makes this a must have!!!
dev ahuja : very good game i like very much this game
viraj kunthe : absolutely love this game. keep the updates coming.
randomman : you should also add avalanche .. and make other version like in the urban using skateboard ..
aneek sanyal : just amazing...from the graphics to the music...everything in this game is so soothing and relaxing...really fun and simple yet difficult to master...one small problem though, sometimes the framerate drops a little bit...even on a phone with 3gb of ram and octa core processor...but overall, an amazing experience...and there is no pay to play bullshit here so that's a big plus point...keep it up devs...
fiker0818 : loving the game so far.
justin gentile : such a simple fun therapeutic and addicting game!
ayush patel : it's a game that is a time killer. ioved it
g : this game has nice graphics and it's fun :)
satyam tyagi : love the graphics of this game ,simple !!
manjunath v : good game playing impressive game after long time
a google user : good but background music needs to be improved
r.d.singh singh : i really loved it...maybe u should add some more features to it...like new skateboard... etc
sandeep s : please add some soundtracks...
jim molloy : my favorite game..period.
the dms : one of the best, great job, thanks
umang burman : 1 of the best endless games i've ever played...the credit goes to the creators...great job
hannancrt : i wish it has facebook connect button..hah.. so, we can start level competition...
bmax : great game. awesome art style and music
charles curtiss : challenging but not frustrating.
rxscal : one of the best games ever
amanpreet singh : very soothing
joel varghese john : i love this game it is very different from other games love itt. .......
george karageorgis : amazing game! spend hours of fun!
dopplepod xd : i have fun of editing its data, resetting its gold to max... hahaha.... its easy for me.. at making the level to 51 to get tupa. . hahaha.... its good for only rooted device... just pm me if you want the tip
ameyrul ikman : very cool games
ghassen ben ghazi : i suggest it to everyone ...
andrew hernandez : an experience for the many.
rob johnson : wonderful game, beautiful colours
ahmad thaqif azman : i hope in new update it can add more stunts...
mahad ahmed : is there a way to revisit the characters bio? i missed one when i unlocked him
steven dutton : great idea, beautifully done. just awesome.
anup pemmaraju : great graphics.....
info bala : its wonderful game .. i love it ...
a google user : a soothing & relaxing game . coo
justin frebourg : it's relaxing :)
carlos reyes : i love this game i appreciate for creating this game
amogh reddy : so pleasant game......
a k : it's fun, and relaxing.
rahul reddy : but a type boring music...........same background. ....cnt update? ??
muhd hafiz hamzah : pleasant to play.
hitarth gothwal : i'm fan of it
dadul wangdi : try this. now.
deepak singh : awsum graphics...nice game..welldone
ayush patel : improved a lot.
fred roxx : everything great!!
justino matos : very very addictive
matthew ronnebaum : relaxing and addictive
rahul bhat : my daughter loves it
sachin pal : love the music
_ monkeydluffy : loved the theme of it..
the beast : need more characters
aleef 2 start : super ineed more
arpit verma : great game
andy holmes : slick and adictive
david mcroberts : love the game. have it on ios and jumped at the chance to play it on my nexus 6p. coins are slower to collect on the android version, i assume corrected when you make the purchase. however, my biggest issue is that when going to play on my nexus 9 it doesn't have the progress from the 6p although logged in play games on both. fix that please and 5 stars from me.
ryan russell : the game is an endless snowboarding adventure. soothingly beautiful yet very fast and sometimes adrenaline filled. my problem with the game is the location of the coins (the in game currency). you have to choose between landing grinds and making big jumps, or staying on the ground to collect coins, making it a choice between fun and collecting currency. to the game designers: please alter the placement of the coins so as to have them on the grind rails ( not under) and in the air (not in the ground).
sugar daddy jones : this is probably one of the best mobile games out there. the only thing is, i did two missions, but when came back online, it said i hadn't done the missions. please fix. otherwise it's perfect. you could add something more for paz though, he's not very good at tricks and the long boost shield isn't really a big bonus. please keep doing what you are.
luke shaffer : so i just downloaded it to try it out, i liked the art they used. at first it didnt really seem to have a point, but i somehow managed to unlock the first character and realized that was your goal. fun game i play it while my teachers lecture or while im pooping. its simple and easy to pick up and put down which is nice. good game.
mike glasbey : this is a genuinely pretty game. the visuals are fantastic and the ambience of the game is very clever but it's not actually that much fun to play. ski safari is sooo much more fun. that being said i've only been playing for half hour so i'll stick with it and might change my review if it gets any more exciting.
a google user : pretty good game. an hours and 15 minutes play on my marshmallow phone cost me 6% battery if stats are to be believed. that's not too bad. don't like how the settings screen works though. but that's no reflection on the game. would certainly recommend it.
mustache merlin : i had a big long list of reasons that this game is amazing, diving into basic game design choices and stuff. unfortunately, it didn't fit in the review box. however, i highly recommend this game to anyone with a pulse. the craftsmanship is wonderful, and the depth to complexity ratio is insane. this is a beautiful game with a great soundscape and great mechanics. also, it goes surprisingly well with breaking benjamin's dark before dawn album.
zandon : i have been looking for a game as beautiful and fun as this one, it's honestly perfect although character customization (something basic like colors) would be very cool. (this is just a personal want of mine that is asking alot) but some sort of storyline that puts you in different areas with cool soundtracks in like an update way later on.
ragu raja : i like that.but in night mode we cannot see clearly all the struggles..all parameters are very small. basically all users will play above eve to sleeping hours including me... so i want that small improvements except this better.. worth to dl.. waiting for your reply
k. b. : i'm kind of mad because whenever i go on this game it doesn't load, and whenever i updated the game it work perfectly but the second time i went on it, it didn't work and it still doesn't. can you please fix this problem and then i will give you guys six stars, this is like my favorite game even though i just played it once so please fix this, you would make my day very happy thanks!
tyler b : this game is oddly addictive. the art style is absolutely beautiful and the story is hilarious. one suggestion however would be the ability within the settings to replace the game music with music you have saved on your phone, maybe even a playlist. i suggest this because when i personally play for more than a few minutes the music gets somewhat repetitive.
r3v soul : each time you guys make an update to fix crashing i hope that it will fix myne, but sadly it didn't. once again with the new update my game crashes first 5 secconds its opened. but will give u another star for actually attempting and trying to fix the problem for everybody.
a google user : listing the bugs so you're aware. music can sound crackled when playing, pause screen is sometimes stuck zoomed in, after pausing the game you don't always get your controls back and have to close completely out of the game, after watching an ad or paying the 1500 coins to restart sometimes you have no controls, i've even been dropped back into the pit that i just fell into it. thanks though!
david degraw : beautiful game. it's so satisfying to jump off slope after slope, backfilling and grinding all the way. difficulty level is just right, not too hard, but still challenging. the in app purchases are super minimal, you actually have to go out of your way to find it. there's only one purchasable upgrade, and you definitely don't need it to play the game. overall, i love this game and the execution is perfect!
arukshan : love the one-touch gameplay. would be nice if you could buy more powerups such as higher spawn rate of powerups or a speed powerup. or you could do different types of boards to play with, such as lighter boards for quicker back flips, or a streamlined board for easy build up of speed. along with this you could display their speed and agility in a simple bar, so that we can compare speed and agility with different characters.
ryan hagerty : awesome simplistic art, with cool effects like a day/night cycle and weather system. ultimately, really fun,addicting game play up until paz is where i stopped playing, as it started to feel repetitive. if there is ever to be an altos adventure 2 i'd check it out. i feel like it needs more actual objectives, like customization of clothing or boards.
eduard treminio : ight, so the game is pretty good so far, i just wish you had like different maps to unlock at higher levels to make the game more interesting, but besides that the game is great very addicting and is tons of fun to play on my note 5, just hope you add new things in future updates! so i can give the game a rating of 5 stars!
jordan miner : with simple mechanics, a simple story, and a wonderful and pleasing art style you will want to witness this game to see just how far you can go and what terrain you see. with challenges you complete to unlock new characters this little app shall be a companion for those with much time to kill and an eye for artistic design.
javier koo : was very skeptical about this game initially, wasn't expecting much from such a mobile game but that changes when i started to play. graphics was pretty good, music was very soothing to the ear as i put on my headphones and it's a different concept from other games. i have been hooked on playing this straight for 30mins and i never got bored. this game is good for user who has to commute on a long journey like me and this got me way addicted. good job developer. keep this up. loving every single play time.
ram gironella : aside from its great choice of art style, the constantly changing background can change the game's atmosphere as well as having new maps every new gameplay leaving the players not experiencing the same thing all over again. the leveling system is also a plus since it is objective rather than relying on numeric scoring system to level up. this is a great and relaxing game for all the ages and even for llamas.
steve mckinnon : great replayability. game run smooth, looks great and is fun to play. perfect level of difficulty, hard enough to challenge most people but not too hard that you can't progress. game is great free but if you want to support the developers you can pay $5 to get a coin multiplier.
william : i don't rate and i typically install and delete games shortly after playing them. this game is by far my favorite game on my phone, i am glad i stumbled across it looking for something to play. good sound, good graphics, fun play. awesome job to the creators, hope to see many great things come to this game.
max moody : a beautiful blend of minimal, 2d and 3d visuals, flowing weather and day and night cycles and a relaxing soundtrack combine to make a truly wonderful experience. and great that it's free and without any pop up ads! my only complaint would be the battery drain...
vincent varney : the game is very fun and the microtransactions don't ruin the game balance, thankfully. however, i would love it if i could buy the game outright - i can't bear to watch another 30 second ad. also, sometimes after watching an ad the jump controls don't work properly and you have to restart the app.
travis maynard : i was hopeful that this title was an original twist on the ski safari titles. but, unfortunately aside from the art style it appears to be more of an exact clone that doesn't introduce many new elements at all. i will keep an eye on this title for future updates, but as it stands ski safari is a much better game.
andrew royal : had not used the watch a video to continue option, yet this game ate up 174mb of data in 2 days, about an hour and a half of play time. now i only play it on wifi or in airplane mode. also, no cloud save so i had to start from scratch on my nexus 7. very disappointed. otherwise, a fun game.
mellow yellow : great game i think it's fantastic but there are a few issues. the points dont seem to be balanced, like if you do a backflip its the same as collecting one coin. powerups should appear more often because i barely see them. there could be more upgrades for each character to maybe make them flip slightly faster or increase acceleration. sometimes i have to tap something more than once for it to work, like if it says tap to continue. these are only small issues though and the gameplay itself is amazing.
cameron simms : the game is absolutely beautiful. the gameplay and controls are super smooth and the obstacles and speed system is absolutely perfect. unfortunately this game's success is also it's downfall, the day night system is a little weird at times, and i have a lot of trouble seeing during night. i'm on a phone, not sitting in the dark on a computer. there should be an option for infinite day. if that is implemented, the game is perfect!
brad endsley : it's a fun game, but if you're in any sort of lighted area and the game moves into night, it is almost impossible to play because you can't see the rocks or jumps. playing is fun, just hard to unless you're in a near dark room.
abram edger : i love the music, the atmosphere and the gameplay. only... there are some improvements that could be made - the first one that bugs me the most is that there is no way to get off the grinding surfaces without getting to the end or falling into it while halfway through a flip. swiping down while on a grind is a very easy way to fix this. the second improvement that could be made is being able to charge your jumps. this is an easy feature and will add much more smoothness into the game. thanks (:
edmar100 : an amazing fantastic game but screen goes to sleep while playing which when going down deep slopes it makes me have to jump and at times make me go slower and miss coins, please fix so the screen won't go to sleep while in gameplay, thank you.
chris jantzen : could definitely use a few improvements. those cliffs that end way higher than they start could definitely do with fixing because they're impossible to do without a huge speed boost going into them. paz is also really hard to get away from elders with because flips aren't easy to do on fairly flat land and the elder catches up way too quickly.
sylvester stephen : i really like this game, the background music is very soothing. i just found one problem that it lags a little. its not a problem but i wish it ran smoother. i use an asus zenfone 2 ze551ml i don't think that it's my phone giving trouble or is it the game.... i genuinely love this game. the graphics are really nice and one of the best side scrolling games i've played, very nice interface too iphone like....
bailey kozitka : the game is really awesome i like the concept its witty and unique but i've only had it for a day now and now it won't let me jump. when i tap on the screen he does nothing but i can touch the pause button and function just fine in the app otherwise
evin jacobs : the graphics of this game are visiually stunning, and it runs smoothly with no hiccups. the controls and mechanics are simple and easy to learn, and there are no pop up ads! very fun, beautiful, and addicting game. i had never taken the time out of my day to rate a mobile game until i played this game. 5 stars all the way.
thomas burns : alto's adventure is what mobile games should be. they don't spam you with ads or micro-transactions and it isn't a "pay to win". a simple snowboarding game with beautiful scenery and music. you can unlock different characters that all play differently. it's easy to learn and fun to master. my one complaint is the limited content. besides the characters, it would be cool to have different backdrops or music. still, i've been playing this for a week and i'm still addicted.
booboo grisham : the developers of this game did an exceedingly good job. beautiful graphics, satisfying gameplay, it stays fun, and it doesn't abuse the whole freemium pay-to-enjoy thing... it's just a good, honest, and fun game. the character design is fantastic. in fact i almost think it could use a story mode.
tanner sundwall : the visuals, ui, audio, they're all great. the odd thing though is how the actual content of the game is handled. as it stands, the best way to earn coins is by watching ads back-to-back. most other games remedy this by only offering an advertisement once ever couple runs or something similar. also, the cost to revive is insanely high, considering 1,500 coins is equal to three ads or a dozen or so runs. then you have the leveling system, which doesn't even tell you why you want to level up.
saksham sharma : nice game, one issue i faced is that when player is moving with very very high speed, occasionally they'll pass through the coins (especially multicoins) and power ups. also the hover power up is sort of weak as it makes us miss all llamas and coins :c
raphael angoluan : music and graphics are amazing. the game over screen could use slight work with a button to show challenged rather than appear ever so often. stats are cool, wish it was more rewarding than just looking at numbers
ashleigh jones : this game is a piece of art. the snow really flies from under the board, and the music fits perfectly. i think the time changes like in real life. it was light time and rainy, and it was that way in the game! i just began but the mechanics are easy to learn but hard to master. i love this. it's my new favorite game.
mike thomas : another reviewer said it best. simplicity, yet detailed. graphics are great. not always bright sunshine ala subway surfers. darkness, dusk and snow thrown in for a change of scenery. a few changes as others suggest would 5 star this game. more tricks and adjust coin placement. otherwise spot on!
maceo raynolds : first off who came up with the idea of chasing llamas down a mountain on a snowboard and dodging and jumping over obstacles... brilliant! at the moment this is my favourite game to just pick up and play. the visuals are stunning, and the music tracks are also very tranquil. it's easy to play which is nice, but also a draw back due to the fact that sometimes i wish i could be more maneuverable. it's well worth it for being free, the minimal art wins me over automatically. it's definitely worth trying out.
dadanish pastry : this is an amazing game(i really love the art style), but after the last update the game has been really laggy on my galaxy tab3, i actually would rather wait an extra minute or so to play a lag less game, than wait a few seconds for laggy one(plzzzzzzz fix this)
benedikt viebahn : nice game with gorgeous graphics. just a few things that bother me. the graphics are awesome, but obstacles are sometimes hard to see. sometimes frames drop very low, especially when going fast. a nexus 5 shouldn't have problems with a sidescroller. but good game overrall
antonio martinez : game is great. really keeps you entertained. 1 star removed because tutorial doesn't explain all the elements like fire, the guy chasing you, and powerups. also whenever i die and watch a video to revive alto it doesn't revive him. it just ends the run.
eddie : this game has some good aspects to it. the gameplay is a bit dull after a while, but it is challenging and fun overall. the art and music is great. my only negatives are that occasionally, once you reach a high speed, you can clip through ramps. another issue i have is that (and this is a pet peeve) the game does not pause if there is a battery life notification pop-up. there are some other things i'd recommend fixing, but as it's a new game, i'm sure the devs are working on any problems that exist.
clancy cunningham : i'm loving alto but would love the ability to remove the ads, even if it's paying a fee. i get into a groove with the great music and gameplay but when i watch the ads they're horribly abrasive and even inappropriately violent occasionally! i am appalled at the thought of a child playing this and getting exposed to ads that show people getting bloodily shot in the head! please provide the option to remove ads in a future update!
brandon : let's be honest, the graphics aren't great. the day-night cycle is supposed to add beauty and serenity, but night is horribly dark (really hard to see rocks) and my game is night 70%of the time. there are plenty of glitches and shortcomings. example: landing on ramp = dead. sometimes the game throws a large chasm 20sec in, which is unmakeable for your character, despite already landin 4 flips. game definitely needs some work, it has some nice ideas tho. upgrades and powerups feel pointless 90% of the time.
william skinner : best take on an endless runner that i've played in a while. the animation is wonderful, the game play easy to pick up but difficult to master and the music is soothing. it's nice to play a mobile game that isn't just an annoying match 3 cash grab for once. i went ahead and paid the $3.99 for the "coin doubler" not because i needed it, but because i've easily gotten $3.99 worth of entertainment out of this wonderful little game. keep up the good work people :-)
evan danielson : alto's adventure really is a thrilling adventure worth playing over and over again! it seems pretty simple at first with very uncomplex controls, but don't let that steer you clear of this beautiful gem. challenges get more and more difficult the higher you go up in level. and the day/night cycle, the changing environment, the weather, etc all add to the great atmosphere of this game. play it! (bug: if you play for more than a small period of time and a rock ends your game, jumping is disabled on next game)
justin : too bad your progress doesnt sync across devices. i use this game on my tablet and my phone but the progress is differemt between the two. minus one star for that. besides this its a great game to play whilst pooping. or waiting for the bus. or both, simultaneously. dont judge me.
andreas michaelides : at last a free game that isn't "freemium", even though the game does have in-app purchases it never makes you feel that you need to buy these extra staff to enjoy the game nore dose it force you to use consumables that you need to replenish! and don't get me started on how smooth, fluent and beautiful it is!
nehemiah boscia : this game has a unique, beautiful, but yet simplistic art style. this game's sounds also are very pristine and spot on. as i was listening to the rain sound effect i checked outside to see of it was raining.
mashrur khondokar : this game is great. but recently when i pause the game, the menu that is normally accessible from the home screen appears, that doesn't sound all that bad but the menu interface is zoomed in a lot and the buttons are just everywhere. please fix, on samsung galaxy a3
mac christensen : i am loving this game! just a couple of small issues. the "end run" button often doesn't work until i tap it a couple of times, and sometimes when i try to watch an ad it just goes to a black screen, and i have to close the game. thanks guys!
mike m : very smooth, relaxing, simple game. it has one of the best endless runner graphics i've seen!and (just me) i find the plot amusing, as you race down a mountain looking for your llama. but i have one problem; the guy that chases you is unavoidable, and will catch up and end you no matter what. other than that, great game!!
megabomb808 : i play this game and its design is amazing it doesn't matter if it looks really nice there are many ways people can look at this but personally for me i think this game is amazing and has a beautiful design. btw if you're like me play roses while playing its amazing. :)
kizerroll : really great game! calming atmosphere yet engaging game play and fun. the only thing it needs is a little more variety with tricks and power ups. also i really don't care for the random guy riding a llama that just comes and knocks you off your board when you make decent progress. it breaks the flow of the run and just becomes frustrating as there doesn't seem to be a reason for his existence other than to ruin your run and so far doesn't seem to be a way to avoid him. other than that it's great!
a google user : just switched my devices and all i got from google play is my high score and achievements. didn't get any progress. had to start all the way from the beginning. that's too bad. hope you'll come up with a fix or something. previous 5 star review: beautiful! it's similar to ski safari. but a very well made game overall. the visuals are just amazing. music and sound effects are brilliant too. go for it. it's so pleasing and also fun to play
keslong : this game is so simple, beautiful, and most importantly fun. but it would be nice and you could possibly do other tricks on the board. also maybe another thing to use the coins on like different boards or clothes for alto. other than that this game is perfect.
ace byrone halili : normally, i get easily bored and immediately uninstalls every "reach as high as you can" games. this game is an exception. beautiful graphics, simple gameplay and a lot of things that inspire you to keep working. great game
april gilmore : i'm really enjoying this game. it's a great time passer, and helps with my anxiety as well. i love how the graphics are more focused on the environment as opposed to the snowboarders themselves. the ever changing scenery and weather is genius. the music is soothing. this game is truly a work of art. great job!
beau walker : it's just a nice simple game. the only problem i have with it at the moment is that it really heats up my phone
aditya devaguptapu : this game has a similar gameplay mechanic when you compare it with ski safari. but that's about it. but the implementation is simply wonderful - the beautiful backgrounds which dynamically change through night and day as you play, change in scenery from a open landscape to a forest, houses on the slopes and a lot of incredible detail in the tiny things - like flags falling off and floating lanterns in the sky. i could go on about how this is the most beautiful game i've seen on a handheld...
domas seibokas : the graphic are amazing and its haven't get bored after few weeks but at lvl 35 i have back flip onto a rock bounce quest witch i made 4 times and i still got it, then there is second one proximity wingsuit fly for 50m in a row done that as well but quest still on the list
lynsey b : noodlecake have pulled another beautiful game out of their hat. the music and visuals are just beautiful, the game has just the right learning curve, and snowboarding through the scenery is incredibly relaxing. there's no nagging about iaps which is refreshing, but i would happily pay actual money to never have to see that wordup ad again! i'll pay for an ad-free unlock. edit: noticed a bug, after a while the game seems to stop registering input (level 33)
kingballoon : alto is an awesome game with simple but beautiful artstyle, and i enjoy it a lot. however, i do think a few changes should be made to the game in order to make it better. first, i think you should put more coins on grind spots. i sometimes find myself forced to choose, keep my trick combo going, or get those coins on the ground. secondly, tweak paz's description a bit. it implies that if paz goes fast enough, he can break through rocks. i spent a few minutes trying to ram rocks and, it didn't work out ^.^u
ian melvin : while there have been many other games that have thrived off of a similar concept to alto's adventure, what sets this game apart is the fantastic art, attention to detail, and super smooth and solid gameplay. fantastic game for a fantastic price. free.
horror 143 : the ads to revive alto start late, so the timer runs out you can't revive him but you still have to see the ad, not acceptable lose one star
josh duncan : absolutely stunning, mesmerizing. the developers have done an incredible job. highly urge the developers to not stop updating, adding features or improving this game.
sy mon : it's a lovely game but...1) the big jump mechanics are awful. should be a swipe up for them. 9 times out of 10 they're impossible with a normal jump. 2) it makes the phone super hot! never experienced heat that bad before. 3) elders are way too fast. 4) finally, the 3 goals should renew during a run once complete. otherwise there's no motivation to continue. may as well just crash.
d4l-p7t : the audio stutters and laga on the 6p. makes it hard to play because it sounds like it could be good music.
aslan wilder : i enjoy this game a lot, but sometimes tapping my screen to jump doesn't work at all and it's driving me crazy. x- ( worst thing is that it happens exactly when i feel determined to beat a challenge. it's so frustrating. i play it on a galaxy s6. congrats for the wonderful game you made, though.
cristian-valentin cojocaru : the flip rotation should be faster. and also would be nice to see front flips as well. everything else should remain the same. a great game, with great graphics wich gives you a good feel when you play it.
phil coffin : i have been looking for a game like this for a while. simple in concept yet challenging. i like that the down hill course changes every time.
anthony flores : when i start it up it shows the title then crashes about 5 seconds later. please fix this, this game looks very interesting.
daedrian domingo : i can really tell this game has taken a lot of effort and work to make. from the graphics and performance, it is just magnificient and really eye - catching. the graphics are breathtaking and taken from a whole new level. from that, i mean this runner game is just completely different from the others like the popular temple run, subway surfers, and minion rush. the game itself has a great storyline and once you acquire the wingsuit, it just feels more amazing than ever before. to be honest, i like this game and for the first time have i ever played a snowboarding runner game. i'm glad that the updates always fix the bugs as soon as possible which keeps the ratings as excellent as it could be. out of all, i would really rate this game 10/5 based on the graphics, potential, performance, detail, content, and effort it has really put into. the people who created this game, you guys are just great and you deserve an award. :)
jake taylor : graphics are awesome. game play is pretty fun, gets a little old after a while but you need more upgrades and features.
gaurav shukla : one of d finest game. need to add more tricks....back flip is interesting but at d other end boring also as single trick present in game
michael lawrence : fun to play and easy to pick up. would like to purchase the game to get rid of the ads (like on iphone). the volume of the ads is 1.5x louder than the game itself. makes for a rude awakening and 1 star less in my review.
ray m : the night mode of this game, though beautiful, makes it very difficult to differentiate rocks from trees from boosts from llamas. it is very frustrating when you lose a life simply because you could not see something.
tyler andrews : i have not played the game yet but the preview video was absolutely phenomenal. just for that single reason, this game deserves 5 stars.
ian elizardi : except for the menu clicks. they're horribly annoying. i wish there was a volume knob for these clicks.
shirin bubbles : can't get through the tutorial- is not responding. looks like a cool game so i hope it's fixed
john trout : very simplistic but it is still a very beautiful game. it's not hard but it's not easy either which i think gives it that perfect balance.
zackchibi tail : omg i love this game so much it really help me give out my anger when i'm stressed; )
lucas beach : i absaloutely love everything about this game! however only one slight thing i would change would be the coin placement so that when you go on the rails you can collect them there as well as on the ground. one other thing that is not needed as much but would be a good idea is to have powerups that you can buy and use, for example a speed boost for when you are being chased by an elder.
shawn : this game is really fun and i love the design, colors, and music of the game. those three things make the game pretty calming and aesthetically enjoyable. the games challenges progress and get harder but not to the point where you find yourself getting mad that you can't pass them. great game!
nathan hoffner : i think that u should be able to do front flips and back filps. when you change it i'll rate it 5 stars.
keyron cozier : the only thing this game needs is a variety of enemies, the elders tend to get boring
goddard a-mortty : it's not even the game i fell in love with. i love the ui, very well designed. no ads bugged me, the game was no let down either. this is how you create an app. well done!
skud missal : room for improvement! fun game, at first, but goals start becoming ridiculous and battery consumption seems pretty high. 50% in 20 min is ridiculous, and that is offline. and idk what ppl are talking about with the music. nothing special, imo; and i listen to everything including classical
gaetan lecherbourg : because it didn't work on my asus zenfone 2. but now after a few days the developper released an update especially for this phone, now the game's doing fine! that's a nice kind of support, 5 star quality! the game's also nice and funny too, with nice graphics and an original story.
jose rodriguez : great game! but i would love to play it with my bluetooth headphones, unfortunately there is really bad stuttering. five stars if that is fixed
yassine khalifa : physics in-game make no sens. big jumps slow you down for some reason. landings are not realistic. gets boring
jakub zurawski : one touch play, like the backflipping thing veeeery much plus the graphic is just great! oh, and the combos. always trying to do better one
ayoub chicha : it's really cooooooooool game but i suggest you do some more moves because i'm getting bored from that "backflip"
luke johnson : i like it, but not my style of game. very pretty and smooth, good gameplay and nice audio. just dont like it
prajwal pandeshwar : total copy of ski safari, but at least if u have copied u could have made it a better game but it isn't.
purple gary : lenovo yoga tablet 2 pro, running android lollipop. it's a good game, just not really into it right now.
putra dev : good game, finally works on my zenfone 2.. unfortunately you can only jump without freestyle. and sometimes the game are still lagging.
chirayu giri : fantastic ,unobtrusive and the only time that ads are shown is when you yourself choose to watch them for coins.
aidan boldeman : i loved this game and got very far level wise. unfortunately since the latest update i lost all of my saved data. i don't mind starting again it's just a bit annoying.
bert t : i never rate games however this has blown my mind. this is what a game should be. the music is perfect, the visuals are perfect, the gameplay is perfect. i cannot name a better game
7shivam1 _ : beautiful ui and game design. lots of tricks to learn and endless gameplay. alto's adventure is an amazing time killer.
saurabh sashi kumar : hangs sometimes. jump function also doesn't work at all. expected more from this wonderful game. disappointed.
izayah duncan : did u know i was the first person to have this game as soon as i saw it on the home screen i down loaded it but try it. its fun
terence p : this game is absolutely stunning. originally i thought it would be more like the lower quality games, but after spending quite a lot of time playing it, this game exceeded my expectations. i would recommend this game to anyone.
pierce s : everyone should download it. great developer was quick to update for intel users. game is fantastic just as it was on ios. love this game. download it now and you won't be sorry.
luckshay : good game , good graphics and nice background sound. but there some problem it takes about 30 - 40 second to load and game sometimes hang and skip some frame please fix this issue.
john lu : seems okay after update for zenfone... previous comments -hangs at title screen on asus zenfone 6... altos adventure, stars, then blank... works only while phone is charging, weird error of some sort in the programming it seems
daniel rowell : great game fun to play. could add cool power ups and would rate 5 stars but won't update for galaxy s5 active
mr. baker : would be 5 stars if it wasn't such a battery killer. the objectives make this a lot better than an average endless runner.
rainbow trout : a masterpiece of human ingenuity. i can not wait to see what the future of this game will uphold.
abhishek patel : once you falldown in the night mode it is going slow on further try...i have the updated version
henry tf : all fixed! devs fixed the bug within two updates. it's a beautiful game that's deceptively simple. the game worked great before the previous update. now it shows the logo, then just a black screen. this is on an asus zenfone 2
prayudi a. : and this game proves that fancy graphics doesn't always mean business.
gourav bhattacharaya : the aesthetic graphics are truly awesome, there lies a serenity in the gameplay, even the game hud are aesthetically designed .
a google user : the game played before the most recent update. after the last update the audio is really messed up and laggy.
t c : i can't even play it and as it is now, the game is telling me it's full of glitches and bugs.
manish amgain : i reconfigured the pause button from left to right because it hurts my right thumb... you might have guessed how additive this game is... the only advice ia please make the obstacles more visible at night.
luke young : this small game is clearly a winner... the graphics are stunning, the music is beautiful and the atmospheric sounds are more than satisfyingly exquisite.
richard johnston : a re-imagined yet side scroller feel of the windows 95 game ski free with todays visuals. very fun to play.
peter shipley : not bad until update. wiped all my coins out. deleted game
patrick drummond : adding a few tricks and songs would be a nice update of the same thing over and over and over. it looks amazing though, great job on creating a nice atmosphere.
tez padhee : loved the relaxing music, the stunning visuals and the idea to keep it non pay to win game.
a google user : for the short period i did play the game it was fun and beautiful. unfortunately something has caused the game to constantly screen rotate, which obviously makes it unplayable (or at least a lot more challenging!). if it weren't for this, i'd give it 5 stars.
nathaniel graham : extremely fun game, one of the best mobile games i've played. the game is very beautiful with great sound effects. my only gripe is the coin system seems to be a little half baked.
stephen yee : but there's a problem that i cant jump sometimes. but problem doesn't surface too often but annoying.
sean o'driscoll : i cant get more than 150m without the controls stop working. either i can't tap anymore, or the game acts like i'm keeping my finger in screen at all times.
y : fun to play and good to occupy myself while travelling to work. the only downside is i feel that it uses more data, i wish the developer can reduce the amount of data usage. thanks!
logan hunt : as someone who has never heard of snowboarding, this has really opened my eyes to the world of winter sports. i just hope this is an exact representation of snowboarding.
stephanie ijoma : the chasms are like a thousand feet wide and for awhile there i couldn't jump but besides that it's fun.
alex scaffo : thus game is gorgeous, simplistic yes. maybe even can get boring overtime. but it's free and beautiful. the lighting dynamic at night is aesthetically pleasing and the music compliments it so well
zach murtagh : i really like it but its hard to get rid of elders, pls make a 2nd way to lose the elders
jonathan clelland : the latest update wiped all my progress. shame, as i was enjoying it until that happened.
ihategoogle : i thought this would be fun like ski free but apart from the nice graphics it isn't much fun. not a whole lot to do except jump over obstacles. there is no override for the phone screen going black after a few seconds od not touching thw screen.
daniel lund : latest update on 2/16/16 cleared out all my progress. pretty bummed out, just got my wingsuit.
jorge salceda : beautiful graphics and beautiful ost. also doesn't attack you with annoying ads. but you can watch some to continue playing.
jacob smith : i love the simplicity, art style, feel characters, and the mechanics. i haven't seen a single glitch, and i can't wait for future updates and games from snowman. awesome job!
frank smith : but it has been freezing to a black screen more and more often why i click to watch an ad to continue. samsung galaxy avant.
ibrahim chelanga : every time my day goes well or bad this game never fails to disappoint in making you happy... pls make more
joshua townsend : the game is fun, the goals are not grindy, and the best part is no microtransactions. the fact that you can add in game currency via watching commercials instead of paying for it is amazing.
graham jantz : fun game for 10 minutes but super receptive. flips need to be done faster and night time should be able to be turned on and off. rocks are far too hard to see in the dark and coins are too hard to come by.
garrett saucedo : the music and setting are really relaxing. it also looks great. the game is fun especially if you like endless runners.
ali khan : character visibility can be pretty bad behind some tall trees and at night. it's sometimes hard to see player position in a flip which can be frustrating. please fix this.
avery james : wouldn't work for lg optimus, e970 model. a whole year later, with the samsung s10+, still experiencing same issue. opens to title card then immediately crashes. kinda sad, really.
surf widow : the problem with this. is watch a video! what?! stick a pop-up as at the load up and leave it at that, i mean it is good enough for fifa 15. it is pretty, but after 10 mins of play, you just end up with a go ski down a hill and hop over rocks. so it is just boring. soz. :(
madi khayyat : briliant game in every aspect, more flips, booster and weather conditions could be added though but still a pretty good game
graham schwartz : i really like the game, one star just hoping you guys see this. he would land facing the wrong way.
sean hunter : this really isn't explained in the game but it ruins my run after so long.... kinda annoying
rly rly rly : to me, it is the best and beautiful game on android i've ever played. well done devs. keep up the good work
nathan wiafe : i usually get bored of games like this after a few days but i'm still playing this one which speaks volumes. nice job. 4/5 only because the iap are a lil pricey
adam malbon : i don't see nothing wrong with a little bunting grind.
chris north : great game, nice graphics and gameplay but rinsed through battery (lg g4)
tommy snyder : after the update today, i went to open up the app and i lost all the upgrades/achievements/ and money that i have earned, and even a high score i was trying to beat. now its all gone. if there's anyway to get it back i'll rate 5 stars. if not this will stay as 1. i'm very dissappointed
david rodriguez : great game, graphics, awesome music and controls. it just need a little more of things to do. just a little one or two more things like more simple tricks or something with cause and effect.
koushik karmakar : i've re-installed this game because of its sootheness, cool music, clarity & flawlessness. i just wanted to know if it's possible to make a slight change in your next update for this game to be based on some missionary levels/target levels with more sceneries rather than endless? while playing it's just to keep moving....and moving.... otherwise good one!
bryan loo : unlike most endless games, this is flawlessly executed and well done. i've never been a fan of the genre, but this game is soothing and doesn't require much dexterity. something young and old can enjoy!
bogdan lazar : i'm starting to think that the reviews are fake. the game is nice in style and music, but not in gameplay. i believe i only have 1 trick which is salto and only backwards, which is stupid. there are only 2 upgrades which is really weak. at least the back salto should be faster.
chris strangemore : this is a beautifully designed game with some nice differences from other endless runner games. the level goals are challenging without being impossible and i really like the addition of doing the snowboarding tricks.
julie hovance : dear noodlecake studios, when you capture the llamas in the game , how do you get them to stay there and go back to the pen? i am a certified llama expert from the humane society and may have to arrest you if your conduct is wrong. ps: i may also have to sue samsung for having a goat emoji but not a llama one!!
jesse james : crashes soon as i press the app i'm running lg optimus f6 why can't i play this game please help
christopher williams : i just reached level 41. now no can play as the lama witch has a cool ability that gives him a double jump witch gives me a good trick combo score .
robert zablocki : it's ski safari with far less content. it honestly feels exactly the same, like it's the same physics engine. so yes, it's still fun, but a bit boring.
paul kaller : stunning light effects and picturesque layout. easy to use and only one finger needed to control snowboarder. it's a beautiful game.
ashley june : great graphics amazing gameplay endless runner goals to complete amazing music multiple skins to unlock best graphics i've seen on a phone and best unless runner game i've seen as well
chintu shankar : i have been waiting for this game on android ever since i played it on apple.. loved the game.. i hope they bring upgrades on the snowboard though ..
ivan samuelson : addicting, challenging, fun. a different take on the endless runner concept. no invasive ads and you really don't have to purchase the iaps to fully enjoy the game. definitely worth a look if you love the endless runner games.
selim hjorthall : the game gets kinda boring when you've bought all upgrades... a+ for graphics though!
robert taci : this is the stuff that everybody should have on their smart phones, its a very nice game and it doesnt want your money like most of the good games!
a google user : it is literally the perfect game. it was the only one i had on my phone for a very long time but i mamaged to complete it eventually with much satisfaction. the best game that i have played so far
mr darwen : a game that's free, that's enjoyable and without adds popping up! you don't have to pay a penny and for that you receive a mobile game that's beautiful, addictive and unique to the otherwise boring 'free run' type games from the past. well done noddlecake games!
minnie w : i think this is an awesome game,the graphics are stunning and it is really well thought out. it is annoying when there is a huge chasm that you cant cross though!
shawn mcfadden : on my lg phone when in the pause menu the screen is bigger than my phone so parts of the menus are cut off.
jocelyn hastings : i was enjoying this a lot, but i left the game to answer a message and when i came back, it got stuck on the title screen. i closed and reopened and it stays stuck. i didn't connect my google account yet so i don't want to uninstall and reinstall ):
james turner : there no pretenses or gimmicks it's even a bit relaxing. i'm not even mad when i bail on a flip...it's just one beautifully made game
stephen : i typically hate games on my phone and this is the only game i've kept installed for more than an hour so...yeah it's quite good. great artistic expression and kind relaxing. good work!
gaurav shukla : after the latest update the screen resolution in pause menu is disorientated. also sometime it doesn't jump until i force close the game
jordan williams : game gets stuck when the character hits a rock and flies off the board into a chasm. have to reset app to play again.
sarah beebe : i can't even do a backflips and it's not letting me advance. i tap and hold but it refuses to work.
max sosnovsky : very good game. but have some bug: all mountains are flickering with rainbow colors. device samsung note 4, android 4.4 (miui).
collin miller : if you want great graphics, no ads, and a game you can progress in without having to buy anything, and is able to play without internet, then this is the best game for you
agasthya rana : it was a smooth sailing until my nexus 5 screen started becoming unresponsive while i am playing this game. reboots and fresh installations haven't helped.
sophie t.b : loved this game, it has amazing graphics and can be calming. i would recommend this to anyone!
gokul krishna : it may seem like old wine in new bottle for some. but his bottle is stunning and the wine is even better. have some great visuals paired with mesmerising soundtrack.
denver agpianka : this game is smoothly developed and easy to play but somehow i can't see rocks on night scene.
albert colon : i love the game, it's very entertaining. i have a galaxy s6 edge, and while i'm playing the screen times out. if that was fixed it would be 5 stars from me!
daniel adams : this game is a unique fun style and i love the concept if it however the developers need to add more tricks for example: front flip etc then u would rate the game 5*
nicolas deault : my only issue with this game is that it drains the battery faster than it can be charged. otherwise, it is truly an amazing game.
matt r. : so happy this is now on android. not a huge fan of the ads but they aren't intrusive.
pracheta das : you can include more tricks, more snowboards and more new type of goals. half of the time the goals for a current level have already been achieved in a previous run.
ian williams : love his game, it is helping me through my south east asia travels. if you want one more star more then add more tricks and it would be perfect
enzi : theres a bug when night falls there are some lighting glitches (looks like a window lighting ) but overall great game
joelvz : this game is amazing. i really like the graphic and the music. i can't stop playing this game. this game is one of my favorite 10/10.
imtiaz ahmed : maya is great for flipping but when it vomes to handling elders she's not the character you want
ayush samarth : something is wrong with google play. i signed in after switching device but my achievements aren't loading.
eminem : add disaster challenges the disaster will make meteor at get down from the mountain (faster),make multiplayer,make campaign,make armor for lives,and skater for speed,so this game will changed to adventures,make more trick too!! please update for this and all commenters to change this game to they dream game :v
zach mccullough : it's simple, fun, and challenging. can be frustrating at times though lol
matt wilkinson : you know what's fun to do in a game about going fast and flying off of jumps? tricks. you know what's not fun? a character that does one single trick and rotates at the approximate speed of a second hand on a clock. so attempt and fail some backflips or ride straight down the mountain. two choices. well, that's not exactly true - you can also crash into a rock that's impossible to see on the nighttime levels or get bashed by some guy on llamaback if you pick up any decent distance on your run.
john reagan : the music is wonderful, and the game play itself is highly addictive. the scenery makes you feel absorbed in alto's world.
mervyn moon : could do with an exit button as hard to exit the game with phones that don't have physical back buttons. ie htc one m8
adersha khatiwada : i love this game i would even love it more if you guys add like more characters in the workshop for you to turn into and more power ups like a llama comes out of nowhere and you start riding it. thank u for making this game i love it so much this game is beautiful the graphics the sound it's perfect.
kayla dolese : i love it but, had to uninstall it and was not able to back it up by signing into my google play acc.
zeeshan yousafzai : beautiful and atmospheric! thought, there is the issue of visibility where the protagonist, and obstacles such as rocks, disappears within the foreground and, sometimes, into the background, especially during the night.
abhash kumar singh : sleek minimal graphics, brilliant sound design. doesn't get better than this. go catch those llamas!
vivek pardeshi : beautifully made with soothing audio & graphics keep the awesome work... have a nice day devs
gordon richter : lots of fun, beautiful minimalist graphics. best game in a long time.
paata tsotskolauri : when i open without internet connection there is screen resolution problem i can't see home and restart buttons on pouse screen,otherwise game is awsame!
megadelorix p : it's a very astethic game it looks good and the soundtracks are nice but this is very similar to other games . jump over an obstacle . collect coins do some tricks it's not very engaging but i mean it's okay not the best game in the world i just play this game probably when i see it lying in my app drawer.
martin scott : for once, i'm ok with the ads in a game of this type - however the game is just a bit dull.
dinesh ravula : after a 10 to 15 seconds of inactivity while playing game, my screen goes to sleep. in order to keep the screen always awake i have to make a unnecessary jump. otherwise it's a great game.
vansh arora : brilliant game, totally hooked to it right now. thumbs up for the music/sound effects as well.
lahcene allem : beautiful concept, nice ambiant music, even has a progression system and multiple characters to make you come back and back again
danny chuon : this game is absolutely gorgeous! the whole environment in the game and how it the time of day changes as you play is a very interesting concept that you don't see in other games. also this game is very addicting and very enjoyable to play.
abel gamboa : man when i downloaded this app it froze and didn't wanna play
richard lewis : i really like the game but my progress shows in google play but not in the app so i have to start again.
ross2k : its so incredible the gameplay outshines the bugs, one thing though, if you could add some sort of non-competative online multiplayer? and possibly different snowboard available for purchase? otherwise, you are golden!
man nguyen : visually stunning. would have been a relaxing game if i didn't have to worry about hitting stuff. i just wanted to enjoy the scenery and music. except one hit ends the game. not worth it to keep installed.
sadie lindahl : i really like it but it will not start after the update. please fix i rlly want to play
bedanta kumar : i dreamt once. alike this. same kind of music. same background. i woke up and was in fact i am happy to remember this dream. i feel like my own heavenly times at those hill stations again. i play the dream now whenever i feel to. thanks a lot noodlecake.
irene jung : it is such a gorgeous game. awesome graphics, wonderful soundtracks and adorable characters! i fell in love with this game.
rishik bansal : it's the best game i have played. when i'm bore this game fill up my time.
christopher shakespeare : lovely musical score. excellent smooth graphics. i would love to see the addition of how far we fall on our face
saman firdaus chishti : soothes u after ur daily work routine..truly soul satisfying. excited fr nxt level and surprises..
soo clark : smooth controls, good graphics & soundtrack makes for a fun game. i suck at this game but i will play more to improve.
apichat longchamnong : yeah finally, i can play right now no black screen anymore and please update should include more things for better and funnier waiting for update
zach zampetti : it's hard to see when the sun goes down.
av j : this game deserves a 6 star rating i want more games like this. keep up the good work!
glen jordan : 5/5 would fall down mountain again.
fintan m : but i cannot find a way to jump the gorge on the first level..
rajan : one of the most aesthetically pleasing mobile games i have ever played, looking forward to future updates
yinyang cartoon : in the forum. you can change character but i cant nor snowboard and nothing els. theres no icon on top of alto.s head
annesha ghosh : it's very addictive and very challenging. the tune and graphics will make you play again even after you lose a level around 10 times
peru balboa : best one in the market.. non-intrusive ads.. no in app purchases necessary.. could give 10 stars if there was an option.... to the dev: the music is so good and please add done more of these awesome tunes
brian kenney : game is fun but watching videos to get revived doesn't work. the video ends and then the game resets making watching the video a waste of time
pretentious hipster : this is what i want in a mobile game. everything comes together beautifully. the graphics, the music, and the challenge. among all the mobile games i've played, this one will be staying.
devon detwiler : great graphics, low key sound effects, good music, simple and challenging, best game like this.
chris shea gek siang : the graphics are good,the features are nice but you should add characters and more power ups or obstacles in the game.looking forward to updates!
timothy ropke : tap to jump registers only half the time (all other tactile controls work) and watch a video will half the time freeze the app blank with no way to get back to the game.
eric gibbs : great game, but chews up battery on my phone rapidly. figuring 100% charge, estimate approximately 1 hour of gameplay before battery will die.
abhijit biswas : has some bugs but it is a true freemium game, doesn't restrict game play unofficially forceful in app purchases..
areeb khan : this is a great game. i really like playing it also the music is really good but in another update can you please add in more music. otherwise great game.
amanda burroughs : love it. game play continues to challenge 10 hours in, good variety and noticeable difference between characters. addicting, fun, just great overall.
leif olson : my new favorite phone game, but it has one big flaw. it does not seem to support cloud progress saving. i tried to continue it on a new device and i had to start from scratch.
dust hoffman : as stated great game but if you could add some more powers and events to make it more interesting. for instance, add more tricks you can pull off like at least a frontflip. you can even add certain buttons do different tricks.
a google user : i love the art style. it's easy to play and enjoy. for some reason it's heavy on my battery.
jared vandermeulen : this game is beautiful, smooth, and addicting. no ads just a great time.
benjamin moore : the art style in this game is simply beautiful. combine the graphics with an awesome sound track, and you have a game that is just a treat to the senses. on top of the art design the game play is very solid and enjoyable , i only wish there were more power ups to use.
swagiee harsh patil : the man on board is too small.. make him bit big so v can njoy game..n also show buttons to jump skeat etc
rachit kothari : the game is awe inspiring. the backgrounds although can be little bland, but the graphics are just amazing.
aaron boy : after your recent update to fix the black screen for asus 2, the game has started to lag terribly and there are significant frame drops during gameplay. i am playing this game on asus memopad 7, please fix it.
jithin sankar : a perfect mix of art and music,.this game is enjoyable to people of all ages as it have only simple controls.i cant express the joy in words when i get all the coins during the jumb and the pain which you get during a backflipfail.elegant game design.hats off to all who made this wonderful game
wyatt duncan : the game is fun and addicting but there should be more things like a yeti or a changing background.
yoann moinet : when i pause the game the screen is all scaled up and doesn't fit the view port at all anymore. i can barely see the button to resume the game. aside from this bug, it is an incredible game. ads aren't intrusive at all like we can see on other free games. and the design is gorgeous. well deserved 5 stars without the menu screen bug.
anil yadav : it's one of the most beautiful games i have played this year but i would love it even more if there are more tricks added !
andrew kiernan : best graphics and controls out of every game like this. except that there is no game like this. it is awesome in its own way.
daniel foster : offer a paid rock-free version, and take my money. the rocks spoil an otherwise excellent game. also, what's up with the horseman chasing? an explanation would be nice, as well as detailing how he can be beat.
donna dance : i have been playing for days now, absolutely mesmerising, and i am up to level 31 i think. however, i have just gone to play for the first time today and i am on level 1. i have signed into google play in the app and can see my previous achievements, i.e. unlocked izel but my levels appear to be lost. please help otherwise uninstalling!
muhammad gibran : the greatest game. love the consept and beautiful art graphic, minimalist but cool. it will be better if you add different place...
ziyadun niam : for everyone who got a bad feeling, just try to play this game, it's relaxing. and for the maker, share it more global, everyone have to know and feel the awesomeness of alto
malan du plessis : fun little game with a beautiful art style. crash landed many times due to being awe struck by the background panorama.
raian aru : i first thought it will be boring but it hooked me and i keep playing whenever i'm not doing anything because it's jsut really fun.
jayson hengstberger : exits to home screen...please respond with how to get it to run. i am using a zte rapido
a google user : i'm not much of a gamer, but the visuals, music and fun interactions have me hooked.
wasif salim : kharap na i guess. the music is bhalo
sam pickering : fixed crashing at start. a prettier version of surf safari, but with less to do.
ilyas zulfaqar : i tried to run away from him but hes to fast. i try to respect but in the end i died
robert patrick hernandez : good gameplay. good sound. good grafix. great adventure. plus, instead of the annoying ads that destroy most games this gem actually let's you use the ads to keep your progress. this is how all games should be made. kudos to the developer. great job!
reece brown : i love this game. currently working as a lifty on a ski resort and this passes the time by perfectly. it's simple, addictive and beautifully designed with an affective back drop. one suggestion though would be possible bonus levels every now and then for the chance to collect extra coins or maybe something new. other than that, great job!
juha kauppinen : repeats itself. the hill stays more or less same during whole game.
raphael daya : i loved all of it. it would be more awesome if the game was more story-like. not the fancy "temple run style". it is called 'adventure' for a reason devs. put some more story into that game! :)
jeremy buchsbaum : it's a fantastic endless runner. beautiful minimalist visuals; sick music; creative, refreshing, and smooth ui; and addictive gameplay. what more could you want? except maybe more characters...
divyanshu mahajan : after this update, the game is running flawlessly on my asus zenfone 2. i loved the concept and the gameplay as well.
nicholas panella : i had to reset my phone and in return had to reinstall this game, but after i logged into google games it didn't restore my progress just kept the high score and the achievements.
adam krivoshein : quite the polished game. the visual style is gorgeous and the gameplay is fun yet calming and lacks the frustration of other similar games.
crushinator 2134 : great game, but the videos don't load half the time and then finally play once i'm on a new run.
nathan bales : this game is incredible in terms of its graphics and smooth gameplay! makes me feel at peace... until an elder spots me that is.
zack pedrick : the rocks are really annoying. so much so that i probably won't find myself playing this game very often.
jose pedro madrigal : awesome design for a very good game. it has all you can ask for a game to use in your spare time.
john clark : its a good looking game but in the first ten minutes of play i must of been subjected to six minutes of adverts just to progress onwards. no longer on my phone.
crystal sheffler : very cute game but too fast and difficult for this ol' gal. google nexus 6
josh capone : great game none the less beautifuly simple
eleni strong : really enjoying this game but i'm having a resolution problem. it's only on the menu page, the home and game play pages are both fine but when i pause or go into the settings there seems to be a problem with the resolution.
a google user : how generous of this developer to provide a free game with no ads or pay-to-win gimmicks. i also like the side-scrolling twist on the endless runner concept.
pawan kumar : very small size of character and scene to seen something like rock etc.. its better if scene seen little big size.
ynj simha : add boost button to jump over chasms of large distances
sean pistolkors : runs great on my galaxy s6. fun gameplay that isn't repetitive or annoyingly difficult. it's a relaxing game to pass a bit of time here and there.
samit vaidya : games is aesthetically beautiful but nothing much new after a while.. same and repetitive gameplay
marco piovesana : it's a bit repetitive but still enjoyable, and the graphics is very nice.
david holcomb : i love how simple it is! i hope there are more updates coming soon. i'd like to see what they can add to this amazing game!
matt unruh : it's beauty and seamless game play reminds me a lot of monument valley.
vivek ramachandran : peaceful and fun. the kind of games i've been looking for. graphics are a slightly bit laggy at times.
abhirup dey : i love the minimalistic theme of this game. running smoothly. addictive. and you just need to watch ads . no in app purchase... cool
gokulraj muniappan : night is too dark to find obstacles... add more abstacles.. character is too tiny..
krenar piraj : ex. fast drop while in the air, and you have to play all day long for 50 coins. the cheapest upgrade is 250 coins, it will be better if you can boost whenever you want, not when "alto" wants, etc
jonathan perry : quality and sound are on point, definitely worth downloading
rachel sowards : i can't ever get past jumping over the chasm it always is slowing me down
john breyault : love this game. simple to learn, but it remains challenging after several days of play. love the thematic elements, music and art best of all. hoping for more tricks to be introduced in subsequent updates.
vino : great view, style and objective. ready makes you apart of the adventure that takes place.
burak topal : on the s6 with marshmallow it does not prevent the screen time out from turning off the screen when the screen is untouched during gameplay.
sahil khamosh : there are so many bugs that i couldn't even pass the tutorial
nate kauffman : this game is a hipster ski safari rip off, no originality whatsoever
big mon : this game is so fun and addicting the work the app makers put into this is fenimimal. the cenery is crazy this game is beautiful and fun! i suggest everyone tries this.
david maes : great game to pass time but found myself getting hooked lol
reid robinson : great game mechanics and really well implemented! and it has a gorgeous simplistic art style.
rishabh gour : awsm game i like it even my friens also like it so much. .
carni : i cannot play it. as soon as i go on the app it immediately crashes. please fix. (using lenovo yoga tablet)
jacques german : simple, doesn't push adds on you, great art style and good gameplay
clive gwee you young : an endless runner game that actually relaxes you with it's simple visuals, yet not too grindy. easy to pick up and enjoy.
james freeman : good game, but very buggy. sound errors, stuttering, ads go to black screen, loss of control, and more.
dan cooley : this game would be great if it worked. i can start the run by tapping the screen but then jump doesn't work so i can't do anything. sometimes it works but more often it doesn't.
jeff abbott : works perfectly on the lenovo yoga tab 3 pro after the 2/16 update. thank you for your prompt attention! amazing game. it worked fine on my s6 edge, but the dolby atmos on the yoga tab makes the audio incredible. hats off to the devs for getting this fixed.
chris hopp : great, fun, beautiful, addictive. crashed my phone (moto x) twice. most recently after unlocking maya and completing 3 backfilp challenge on level 11. otherwise 5 stars
jae chung : it is well designed but i do not quite find any fun of this game.
manjunath s m : i use mi 3 phone when ever i pause the game the pause sceen does not fit to my phone sceen result of which i cant see resume and other option properly ... apart this game is very smooth and background music is so soothing to ears
skkyler wales : definetly one of the best games ive played. great graphics, play style and its very addictive. easy 5 star!
jason orr : i love the game, absolutely fun but it does not link up to google services that well, i can't pick up from were i left off from my xperia z1 to my xperia z3 tablet compact, please can you fix this...
erik beyer : this is the most beautiful game on any touch screen device and it even has a day night cycle and a whole weather cycle to add to the beauty. overall it's an amazing game for how simple it is.
benjamin garman : update with some more people, colors, things to buy etc? really loving it. to me, this is what a phone game should be.
nathan grebowiec : the lack of cloud save is crazy. why wouldn't you implement this basic google play games service?
tony c : lovely rich graphics, good audio. it reminds me of a game on the ps3 called the journey.
cthulhu : i love it, you should add a halloween theme, like halloween mode and christmas mode, it would be nice :d
leslie david : this is an outstanding game being that it's only an arcade like game. the ambiance is great, it has soothing music and great graphics if possible this desserves a 6 star review
sn jadeja : very cool and unique game ! although there is little space for improvement, i.e. you can add some cool things in between like new obstacles , something else like river , some new stuff at workshop, etc
sl1 : there's a significant frame rate drop in gameplay on oneplus one. please make it smooth.
random games : i have a few things that would be awesome if you could put them in the game for the next update different snowboards that have special perks, caves, and a co-op system thank you plz respond to this message
nia devetzis : i really love this game but i'm having a glitch as all the other touch screen controls work but when i play the actual game i can't jump. i'm really not sure what's happening.
milan : very relaxing, love the flowing feeling. love the art style, keep it up. would love front flip option
salad ass : so god damn beautiful. damnit nature. probalbly would need some more perks
alar a : are advertising absolute garbage apps. should be advertising something good instead
bryan chai ming shi : i love the way it looks. especially on my phone. however, it doesn't seem to perform smoothly on my galaxy note 4. could you please do some optimisations? thanks
gaston how : there will be instances when the character is unable to jump while tapping the screen.
abhiram mangalore : this is one of the most beautifully realised games i've ever played. it's almost poetry. the music is good and the design never gets old. thanks for a great game, guys!
manish : it's a nice game to kill free time. i haven't given it 5 because its sometimes too stupid. the rocks are very small and ruin the whole run by a mere stupid mistake. at least make them glow or something at night.?
alex silva : the graphics and music are gorgeous and the gameplay is simple but fun. a beautiful twist to the endless runner concept
a google user : i don't normally game in my phone, because i want my phone to last as long as it could. but then, i saw this game and i felt like downloading it and eventually liked playing it.
sberry 209 : thanks i've had a really bad week and this game is fun and aesthetically quaint and very visually comforting. thanks for making it. and everyone should get it.
ocean byrne : i love this game. first and foremost it is very pretty. i love the changing of the light, and weather, and i especially like how the perspective shifts a bit when you jump. the music and sounds are also pretty. then there are the physics of the game which are fun and challenging without being super frustrating. finally what i like about alto is that you don't actually have to watch a bunch of stupid ads. top notch classy through and through.
jayalakshmi shanmuga sundaram : the visuals and music are really a treat ... the gameplay mechanics are easy to use .... just add some character customization and the game should be perfect
jeff beaty : last updated put me back to level 1.
frank fella : this is a blatant rip off if ski safari, but not as fun.
nat : its a fun game and i always want to play it. one suggestion is to be able to get some sort of reward after completing a goal or leveling up. i would feel much more accomplished and want to pass those goals more
minds_are_made_of_clouds : i click on it and it just crashes and says 'has stopped working' this is on an xperia sp please fix
aleksandar salma : pros: amazing graphics, smooth gameplay, incredible atmosphere, soothing music cons: could use more interesting upgrades in the shop. in conclusion if you are a fan of winter, get this game, its free
nina markovic : a beautiful game with amazing scenery. leveling and day and night cycle. it's truly amazing. my new favorite phone game.
matt_cake : after the new update the app wouldn't open i even uninstalled then reinstalled and it still didn't work. fix this or one star
trevor hsieh : my stuff got wiped and now i'm salty af
wes smithe : has the fictional mystique of monument valley and the aww yiss moments of amped.
johnny wei : simple and relaxing, and great graphics too. it would be nice if there were coins on the lines instead of just on the ground though.
manuel lopez : like others have stated, when watching ad to continue you sometimes fall back into the same pit you fell in before.
lau sai bin : although i already passed the mission of avoiding an elderly, i really dont know what elderly am i avoiding.... 3stars.
michael tryon : love these style of side and silhouette games coupled with very good graphics.
denton nissley : surprisingly difficult for how simple it is. endless fun....can't wait to be the llama. amazing and surprisingly good.beautiful artwork as well.
dandy ojeda : can't see at night time of the game. i easily stumble on rocks
lestat : nice layout but it feels like its unfinished. could do with more tricks
joshua amos : it is a good game but when i went to open it after today's update it closed the app i even uninstalled it and installed it again and it still did not work please fix this
johnmar calucin : its amazing game and its free at playstore! not like the appstore you have to purchase it in order to play the full. bit here its free!
alberto guadalupe : love this game! just need to make the jumps easier to do. kinda hard to make a chasm jump when you barely got any speed
mr. elevator : great gameplay, leveling up is challenging and rewarding, new characters for each level up make it a new game each time.
will james : only saw this today. safe to say i'm so happy i downloaded it, this game is fun, extremely beautiful and easy to pick up and play wherever you are. highly recommended if you want a simple but relaxing and enjoyable experience.
norve : everything in this game i totally love it i play this for a past time i just cant get enough of it haha thanks for makin this free hope for more improvements!
hitesh tyagi : only one problem. revive via video is not working.
nathan williams : such a beautiful game. by far one of my favorites so far and i hope the developers keep making it better.
steve jones : this is truly awesome.the game engine is spot on,the play is random and even the music doesn't grate on you.
musa shams : every time i play it won't save the coins i get or the achievements.
queenie : this is a pretty awesome game. my only issue is when i charge up the flying suit my scarf shows that it's charged and all but i don't get a button for using it.
mukul biswas : apart from adventure, the graphics and the music is so soothing.... became addicted to the game
padmanava mandal : all my progress just got lost after updating the app.
aditya naik : very soothing graphics. it is a very good game. better then any other endless running games. loved it....
zariarn : this is one of the best games on google play. addicting. great sounds and atmosphere. i recommend getting rid of lamas and making deer instead. i also recommend creating courses that have a finish line.
prasad n : game is nice but can't c properly on night mode.
subhajit : it's awesome, i have played few endless type games which i always found very repetitive but not this, great soundtrack daynight circle fabulous tricks graphics, all in all a must have
james franks : the game is a great downhill runner with fun tricks. beautiful art and music compliment each other well in this fashionably developed game.
david taylor : after fixing the game for zenfone you seem to have messed it up for the rest of us
mason christmas : this game gave me an insane erection..along with the orgasm
john manzo : beautiful with delightfully simple controls. no "lives" nonsense. no ads unless you choose to watch them.
nitesh dixit : i don't know why but its not working at all with me ....i'm used to play games on my pc on bluestack i play mostly every game and they work well but this one dissapointed me otherwise on my mobile its just awesome ....
cillu magellan : happy that u keep it ad-free! the amount of coins on the track can be increased and the items in the shop can be increased too! anyway it's gr8!
kaivalya : the game is elegant and has stylish design an absolute pleasure to play this game hoping for more awesome games ahead.
garrett catlin : i love this game, but after the update it deleted all of my progress... my achievements and high score are there but it deleted all of my coins and stuff. oh well.
abhisheikh lye : graphics is great, but hoping to see more tricks other than just a backflip.
alpha khristine fortun : best game ever. the visuals and music are just perfect. however, it became laggy after the update. fix it pleeease! :(
akshay gupta : the game is best in its genre. the game at its best and the thing that i love the most is the wingsuit!!!
michael lo : love this game. good graphics and easy to play. its so addicting and a great time killer too
johny lica : app unfortunately has stopped. samsung galaxy s4
bernie brusk : the audio is extremely garbled on my nexus 6.
mike bowen : i've played this game a lot. there is something quite relaxing snowboarding down a slope catching escaped animals, collecting coins, magnets and feathers, while making great jumps, tricks and daring escapes. a truly beautiful game, where progress is easily tracked.
allison : the games so simple and at the same time it never gets old. i can focus on distance or coins and if thats not enough i can always get trick points!
ridzky ganda : it's a relaxing game with beautiful music and graphics. the graphics are simple but elegant.
yusuf dawasaz : awesome gameplay and graphics. i am very much impressed with the simple ui of the game. thanks to the developer for this game. this is one of the best skating game on android. scoreboard feature is just amazing with detailed how much u scored. looking for updates in future. thank you once again.
sean lockridge : best mobile game i've played in a while. the art and sounds are so clean and relaxing. love it.
matthew cooper : amazingly gorgeous game that is addicting but jumping over chasms are too unforgiving
a google user : pretty good but irritating that you can't see your high score till you beat it.
jay solanki : i'm playing this game in my nexus 6p,and after playing for some time it starts little lagging, otherwise its running fluently and im enjoying it ...great game...
shmooogal : this game is beautiful even though i'm a skiier all the skiing and snowboarding games sucks until now this game is awesome
arvind suresh : i should be able to see these without signing in with my play account.
konrad d. : this is a really well done game for such a simple concept. the visuals are great and the style reminds me of a "flat" monument valley. best distance so far is 5200. looking forward to going way beyond that. :)
bloodking bk : graphics, music, simplistically, physics, but on the tutorial it doesn't show or tell you about the feather, magnet, and the guy that chases you. i do know but, does it show in the tutorial? besides the tutorial, when you grind, apparently when a tower is between the rope, you go thew the tower..
dude itsmatt : this app has a good thought but it needs more stuff to it like add more power ups and add difrent characters other then that it's good
robert l. : everything about it is just awsome challenging keeps me coming back for more only thing i don't like is o want to do more tricks also if there is a perk to look out for rocks that are approaching.elders should be more challenging.i want something else that stops me and makes me have more skills to dodge them.add mote enemies!!!
ryan cutshall : can we get another song? the track is wonderful but gets old after playing a lot. another relaxing doing wolf be nice.
benjamin van rhyn : by far the most beautiful game on android. the art style and music is mouth watering. but it would be awesome if we get more extra stuff for the character but keep up the amazing work
jeni clarke : how do i get over a chasum i never have enough speed
joseph darkpride : so calm and peaceful, simple yet fun and addicting to play. best game so far this year
siddharth kanchi : glad u fixed the black screen issue, asus zenfone 2
ahmad xalil : this game's great, it has such a relaxing music and graphics. and being a free game makes it one of best games on gp.... thanks developers. keep up the great work.
vinayak gupta : but the game gets repetitive after a while and it takes too long (considering it's an endless game) to collect coins
aryan kumar : graphics are amazing, gameplay is also good, i really enjoyed it. beautiful game, simple, fun
tanner boyle : fixed zenfone 2 problem upon request and now it works gg
nicholaos bilalis : alto's adventure is a perfect sample of what mobile games should be. i truly want to support this game, but i find 4.38 (the only in-app purchase) to be a little too much.
dave whitelaw : was good until the recent update, loads with a blank screen. update: blank screen fixed, stunning graphics, simple but highly addictive game play.
drew layton : i never tire of it. it was an incredible game on ios and still is on this. big thanks to noodlecake devs for getting in touch personally and sorting a crashing problem for me. drew. (world distance champion. for now..)
jon martin : this game is so relaxing, when i play it, i feel like im smokin a joint. lol
anurag kamath : its a great game. something that would make it better would be new tricks and easier ways to earn coins.
ikrima baskoro : i appreciated this game. excellent graphics and smooth color. love it :)
deverus : didn't like that it was one direction flip, so if you messed up by trying to jump early you couldn't fix it. and i felt a need to try and charge my jump. ..
knuckle buster : needs more stuff though. already finished the game, it's getting boring.
jake burden : practicaly flawless except from a few bugs. you should add extra trick options like being able to flip forward
seth stickfort : i like ski safari a bit better. noodle cake studios is pretty good though
caleb sowell : thank you devs for patching this amazing game! i had to use an old phone to play it on in the meantime, but it was worth it! i love the gameplay and the soundtrack is amazing!
sushi kc : very soothing! nice and simple game! love the music and everything about
it! great game! recommend it a lot! it's just that challenges get too hard.
a google user : i haven't play so good game for so long time! it's so amazing
javier padilla : thanks a lot for fix the black screen on asus devices. i was really upset about not playing this game with great graphics. i love the gameplay, artwork, ui and sound effects. everything is perfect. thanks
ardhito arro : seeing the screenshots is enough to convinve me to download the game. great visual, music, and simple control
ghassan jaber : you really need to change the color of the rocks, its hard to see
anindaya s rana : gorgeous game. had problem with the asus zenfone 2. but after the update i can finally play it and i can say that it is just one of the games i will keep playing.
jack : this is the only game that i have actually rated without being bugged to do so. it's very smooth, and easy to play. offline play is nice and the beautiful visuals are just awesome. probably the best game i have played on android yet!
dev singh : i amazing game game which dont ask for premium account just google account .. 5 star definately i'll give
bryan douglass : had been waiting for this release for some time. it's been well worth the wait. appreciation and thanks, devs!
james booker : the pause/menu cuts in half on screen.
cenamonman : and i just wasted ten seconds of your life
asheesh saini : you'll fall in love with it. the graphics. the music. the morning, afternoon, evening and night transformation. lightening effects, leaves falling.. and the list goes on. one of the best offline games.
seaworthyrocket : could have better controls but, simple works for this game. p.s. it's a very pretty game.
gary volk : worst "game" ever. graphics are awful. gameplay and controls are awful. keep crap like this on apple!
sayandh parayil : beautiful graphics and beautiful music make this game worth playing though the name of the game is misleading
aaron ahearne : well structured controls and achievement system. loads of replayability. always play it until my battery dies.
ken corcoran : stunning art and design for a mobile game. endless fun and not to hard to move forward in levels at all.
tyler stanislawski : the game is one of the best i have run across in a long time and the graphics are amazing,,,props to you game creators
just blake : smooth solid gameplay great music and its wrapped up with a nice simplistic art style. kudos!
gabriel harrison : gr8 game, awesome features, amazing game play and the achievements are easy but hard.
brigitte stone : i keeps freezing and wont let me jump over that chasm
brian j. fox : 1.1 build 34 seems to have fixed my zenfone 2 issues. fun game, it's better than winamp - it really whips the llama's a**. please add an in-app purchase to remove ads.
ching lin : very addictive and somewhat challenging goo. and a good game to kill time !
jon kirk : i really enjoy the game, however i think it could be improved by being able to upgrade your board using coins to achieve faster speeds and bigger jumps. if that were introduced i'd definitely give 5 stars!!
shivansh samal : love being chased by the elder. i think there should be an avalanche mode also
clio varosy : this is the best app i have seen in forever. watch out though, it is crazy addictive.
bonnie s : awesome game! won't sync between my devices even when logged into google play games on both.
c. : overall a very fun game. i play it for hours. my only con is i wish there were more tricks that could be done such as a front flip or 360 for variety. but other than that keep up the good work!!!
luke walker : i didnt like it at first but it has grown on me, the artwork and style of the game is amazing 5 stars for that but 3 stars for the fact that the objects and the platform aren't set out very well, you either go too fast and miss things or go too slow and dont make it, i'm not going to play it for much longer because it becomes a bit frustrating!
miguel jimenez : this game is great but they have to put more skins, snowboard and things like that!!
g mcl : great game but frustrating that i keep accidentally hitting the pause button then smacking into the rock i then cannot avoid when i unpause.
jacob simon : i had gotten the game on my old iphone, and then gotten it again on my android, but now the workshop is missing the helmet and pickaxe. can someone help?
emon pyra : everytime i stop to take a break it just pulls me back in with the smooth game play and graphics!
george skevas : needs upgrades for the performance of the snowboarder too. otherwise it's a beautiful app and simple gameplay
balaji vinnakota : i dont know why my screen offs when the game is still alive!!! i have to unlock again and resume the game.
ravi salimi-tabar : i definitely recommend you download this app. it's addictive, beautiful and quite challenging!
a google user : really very great game to play offline and online . so exciting game ever seen or played
vaisakh nambiar : it's absolutely flawless! the tunes are so relaxing while looking at the beautiful scenery. you guys can include more lovely tunes in the coming future updates!
danik briand : even though i disabled the data for this app it still managed to reach 200 mb of data in 3 days...
nikola adzioski : it's a great game but i think you should add something to collect when flying at maximum attitude
tyler casares : been playing since it came out. lvl 30. amazing. highly recommend
jimmy bimmy : i can see a thing when it become night time but its still a good game
taji stakeman : this game is amazing. it's beautiful, sounds great and is very addicting.
james w : this games art style is fascinating. amazing gameplay couples with a good soundtrack. i really recommend it.
prasanna prassu : addicted i never played this type game truly amazing
ninothin : previous crash bug has been fixed
hugo pun : would be a cool game if you could jump when you tap the screen. functions perfectly for the menus though. galaxy s6.
tyler kunz : the 2 best things in the world: material design and snowboarding. combined into one amazing game!
ragini neog : can u please highlight the rock and other obstacles so it will be easy when you are going at high speeds at night and afternoon time of the day. thankyou
mutahard : absolutely stunning graphics and sound effects, creates such a pleasant atmosphere!
pradeep joseph : excellent game and very addictive. it has wonderful controls and the graphics are just awesome. loved it.
joe galli : gladly paid 3 bucks for this game and was totally worth that. great game if you only have a few minutes but you will want to play more!
andy andy : refreshing, and minimalistic game. but there is a bug on pause menu. there is no selection to restart, resume, and quit. it's a little bit off to me.
brian gapp : i haven't played it yet but its artwork is too good not to be 5 stars
sarah : touching the screen does nothing during a run.
paul negus : addictive, simple and huge fun. beautiful graphics, music and gameplay. can't recommend it enough :-)
lakeisha turner : i just switched from the iphone to samsung and i'm so glad they have this game for android now!!!
al6battlr : the music is good, the animation is great but u need more upgrades and tricks like sliding on trees or houses. other than that, it's awesome!!!
chud mcgubbins : this is absolutely beautiful. taking two of the greatest things in this world and putting them together. llamas and time wasting, brain melting video games. it's just... great!
mario meeks : hate i lost all progress when getting a new device
matt lilly : this game is absolutely stunning. to enjoy it turn the screen brightness up all the way. you won't regret it.
michael comerford : superb graphics, really entrancing game. you really don't need to spend anything - work your way through the levels and the game pays it's own way. absolutely love it!!
julie buchanan : altos adventure is the best game i have ever played in whole life just its only 6 days old plus amazing music and lamamui!!
kameran riedel : one of the best games in awhile! give it five stars for smooth gameplay, calming music, and amazing scenery!
nick west : this game is stunningly beautiful, great music fun game play. definitely give it a try.
renuka kutty : the game is very immersive. played it for almost 2 hours after downloading
hugo alencar : addictive gameplay!! loving it! 2 more levels for the wizard, please bring out more characters :d
douglas chang : beautifully designed and great soundtrack however low on content and variability
stormsnow : very bug and lagging always.. i touch the grind it's still lag my game..
shqlom : the best game i have ever played in my whole life
arman ahmed : animation is really slow for my alcatel one touch
cameron rae : its a nice looking game but pretty boring
eric hockemeyer : very cool, time waster, addictive, very well thought out. graphics are good for a 2d side scroller.
mario evason : this is so cute it's mind blowing. i've from being a casual runner game player to playing this game every 10 minutes! fantastic work. maybe a wallpaper to go with this well designed game?
ibrahim shaikh : best graphics , music and game play. love the sunset and dawn :)
jason tschohl : great game but absolutely not a fan of the newly added permission. especially after buying the double coin iap. why do you need to see what apps are running or installed on my phone? that's none of your business and there is zero reason for you to need it.
a google user : one of the best games i've ever played! and i hardly ever leave comments! thanks for fixing the zenfone 2 issue!
commander hj : fun game gets addictive after two runs can't put my tablet down
suman dev : i never played such a beautiful game.. relaxing
jennifer lazenby : i love this game it's way fun, but after level 9 it wouldn't let me jump... now i can't play anymore :(
a google user : be careful is you have a low display timeout setting.
brian georger : great game! i find it a little strange that this was an iphone game first since it looks like it is based on material design.
jeroen smink : i love this game but maybe a front flip added would give a nice little extra experience
bryan . d : the game is great but i don't see the helmet in the shop i just unlocked fellipe. anyone know why?
abu zayn moore : i love the game so far one thing i would like to know though is what country is it based in?
latiq pratt : the game has great visuals, it's fun and it is relaxing. recommend it to anyone
isaac berry : relaxing music , beautiful visuals and challenging elders make this game a must play!
chase winn : one little problem though, it wastes too much battery with how much i play it!
matthew garcia : the game does not override the system screen time out.
alexis delrieu : what a great game! graphics are so pretty. it deserves 5 stars.
apoorv thakur : lucid gameplay ..so beautiful and treat to your and side viewers eyes .. just rocks are not clearly visible anytime..otherwise perfect. was within first 500 to download it. *proud* :p
cameron black : genuinely one of the best games i've ever played on my phone. so fun, addictive and fair. if you haven't downloaded this game, do it now!
sayantan patra : this game is amazingly different!!! the climates are awesome and looks very beautiful. i can play this game for hours. loved it!
spencer meyer : no mute button, but good other than that
emjay espiritu : but sometimes jumps, specially on chasms are inconsistent... sometimes it's high, sometimes it is short... but i love the game... graphics is excellent...
sik : great but screen turns off while paying. if you don't jump constantly.
ayan majumdar : another wonderful game on mobile! beautiful design, love the changing of day time! soothing music, really nice and simple game!
ade kusuma : after download the last update, my game become laggy,fix this pls?? love this casual game..im using zen5
jennifer ragde : i love this game! graphics are beautiful. i would pay not to have to watch ads everytime i crash because i suck. also, can you add a free play mode so we can practice? otherwise, great app.
dylan hearn : its so much fun! i just wish there maybe more tricks, or more to it, the graphics and music are amazing! i love it
abdallah eid : i ran the game and after the logo appeared it took a lot of time on a blank screen then it opened. i thought it was just for the first time i run the game but this happens again and again
j. the wolf : i can't stop playing it and i love the wingsuit!
a google user : not motivated to keep playing.
bhavik vasava : i want more tricks on snowboard in mid air... he just doing back flip only...! game is good, music & art also good... just little bit problem with tricks, with awesome tricks this game will booming!!! so i hope you read my suggestion & add tricks on next update! thank you.
cody moen : love everything about this game. no bad thoughts on it.
preetam kumar mishra : wonderdul graphics and awesome gameplay.... finally a game that can overtake other best games in the android platform...
mark mcallister : how do i do shallow jumps, arcs, etc.? seems very inconsistent on landings too. the timing for cliffs feels very off too.
akash singh : the game graphics is fluid.music is enchanting.the gameplay is superb.add more stunts.
jan lopez : i can't express it in words. i hope that this wouldn't go bad like other games.
ryan duong : amazing art. easy to play. great music and awesome time changing in this game.
justin werner : no annoying adds, incredibly limited microtransactions, amazingly simple yet fun gameplay, tons of challenges and a leveling up mechanism? yes please!
jonathan southall : i love the way the time changes as you go on amazing
eshaan arora : i thought it would be an exact copy of the game which was released on ios, but it is far better! design, controls, game play, everything is awesome
heli balsara : after i recently updated the game, i can't open the app....when i tap on it something pops up saying "unfortunately, alto has stopped" i hope you fix this soon because i really enjoyed playing this but now i can't! please fix it!
esteban torres : this game is the definition of a good,"free" game
jontravis hunter : back flips wing suit graphics awesome
jacob standring : its a good game. if the upgrades like the horn and wing suit were cheaper the game would have no flaws. bravo devs.
abhishek sharma : especially the background score makes this game more peaceful n attractive...
megan boyd : the music is soothing, the scenery is gorgeous, and the game is just plain addicting!
kumi : the simple graphics and the music intertwine perfectly for this game. keep 'em comin!
srinivas desai : wonderful game black screen issue resolved. nice graphics
jg douglass : i love the graphics and music it calms me down but also if very addicting and it is amazing!!!
m sarepta : just love it!but can u plz fix a very important bugg!when i switch from my phone to my tab,my coins dissapear !big problem -when its fix i will give a 5 star thx
ayush gupta : the game lags often and the pause and settings screen is not properly calibrated to the screen size
sahil gupta : very nice game, a very good time pass and different too.
cian : beautiful game nice graphics music perfect and no ads, really professionally done
sarthak sahu : beautiful setup, amazing scenery and a nice gameplay in addition makes this a must play game :)
kenneth dunn : until you can save progress between devices this game gets a 1 star. why make me play lvls twice?
rudra sharma : i loved it totally perectly beautiful game!! its just so cool and i just love it
soldat sniper : the light with the sound of thunder and the sunset..its really beautiful game
sot col : the best game i have seen on playstore.
michael lang : didn't expect to like this game so much!
humberto garza : the game play is simple but keeps getting challenging as you level up.
ryan koesters : this game is really well made and relaxing. it would be nice to have android tv support!
isaac ramos : great game!!! it gets you in the spirit of wanting to snowboard even if you've never done it.
ted nunamaker : so sometimes after reviving alto i can't make him jump. annoying...
preeti saxena : a master piece. best grafics and very good music. keep it up !
hunterguy1 : i understand that maya is ment to be the acrobat but most of the time i die because she doesn't have the speed or the jump to make some of the cliffs please make it better to clear the jumps with her
a google user : have 2 pay money for wingsuit to finish lvl 31 that sux!!!!!! uninstalling app
julie powers : great game to play but wish the elders weren't always after me!
ur pocket peyton : i wish i could have that as a background for my tablet. and very great game!
the dreaming tree : great graphics, soothing music, fun and exciting game play, super cute llamas and it's totally free and doesn't have any forced advertising. game is full of goals that are challenging yet attainable which keeps me coming back for more. i love it! i like it so much i'm going to try all of the other games from this company because i bet they're good too.
annex.the.lemons : i absolutely love the art style of this game. it's really soothing and peaceful.
mark chau : don't be discouraged at the beginning. once you get the hang of it, it's a pretty awesome game!
manish mani : i am very very like this game .i was addictive to this game .it has great graphics .the controls are very easy amazing snow it is very nice
siddeq zunnurain : never knew their are such awesome games down here
regardt rossouw : great game and lovely graphics. i absolutely love the ambience that the game creates!
hanco coetzee : well structured and fun..just... when i pause ingame..half of the options just disappear..please fix
soumik sarkar : lost all my progress after downloading the new update... signing in with my google account didn't help... perhaps there's no method to recover any game progress... sadly... uninstalled
map loot : awesome game i'm addicted to it. awesome graphics i loved it
brandon reynoso : really fun,great music,cool stuff to do, and great time waster, no wifi
bharat patel : good game but in night i cannot see rock
worthy watch : cool and mind satisfactory games. god bless you team
gabriel rubio : game design is beautiful, controls are simple, objective is easy enough!
tadhg : it's a beautiful , one touch mobile must have. download now!
brishtikana siraj : best game ever! the music is so nice and the scenery is simple yet beautiful.
rob morrow : honestly, the challenges are fun, but just going on forever is so satisfying and relaxing.
panic its teddy : this game soothed my stress and it has beautiful graphics
sara plz : great time waster hehe really like the graphics and the background music!
jayveon brown : this game is really awesome i'm really good at it i love the graphics and the weather on the game thank you for making this game!
spooksyy exe : my fave thing to do is backflip, and i just got paz..... no backflips with him... maybe improve his flip speed a little
wong ba han : very nice graphic, nice soundtrack and landscape! totally immersive
joshua kimsey : awesome game! i hope this is kept updated so i can keep playing!
joanna higginbotham : this is one of the greatest games i've ever played!
evan halley : awesome game, great visuals, even the soundtrack is remarkably soothing.
imran khan : iam literally out of words., the gameplay is so calm & mesmerizing! great graphics minimalist design & the sound effects especially the storm ones are mind blowing... hands down best game on g-play store
tom knight : had proved multiple levels, unlocked other characters... update overnight and lose everything! it's a good game but without progress what's the point?!
anthone m : very beautiful graphics and no lag, just perfect.
c l : i like the game just wish that the coins could buy not only different power ups but costumes or something i wish that we were able to defend ourselves against the guy that's riding the horse
tom perun : this is a excellent game with beautiful graphics. highly recommend to all!
dan lee : please add more tricks. i liked the game so much. adding more tricks and stunts will be more satisfying.
brayden yoder : i've played it nonstop for the past two days.
jibby jeffs : everything about this game is spot on! music is soothing, graphics are perfect and gameplay is great.
justas valaskevicius : perfect game for short brakes even at work :) lovely game good graphic. nice job!!
thetops : one of the best game i have ever played. loved it's graphics and simplicity.
rigby the bear : reminds me of monument valley but, this game is way better, also its relaxing!
cayvn gaming : this is hands down one of the most beautiful and addicting games i've ever played
aditya gangwar : its an experience of a lifetime. the visual and sound effects are just overwhelming......although more stunts should be added...
corvida raven : really enjoyed the graphics and gameplay
eftihis hatzidakis : this game is one of the best out there. a must have!
lena rainbow : i can play it for hours! its so great, almost relaxing! amazing game
amirul anuar : i can now play on my zenfone2. fantastic!
vikas agarwal : the game is really awesome.. music graphics and everything, specially that day and night thing... :) but you should add some more stunts or tricks for the mid air which will made this game the best... !!
samuel chatman : finally a game that lives up to the description of being free!
luis bravo : graphics are 10/10 and sounds game play are all awesome!
karan gupta : u should not apply adds between the game ..it irritates a lot
yuki kot : i love the game! :) beautiful graphics and details , its always a pleasure to play it .
greg foley : this needs to make the editors choice list! very well made game!
chris hay : great gameplay, great visuals, soundtrack is very fitting as well
cole oday : this game is actually quite moving for a 2d platformer. i definitely recommend it to all!
karel pins : nice game. it will be more fun if you add more free styles.
nasrullah anwar : love the sound and art style. chilled out game.
tina : i would definitely recommend this game to others.love the graphic of it.
johnnos4 : game looks amazing, worth a try, beautiful layout and gameplay, love it
anex borja ii : this is one of my favorite game! smooth graphics! great app! i will recommend this to my friends!
toby harverd : someone please give me the beautiful music of this game! it's so relaxing
himanshu rathore : awesome work ... thank you for awesome game
glen barchan : perfect i love this game and it is really good to play when you need some time to waste
surrep titsless : point and click. nice graphics, gameplay is lackluster.
austin taylor : game has great graphics. its fun and addicting. can play all day
arghyadip maiti : love the gameplay and the graphics. the music is really good. overall it's an awesome game.
frederic mottiat : great little game, but wishing for account sync when playing on multiple devices
john mcclane : really high quality, but most importantly, great gameplay
michael stephens : this is what mobile games should be. simple but challenging, looks great too!
saif ahmed : cool take on the endless runner, stunning visuals, awesome and addicting gameplay
jason r. berry : very fun to play. and, the music is great. very pleasing to listen to.
nicolas cope : exceptional graphics, gorgeous sound, great game and i love the llamas. #-)
abhi : good game play when bored or stressed great mind relaxing and challenging game !
partha sarathy : realistic graphics and good theme. great time pass
kasam : very good game, workshop could do with more stuff
ruddie green : best feel-good game i ever played headphones recommended
venkatesan krishnamurthy : great graphics awesome gameplay cool bgm. has everything!!
bangas and mash : good gameplay, just when i got an update i lost all my progress.. i was lvl 12
jay watto : nice bgm and concept good game. makes me as a soft person
angela manning : i love this game! the graphics are beautiful. just amazing.
matthew scholes : so beautiful. perhaps one of the best ever.matthew
justin wilson : i have spent hours playing this game its so much fun!!!!
christopher haritos : really fun game, i just wish i could front flip
jason smith : i don't know what to say. i just love this game!
sachin deshpande : fantastic game. subtle graphics. gripping sound. low on disk space. overall blockbuster!
mia : easy and free to play game with amazing graphics and breathtaking artwork.
jay sardhara : superb game, graphics and storyline. why rate 1 star ?? because when i updated the game recently, i lost all my progress. please fix this.
rigoberto vigil : this is a diverting little game with a great aesthetic and unobtrusive ads.
jean pier harvey : my new favourite game, but please provide cloud support.
alan sabatino : a beautiful looking game, simple in play but plenty of fun
tayo johns : well developed game. great looking game that plays well and is easy to catch onto.
akshay dhyani : there should be a free run mode where i can select my weather.
meghan lendhe : overall the game is excellent but latest update has some bugs in the menu section
redbluepoison : i really like it... big fan of this game, live it too much!! good graphics, good gameplay.
paul : fun for an endless runner, i've played it more than i thought i would.
chris munoz : one of the best games out right now! but i would pay $5 to remove all the "watch this video" ads though.
toukir : i think that this game is best game because is looking like iphone's games
bloodboar vods : addicting and real fun when there's nothing to do
ramesh mundu : awesome game i love it good display awesome speed soo nice game challenge game.
chad doughty : this one surprised me
gab daylag : nice design and loving it so much.. this new concept is fun
peter clack : beautiful graphics, music. addictive game. need more games like this!
kira inman : i absolutely love this game it i'd probably one of the better ones i've seen and played
hashim ansari : amazing game. it should have graphics option to increase or decrease the game graphics.
david perkins : technically not a difficult game to learn but its just beautiful and mesmerising whilst playing it. love this game!
tech trinkets : high quality graphics ,superior gamepay,quick actions, delighting climate conditions ,,thanks for such a game really deserves 5 stars
lollipop and : but a bit boring
lil home invasion : if i could i would give it 6 stars it's gorgeous it's great game play
randy lebel : this needs a paid version rather than forcing people to watch ad videos if they crash.
asti fletcher : would definitely pay to remove ads though, pls make this an option
renchel aguiba : it has everything i want great graphics, gameplay and addictive, i recommend this game.
robert purje : brilliant graphics and music, only place where to progress in is more tricks and maybe customization
mohd haris : i must say.. finally i got something to play on my phone
elliot neal : wonderfully simple and blissfully satisfying. you need this in your life.
deepak chauhan : what i say of thus game's graphic very very better graphic
tom geyer : one of the most beautiful games i've played, awesome music as well
carlisaac nicolas : i wish mabey more variety to the areas like mabey making a desert mountain full of sand or snowboarding in a city
darius hampton : this is the way games were meant to be played
randy the unicorn : i absolutely love this game the graphics are amazing and i love llamas so this is a 5 star game now
midas : so glad you guys fix the black screen
nezar chikho : i liked it so much and best game ever played on the play store
dani rimo : i got bug yesterday, and know the bug is fixed, its cool
nils coe : the edition of the great piano music adds to an amazing atmospheric expeirence
sirenianjeans9 : this game is so relaxing and beautiful with the music and scenery. very well done to the creator.
hammuh. : very well made game can't wait for my update to get done loading
barry goonai : great graphics and sound plus no ads love it
manan bhatt : why there is so much of nights in this game....!!???? whenever i play it gets dark as it gets nignt in the game as if i'm colorblind... do something of it and i'll rate it better
jacob streeter : i have a zenfone 2 and was mad when i couldn't play thanks for fixing it!!
piyush pandey : it's just so much attractive and once u played this
wes hall : audio and visuals are quite impressive and beautiful. a thrilling yet relaxing experience.
luke bradley : possibly the best game i have played on a phone. it's perfect, don't change a thing.
aiden yt : so far this game is awesome! another fantastic job from noodlecakes
miguel : really great game! i love the graphics and gameplay.
rick decamara : relaxing and zen game. beautiful visually and solid play mechanics.
blake kelly : it would be better if you added more moves like 360 and then you would be able to combine backflip and 360
kholid khom : best game ever this game come from ad in my game theblockheads
micah lawrence : no constant asking for money. simple and fun. great poop game.
santeri holappa : crashes everytime i try to open it
kromess brate : scenic and action..that's all i love about it...but you can't see far enough to see what's coming especially if you're going fast..other than that great job..but please fix this atleast adjusting the distance view..
fahad rahman : relaxing and fun
sebster m : love this game, so much fun and doesn't get boring. good job!
sathya priyan : keep up the good work
luke foley : best endless runner no doubt best graphics best gameplay and very good gameplay must download app
nathaniel : very fun i played 8 hours
thelma ekoh : been play for more than two years i adore it
stephan tha don tv : love it takes my mind away from everything
shreif g : just wanted to say thank you and keep it that way
megastick : best game i ever play best graphics
gamingeddie1 : it has amazing graphics and it is just a m a z i n g
dinakar venkatesh yadav govindra : if other tricks are included then this this game is truly amazing
honey grace castaneda : even the character is small i like the concept and the style of the game
arben emini : needs some more options to jump
brian austin : simply stunning. another great app by noodlecake. #delicious
erick p : works great on samsung 5, first time installed.
kristopher amirault : well made. simple concept, but excellently executed.
aiden garner : its so fun and i love how your chasing lamas
a google user : would love to have cloud saving so i can continue on other devices
farzaan hemani : most awesome game ever plus great graphics
dnrj hudl : great games recommended to all my friends and they love it now too
young silverboy : amazing time killer and pretty challenging game! 5 stars only
xela sirhc : awesome. awesome. thanks you guys, the fixes have saved my marriage. i mean..... now i can play this on my phone and i'm happy.
aglie player : it smooth great controls but it fun in the end
anonymous : fast paced and thrilling gameplay once you get further in the runs
the nether -wolf : extremely beautiful game keep up the good work noodlecake
pan varsamis : really enjoyable game i just want more tricks guys
home security : addictive and fun easy gameplay love noodlecake studios
a.s. : had it on ipad and now on my s6.. guys you are the best
ann prendergast : college love it fun free amazing awesome
kris h : addictively simple. great mechanics, gorgeous graphics, and smooth gameplay.
sennum2hell : this game is amazing and i barly got it today i highly recommend this game no giltchs on my galaxy s6 the game is beautiful and sounds great the gameplay is just perfect
dr pain : feeling good when play it i love you altos
a google user : visually beautiful for a mobile game. horseman gets me every time lol
sid shingne : like the game very smooth game and very nice graphics playing again and again
jason ty : tupa chasm doesn't work on android
mayank sahu : please don't download it
sharrieff m : it's artsy, relaxing and fun at the same time!
adithya menon : truely well thought game... challenging with beautiful graphics and lovely backdrops....
ajmal ajmal : pls add manuall weather select option pls pls
jeremy petitte : if you like simple but addicting this is yhe game for you
anub's perspective : because it's like a runner game and it's also an action game wow the best
satishkumar elumalai : unable to login thru google play
abdulrahman saied : no comment only admiring
francisco bobadilla : waste of my time
john fernadad : crashing every time i open it
qaisar khan : please add some sound effects
shadows _85_ : alto is spanish for high
nicholas brown : you would love this game.
cats lover : this game is boring.
left blue : absolutely beautiful game. design is magical and gameplay is smooth!
kaviraj ki zubaani : this game is unique n makes u smile. it's like ur living a story (at least that's what i felt :-) )
kashauwn jenkins : can u please add tricks to it i want to see tricks and a multiplayer race that would be awesome please
nicholas kish : this game is certainly pussylicious... booty too
john freeman : the design reminds of monument valley.
michael tepes : very fun game. and i normally dont do reviews. youll like it..
ahbab siddiqui : great graphics, fantastic gameplay, full adventure, unlimited fun!
dr praveen rai : superb game with very decent graphics. game with treat to eye
davspas : amazing game, thanks for fixing it!
luca cammarota : thx a lot for making this app, is just amazing.
jan emir co : nice graphics, beautiful gameplay. i like it
hsing wu : lots fun to play! and never tried!
rohit biswas : the background music adds to the charm.
sniff cardozo : (read thru a mirror )
candico : it has very nice visuals but extremely similar to ski safari
iain ballard : fun and beautiful graphics, but it uses a lot of data.
rebecca h. : closes before it even opens
nicholas carey : visually wonderful. gameplay is easy but challenging. great game.
cody smith-cripps : simplistic gameplay and endless run makes for a gname which can absorb 5 minutes of downtime or hours of time you should be using for something else
praynella 2004 kris1970 : i like the grapichs! the characters are also good!
vivek j : addictive. really liked the ui and music.
kalpesh bhoir : soundtrack and graphics makes me play more and more! :)
zenaido luis : it has great graphics and fun to play
puffle candy : i am really in love with alto's adventure. great game.
eitan : good time waster while sitting at the doctor's office
red mounsey : it is so much fun but it drains your battery so fast
joven : i just love the graphics! it's very funny to play.
nita kinanti : thank you for fixing problem on asus devices
manai angh : totally love the music , provides relaxation . awesome .
a google user : very fun and unique game recommend it to anyone
jakub patek : really nice looking game with enjoyable gameplay...and music.
ialexi : after 5 minutes doesn't work. just loads till d first screen (where the name appears).
ali kh : great game,perfect everything thanks a lot.
lizeth landa : it's a simple yet awesome game! great graphics!
j -w : wow! so relaxing and calming. awesome music
alexandre lepretre : beautiful graphics, excellent gameplay, relaxing music, no "pay to win" policy. it's a must-have.
ariadani dwi fathurahman : great game! you must play it.
aaron tribbitt : the music is soothing.
trisha lee : good graphics, hours and hours of fun!
karandeep padam : great music, awesome graphics & wonderful concept
pranav kuchimanchi : one of the most visually stunning games.
aleksandar prinzevski : graphics 8 (2d) music 8 gameplay 10
elias neel : nice atmosphere, great style, and amazing gameplay!
artur borovik : nice game to spend time when waiting for something.
scott hegarty : it's fun, runs smoothly, looks beautiful
charizardsushii : backflips and grinds. hasnt gotten old yet.
bhartesh nare : amazing graphics amazing gameplay beautiful music
bobby alcordo : i was looking for shooting but when i saw this i really wanted to play it one of the best games
mikko surla : simple gameplay, amazing graphics!
samantha burton : great game with lovely graphics.
tharshan kejandran : th pause screen is not the screen resolution for my phone
m radya aqsa rheznanda : yess the graphics, music, gameplay n all in this game are truely amazing ! good job for u guys :d
flynn armstrong : i love this game. great music, amazing design and fun goals
brianna travis : great music great controls great graphics great game
max sternberg : please. otherwise a fantastic game.
rishabh dubey : mesmerising game. awestruck by the artwork of it
morethanmoral : top 5 best mobile apps of all time.
a google user : its an awesome and fun game to play i recommend it to every one who enjoy and love playing casual games on android
jose manuela buitrago rivera : i love it, i am addict to this game and is the best!!!
sayesiva v k : i love this game a lot. screenplay is awesome. good music too. a good game of year.
mukund meshram : graphics are nice, elements and pace of game really good
gurinder kumar : beautiful game. i never play this type of game.
paul negrete : nice visual and gameplay. now working on zenfone 2
gay anime : really the best endless runner out there. actually addicting.
the king : this game is so awesome!!
korbyn bryan-rodriguez : can't get in the game always kicks me out
diego alva : awesome game, great graphics
a google user : as with "ready, steady...", minimalist design, good design sense and flawless gameplay. on my huawei p8 lite, the android ui can be seen behind the game when running. could you look into this ? thanks!
lima bean : beautiful game and so fun and simple!!! definitely recommend!
viridian foil : it's working now, thanks!
delphian ramadhan : addictive and challenging once u play it
john staples : i'm not a huge fan of runner type games at all..this game is fantastic 100%
melissa b : the greatest game since flappy bird because... it's addictive
jordan koh : really lovely graphics and no intrusive ads!
prathamesh deshkar : such a beautiful game nice graphics it's a fantastic game
alberto santiago : this game is extremely fun and nice!
greg smith : good graphics, levels make it more addicting
sakthi kiruthika : give us some work many. make it more interactive.
fahad ahmad : love the sounds and the environment. nicely done!
cameron mendoza : great graphics, easy to learn hard to master
lucas raheb : its awsome like cheese cake with wip cream.
pedro castellanos : there's a lot to do for little mb
mano krissh : good music,gaming levels too
andy denial : good god, this is a perfect game.
individualsoul production : cannot play this game as i can oly c black boxes and fonts are also black please run on bluestacks and check if it runs
gavin o'leary : this game is absolutely gorgeous and i love the music and the sound effects but when you unlock all the characters are there going to be endless challenges to keep us going or will there be updates to add more challenging things on the mountain and more characters?
ezaz ahammed : one of the most beautiful game on the play store
vishwajeet singh : one of the best android game please try it
ichsan fachri hakim : the graphic and environment are amazing and incredible
dhaval purohit : simple yet very modern graphics
bayu ody : love it so much
bailey patterson : i love the music and the graphics are amazing
rohan vaze : i like the game because it have great think
cheddaguap : love how everything flows
christian presley : best game ever challenge adventure and relaxing
samtani pradeep : beautiful graphics soothing music
adam somai : graphics are great also i feel happy playing it
ilham hafizi : keep doing a great game like this
je 21 : get this the music is awsome so is the gameplay
a google user : got a beautiful game after long time...so much relaxing and soothing..just loved it!
ba kong : no black screen anymore
nathan bird : super fun, great quality, and endless fun!
jordan garcia : easy to learn, easy to master. lots of fun and replayability.
mrityunjay besra : good graphics.. awsum game
michael cates : this is a beautiful app with great graphics and music. this is truly beautiful.
nerid perera : but sometime play hanky panky
varun choksi : tops in all the aspects...outstanding graphics, fantastic concept, lovely music...exceptionally well put.!!!
saurabh rai : love playing this game.. nthng bt a mst play game.
law : this game deserves a 5 star
nica madalina : one of the most beautiful games i have ever played!
tetsuo shima : best distance game i've played in a longtime
alejandro jaramillo : great graphics, design and easy to control, i like it..
justine reiner : its great the controlls the mechanics the graphics!!!!! i have just one request.... make us do tricks :)
jojomc0306 : great graphics,great music, and very adictive
shubhankar shukla : very easy & cool game .. graphic are cool .. must play
sophia coleman : its smooth and cool and amazing just get it!
akshat : thats all i have to say
sandeep p s : good graphics and bgm.
eddie rodriguez : the in game ads... would have gladly paid $3 like on ios
kagetane hiruko : i like the view , the challenge ... somehow being chased feels awesome !! :)
deacon felton : this game is perfect! only thing is settings don't load for me?
visruth raj : smooth functioning. no lags at all
rahul rk : exiciting. good gameplay
soumak bhattacharya : good graphics & great timekiller..
dimas donny : devs, can u make it less battery consuming? just wandering....
karim daredia : #simple #fullonridewithalto #meetwithmaya #wowgame
sye co : i love this game its the best game i ever played.
qais abdullah : awesome game, simple and beautiful.
tune beast : wonderful game with minimal graphics.the audio effects are good
jesus fuller : i like the dynamic of the game
jeramiah bronkhurst : this is sooo fun i love it
chailon'e nickens : its an amazing game with awesome graphics
adamya paretha : easy to learn great design
srimoy chatterjee : one of the greatest games for the android device
faraz : such a beautiful game with pleasant music
idiotic glitch : play a lot really good game
abhishek mukherjee : the colors and design elements are just lovely
jeff howard : good times had by all
enggit a : this is my good game
dayanand vindurthi : it is cool than other games
kiran arshi : it is a good in it there is so fun
austin howells : this game is super fun and amazing
angels vlogs : it has grate graphics
vishnu dayal : the background music is awesome
abdulsamet dursun : turkish matter if the game 5 stars
sunil hada : lovely and smooth, lovin it
luiz moraes : awesome graphics. addictive game
a google user : this game is very addictive
muhammad izzudin : excellent gaming, loves a weather and situation game
anthony daniele vella : there isn't any option to cloud save the game progress.
mia g : this game is beautiful and great. i love it . i love backflipping, front flipping, and everything! it is really beautiful. i play it all the time. you did a good job making it. this is my favorite game all time! i love how it does day and night too. it is beautiful. but it is a great game! it is also really calming and relaxing. this game should be one of the games for the year! i love it great job
stephen farquhar : ... and is loaded with constant endgame advertising prompts.
madhu mathew : update - normally it will take a week to get a reply from you guys but yesterday i knowed about this game and from reviews i learned how awesome it is...... now i can play this game in my zenfone 2. you deserve more stars than this i am sure and today's my birthday it is great gift from you developer. i really appreciate your time and effort behind this game...... keep it up guys..... again thanks for giving us a wonderful game......
ajith kumar : it's cool game
muharraphli : thank you developers love ya!! hahaha
david hernandez : for a follow back my insta is http.david.x
eyal katz : masterpiece. best game seen in a long time.
mehul rana : totally addicted!
shoichi catal : being simple is art. a very nice game worth playing.
charithmania : best game ever ! nice graphics!
gina threet : it is fun and addictive the graphics are amazing it never freezes i highly recommend this gane to others:)
nathan collins : amazing game, was expecting less
sanju das : super advanture game i love this game.
hunter bradford : fun game with lots of goals to accomplish
joel pascual : seriously beautiful game... very addictive.
richard yin : i liked this game more than i thought i would
darrell lewis : i play this ish everday
a google user : fantastic game and beautifully designed!
harsh ambastha : beautifully rendered. literally love it
kate mccann : amazing addictive game, love it
gina hoppis : omg. you have to try this one....fun for all ages. great graphics, very well done!!!
nate brogan : the music is very great.
mohammed zeeshan : excellent game ,,graphic and sound track
ajit singh sandhu : game is excellent no problems awesome interface nice theme easy to play really fun good to pass time but it need more things in the workshop to make game more fun
havel the rock : what is a proximity backflip? how would you expect me to know what that is?
sarah berkhout : this is so addicting, and very beautiful... a must have :)
stefen tjipta bsd city : thx now i can play in zenfone2
alyis wilson : this game is so fffuuuunnnn
waka bout : this is literally the best game i have ever played. i'm serious. this is the first game i've really liked fantastic
kamu : awesome game 10/10 i could listen to the music all day
danuel lindale : for now.
strange music : but i've lost my all progress all though i signed in to my google account...!!!
liam turley : this is a beautiful time wasting app.
clash gamer : keep going that's game amazing
nikolay gradinarov : great game, simple but so beautiful
anica cruz : it's really fun catching all the alphas
kanad p : superb graphics n beautiful, yet simple game play...
enrique de haro : beautifully designed game! easy and addicting!
eneo pajo : soo calm and smooth and relaxing. love it
rocky russell : love the fluid and artistic game design.
abhi : one of the best game on android and ios
8-bit acid : this is the best mobile game possible
naresh guye : nice game and graphics are very good
mac : i love this game it is very interesting
prashant bhardwaj : sound and music is soo good and delightful
suren : amazing ui and good game to play with
gavyn jackson : most beautiful game ever
hydz mapa : good graphics tho
guy bickerton : this game is amazing recommend it to anyone
evil netch : great game with even better graphics
purv monani : a very different endless game
logen kumar : the game is really amazing
cameron mcelhaney : great game beautiful graphics
ghandy tacuri : fun to play and easy
moy lira : is just beautiful and good made
graeme longair : brilliant game easy but brilliant
ankit singh : game was awsome if gameplay was smooth
matthew rambo : beautiful graphics and great gameplay
gareth hendrikse : good graphics and fun to play
mo assafiri : this game is so cool
adrian price : this is a really great game
rohit samanta : lovely game its very addicting
zu 123 : the best game in the world
sam hodgkinson : absolutely excellent game, such a beautiful design
mimi jenkins : love the music. very addicting and relaxing
dheeraj divakar : great game.. great graphics.... love it... when i was downloadin this game there was only one download done and i was the second... but as soon as i started playing this game i found my decision downloading this game was on the right track... so addictive that unlocked almost all characters and still playing... a game for every age... go on... download this... its worth downloading!
abimanyu sajeesh : its great...graphics is ....wordless..just play itt
rizqi raiz : please fix it always stuck after title...on my zen 4s asus...after update still wont go... nice review now i can play it...thanks for your beautiful hardwork
ojas gupta : superb graphics..... soothing background sounds.... awesome gameplay and captivating environment..... in a nutshell ab ideal game...
bhavin trivedi : great graphics and a very relaxing game
mik3y : atmospheric, cool, free, and plays good...... well done guys u get my 5*s
r.v.raj kumar : it's super game for all
nikl : this game need more update.
unnikrishnan appukuttan : beautiful art work and simple game play.
elang : i like time , *night , day , afternoon* and weather
samuel g : the pause menu doesnt load so i have to restart the app everytime i press it in order to play
dhruv singhal : nice challenges.
ikoi {they call me fishy} : really cool, love playing!
ariel shimoni : great game! design - 5/5 challenge - 4/5 gameplay - 5/5 overall 4.5/5 a definite recommend!
roberto rendon : i have 47,065 no lies i just want to know whats the record for the game.
stuart mathers : after update all my data and progress has reset
manjeet singh : please add... 1) reward or benefits after completing a level... 2) more power or gadgets... 3) llamas saved reward or prize... 4) setting button while in journey....5) add skip mission key permanently in goal section... thank you for small in size yet interesting game
gregorio munoz : it won't let me play it goes to the title screen then goes to my home screen
ananda v : could improve the stunts...
pratik : graphics and music are just amazing ...a really nice game..
randolph vusi w dube : so irritating to have not be able to transfer progress from one device to another.
jayson murphy : awesome graphics easy to play
suresh s : i love the game
raj yadav : it's very nice game....! i love it
shreyas kumar : it is so beautiful an application.
paul ridler : most beautiful graphics in a game.
cristina cuevas : nice graphics and it play's smooth
vibhu pandey : easy and interesting.
aryan tyagi : worth it.
the two dudes podcast : mesmerizingly beautiful in every way.
ppb dora : excellent game with pleasant settings.
robert alvarez : great game
thomas smith jr : simple and great.
mohamed radwan : amusing, loved it very much
meghraj parbat : great graphics... a must try...
turboturtle x : i love the gameplay and artstyle, but could you please add different outfits and characters?
alok kumar singh : simple and beautiful game.
adam heim : beautiful graphics a lot of fun.
bryan candiliere : nice graphics and environments.
rahul vishnoi : the graphics are quite good.
david f. esp : it dose not work please fix
atul sahare : the most awesome graphics.
nathanael soarota : the graphics is very cool.
mehedi hasan : easy to play, lots of fun
fantom dragon : it's best game
a google user : good sound efforts, graphics, bg music... loving it
pete kennedy : this is definitely an awesome game. download it asap!!
toto og : good game, addicting, and crazy fun to play:)
alex iordanov : so glad it's finally here!
keenan boyd : just recently lost my progress as well on my nvidia shield tablet.
manuela nieves : his game is awesome
bunty wadhwani : clean and nice game....this game makes your mood....the background music is so relaxing
jeremie chotrow : very fun, very addictive!!
max dillon - travis : lots of fun...gorgeous, ambient and addictive!! :)
dayne vreskua : when you break this game down...you are on a snowboard...going down...a mountain...covered in snow...littered with villages...chasing llamas...being chased by old guys...while jumping...flipping...and grinding...all while gazing upon true simplistic beauty.....then falling on your face...awesome.
x : see for yourself.
finnjamin button : it's lit fam
yap vincent : die with hidden rock which same color with trees.
mark jackson : visually stunning. simple fun.
anthony r. : my fave game. but the iphone version gets extra items in the shop than android.:(????
- the vbe - : loved it !! + the background music n everything's
otto linnanmaki : graphics=10/10 music/sounds=10/10 controls/gameplay=10/10 what can i say. best. game. ever.
_ ayoitsvic _ : this game is awesome i have no trouble with it but the key point of the game is interesting why llamas?
bethany bremer : i love this game. i play it every day. it's awesome
keane. : fun and addicting but maybe add a front flip pls and 5 star if u add ragdoll physics....()/~
lee_gandhis_nuts : it's easy to play
vaisakh m s : superb game. loved everything about it.
dima green : well designed and great ui!
animesh jaiswal : they improved it. it's fun to play now.
jeffrey jung : great game to kill time
paul andrei m. padernilla : adveture time ski safari is better than this yeahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!! awesome dude the creator of this game is a cool guy!!!!!!!! i want some updates!!!!! booyahhh!
ashirbad jena : everything is good... n different from other games... deserve 5 star...
theresa hammer : it's relaxing, and beautiful, and just fun!
pearlson : gud job fixing it. great game!!!
a google user : unable to jump chasm and then game freezes. any tips?
annisa firdha i. : calming and addicting (y)
nate bunn : didn't think android made these types of games
misu acs : awsome game ign 10/10 lol.
chad white : whenever i sign in to google play it disables my jump and the only way to fix it is to uninstall and reinstall
benjamin kvamme : i really enjoy this game thank you and good job
aniket mohite : music and artwork is great..thumbs up
pastor david cruz : it's very fun!
antonio torres : force closes every time i try to play it.
kumar raja : addicted to it great game........
nikhil muzumdar : simple and beautiful.. no adds.. perfect
paul pj connolly : best game play!
boby fishr : my kid loves this game!!
hamza bamashmus : menu needs to be fixed when paused
dinesh s : this is a simple and awesome game loved it...
jeevraj yadav : awesome graphics and sound....
hitesh kataria : something new, loved it.
seth walters : a lot of fun!
sak styn : good music & sounds. awesome
dan sherwood : will change this back to 5 star when it's sorted!!!
jullyan rahendra : great graphic and great gameplay!but still have bug,,
ape peace : but, how long alto need to travel just to get his ilama?
otis hare jr : it's finally on android... favorite game!
kevin toerien : awesome and addictive!!!!
amanda hagedorn : awesome app but i can't jump please!!!!but awesome app i love it download!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sagnik paul : loving it!!!! the soothing gameplay...with the scenic beauty and the music...
suyash varshney : beautiful graphics and soothing sound.....
nookaraju indana : fantastic game ....ever felt like that....
tim browning : ... to jump the chasm in the training at the start??!!!
shadelz : great game, beautiful and fun
cyrus : loved it so much..:')
c h : very calming...
benjamin macdavid : this game rocks and it has amazing graphics, but maybe more stunts??? ?_?
tom briggs : great game
a google user : enjoy the graphic and music!
vince cy l. : beautiful game and it is free!
robert hinaman : the game continues to black out if you don't do anything.. prevent screen timeout while playing the game!
vinu thakkar : lags on my phone
hunter halstrom : very simple and fun.
christian datu : can you add a little more feature on this game? like a challenge or race with time :)
robert keedick : indeed a work of art.
daniel ionita : it's simply wonderful
so ny : what's this? couldn't enjoy even for a day. uninstalled
ibrahim rajiwate : this game work in zenfone 2...........
monique ruby : it's so
l : it is very nice game i enjoy this game.....
nathan choi : but why can the characters can only do blackflips?
gabriel maddern : only phone game i play
bala jacob : but soo small screen resolution
vishnu renjith : loved it!!!!
rajendra ray : love this game :)
torrentx 2.0 : game of the year!!!
pandu chakra : awesome game...love it
seth low : freaking black screen???!!!!!
joshua chrosniak : beautiful gameplay. smooth.
gaurav oli : awesome graphics :)
will hall : beautiful scenery!!!!!!
pavis kanchanadusade : it's not free in appstore, but it' free here in googleplay!!!... there's a glitche in the pause window though, fix pleaseeeeeee
henrique neves : bug on the fuc*ng tutorial
andrei milik : great graphics!!!
elleen maurier : love this game!!!
aflatan : cant see in the dark?????
eduardo he : this game is relaxing
a google user : great fun and stunning graphics
elwyn lee-mitchell : needs more tricks
kanishk pratap singh chauhan : love the sound work
derek m : very addictive
chris d : looks beautiful and is addictive fun
fallen servant : so impressive and so beautiful
a google user : excellent graphics and great gameplay
henry vinoth : best gaming experience ever
simon wang : nice graphics and gameplay
matija brkic : cool for 10 mins lol
abk : simple and fun
a google user : has a peaceful vibe
khaled 1 : and great graphics
mahender singh : music is good
bharadwaj s : simple mechanics awesome game
onvsskrishna teja samanthala : hmm good game interesting
miroslav valkovic : high data usage, what for? otherwise great game.
kristijan glavanovic : great game.
brad dey : decent waste of time
jason meyer : great time waste
bie : cool. tnx.
rahul chaurasia : nice graphics...
aditya y : a thing of beauty
a google user : nice to the point of addiction
adam zier-vogel : gorgeous but too repetitive
adi deo : best thing ever
jitesh chaudhari : loved it!!!!
uh : do i need to say more?
fear of : boring
fmnauf : addicted to a memory
karla villarreal : loved it so fun
sam : love this game
a google user : most addictive game
ninja ring : wonderful 2d graphic
dadrick burse : this game is beautiful
jugert metani : this game is good
lawrence korankye : best to be download
jeremiah : great game
wesley knights : it highly addictive
a google user : nice graphics and gameplay
hawks marines : loving it
sankar ganesh : good music and graphics
nicholas norfleet : this game is beautiful
antonio pacheco : it was preety cool
akash mourya : really love it superrrrb
sampath js : mind blowing
heyu : so addictive
himanshu gupta : great game
varun mahajan : i uninstalled the game. when i reinstalled it, i signed in with the previous google account associated with the game, but it still reset all missions and characters. help?
erick herrera : i love this
colin robertson : simple yet addictive
rkg : addictive and awesome
teodora scepanovic : the best
febrianto danu : guys, how to land proximity backflip?
brian caito : this is like wow ........
marcell williams : the elder is way op
alex vinyar : very clean game
tem production : this game rocks
thekidwonder : put front flip
austin jennings : thank you for listing
vijay h.m. : good graphics
carolynn bass : so addictive
vgamer tv : graphics are stunning
visuzo rhakho : it is fun
jessica thomas : fun and challenging
shivam kheronia : love this game
ngn juice : fun and addicting
antonije mihajlovic : pretty good
mohamed ahmed : amazing graphics
mangal : addictive
darshan s.r : beautiful and soothing
laurie mincey : great graphics
rai gurung : awsome game
jacob bechara : great game
arpit verma : fun and awesome
learn yourself mahematics : great game
rohan r : good graphics
james gray : great game
letuta : love the ui
sudhir meher : simple and fun
kayla marie hernandez : great game
ninh nguyen : can i get my progress back? i did sign in to google play.
honey frog : the screen is not black no more!!!
sunny bansode : awesome and smooth
tanush shukla : black rock black graphics in night?
manuel apayo : cool
bineet panda : addictive
juzer manyari : addictive
adnene tmi : cool
rev. raju cheeran : it's superbbb
derrick ross : ok-ish
catra evan : classic gameplay
matt cook : had this game synced with google play games. had to reformat my phone, installed google play games then this game, signed in and got my stats back but not my game progress. have to start from the beginning again even though i made it to level 22.
fi l : its exactly the same as ski safari with maybe more artistic graphics but less to do. even the level up star system is the same. and jumps over holes can't be made unless you have the right amount of speed but since you never know how much speed you need at a given point and you don't know when the holes are coming it's really just random luck if you pass them.
michael guerra : this game is great. it is visually appealing. i enjoy the music. the sound effects of the boarder are realistic and make me miss snowboarding. i have one suggestion. if a player crashes right before a jump/chasm, and chooses to continue from that spot, there is no forgiveness. 100% of the time the player will plummet into the chasm at the start. this should be fixed so that the player actually gets a fair continue.
jc cc : i seen this game i thought it looked like a game i might like it.i was right it's a fun game and addicting i started yesterday and now i can't stop playing the game it is so awesome the noodlecake games the information also play more of your games i stared the day before i wrote this and i've been playing since and yall people who think this is a good game you are write so please get it its a so amazing it's good to which the trailer first
jeremy schmuland : this is just an awesome game with excellent visuals and gameplay. would be 5 stars except for the fact that progress doesn't continue across devices so i feel like i'm starting over every time i switch between my phone and tablet. residually considering everything is maxed out on one but not the other.
bhargav emani : best game ever in sky diving sport. it's not just like sky diving.. music gives u a pleasure to play more.. levels and goals are fun to complete them. good graphics. clean interface. glad to be one of the first few downloaded people of this game it took me time to review this. good game .
micah patterson : the game is fun and advertisements are purely optional but it seems the physics are a little messed up. not sure if bug out intentional. sometimes jumping over a crevasse is easy, other times you won't make even the small ones and you sink like a stone. overall pretty fun game. good for about 3 or 4 hours.
ori goldenberg : you get an insane amount of paid commercials, spam and ads. i ended up watching more ads than actually playing it. so sad seeing a company that created a great game, being driven so much by money that they're willing to sacrifice the enjoyment of the game.
isidor schoch : the game looks really great and gameplay is solid and simple. the only negative is that the game slightly stutters every few seconds (usually when there's a lot on screen). as this is a 2d game i'm pretty sure it's not my phone's fault (it has a snapdragon 801). maybe you could try to optimise it a bit more if that's possible. either way great work!
a google user : it's very rare that you come across a game that is simple, challenging, and visually beautiful. alto's adventure is all three of these things. very easy to pick up and play, with a wide field for skilled players to improve on their previous plays and increase scores, and on top of all this the visuals are stunning. i would highly recommend this game to anyone.
mirko gradski : it's almost relaxing to play this. just watch out for rocks. easy on the eyes and very soft background music put the finishing touches on presentation for this one. like a minimal robot unicorn but not nearly as fast paced. will pay for a full version/final version of there is one. i'm using a moto x pure.
dustin henning : i love the game, fun and simple with amazing art direction. i have a few minor complaints though. if the workshop and character selects could have links from the post run screen, that would be nice. and maybe i missed it but at first i had no clue what the coins were for because the workshop was so hard to find. besides that i love how the ads are totally optional and out of the way, and that there really isn't any expensive premium content. so far i've played about 4 hours of this game and am loving it.
chris k : this is a superb endless runner (well ski-er) with all you would want. nice visuals, achievable challenges and new characters that are unlocked without paying. in-app not at all needed unless you want to double your coins or buy coins that can be earned. seriously worth giving it a go. i have been hooked!
christopher willis : i don't like endless runners but something about this game is different. maybe it's the wondrous music. or perhaps it's that there are other little goals to attain rather than just a high score. and the setting is relaxing and beautiful all at once. whatever it is, i'm hooked.
jair bryant : great, quirky game. awesome incentives but one problem. about 1 time out of 5 when i opt to continue my run by watching an ad, my screen goes blank and i can't do anything at all. hopefully the creator can resolve this problem quickly and easily as i want everyone to see this game for how it is
b0ssman72 : talk about an animal murder simulation. what did these poor helpless lamas ever do to cause you to kill them. you are forced to take your snowboard at 200 mph and totally murder them. if you look close you can see your character seeing wearing the fur of the lamas he has murdered.
malve akhil sharan : everything part of this game is beautiful. those day night transitions and the weather changes are breath taking. music, well it gives this game life. sorry i never looked deep into the gameplay because the other aspects kept me going on.
amit patel : i cannot give this game enough praise: fluid and enjoyable gameplay, superb soundtrack, amazing environment and i adore the whole day/night cycle - such a clever addition. this is honestly one of the best things i've ever downloaded - credit to the team at noodlecake for putting together something truly special.
jake : i got this game around 2 days ago, and so far it's been great. the art style is cool and the physics and everything works nice. although i would love to see more things you can use you coins with. hopefully that's coming in the future but overall great game :)
jesse villarreal : very similar to other slope games but better art direction. also reminds me of the old school ski game with the yeti chasing you. i do wish there were more things to spend your gold on, like maybe speed or something.
medusa yuk : i don't review games often and i'm not a massive fan of one-touch gaming but i had to leave a comment here because this game is pretty close to being perfect. the controls (tap to jump, hold to flip) are good, it has a gorgeous visual aesthetic, beautiful musical accompaniment, and absolutely nails the 'just one more go' thing. there's enough to do in terms of game progression etc to keep you coming back for more. there's no intrusive or aggressive purchase demands. it's a lovely, lovely game and it deserves your attention. highly recommended.
eto gabashvili : i played this on ipad a lot and been waiting for a long time to have it on android. i love the visual style and it's very hard to put it down and stop playing. i like that it's free, the ads don't bother me at all. it's been a few days and i unlocked all the characters and saved up enough coins for future content!
shaun siau : a great game with gorgeous design language that is just amazing. controls are simple (tapping and holding) and movement is very fluid. glad that the android version is finally here, and there is no visible lag or annoying ads (other than those you choose to view). amazing implementation!
tubz inator : this is a really good game. i think there could be more to it but i could wait. i think there should be a multiplayer mode were u can race against others and bet on who gets 1st, 2nd, or 3rd out of a four person race. it could go up to like 100 max coins to bet. there could also be perks in the game like a higher jump or lives per game/percentage chance of being able to go again without watching a video or paying. other than that great game.
curtis murphy : first i would like to thank the devs for fixing the issue where the game would hang or crash after the title screen. however i lost all of my progress (despite being logged in to play games) after the latest update. i had amassed a good number coins and unlocked one new character only to be presented with the starting tutorial after installing the update. great game (one of my favorites ever) very fun and quite rewarding... or at least it was rewarding.
gwyn d'mello : simple enough in concept, with the real edge being in the beautiful animation for the levels and the music with it. not to mention this is the first smartphone game i've seen with dynamic weather patterns and day/night cycle, that even carries over into the menu screen. love!
uknown uknown : atmospheric, addictive, and mesmerizing as you play an endless running skier. provides relaxation and a small challenge. only ads i've seen so far has been connected with respawning the skier at a prior place. controls and music are stellar. been waiting for this game ever since the apple release!
jordan skiver : i normally hate mobile games and don't enjoy them at all. usually they are unoriginal and lack any fun factor at all. though the concept of this game is not original. the art style is and the fact the game doesn't really require you to make micro transactions which is awesome. best mobile game out there in my opinion. i can't put it down.
brenden young : i absolutely love this game. it's beautiful graphics and one touch game play keep me hooked and coming back for more. please have constant updates and add-ons. my only complaint is it seems almost impossible most times to escape an elder purely from speed.
a v : i like these genres and this one is very well made except the challenges to lvl up i wish they gave you money and also more power ups would be good and last but not least more types of obstacles would be nice, i hope you improve the game in other ways and keep doing a good job.
nicholas tantardini : the camping guy that follows you jumped out of nowhere and it was st night time so i did the know what hit me, also that guy is unavoidable because he runs faster than you. and the speed bonus you get leaves little or no room for getting away. also at night time the rocks are very hard to see often too small and covered by trees that are of the same color. (this is a problem if you are color blind like me) overall good game for being new..
grant johnson : didn't realize such a good looking game could be so not fun and frustrating. either build an atmosphere game where i get to do cool tricks without worrying about crashing every time i backflip, or build a serious slope runner where the layout is consistent and i get rewarded for mastering the game and its mechanics. also find a better way to monetize ads ruin the flow of the run and the aesthetic
sparks : bugs i've caught so far include: a label of a completed achievement at the bottom of the screen ( as though you just unlocked them) these don't go away until restarting the game, not gaming breaking though. the next is a game breaking bug; i had randomly tapped the restart screen and upon starting my next ride i could not trigger jumping , i could still interact with the screen but not jump.
vadim adel : i gave the game another chance after first being turned off by the ads. good that they are voluntary and would be even better if you could pay for no ads at all. i did buy the coin doubler to support the devs. other than that it's a beautiful game like others have said!
i am groot : the moment i started playing this game i fell in love with it. it is so simple yet so beautiful, it's artistic, amusing, relaxing, enjoyable, great, and i can't believe it completely free! the soundtrack is beautiful and the sound effects are brilliant, especially the thunders. when i put my headphones on i thought it was raining outside until i figured the sound was coming from the game. thanks so much for this beautiful game!
stephen gunter : but almost impossible to quit. fun for a couple of minutes. after playing for about 5 minutes and getting bored, i tried to quit for a couple of minutes then gave my phone to my wife and she finally figured out that if you put the phone to sleep, it wakes up with the task manager button available. pressing the button and turning it off from there is the only way we figure out to exit the game! uninstalling.
collin helmers : this is seriously a beautiful game, up there with monument valley and limbo. unfortunately, i'm a huge fan of adventure time's ski safari, and it just doesn't stand up to the gameplay. fully ending the run after one fall makes you never try to backflip, i can get much higher scores playing gingerly, which is just no fun. adventure time's lets you fall but there's something to outrun, giving you an actual reason for the speedboost. this game is about jumping and sliding, backflipping is fun, but not encourag
andrei lipoczi : everything about it. music atmosphere design. its... amazing. honestly the best endless runner out there. the only thing i don't like is the type of ads used. they're a bit obnoxious, and ruin the atmosphere if i choose to watch one, but i guess the devs can't control everything. 5 stars, love it.
dave colgate : more games need to be like this. no invasive adverts, stunning musical score, breathtaking artwork and easy, addictive game play. great game and difficult to put down. the objectives are challenging but not impossible which provides a positive sense of progress. something many games miss completely.
paul amamoo-otchere : "the bug that caused the game to hang on a black screen after the title" is still persistent. i was able to play for a while after yesterdays update, but seems after connecting google game account its back. i use a 4gb ram zenphone 2
rich : great game with good graphics with it being the arcade game it is. reminds me of a childhood computer game 'line rider' but with premade courses! only thing i would ask for is a different upgrade power to allow you to do flips quicker for better trick combos. other than that excellant game
luke iles : fun game with great graphics and smooth gameplay, but not much to do other than admire the scenery while grabbing coins... a suggestion would be to link the number of llamas you catch to something other than points; possibly coins or future collectibles/upgrades. additional obstacles and unlockables/upgrades along with new soundtracks for different atmospheres would significantly increase enjoyment as well! still, one of the absolute best casual games i've played!
josh de gruchy : good game, incredibly addicting. only problem with it is that i can't see it that well when it turns night. probably just a fault of my own because i don't have my brightness cranked. however, it would be cool to have the option to stay daylight (whether that be through in-app purchases or an unlockable with game credits).
maximiliano vique : really addicting, doesn't shove ads down my throat after every play. the only time they show ads is if you want to earn extra coins. game is entertaining and has lots of challenges to keep you occupied.
ian gray : on my sgs6. seems to be less mainstream devices having issues. keep it installed and wait for updates. it reminds me of a ton of other ski games but very smooth game play and modern graphics. simple controls make this fun to play and hard to put down.
hunter crowton : this game is wonderful. the graphics are simple but gorgeous. the gameplay is easy and fun. the whole atmosphere, from lamas to snow boarding down a mountain is amazing. this game is just wonderful! if i had any complaints, i would ask for a skier option and maybe a flashlight for night, but that's it. spectacular job!
piyush chandrakar : i rarely rate any app or game but i must say this is the best game i ever found in play store.. developers its a request please keep it free of any charges and ads.. newbie can play and master it....
stance of dance : this game is extremely fun and its downloads have shot up, since i had saw a recommendation of the brand new game and being the first in the first thousand to download it i still have it and love the relaxation and graphics of it too. :-)
witono : not a new concept, but nicely polished and designed for both graphics and levels. one feedback though, the physics of building up speed on slopes and ice doesnt seem to make any sense.. not sure if its the programmer's decision to make the game more fun or is it just laziness to get it right.
a google user : this is the first game i've wanted to go out of my way to rate, and i don't normally rate anything. the simplicity of this game and general structuring is very well executed, and there are no ads! which is a big thing these days and its free, you don't even need to purchase any in game upgrades to be able to have mass amounts of enjoyment out of this, i believe this game is on its way to become viral if this game is practically left as it is. please don't ever put ads on this game or its a 1>5
iza manaick : sometimes, after reviving by watching an ad, the screen goes blurry, you see your character fly up and onto snow from the chasm below, and the game just does not load. it remains blurry until i restart the game.
jose e. benavidez : i've had this game and it's a fun yet simple side scrolling game that's easy to get use to. it can be addictive and challenging though. you'll often industry your self angry anything your self for missing a obstacle though. there is a minor glitch on the pause menu though. fix it and it would be 5 stars
orlando shim-hue : so relaxing love the change of weather. when i pause the game its actually relaxing to listen to the rain. graphics are clean and smooth. really enjoy playing this. and love how the scene/ track is not always predictable. sometimes i hit the rocks because i'm paying attention to the scenery :-) i have a nexus 7 2013 btw works well on it no issues at all.
katja : i've played this game before and i loved it so much, but now when i downloaded it in my own phone, i experienced some difficulties. first of all, it is impossible to pass the first level because of the chasm. it is too long and there is no way to jump over it. next, i am unable to access the store on the first level, so i am unable to try to upgrade anything. enabling people to use the store might make it easier to complete the chasm jump. other than those two problems, this is an amazing game.
enrique rodriguez : everything is good for me on this game. one thing that sometimes goes wrong though is the background song. it's seems to repeat itself on one part making it sound as if it were a scratched disk or something. it fixes afer restarting but that is only periodical.
k. bae : i love the simple art style like monument valley that makes me want to keep playing if only to stop and look at the artwork. it's a rare kind of infinite runner, one that makes you want to keep playing, to never leave the serene lands.
matoro zeliph : this is pretty much ski safari bare bones. however it makes up for it by having a dynamic weather/day-night cycle. here is hoping there can be more types of mountains to ski on, more dynamic soundtrack and probably a sequel! awesome relaxing game!
thespore35 : oh. my. god. those were the words i murmured to myself when the game melted itself on the screen. the graphics and scenery are some of the best and most gorgeous i've never seen in gaming history, be it pc or console. instantly this reminded me of the game journey, where the style and beauty embedded in the background tells a remarkable tale. i love the simple but mind numbly fun gameplay while watching the hours go by, as well as the addicting side quests done during your journey. simply amazing!
nathan pratt : hi, i read about this game on ios last year and am very happy to be able to play on my android phone, but i'd really appreciate it if you could add an option to disable the video ad choice inside the game. i watched a few to revive alto and they aren't exactly kid-safe. i cannot in good conscience recommend this game as is to my nephews for example as the "kill shot: bravo" video ad that they might see has a bullet going through a guy's skull in slo-mo. i'd pay iap to prevent them from having that option.
kolyn brast : everything is fine on the game but when i was in the main menu of the game and i went to the settings there wasnt any settings for audio, graphics, difficulty. it was just blank like the devs forgot to put settings in the settings or something. if this is a bug please fix it soon. ps - im on a samsung galaxy tab 4 7 inch.
muntazar jafree : love this game. looks beautiful on my moto x style. music is awesome. the weather effects in this game is the best ever. the way how you earn your characters and the day-to-night transition is cool. addicted to a mobile game after a long while.
gooblemikehawk : loved every part of it and there weren't any random pop up ads. i would recommend adding a few more tricks. like being able to swipe and then being able to make chained tricks like front flips special grinds and such. amazing game anyway!
just relax : i like that the ski run is different when you have to start over. the music, sound effects and graphics are great. enjoy watching the scenery change from day to night. some reason the graphics remind me of the game journey from thatgamecompany on ps3.
ryan cade : i love the graphics, the changes as you move about the level, and all of it basically. but the thing is, i feel like it should have more to it, customization of alto, more upgrades, things like that, i love the game as it is buy as far as i'm concerned this will fall off the grid just like every other "addicting" game out there
strwbrry.mochii : i've heard this game is awesome, and i've seen it with youtubers, but every time i start it (even after installing and uninstalling the app, and turning my tablet off and back on) it freezes at the title screen. i don't have a email, so, this is the only way to tell you, but its really frustrating, and i really want to play this game. it's a nice game, and i look forward to playing it. just please fix this.
justalex : beautiful graphics. beautiful music. just one problem. i seem to be having a notification that's at the bottom of my screen all the time telling me that i have to achieve 500m in one run even though i do. apart from this its awesome. okay so it turns out i just needed to restart my game so it's gone now.
eldude col : do you have a sadistic streak in you where you just want to keep watching the same lame advert over and over and over, then you might want to think about getting this. i feel sorry for the devs, i mean could they only get one game advert to fund them. real gamer reviews.
helen rivera : amazing speed and skill game, great graphics. also love that you can revive by watching an ad instead of just paying. my only complaint is that the tutorial is terrible. it's harder than the actual game, and if you fall into the chasm during it, you must restart the whole tutorial. in that area it could use some improvement. other than that, completely satisfied!
chris fitzgerald : it's a little bit of a ripoff of ski safari, but the art in this one is very awesome and the gameplay is just as good or better.
a google user : the screen is timing out and turning off if i don't touch the screen often. pretty annoying.
gerry heidenreich : i would love to see more social features, like playing friends levels with ghosts, and compare stats and hi scores.
aaron hansen : polished and beautifully designed game. love the weather and time of day effects. sound effects and overall feel makes it one of my favorite games. well done guys.
eddie cockerell : really ambient & well put together. i've already sunk a few hours into it. one tiny thing - maybe the night scenes could be a little brighter? it might just be me, but i feel like i can't see anything when it's not daytime in the game. anyway, love it!
sidney hemphill : i love a game that doesn't revolve around a shooting mechanic. the great sound designed, simple art style, and gameplay of alto's adventure trumps many of the big budget home console games out there.
poppy daniels : only problem i have is the character selection... i'm level 36 and maya (2nd character you get) is the only good one so far... you need to do tricks to build speed up and the others backflip far to slow.
reece jackson : i love this game! me when alto falls down a massive gorge: oh alto probably found his way out. what really happened: alto spent three days in a gorge and was forced to eat his last llama until he eventually died from frostbite, this has been fox news, signing out. lol
a google user : 1 problem you need to address is that if you don't touch screen for the time of your default display sleep time it'll go black while playing game .. it distract player ... add an request permission or algorithm to keep display on while playing game irrespective of default display settings of particular device.
dwight : i like the game a lot but much of the jumps are impossible. the gap is too long or the ramp is too small for the jump.
idlepeace : the backgrounds are awsome. the app guides you well enough to get things started in an interesting way.. try this guys.. well done.
andy davila : nice little time waster. the only thing i would want is to disable the day cycle. there aren't any bonuses for riding at night but ups the difficulty simply because its hard to make out what is going on
jones naylor : this game has amazing graphics and soundtrack. controls are easy to use and fun try more risk stuff like back flipping off a crevis onto a rock slide on a flag line then nose dive on a llama.
will slinger : however the character paz is so underwhelming. please make some changes to him so that he actually feels like something other than a useless alto. other than that, brilliant graphics, a nice goal and leveling system and all in all a brilliant little game.
thomas c. : this game is beautiful, simple, and fun. i love surfing down the snow-covered slopes as the sun sets, through quaint villages and majestic woodery, on my one-man mission to murder all the loosed llamas.
matthew curley : i like how u can get a better character when you finish a few missions and how you can buy stuff in the shop but i don't like how the coin doubler scarf is real money and i would be great full if you could change it to the money you collect in the game ;-)
mj beam : the game is beautifully done. between the graphics and the music. however i do have a few issues. 1) when the feather deactivates it sometimes lands me right in the middle of a cavern or into a rock. 2) i often get "video is not available" when trying to revive my character or just a black screen.
k m : the game looks awesome and the controls are fine and responsive for the gameplay... until you start your actual first game and crash for the first time and unlike the tutorial, you have to stopand either pay a stupid premium currency, or watch an ad!!! that cut my fun instantly. i would of easily paid a one time fee to actually have an endless runner instead of this ad-forcing deal. a real shame.
prasad vandavasi : game has it all. easy to begin and control , good ramping of skills, beautiful graphic style, environmental effects, very engaging yet relaxing, procedural replay ability. kudos to the devs. truly good games on a mobile platform are a rarity.
dante ele : i love the materialistic design of the game. suits with the android theme. more games of this graphics should be made. good job developers
saurav sahay : well i dnt write reviews vry often fr ny app or game bt ths one just got my heart. i have played games to win or loose in boredom or time pass bt ths one is different. this game is actually quite soothng nd gves a strange kind of happiness nd peace specially the background music, i luv the music nd the scene seems as if its a cold winter fairy tale...awsme guys jist luvd it!!!
a google user : i found out i'm supposed to get revived once if tupa lands in a chasm but it doesn't work on my game for some reason. android zte max, thanks. great game tho. fix for 5 stars.
john o : very few mobile games keeps my attention but i can't put this game down. beautiful music and art style, any chance i can get a sound track? the game has a soothing effect on me. one side thing tho, can we get more options for tricks?
john varghese : one of the best games that i have played so far in android... the controls especially jus one button, difficulty levels. graphics everything is excellent.only thing im feeling bad s the wather changes very quickly.. the animation is good. fantastic work harry,jordan,ryan,kpow,brian andrew & ur team...keep it up!
anand rajagopal : i was looking forward to have a play on this game after the reviews. but sadly the game won't start on my moto x (gen1), as it crashes just after the game title logo. hoping to get a fix soon. thank you.
adrien samson : i haven't played much to be honest, but from what i've seen this is a very promising game. it's simple to understand how the game works. i look forward to playing some more.
minh nguyen : the slow motion when performing backflips, the background music and specially the weather effects,.. all of them are really amazing! but the game could be better if you add somethings like 'perfect landing' or another boost. anyway i love this game.
poppershnoz : when you go to the workshop to unlock stuff just tap on something you can't unlock, watch a short video and it'll give you 500 coins. this works every time you do this. .. i don't know if this is a glitch or just part of the app... but hey, i got unlimited coins so i aint complaining...lol
itachi uchiha : this is such a bad game it's basically a click bate. the pictures make it seem like a story game or and adventure game when it's really just something bad. only thing good about it is the lighting, but either way this is the worst game i have played on mobile.
james fellows : great game that deserves more downloads. i love the music and graphics and simple gameplay. don't stop doing what you're doing!
wierdo hehe : when i go to the settings page it's all out of place i can barely go back to the home screen please fix
tajuddin shaikh : the visuals are just wow. it makes me actually want to get inside the game and live there. the gameplay has nothing novel but the picturesque backdrop makes up for it.
ivan lim : although the gameplay gets a little dull after a while (granted, i've only unlocked 2 characters so far), i still find myself playing this game for hours due to how relaxing and zen it is. graphics and soundtrack are amazing! the performance could be improved however, the game seems to suffer from intermittent slowdown.
jolie klein : it's beautiful yet simplistic, the goal is unique, it's so fun to play and very relaxing and the music is beautiful as well. i honestly, truly, love this game.
trevon hayes : i first played this game on an ipad at an apple store and i was sooooooooo sad that it wasn't available for android but i'm glad that it's finally here. i love it so much. great game.
a google user : user friendly and efficient, simple design, not to mention an intuitive game play. keep up the good work guys ^^.
bistok diiel lelono : instead of adding new things to this kind of game, the developer chose to give different experience by using soothing music, artsy background, and less type of power up.
ian hicks : sometimes you bounce off the rocks, sometimes you die. sometimes you finish the backflip, sometimes you complete it but the game doesn't care. sometimes you make the jump, sometimes the game just really doesn't care.
mr. king : i improve every run but, the backflips seem to be slow when i already boost my speed. if you are going fast you should be able to do faster backflips.
riley bangs : as is stated in the update bullets, you have fixed a bug in which the screen hangs black before starting. this bug occurs every time i open the game. please fix, looks like a very good game.
logan ockerman : i've installed the game twice on my motorola turbo and it will open the title, sit there for a few seconds and then just closes the app.
allie mills : would like to play but first jump is so far that its frustrating not being able to make it. why make a game that everyone describes as relaxing so difficult to get anywhere in it. will be uninstalling...i wanted a calm, relaxing game...not just another frustrating one.
rishabh shahi : coin magnets and other power ups start appearing after at least 2000 meters and also they are very rare. please make them more achievable. good game.
kev : great game so far, i can't get enough. the soundtrack and graphics are stunning and the game play is difficult enough to keep me interested..i love it
adam faiana amru : since i found it in ios appstore, i always wanted this game and damn right i wasn't disappointed. night skiing at its best.
p : this is a really impressive free mobile game. very well made and highly recommended. particular ups to the subtle way the game allowed us to pay for it.
erik lindqvist : great game. especially love the sound and visuals. would however like the ads to have similar close buttons. can be tricky to close the videos at times.
fishing on the mourne k c : i'm using my s3 with cm 12 and i'm having a very bad audio stutter i can not stand the game because of the bug
james ek : app stops at the opening screen, does this app run on a medium lifetab, if it does then you have a glitch in the system.
mark luna : it's nice to kill time. would be great if we could choose to have it in a certain time of day rather than it changing from bright daylight to dark night.
katlin hoag : the settings arnt visable but i am still able to search for the buttons randomly. great game besides that.
porter lyman : totally fun, no ads, and not pay to win. i actually want to throw my money at the developers.
lewis p : i had black screen after title however after i moved the game to external storage it worked. love the game :)
bohdan bohnat : there are too many. i can't even get past the first level. some things just don't work
a t : it's okay for 10 minutes, but not sure what the fuss was all about. way overhyped.
evin : awesome game, i don't mind to watch ad videos to make sure the developer does earn money from freemium user like me
luke g : if you're not playing on wifi turn off your data. game used 500 megs in 1 1/2 hours of playing time on 4g. brutal.
osama rere : well what can i say, this game is a simple addictive fun and exciting it's a game of which i would recommend to anyone who comes my way (that person is you)
justin goode : one of the best games recently, it doesn't try to take your money, is fair, i personally love the art stylr, it's fun, and doesn't make you wait or play daily. it is like the genuinely fun games of the yesteryears.
trevor elliott : a game like this doesn't need to view my app activity/history. uninstalling for abuse of permission requests.
wesleech : an option for day/night would be nice. kind of hard to see at night with glare in normal lighting. other than that good stuff.
vamsi krishna c : i can see opening screen and then black screen on my asus zenfone 2. may be something wrong with this game on intel x64 cpus really love the game , worked fine on my other (arm cpu )devices . please fix this issue
vamsi krishna : beautiful graphics and simple gameplay. really enjoyed playing it. could add more to make it enjoyable without too much bloatware but still excellent. don't add any useless distracting gameplay features. simple and beautiful
steven vanmaele : amazing sound design, the changing challenges keep it fresh, gorgeous visuals that don't get old. in love with this game
marc collazo : would be awesome if you can have the choice to pick the time of day. if i want to play a endless night/day/rain i can choose it. other then that this game is very addicting.
nikhil nambiar : catching lama is just an excuse, you will find your self playing even after 2 hours...
deepak chandnani : alto's adventure a peaceful game.the graphics and music in the game are very nice.the way developers presented the game one the screen is superb.
jj stepan : beautiful visuals, amazing music. the kind of game that you can get hooked on during the day or fall asleep to at night. very relaxing and absorbing when you play it with headphones.
lucas braga : it's a great game, i have no words to describe so addictive is this game. congratulations to the developers behind this idea.
bryan de palma : well i saw you guys fixed the black screen bug... so i gave it a shot and yes definitely awesome, very addictive, relaxing. ahhhhhh jusf amazing, i miss my natal mountains now ^^
chuka : its pretty fun and time consuming but the crash sensitivity is really high. if land even slightly wrong you crash.
rondell thomas : i have to thank the developers for this game it is one of the best games in the android market. very creative and the graphics are just wow.
justin roberson : i've been play noodlecake games for years an i have to say this is the best game you all have released congrats can't wait for more greatness
ex. class cansy : i do not know who came up with this whole idea to make this game... but holy heck is it amazing! who ever had an imagination like this... who ever had enough money... they made an amazing game.
yuganthan sivashankar : amazing graphics and soothing music makes me come back for more. i haven't come across any glitches or lags yet in this game. gets a perfect score.
jamie andrew : i absolutely love this games art style and the game mechanics flow really well. i have never experienced a glitch or any problem like that. in summary you should really get this game.
mark vk : game is fun, when it becomes nighttime you can't see anything, it also seems as though nighttime lasts longer than daytime, which makes this game near impossible to play...
ria chakraborty : the game looks great and performs well. but the tutorial could be more specific about chasm jumps as they are quite tricky. very addictive look and sounds are brilliant.
cee bee : i don't know what it is about this game, but has a certain charm that keeps me hooked. it's probably the art style and scenery that amazes me, or probably the concept, but whatever it is... its extraordinary.
jorn veken : tricks would be a nice addition. also frontflips. game looks very good and there's no overuse of ads <3
barcode gg : game plays a lot like ski safari which i loved however the jump mechanics is inconsistent. if i jump a ramp over a chasm the outcome is never the same. sometimes you'll clear it and sometimes you'll plummet to your death. i have enough speed indicated by the scarf. also if you do a back flip over a chasm the game goes into slo mo which makes it worse. i would love to see a charging style that changes the height of the jump based on how long you press. good game just needs improvements
vinay banakar : would have given 5, if there was multiplayer option. it would become a really great game
jessica earle : i have a hard time jumping rocks and spent 30 minutes looking for a magnet and never found it. the game was fun, but not relaxing at all. mostly upset me. it's just not for me.
alexander trommer : i tried to play this, but after the title, the screen turns black. it happens sometimes with music and sometimes without. i've tried installing and uninstalling it. i'm on a nextbook ares 8 and i really want to play this game
hugo alonso : this seems to be a widespread problem... worked the first time, but never loaded after that in my zenfone 2.
simeon mark fernandes : a really well developed game for the "casual" players. the lovely music and smooth graphics is just the thing one needs to kill those spare 5min breaks.
jatheen kumar : this game is the most beautiful game i've played on my phone and it is also very calm and relaxing. i just wish that you could buy new things for alto like a new hat or new snowboard. but everything else is wonderful.
mark c : game is decent however quite bland; lacks variety but the time-of-day effect is cool. problems: even after dozens of runs the game annoying flips open the same tutorial tips during a run which disrupts your timing ensuring you fail your jump. every. single. time. why?!? there are no settings to turn this off--no settings of any kind, period. also, after failing the chasm jump i cannot resume because my guy is stuck at the bottom and i cannot do anything but restart or go to the main menu.
_ hissygoose : 1st - samsung galaxy tab 4 kitkat - unable to store/send to sd card.. weird because 1st version yesterday 02/11 went to sd no problem. too large of a file not to be able to. 2nd is agreement with others, how bout just a "paid" version, freeware, freemium, stinks. i mean are android users 2nd class to apple consumers? that's pretty rotten business... nobody likes to feel 2nd class.
raf malinski : work fine on my galaxy s5. if it doesn't work on your phone get a better phone. this game is amazing.
jon : the game is fun,and i donated via the iap, but none of the skip videos work at all. i get the error afterward during gameplay which is annoying. i'm using a nexus 6p with 6.01 for reference.
thebongchronicle : one of the best graphics game i wave ever played try it at night in ur bed u wll be in dffrnt zone
sushant kumar : game pretty much like ski safari. but the visuals are mesmerising even being comparatively low in size. must give it a shot.
erica overend : ok so i started up the game and i could do the tutorial but when i got onto the real game i couldn't jump so if anyone reads this i wouldn't bother clicking the install button.
isai torres : beatifull gameplay and graphics very addicting and time serial killer ,one of the best apps on android since candy crush.
kyle cook : i have ptsd and this game helps me relax. calming music and colors. highly recommend this game. my favorite game ever.
slax : this game is the type of game you can play when you're bored , great graphical effects and nice lighting along with fun gameplay
nella : very disappointed you can't continue your adventure on a different device. not going to download and start all over again.
arthur cizek : from the trailers, it seems like a really fun game, but despite the update that says it won't hang on the black screen after launching it, it still does that for me. i'll keep it installed and wait for an update, because this really looks like a great game!
ben rees : will up to 5 if cloud saves get implemented. also ad complaints are unwarranted as they're opt in. i've played a lot already and not seen a single ad
nathan dominguez : this is a simple game but after a couple days you won't be addicted to it like other games.
owel rapalo : i think the visuals are really good as well as the gameplay. i hope they add more customizable things like new board colors or outfits for alto.
brandon hayes : it's really good game. no issues so far. just gets a little to dark and difficult to see the rocks sometimes cause it's behind stuff. that's one of the few issues that should be fixed
poly : unobtrusive ads and beautiful graphics. my only suggestions would be repeating goals for those really long runs, and a track editor for community built runs and challenges.
tanay sharma : okay, have to admit : the graphics are gorgeous! gameplay is fantastic and even the soundtrack.
merely for rain. : don't you think i know this game based from? it's based on ski safari and ss: adventure time plus, journey (playstation). but i just wanted to thank you that you made this happen. this is just i wanted for a game. yours truly, scensty. =]
bradley shellnut : app updated but the screen still times out. at least it pauses the game now...also in app purchases are semi-annoying and should have the option to purchase the whole app.
peter walker : a complete rip off of ski safari, basically just a re-skin. the only thing i can commend this game on is the inclusion of llamas, because i like llamas.
mark t : beautiful graphics. great music. soothing. i love the quests to advance level. my only complaint so far is the third character seems a bit out of place for the levels. i hope there will be some new emvironments. the ones there are gorgeous. the sunsets. the sunrise. the rain. the snow. i hope this will continue.
gopakumar bhaskaran : one of the best games i ever played. everyone should try it .if there was an option i would have given you 10 stars. thankyou noodleckake studios
ajala kings : when i pause the game it literally goes to a bigger screen size making it hard to press the resume button.
trevor bernd : i like the 3-d effect on the buildings, graphics are great, just one thing. i wish the buttons had a larger trigger area.
p s : i just installed it on htc desire 826 ..the changing of day effect is simply awesome top of that the sound in game really makes u very calm while playing it..great work..shud go for it guyz..
merek the saint : everything is good, but could you make suits for alto, like different colors, and some that give boosts, that would be very appreciated.
ravi varma : the graphics are pretty, presented beautifully and the music so soothing can listen to it all day . as wonderful and unique as a game can get!
artic fox : good job whoever made this game. not only is the background amazing, it's a game that i can't stop playing. good job
mr. : has nice pleasant music one finger tap game.... what makes it addicted is the objectives which seems to be easy but is not so... really should try once at least
greg allen : not a big fan of cell phone games but this one looked good. had to try it and i love it! it looks beautiful and is smooth.
a google user : thanks so much noodlecake for finally bringing this game to android! i wish most android apps could be brought up to this standard of quality! excellent job devs! can't say enough good about this game. it's just as good as the ios version, and its free!
vishal pant : its like listening to a lullaby. the soundtrack and the beautiful graphics. other than the tiny bit of lag here and there this game is perfect.
warnerrr : seriously, this is just ski safari with different graphics, slower speeds, and less upgrades. yawn, pass.
anderson alves : this game has perfect graphics and sound, but the gameplay itself gets boring really fast. it's not rewarding at all, only one trick can be done and its slowpaced for a game of this type.
david pham : the game's awesome; smooth graphics, change of in-game time, and really relaxing music that fits the game. warning to the player: hold down on the back flips until the character is fully parallel to the ground.
mikhael tillman : a fast action game with new characters every 10 levels. and they chase llamas
subhradeep chanda : finally. been waiting for it for such a long time. spent a day with this musical extravaganza, too good. the much much known designer/dev, nice work indeed.
miguel feliciano : kind of hard to see during night mode and i know that's part of the fun but an option to turn off night mode could be added
justin mattioli : perfect game for short plays. the grind to level up is a bit long but i love everything overall
zachariah gearhart : cool graphics but alto needs to tuck harder. the back flip is totally weak...
jarid krause : cool idea, but when its night time, its so dark and you can't see anything. make it brighter and i'll give 5 stars
top down : i love this game. it has immersive gameplay, a nice art style, and god i love that soundtrack. i would highly recommend installing this game to anyone who is considering it.
hannie wang : there still can be a lot of optimization: my nexus 6 simply reach a boiling point after playing for 10 mins
aditya dutt : on my samsung galaxy tab 3, settings and leaderboard don't work. when i go to settings its just a blank screen. please fix this, otherwise awesome game and amazing graphics.
the jester : i really enjoy the game. my only complaint is that you have to be practically 100% parallel to the ground to land a back flip. there needs to be a little more room for error in the landing.
david paton : i would love to give it 5 stars and it's a great game. i just wish that the coins would accumulate as you play,you lose your coins from the previous attempts when you start again.
jonathan grams : so far, it's been kind of fun. it's hard to see the rocks usually, and the "watch a video for some coins" thing didn't give me any coins after watching the ad.
abhinav kumar sarkar : it's a good game. the hanging problem is resolved but some if there will be some more graphic improvement then i'll definitely give 5 stars.
natsu fairytail : awesome game superb graphics and visuals . should add a little more objects that provide light at night , need clothes customization for alto , need snowboard colour , environmental changes , more tricks , only backflips? meh . awesome game must download
tsukiko yamamura : this game is well made and slick. satisfying visuals too creating an immersing game play. unfortunately, the goal of the game is rather repetitive and boring for my taste. that's not to say others wouldn't find it enjoyable. just my personal taste, y'know.
matt browns : i think it is causes my phone to overheat because every time i play it my phone gets hit after i minimize it.
steven blomkamp : having to watch a 30 second commercial every time you want to retry is torture. the paid option is hellishly expensive for what you get. great art and atmosphere ruined by ftp mobile bullshit.
alok sharma : there really should be an option to pay up, and get rid of all ads. i've never seen so many ads before, in any other app. i'd easily pay for this, if you let me.
op singh : the sounds+ backgrounds +creatures all seems to be born on the screen. luv that and damn sure it will cross million of downloads in few days.
lone vindicator : after seeing the title i get a black screen. please fix, this seems like an incredibly interesting game.my like is a htc one m8.
jiri dusek : the game is amazing and i love it. the only thing is that i cannot manage to sync the game progress between my devices, although i am signed in play games.
jason johnston : this game is really cool, but i can't play it because jumping/ramping needs to be fixed. i am always falling short and it's just too frustrating.
kirsty peden : finally a great game that's enjoyable and doesn't have ads popping up every 2 seconds, could get quite addictive.
david may : i love the vector art, the lighting is beautiful, the parallaxing is amazing and the jumping is just challenging enough that you don't nail it every time.
ragnaroktv #zs : why is it to long to wait, when i open the game i wait the loading and took me 9 minutes until the game start....
mark : installed, but it just hangs after the opening title music
dan herrick : only complaint i have is it will stop me halfway through a backflip even when i have plenty of time to finish the rotation. thats a game breaker for me because there is no way to get a good distance.
patrick : that's not such a bad thing when it looks this good. love the aesthetic and find it annoying to have to jump over rocks when ogling the gorgeous parallax backdrops!
praful patel : beautifully balanced gameplay that makes you want to play again and again. gorgeous visuals and audio. i'm amazed it's free. hats off to the developers.
will williamson : im not really a fan of the jump, i think lots of players and my self would like to hold the screen then let go on the jump not tap ten hold for flips. over the game is fun i just get frustrated with the jumping and flips
antonio giovanni : i love this game.it is simmilar to other running games but it is also a platformer.i highly suggest you to get it.
emilie vachon : fun game but sometimes you can't see the rocks or you don't know if it's in the way or background. over all, a great game!. sadly it randomly stopped working. i could not jump or flip anymore. please fix that or tell me why it happened!
joy raj : only stunt you can do is backflip. upgrade prices are like louis vuitton. and still dunno how to escape the cop thing that follows. total disaster.
ross dorsett : fun to play, easy to learn, and really appreciated art. definitely a favorite. and no ads are amazing. thank you!
nesha : i've never played a game with such amazing graphics as this one!! its unbelievable. i have a galaxy s6 edge and it looks marvelous on my screen. the game it self is just a tad bit boring, but i do highly recommend it.
javier atkinson : it may be just me but i only use about 2 characters. the challenges are much easier with certain characters.
pintobull : amazing graphics and music that are both very calming. this game is simple in a good way. very realistic sound effects too, i thought there was really thunder out my window! give it a try.
lilhwcd 626 : just a back flip and the same grind gets boring over time other then that it would be sic
jc : this game looks stunning, i love the art style. they never force you to watch ads. simple menu, very easy to use. game isn't easy either, provides a wonderful challenge. you need to download this game asap!
angus hannan : i looked at my data usage and my favourite (and 'offline') mobile game had downloaded 500mb worth of whatever. betrayed to say the least
faze optic : i cant play the game, it doesn't open, just a title screen following a black screen. pls fix. or reply
isaac derrick : this game is beautiful! love the art style and the music. the progression of this game is also really cool and allows for a lot of game time. good job.
peter fischer : i'm absolutely punishing my battery with this game. i can't put it down. support your developers. buy the coins.
pravheen manohar : i won't say its addicting but good enough to kill few minutes. i'm using nexus 6 this game's fps is so bad i took breaks between lags.
kyrobe : this is a nice game but when it shows you have to jump high it doesn't let me
tat chow : logged into my google play games account on both my devices but game progress does not sync account devices. i have different goals for each device. please included device sync in a future update.
anas 10 : i played so many android games but those didn't give me this much affection ..when we play this game we will think like we are riding the scate board..and especially the music and climate changing ..loved it a lot
my muzix : nice concept but not working properly graphic was awesome ... but need improvement
lvz : amazing game but i have one complaint. can you make the pause button transparent or invisible until clicked on.
andy hong : this game is as stunningly beautiful and fun to play as the ios version -- except for the totally annoying monetization scheme. you're forced to watch a video ad if you want to replay a level (otherwise, you can only go on to the next level), and the only in-app purchase is a coin-doubler. incredibly annoying -- enough that it's not worth playing this game on android. i'd gladly pay $5 up front to play this game without the annoying ads, as i can in ios!!!
devastated-hermit : when i go onto the game the title comes up and then a black screen
s v santhosh kiran : game is fantastic with great visuals that are eye soothing but needs improvement in stunts and new levels. but till now it's a fantastic game.
nathan lee : it keeps on saying that this app has stopped, such a shame, looks like a really nice game
your assasin : total hype lost interest in minutes, don't see how updates can make it any better.
harry cott : really nice game and sound design. when i tried sharing the app to my brother, the share button just took a screenshot of my last run. i expected it to generate a url to the app listing on google play so that i cls easily share the download link with my brother. you may consider implementing. great work.
mar snook : i have the same problem with locking up my asus asus . turn off the wi-fi works great
lorenzo gayles : the graphics are beautiful. there is no glitches in the game. it's addictive. all the challenges so far are not too easy, but give me something to work towards
kresten kjeldgaard : the initial set was ok, but trying to get access to device history (browser history and bookmarks amongst others) in an update is way too invasive.
nadia ho : it's beautiful and addictive. some people might have problems with the dark scenes but i think that's what the developers wanna do with the difficulties. keep it up!
tom pedersen : when starting the game still hangs after the title. black screen only and music can be heard in the background. asus memo pad as well as nexus tv.pls fix it.
anthony stiehr : this game is pointless. what is it about a guy sliding down a hill and hitting rocks is fun. and why is there a points system? you can't even do tricks, only slowly back flip. i really don't understand how anyone can rate this 5 stars. must be employees of the company.
ivixionz : this game is cool and it doesn't need internet to use it and by the way it has great graphics and that's why i gave them 5 stars because they earn it.
vidit dhanalakota : same concept game.. nothing so different from other games. but it was refreshing.
sam den : beautiful view n music, nice jump, backflip n others, love this game at the first touch. suggestion: need more tricks and character or wardrobe, thanks anyway for this lovely game
milad tanvir : only improvement for now that i can think of is to keep the screen always awake when the app is running because when i don't touch the screen, it turns off :( otherwise great game and hope to see what future updates bring!
michael mullet : my favorite game on both ios and android. i used to own an ipod before my moto g2 and played it constantly. when it finally came out on the play store i rushed to get it. i've been happily playing it ever since.
jared casas : it is pretty fun. i like the graphics and i like games that you can do tricks. but i don't know if the game changes the language.
matt flaherty : can't even finish the tutorial as nothing happens after i fall into the chasm.
june : loved it from the start. love the scenery how it changes from night to day. the warrior chasing you is a fun challenge as well lol. by far the cleanest ui i've seen on a game on android. well made well played
connor b. : had a couple of hours into the game when it crashed and progress reset. still have the google play achievements to prove it.
mayra brown : there aren't any interruptions with ads or the game asking for the player to rate it like similar apps. the quick missions the game assigns to each level are a fun type of challenging that keep you playing persistently.
christian genov : game is very fun and a great way to burn time when there is nothing else to do! i love the fact that the time of day changes as you game for a little while. definitely a game worth the download! download it and add it to your collection, you won't be disappointed!
paul wolffer : game just stays on the jump chasm portion w/o restarting, so here's me uninstalling.
david malafant : looks like a top game, still hangs on black screen after title though on my asus zenfone 2, sadly
a google user : i used to rate this app 5 stars, now i rate it one star because the permissions.. device & app history permission.. simply unacceptable.. lots of games work great without this type of permissions.. plus the invasive photos/media/files.. to fix the problems in an easy way, the app becomes privacy invasive..
alfred allen : i love this game graphics are the best and so emotional game makes you cry
isaac kho : would be awesome if you guys could give points for airtime and fix the physics behind landing after a 360, cos if i land a bit back i die lol thanks for the game :)
peter nicholas bravato : normally i am not a fan of endless running games, but the art style combined with the music and simplicity of the ui make for an awesome and relaxing experience. good job, noodlecake.
dj swindla : i installed this game for the first time, the title screen came up and the app closed immediately. i tried it a few more times...same thing happened.
a google user : its a fantastic game and the graphics are really good. my suggestion would be to add some snowboard tricks to make the game even more thrilling.
mirza munshee : this game is truly beautiful. the music is excellent, the landscape is gorgeous and others are just perfect. i hope this will continue on.
irfan adhrevi : keep getting black screen after the alto's loading screen, please fix it i really want to play this game
vladimir velez : i failed the chasm jump and restarted. now i seem to be unable to get past the chasm jump. the game just sits there at the chasm not prompting me to restart.
manoj nayak : great game. the screen times out so have to jump unnecessarily crashing most of the times. pls fix it
debayan paul : i am spell bound. no faults could be found. always keep this up.
jose cancino : it is unclear on how to land a back flip. i'm not sure if i'm not understanding or what, otherwise great game.
aman : the game's good but if you add some more tricks like in real snowboard. it would be more awesome. add more characters and their abilities too.
daniel alvarez : where most runner games are just fun for a bit and later stressful for the remainder of your playing time.... alto makes use of it's beautiful graphics and sounds for a relaxing and yet thrilling adventure.
sarah s. : this is a wonderful game. people are complaining that it won't load on their tablet, and that is because they have the same type of tablet that doesn't like it, duh. the graphics are great, the music is good, it's simple... good job!
vishal madhav : usually there is nothing in the play store to play with until now. this game is by far the best i've ever played. hats off to the developers
johnathan hall : very well written and directed the game seems to flow very smooth and i like how u can save across multiple devices. samsung galaxy s 3 working perfect.
ld : i barely like games but this one is among those. simple and fantastic. this is how games should be... wish it was little more than just jumps
atinesh singh : yes you heared me right, if they would have gave me option to rate 10 stars. i've would have given it a 10 star. graphics, music is so soothing that it takes me into heaven.
aesthention : fun but very very irritating when it goes dark/night out, simply because it's difficult to see the rocks on the screen, especially if beside a tree or in front.
alan crawford : fun game looks good game play is fluid. eats up way to much battery an has background data use that is very suspect. will have to uninstall
edln : im loving the bgm that seams smoothly with the beautiful artwork graphics. i especially love how there are day & night and weather systems for variation. perhaps revise the cost for upgrading and add in more content and it is 5 stars.
mario de jesus : this is one of play stores rare elegant games. it delivers on all notes. playability, music composition and simplicity. even the ads are made unobtrusive. more games should be this well designed and executed.
beboch yoh : its the best game thats avaible on android now for sure. great graphics cool characters + its challenging
lucas pearson : great game lots of fun good work put in.
jet lazaro : its such an amazing game and i find myself immersed into something so simple.
rodrigo contreras : this game looks amazing. the gameplay is simple...just tap or hold. wish they would add cloud game save feature to play on multiple devices with same levels and earned coins.
chahat kalsi : sometimes when the game starts, it doesnt respond to our tapping
boyen van gorp : i don't like f2p,just give me a paid version without any iap or advertising
garlicmonoxide jr : fluid simple controls. i love the graphics and the audio is great with headphones. i would like to drop a few bucks for the game and rid of the ads, which are very few and far between. but i'd like to see more games like this from this team.
tuah idzwan r : doesnt work on asus zenfone. installed and when open, black screen after music
josh christensen : gay. boring.. not fun. lame version of ski safari 2. don't waste your time. this game only has 1000 downloads for a reason. uninstalling now. garbage.
donny : the art is really great and i don't see anything wrong but it would be nice to be able to include more characters in it
jared wicklein : the visuals are really great and i like that the ads are optional to continue your run.
abdullah algarni : rarely i rate a game or an app after trying for the first time and this game is one of them. the ads are made very beautiful without disturbing the user or the interface. it deserves a 5 stars.
king inferno : it crashes instantly as soon as i go to play it, which sucks cause it looks good
bart rybarczyk : this game looks gorgeous on my new blackberry priv phone. nice music, superb visuals. wow. i just want paid version with no ads! i want to pay and be free of annoying ads and enjoy this beautiful game
justin cook : screen fades to black and makes it hard to see which makes me lose. fix that and its good
raziel plascecia : great simple fun game to get insanely addicted to. and awesome goals set to try and conquer! the games give you more the more you play it. no money spent here!
jose fernandes : the video player doesn't works on my nexus 10. can't revive, since after i crash, i try to watch the video and the game resets to the beginning. please correct this bug.
rahul m : best guys keep it up.really after long time i have installed a proper game
mathew sullivan : we need another golf game. this is the only reason i'm writing a review. alto's is a great game, but i got all gold stars on all of your golf games, and now im bored lol.
jason peng : stellar. the graphics are beautiful, game has a perfect set up. only works if your phone is fast doe, and if you have lots of space on your phone.
numan kayser : i absolutely love it. i like the design and the mechanics of the game.....i only wish you guys could add some extra maps
patrik glodzhani : great game so far, love playing it. but there is a problem. when i log in from another device my character and perk unlocks don't show up. please fix. :d
daniel szilagyi : very minimal art style that reminds me of the beauty of monument valley with the game mechanics of ski patrol with a subtle soundtrack, great "mobile" game
helen wood : a sweet game simple but engaging the music is a master peace. can't put it down. if u are stressed this is the game to calm u down. best game i've played for ages.
joe bailey : nice graphics and sound is great with headphones. game play could be more involved. i'd love to see more games in this style!
jonathan delorenzo : one of the most beautiful and greatest games you will ever play. the attention to detail and the heart that went into this game shows in every aspect.
ayush singh : the game is too good in terms of graphics and is addictive..but still it requires a little bit of touch up regarding the controls and boosts...overall its cool nd a competitive high end game
mark blasty : just shows title screen then kicks me back to my home screen. worthless.
manager rosson : one thing i would like you to add is the aroura; the lights in the sky! it would make this game even better
datboinate 22 : graphics are amazing the music and mood it brings it's just wonderful. this is a must get app. i bet in every comment it will say relaxing.
john covello : the graphics and presentation are stunning. the gameplay is fun and challenging, this game is an incredibly nice time-waster.
siddharth satyanath : i love this game. it must be one of the most soothing games that i have ever played, it's so relaxing to my eyes and ears. most chill ever. this game is beautiful. thanks again noodlecake. don't think i forgot about your super stick man golf 2 for one minute :)
clavvy : it's easy to pick up and play. charming with loveable atmosphere and high replay value. easily among the best games out there!
zach hyatt : this is a great little app! fun to play seriously, and even more fun to just pass time. i really like this game
javier lara valdes : the game gets stuck after the logo shows up
rich miller : i would give it five stars but it sucks my battery and turns my phone super hot. other than that, its an awesome game
jonathan lugo : not better than ski safari, and the goals are pretty boring. but i will continue to play for achievements.
marty macaoidh : enjoying this game. the graphics are really cool, i would maybe just like some more options from the workshop.
riley moses : same thing over and over. goals don't count if you've done them before, only when it asks you. jumping physics kind of sucks.
adam britton : downloaded this as i loved it on ios. all the trees and the rock are bright green so u can hardly make sence of what is there. hopefully a fix for this soon
mohammad omidvar : it has a delightful graphic but the gameplay is boring after a while.
bigdaddy : this game is amazing. one of the best on the market. gorgeous visuals, amazing gameplay. super fun to play! even the small things like the fact that i can change which side the pause button is on was very helpful.
vladimir stankovic : beatiful scenery but character is to small and you cannot focus.
adam jacob : this is an incredibly designed app, with a material design feel and simple, easy gameplay. the music is also beautiful
wael abdelkader : the game indie style in graphics with awesome music and cool gameplay makes it a speed coming masterpiece, loved it <3
brandon a : i have an asus memo pad 7 lte and i can't play this app. that bug is still there. i open the app and it just stays a black screen. also it lags to open up the home button to exit the app. i hope this problem is fixed soon. :)
ankur : got really hooked to this. so simple to start, and then it's 5 in the morning and you have been playing this for a looooong time.
carl t. : to revive the main character. no need to continue. add a paid version with no ads if you want my time. until then, there are better games out there.
roderick van de ven : the explanation of when to jump for example is not explained well enough. great graphics but needs better instructions
edc_knife_collection : this game is absolutely amazing it almost seems like there was a cinematographer or something like that i don't know what the right word would be but it really transports you into a new world and the scenery is incredible. it allows you to have fun with the game all while actually relaxing you
hemanth kumar : the art style is unbelievably beautiful! the music is also great. the night and day system is amazing, half of the time i dont play the game but sit at the main menu screen and watch days go by.
jabir ansari : it might be the best material design game out there.. its even deserves more than 5
brian trees : a very calming, entertaining game, but it does not open on my lg-e970. it loads the title, then crashes.
aj moler : i usually don't play a lot of running games, but this one stands out. it's a great game and i love the learning curve that you get when you encounter your first elder.
melvin inman : i like to pretend i'm knocking out the lamas or breaking their necks lol
john ricketts : as the title states. way too many adds. the gameplay isn't too good either. talk about over hyping a game... they did.
jacob hackman : it's simplistic design and smooth gameplay make it hard to put down. can't wait for the next update!
pierre-aurelien sp : everything is great: the music, the graphics, the gameplay. when you lose, the sounds don't make it sound too bad. altogether, a great game, hope to see more from noodlecake studios
ali hasan : i love the wing suit. i had only about 4000 coins but by watching some videos i was able to earn more than 8000 in one sitting.
kundan kumar : they cheated the whole game of ski safari and they think it as innovation. noodlecake studios are the biggest cheater's. don't download it, download ski safari instead.
denuvo : this game is beyond awesome the graphics...omg the graphics and minimal design are awesome i wish there were more games like this..i wish there was a multiplayer feature but i'm sure the dev is working on a better update...anyway this app is fricken awesome..when i say that i mean it.. and when it went into night mode i had an orgasmic feeling
bradley holland : dear noodlecake studios, i feel that putting the llamas in this cold environment may lower their quality of life and comfortness in general. i would request that you replace the llamas with alpacas, which have thicker fur. thank you for reading this.
kaustav halder : you guys could increase the frequency of magnets and feathers present in the game. it's almost rare, getting one.
jonathan : i will open the app but it kicks me out looks like a fun game but i can't play
tyler bird : i'm using a nextbook and after the title screen it just brings me to a black screen. please fix! like if you agree.
guillermo valentin : this game is simple, but fun ans has really good graphics. perfect to pass some time
eric : i can't see anything during night time you really need to add more light or a head lamp to see
orangepuffs ; : it does everything right. the graphics, the music, the gameplay, the little things and details, how they do in app purchases, the list goes on and on. play it. it's worth your time.
nathan trinkle : the controls are simple, amazing graphics, nice music, and overall just a great game! i feel that this game is going to be a huge hit.
okto aditya suryawirawan : after the last 2 update, stopped working, even after another fix. zenfone 2.
mitchell swafford-cobb : more tricks would perfect it, backflip to grind to backflip gets a tad stale, but doesn't make me play it any less.
ananth raju : very beautifully designed game! very fun to play as well, neat graphics! makes you come back for more! kudos to the developing team!
kevin de chantal : its such a simple, relaxing game but not boring. keeps you coming back for more. love the art sytle and challenges. no bugs!!
connor mckenney : its just beautiful music and you dont ever rage when you mess up, you just keep on playing... addictive!
vandersulai : it has great soundtracks and gameplay sure was fun. the art is so calm and makes you feel warm yet cold inside as well because of its blending technique
miguel cruz : won't work, the first version worked perfectly but after the latest update, it just hangs with the stars. would appreciate a fix for this.
joshua johnson : first when i saw it i thought it would be a aggravating weird game but when i started playing i quickly realized it deserved best app award.
aaron dana : open the app for two seconds, get the opening and super excited and then crash every time.
jordan sobrino : it's pretty, but there isn't much to the gameplay. jump, do backflips, and avoid obstacles. apart from the atmospheric soundtrack and design, it doesn't really set itself apart from other endless runners.
louis martin : needs more tricks and upgrades, gets monotonous after a while
jack wiedner : wonderful game with stunning visuals, but the audio is really laggy on my nexus 5x due to some weird bug. other than that, amazing game!
mtn bkr : (money). just a simple side scroller. nothing stunning about the art. played for about 5 min. uninstall
josh bailey : game was fun for a while, update adds intrusive unnecessary permissions so uninstalling
david bosse : best endless runner game i've ever played. engaging, beautiful, and it keeps me coming back.
roman tymchyk : i'm glad i ran into this. i just started playing but the game is great! i love the art style and the fluid gameplay. i see that others enjoy the background music but i wish there was something a little less 'stock'.
hugo vermaak : beautiful game. can't stop playing it. wish there were more games with this graphical style.
priyesh monu : minimal design at its best. visual delight. i played it for hours just to appreciate the amazing design. game play is a bit slow tough.
akshay dudhwala : it's have minor bugs to do fix otherwise awesome game
george chislett : i absolutely love the game it is relaxing and addicting. the only way to understand me is to just get the game.
babin dass : u will play to unlock the goat, but it also have skating board, will get diaappointment for sure
ariza putra : this kind of graphic style is always my favorite for a mobile game. plus, the music really set the tone while playing.
amy wiles : such a lovely game, beautiful graphics, great music. just a great game to pick up and chill out with for 5 minutes
jit : very good game with good mechanics and graphics. addictive, time killing and awesome!
dalton cooper : the game runs smoothly, ads are not forced upon you, the music is awesome, and the graphics are good too. overall its a good game, it's really fun, and i would definitely recommend it for anybody that likes the endless runner type games.
ricky irawan : i can play it all day long... just if my battery is not run out. very fun game and challenging
danny emmons : just make sure you have lots of time to waste, this one will pull you in.
titus ristomo : zenfone2, stuck after title screen, can hear the music, but after then only black screen
mike d : beautiful graphics, love the time transition! not that many ads which is nice because it would really take away from the high quality of the app
reese b : for some reason i can't see the whole screen.
maxwell cunningham : this game is very beautiful. simple art style and extremely easy to play. i would recommend this to anyone.
davit chkheidze : there is a little bug, if you turn on windsuite while landing, it goes through snow, down. fix it please
kara b : this game is very nice to look at. it's well designed, well thought out, and really fun to play! i love the mellow feel of it when you get into a good flow.
- zero - : the game is beautiful runs 100% perfectly, and is just fun and addicting all-round
mohammed issa : one of the best games in noddlecake studios,fantastic graphics and awesome music and it would really be a masterpiece game if there is more modes and music. overall 9 out of 10
jj west : great game. beautiful graphics. great music and sound effects. i love how it changes from day to night to rain to snow.
aslamanaz abdulla : this game is wonderfull.i dont even played such a beautiful game.the day night process is mindblowing.but strain has to be given much at evng and night becauze there is no light to see......niceeeeee
calvin yap : smooth gameplay and beautiful graphics. ice caverns, wolves and avalanches would be nice additions. good job, dev team.
prasidya dibya zaidan : going down the hills through sunset accompanied with an amazing background music, awesome.
josh grimes : great game, but can you make it so that the screen doesn't dim every 15 seconds? having to tap the screen sets me up for bad timed jumps
aya gonzalez : awesome game, looks and sounds fantastic. just bring support for android tv and i'll give it 5 stars
kyle jacques : i can only rate it on the title screen, since that's as far as it would load. glad it was free...
ayan hassan sr. : great graphics with beautiful visuals , pleasing sound track & simple gameplay . a delightful game which showcases the best of simplicity . i gave 4 stars because i feel some extra features should be added in future updates because the concept at this moment feels quite barebones . best of luck to the developers
caspar hickman : this game is great!! the look, the gameplay, the challenges, and the short rounds... it's an all around great game to play when there's a quick 5 mins to kill.
hobie helbich : a simple, beautiful game that never gets boring. the choice to watch an ad for an extra try is really cool- i definitely think more devs should use this method
balram nair : this game has got me hooked! insane graphics and superb controls. but takes some time to get used to the physics of the game. overall its a 5 ;)
babar m : i have been looking for game like this for ages now. it's the perfect way to spend time playing a game you don't get bored of. the graphics are amazing, it's smoother then whipped cream on your bagel, it's an absolutely beautiful game. i love the game and i hope to see more games from the dev. keep up the amazing work guys. i love it!
gavin woodruff : it is very beautiful to look at, it is a little challenging, the challenges are fun.
dalton bednar : this is awesome. no ads, but you can click a button to watch one, to essentially get two lives. optional. very peaceful.
kshitiz pathania : the game is same as many other in market i.e ski safari . it also has almost same pointing system as many others i.e collecting collecting coins. thigh the the only thing that one may like is new kinda graphics used in game.
burnzy : this is by far the most addicting game i have. the only thing holding back 5 stars is that there are very little power ups and some more game modes would be nice but overall a great game
paul romeo : fantastic looking game. the game runs at a fantastic rate and is beautiful in every aspect. contrary to other reviews i have gotten exactly zero ads besides when trying to revive, which it asks you about. 5/5
francis xavier : the game is flawless. beautiful graphics, fluid animation, lovely day-night cycles with different weather, relaxing music, and fun gameplay! not to hard and not to easy, gameplay is balanced very well. and it's free! what more could one ask for. this is the perfect game.
amey chavan : one of the best i've ever played. mesmerising visuals, fantastic soundtrack and smooth gameplay. this game is an experiance than just a game. nice one... a must download!
josiahtempro : they should add a few things like a speed boost just saying
jankens : awesome game, very well made, great graphics, beautiful sound. i highly recommend people to check this out!
ben liu : not sure why i'd bothered with this game. basically the same game as ski safari 1& 2 with silhouette graphics. if you already got ski safari 2, then dont bother with this one.
andrew olseen : the only thing to add, is more airborne tricks and flips
bryce hart : this game keeps me coming back with its awesome ambient soundtrack and beautiful artstyle. it's also really fun, and there is very minimal advertising.
neil griffith : i installed this about 3 hours ago and i'm just now putting it down to write this review
ryan menzies : a very fun little game with gorgeous visuals. the goals do a good job of keeping the game from getting repetitive. the only thing keeping this from getting 5 stars is that lack of google play cloud save. really disappointing.
tanay agarwal : do you know that the background music 'hangs' sometimes. i started to do so when i crossed level 40 .
jacob novick : its just the same thing to do over and over again, nothing new.
clan wars : i got a app that slows gameplay so i love this game i can go on endless runs.
jack : it is a fun mobile game. you don't need wifi or anything. its fun and i can play for hours.
deniyanto sorip : it's definitely a casual game with breathtaking designs. the background and the music fit so perfectly with the gameplay. really love this game!
casiano aguirre : this game is so simple yet, addictive. i like the music being so peaceful and how smooth everything works. great game and recommened for on-the-go games. happy boarding!
carlos balagtas : this is my new favorite game. top-notch graphics and gameplay, cool font choices, and just very nice aesthetics overall. i expect more complex tricks in the future. :)
kingdiamondroyal benjamin : these graphics are too great for only 1,000 downloads to great but i give it 4 stars cause its not letting me listen to pnbrock while playing plz fix that if fix able
4syrxf ' : this game has just the thing, and i hope there will be more games like this in the future! also, i hope there will be a new update where there will be another mode.
immanuel zemichael : it is so amazing that every time i play it i play dubstep i love it so much the day to night feature to the scenery if there more than five stars i'd give this game 83/10 lol waaabbbbb whhhaaabb
crispyn : don't focus on the objectives too much if you can help it. just ride.
uniworkhorse : though i love the game, it eats up my battery and heats my phone over 50 c. it also eats battery up easily. i'm on a moto x pure running marshmallow. please fix.
shay the mighty mighty : i download. it at it won't start it says it stops working in the loading screen
geoff geltner : very simple game yet incredibly engaging! i love how it's very easy to play yet still challenging at the same time. i highly recommend it.
mike l : crazy lag on stock nexus 6, disappointing as it started of really fun.
idiotic pirate : the gameplay is simple and easy to control with great graphics. the art of this game is so simple and the audio is smooth. 5/5
iffa elia : i took the hasle to give a review for this game bcos it deserves it!
cleon aristo : it really is very well made but i wish that there was a way i could upgrade my attributes. such as, acceleration time, full speed, jump height, flip control, etc. adding those will guarantee a better experience and more players.
family acct : you guys made this look so amazing! i play this game a lot! one thing, jumping cliffs is hard.and make a sabertooth tiger one like this! thanks! ~ sincerely, atomic cheetah
ike henson : i had no idea a game could have such beautiful graphics on phone it's also a lot of fun to play and i never get bored
anirudh sharma : awesome graphics but it lacks concept and its pretty boring from the second run
im just a cake : this game deserves five stars from everybody. the changing of weather in the game is so realistic and it adds just that much more to what it has to offer. and the music is peaceful, making it even a little more enjoyable.
tobias britton : it has really good graphics and it is so challenging and fun. way better than ski safari. i highly recommend it
fergal blanchard : every time i open it freezes before i can even play it
madison chambers : omg love it so additing and plus no wifi play perfect game
daffa satria : +nice graphics +great environment +enjoyable music -boring after several times -expensive items -hard to play
ngurah katra : doesnt work with my asus..hang after the opening song
gokulvanan : this game got some beautiful viewing experience and gameplay is also fine. give a try . worth playing....
joshua san diego : the game is so smooth and has a vibrant display of colors and the environment. the ability of leveling up to gain more characters is genius. props to the makers of this one!
dion smith : one of the most beautiful games everything is awesome i love the music. i hope you guys win a lot of awards for this.
landen gould : first app i have legitimately loved in years. has amazing music and fun simple game play.
north : beautiful game that works flawlessly on my phone, it's very fun and relaxing to play, game of the month so far
collin sutherland : great, unique game. however, i have to question the permissions requested by the last two updates. perhaps i'm wrong but feels incredibly invasive and from all i've explored within the game completely uneccesary. uninstalling. right now.
teije : this is just a ski safari clone, and a bad one too!
abhijeet chandratre : but nothing much to do in game. more of a stress buster than thrill based. but quite good..
mards leonard subido : it is really good but the pause menu isn't scaled properly. please fix it, thanks.
john saborido : great game! i have to report a bug tho. the sounds get doubled when played on bluetooth headphones! :) please fix!
omar nooristani : love the game, but there's a bug where the menu seems enlarged and i can't access some of the menu buttons. please fix.
sandeep sidhu : but pressing forward button only moves in anticlockwise but not in clockwise. please make that button too.
thomas degroff : simple and fun, addicting and progressive. this games graphics and beautiful landscapes blew me away
jonathan lewis : rare is the game that makes me smile, not because it's funny, or just plain bad, but because it's fun. definitely one of the diamonds in the rough!
ignas ciurlionis : very cute looking game! awesome mechanics, easy and fun to play, addicting. best game on my phone this year so far!
golu kumar : alto'a adventure is a great game no doubt in that except for some bugs like goal section in pause menu is not updateing and the pause menu it self is not at it's right place i.e. on the right side of the screen.please fix these bugs as soon as possible.
abilash a : sounds better but if they give soundtrack files when we install this app it will be much better... we can hear those soundtracks whenever to change our moods....
megan hare : this keeps crashing after the title screen on my s4.
sumit ghosh : you can admire the creativity all day long. it's simple and easy to play
landon hamilton : while im flipping it stops flipping i guess easy fix though just use 2 fingers just kinda annoying.
savannah prosser : such a pretty game! moves so smoothly too. can't quite get the jumping over ledges yet but i'll get there eventually
albertus hendra : got black screen with music after title, please fix it
pablo perinetti : i can see the opening screen and the black screen....
steven meyer-rassow : there's something very soothing and relaxing about playing this game. great artwork and smooth, fluid gameplay. brilliant!
marcos cadena : this is amazing plus its like i have power and the thing i like is the hoverfether
chris klopfenstein : nothing new, very repetitive, but well made
nathan goss : the graphics are brilliant. i love the changing time. it looks astounding. the game play is smooth and flawless. great game.
emanuel valle : beautiful graphics and love the music.... everything seems perfect...maybe adding more unique items in the workshop later on or maybe something unique every few updates...great work on this one...hope to see more games like this
brad ohsann : very neat game, love the thunderstorms. thought there were only 10 levels and the game was almost over, then found it has mutiple characters and over 50 levels!
andres barragan : i love the music and graphics! keep up the good work! and the best thing is free!
joriivan ethan : but the pause button in the bottom left is annoying me it should be moved. also sometimes the game doesn't receive my taps
yaser ahmed mohammed : my favorite game ever on ios has its arrival.
rahil : it doesnt having much energy to jump during first trial
molly cobrador : only forced runner game where i can relax! beautiful graphics. perfect for anyone who wants a stunning game that you don't get bored playing.
taimoor hashmi : i loved it on the ios and i love it on android just the same! beautiful, no doubt about it. the music also just fits perfectly with the setting. one of the most flawless games i have ever played. i'm happy for it's launch on android cuz i didn't have my iphone anymore.
stanley evans : easily the best app i've played all year. if you're a fan of casual infinite runners, or you liked games like temple run, this is must-have game.
skyler v : i keep falling of the ledges and nothing happens. uninstalled asap. waste of time.
a google user : it's at best an ok game, the style is not even uniqe and extreemly repetitive. it's just nicely done.
leonardo yip : everything is beautiful, the music, the graphics. i love how the day and weather can change
steven voronko : i love games with these types of graphics because they are simple yet beautiful. and the game play has a good story behind it!
london harp : this whole game is so aesthetic and addicting! it's a great game for quiet nights when you're alone and bored
antonio arroyas : beautiful graphics with a minimalist style that reminds me of monument valley. it's an action game with simple controls and soothing music. best game i've played in 2016 so far. runs perfectly on my nexus 6p.
jamie keogh : great game with a really pretty style. the music fits perfectly, very relaxing to play
josh price : force closes at opening screen
llyr bowen : an amazing game so glad that they included the welsh language (cymraeg) in it. thank you
zakk black : i like the gameplay, it really interest me and my friends. keep improving the updates
girish anand dorah : please fix blackout screen during game play its so annoying.
gregory gillespie : a truely gorgeous game, the only addition that i could think of is crash physics, but thats just my addiction, floppy physics.
dreadbot : its kinda boring wouldn't say the worst but it's lame
audric wang : beautiful graphics, and i haven't been able to put my phone down.
josh kv : great game!!! fun to pass the time... quality graphics and level system. maybe add a few more tricks like a front flip or something
legend644 : one of my favorite games. stunning art style and addicting game mechanics. i would love a frontflip option though.
gandes krisantyo : despite all the good reviews, it cannot be played on my zenfone 2. you guys should fix this, or maybe you guys should put the zenfone 2 in your promo ads. looking forward to play it..
ryan g : absolutely a 5* game! beautiful artwork, idiot-proof control, definitely reminiscent of flappy, and others
bradan taylor : great graphics, easy controls, fun to play. not something that takes alot of concentration or time to play.
greg l : pretty fun game! perhaps implement some sort of upgrade system that would allow you to improve flipping speed and jumping. maybe a daily bonus as well.
rodrigo premazzi : after the title, the game plays a song and nothing more appears, just a black screen. i have an asus zenfone 2
larissa oliveira : my new favorite game. i love played this game. it's simple and beautiful with small details. congratulations for all people that produce this game.
matthew parish : love this game.. its simplistic but just works.. the colours are amzing
dennis moh : why there suddenly appeared a hut out of the blue and some elder chasing you until a chasm? it's a bit to challenging to shake off that guy. and...the chasm is sometimes impassable even i jumped perfectly.
chase isacs : definitely should download so fun never get board never i recommend you download it
billy mann : i can hear first start up sounds but just stays as black screen and doesn't launch fully! please fix
robert garcia : the artwork is the best and smoothest i've ever seen,great work on this game it's amazing
rin onishi : i absolutely love this game! it's beautiful,fun and never stops :d sure it may only have one song but that one song is amazing!
nishant_nr7 : just cant believe its so amusing. been playing for hours. one of the best games ever
yogeshwaran kannan : i would give 5 stars before i start play coz the visual of the game is absolutely amazing. it pulls me to download nd play the game. i hope the game must b very interesting nd entertaining so tat then it deserves 5 stars . lets see !
tim hurley : after i installed i immediately played this game for an hour and a half straight and got to level 10, really addictive love the art, audio, physics, gameplay/goals/achievements. really fun and recommended.
robert nagle : beautiful scenery and no ads and doesn't lag or cause problems
julian dawkins : best visuals i've seen in a mobile game in a long time.
kathy jakala : i will say it's kind of boring and it gets me frustrated but other than that its a pretty good game
ryan suwito : but this is easily the most beautiful game i've ever played on a handheld device.
aron sullivan : great game, but it could use a front flip control and more upgrades. even just visual upgrades.
bruno uliano : a very good game, with great scenarios and everything. should add front flip
jacopo volpin : i love it, great game mechanics, mind blowing art assets and stile.
adam : this was the only app that i missed on my ipad and now i'm so glad i can play it again. thank you for porting to android!
thediamondsmuglers : hello noodlecake i absolutely love your new game "alto" but if you want it to get better i have a few ideas for improvement: add more upgrades as there is little to what you can upgrade, add a customisation to our hero so that players can express how they want to look, also you could add some form of upgrade in the flip time and speed you can reach as it can make the experience more emersive, finally keep up the great work you have made some amazing games which i love and i hope more games this good come.
ahmad salmin : dont waste you're time, only black screen and some music playing #uninstall
rice man : very addictive game. things don't cost money, so you can get the whole thing free.
sovanjan banerjee : nothing to say anything about it.awesome background music also
lame : no glitches or bugs. has amazing art style and very easy to use. i recommend this game for anyone
kiran5456 : cool idea and fun to play, but some missions seem impossible. by the way buy the wingsuit it's epic!
hussein abbas : this game is awesome! i really great game to have fun with outside house or when u r waiting for a bus or something like that! love it
anoop surej : i've waited for this game to be released on android ever since i saw the gameplay in ios. its a beautifully crafted game with the right amount of physics elements. the soundtrack is soothing and gorgeous. more ios games should be released on android. in short, i love everything about this game! kudos the the developers!
marilyn martinez : its fine but its keep on freezeing plz fix that my unchkel is playing fine with that plz fix it
brad mcconnell : game was working great until the character froze in mid air, only happened once on my lg g4
dovile strimiene : the graphics were amazing but can you add new characters and more power ups.and can you add new areas like a moutain and the mount evrest. other then that the game is cool!
atom : this game is gorgeous. hope they make more artistic games like this. so far no issues with the game.
jess : i really enjoy playing this game! it also scares me when the man comes after my player!
matt mosher : not bad. gets old fast. not much there as far as gameplay.
michael ortiz : very well made and the artwork is fantastic. hope to see more games from you guys!
jeff cilenti : nice game! however, the screen times out when playing. using galaxy s6.
waytobe kelsey : it's addictive and amazingly designed. great graphics, and if it were 9 dollars, i'd buy it in a heartbeat. one of the best and i say its right up there with minecraft! it's controls are super easy to use. totally recomend this game to anyone!!!
jack sharp : still had black screen after first boot up.... my device is a hudl 2.
duke sen : the controls are easy and the music is just great. i find myself playing this for hours and still its just great. thanks for this great distraction!! :)
roban thomas : cute and artistic visuals with atmospheric weather sounds and a day night cycle. it has more to offer than games similar to this. it's also a nice quick relaxing game... reminds me of the game 'journey'.
jared burton : i'm still having the issue where it hangs on the black screen after the title logo. looks like it would be fun though. i'll re rate once it's fixed and i get to actually play it tho.
sam harris : can't stop playing, this game is simple but exciting. great job.
tyler coggins : this is one of those games that you can pass the time with. it has soothing music,good physics... i recommend you download it
klaudijus i. : when you hit the rock and go flying, can you make like that you can grab an a llama? it would be awesome if you could do that :)
shreyas vivek : sickeningly awesome graphis and music is too good more characters are needed
beo bang : this is by far one of the best games i have ever played, best graphics too.
neel dey : i liked the graphics as compared with this sized games but it is kind of geometrycal
patrick massie : great all around game. play it anywhere, love the zibe it gives and very relaxing.
sayantan maiti : you'll love the parallax awesomeness this relaxing game has.
nicholas leong : free to play with iap and an option to revive once by viewing a video ad which i think is fair
nathanael vidhi : still black screen
akash barve : the game does not start at all on asus zenfone 2
a google user : one of the best games i'll ever play in my life, so clean and smooth.
eric aiello : beautiful landscapes, simple but challenging game play, and very relaxing sounds and colors. highly recommended.
martino campagnetto : song plays but nothing just a black screen hudl 2
prateek joshi : it's such a good game. i never thought a game could be so soothing. amazing graphics!!
melroy dantes : amazing game, love the concept, mind blowing interface, amazing sounds and very pleasing to the eyes!!
maurice hackshaw : simple, yet has a lot going on. the music is great as well and this is a real comment.
john carlo tibayan : such cool. much amazing. very like
philip jones : i like the game, when it doesn't crash
david : yet so beautiful and outstanding! great time waster.
earnest udin : only play when feel bored but its fun
anjani bhardwaj : i never thought there will be another game as beautiful as the monument valley but here it is... kudos to the developers....
swaroop ghule : love the crazy adventure and the mind bobling flips and stunts
marc torres : the graphics and sound design are absolutely beautiful. very addictive as well. overall and awesome game
samim samim : it starts showing error after a level of around 31
shyla wolf : it was bad animations and disqualify the ads
nate leary : best game ever. it's beautiful, fun, simple, and addicting. get this game it is very good
abdulqadir abdulghani : it deserves a 5 star, liked the graphics and the game plays well and that weather change is incredible
jam boy : i would rather pay a high purchase price than put up with the intrusive adds
glen buckner : the art style and soothing music is a nice alternative to the typical snowboard app.
ting yee chang : graphic 2.5 wow. gameplay simple yet addicted. 5 for awesome game.
swayam bhowmick : its such an amazing game. very addicting too. i will definitely recommend to try it.
anumey sharma : truly a work of art... the game has one of the most beautiful sceneries, the concept is fun and truly mesmerizing...
xenon the dragon : this game is beautiful and unpredictable. everybody should play this game
hob gobliin : this game is the definition of fun! it has great graphics and outstanding game mechanics. i love doing flips and stunts! i have high expectations for you and your further work, keep it up!
b bos : the art style and mechanics are perfect. this is an awesome take on the endless runner genre
natasha spice : doesn't load. just have black screen after title screen
raissa a : this game is very fun and addicting the one that makes the game awesome is the graphics and this is the best game i download and this game is awsome evryone loves it
john murphey : one of the most sleekest interfaces of any fone game i've ever played
kavali krishna : boring game we experting more
pranay dixit : the game just works perfectly.love the visuals, music, gameplay.everything is lovely.it makes you live in that moment.love playing it again and again.great game guys.hope to see more like this
amirul mukminin : great game,good graphics but i have problems with the menu screen and touch issue. please fix it. thank you
joseph connelly : i've been waiting for this game to come to android. it's gorgeous. it's free without ads. it makes it that much better!
satish pradhan : such a great game ... the design and gameplay is so simple and unique. reminds me of limbo. a wonderful addtion to android.
alan costa : not a bad game from a design standpoint but still a shameless ripoff of ski safari. movin' on.
isaac hill : as a youtube gaming community this would have to be one of the best looking games of 2015
india childs : visually this game is simply a triumph- i really enjoyed the music, too.
kalen v : omg omg omg that's the best thing i've ever seen that is awesome
gemma jones : the most satisfying game on my phone right now!
aikhoje alakhume : so easy to master just got it today and it was my friends who introduced me to the trend
alex merrill : plays out really fast. thers only on button, jump. q, why is there a rainstorm on top of a snowy mountain? sometimes the powerups are impossible to get.
mr shaks : you should add more stuff to the game and make the rocks more visible at night bcuz i keep falling over them when i cant see them even when my brightness is up
yong ling : simple yet beautiful visual art, easy-to-play one-touch control. no cons found here. nice work, noodlecake studios & snowman studios!
lord zoltan : so this is a ski safari clone. the problem is, ski safari does it better. and ski safari 2 being free and offering more, why would you want to play this? it's not a bad game, just lacks options to make it more fun.
tangcangco rodney : i like this game but some bugs are really break my game,i playing sometimes its hanging and laggy pls fix ill give u 5 stars if you fix it and pls add a shops to buy something
eat the oleander : i get black screen whenever i launch it! please help!
ronel miko canales : the upgrades cost too much like the wingsuit and the llama horn. also would you put some coin rewards in doing tricks ? that's all. thanks
rohan bhardwaj : thank you for this game i have been waiting for this game long time
chum drum : i only got this app today, but from what i have seen this game is really addicting and fun
saint jibbz : why do you need device data history, microphone permission, locations etc
cloud drako : this game us so beautiful!!!! it also runs amazingly +highly recommend to anybody but please devs make it easier to see rocks
andrikpm : it is the type of game i have been looking for because i have been bored with all the other games available because they dont have the style of gaming i want vut this game does fill that hole of satisfaction for gaming that i have been so craving.
alastair nicholl : stunning graphics and simple gameplay makes this game addictive and a joy to play.
david green : great artwork, nice music, interesting game-play, and some of the goals are really challenging. but not impossible, at least so far...
kye rafferty : the quality of this game is superb. really surprised that it is free. one of the top 5 games for sure
krishna teja : no comment s . & super & very nice . music is relaxing game is very mind relaxing.
tony ni : would be good but i hate it when it changes to night, makes it impossible see anything. please remove nightime.
peter child : amazingly crisp visuals a long with fun and addictive gameplay with a good reward system. 5/5
mani teja : just a black screen not more than that..!
carlos de armas : the game is absolutely beautiful, especially the sunrise! the game play is simple and fun! the music is super relaxing!
amelia deng : one of the rare games on google play. love how the background changes.
soniel otero : i mean, the art, the colors, how every changes so quick, i love it. it moves smooth and fast, no lag, no bugs. just fine.
sharath satish : a truly addictive game!! just couldn't be any better.. the music is soothing to the ears!!
amber vu : i've got this game in the app store on apple but costs money, but on google play store, it's for free! the graphics and music really fantasizes the game! it deserves 5 !
stephanie rose : this game is super fun, great graphics, simple but challenging.
cameron wynn : loved this game, it reminds me of tiny wings on ios.
abhilash malguri : a beautiful juxtaposition of childhood daredevilry and matured childishness.
magesh sridhar : the game is perfect.. but the fps is horrible.. iam using an oneplus x and it lags a lot!! please fix it with an update
stephen peyton : can't stop playing. simple and fun
a google user : graphics flow is amazing. game play is easy, challenging and always new.
shashank champ : i lv dis game.... better than temple run... bt plzz i dont to play dis game in night... ita lok very good in day
mersilviah george : amazing and easy to play. it also helps relax you.hmm...i wish life was like this game
lee doherty : won't go past black screen after logo, even after the update
andrea de la fuente : its so much fun to play it. i love the graphics and the game its self
bernie kappler : ski safari clone thats just not as good. better controls are desperately needed. if ur going to copy an idea at least try to make it better than the original !! the restrictive nature of the character kills it for me !!
spencer d : i had all power ups unlocked then randomly had to restart my progress... please fix, other than that great game
stefan graves : i love it when the elders chase after me because it gives me fear
ramandeep malhotra : just when i'd given up on infinite runners!
jnandeep dev sarma : 1st game i play in android that changes time... great concept sir!
samir kushwaha : great job done by the developers. game works absolutely fine in lower end devices too. am in love with this game!
alissa asocar : the graphics and artwork of this game are extremely beautiful, it's the only endless runner game that i actually enjoy.
rakesh nair : such a peaceful experience, just gliding through the hills. must try!
anush a : amazing game! and oh, the music is ridiculously awesome!
austin emery : i love the game but i would like to see front flips and such added.
daniel natoli : stunning graphics (flawless!), soothing tunes and addictive gameplay. one of the few games on google play that truly deserve 5 stars!
tavis bader : graphics are really nice to look at, and the gameplay is very smooth. great game overall. must have!
vikrant ghadge : doesn't work on my asus zenfone 2! shows black screen!
miden raj : nice background visuals, smooth control, polished effects....might be the next big thing....
kropiix tm : "alto stopped working" while trying to start the app
bouli neige : i have bought this game on my iphone, it was great. but on my s6 is eve better!
laia croissantini : really nice graphics and music, perfect to rest and take a break
aiden : such a good game! credit where credit is due, i can't wait for the updates!
rizki apriadana : the app doesn't start - asus fonepad 8
reid anderson : had this for iphone. happy it's finally on droids.
alexis duran : i love this game because it's so pretty and it's addicting i play it whenever i have free time it's so fun and beatiful
vaibhav manocha : i love it. great gameplay. it's not too repetitive. an absolute joy to play
a google user : i enjoyed this game a lot so i purchase the double coin to support developer.
rajbabloo majhi : usually i dont rate games but i would like 2 give 5 * for this wonderful game
umar kayani : as always you've outdone yourselves noodlecake! great game, easy to control, addictive!
aaron elliott : great graphics, nice calm music, simplistic playing style...love this game!
jasmin mair : no update available for me. will update the review once i can try it out!
joseph boshart : i dont really play games but this is the game it has beautifull graphics and a great theam a1
dylan winters : this game sucked ecause of that stupid pause
tarek ahmad : i don't know why it pauses, but i lost interest.
elioenai roberto pro : good and simple graphics, an amazing soundtrack and a simple gameplay.
rionald chancellor : stunning yet simple from the game play to the graphics. well done!
rj deke : the background and visuals are astounding! this game makes me happy :)
shashank shandilya : but screen is not staying awake while playing.... in redmi note
nikita narang : very beautiful game but the screen gets very dark during the night scene and its hard to see the words
sagar sonawane : super awesome music effects and graphics.
moynank mulchandani - 66 : it feels like heaven and actually feels like u are skeeing in heaven.
isabella gonzalez : this game is so cute and it has great graphics. the music is very relaxing!
_y.g nxthxn_ : very good but if you could get different snowboards that either match characters abilities or mix and match abilities. for example maya has a board that makes her flip even faster or you could add the board to paz
shinta puspita : challenging, fun, and relaxing. exelent
alexander nezhelsky : asus zenfone 2 ze551ml - black screen after the title
kaloyan bratoev : amazing animation and effects. very well for the winter season :-)
itsyaboiomar : game runs solid and a very calm game can you just maybe add a shop for accesories to purchase with coins?
michael williams : great game very addictive, spectacular graphics. i love this game the music is really good to.
andy dante : i like it. user interface make me comfort to playing this game. good
soumen ganguly : the music is wonderful...i felt refreshed after half an hour of gameplay...the interface is also very good...overall very good
lele sinonim : i just play this game so i share. with my freind so my freind. like it to. so i too
amir akid marwilis amir hakim : prettty damn good! best time waster....only that its hard when night cuz you barely see rocks....btw its awesome, simple and addictive :)
jitu rajkhowa : i don't like this game... it's boring. and the graphics are really bad
brandon frazier : if only because it has llamas
jaydeep hasmukhlal : from graphics to animation to the dynamic day and night. it's perfect in every way.
eris d : best android game i played in a long time
samantha hoover : sahweet game. my valentine and i played it together all night.
muhamed ajihar : wow amazing graphis and which is tell about how nature are beautiful... mind bloing game
igor : absolutely love this game, i'm so happy it's finally here. definitely worth downloading.
rohan c : i paid for the double coins so why give me adds? i understand the adds you chose to continue or gain gold but giving me an add when i end my run seems insane when i already paid the premium cost of it?
vishal. bhat : kills the time so perfectly. but need some extra stuff to make it higher level fun. snow board game always rocks, loving it..........
suman bhaumik : hangs after title music. reinstalled but still the same
amos rhee : really do enjoy and love the "minimalist" graphics in this game.
martin waller : love this game, easy to play and so relaxing, music is great too.
derek nguyen : app can't run, it crashes after opening.
atanu bhattacharjee : plz plz plz optimise the game... its have lagging a lot
rhys hou : great graphics.simple but challenging game play.
kane cassidy : just black screen on my device
nathan penkert : this is beautiful, really it is. i would really love to have back-flip and front-flip control. please? also, could there be better control for how high you jump off the ground? i feel like i have control, but i then i think it's my imagination. outstanding game!
laura varanda : such a wonderful game! simple to learn, but still challenging. no annoying adds all the time, it's an offline game and has great graphics... so far, it's perfect.
landon jensen : i thought it would be a copy of a original game but its really fun.
jester : this game looks so majestic
j alva : just see stars and nothing else..
shirish tawde : i was jst searching for new game nd i got best one !!
ghostfinger63 : great game very first to download, now 1 thousand. i made this game popular.
mhan raj : ..... it irritates when u can't revive unless watch a video or pay few coins... life should be taken back with few any options or collect extra life in the run etc.
davis odom : beautiful game. amazing aesthetic. zen and exciting at the same time. loving this so far.
deryk michel : i love the game, the design style and music. but wouldn't it make more sense for it to be an adventure game?
lwrc fng : serenity and tranquility from a game i did not expect. well done!
amsher : awesome game. you have to try it. the music is just fantastic.
amy ray : i wonder if it was made by the same people who made monument valley...
a google user : already bought this for an apple device and it was awesome! this is no different
kodiak young : great mobile game! easy to learn and have fun playing.
bryan wallick : if kanya west was to chose which he liked, he would chose this game
haytham alrifai : fun to play while on the go. the objectives keep you playing everyday.
muhammad ghiyas yusron : really love the experience. nice graphics, music, and neat gameplay too
ruhul alam choudhury : nice graphics, nice music, and above all nice adventure.
elijah flint : simply a beautiful game. wonderful dynamics and flow.
robert eli : i'm absolutely in love with the game! the visuals are beautiful, the sounds are immersive, the controls are solid, the concept and objective ("story") are (is) cute, and the game has a lot of replayability. i can only give this game praise. this is truly what all mobile games should strive for. and it's free?! i don't believe it! download this now! [from playing on a samsung galaxy note 5]
ph littleton : visually stunning, and all around smooth gameplay.
akkshhey banarkkar : awesome game. very addictive. changing scenario and background day is quite attractive.
a google user : this game is smooth, beautiful, and fun. great side scroller
krishna prasad : sometimes, the game music gets disabled automatically
bruce pinkman : i have played many games,this is one of my favorite.
dead : it's like ski safari but with good graphics and music.
a google user : been waiting for so long for this to come to android! one of the best looking games on android.
antitty iii : the design of the game is just beautiful. nice work .
amr koptan : i love this game, thanks alot for the experience
benji : i love the art and music! keep up the amazing work!
diego alcaraz : this game is amazing. i think that it should win every award for a great game.
andre peden : great graphics, good concept, and one of the best visuals on a phone i have ever seen!!!
osheen acharya : this game is having smooth graphics and amazing visuals which attracts us while playing !!!!
anirban kopty : seems like a marshmallow game. the graphics, music etc. are awesome.
l_0ch g : very creative and innovative! amazing graphics and great music. this needs an award.
sarveshwaran raghupathy : would be fun if u guys could add more stunts other than the backflip
james ward : simple, soothing, it's genius. smooth moves and tranquil music make it a memorable game for sure. (maybe add some other tricks to do mid-air)? apart from that, very good.
kole chasteen : got this game when it just hit the market, amazing graphics, fun amd addictive game! i would recommend this to anyone!! love it.
mitch r. : update said they fixed it, no it didn't. hangs on my asus zenfone 2 4/64 so i can't even try it out...
arina nuha : simple game play, amazing graphic, amazing sound effect.
derek st. amand : i never review games but had to for this. absolutely brilliant app!
jacob becker : cant sync progress across devices. fix that and its a 5
lucky seven : adverts. i'd pay for the game,
faddy black : wowwww i never regret it .. this game should get the award best game of 2016 ..
reza abang : good graphics and please add an avalaunch it will be much more funner with the avalaunch!!!
steven boon : nice visuals and song goes along with the background...keep up the work
joao vitor gonclaves : simple game, but a great game. better than the ios version.
prem harshe : a must game for time pass. good graphics ang background display.
nayeem islam : this is one of those games.
devyne stephen : not a waste of time with amazing visuals and mechanics.also an amazing sound track
joel the pizza wizard : i think there should be more upgrades. more stuff to it.
subham limbu : i like how atmospheric the game is and yet so simple. a very well made game.
mayank malhotra : awesome graphics but it should contain any theme not like flawless running but its good
danny kellard : beautiful visuals, awesome simple game play, great music. so relaxing
reginald holmes : really great game play. like the different endless running concept. nice!
anthi gaidartzi : amazing graphics for such a small, cute and free game! > i would love if you can make it so you costumize alto or get more upgrades! < 10/10
parodoxmusiq : i think this game is awesome keep it up.
kimchi 109 : really fun. i like the progression system. really great graphics and artwork. good music and sound.
desmomd valentine : great app great graphics,need more ways to make money
nishain de silva : totally fascinating. the visual and music is really calm and artistic.love it.
tiara amalia wulandari : love the game! simple, and the visual and music are nice i hope there will be new characters
freak aniket : graphics are great, music is relaxing and the gameplay is so much fun.
abhishek sherpa : graphics great .. need ufo's at night .. and also add some riding stuffs like reindeer.. but still great game ... no issues in my phone ... credits to editor.
henry bourne : i love it however i would love to be able to customize things more such as the way i look or the speed and manoeuvrability of alto
shubham singh : awesome graphics n sound, gameplay cud be improved
jason majie : after a few tries and once u learned how to play, its really fun to play
maciej reuter-gargol : relaxing yet fun game. great design and mechanics. also nice slavic theme.
charlie briggs : no ad's, beautiful visuals and great gameplay
anas abrhm : simple. yet soothing and nice looking graphics. and sounds eftcs are great too.
lewis barthaud : make it easier to play across tablet/phone
ian lees : relaxing, beautiful, simplistic. this is what mobile gaming is about.
muhsin hameed : the game has an awesome environment. the changing in day and night is super
james edwards : awesome game! its realy fun graphics are great. five stars!
erikkans : i'll give it a 17 pizzas outta 17 burgers for this game. would eat it
philip lalruatsanga : happy to see this game finally for android. unlike most games the ads are not that conspicuous.
tom erskine-jones : flawless graphics style and relaxing gameplay, must buy.
uncouthkarl : the landscape, change of time, and theme all make this a wonderful creation
premium melons : game runs smooth and looks fantastic. very fun as well.
himanshu sood : i really enjoyed the game. i'm a game designer myself and i really appreciate the beauty of this game. well done
bobby binston : its a well developed game with a great aesthetic to it. good job
ramsudhir k : nice adventure game and the location are also beautiful .the game is so interesting
ned neal : amazing but needs more stuff like updrades but awesome and very adictive game.
sumeet parab : clutter free and simple endless runner with refreshing graphics!!!
arjun v pradeep : not working on asus zenphone.
g williams : all i have to say is that this is the best game, except the back flip could be a little faster and if u had a sugestion to update the you should add a story to alto's life
logan long : incredible beautiful effects and scenery in this well made game
geoff tuttle : long wait for the android version but it was worth it. lovely game.
derrick : can't get past title screen.
smoku 1401 : ive just got one request upgrades for alto and his board
jeff gray : very well designed and thought out. no bugs
sai chaitanya raparti : this game is very simple and minimalistic. the graphics are decent. i play a lot of this game.
og giahzi : awesome game... easy but challenging at the same time
yash chandrakar : smooth nice and graphically amazing and extraordinary (good job devs)
adistya steelciawan : i can't think of more beautiful game than this
sabarish balasubramaniam : this adventure makes me forget about the real world
rahul thosar : great music matched with great design. looooved it
marcus hague : probably the only game on android i've really enjoyed.
biswojyoti das : this game is so beautiful, especially at night time. wow.great graphics and music
pranava swaroopa : graphics, gameplay,music everything is so awesome. so relaxing. and fun
spandan nautiyal : simple yet soothing game experience... simple concept but a great visual show in the game...
faridah badahar : best game and amd you guys should download but cant control backflip while land otherwise awesome
tang y : i like the style of this game.
makia rose olson : awsome so addicting keep makin these games. pls
francisco castillo : would like to see more levels added or backgrounds
will t : visually great game, can't see in dark
spencer launey : one of the best free games on the play store!
christian lim : alto's adventure is not a game. it is life.
daniel grisham : but the ads are terrible. i can't pay to get rid of them?
javier avecilla : the game is great and i love the music, please release it on spotify
rohan awasthi : when i launch this game its says alto is unfortunately stopped pls fix this...
#r i p - rise in peace : soothing and peaceful bgm & superb graphics with nice transitions of day, night, sunset, sunrise & rain.
alex holroyd : amazing game, with great soundtrack and graphics and so much potential with this game
mitchell wolovets : please make more tricks this game is to good to only have one trick
isaac arnold : the game and the graphics and controls are just awesome...nice to have such a game
james k : awesome. one of the few games i play addictively to get achievements.
blueangel wolf : i love it i have been so far you can't believe it
pkjay : it has great graphics and quality and love the story line and gameplay
vasu bansal : it's the most beautiful game that i've ever played.
my collection : this game is so beautiful and relaxing. best endless game ever...
danny clarke : pretty poor copy of ski patrol..
shamanth s : beautiful game, i wish there were more like these...could have more tricks, could add more...but, kudos to the developers!
ghazi kenny chai : finally available for play store!
landon palmer : impossible to get past the first level!
hyperion : its a must try game in my opinion.
matt allegro : the most beautiful game i've seen on a phone ever very addicting
andrew potter : there are zero adverts in the game i could sit and play this game all day.
mattias casal : i love this game soooooooooo much.its soo addicting and it calms me down
abdul faizan : i have downloaded it once again and it respond it is working.
james thornton : however i thoroughly enjoy this game.
saurabh chakrabarthi : i seldom come across such beautifully designed games with proper physics ! hats off !!!
subhasish paul : gd graphics & obviously gd
andrew marsden : love the game but when i started it today i was back to the start and lost all progress.
d wahyu : there a little problem in option menu
nate gryczka : graphics are impressive but the game is only fun for about 20 minutes.
neelesh dayal : good graphics exellent music simple and beautiful and the way to picturize day and night was too good there should be controls for backward and foeward
eres ferro : i feel like purchasing this game, no unavoidable ads
jesse jehan : there definitely needs to be an altos village live wallpaper
carson laprise : the game is kind of us idective butt eeeee it cool i guess
vikas choudhary : the scenic beauty and the calm music makes it different
noah wade : the details and the simplicity of the game is perfect
lina fontip : galaxy note cannot play with pen
vivien chin : so easy to learn but so addictive
charles lachmanec : a legendary gaming experience with high quality graphics
armand ward : kind of a cool laid back type of game
keirsten mccoig : pretty cool i loved it 5 stars
musicboysince1999 : this game is just beautiful and relaxing and really fun
jon king : easy to use simple gameplay great sound is very relaxing.
gary r : title/splash screen comes up the it closes completely. uninstalled... droid turbo
justin miller : the game is a fantastic indie game i would love to see it on consoles
a google user : the game has perfect graphics, an incredible soundtrack and is so easy to love and play! 5* always!
mandeep kaur : best skateboarding game ever played only to improve the graphics and clearity
andre lewis : one of the most breathtaking runners i have ever enjoyed playing
dylan gitalis : best production quality and design i have ever seen on mobile
aaroniantv jr. : it was so good i diid a review on my youtube amazing
zer0gravity : i just wish that there was a little bit of character customize
justin myers : this game has me on it for hours great visuals and concept love it
tonya w : the llamas run fast also great graphics and a bunch of fun
leon lukosevicius : this is one of your best games noodlecake and snowman
adam wieseler : a much needed game to change your mobile gaming life
shivam rock singh : the best game on google play without spend your data
sam corbett : lovely art style and soundtrack make the tight gameplay all the more enticing
a google user : good graphics. challenging. i enjoy the minimalistic look and feel.
ace muiz : guys, they need money to make this beautiful game.
jack stotler : this is very gorgeous and very fun. not fond of snow? this will change your mind. great game!!!
random person : it has a good art style good story good everything i love the game
ritvik : i give it 5stars it is sooo good
mackenzie coleman : i love it its great to help pass the time
haleigh borg : this is the most amazing game i have ever played
surabhi verma : i want to b alto in real life
a google user : pls could u give maya more speed
jorge valdez : i really like the artistic style of this game
shakib a. faridi : i will give six star out of 5
willis harvey : thank you for porting this to android!!
a google user : has great lands and can be challenging but is a whole lot of fun you should so play it
majed ali : best game i played and the effect are very beautiful and make me relaxed
michael wolf : such a simple, yet addicting game. and the game is beautiful!
david joseph : this game is the most addictive game ive ever played on my phone noodlecake did a great job
faiz authar : warn for u guys,an addiction
spencer : it's been on apple for awile now and i was waiting for android but now it's here!!!
j.c. stansberry : this game is very addictive! plus the graphics and music is really awesome
jakson shiel : very artistic and has a lot of culture, has a lot of potential.
alex : i had this game when there was 5k downloads it is going farrr and ver good worth the space
opa diestrong : just like that i can play without being swallowed up by having to build a kingdom
ryan peel : i would love the game even more if u added wolves totally rate 5stars
teddy iyke : plz add a lama mode where you are runnung from alto and making other lamas escape too
aldrian tan : the gorgeous graphics and the ambience makes it a great game
a google user : i love this game so much, the music, the design, everything. even the llamas, they're funny. i feel relaxed somehow.
silver yedes : did not really work but it looks cool though
vikas chitkara : beautiful graphics . nice gameplay deserves five stars.
roshan pais : such simple, elegant and awesome game! love love it!
rahul krishna : the game is very peaceful to play with the peaceful colours and simple controls
dheerendra gupta : pause option add top on screen i play game proble
bakka chin : black screen problem please fix
s u r y a : not tough enough kids game
a google user : the most beautiful game i've ever played.
nikshep a v : simplistic graphics and stunning visuals used in the game
ashish bajaj : by far this is the best arcade game i have ever played on smartphones! thank you for making it. :)
adrian wisnu : the game is awesome. but the trick is only backflips? come on, give us some more..
manish banjara : the best part of this music and i really love it... and the game too
rahul sharma : officially one of my best games of all time.!!
a google user : love it! this game is gorgeous and addictive af, the music is cool too, kinda relaxing (imo). edit: it's gone! ok 5-stars, this is just a suggestion, you should add cloud saving, being able to have the same level (same account of course) in different devices like coc. please add this.
brandon : always reverts to home screen
jason wang : simple yet incredibly fun. warning: it's addictive!
abdul fattah redzuan shukri : seronok nyer main ni... addicted... good job well done developer...
simon foy : graphics are so simple, yet stunning.
hrishikesh kakade : this game is really addictive and amazing
kyler david : more details and scenes and amazing perks and amazing places....more things
samarth sevak : installed, but it just hangs after the opening
tyler micklewright : the game is so easy to play and the background and scenery look awesome and have amazing colours you can do flips on the game and everything i would recommend this game to anyone
kevin donley : shouldn't the title not have an apostrophe? an apostrophe s is short for is, so is the title alto is adventure? will be 5 stars when fixed
ashwani sharma : please add some more tricks but the graphics are so good overall its a good game
abdullah tayyab : the graphics are excellent and simple to play please make another series like this
kaustubh pote : the graphics are minimalistic, the music is soothing and the gameplay is simple.
andrew collette : would love to see the characters have upgradeable attributes, like speed, stability, jump height, etc.. very beautiful and fluid gameplay though.
dhruv b : great aesthetic, calming music and simple gameplay.
goldy : you have only 1 thing to do that please put some extra stunts and another areas to skate i hope this is in next update but overall game is prettu good
luke byne : great game and its pretty simple to level up!!
daniel zoleta : works perfect on nexus 6p. very addicting.
steve m : well done. please don't change anything.
70 chitran chakrabortty : this game is so atmospheric, it is so addictive and such a great game!
joseph chapman : this game is has a great art style, a exciting game experience, and a unique soundtrack! this game is a master piece!
nahum larios : looks easy but its somewhat relaxing too, definitely a must
christian bradley : this game is great. it's simple but fun and looks great.
oscar perez jr. : an overall fun balanced game with good graphics
cole morrison : the visuals are so amazing and the whole game is so serene
duncan munro : just play it. it relaxes you. it looks lovely. it's wonderful fun.
saswat kumar dash : best game in google play..simple n beautiful.best with headphones on
arpit sharma : seriously it is the best game. awesome graphics.
trey highland : simple game, beautiful scenery, great atmosphere.
kuladeep maddula : game is addictive because of the music and the scenaries...
vishuz live : this game is reallreally hat's off ..mind should be change
simon yeeter : this is the absolute hands down best game on the playstore!
luthfi zulfan : nice graphic. i love it!
fraser angus : beautiful game, so smooth on my nexus 9
gundeep singh : it's only shows black screen.. it's hanging to much... fix it or i will uninstall it.
my chemical disco : i do t i is how long this game has been out but it better be new because this is such an amazing game hopefully it blows up
keegan ferrell : beautiful game, simple mechanics.
indrid cole : i love the minimalist graphics. bravo
k g : beautiful graphics, lacking in gameplay.
ty will : simply one of the most visually amazing games of the year so far.
benjamin farmer : a great way to pass long waits.
shubharthi dasgupta : great game.. the graphics are superb.. can expand a bit though
nurko 187 : one of the best games i've found in the google store. just brilliant. :)
czsc : got to title screen and then was black, didn't load at all
shane clark : need more coins
voodo fe : it is addictive as it is beautiful, bravo noodle cake
mohd bazli mohd azam : no ads obstructing. great game design and music.
icyrez : had it on my iphone and i loved it.
steve benson : good overall game, but lack of cloud backup means i can't play across multiple devices. add cloud save and this is 5 stars.
seshu sayanan : a very beautiful game
nate romiski : such a simple concept executed perfectly....simple and awesome game
daniel : love the art still very good game ever leve is diffrent like level 10 u get a different characters whith different skills
chris worthy : really like this one guys graphics are fun"
a google user : excellent game, credit to the developers!
margaret richardson : it's a fun mindless game
tushar islam : i really love this game *_*
joe d : good time waster
monish de : great game nice sound effects and good graphics....
rohit nambrath : had a suggestion though....will you please make alto little bigger....it's hard to focus on such a small character....
gaurav : i just can't stop loving those scenes and graphics !!!
swarnendu roy : refreshing, beautiful and engaging.
ast e : showin how to be simple but dope
siratim mustaquim : a bit more control over the character would be great.
a j : great music. awesome graphics. ambience. feel nice ambience.
parshant panwar : one the best game i ever played. awesome work
jesse bergeron : there wasnt much to this game at all.
amilcar rivas : this game is just so...flipping gorgeous
bryce matties : it's awsome ce a p up the good werk
just another google user : absolutely brilliant. stunning graphics. mind cooling
dan shipman-toon : another fantastic game from noodlecake :-)
danjovi .sagat : works nicely, i like the way the day/ night works. :)
cory aviator : i love this game its so smooth and addicting.
d abbott : the music is so beautiful and the picture. i like it
dalton bramlett : unreal graphics and i love how the time of day changes.
zachary reynolds : one of the best games i've played on a phone and best looking
frank albano : love this game soo much, the visuals are fantastic
ivan lopez : visually, its very good, and entertianing
sreehari nair : has the best background music ,and graphics are the best
musayed nafis : wonderful graphics and sound... nodoubt a 5 star game
yuliana calvo : i really like the background and the other characters.
adhimitra subrahma : very beautiful, simple game.
matt : addictive, fun and well-made
dionisius dennis dativa : cute game and fun though
reid kopitzke : a good nonviolent game to blow time with
oddlife : so simple yet so beautiful
ayush porwal : game is great..!! but it reboots my phone after several gameplay ( approx. 5-8 gameplay ) . overall great game.. only thats the bug.. p.s. - oneplus x user
niels van der schans : finally a side scrolling snowboard game :-)
joey weiers : it had great graphics and was addicting
ryan rittenhouse : well done and enjoyable to play
kurt fintel : cool graphics and fun yet challenging gameplay
aaron zercher : great graphics and fun to play
syirain : this game is amazing! u should try it guys!!
juni salman : the game just like painting, beautiful
zachary lawrence : love this game great graphics, fun, entertaining
prem kodamala bobby : great creativity, good graphics, nice music
candia gu : this game is almost too pretty :o
kingdemo is here : the best game i've play all year
infected monster : great graphics & easy to controll
m c : easy control/ smooth graphics
l3ryan _ : great graphics, great game play, great music. just wonderful.
sanjay sreedhar : awesome guys. good work.music feels great
austin johnson : it is the best game ever. it is also addicting
a google user : awesome graphics and addictive gameplay.
sagar patel : beautiful game with great audio and artistic style.
luis amadeo : i love the atmosphere and the gameplay.
nishaant madhan : this game is awesome the graphics are so cool and it is easy to play must play this game.......
a google user : meditative game with gorgeous graphics and non intrusive ads.
vijay singh : one of the beat games ...i have ever played.
carter green : i'm glad it finally made the hip from ios
rohit lala : this game has endless running, endless fun, and endless great graphics
alfian rehanusa wibowo : good. the graphic its nice. i like it. simple too.
jinx c : asus zenfone 2 not working
vasvi balasaria : 4 star because i d really like customisation options and little more reward than just a new character on levelling up
imran uddin : i like the game, the weather changing, the background music, all of it
adit : this has me hooked to my phone!!
dumbage : great game
peter gazdarica : simple, beautiful, challanging, not impossibly hard
train boat : hahaha its free :d on iphone you have to pay
sabarish dbs : graphics works deserves a clean applause
akshay srivastava : a very good game must have it
luckhy banga : so nice game so beutifull graphics
cicero : good game good grafics for its type of game
goofy goober 2 : the art and everything looks beautiful
sumit yadav : i just love this game very much
haneef mussa : a unique and creative take on an endless runner
armando avalos : fun endless runner with nice art style
anju m. sipangkar : runs great on my asus zenfone c
yaseen khan : the game is fun but very addicting
muhammad ridzuan : really fun and the graphics are just awesome.
bayu putra : the best game, good
shashank trivedi : amazing music, cool graphics, beautiful morning & evening scenes...
rahul shah : the game got beautiful graphics ...and the background music is really very calming...gameplay is simple yet effective..loved it!!
mike longnecker : artistic, easy, and fun. i'm recommending this game to others.
parth joshi : this is a piece of art. nicely done.
anna acquaah : i can finally get to play the game
kristi mclaughlin : the attention to detail is stunning ..fun to play and look at..wish all games were this awesome!!!
brianna white : it looks like a good game but it doesn't want to work it just keeps on crashing. :(
mekhi chandler : it a fun and relaxing game i like da music and how you can level up and get upgraded
shauntel stephens : i think this game rocks!!!! i just wish there were options instead of the ads, i mean can alto have like 3 lives before the ads? i thoroughly enjoyed the gameplay over all and as a firstimer, i played for hours! but needs more control over movements. i couldn't land a flip because it moved too slow, but excellent game overall!!!
angel le boss : so addictive and i really like the gameplay
madhur prabhakar : nice game good work but how do i turn off night mode ? it's hard to play with dark background
kanthala raghu : possible the best game i love so far.
shiva kadlure : felt unique and the music is good. must play game.
drjuanguat : the graficts is amazing and it's a great runner game
anne mcpherson : when i tapped to jump it would not and i would just fall
a google user : beautiful combination of music and background theme!
vishnu nuk : relaxing experience..
maikya satoshi : so relaxing, simple, yet challenging
denzil buck : so much attention to detail went into this game.
thomas denham : easy to play and keeps you interested.
gopi krishna kanugula : really a good one.
goodlookinminer : great game but gets repetitive
michael fulton : most wonderful menus and ui. very responsive and clean
srinivasan : games feels so live....makes me forget the real.....i don't care about the simplicity of the game....the ambience is superb and naturistic...i love it
ashley graham : this game is fantastically amazingly great.
gabriel brookman : i recommend this because it is pretty and fun.
j c : absolutely beautiful, simple, and entertaining
m. insan kamil : it only appear as black screen on my zenfone 4
jawahar pinnelli : the game is gorgeous and a delight to look at. the soundtrack is amazing too.
pratham jain : i loved this game but the thing is that when we make a back flip there should be a key for leaning in front to make a frontflip and to adjust when we are going to crash and some mountained area where we just go zig zag and add a time of noon then this will be the most beautiful game ever
jamachabob bobythin : too good need more upgrades and environments.
altto bautista : finally a game with my name on it.
wayne neumann : really liked the game it's addictive
sonal bara : relaxing + adventurous
fabio chirco : fun with cool scenery. easily hooked.
cory lui : well developed! love that it offers gp achievements!
agung nazwa : cant open this game , i use zenfone 2 -____-"
ariq tuasikal : perfect game!!! i love the graphic and gameplay
sascha. johnson : it'd be cool if they crashed realistically...
vaishnavi sudarshan : in love with d game n d music ...except tat d jump thing doesn't respond somtyms ...it's amazing
avinash thomas : really addictive game!
jo sh : great scenery it's amazing
jayendra tare : amazing graphics....hi5 sound..great works really very nice game... thanx developers..
moises robles : love to play this game but it feels like i have to watch video ads to buy upgrades because of the rate of coins i get during several runs
rishi kaushik : played it during the most gruelling exam of my life.....
rame : nice game but requires too many permissions for a game
mohamed husein : really nice game the story line is good
nate herr : beautiful graphics and awesome game play
alena king : this game is awesome...no other words needed
cocokanojo : the settings page is invisible
adi : different from other games. good graphics and smooth gameplay, it's just simple and perfect! love it!
matej krescanko : i love this game. nice design.
javier : awesome graphics and nice senery!
matt nemar : its just such a great game
albert quebrar : 5 stars just from the visuals
war wolf : the best game the world has seen
eli : awesome graphics and everything else
aditya srivastav : beautiful graphics and background score
daniel holmberg : it is so cool in every way
nero mynameisnero : love it so much
angad oberoi : weather and day night cycle are beautiful
sandeepa nanayakara : amazing ambient music so immersive with the gameplay
mahavir singh : really happy to have that cute game
blake belcher : fun and keeps you interested
jim downing : beautiful and excellently executed endless runner
apple blueberry : love it runs nice and smooth
veeresh r : one of the best game in recent times
ravi singh : its very nice and has a good graphics
minal tra : this game is an interactive piece of art
emil ivanov : really fun game with mezmerizing artstyle
karan singh : really nice graphic and loved the soundtrack
brad carter : need a sequel now
5pazn : needs more tricks but good
udhayyagethan m : awesome graphics new approach with minimalistic theme
sreehari premkumar : simple and yet fantastic game
maria gonzalez : loved it so much you can flip
joey : it's the most beautiful game i've ever played. i love it.
densil john : superb , nice graphics and sound effects
malay kumar nayak : smoothness of the game is excellent....
ashwin j chandran : the game is great and pleasant.
naman jain : this game and dragon hills game is the best..!!
soumyaram das : nice game. recommended to install
aaronttwo : it's just sooooo beautiful, and the music is so calming!
connor bruce : you guys lied (developers) it still does stay on a black screen i'll i here is music on a black screen
teheina anguiano : cool =_=
jeffrey chambers : super fun with great graphics
tony w : great game with awesome sound track
ejoshua manalac : nice game. smooth and no lag
bhavya gandhi : very nicely designed.... it's minimal, yet feature rich. simply love it.
dmitriy tartynov : boring! all the same, again and again.
aju ajay : not so much addictive
abhinav : overall game is amazing...
nick medonic : so much fun. very addictive.
sam laquey : fun and easy-to-use game
rumman adib : can a mobile phone game can get any more beautiful? no sir!
jack thayer : gorgeous game, hours of playability, very fun!
taif shams : music is tempting and gameplay is good.
graham chapman : good for a few minutes, but just gets boring and so predictable - nothing there to keep me interested, so i'm uninstalling..
guna sekaran : good graphics. pleasant gaming experience.
jayrom colcol : teach me triple backflip
stephen cooke : fantastic, i like it because i can continue by spending real money!!
bettina heydenberk : add a tiger or a bear chasing you when pass a cave
uday kaul : loved it! awesome graphics .... awesome everything... wonderful game by noodlecake studios
sean crockett : asus has problems? it runs very smooth. very time killing. thanks
dar c : there shouldn't be a timer if it's going to take ages to load the video to continue
brian reizz : amazing game with very soothing graphics and gameplay!
phoenix : this game is beautiful, stunning, and relaxing
maria monroy : and it's fun
santanu chakraborty : great stunts, cool graphics and music
ajay udayakumar : a wonderful game with good background music.
rafael santana : awesome game, congrats
kgz flynt : the wingsuit only worked once and that was when i purchased it and it never worked again
arindam acharjee : this game wont startup aftr splashscreen display.. in my asus zenfone 5..
kurt htd : this game is beautiful and well made.
2b not : i like the simplicity and the art of the game
vicky nag : works well on my intex extreme
bharadwaj u : i used to be fan of limbo game.....this game comes near to it
tanishk pandey : one of the best game.. beautiful graphics. music.. everything.. love
harish goud : i loved it since a year .kudos to devops
cory neil : its really fun and addictive
a google user : after releasing on ios; i was waiting for this game from that day.
ranjan azad : awsome game. simple and beautiful
radu mihailescu : asus zenfone 2-only a black screen please fix!!!
a google user : gorgeous visuals, nice music, very calming. love it!
james le grice : opened app all that happens is name comes up then goes to black screen. please fix!
imran khan : don't keep the screen awake if not touched for a while during game play.
pradeep bhoir : best to play in free time.
noa d : super relaxing, awesome music
kunal dewangan : very clear and very good game
a google user : simply fun, thrilling, and vivid !
max martin : love this game. really fun and easy. 10/10
dr ak : loved the game
lucas lustosa : and incredibly entertaining
jylon peek : super great a amazing graphics
avicenna pasiak : the graphic is just awesome
ashok ram : super graphics and nice bgm
bob maree : amazing graphics must get
edo sadewo : this game terrific
alwin lolo : nc highdefinition game love it
ryan c hansen : really enjoy it
daniel beyer : mobley games ever
anthony achkarian : so fun and awesome graphics
gabe gamer : the music makes it easier to play
nectare : love it keep up the good work
saul : simple but so relaxing
torres sanders : the game is addicting and adventurous
demetrius brown : good game love the graphics
emily f : i find it really relaxing
eric fajardo : the game is so nice and i love it
restu setiawan : add more features
miguel tomlinson : i requested for this game and they got it:) ty for adding the game
harry : app wants access to app lists and browsing history and bookmarks, why? good game, otherwise.
erwinz g. anugrah : simple gameplay with good graphic with awesome weather.
jon g : not sure why this game requests the permissions that it does. downloaders beware...
thepotatoesaladz man : i love the music, and the game is addicting
ramnik savaliya : game not starting. it hang on splash screen.
emily b : it's my dream game! simple graphics, nice music, and the way of play is very nice!! love it!
soft dipped : full of color, beautiful music and great gameplay
shivashish chatterjee : addictive gameplay and beautiful scenery in the game ..
mike brunson : i've played this game a hundred times
jeffery flannagan : wow! amazing game! i'm addicted!! love it! easy gameplay!
duraikannu a : good ui and art work. nice gameplay
adrian piedra : mad love for this game it really is beautiful.
sadiq abbas : i have install this game but it does not open
carlis mcclanahan : good game, addictive
santa halim : please fix it..
daisy palace : love snow games... beautiful, relaxing graphics and sounds.
derek keene : the casim jump is too hard. uninstalling
sarah mckeown : it's boring
billy afflerbach : has great graphics too.
anggara siregar : blank screen after tittle on my zenfone 2, are not compatible with asus ?
akshita patil : the screen is still black even after update i have tried installing it a few times already
za zainuddin : it's simple,yet so addictive. good job guys.
ashish kaul : wow...this game got a lot of downloads in a very less time...great game tho!!!
yashovardhan shukla : great graphics paired with awesome music.
ravi srinivasan : great graphics and simple play... will soon be a bestseller!
irwin ismail : "unfortunately, alto has stopped." can't even play it.
m bossun : black screen when start.. mine is asus zenfone 2
andhika muhammad fauzan : it is so gooood!, it is very addicting, this is best endless runner game i have played. but, can you make wingsuit easier to get? please..
ahmad razzaq : i downloaded it twice but still cant be opened
talha rizwan : good graphics.. soothing sound..nice and easy game play...
iv.steven : it's great i give it 10/10 (5 stars)
ryan tanner : addicting! challenging! fun
tanuj jain : nice and decent game for passing time. graphics and gameplay are good.
medonlakador syiem : good graphics, music and gameplay.. no wastage of my download!
muhammad faqrul ariffin : same concept like other snowboard game. what makes this so special? the scenery of course!
anthony pethel : best game ever 10 out of 10
corey thomas : cool game and really beautiful
joey sullivan : "made data usage more efficient"? why is an off-line single player game using any data at all?!
eggbag : addictive, beautiful, and simple.
yeediddlyhaw : seriously 1 day it says it only has 10k downloads 3 days later 1 mill just holy crap
a google user : great graphics, no crappy ads, smooth gameplay & addictive..
thirukoti rajkumar : simplicity design and nice graphics
lav bhatia : music and game are very wonderful
abuzar mirza : simple game with awesome graphics.
jeeva.b gunasekaran : nice but not as addictive as iceski
ikuroi i : this game is amazing,the music is amazing,the graphics are... out of this world.
ajay kudva : this game is just great...the sunset part of the game is jus awe!!
mike bradford : simple and easy to love.
alex jesme : love the colors and the music.
aviral bajpai : it never fails to bring a smile on my face..... love the game for it :)
vinod kukanur : one of the fantastic game...love to play again n again....really it's awesome when played with headphones... request to add few more background music...
easy life : nice graphics...easy goals but nice game :)
nicole c.h. : what a beautiful game.
karti richi : ui is ultimate and easy play...
muhammad irham fadhilah : awesome gameplay, awesome design, awesome graphic
vectornexx0 nexxtrox : aweome. just update with awesomeness
emanuel toorres : extraordinary game, guys
a google user : nice but intrusive app permissions. uninstalled...
ritika banik : just loved it.absolutely addictive game....and the music is melodious too....
rizallo novega : the only game who gave passion
zainab sankoh : i need to rate this 0 stars i dose not even turn on fix it now
haddy wu : can't start this on zenfone 2... black screen after run this app..
sammys garden : nice graphics, and beautiful music :*
billy wines : they should have more upgrades you can put your coins towards
a google user : just one word : beautiful
diego sverdloff : doesn't start on my asus zenfone
kishore edwin : cool graphics & music too.....is there any link to download this bgm
rajveer : here comes the masterpiece on android now.
judson hammond : thats it. deleted
ashok kampati : best graphics, great gaming experience loved a lot...
nathan porter : few games transcend into art. an experience not to be missed...
hunter baltus : it's actually pretty fun
charles duckett-shufford : fab-tastic graphics
octavio garcia : its a cool game but what i hate it that maya cant jump over the clifs and paz cant break through rocks which is really annoying fix and maybe ill download it again
m navneet krishna : most beautiful game ever!
nikhil puthran : lovely gameplay..
erick ramirez : its really cool and fun can't stop playing
ajay kumar : have been waiting to be launched for android...thanks dev...awesome
pa : great graphics and soothing soundtracks!
rohan rathore : it's awesome... love it!!
anthony marshall : want to try but it just dose not load
adam muqrish : really love to play this game!!..nice graphics, smooth controls...guys!! download this game!!!
james kilian : i try to watch a video and it says video unavailable and crashes the app.why can't i watch the video?
manoj chauhan : gr8 game with excellent graphics..
aaryan tanwar : really fun
zane beveridge : beautiful, chill, and more beautiful
sumesh t c : everything in this game is excellent. loved it <3
a google user : beautiful visuals,superb graphics,everything on its place nailed it!!!!!!!
arun g : amazing graphics, music, in gameui
jai kadam : i love the game ..entertaining... and good...but it has the same backflip skill...which is some time make bore to play.......over all its good....nice work...want more games like this...
pranjal vats : wow!!! this game is outstanding.... all different sceneries in just one run....and the music is soo lovely... everything's fantastic,, and hope some more tricks by the lovely guy,, alto...
mitesh kareliya : not running in asus zenfone 5
jaya prakash : d best game i have ever played... amazing 3d carton....
matt lee : and nice looking.
devlin lester : the controls could really be improved, though.
crustationable : this game needs spins!!!! not just flips!
experience : i never gave a 1 star before but now i have because every time try to play instantly kicks me out i mean if that fixed u get it 5 stars please fix i play on android
rikzin schultens : very good app.
etinosa agho : i am yet to try it! i am sure i'll enjoy it! :) ok, edit mode. i love the game! so beautiful!
ryan angers : its an amazong game but how do you escape the elder guy?
matt judge : great game, but why do you need the device history permission with the new update?
sakthimanikandan s : awesome game....i really love climates graphics...
malachi t : cant play it wont open. uninstall
ankush burman : great game! simple and beautiful
jweiss 500 : such a awesome game!
koli amit : i like the sunset and sunrise effect the best
omkar katkar : easy to play.... excellent graphics... loved it.
julio mugama : check my ratting
frankie battle : very pretty, very easy
kok chi gan : awesome graphics, mesmerising gameplay... quite addictive.
miranda jones : i love this soooooooooooo much!
friedrich karl christian lensky : thank you, highly relaxing!
jalshayin bhachech : it's not working on my asus zenfone 5, fix fix fix....
adil ejaz : sooo fun and addicting!
roshan george : clean and minimalistic game with relaxing music....
saytan is real : its run on my moto e ....very good graphic...
simon rosental : many bugs on my device ==> lg g3
lance brogdon : only game i really play. it's awesome!!!!!!
a google user : easy and smooth...
kaan burulday : fix this game!
byakuya togami : game keeps on stopping looks cool tho :-/
j : this is a great game and i just love playing this game:-):-):-).
muhammad taufan : well played!!
aswin s : it's like a peace out place for me...
imtiyaz ahmed : no introduction.... just download and enjoy.
dave : nice visuals, audio, gameplay, and atmosphere.
jarrod thompson : see above...
mandeep : loved it. <3
cedric rashed : the best game ever
kunal manjrekar : wow.. that background music..loved it
rajath nanaiah : i want to give a 10stars fr this..
kevin watts : really love this game , am addicted ....
messi lionel : too far i cant see
alexander brooks : crashes after loading screen
aleksa savic : boring but its ok
nyx hydra : i love the game!! the achievements you have to accomplish are soooooooooo fun!!!!!
_sree_rag _ : loved it totally.... gud gameplay and challenging...
davi davi : the art is beautiful, so amazing!!!
user : the hills are hard but still fun!!!!!!
lightning rod from ponyville : so calm, i love this game!
abhi jadav : loved it.. simple amazing!! good work guys!!
james byers : simple and fun.... the way a mobile game should be.
golden girly gamer : play it it'd cool
jotis anil : cool graphics ! nice gameplay. ! time killer ! = this game !
laura gunemann : i love it!! **recommended!
chinmay gade : must download game!!
ravi g : nice game..appreciate that.
dhananjay : app crashing when connected with google
gerald pabatao : i love it! more please! :) :d
helmy anjab : verry clean...
sunil kumar : it's cool game
sagnik bhattacharya : try it... its good.
navoneel dawn : sometimes the menu and pause screen exceeds the phone's display
shaurya shah : wonderful graphics, love it !!!
angelo rocha : great game with great graphics!
haider ali khan naroo : after the update the game works fine... :)
shahadat hossain riaz : this game is very peaceful....
sammid hossain : stupid game ... just wast of time......
guddu gupta : love the game awsm stages....
iain mees : doesn't start on acer tablet
vinayak soni : pretty good!
abhay garg : amazing graphics love it!!!
kannan t jayadevan : it's very addictive
jon loeffelholz : fun and looks good!
cecilia ross : addictive and very pretty.
yousif hassan : very nice game
raghu raghav : good graphics ...
joe dolce : it sucks
ismail durrani : just awesome.....well still awesome lol
parth rathore : one word describes it all.... exquisite...
a google user : it's fantastic!
bobby : addictive, like crack
nishanth kasi : it's pretty coollllll
prashanth lak : cool graphics.
bagus bambang wibowo : addictive
aditya vk : this is really an awesome game ... the music is 10/10
dhaval patel : fun and it looks great!
mat knopp : it's alright. pretty. game play is ok.
rashmi srivastava : awesome this game is.
pushkar diwaker : pure addiction!!!
thaz thz : ohhh simply best......
the jester : beautiful visuals and soundtrack.download it
emily : love the graphics !!!!!
a google user : can't. stop. playing!
mitali sinha : luving it.....it is nice
vishal shukla : i like it but not so much
thamindu kavinda : this is the best game in 2016,thanks for adding cloud save
daniel : best graphic..
jingly beans : scarily addictive!
alex stefanov : beautiful design and fun gameplay
mohamed daahir mohamed : this is one the best games on android
nitish sharma : great game
john ross whelpton : crashes on launch... fix?? droid turbo
yatan jain : great game!!
h123 : amazing game with beautiful graphics
ninja : yeah lived it.....loved it
leo supriyanto : great game....
soham naskar : why can't i just buy coins?
anirudh s : gameplay is good but what is up with all these permissions?
samarth kamboj : loved it!
purushottam bhange : should play it
chi thai : really? i can't buy coins? terrible. uninstalled.
bristi the cristi : and maybe a way to do a frontflip?
john vincent landingin : everything is just ugh
denim basumatary : beautiful graphics with awesome gameplay
mukesh yadav : a very beautiful game
yuseless : its perfect to me
cameron fernandez : this is a awesome game
alex futter : so addicting
pasam naresh : nice location s
keven mekk : very cool and easy game
navin nagarajan : great game very addictive
boris lozano : yeah that
yude guignard : has the best graphics
nate faber : and creative
rocco stud : really a awesome game love it
a google user : wow great experience
kv pasupuleti : nice graphics and addictive
juelz jaliya flores : this is real cool
rejjie thomas : i love this gsme
alieu kamara : needs more tricks
ron : simple graphics and great to play
chot ayin : ghx for the beautiful game
sanket jain : game is nice
antosy family : title says it all
joshua lea : really addictive
soumik halder : it should be more adventurous
angelo chun : cool background and music
kittipitch prommakot : why it doesn't work on asus zenfone 5?
finley culver : it is amazingly fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pankaj gavit : nice graphics.
tisha q : so addictive.
mehdi faghani : it's the best
ben robison : just awesome.
fandy abdullah : sometimes this game can be played, sometimes it doesn't, always blank with music start to play after the intro
momchil tomov : great game.
putri maulidia : recommended!!!!
guri maan : loved it..
chad : play game with music!
nick : how can i transfer my games progress to a new device?
jayakrishnan sajith : i love this
dee ache : is it supposed to be night for 20 hrs a day? are llamas nocturnal?
dan boi : why cant i buy coins?
scott marshall : needs cloud save.
richard williams : awesome and beautiful
vishwakarma asha : good performance
john ailie : plays and looks great
themaster i : great backgrounds
hit boy 15 : cool game ever
chandan jangid : awesomeness is playing this game
michael magbujos : good graphics
arpit satnami : great gameplay and ui
rabin karmakar : very nice game
oomeysh kz : just incredible game
ayan chakraborty : good time pass
david tung : love it so much
barun ch : nice graphic
happy singh : love the game
thameemul ansari : it really fun to play
ck foo : very nice this game
ecguy6 : simple and beautiful
fritz acosta : cool gameplay
jeremy dismukes : addictive but short
vinod romina : very nice game
saswata ghosh : awesome graphics and gameplay
bojan samardzic : great game
jakub : simple and great
luis rivera : its so cool
kiran rosh : pretty good game
pravin kadam : nice graphics
ty kinney : awesome and addictive
nemanja borovac : lovely little game
hoan tran : its interesting
hareesh hemanth : nice game relaxing
pedro reyna : great graphics
sriram nikhit : stunning gameplay beautiful gameplay
unseen : this game is xic, xic, xic...
jcs : why the need to access browser history and bookmarks?
alan paulino : this game is o-p
edwin : its not starting up
uthaya kumar : really i like that game
juhi bhange : more better in iphone
ty ty : i love this game
datta bharate : great game
vishwanath talla : really loved it
luis alberto mucino contreras : front flip please
brian r : whens the new update !!
ken : severely underrated
artaz : absolutely beautiful
steven xu : love the music
ian hammer : great game
base ball : great game
zaheer shaikh : nice graphics
nathan moore : fun and atmospheric
kartik sheoran : fantastic game is this
harlie hughes : absolutly gorgeous
nikhil misal : amazing graphics
mohamed elouadifi : very addictive
deedee : nice graphics
arunavo chakraborty : best of the best
harrison mohammed : great graphics
sutiantono darmaji : nice graphic
christopher whitman : really pretty
mayank mishra : worth it
andi breshanaj : great game
thejas kp : perfection guaranteed
toni tiemor : so beautiful
rodney hammock : great game
suraj gajaria : great game
daniel pogue : great game
wei xiang chen : addictive and fun
doug nettles : addictive and beautiful
albert l : smooth graphics
nishit doshi : awesome graphics
shivam tomar : mind blowing
cameron nygaard : great graphics
mxchiness jr : best graphic
sesu plays : really nice
navin pemarathne : pure awesomeness
moeed ali khan : very addictive
aditya rane : the best
vishnava reddy : love it play it
jatin nagpal : great game
dipz singh : artistically beautiful
colin wilson : great game
eric yates : beautiful and immversive
noah kohler : great graphics
kevin tram : the best
av siva : gud but need to improve
matthew park : is it alpacas or lamas your chasing?
duckie duck : cool cool
joseph mcmahon : boring
devin scheifele : why does this need device and app history?
alex derp : when playing i'm not sure it this happens to everyone but when i want to watch a video to revive alto and i can't i continue from the beginning it then randomly says some about the video and then i die
anandakrishnan n : cool
kranthi kumar : addictive
m. fadhel fahrul rozi z : i set my my screen to light up for 15 secs. when i don't need to touch the screen the screen goes dim then i keep hitting the rock.
killer rabbit29 : won't load
harry phillips : the game asks for permission to google game then does not store your progress so you can move between devices, what is the point?
hydean seek : so you want to see what apps are running and dig into my personal info. that means deleted game and the lowest rate possible
brandon owens : permissions creep.
jai pagdhare : to game
indrapera : ty for fix it
katherine keagan : loveeee this game
joshua pereira : exceeded expectations
kaustubh chaudhary : soundtrack
devashish arya : go for it
emily manavella : addicting
dade murphy : good game but way to sensitive with landing, the slightest to bit forward or backward and it throws you off when it could have clearly been landed. also some stupid objectives. did about 70 runs to attempt a triple backflip and never once had enough room to pull it off, always got to the end of the second backflip and i'm on the ground already. find it too frustrating to play anymore
shreya chheda : it's an amazing game with beautiful graphics, the only issue is, the screen blanks out with my screen timer if i don't tap the screen during that time. this hampers gameplay a lot. and it doesn't happen with other games. i use the redmi 1s
tonka 1 : this game seems simple yet elegant with the colors and accents. but i seem to be stuck in the part where you need to jump a ditch... not sure if its a bug..or i suck lol. anyways, dope game.
brian : starts out great , then at first chasm jump they make it impossible to jump, then it makes you retry chasm jump that's impossible to make. i'm getting this waste of time of my phone.
jesse herr : its an awesome game with great scenery and decent graphics. but why do you guys have to put the horse that chases you? its really hard in my opinion and throws the fun out of the game. get rid of it and i'll put 5 stars. thanks
taylor brown : i updated and lost all my progress.
jorge wiegand : it's beautiful and easy to play, but the ads are annoying, please add an iap to remove it.
jake krynock : worth the download, great for a quick play on the bus, in an elevator, or before you sleep. the visuals are relaxing, the music is soothing.
gooey nyan : i can't help sharing with others.
germel palima : great gameplay and graphics. music is soo relaxing and nice. luv it!
jyotsnaben vinodbhai tank : game is superb!!! i give five star but at some point i didn't like becouse of you need to imrove some graphic and movements..so please can you improve it.!!! thank you!!
a google user : make a paid version with no ads and i'll give 5 stars.
a google user : a cool diversion with gorgeous graphics and nice soundtrack.
james : like the color and day and night thing
kaimillion x : i love it so fun and addicting should add outfits tho
biglexbrown : good job noodlecake another good game
fakhrul ezzatt : simple yet addicting gme
a google user : one of the best games ever.
peter wilson : easy to play
the alpha : i love this game... best snow advntr ever...
connor towns : won't start up!
a j : game....excellent, marvellous, amazing and vivid graphics. however, i have one and only one problem while playing this game - my screen's timeout is 15secs. so if i haven't touched my screen in 15 seconds the screen goes blank and i have to resume the game which breaks my momentum which is just not acceptable. i have few other games as well but my screen doesn't go off when i play them. moreover some rocks just can't be seen at night. please fix it and i'll be more than happy to give 5 stars.
steven strawsine : this game does exactly what it set out to do, provide mellow game play with stunning visuals. controls are simple and the game itself isn't too challenging, though the occasional bug and the lack of variety in terms of challenges is what stops this game from getting the fifth star. don't let that stop you from giving this game a try though! its good fun and a perfect time killer.
zach albin : this game is very fun right off the bat and becomes even more fun as you get better at it. i find that it can be played a lot and never get old. the available in-game upgrades and addicting game play make this title playable over and over again. honestly surprised that the game is free, well worth a download.
mohamed farag : the game is simple and addictive, that's an easy feat nowadays. but what's not is that the game is so elegantly designed that i lose my focus on playing it and get carried away with looking at the graphics. everything is well designed; the main menu, the pause menu, the submenus, the game itself... etc. it is so rare to find a game or an app with so much effort spent on design. well done! hope to see other developers following suit.
a google user : i don't always commend devs for how they put advertisements into their apps but the option to revive the player once by paying coins you earn pretty quickly in game or to watch a 30 second video is very natural and tasteful. simple yet fun and beautiful this is a great game. edited my rating to reflect my true opinion on this game. one of the first games i've found myself wanted to play more than once or twice. beautiful, peaceful visuals, pretty soundtrack and easy to learn, hard to master gameplay.
unknown unknown : this game did ski safari 1 did (not 2. ski safari 2 is complete garbage with terrible art) and makes it better with great art work, ui, mechanics, and more. not only that but the game is optimized flawlessly and the game just came out. this game deserve 5/5 hands down.
timothy hawkinson : have had issues with video not playing to revive character during an epic run. frustrated to say the least. also have had the touch response suddenly stop working , have to reboot game to fix. other than that, if you don't mind only doing backflips repeatedly than have at it. one big positive, this game is visually pleasing.
andrew cobain : very enjoyable game. great graphics and sound. downloaded to my experience z and played no problem. unfortunately wouldn't get past loading screen and a short piece of music before freezing on my hudl 2. gutted i couldn't play it on a larger screen and hope there's a fix soon!
nikandr marhal : oh, i've been waiting for it on the android since played it for the first time a year ago. the experience is unforgettable and joyful. can't stop playing for hours. special respect to brian crawford and harry nesbitt for the music and the picture! thank you for such a beautiful and delightful game! p.s. became world top-1 just entered
fabester king : i just got this game a few mins ago and once i opened it, it gave me a very helpful tutorial and gave me a chance to listen to the relaxing music as well. this is a great game to pass away the time stress-free
anthony lupow : combining this and the beautiful graphic design to look at, this is one of the best free games to this day. but there are no miracles, thus the game doesn't feature any complex gameplay mechanics, which is unfortunate.
lofi nomad : just got this game have and have seen no adverts or nothing in the way that helps me identify why this game is free. i feel like i should have paid money. or maybe it's somehow linked to my bank account and is taking money from me, if so go ahead, you guys deserve it!!! it really is a great game, very simple and not a new idea but it does what it sets out to do and does it the best i have seen. i think it is the attention to detail and how it changes weather and also day and night. the art style is so charming that you want to be there, hop of your board and admire the scenery. somehow i feel i should do my bit and hand out leaflets promoting the game in my free time. get it people it is awesome. peace
kaotek kowbell : can not stop playing! from the beautifully rendered artwork to the simple tap screen controls, this game is well worth the download. a great game for killing time as each level only has three goals and shouldn't take you long to complete. love the day/night cycle giving the game some diversity in appearance. love winning a new character every ten levels. love the whimsical background music. love the exciting elder chases. love this game! recommended to all!!!
brian b : game looks nice and i'm sure it's fun to play. but give me an opportunity to buy the game and get rid of the annoying f2p coins. i don't feel like i can play risky to see what tricks i can pull off because i'll need to pay money for coins so i can continue. removed game from phone.
justin mittel : seriously, in the looks, music, and gameplay is nothing but pure style. to start off, this game looks beautiful. it has a day/night cycle and even a weather cycle that will put you through rain and snow. the sounds and music of the game are very fitting and really help set the feel for this game. the way it controls is super easy to pick up and you'll be flipping up huge combos in no time, and slomo backflips over chasms is really a nice boost to that "hell yeah!" feeling.
ridzuan osman : very beautiful graphic in addition of time changing from dust to dawn. nice gameplay and concept with soothing soundtrack. recommended to all
david browne : didn't have high expectations as i thought it was going to be a ski safari rip off. although it is similar in many ways, this is a much better experience - the graphics, sound and simple game play are very rewarding. i've noticed a few complaints about the monetization in the game but this isn't really an issue - if you don't want to pay for double coins, then just save coins in-game. other complaints about having to watch a video for a retry are irrelevant - just get good!
marco salazar : too hard to see the rock obstacles (especially when it turns to night) and optimal timing for the jumps is not really explained.
michel hauser : the game looks and sounds really really good. when the sun rises in the background while you chase some llamas down the mountain it's just looks stunning. the gameplay is nothing spectacular but it's pretty fun. assuming that the game would cost some upfront money like it does on ios i would easily rate it 5 stars. however being forced to watch an ad video every time you die to get a free retry which you absolutely have to do in order to get new high scores at some point is just awful. you can also get more coins by watching ad videos than by actually playing the game. there is only one iap which doubles the coins you guys get which is okay if you want to speed up things a bit but guess what, watching ads still gets you more coins. i mean you don't have to you can just play to get coins but the retries that force you to watch an ad? not okay. whoever thought that was a good idea is out of his mind.
mark holland : ive been waiting for this since loving it on the ipad for over a year!! and after all the nagging at them on facebook it's finally here... and totally worth the wait. looks super crisp on my xperia z3. for the people complaining about the videos for retries - you dont need to watch these, and can retry in the same way as you can on ios. really impressed that this is as free as it is, and i'll be buying in app purchases just to support the devs so so happy this is finally here and we'll worth the wait!
michael daaboul : but, it's basically ski safari. the gameplay is tried and done before. i wanted something new and different for that particular genre and this doesn't deliver. amazing presentation, but sadly, it's the gameplay and level design that needed more thought.
ankur tulsyan : the screen goes black after launch and stays that way. please fix
dan rubin : very fun game. a good time waster while on the train. audio and visual just stunning. all in all, i like it.
erin d : i don't even really like endless runners, but this game is just good. it's beautiful, it's various, and it's pleasant to play, which i can't say for a whole lot of these mobile games. very well done and certainly worth your time.
jacob brown : i've been waiting for this to come to android. this is a fun game with very nice graphic art style. i just wish there was a paid version with no ads. i hate ads but i like to pay devs for their time and effort making a good game.
george mathews : the game has beautiful graphics, and is fun to play. the problems i have are 1) the game doesnt force the screen to stay on during inactivity, have to keep tapping my screen to keep it from locking, causing it to mess up my game. 2) screw unity ads, they haven't worked once so far. use mopub, inmobi, or avocarrot for the ads. i'm ready to watch them but unity ads never loads an ad for me, and i'm on a wifi attached to 50mbps connection.
kyle hall : wasn't to impressed at first after playing ski safari, much different mechanics, but once i got into it and trying to complete the tasks it grew on me, wonderful graphics, tip: turn brightness up for night time it helps, i beat the game in two weeks casually playing it, tho i see others want cloud save and i'd agree all games should have that, never know when a phone may break or whatever and you don't want to start over
jezy v : its really fun. it barely lags at all so its good on my phone. a job well done.
fares elsbiai : stays on black screen after the " alto's adventure " logo , please fix it
naiver : i love the music, everything on this game was great, but there's one problem, if i don't touch the screen, the screen will sleeping.
kevin starnes : this game will be the next big hit. trust me. it wil have a million downloads in no time.it's just awesome. download it now
cai figurosco : this game have nice graphic and nice gameplay .if you could add more skill like frontflip etc. that will be great .
jacob seifert : i'm sceptical with the genre though and the pricing model here is also questionable, forcing players to view ads even if they've bought the iap. give it a try and see if it suits your taste or not.
darshan suratwala : be quick to launch the game on android because android user are numerous in number which will be good for revenue.
dad mom : great concept little hard to get coins, wating time to get to the main screen is long tho loading needs to be fixed.
lucaskywalker music : this game is very beautiful with the best graphics i've seen! there is weather change and music. i just think you could add more things to buy, like more landscapes for example. but not even a minor problem with the game itself!! stunning!
being bryan : the rocks are too hard to avoid when alto is sliding so fast. the rock is also hard to be seen, is just too small and easily blend with the background buuldings or trees, and is even harder at night.
artimus charest : one of the better "endless" games available. smooth, fun, and well optimized. the only issue i have is the updates have wiped my save game. i have to restart my progress after every update.
tyler thompson : it just takes u to a black screen and make weired noises (one star)
techomania : not good than ski safari due to small characters you sometime get surprised when hurdles came in and u get out. at the time of huge dig of mountains alto fails to jump over and there is no trick to cross it unless u try again n again.
osaretin obadeyi : i haven't had a game feel this fun in a while this game is seriously good the only downside is it takes up battery life like nobody's business
li yang : ski safari has a lot more fun. controlling is better as well. this game has a good graphics but personally i don't like it as night time is too dark for me.
devon pollard : so nice to see this game finally come to android i've heard so many great things about this game from my ios friends
jordan mays : i have no clue what it is about this game, maybe the graphics, or the music, or the simple controls, or maybe the long day and night cycle, but this is one of the best games i have ever played on mobile
giovanni delgado : the music is calming and the scenery is just outstanding. i love how it always changes to different weather conditions, making it worth to play. 5/5 stars.
syed irfan : after alto crashes. if i wanna start again from the top, a black screen appears jus for half a second. while the game goes to the starting point. its normal . but if you could remove that delay. that'd be great. ll seem more smooth.
the codfather : looks great, plays pretty well, and good difficulty - overall excellent fun and the best endless runner i've come across
sean hangman : i do not support companies that steal private information to profit from third party sales.
nigel : the graphics is just another level. love it for that, but i wish if there was speed control to make the game little more interactive and interesting. i'm easily bored by the current model of gameplay.
killer kristov : i highly recommend this game. however, having an option to turn off the night cycle would be great. when playing on the bus, the (real life) sun makes it too hard to see, even at max brightness.
steven c : it's definitely a good looking game but at the end of the day it's just another endless runner. not sure what all the hype is about.
a google user : overhyped. i'd recommend ski safari over this any day... coz it's better, smoother, and definitely more fun. this game is definitely based off of ski safari (if not a blatant albeit, fancy artsy ripoff)
ethan lugbauer : beautiful art design, stunning visuals and wonderful gameplay and controls...highly recommended just an overall well made fantastic game..
fabian irimiea : back on ios this game took away hours of my life, really fun, never boring and incredible design, i have not been this happy in a while! time to catch llama's
dt griffin : would like more trick options, maybe front flips or grind variations. but great so far.
adam page : snowboarding in the dark is not very safe. at least put some slope lights up for your customers.
a google user : asks to watch an add way to often. i just want to pay to disable adds. also, there is a stupid in app purchase to buy coins. why can't they have a simple in app purchase to disable adds so it works like the ios version? the coin doubler purchase is plain insulting and wrong.
tom stephens : great game when it worked. downloaded it and it worked fine for a day. tried it today and it goes black after the opening image. not sure what happened. fully updated zenfone 2.
peedi piper : this game gets a pass because i love how the weather changes as you playing the game and the music is brilliant.
sam the boi : this is great game if you're in to catching lamas, busting through rocks, doing back flips i mean c'mon man get this game
mikael fredriksson : fun game ruined by inconsistent framerate! don't expect to see that in a flagship phone. (htc one m9)
naufal anryawan : blank screen after alto logo and then the app is crash, my device is asus zenfone 2, os lollipop 5.0
nathan prewett : i appreciate that it asks me to sign into google games, not forces me to. the game is fun, challenging, relaxing and often exciting. the visuals are nice and the music is enjoyable. good simple fun for anyone.
james zander : simple and cute,love to play it. really so relaxing my mind. still am using old update. no problem in my note3. everything is perfect
baby yoda : i like evrything about alto and llamos like the graphics,the gameplay etc. i have also been looking for a good game on the app store but so far alto and the llamas is the best one i found
ahmad azri : beautiful ui, beautiful game and the best thing is no annoying ads. hope you guys can keep it this way forever.
paul love : great game, little bugs on my phone at least, like small flashes in the bottom right corner when i jump sometimes (htc desire 820)
peter b : an enjoyable game, but quite difficult "at night" as the rocks become hard to see. also, why not provide an "ad free" in-app purchase like noodlecake does for some of its other games?
brian fincham : just goes black after the alto's adventure splash screen.
paco klein : doesn't work on zenfone 2, i see title screen and then it goes to a black screen and nothing happens gg.
dwight h : controls are a little touchy. you first thing if u hold it down longer u would jump higher, nope u do a flip and die. flips, u should recover after when coming out of it
muhammad mukhlis : cannot open it ,50 minute im wait nothing happen- asus zenfone 5 lite
irfaan chundoo : for me,this game is one of my best games.cause,you are alto and you are gliding on a snowy mountain,there are rainstorms,snow and also hunters.it is more relaxing to play in a rainy day for me as it makes me think of my best moments
alex loizou : nice to play. wanted to enjoy it but it's jam packed full of ads with no option to purchase a no-ads version or iap. uninstalling.
abul kashem : this gsme isn't good in androide.it is very good in iphone 5,6 and 6s so guys if you don't like it but i like it very much
barry white : i have been waiting for the android port for months, lovely game. purchased the doubler to support you guys. don't tar all android users with the same brush, we are not all dirty pirates.
chetan patige : why does the game use my net pack. it's a really good game. but usage of my net without my notice is bad.
raghu bharadwaj : after the latest update i still see the stock unity banner on my launcher on the shield tv and not one for the game. can you check? sorry for nitpicking but other than this its a perfectly nice game.
tyler shaw : this game seems fun. i like it so far. but the screen will turn off while playing. so i'm gonna have to uninstall it.
vertical 05 : way to similar to ski safari. the only difference is the game objective. great graphic saves it from 1 star.
holly campbell : i see the alto intro scene, hear some nice music, then black screen until i get a not responding notification
pat d : the game itself is amazing but i keep having a bug where the pause menu extends off the edges of my screen and i can't tap the options. this is on a droid turbo
james : i start it, it says alto's adventure, then it just goes black
taylor martin : this is not only an amazing game, it's also a work of art.
animesh kumar : it shows black screen we i launch it and stays there untill i press home button....
liber : kept me wanting to advance, just so i could see more of the game's envoirnment and background.
trambak ray : not only its fun, its surprisingly beautiful and stunning. amazing work and keep it up devs.
luke stoelinga : everything a mobile game should be: simple and yet complex, goals goals to keep you interested, and no annoying adds
markers : the art style reminds me a lot of journey. would be better if you added more stunts.
feel j akir : very good game when i played it on an ipad demo. come to find out when i get the paid version to show support there are iap forces down my throat.
ham : just excellent graphics, very pleasing on the eyes. it would be much nicer with some sort of progression or upgrades but still a very good game.
daniel griffiths : with breathtakingly beautiful backdrops that are simply stunningly, this easy-to-pickup but too-playable-to-put-down game will be a big hit on android and fantastic for tablet users.
matthew bilodeau : not required to spend money to play. can play offline, no network connection needed. excellent graphics, addictive and fun.
ferdian hendrasto : the art scenery and soundtrack are simply awesome. 4 stars for that. is there a way to acquire the soundtrack separately? anyway, the game concept is just a simple endless runner, and i'm not quite fond of the video ads for revival. so, no perfect 5 stars from me.
er : this is so hard to put down! a great and simple game with an amazing art style, i love this addiction!
azha f : my phone is asus zenfone 6. i like how this game looks like, but after i downloaded it and i wanted to play it, the screen just silently blank and do nothing... if you could fix this, definitely will play.
mohd zahir harun : doesn't work on asus zenfone 2. the game loads and it went to black screen.
nazo 45 : this game probably has the best looking and most simple game i've downloaded. good job to the developers
jessi sch. : this is probably the prettiest game i've ever played. the music is great and atmospheric, the llamas are cute as heck and its just a really gorgeous game. and what make me even happier, there are no ads at all. just amazing, love it.
jason dolan : plays great on the nvidia shield android tv. it is so addictive.. the only issue's i'm see is that the leanback-launcher icon is the stock unity icon. also some of the on-screen commands reference touch controls. it would take very little to make this a polished game for android tv.
doogel altner : this game is one of those beautifully crafted games with great music and great challenges, love it, keep em coming
shane hadfield : works on my phone, doesn't work on my tablet and the bug is supposed to be fixed.
gavin penfold : endless runners can have a hard time being original, however, this one puts a new twist on a very common genre. it's very fun, and challenging enough to keep you entertained.
travis bradley : like a more serious ski safari. great game! i think you should be able to flip faster though. i'd like to see more upgrades and such in the future too!
d. k : great artwork and very similar to ski safari (adventure time) though not quite as fun
m binderup : i can play just fine. it has to be your tablets. i have a four year old tablet and it works fine. great game btw
wiaan van aswegen : game looks amazing but it does not load past the first splash screen (blank screen)
muhammad arif irfan : please fix it,i cant play this game (sony m4 aqua)
logan bixby : i'm not a huge fan of endless runners but this is one of my favorite games, i think what attracts me is the graphics and snow boarding theme, great game i love it.
toby verdaguer : the game looks awesome! i just really hate that my screen goes black after showing "alto's adventure". i just really wish i could play the game. phone:galaxy s4
crnk snart : so freaking addictive i suggest this game to people that likes video games because this is something i have never seen before.
roderick ingram : the game looks fun, but the orientation keeps flipping randomly, making it unplayable. please fix so i can enjoy!!!
chris kliewer : keeps crashing on my zte rapido before it even starts
daniel : in the tutorial i can't do a bloody backflip... i tap and hold on my screen but he keeps staying as he was and doesn't do anything
don hood : shame too, looks like a beautifully designed game. still has some bugs however. will change rating after the fix..
adrien r. : this game is probably one of the best of the entire play store . it has gorgeous graphics , soothing music a simple gameplay and an awesome feel . so , you're a snowboarder , alto , and your llamas have escaped . you then engage in a "quest" to go save them all !
goldydalion : zenfone 2 ze551ml user,yesterday i could play the game and it was pretty awesome.loved it.today it got patched and when i tried to open it,it opens,shows the alto theme 2 seconds,then it goes blackscreen,but i do hear the music.so literally i can t play the game.please fix this.
storm sekules : amazing game! lighting effects, gameplay, simplistic controlls and objective makea it a fun game to mess about with, music is also quite soothing!
copper dragon : brilliant game mechanics, stunning graphics, and beautiful music. i highly recommend this game to all android users.
gus videos : after the logo, i hear a song, but nothing happens, the screen goes black @ asus zenfone 2 (ze551ml 4gb)
william barron : fun, but rocks are almost impossible to see at night in game.
luis solis : the setting is beautiful, so much depth and the music is insanely good and well thought out
night crawler : simple yet good gameplay and the beautiful graphics and music make this game one of my favorites on the play store. pro tip:do not use network to play this or any other mobile game if u really hate ads!
anthony lindsay : really good game obstacles should puzzling and should have more tricks and skins. zoom in and slowdown game play somewhat to give it a more personal feeling
tony mousseau : i'm addicted to this game its so fun and simple
deepak chalwadi : fun to play, no crappy ads, serene graphics and soothing background music.
kevin arehart : it keeps going black every time i play it.
anand vinod : it may have problems in huge jumps...but still awesome to get away from boredom
al griffiths : great game but at night it is hard to see especially the ice or rocks in the forest
michelle cohen : working ok now after an error in tutorial. beautifully designed game.
sean meston : the visuals of the game are brilliant and even more so at night. it is very addictive!
vladimir kim : great game to pass the time. love the minimalism, but the gameplay is still immersive. would recommend to play.
avetis m : i think it's kind of relaxing game. nice music and fun graphics are making you happy. fast developers- quick updates ! take 5 stars guys
benjamin turpin : won't work for me on acer tablet hangs on black screen after title page
the paywall : really enjoyed this working app thats fun . i love the detail how its not blocky
dylan shane : the game overall is amazing and the graphics are top notch. there's no excuse for you not to have this!!!
albuen jan ango : screen's just plain black after the title screen..hmmmm
howard kampf : my nook hd tablet won't load the game could you make it able to load on my tablet in the next update and i'll recommend everyone i know on clash of clans and everything
adam simmonds : absolute gorgeous art style, fun gameplay, beautiful music. it's nice to see the developer treat the android ecosystem differently than the iso one too. beautiful game and deffiently worth downloading.
tyrone ong : great game and quite addictive. love the graphic too. but one question: do birds rest on the ground when it's raining? maybe it's just design, and yeah, i'm not taking this too seriously.
milos lukic : the game won't start on asus memopad hd 7. i only see black screen.
meghal s. : beautiful, seamless, and looks excellent. hopefully other features will be added in further updates, this game should be on top!
alec nist : it just goes to the title screen then turns black please fix this
ryan t : i usually don't like endless runners, but this one is well made, great visuals and music.
dominic powell : is there no way to synchronize progress between multiple android devices? seems like the only missing feature.
sam haigh : great game u don't have too watch adds or anything if u don't want
george good : just lovely nice game. very addictive.
alexander zass : it finally made it to android! this has been my favorite game on ios since it launched, and i'm so glad i can now play it here, and that it is as awesome as the original.
sharaz tahir : there's just no other way than to love alto. most appreciated!
jim mel : cant wait for more content. i can see this getting as fun as tr
bunhom tkachenko : i was not acually able to play the game after the title screen it would stay black forever
george kamal : i love the high-quality and the stunning day and night graphics feels great with the moving background as well.
dustin foster : game starts i see the initial title screen then goes black and audio plays, can't get past the black screen. not sure if its an intel or zenfone 2 issue.
sagi : great game. awesome art style. just one thing, it crashes my phone. i'm running cyanogen mod 11, which i know is difficult to work with. are you working on a solution?
jaret schwab : this game is mediocre at best uninstall !
vaibhav singhavi : dear developer give us one time app in purchase for 2.99 $.
bradley johnson : i really like the game but i really dislike having to watch ads, i would pay for a game with one revive each level without having an ad
luke gard : i like the simplistic stylish game play mixed with the unlocks
t chai : feeling good everytime i play this game. i finished the game in ios before and now start new one in android.
omar 9941 : the game worked! thanks for it.. it's a great game
bazem : i was really excited to play this game i saw it and it looked cool then it finally downloads and it says cannot open.
cecilia wong : aesthetically pleasing, soothing music. a very enjoyable gaming experience
hasan : my nexus 5 got hot during the game
victor manuel mendoza : this game its kinda hard at the begining but then you get use to it and the art style is amazing!!!
carlos r : i love the background of this game, it's just stunning, though, it will be awesome to customize the board. but other than that, the game is awesome
jatrix soris : i can't open it up sometimes, it's like i have to this constantly until it finally come up
agrazor gaming : music is pleasant. graphics are minimalistic. in short this is a great game!
truffis : beautifully designed and it runs flawlessly. but please update flappy golf to have multiplayer like ios does!!
lewis thomas : really fun game, challenging but not complicated. great music and beautiful visuals. if you could somehow implement a multiplayer feature that would be awesome
jay shukla : just black screen nothing happened after selecting game. have asus zenfone 5.
neil norton : a wonderful departure from the run of the mill runner games! i love everything about it!
noah imrie : awesome game graphics its sooooo beautiful and gameplay feels great.... just play it.
amit naithani : very nice background music; soothing graphics; intelligent difficulty levels
robert steele : all launches, goes through the introductory screen, plays a bit of music, then goes black. issue with intel chips?? please fix!
farad : very cool game"literally " hard to quit playing. i loved the graphics and music. nice job on this one!
leo luna : its fun to play not to hard and its addicting to play good game to play qhen your bored
milad sobhkhiz : nice sound effects, amazing moution graphic
j sjs : honestly the best game ever i like how it has culture in it to my culture, being half south american i like the game as well for the game
ronen goldberg : atmosphered, epic and highly detailed snowboarding game!
tc : well designed game and the melodies are sort of relaxing, that results a good gaming experience!
john watson : graphics , gameplay , music 10/10. and i like the weather changing and day night sssooo muccchhh. whoa . juz keep up the good work!!
diwakar : i like the way the game was created. the ui is also nice for the gamer. alto is nice.
mrsixfigz : consider adding more items to the workshop.
dridrar : everything in this game is good: the music, the gameplay, the art... we need more of this pieces of art.
jazmeer fikri : i like this game but i hope u can change rock colour. how can i see the rock when the colour is the same with background? expecially during morning or sunny day. please do something about this.
jovyn lewis : this game is simple but elegant amazing music beautiful visuals just an amazing game definitely play this amazing game
john morales : this game is really good honestly. highly recommend!
neal livingston : what a great addition to my aesthetically pleasing mobile game arsenal. well done!
kellan krakosky : the game itself is addictively fun but the art just puts it over the top.
ahmad s : one if the best games i played on mobile.
ray sheng : it looks and runs incredible on my s6. fantastic work!
oltean catalin : black screen after title on asus zenfone 2 with 5.0 lolipop
tristan chester : black screen bug not fixed
kerel geraldi : i like the game 'cause is easy , cheap workshop , and best looking
angel leyva : a truly original and beautiful game. the landscape is absolutely gorgeous.
ash loft : addicting gameplay and stunning visuals but unfortunately it is now ruined thanks to the latest update leaving me a black screen very unhappy as i enjoyed playing this as i don't play most endless runners
jeremy crider : addicted, play all the time
a google user : i'm so glad this game to android. it is awesome
mars : it's addictive and can keep you entertained forever.
altus lourens : i was the first person in the world to download it, i feel so happy!
gustavo cardoso : this is a excellent free game with out pop-up advertising!
wizard : as the title says and yay u fixed the bug that held the black screen a little bit after the title and amazing graphics
amaro : love the game, it's simple and beautiful, one of the best to play on a mobile phone
christian sobande : i was waiting for them to make it free so i could get it.
rene philpott : a truly picturesque game that i simply cannot tire of.
chris evans : i'm surprised its not been downloaded more because it is a very fun game to play but i would say it needs more gameplay modes and features as it does get repetitive
s00thsay3r # : awesome graphics, minimal design, fluid game play and great music makes this game the must have.
bamboo bricker : you should definitely get this, the graphics are smooth and it never gets boring!
farhan tarwala : boring...playing the same thing again and again
carolina oliveira : it's a wonderful game, the music is great and the visual is beautiful.
juss von : i played this on iphone but when i got android it was not on playstore. thank you
mario rossi : the game crashes on startup
prajwal bhaskar : one of the best side scrolling games that i've played!
christian : excellent, interesting and fun.
a google user : simple premise, nice environments (weather effects, different times of day), great ui (blurred with text on menus), and unobtrusive in-app purchases.
noah tolliver : i love the game graphics and physics. you guys did great!
richard e : beautiful art, but the gameplay is so repetitive!!!
joseph kuah : nice game ^^ more characters please ^^ and would love the option so that it's always day time :)
tom wray : great looking, smooth fun game, free with no ads.
iam jp : just completed the game in four days.amazing graphics and so much facts of controls.
ken bauer : a fun distraction, and i love the art style. so gorgeous!
vishal nayak : super cool game. graphics and sound is awesome. worth a try
grandgranslammer : the app wont evan start. it says the title then just goes black and doesn't start
tahtah thomasson : made my heart race with anticipation for what i was to encounter next. great feel good game!!!
gelsyn ferrera : i hardly recommend this game it is very good and fun. i like it.
incognito acc : i love the style of art. the concept of time and different types of weathers. this game also has very very smooth graphics and amazing sound tracks/music in the background. its just fits in perfectly. amaxing game!!!!!!
brian cobb : this game is amazing the only thing is it needs character upgrades
supper3 : try making the rocks a little more visible.
david wasley : like the smoothness of gameplay. also very fun and addictive!!! you did it again noodlecake!! keep the great games coming!!!
a google user : doesn't do what it should
kazyouki : great graphics wish u could do tricks with the flips but overall awesome
harshavardhan rajagopal : i appreciate the ideas and efforts put into this game. keep up the good work.
tharun beeravelli : not responding
positronicreflex : nice game concept, clean ui and it seems to run well on my tablet.
a a : beautiful boring rip-off of ski safari.
nic : art in motion! love to know what this was made in, because its is so smooth and breathtaking!
pxn : wonderful weather. i spend a lot of time watching the home screen
hlg d3adwatch : it looks, and plays beautifully especially on a mobile device
alan orth : i love the graphics! very peaceful, and probably a bit too easy, but a lot of fun to play.
amit bhalerao : art design is so beautiful... but devs please add costumes or different characters to it.
corby richardson : maybe i just haven't played enough, but it says something about some person building things in a workshop. what is this? never explained
ratan chinni : the gameplay is okay, but the visuals are oh so gorgeous. an absolute treat to the senses!
lee studd : beautiful looking game, not too annoying either!
miore : you should add front flip and more tricks also more upgrades other then that this game is good also more modes like a story mode or challenge mode for you and your friends
tarcio saraiva : love the graphics and the simple adventure style. well done.
me when the : this will be my new favorite game!
vita ladro : absolutely amazing. i will be waiting for those downloads to soar. best of luck, noodlecake.
avery k : the graphics are beautiful and i love the game very much :)
alex java : best designed game. very nice. recomend you all!
droidbash ds : cant load this game
bruce luo : finally i don't need to go to apple store to play this game!!!
stuart harrison : amazingly simple graphics accompanied with dubious gameplay
justin silva : this is one of my top 10 video games
francisco bandera : with much simple shapes they create a gorgeous game
gaurav kashyap : graphics are very good and seamless weather and time change are good concept
shinsora : i really love the song in the trailer video makes me feel warm inside
bianca balderrama : i love the game and the way the game looks is crisp and clear and just really beautiful this was a refreshing game for me
shashank sharma : just loved it. very good and addictive. the best snow boarding game ever..
a google user : boring, too hard, too many ads and the motion/scenery actually makes me dizzy, like watching a bad action video uninstalling
arnab seal : the game is too good! well laid out.. perfect graphic, no glitches what so ever. and the scenery.. damn! nice work!!
venkatesh r : it didn't work for me at all
sarah olsway : slightly different from other games give played like this
abhishek abraham : best game played till now without getting board
quickdash hill : this games is so fun and the art style is awesome
nilesh bhalavi : nice graphics and best gameplay
lucy jackson : been waiting for this since i played it on my sisters ipad
nikos skl : the music,the environment, the gameplay.. everything is awesome in this game!
naomi martin : really fun. addicting. like the nighttime sky. beautiful backgrounds.
dwayne letang : fun! fun! fun! this game is very addictive. a great time killer. nice crisp graphics and easy to play. 5 stars
garrett snell : this game is beautiful, amazing graphics and soundtrack.
c1k4v0k1 : it's very good game, also very fun. good work, bring more features in game :)
rey lopez : this game is very addictive it has challenging stuff to do
paul nita : playing on oneplus one
major wood : oh i love this game already thanks
arbaz alam : nice graphic with beautiful music and great game play
raghav chhabra : oh just play it already!
greddy suwal : love the gameplay. and graphics and sound is no less.
cynthia sissom : i just played it like a thousand times!
dollah azlan : it's a relaxing game.the art direction is super great..love it.
klf 3ameternal : snowboard is ok but i want to be a skier! btw. game is cool.
aakash b : one of the most beautiful games i've played!
ali mamalachi : this is my favorite game since 2013 it's awesome.
jeremiah miller : great on ios, can't wait to try it on android!
harry sandiford : good game, very pretty and runs well.
tyler gores : to be a good game for a little bit then afterwards you realize that some people to get tired of it but i put 5 stars for this
gly tch : one of the best mobile games everyone should get it!!
s d t : love the material design..
chrono chains : wow it's breath taking excellent game
golden hutt : great game weird story
manuel lopez : an amazing game. simply filled with detail.
glenn kaisa : i justed started idk 2-5min, i guess its fun. try it out ur self.
k izumi : excellent game but more upgrades and purpose to playing the game should be included
irsyad olay : nice song, cool characters, nice graphic
izzul salihin : hope more games like this in the future :)
joshua o : great graphics, easy controls, and optional ads
teddy lovdahl : bad game its a space waster
cameron wilkinson : this is easily the most addicting game i have ever played
flarekyros : it is amazing how popular this game got i was one of the first people to download this beauty
sambit biswas : amazing visuals and sound. love it
siddartha i : smooth and great performance great work noodlescake for bringing my favourite app from my ipad to my nexus
sham8nix : works find on my android phone but doesn't run at all on my hudl 2! gutted! will change rating if it gets fixed.
endri mehmeti : one of the best games i've ever played!
dusty smith : awesome! super clean and lightweight.
velcromango : great looking game. a lot of fun
seth bagley : there's no levels and is boring.
yanny mishchuk : really well designed, with beautiful artwork.
ade kurniawan : speechless. great game
jackson spinharney : love the game.
ridwan maulana : the game can't be played on my zenfone 2 (4gb ver). soon after started, the screen goes black, just sound only.
jason h : fun and addicting runner style game but on a snowboard!
matt waring : no problems so far (nexus 6 running latest marshmallow) - loving it - graphics, sound, gentle game play, what's not to like?!
govind k audichya : great game nice environment in it the only thing which i recommend you to add in it is a torch in the character hand at night i think that would look really great hope you like my idea and add in game
pushkar patil : good game i have played ever
levi tuttle : the best game i have played in a while.
jordan meadows : i haven't had a game this fun in a while
zach piescik : one of the most beautiful games i've ever seen
clement blesson : my lg e970 can play mortal kombat, but it can't play alto's adventure ?!
pramod karandikar : great gameplay and beautiful visuals. enjoying playing.
steven ha : gameplay is simple but the graphics are extremely good.
asha pimentel : this game is the best!! best new running game!
nnamdi anakaraonye : i love this game highly recommend it for good quality
naveen anujaya : world most amazing game wow so addictive
chris grant : really good game great scenery and graphics
jorge rivera : this ones a keeper!
philip robinson : gameplay is outstanding, graphics are perfect, soundtrack is boss
george zach : cute game but everything is flickering.
sk james second : really beautiful, and addictive game. great job, developers!
beastmode the best : it has amazing graphics and addictive
smug the clown : play all day long but some of the challenges are near impossible like back flip over a fire there no room to flip even with mayra
aquib yasin : but ain't no good to play
rmb_dev : should be one of the greatest games of this year!
vasanth kumar : simply amazing. lovely graphics and beautifully crafted.
kinjal savai : beautiful and addictive. great combo.
mandeep singh dua : not working stuck on banner screen...bullshit
9reeze : i love it though
mauricio delgado : it's very good because the music is very relaxing and i like the way you can switch characters and the graphics are impressive hope the developers make more games
social chewtoy : llamas, snowboarding and tricks... what are you waiting for.
diogo calcada : definitely one of the best android games of 2016. congratulations.
razr_ vort3x_95_e : i love it and love the way it's based in asia
derp'z playz destiny : the graphics are just so heart warming.
asananda insan hakim : very smooth gameplay and good graphics !
andrei boboc : amazing game, great graphics
jeidyn b : it has good graphics and it is the best endless snowboarding odyssey
darkboy. 007 : awesome game!& relax music! guys try it if u want, so amazing game!
herbivore 710 : it's pretty good, had fun.
sukrut daga : fun to play and great graphics.
diego medina tv : great game love it
phibr optik : graphics and music bring a nice atmosphere
sivakami kami : this game is super and background is good
scott campbell : the game is a work of art with amazing gameplay
noahfp : very good graphic s and gameplay
sylvin rain : best runner game i have seen yet! great graphic, is fun, has animals. 10/10
jev mendez : love the graphics and music
alan cuadros : easy to play and endless fun!
vitor hugo morais silva : congratulations.
dave wright : awesome, nice environments, soothing music, easy, fun
trong kien tran : i use adblocker (adaway/root), therefore the videos (watch for revival) is not playable, please consider another host..
jay comz : like the graphics and music of this game cuz so simple....
serhii ovcharenko : the most beautiful game
anna uzhovska : i love everything about this game: characters, story, colors! my favourite!
reece q baskin : great game play. wonderful graphics.
jaybirdtalonclaws : haven't had this much fun in a long time
billy kosandhi : i really like this game, the view and graphic so good... awasome!
nathan vargas : won't even load it just crashes
johnny nguyen : need more power up. great game.
med younes : best game to waste your time
a google user : and is fun to play.
dock dement : i've been waiting for this game to go to android i love this game
kousik surya s : peaceful game. soft visuals to treat the eyes.
diego bertran : and nice game play!
cat life : it will not load
breno correia / : the sounds in game are perfect!!!
toby whelan : very enjoyable game. love the art
sagis varman : superb game for time pass. beautiful visual and soundtrack.
iain drennan : beautifully made game good job
juneid mosaheb : and transitions
j. gadiel : i had a iphone only to play this game
damindu desilva : it was really nice and so beautiful
syed arman : one of the best endless running game
tommegg : such great concept
kenneth w lewis jr : all around fun game
rahiim rodgers : very fun addicting and peacefully beautiful
james gallant : snowboarding is awesome
kennedy cyracus : i love the structure and color of the game
shane allan : smooth game play
flextor backup channel : very addictive simple and clean graphics...the best ever runner game..with best in class evolution of graphics....n best audio n visuals..excellent work done
dan sagisser : so glitchy it's unplayable... stops and stutters constantly.
brayen valent : easy to play, nice graph, must try :d
joao rei lobo : it's amazing... art style... sound design... graphics... it's what you want in a game... just try it... it's amazing
christopher lee : great game. relaxing. fun. glorious.
percy armstrong : quirky, addictive and fun. new favorite game. good job, noodlecake!!!
aldo yulio : nice gameplay, design, and soundtrack
colin marcus : awesome game. . i'm addicted.
john andrew marquez : please fix. :)
ljah : perfect. the llamas are beautiful
saw2182 hjk : you can lean forwards but not backwards
omnis : insanely fun and very relaxing!
patrick fahy : this game is no longer rad due to update
ps4broz : its addicting, pretty, and fun! what more could you want!!!
nikhil jk : simple, musical and awesome!
killian_tiny : it's really fun
ali jawwad : love the smoothness of the game!
dylan martinez : absolutely love it,love the way it looks and feels, amazing!!!
nilo catur nugroho : i really love it
david crista : needs a paid version to remove advertising.
eliezer gonzales : everytime i open it just dark room.pls fix
erik herel : not original theme, but beaty ;)
han : combining lamas and snowboarding equals an awesome game!!!!!!
osvy .e : art work is 10 out of 10 !! ...game play 10 out of 10 !!
edi boyahchan : love the visuals, love the controls, perfect!!!
antonio pinto : unplayable when it is night time in the game
mattchoo : fum. good game, wastes time
akash mondal : by far the best game in the play store...
darren nugent : why's there an in ad telling me to get the game i'm already playing?
will hourihan : i wish there were more characters and upgrades
luis david : very fun to play amazing scenery
blvckoutv6 gaming : great game!
deploy man : now work and i love it. nay i ask? what the function if level increase?
derek jordan : super addicting
steven fityo : cool and beautiful game!
cara chiaramonte : beautiful and challenging game!
john lea : simply the best!
matthew inacio : i love this game!!!!
hrishi oberoi : loved it!!
cwebersoffl : and art style
sushant chandel : i loved it awesome game
layo m : extremely fun and beautiful
e1011925 : good game and clean view
muhammad magdy : very good game and challengeable
jonathan bressler : very fun and beautiful
a google user : beautiful and simple
undeadchoaz : extremely addictive
aditya uphade : nice game with nice graphics
angie thomas : it is a fun game to play
yosua riadi : fantastic .. very smooth ..
thian thiaan : amazing touches
adithyan 22 : nice game with great gameplay
james r : a llama?? he's supposed to be dead!
alexandros bithyzis : running apps? really?
luis : beautiful and fun game
asif hasan : aesthetically very pleasing
ali ghadiri : try it
a google user : very relaxing
abhishek victor : great time pass
oeydannysinclair 84 : good graphics and fun
parker scholl : its fun and addicting
andhika setiawan : great design and gameplay
garrett eidsvig : must play
bob larry : very good graphics
steven nataliesteven : great app brilliant
harman g : new temple run
bo dana ben jumah : love this game
a google user : lol 2nd to download.
mairead o'sullivan : relaxing and addictive
fakhrozi ivano yahya : nice graphic
gene t : beautifully designed
aditya ghadage : nice gameplay
shelby n : it is beautiful
olamide macjob : phenomenal
sparky jones : iap to buy coins but not disable ads?
muhammad akbar : crash
kehinde airiodion : boring
jalil fierro : aesthetic
t a : finally.
jonathan brunato : it sucks
french potato : hard to master
sam gemmet : alto's adventure has been a favorite of mine since it came out on ios. it's a very beautiful game and one that i could play for hours. i was concerned when i heard it would be free on android and supported by ads, but they are very well done and you could play the whole game without watching or being bothered by a single one. noodlecake did an excellent job porting this game.
andrew greeson : not sure why there's a lot of hype but it's a good game nonetheless. however, when it is night time in the game, it's incredibly hard to see your character, definitely not enough ambient light, especially unable to see obstacles.
chad estes : i don't play many games, but this one is great. wish you could just pay for no ads.
aine burris : it doesn't work at all.the start is just a black screen and it didn't start
mircea : i was excited about the game,because it looks great from the clips i saw but who and why in god's name made that jump in the tutorial impossible to do?why would you do that?it's the damn tutorial! it's supposed to take a minute to familiarize yourself with the game,not make you uninstall it and destroy your phone.i'm sorry but that's the stupidest tutorial i have ever saw on a game.
hirrto hattki : i started playing it now i can't stop. great game.
jordan nottingham : very fast, smooth and pretty. the first endless runner i feel like is different and interesting every playthrough.
ido : finally we meet! after my iphone broke i never had a chance to see you again!
felix ousback : though it should probably keep the phone from going to sleep in the middle of a run..
mr macaroni : the best game but the shop could use more things and more power up
bmj : far more relaxing than actual skiing, and much safer.
king alyias : this game has awesome futurs
a google user : one of my all time favourite mobile games!
emerslam : great game. however there should be an option to purchase the game like on ios.
mohammed abu qwaider : very beautiful game i have been playing it on ios
george b : the simpleness of the game is what makes it great 10/5
alex skull 8 : a little boring but it is good!
addison heider-metour : i love it and it's the best
ben caparoso : one of the best games for android.
james walling : graphics are amazing
marc howell : great game!!
18 sunikhil nandan dansu : fascinating art awesome music
mahmoud boujmil : does the game have only one map ?
random name : unlike ski safari , once you trip over an obstacle, the gabe is over. there is no getting up , you have to start again. uninstalled mainly due to this frustrating reason. it's basically monument valley type art mixed with ski safari. nicely designed, beautiful music. i just wish i could purchase it in one go instead of the iap. uninstalled due to the no restart or second chances once you trip.
dave west media : awesome looking and sounding game, however, the on screen prompts get intrusive and annoying quite quickly, as often when you tap to acknowledge it leads to a tiny jump and subsequent loss of speed just at the wrong moment. never played the game before and i've got to say this spoiled my initial enjoyment. it's ok the first time you play - i get that - but after about the 4th attempt at the level (because of the interruptions) i lost interest. shame as i can see in some ways why this is so highly regarded.
maxime lebrun : what a sumptuous game, good to see this kind of really well build design. the music is as lovely as the picture is. the over all atmosphere is really calm and nostalgic, probably because of the variations of the background too. the gameplay is easy and get more interesting over the time. 5 stars well deserved imo
darius moss : this is a well polished, fun little time killer. i think it would benefit from at least one more song added to the soundtrack. the same song on every run quickly gets repetitive, in an already decidedly repetitive game. i agree with others that the coin doubler is overpriced. i'd gladly pay $2.99 for a coin doubler/remove ads option.
a google user : it's one of the best games i've seen on android. its like ski safari grew up!
dianne consolacion : perfect game to play in short bursts. extremely polished in terms of visuals, sounds and gameplay. stands out in a saturated market of infinite runners.
charles kevin : the beautiful weather interface for the eye, piano background score for the ears and roasted battery smell for the nose. this game invokes all the senses in you.
john manson : just wanted to add to the chorus of people complaining about no option to remove ads. ruins the experience completely. i get the free on android thing because pirates but at least unlock it for those who pay for an iap or something!
stitch official : amazing little game, great for wasting a little time with a chilled soundtrack and very good graphics. the ambience is simply beautiful.
ibrahim sheikh : reminds me of the old jetpack joy ride type games, except for with a beautiful art style which make this a refreshing pleasure to play!
suhan s : this is the kinda game that brings out the beauty of the screens of higher end phones like the galaxy s6. absolutely worth it
alan herve meric : doesnt work,just a black screen and a sound.my device is: galaxy s4 and running on 5.0.2
debanjan paul : aesthetically pleasing. besides that, fairly easy gameplay. it's a good game, but don't overplay it as it could get repetitive.
rubny emile : one more song would be a nice addition, other than that great game, and the days and nights could be longer or shorter either way would be nice little touch...
donovan metcalf : the game is very dark in color pallet, hard to see to play.
amanda goddard : i have been waiting almost a year for it to come out on android. i have to steal my daughter's ipad to play!
zach heise : beautiful game, and i've enjoyed playing it for the past 2 hours straight, but i can't rate it any higher until you allow me to pay you $2-3 to get rid of the silly "revive period." i don't need coins and i don't need video ads; just let me pay you.
baran uluerler : it looks fun. but it would be better if started..
karthik narasimhan : challenging physics, beautiful art! no unnecessary adverts or in app purchases that mess with the beauty of the game. this is the definition of freemium!
nic linville : literally almost bought an iphone for this game. the joy it brings me is greater than that of the birth of my children. thank you, based alto gods.
hiroaki min : hope you can add more challenging obstacles in futher update.
nicolas cook : amazing material grafics, fun but challenging gameplay. i love it.
shaun lou : i hve been waiting 2 play this on android for so long. its super fun
abe ramseyer : this game is so pleasing to look at. i love the simple design and sound/music
void nowaz : i think that they cood at leest make the back flip time a bit faster
antonis tsagaris : for once, the hype seems deserved. very disappointing that we can't pay to remove ads, though - this makes me want to uninstall it, as great as it is.
nick camp : thrilled this game finally came to android! so far so good. no major errors, smooth game play. no complaints. just as good as ios version!
grant newman : simply stunning. you have to try this game out. i'd happily pay for a live wallpaper with some of this scenery!
d nguyen : this came to android. nicely done, simple game. lovely graphics and soundtrack.
faisal ahmed : yes, it's a beautiful game. but it is so boring.
r : after i saw it on ios i had been waiting for it to be launched on android platform for quite a while...! awesome game
michael furtak : and a ton of fun to play to boot!
a k : beautifully designed and extremely smooth. simple, although exceptionally addictive!
mayur kher : please fix.
john priddey : a beautiful game that surprisingly works very smoothly on my samsung s3 mini.
gruven haus : if noodlecake has their hands in this it will be pretty sick!!!
cameron yeager : finally on android, this game is beautiful, simple, and way too much fun!
ryan dominguez : i love it so much is just simply fun and enjoyable while i'm in the bus on the train i love you so much
chintan panchamia : flat design, and fluidity of graphics, with a simplified gameplay, concoction for getting users hooked on it.
silver cardona : actually is the same 'typical-snowboarding-game' but the art is awesome!
paulius daunys : probably the most beautiful mobile game out there!
marco michael : good game good graphics ... and the soundtrack is so good and the best of it i don't get any ads .. bravo !
jo aristo : a simple game but still fun. a nice timewaster too. worth trying
krishanu dutta bhuyan : rock visibility at night could have been better though
max mathys : love it, performance could be better, another soundtrack would be nice too
emmanuel dicky : cant open the game after installing and slow respond from dev
mahmud kamal x : fantastic game with awesome graphic and wonderful gameplay
igor zatezalo : loving the game, but having na iap to remove ads would be nice.
costin mirica : stunning design, beautiful, clean artwork, simple and fun gameplay! great job!
rafael lawrence : best graphics. enjoyable game.
roney thomas : fun game. google play games integration would be great.
kiraly andras : but nothing special.
brad lane : it's just ski safari with slightly better graphics
yogesh : polished graphics and a wonderful soundtrack!
sanim satri : most importantly its so beautifulll!
k a r t r i k : good graphics but notlevel with more addition
tejbir singh baidwan : thanks for fixing the tutorial chasm!
chris cummins : great design and really fun.
sai prashanth reddy : the most beautiful game i ever played.....thanks noodlecake team for giving free
farhad haider : very enjoyable to play .. but why google play saying it has only one downloads ??.. means i am the only one playing it !!!...
tommy : played before on ios
enes msh : the graphics are amazing
yanni mecwan : nice scenery graphics
salim ennadi : the best graphics and the best gameplasy ever !! this game is a masterpiece . been waiting so long
arjun menon : great game.... simple and the best super like... was waiting for this game to come on android
raunak : superb! i just can't get enough of it.
a google user : ... but it's only ski safari with a 2016 look. if you have played through the other two games, move on, there's nothing to see here.
fahad kamran : waited forever for this game
davin horn : the best stress killer game :')
paul marsh : soothing fun game!
dimmiti dinesh raja : loved the game..... worth trying
rabin fuyal : awesome game love it ...
a google user : amazing game very addictive
thodoris thomaidis : damn that game is beautiful
pankaj phartiyal : lovely gaming experience
andrew kvilhaug : awesome snowboarding game
j : go for the adventure
roshen varughese : gorgeous and fun
pushpak dhawan : love the soundtrack
shamik ghosh : beautiful and skillful
tom cheal : absolutely love this game, been waiting for it to hit the play store since i saw someone playing the ios version. the graphics and art style are incredible and i love it, reminds me of journey or monument valley slightly (which is a good thing!). the soundtrack and sound effects are great, really relaxing and immerses you in the world, the art style and graphics add to this as well. the game runs nice and smooth, and the controls feel satisfying. good job guys
fenyx : this is a stunning, enjoyable game. the graphics are gorgeous, the music relaxing, and the gameplay addictive. the iap for the coin doubler is somewhat reasonably priced, but apparently more than the entire game's cost on ios, which doesn't make sense to me. the coin cost for reviving the player is prohibitively high - can't see myself ever using that option unless the price goes down. my biggest complaint is how difficult it is to see rocks sometimes - especially at night. most of them are outlined nicely with coins, but some aren't, and those can be nearly impossible to see, even after you trip over them. that said, the game is still enjoyable and provides an almost meditative experience - as long as you go into it expecting to crash (a lot!). nice that it works with the nvidia shield controller, too! definitely a keeper.
a google user : didn't hear about this game until 10 mins ago. but now i'm loving it! brilliant piece of mobile game design! great visual style, the animations, time of day cycle and frontend ui are top notch. great soundtrack, very soothing and relaxing. extremely simple yet intuitive controls. it's free and i haven't encountered any paywall yet!
jon bridgeman : everything they say about this game is true - it is a beautiful experience that looks stunning. however, it is spoilt by the hugely insulting iap that asks us to pay more than the original game price of the ios version for a coin doubler that does not remove the ads. i'm sure many android gamers are sympathetic to their well publicised stance about piracy and why the game has been made free but surely there is a way of providing an option to have a premium experience, for those of us who don't pirate games.
daniel mehlig : this game is amazing, but why is the in app purchase useless, its a shame to see this beautiful game blighted by advertisements.
sahadat khandakar : its too difficult to jump the long distance, plz fix this. and ads ruins the experience -_-
a google user : i only have a single challenge left on my iphone so i'm glad they brought it to android so that i can play it again on a larger tablet screen. when i heard it's gonna be free i was afraid that i'll be stuck with a huge banner on the bottom of my screen every time i wanted to play the game but i must say that i love how they implemented the add system. my only issue is that every time upon loading, after the title disappears the screen goes black and stays like that for 20 to 30 seconds before the game starts. great game otherwise.
mr. and mrs. bergeron : i don't get the big to do about it. all you do is snowboard down a never ending mountain. i'm a bit confused why that makes it an amazing game. graphics are on par with most other games.
gabriel medina : it's basically sky safari with great visuals but the gameplay is dull and it feels like there's nothing more to do.
shamik kundu : have been waiting for it ever since it was released on ios back in early 2015. by far the best endless runner in recent times.
r j : finally an endless runner which is enchanting and interesting. gets repetitive and can do with better snowboarders, but for the time being, this game is ticking most of the correct boxes. keep up the good work.
wisik pramono : the design is awesome, the score is great, and the story is simple yet appealing. i am having a good time.
erwin tejada : a really relaxing game, the music is very calming and i love the minimalist touch to it.
hari : it deserves more than editor's choice. it's just scintillatingly beautiful
s zote : ads are a little annoying, other than that a very good & fun game
bat freak : i have nfs most wanted and gta vice city in my phone but it not heat my device but in this game i play only 5 minute and phone heat like microwave please fix this. my phone model is micromax canvas mega- e353
kiran chandra : i would happily pay money to remove ads, and there is no option. this is really disappointing. please add an iap to disable ads. this would make the game a 5 star app.
col brokenshire : the first version works great on my zenfone 2 but after the update i am getting a black screen and nothing else...
victor feliz : the game is really good. the sound, art, gameplay and settings are amazing. but like others the ads are ruining the experience. enable options to your customers please. i will pay for this
sumit paul : one of the best games in google play.
dani ona : simple game mechanics, great physics and artwork. super addictive.
imagon nasah : its an endless runner mixed with great graphics and i love it.
deekshan raisinghani : the perfect definition of a mobile game best on the play store cheers and kudos to the developer
jose dejesus : it's finally available on android! waited only a year for this, thanks noodle cake awesome job!
pascal fritz : awesome graphics, very addictive and great fun. works well on samsung s6
sujith nair : beautiful graphics with soothing soundtrack.. and nice gameplay too
adrian patrascu : one star because of the iap and ads. i would like to purchase this game but the developer won't allow me to.
a google user : i was waiting for this game since ios premiere. i love it!
stu blair : probably the slickest game i've play on android.
avik karati : awesome graphics , addictive gameplay and main usp is its free to play
nilesh reddy : great game but after level 3 it still shows the goals of level 3 in level 4 and level5
mushtaq khan : the game physics are buttery smooth and the art work is soothing.
alex g : people complaining about ads on a free game is ridiculous.
enrico vicari : i was waiting for this game. just as gorgeous as it looked like on ios.
karan lahoria : good game. very interesting and have great fun. really best game.
paris k : 4.47 for a coin doubler when the full price of the game is $3 on appstore? something isn't right. someone has to rethink their monetization plan.
mike jones : rocks spoil the game, too hard to see.
nelson henriquez : i was waiting for this game for one year already but it finally came to android
sandeep zx : most beautiful game i have ever played.
a google user : good game especially when you are high.
abelardo zavaleta : was great on ios and still great on android
jp taljaard : really like this this game
pavan kumar : very disappointed with lack of option to disable ads...
rizky nindra : nice graphics, love it
isman junian : uses a lot of background data. smh
prima yuda : damn it's good, the graphic really amazing, very beautiful...
kima khiangte : loved it!!!! cool graphic and shooting music...
prit patel : this game is world best game.
yazan farkh : simple.beautiful.lovely!
jamie stewart : found it thanks to @cliffwade
deviantartjr henz : are you kidding me? revive need to look at the ads?
jahin : beautiful and fun
vivek parmar : thnks for android...
b hansen : beautiful game and very easy and relaxing. the only problen i had was that
there want much to do. most of the items cost money and the things can buy
without money are not that good. overall, it's a great game if you want to
relax and play every now and then when things are slow. i would love to see
more from this developer in the future.
tmx : alto's adventure is not just a skiing game but it focusses more on adventure and skills. you explore different places at different day cycles ( day and night), you perform skills such as grinding, grabbing and flipping. you can merge combos together with rock taps, and back flips. this game can be played on the go anywhere, anyplace and anytime offline. you must accomplish certain tasks to acquire a level to unlock different characters.
jaymo : its fun if you like smashing into an endless supply of rocks strewn across the slope to throw your timing off. the guy back flips way too slow so get use to wiping out. the soundtrack is meant to soothe but that's kinda hard to do when you're getting frustrated.
slowdown sloth : this is a wonderful game. loved it. but there is an issue. there is a glitch with respect to ads. if you momentarily keep the app playing in the background after clicking on watch ad and then open it from active apps the ads usually vanish but the reward for the ad is still given. like i could get unlimited coins by doing this. developers please note.
lorna lowder : fun game. love it on my phone. now want to try it out on the tablet. normally my type of games are based on knowledge, this is the first of this genre that i have really enjoyed. everytime it would list a more difficult trick i would think i could never learn how to do one and with practice, i can grind, flip and hover with the best of them. thanks for proving old ladies can learn new tricks too ;-)
louis louth : the stunning landscapes put my qhd screen to use. more like watching a great long painting unravel than playing a game. you want to do well so you can see the end of this painting - you dont though. the thing about this game is that it is an endless runner which is a real shame as (sadly) you get bored quickly. lovely but for a short time
schenell saladin : the game play was smooth and the art is beautiful. the day and night transitions added depth to the game. every segue in alto's adventure included a loud interrupting colourful advertisement. it took away from the feel of the game in addition to being too intrusive. i understand ad supported games and i expect to see an ad every once in a while, even choosing to watch more for coins and lives. this was too much and ruined a perfectly good game.
natallia mey : i love this game, i think its beautiful and well made i reccomend it to
anyone who wants a calming but challenging game! as much as i love this
game i can only enjoy it in short bursts, since it gets kinda boring and
redundent. but i think thats just me haha. you can really see the effort
put into this game. good job on making such a great game :3
mathew simko : fun, casual game. i love the art style. the music and the sounds are very
calming. the simple but, fun gameplay makes for a great game you can play
between breaks or if you need to pass time. i enjoyed unlocking all the
different characters (my favorite is the llama) and using their different
abilities. this is one of my favorite games and i highly recommend it
paul macdonnell : i had a great time playing through this, until an update reset all my progress and put me right back to the beginning, even though i was successfully signed in to google play. my play account still shows all my progress, but my game is right back to the start. that's sacrilege in my book, so i've uninstalled.
david sergey : extremely annoying adds, on top of them some adds start mid game and can crash or introduce lags. i could not find a way to buy an add free version of this game. i buy games to get fun from them, this game creates fun for a short amount of time, but then follows with frustration and annoys me, hence the 1 star rating, because at the end of a day, i remember frustration for longer period.
jaden : a very fun and addictive indie endless runner! however, i've noticed various bugs and glitches during gameplay. the controls will often freeze up for a second and a half around chasms and grinds. a llama can sometimes be seen glitching by running without legs, and the hover feather sometimes doesn't active the hover effect. i will rate 5 stars when these are fixed.
tim steinbach : you are just going down a hill doing flips and stuff. avoid the angry town guard and you will be fine. super entertaining. so entertaining i would play it while on the phone with my fiance, so if it can hold my attention while talk to the love of my life, it deserves at least 10 minutes of your time.
julio ovalle : nicely done game with wonderful graphics but ultimately a bit boring. i can play adventure time ski safari or ski safari itself for the same kind of the game play and have a much more enjoyable and fun experience. also the game lags a lot despite the fact i'm using a nexus 6 which should be more than enough to handle it.
a google user : a beautiful game, fantastic gameplay, wonderful soundtrack. critique some jumps are really inpossible without speed, and that can be difficult to have sometimes. the respawn feature could also use some tweaking, for example, when dying from a fall between jumps, respawn the player a longer distance away from the jump instead of right next to it. all in all a really great game.
k sunny man : with only one trick and not very exciting obstacles, watching the character chase after some awesome llamas is becomes about the only interesting thing in the game, apart from the great music. after a few times, i think i became bored enough to install tetris because i found it more interesting and challenging. great effort, and a great game, but not something i'd stick with for very long.
bossanater your boss : i am bread and butter. i will not be able to make it. i have to pay you back. i am a very good, and i will be a little bit close to the bone. she has to do you want me. the other side of things that you can also be used in 50th birthday party for my own personal injury law enforcement. i am going through the process of getting a new one. i will have to be a good day. i have a good idea to have to do with my. if you are looking for a few years ago and have to go back in time. i am going to the speech, and a.
sohier christie : i don't play many mobile games, but since this one was announced for ios i have been anticipating it's launch on android. sadly it launched as a free title, ad and pop-up supported, and the ads really get in the way of gameplay. very often the game will crash or reset after an ad. i live the game, but the monetization gets in the way of it, please add a paid option to remove ads.
erin nicole fernandez : i don't really post reviews, but this game really deserves it. you really get immersed in the setting. it's nice seeing the transitions in the enviroment, riding freely and back flipping, running away from elders. the visuals along with the music are breathtaking, and i especially like the fact that they added the zen mode, it's really calming and relaxing and i love it. would definitely recommend this game.
tyler smith : very good game. it is calming, and relaxing especially in zen mode. the point of the game is very odd, but also very interesting. there arent any ads and the only ads are completely voluntary which reward you with in app items. the developers worked very hard for this game and it shows in the graphics which are extremely good for a game like this, and the music in the background. if i had the chance to download this game again, i would.
ameenath vifadha : ok i'm gonna say it...this is the most frustrating game i have ever played.
but i don't blame the game. i am not a very good gamer at all. it really
relaxing until the rocks start coming. i hate the rocks. but i have to
say...the graphics of this game is great the gameplay is really good. the
background is beautiful. i totally think you should download it (unless you
are impatient like me lol)
truth_is_the _new_hate : this game is amazing. the art style, the music, and the game play have an enchanting feel to them. very relaxing yet exciting to play. by far this is the best snowboard game on google play. and one of my top 3 favorite mobile games. it's not very often that a game gets this much praise from me as i am hard to please when it comes to gaming but the developers did an amazing job with this one. i'd love to see a number 2
a google user : would give a long nice review about it but my phone deleted ever bit of it so this: 1 can't see rocks because(they blend with the background) and trees block them. 2 it is a gambling game if you can do a backflip or not{when it appears to be like crossy road}
a google user : i dislike how long it takes to actually begin a game; generally if i'm playing a game on my phone it's for a quick distraction, and it does take some time to get going. also, in the latest update, the jump feature doesn't work (htc one m8). not a bad game, i like it, but it's not for me
robert stark : immediately asks for access to files, photos and media on your device
(which can be denied) without any apparent need for it. beautiful design
and aesthetic, but gameplay seems engineered to make you fall off as often
as possible so that you watch an ad to carry on. uninstalled a few hours
later.
a google user : this game looks great. the design is wonderful (although definitely ios-inspired with the blurring backgrounds). besides that, though, it's honestly a pretty boring game. slide down the hill, tap to jump, hold tap to flip very slowly...that's about it. i can see why users love the aesthetic of the game, but as far as actual gameplay goes it's lacking.
david clendenon : i loved and played this game for months. one day, every time i got really far it would pop up with an ad that would block the whole screen and not pause the game. so you had to try to figure out how to close the ad before you die and if you succeeded, it would force close.. otherwise it would be a 5 star
naveen sharma : i've finished this game a long ago but i always come back to this because i never liked any android game as much as this one except "leo's fortune"... this game has that kind of vibes which will not only keep you busy but also entertained. i think ya'll should give this game a try.
a a : i don't normally review games but this is really beautiful. the gameplay is fun but the art style is absolutely gorgeous and even the interface ties in perfectly too. very charming game. one thing i don't like is when the guy on llamaback starts chasing you, it goes against the tranquile feel of the game i think. also would like if i could spend coins to customize the character (clothing, etc.)
starwanderer andromeda : just like a bunch of other games, they have taken all the fun out of it - it's annoying and tiring to have to start from scratch every time you crash, you can continue just by watching some advert i dont want. uninstalled, looking for better games from smarter developers.
tomer helzer : nice game and good graphics, but the fun ends when you can't complete missions. at some point the levels become really hard, so from a nice relaxing game it becomes like all the other games: hard missions which make you stress. i enjoyed the game in the first levels until i reached the higher ones, i realized i'm sweating and later angry and frustrated because i just can't pass the next level. i hoped this game will be relaxing and fun to play, i was wrong.
isaac kobza : the game itself is very well produced and is very infectious already spreading through 1 million android devices,but to keep people playing, you should add like a customise shop or something and you could make money off it too.
adam o. borja : i found it simple to play, yet deeply engrossing. however, the longer you play, it becomes repetitive so you can almost anticipate what's gonna happen next still, its highly recommended for people who have extra time to spare. doesn' t even need to be online all the time. sweet!
ngc 12 : loveliest game i've ever played. it's so relaxing and really suitable to
play after a tiring day. all the graphics are just so great, beautiful and
soft i would say. the music is so comfortable. i can't wait to try alto
odyssey but before that, this is the best game and my favourite.
ben smalley : i really like the art style of this, especially the day/night cycle. it reminds me of firewatch. one thing that should be implemented in this game is being able to do a front flip too, tapping the left side should be for back flips while tapping right side should be for front flips. i also like how ads don't stop you from playing since i only watch videos to get coins, which is the only form of advertisement from what i've experienced so far. that's doing ads right. (i'd add more but there's a text limit)
a google user : alto is a great game. very beautiful, fluent and bug free, and most important entertaining, even for game veterans loving challenges. it's easy to play but hard to master. even the ads which appear in the free version of the game are done well - they appear rarely and you don't even need to watch if you don't want to. well done developers!
annisa sabrina : this game is amazing in so many ways! beautiful art style, nice atmosphere, relaxing soundtrack outstanding sound effects, simple controls, intuitive game mechanics also addictive and entertaining gameplay. it is so well made and near the perfection. alto's adventure is almost everything that i've ever wanted in a game. despite of all its flaws, i really recommend it to everyone and you wont regret it once you've installed it
a google user : very interesting i was thinking to download a game under 70 mb because my
phone's storage was less but now i got this i am downloading the game and
will feed back you after 3 days guys . thank u. if agree with me then plz
hit like
laif garrett : wouldnt allow me to simply jump over the rock obstacle. oh yea fun to play till you stumble upon a rock which is often. any time i could get the player to jump he would idiotically attempt a backflip.. seriously android developers its been months since ive seen a fun, well working game.
nignog : alto's adventure is a very pretty game. it's not afraid to give you landscape shots of its scenery. however, i found its focus on visuals over the gameplay a bit of a hassle. the game itself is very simple, to say the least; it's one touch controls. since this is mobile we're talking about, it's not out of the ordinary for simplicity to take center stage. however, i found plenty of issues with the way the scenery was presented, occasionally hiding te player model, leading to death.
shari s. : i was attracted to this because it reminds me of this game i played as a kid in prep school. there was this one mac pc in the computer lab that had this skiing game on it where you had to avoid obstacles like stones, trees and this yeti that looked like a kids scribble would eat your character xd. the background music is relaxing, in love with the graphics/how the sky changes from day to late afternoon. it's not too easy or too difficult. controls are easy to use. sometimes i just play to relax and ignore the goals even.
prakhar : this game is also available on xbox app in windows 10. graphics in 10 is same as in android version. the game has a bit positive impact on my mind. as compared to other games (with negative content) it is a good one. achievements make it special. the game features a mountain terrain with changing theme, for 15 minutes you have day then evening sunset then night. sometimes rain might start falling. overall this is my favorite game on mobile device as well as pc. that's why it is game of the year.
kaustav saha : alto's adventure lived beyond the expectations of it's user's.....it's soothing music, beautiful graphics and gorgeous scenarios with time variations is marvellous. it is fun as well as a relaxing treat to the eyes and the ears.i would like to request the noodlecake studios to upgrade this unique game further by adding more randomly appearing obstacles and forest animals....especially the characters should have more details and their uniqueness should be more stark during gameplay.
ryan heddins : seems fun, but still has bugs. the first time it asked of i would like a video to revive alto, it asked for permissions and i accepted, then it didn't do anything no matter how many times i tapped the play button. then later while i was in a menu it randomly started playing an ad, but gave me no benefit from watching it. then another time when prompting to watch an ad to accumulate 500 coins, the app doesn't command the phone to stay awake whole the ad is playing, so my phone screen turned off during the ad
patricia loga : it was by far my absolute favourite game! and then idk what happened but i'm assuming an update and the graphics just stopped working altogether. what used to be a coin is now a gold rectangle and what used to be a ramp is now some blurry brown lines. you can barely see the rocks anymore and the game seems as if it was just released with a million glitches! would love to install it again if they fix the bugs but for now it's just not worth it.... :(
a google user : i give 4 stars on the game because when you pause in zen mode and try to
take a shot with the camera mode, when you try to save or share it it's
just a black screen. no picture. i played this game so much awhile ago and
i recently installed it, loving it even more. that's probably the only
thing wrong with the game
trevor sean olsen : this is one of the best games i have ever played. it lagged a few times on my galaxy s5 when i had other apps running. other than that it ran great, it is challenging, simple, and fun. i spend way more time playing it than i should. and the graphics are beautiful.
teena gossain : the small thing is that i don't get enough speed to go to (i forgot that name of the gap) the other side and i need to see a video to save myself. but the best part is the elder chasing me
khidruun starwolf : simple controls, ridiculously fun game play with just the right amount of challenge, beautiful music and visual design... this is a must have for mobile, if your device can run it. the only reason i don't give it 5 stars is that there are some occasional technical problems, even on my brand new nexus 5x. sometimes the game simply stops responding to your taps, causing you not to be able to jump. exiting and restarting will fix this, but it is an issue i hope they will address in future updates.
erik arndt : an endless runner with beautiful, gorgeous visuals ... and not much else. the game gets repetitive after around an hour, and sometimes the lighting and the trees in the foreground actually make it harder to see what's coming next. but it's just so freakin' pretty.
nathan garthwaite : this game is amazing, but as a returning player i was disappointed to see
it packed full of cash unlocks and terrible ads. the cash unlocks i get,
not everyone want to take the time to unlock all the characters (insert
meme about "player choice!"), but the ads are the worst. they are so
inconsistent with the feel of the game and really break the chill feeling
of just carving down a mountain that i use to get. uninstalled the game cos
i just can't!
a google user : please add another mode where we can play the game endlessly without any
interruptions or advertisements like the older version of this game. i used
to love the game before but i get irritated now when the game keeps ending
every 5 minutes. otherwise, love the graphics and music.
suvendu sarkar : it's very lovely game. background music is wonderful. which makes me remember something. but one thing is that some times it's not opening n lagging n crashing bit a lot..otherwise it nice..plss fix these issues..
fred ford : i love this game because it is buitiful and ralaxing. i don't like how the added adds and you have to pay for no adds! but i can cope with it. another good thing about alto's adventures is that you can do whatever you want on it because on other games you get set loads of targets and goals to complete. were as on this game, all you have to do is collect the lamma animal thingymabobs. you don't need wifi eather! i've got a good trick if you dont want adds but you don't want to pay for 'no adds'. all you have to do is go onto the game then switch the wifi off. vwala!
ethan erwin : really great has a good concept all though it is very hard to do some of the missions i feel it adds a challenging aspect most games don't have and coins aren't very hard to get if you upgrade your coin magnet but i think the cost for the wing suit is a bit ridiculous lower the cost it will make the game more fun. the last thing i won't to say its a bit lagy but other why's it has no adds and its very good thumbs up :)
sahil singh : this game seems to have developed a new bug, wherein it crashes after i've played for a while and makes my phone reboot(oneplus one). i don't know if this is a general bug or one just specific to my phone.
kian howe : i've been playing this game for two years now and it's still a blast to try
to beat my old scores. even after completing everything from challenges to
achievements you can still enjoy alto's simple yet stunning graphics and
fun, easy controls.
tank whitney : fix the jumping mechanic and the game would be perfect. it's almost impossible to clear the big jump ramps, even when boosted. the jump needs to be increased to match the map design. it feels as if it was designed for a "double jump" but it was left out. the sound design is very enjoyable. just fire the physics guy.
lane bevers : good game but it would be nice if you weren't forced to sit through adds
each time you land wrong. i'd be more willing to out money in for upgrades
or coins rather than just to get rid of adds. adds ruined the fun game.
dug from the earth : i much prefer other similar ski games that don't stop your enjoyment after "crashing" the first time. this game is just basically an endless runner in that regard. would have given it only 1 star if it way for the superb art.
logan affleck : this app is great at incorporating ads so that you don't ever see them unless you chose to. the gameplay is entertaining and the soundtrack is alright. the only downside is that it wants permission to look at my browsing history, what apps i have, and a couple other things that i was uncomfortable about. i had to uninstall it, but it's overall a great game!
christian bottorff : the game is fun as hell to play. i would love more than anything to see something just like this, but with skateboarding instead of snowboarding. it may seem out of place to put deep chasms like that in what i'd imagine would be a city setting, but i personally see that as an opportunity to make it fun, epic, and bizarre. exactly like what i feel a skateboarding game should be like.
jatin : the graphics are subtle,its hard to jump off cliffs,you need proper concentration to play,seems like you're studying not playing a video game.the music kinda bores you.don't download if you're looking for a good game.don't let the description fool you!
mamta sharma : ------ join alto and his friends as they embark on an endless snowboarding odyssey. journey across the beautiful alpine hills of their native wilderness, through neighbouring villages, ancient woodlands, and long-abandoned ruins. along the way you'll rescue runaway llamas, grind rooftops, leap over terrifying chasms and outwit the mountain elders all while braving the ever changing elements and passage of time upon the mountain. features:
spencer clark : the graphics are good. but, that means nothing wjen the game doesn't run smooth. also, in my very first run after the tutorial, i was completely unable to jump over rocks. i tried to replay and restart the app, and same problem. then i went to replay the tutorial to maybe see if i'm doing something wrong, and i wasn't. but now i wasn't only able to not jump, but, couldn't do tricks either. good concept, terrible execution.
backwoods hick : this is a fun and addicting game, don't get me wrong, but as with any new game, there were a few glitches that slipped through. one such glitch was at the very first title screen where the game would seemingly freeze and was unable to continue to the menu screen. another glitch that seemed to slip it's way through was the inability to jump over obstacles and other things requiring a tap *of which i tapped various amounts of times with no success.* this is a fun game but i will say i'm undownloading it. 3/5.
jack white : this is an overall beautiful game! the music and sound effects surround you, whilst the gameplay is smooth and relaxing. whilst there are unique characters and stunning graphics, my only improvements would be to carry on making more unique aspects so i can carry on playing for longer! excellent game, definitely a hidden gem!
aidan francis : very rarely do i rate a game and never have i wanted to do it without being asked. this game is a gem, it's controls are simplistic and easy to learn. it's art and day and night cycle are unique and absolutely stunning and it's soundtrack is something entirely different, it's something i'd listen to outside of the game and opening the app and hearing the music has got to be the most relaxing thing i've ever done on my phone! would recommend to anybody looking for something to spend countless hours playing!
daniel grooms : very fun game, much love for the indie devs. i did just have a problem where the app caused my phone to become unresponsive forcing me to remove the battery to restart. not sure if this was caused by the phone or the app. i'm using a galaxy s5.
jonel alexis caroc : the game mechanic was great, the fact that you'll have to catch those coins, llamas, and other stuffs are quite hard already, but the most hardest part was the background view, god its so beautiful! i can't focus on the course because its so tempting to look and stare at that view. i mean, look at that sunrise! you cannot just ignore it or not appreciate it, its just so damned gorgeous!
tia pagett : it calms me down and puts a smile on my face no matter what i always have a goal if its to get heaps of money to skip a task or to complete a task to unlock a new character i love it so darn much
sokol avdyli : this game has great graphics. i used to play it for a long time in ios and now im very satisfied its available and works like a charm in android. dont listen to noob people that say this doesnt work. they all know is how to use facebook.
samantha moore : i really tried to like this game but there was so many kinks while trying to play such as blank screen or my screen would randomly rotate making me lose instantly everytime. it was more annoying and frustrating than enjoyable.
sage serendipity : such a beautiful game! i wish i could walk right into it. it reminds me of monument valley with its gorgeous graphics! usually i'm not too fond of non-puzzle games, but this is one my exceptions! i love it! i don't even care about the ads in this game- and i hate ads! if you thinking about it, go ahead and try it out! you might just enjoy it.
bruh : visually stunning game, the sound design is absolutely crisp and is a real time killer. but the only reason im putting 4 stars is because most of the time i have to restart the game tab since theres this glitch that doesnt let me jump at all. bummer
vlado jokic : game is designed around selling in app purchases. make a mistake and pay up coins you worked hard to get. we've seen enough of this. i'd rather pay a couple of dollars and be left alone to play the game without being hustled.
m a r a : the best way of life and the other hand i have to be a good idea to the world of the most popular properties in the uk and ireland destinations only a few days ago by the way to get the cheapest price for the next day delivery of the most popular properties in the uk and ireland destinations only a few days ago by the way to get the cheapest price for the next day delivery of the weather was wondering how much it costs and benefits package for your reply by a local authority in next few months and the re
james dennison-farrar : good game ... only bad thing is that if u crash near the start alot the music becomes irritating ... just wish there could be more music tracks.. and different moods of music depending on the time of day and weather. thanks
a google user : graphics have defined this game. background music is so nice that it won't let the player get out easily. day and night sequence is one of the best parts of this game. thanks for making it and keep making such games.
kirei kotomine : it's not the best game but i usually hate endless runners but this game won me over. it is different from other ones and is a joy to play.
rory carroll : i love it but a glitch has happened where i lose the money i collect and i am now on -30,000 coins so i can't get the purchase the wingsuit which is very annoying. please see if you can help just a update i am now on -40,000 but the money glitch has stopped and i am collecting coins,is there some way to reset my coins to 0
andy bennett : i love this game. it's the perfect thing for a phone or tablet. a simple idea for a little physics platformer pulled off flawlessly and with more care than similar games other developers crank out in swarms. with that said, i'll play the hell out of any sequel that this developer cranks out.
caitlyn burgin : this game is beautiful and peaceful and i love it but i'm not very good at time based machanics haha if this were turned into a pc game with adventure like the two brothers game i would be all up for it. even though i can't play it i still enjoyed it so 5 stars!
gillian cotton-graves : great gameplay but the game itself continues to stop and shut down every
time i would open to the app. i had to uninstall because i'm frustrated by
it.
sheena shin : easy to understand and smooth playing. the controls are easy to use and the point of the game is simple. sometimes my controls are not working and the character seems to slide on without being able to jump. i have to restart the game in order for the character to jump again. please fix.
a google user : this game deserves 5 stars on every single aspect. it is too good to be a
free game but thank god it is. the graphics are pure breathtaking beauty
and controls are simple, the soundtrack is extremely peaceful and
mesmerizing, there are not too many ads. any person that does not have this
on their phone is missing out on the greatest experience that a phone could
give and anyone who rates it badly must have done it by accident. and i
just cannot wait for alto's oddessy!
aswath : you have to watch ads to continue playing if you make a mistake once. otherwise you start from the beginning. i would play this game if more "lives" were given or if there were checkpoints. for all its graphics and "one tap" system, the advertising and reward system puts you off.
wangyang xie : beautiful game but limited gameplay mechanics makes the slow progression in unlocking new characters painful - which are supposedly eased via iaps. however, that same limitation in mechanics means i was less likely to put in money into the game in the first place. would've probably made more sense to ease on the coin grind and made the game a one-time purchase in my opinion.
butterfly jmw : it's such a cute little game that is simple but still gets challenging. it is very addictive and i can't stop playing.
jay dubster : basically a "tap to jump over rocks" sideways scroller. looks & sounds good but that's it. levels are same but with "travel further without crashing" or "pick up a certain thing" gets dull after about 2-3 levels. really don't see what all the fuss is about, and the award reviewers must've had a serious back hander to rate this as "game of the year" or whatever. oh god, this is just a direct rip off from winter adventure, which only scored 3*. there you have it.
swethaa selvam : i've been searching for a good game for so long and now it feels like i've found my destiny... the graphics are so beautiful and i don't want to stop playing. i normally don't rate apps but here it is to the most amazing game in the world!
a google user : pretty good. i liked it because it lets you calm down or makes you relax but it also shows you a journey, trying to beat your high score and all that fun.
cody fisher : they said they fixed the black screen after the title but it just happened to me. good job guys
manoela l. : i'm very angry coz this game has a lot of ads, then i've purchased it so i
could play the version without them. well, before buying it i use to have 3
chances to revive the character after watching ads, after buying it you
only have one extra life and if you intend to gain coins, guess what? ads
again. so it's a scam, even if u buy it there will be ads and it gets even
harder to get things done with only 1 extra life
vjai prabaharan : its best adventurous game i have ever seen. best work team. keep on going like this best animation and sound effects. i love it. thank you for providing us this type of treat
raven lagoon : total awesome game with dope music. i really like these adventure games with person traveling all over the place. really loved it.
sanofar sano : i play this game when i feel alone and this game even get rid my depressions love this soooooooo much #well #done #guys
tanmay arora : it's an absolutely beautiful game. the zen mode is the best thing to do to relax your mind after a long and rough day. the music is beautiful. thanks for this guys.
nina vizcarra : it was alright. got a bit bored eventually. some levels were already a bit
challenging from the start, they shoud've transitioned the difficulty a
little slowler.
kheshavan jayakumar : woah lucky thing this great game was not priced in android devices because the price of it is nearly as minecraft's price on ios. this game is cool with soothing music and great graphics
christian velez : it's simple, well made, difficult but not too difficult. i have it on two devices and it works fine with no glitches.
alexander a : the game won't run past the title screen. just goes black and freezes my phone. uninstalled until fixed.
thecraich : the game is fun and it looks good. it's pretty much adventure time ski safari. if you fall down you either have to watch advertising or pay money. sooo unethical. just charge your dollar and leave the ads out of it noodlecake.
david hudson : this game is a lot of fun it's almost like that ski jump game but it's cooler than a darker seen ish um it's great when your boredom
john d : everytime you die/wreck you either have to watch a 45 second video or spend gold coins to get back to the game. when you are learning the game, it's like 20 seconds of gameplay, 45 seconds of "buy/download" something ...no thanks
a google user : i think that this is a wonderful app, i had it on my kindle and now i'm getting it on here. it is very entertaining and has an ease of gameplay while still being thought-provoking
juan deag : damn, never seen a mobile phone game that has graphics like this. it's so good, your mom would like to have a dinner date with it
chase martin : great game, but i loathe video ads. i'd gladly drop a few coins to get rid of them. make this an option please.
anish chandra : a brilliant game that blew my mind. beautiful scenes of mountain along with simple controls combined with the thrill of doing stunts makes it a perfect game.
kendall dixon : i love this game the graphics, gameplay and the game itself is really good. i would reccomend this game to other people and if you read this review and played the game i really hope you like it .
vishal : looks interesting when played for the first time. but totally got bored
when played 4 to 5 times. not that good. can't expect more from it.
kinsey adams : when i got to the part to jump over the huge hole i never made it even uf my timing and speed were right .
andrea coleman : i absolutely adore this game!! it's definitely one of my favorites. it's calm, addictive, relaxing and aesthetically pleasing to the eyes, and great music. the added zen mode is great for stress relief and i totally recommend this game to pass the time or help after a long day. plus you chase after llamas so what's better than that? :)
kylexxo : been looking for this game for the longest time! i played it some time ago and sadly had to uninstall because i needed more memory, but now ive got a new phone and i am so glad ive found it again! one of the best games out there, for sure.
1434 5860 : i don't see what everyone is so excited about in this game. this game is just like any other "endless runner" game. it's got the same level of enjoyment as any of them and is almost disappointing with respect to all the great reviews it was given.
d. ruesch : is a beautiful, relaxing, minimalistic game. it's simple and net. perfect game to play in your bed to relax a little before going to sleep. your worries vanish while you go down the mountain for hours on end.
ravivarma raja : felt little repetitive. kinda boring. on the other hand, good and smooth graphics and better gameplay. best dynamic control. tutorial may be little better.
jenna gohn : this game reminds me of tiny wings for ios, but so much better. it is a bit of a battery drain and the night scenes are too dark unless i turn my auto-brightness off (my phone's settings are probably off), but gamewise, amazing.
soumodeep sarkar : this game was never meant for hotshots with raging spirit. it was always a masterpiece created for peace and harmony, not inside a cosy buddha's temple or a quiet meditating room. just right where you are, down the slopes so far, and chasing the llamas, to know who you are
partha sarkar : it is no doubt one of the best game game i have ever come across. love it. especially i love it most when it starts raining with thunderstorm.
maggie cook : this game is so beautifully styled and a unique twist on the linear runner genre. it's an incredible game for people with anxiety (it has a zen mode!). i could go on for hours about everything i love about this game but i'd just recommend you give it a try! it's free so why not? :) thank you noodlecake for making this masterpiece <3
dylan billa : most games, you get far signed in and that hard earned progress is saved for another device. alto fails to do that, only saving a high score and achievements. not happy
ritu raj singh : it is full of adventure and a cool game with best graphics ,though its size is less then any other heavy games ,for me rating is out of
a google user : one of the best immersive game ever. i've loved it's magical music and background sound effects. day and night cycle and weather effects are beautiful. overall it is a smooth endless skating game with level ups, upgrades, 4 characters.etc
em b : couldn't make it through tutorial. guy kept falling into the chasms or just short of the lines, or would crash when i tried to jump.
thedrkstknight : continues to challenge you without making you feel like the next goal is unobtainable. this has been my goto offline game for months. great if you want to play a game for 5 mins or much longer play sessions. it truly rewards you rhe longer you keep at it.
robert crawford : it was so good, that once i completed it. i didn't want to live anymore.
thunder drone : i absolutely love this game, it's so nice to just lay back at night, plug in some headphones and lose yourself in the calming music and gameplay
shivam narinesingh : super chill, beautiful graphics, great music. different characters for different play styles. challenging and fun objectives alongside breaking your distance records.
rory calvin : this game is absolutely fantastic and i've never seen a game that gets art style, music and gameplay so perfect all in one game. truly incredible
pavan j powani 13mse0149 : game play is simple and smooth. and the design is amazing. 4 stars because videos to earn coins don't work for me
joshua rocker : still new in this game..but i give 5 star because i see other people comment that this game is amazing..son i wanna this out
a google user : i first downloaded smash it then i took up this game.... omg this is a best offline game guys. no questions of telling a complaint about it...keep it up
florida beer blog : there is almost no way to figure out how the game works. uninstalled after 5 minutes of trying to play through a poorly-made intro stage. avoid.
piyush pandey : we would love to see a part - 2 of altos adventure from noodlecake studios with some new exciting features and better story mode.
koy sor : it's not the best endless snowboarding runner. it looks great but ski safari adventure time and solipskier are much better.
kevin calaway : took forever to make it over first chasm. made it very boring. lost interest rather quickly.
a google user : for what it is (a mobile game and an endless runner) it is simply perfect. looks great, fun to play. a little overpriced for the iaps i think but considering the quality of the game it doesn't seem too unreasonable. thanks guys.
joe mama : terrible. i open it up, and it says" unfortunately, altos adventure has stopped." worst game ever
richard cockbill : just not fun. poorly introduces game mechanics and forces you to pay to continue, old fashioned arcade game style
gaury shankar pathak : very good nice fabulous heart relaxing game best afford was to be faced before making the game nice sounds also that relax mind heart and soul best.
rudra chakraborty : zen mode is very relaxing... my fav thing to do when i am in too much tension
a google user : there is something about this game that is so calming and soothing. the graphics, gameplay, and music are great. i can't wait until alto's odyssey comes out on android.
james clutterbuck : absolutely love this game, i played so much and hot kinda addicted. good lwvels and characters to unlock. would recommend getting
anirudh jayakumar : the background visual is soo pleasing that i cant even focus on the game. this is just thr best games i've played to date.
anandu babu : i love its bgm its very touching i usually play endless mode for long
lasting voice of piano . the game levels are really good . it is an
antidepressant game .i love it
zub air : it's been a long time since i've played a game that has been well made like this. hats off to you developers.
eric daly : especially when it goes into night mode which you can't control, is impossible to set what's going on.
simon kite : title appears, no sound then hangs on black screen. also locks up my asus tablet and then i have to switch it off.
daisy rose : when i first downloaded the game, i played it for a little over an hour straight. it is very well made, the graphics are great, and the music is beautiful. it is challenging but at the same time fun and suprising. i can't remember the last time i saw a game like this. i recommend it highly.
kld gamer : this game is the stress relief you need your life. especially zen mode. purely amazing and i thank the developers and musicians who composed the soundtrack. amazing game
alex v : doesn't backup with google play games even if it is connected. google play games still has got my achievements but the game doesn't compel after connecting. lost all of my progress. it's a pity because i used to like these game. time to play something else instead i guess.
tomiwa temiloluwa : it's a really nice and awesome game. no bugs, nice music, good gameplay. for all of you that are looking for nice game. download alto's adventure
youssef abdelaal : it's a great game it's fantastic just remove the ads so i can play and rate 5 stars
void : the controls were unable to work properly. just an overall bad setup. may want to rethink this game.
billeigh largent : the screen goes black. i reset my phone. still does not work. most stupid game ever. dont get this app waste of storage. make it better when it actually works i will give it 5 stars
thomas vandervelden : launches and shows title screen, but then goes to a black screen while a little music plays for a couple secs, but then nothing. just a black screen. asus zenpad s 8.0
anshisintrouble :d : the game is breathtakingly beautiful. fun to play with stunning visuals , its worth to download and play. i have this on all devices i own
ajanee smith : i love the art style, you just cant be depprested playing while this game
isl n. : i am still playing this game and never got bored of it,like other game..thanks to the team for giving me this awsome game
daniel puckett : real pretty game, but flagged for far too many dangerous permissions. write to external memory and permissions to account access.
aqil mirza : honestly, the game is really good as well as the graphics. however, when it is dark, it is really hard to see the rocks.
nicholas d : this game has such a calm atmosphere, once you start playing it it's hard to stop and it's actually quite relaxing~
emily bruhn : alto's adventure is a really fun game! with most "how long can i go for" games i tend to get bored of them really fast, but for whatever reason alto keeps my attention. maybe it's the art, or the music? because it has really good art and music and it's also super relaxing. overall, i would highly recommend this game to people.
anthony b. : it looks perfect. whoever made the design should become an animator, i'd watch anything put out that looks like this
b3hr : one of the best indi games i've ever played im shocked beautiful music and a beautiful landscape oh and i cannot forget the characters, cool designs as well as each one of them being more adapt to different situations, 10/10
sannyqua : definitely my favorite game. very few mobile games leave such a big impact on me. for now two and this one takes the cake. the scenery is outstanding, the music is relaxing and beautiful and the mechanics are extremely addictive! good job!
parth shah : the recent update not only brought in crazy amounts of ads, it also destroyed the gameplay with so much lag! for a game that relies on quick reaction to hurdles, a lag will destroy the entire purpose of the game. congratulations, that's what you've done.
brian devillier : it's a nice game with excellent graphics, however, having to watch a video after every run is ridiculous. uninstalled after 3 runs.
h s thakur : i like it because of its scenes and a great background music. best to play. people who want to play 2d games they can download.
brody : really made me angry and i was only on it if 5 minutes. the tutorial didn't explain enough
a google user : there seems to be issue with the game. when travelling through a forest or
during storms the screen graphics flash and become unstable with large
areas of the screen covered by pixelated graphics.
austen yawn : this game had some real relaxing aura to it and it was frustrating.. but i had no problem coming back to it to play it again regardless
david jaime : great game. very enjoyable. absolutely hate in everyway when it brings up
an add right before it thinks that you're going to try to play again after
a game ends, or when it plays 30 second unskippable video ads after a game.
bobb saxena : alto adventure is a great time killer . but it uses a lot battery please fix it for me. then i will give it for star
b r : omg i can't even. i literally can't even make it through tutorial and there is a chasm where my character falls down and the only option is to hit restart and play the tutorial over and over again with all the unhelpful help messages repeating, after i fall in a dozen times and use up my rescues. (limited rescues in a tute?! wut!?) the tutorial is less of an explanation and more of a just do it. it assumes you have experience with a similar game i guess. give me something fun and not hard! so so mad.
wasa wirman : when i installed in my new device, why the data in my old device not sinc in my new device. i already got a 2 new character and now i must start from beginning again? too lazy bro.. i already sinc with my google play anyway and it's still won't sinc. -hope you can solved my problem guys, love the game anyway, thx soo much-
kiimi : graphic,gameplay everything is awesome everything in this game i like it
it's a beautiful well made game and it should be played by lots of people
thanks for such an amazing game.
lowell scott : great art style and fitting music, but becomes impossible to play when the game turns to night; the rocks are way too hard to see with speed and darkness. the ads aren't terribly intrusive, and you don't even need to watch them if you don't want to.
funmilola jempeji : this game is one that you just love so much that you keep coming back to it. it's amazing and the graphics and game control are really good.
jason thompson : love it . everyone comment are true. can someone please help me with removing the ad update the ads just stopped. thank you
sibusile langa : i loved this game. beautiful effects, awesome challenges and an awesome all round cast. only grouch is the time it takes to earn money
plump jaguar : please fix it on my hudl 2 it won't load. i like the look of the game and really want to play it please fix
puranjai chauhan ps051 : there are problems coming just previously as while i am playing the game goes rewind and certain glitches appear. please fix it.
sugar and pie : i looooove this game soooo much and not just me my brother love this game too. whenever you see him he was just playing this game. again i love this game soooooo much.:-)
hannah lindsey : i deleted this app when an ashleymadison ad popped up. this used to be a great app fir any age, but not with ads like that.
joshua samuel : it was a joy to play, the music was just gorgeous. the controls and scenery were simplistic and obviously a great time killer
psyche : my friend recomended this game to me and when i first had a look, i thought it didnt seem as interesting. however, after playing it, i was blown away! this is truly one of the best games by far. i greatly recommend everyone to check it out.
brian ream : i like this game and i want to play it but my eyesight isn't good enough to distinguish objects when it's dark. this is not for people with less than perfect vision.
brian hobson : this game looks like so much fun but just like all other zenfone 2 users it will not show anything further than the logo screen and sometimes a small piece of a starry sky on a dark background after the logo page but nothing more. dev team please help! is this just an intel compatibility issue? please fix if possible. thanks!
giovanny roman : i cannot begin to tell you how much i love this game. the music, the graphics. it's a surreal experience. i hope in the future a platformer just like this one will come out and embark you on a story driven journey. good job guys!
ruegegeeow eebej : the best! the best game i've ever played in my whole life. everything is so amazing, the music, the visuals. i just love every aspect of this game, it also relaxes my senses. the missions are great to, not linear, have all kinds of stuff to do to accomplish. the best!
hansel johannes himawan : oh baby i did triple backflip and the graphics, man great graphics oh baby it's triples
a google user : i hate this game nothing we do without purchasing gems for 200rs. i spend my 200 rs. for only i get 1 chance if you not have money this is waste of data.
praveen chauhan : awsm and outstanding game ever played.. this game is a mind refreshing as it shows how nature is beautiful..the sound of storm , rain , thunders ,lightning, and music is the strength of game as well. sorry for late review as i was busy playing this game
cameron silva : this game just kind of bored me. really attractive art style but the actual play is pretty mediocre in my book.
peter mcewen : great soundtrack beautiful graphics ready controls and gameplay. the whole package definitely. worth the download. can't wait for updates
s n sandeep kumar : i found the environment very very good... ignoring the night view everything else is amazing..... when i close my eyes and hear the music, it makes me feel more magical. loved this game
nimi oladimeji : when i went to o2 i played that game and it seemed interesting. i love this game. to noodlecake studios. download their other game quest
simoni mhatre : i played this game so many times but i'm still not bored it's very addictive
agustin lartigue : one of the best time killers, don't have to pay for anything and you can have everything just play, it has a relaxing and beautifull background. the music is really good and the transition of the day to the night are excelent. i love it.
gerald berthelette : easy to pick up and put down whenever you want. beautiful graphics, and just challenging enough to keep you busy for a while
wayne brian arcelo : beautiful art and soothing ambiance. but, it sometimes fails to respond to my touchscreen. i'm using a lenovo tab 3 essential.
prasad bhosle : i usually don't like 2d games, but this is the best game i've ever come across, especially the music so soothing. great game
utsab roy chowdhury : one of the best games here on store, ambient music, day night realistic transition rain and the scene just smooths the eyes great game loved it
a google user : it's very addicted and when you start to play it your like omgsh so keep up
with this game and throw in more updates
john nelson : i have played this for a year on 3 devices. samsung galaxy note 5, s8 plus, and now note 8. the note 8 is stuttering while playing. not sure if it's the game or the phone. makes me sad because i really enjoy this indie game.
russell is my last name : but one thing i don't like is how it takes forever just to get the wingsuit power up
muhammad nurhaikal : very well designed app. can tell that the devs pain attention to details but the gameplay itself gets repitive fast.
aleksandar cirkovic : this game is ok, but need to work on comands, and you can't see rocks because is same color like trees...
steve day : alto is my favorite video game of all time. i hope they come out with a sequel. because ever since i finished this game, i can't find another one like it!
timlovescyn s : very fun and relaxing. controls, music, and graphics are very good. can get
a bit boring after after a while, it would be cool to have different maps
or something to add some variety.
joshua dejano : the cliffs are too difficult to jump, specially when you're not in boost, which is impossible on this game. i hope they put a boost thing to click. also, it gets very boring afterwards.
angry demon666 : there are some problems with this game something's don't work at all so i'm gonna haved too unistall this game because i need you too fix this game there are about 4 thing's on this game that don't work at all
prabhakar rao jillelamudi : really great game. this game will not impress you when you see the screenshot s given. after downloading,it will impress you definitely. particularly the music ,that was great. even zen mode is a nice concept. finally great game developer's. keep it up.
hailey gallatin : i love this game! i find myself playing it whenever i have spare time. it's simple and easy but has a challenging aspect. and i couldn't say enough about the art style! overall 4-5 star game. just needs more content - updates please! :)
the alcast : simple, but super addicting, great way too kill some time at the bus stop and of course beautiful graphics and calming background music.
justllama : this is no doubt, one of the most beautiful games available on mobile. the
sound effects and music bring peaceful vibes. the graphics aswell as
artstyle is stunning! i'd rate this game a 10/10.
marie ogun : great game. loved every second but lost my data after unlocking almost all characters and upgrades. my fault but wish i could retrieve all my hard work. dishearted by the idea of starting again i will uninstall
muhammad umair : aesthetically pleasing.. both graphically and musically. it might get a bit repetitive for some but that's the problem with every game of this genre. all in all, a very well made game.
rabie khali : thus game is one of my all time favourites. if the developers keep updating it with new maps and new levels, its gonna be the best game ever
ivan ivanov : the dark background (night) 90% percent of the runs, ruined my experience. don't like to crash all the time because the rock is dark and not visible during nights.
a google user : great game, gorgeous graphics (love the alpacas lol) easy yet challenging game to play while relaxing or just to kill time, well implemented ads to gain in game currency, not to intrusive. love it! hope more free games do this too.
sharad mishra : can't see rock on the way when i'm in full speed. need to add some more features like highfly etc. otherwise game is ok. 3 stars by me.
ss s : at first i wasn't interested in it but after i played it for some days i
suddenly fall in love with it.i love this game very much .very good
graphical environment. it really touches my heart
clint bravo : since ive seen this on youtube as the best game,ive started searching for this in internet and other sources. and now ive finally i found it best ever game.
liv v : the scenery relaxes me and makes me feel happy. i could recomend this game a thousand times. the story is great and i love the characters!
hersh nips : to all of you who hate the add, just play without mobile data or wifi on. that being said, i love this game. it's one of the best on simplicity, fun, and controls. hope the devs make a sequel or a similar game.
derek hampton : terrible. boring and repetitive. the upgrades serve little value so you don't feel like you progress at all. you don't get a sense of speed from the game and it feels sluggish. i much prefer a game like ski safari 2. maybe your preference is different.
joshua bartman : one of my all time favorites, my only complaint is there's no cloud save. i maxed out my game but couldn't transfer any of it to the new phone. taking a break for a while before trying it all again.
a google user : best game ever. my brother played this game for hours and he liked the zen mode. he likes the theme song of zen mode and he was crying. if you make some more stunts and power ups it'll be better. thanks
prajwal gowda : please enable more slow motion jumps on zen mode and less the deep forest and please keep adding new background music. otherwise loved the game.
a google user : this game has amazing graphics and beautiful scenery. it also has night and day time plus weather effects. it's a beautiful game but i gave it 4 stars because the gameplay does get full after awhile.
savan jayachandran : this game before costs money and i only played this on ios in a apple store but now it's free on all devices. but i still didn't understand why it costs money before
shubham shree : this game puts a lot of strain on eyes while playing in the night mode and noticing rocks become way to hard.
aaron michelson : visually its quite beautiful... at first... but once the first impression wears off you're left with a slower, clunkier, humorless ripoff of ski safari. uninstall.
heath coulson : everything about the game is awesome. passer for shore and it's the best game ever like the other people said so much detail i loved it so much.
christian taylor : if u like nonstop running games you'll like this one the only thing i dont like is the man who chases u u can't shake em everything else is cool and original.
ozzie santiago : yes it looks good and graphics are smooth as butter, but the game itself is nothing spectacular. it's pretty boring imo.
yahya khan : a very simple game, yet it has many little tricks that keep you interested. the only thing i wish it had was the option to choose the time of day, because the night mode is really beautiful.
yello : this is one of the best games ive played on mobile. its got good graphics, and controls beyond cool. best indie game ive ever played
a google user : this game is so good and calming that it is worth at least two bucks, but
it's free, so you should download it cuz its gr8
mowly durisamy : i is on my micromax tab but not in my android phone so plese make it to work on my andi mobile because it is my favor game
teddy the espurr : colorful, well-shaded background, ever-changing scenery, day-night shifts and soft relaxing sfx, this game shouts "quality!" at the top of it's lungs, truly a product of love and care. but sadly, i got bored of it too quickly. there's not really much to do tbh. i'm dissapointed, i really want to love this game more.
neshoba lagomarsino : i don't play a lot of games and typically don't get attached to them. but i am emotionally attached to this game. good job
shreram : fed up playing such game... it is very similar to ski safari but ski safari is much better than this game
m w : i would give it 0 stars. it crashes every time i open it. was not able to access the game at all. :(
hrithik jha : this game's art style is breath taking. one of the games which are free, but do not spam the user and force them for in-app purchases. thoroughly impressed, keep up the good work. #muchlike
soham vardam : this game is good but after sometime you may get bored still this game is good to play if you are bored.
gagan singh : i have played quite a games but this is best one yet. never got bored . relaxing music . i would like to live alto life
a google user : i find it a fantastic with little to complain about. there are some problems on older phones (s3), well at least i think its that maybe its just some bugs. eg. it doesn't respond when i touch the screen sometimes.
jazzy jazz : the worst game i've played in a while. i really suggest no one play this game ever.
sabko : its fun, simplistic, calming and beautiful. my favourite is felipe cos its
so much fun playing as him and when he has the wingsuit hes so cute. thank
you noodlecake studio for this incredible game
rosalina deepa : it always stops after downloading 97/100.i tried 3times still the same problem. i am using samsung duos android version 4.2.2.please help
nikola ilic : this game is awesome. i instaled it cuz i was bored and this was the first
thing that caught my eye. i love everything about this game,the graphics
are awesome and i like the zen mode you made,the music and sound are
cool,amazing and relaxing.
shivanshu sharma : i love if someone in this industry tries to make something different, even though its not that big, it's unique, not some cheap ripoff
ethan darling : very little actual interaction and controls. basically just occasionally tap the screen and let your character automatically land. only tricks you can do are back flips and grinding.
rosie araujo : this game is so fun and funny because the lama get happy, angry, dancing, flying
c jennings : i would much rather just buy the game than have to deal with lame ads and in-app purchases. uninstalled.
shaik zuhaib : every time i need to start from beginning of the game. i couldn't save all my played data.
lance beier : a great time pleaser. the graphics and game play take this a dreamy and overall great experience. its a little laggy at times but i just beleive it's my phone.
danny teok : loved this game until their august 2017 update where it now requires you to sit through adverts. intrusive but it's previous version ad viewing was more favorable and non-intrusive, and choice was given to player if wanted to continue.
matthew creveling : jump mechanics seem broken - if you tap the screen right before the lip of a jump it doesn't work. many environments have terrible lighting where you can't even see the obstacles and you just crash.
atharva p : the game is simple and its beauty can not be explained, relaxing. do keep updating, it is worth 5 stars yet there is always room for improvement, i would like to see a more complex game from you with a similar feel.
jesse miller : aircorn some pink puppues. does thus a peek intwo my interpkanetsry. eric day egan tomorrow und i vill be therr. day it now fool..
phil freeman : it seems like a fun game, but about half the time if you hit tap it didn't jump. but then you're able to tap to restart.
a google user : the feather sometimes doesn't work. also the game is bugging out way too
much lately.
cleos lites : just saying there was a question "was this game intense" and im like yes
overall this is just an aming fun game 5 stars 10/10 would play again lol
dimitar anastasov : beautiful game but a lot to be desired from gameplay and storyline. in short just another subway surfers minions rush jetpack joyride temple rush vector and a milion more etc.
raymond anderson : it's really good, the visuals the sound effects the gameplay, it feels very good, i usually play this game in order to calm down from stress of life but overall this is a must have
hussein kenawey : really enjoyable game with great graphics. actually i didnt undrstand the controls when i started the game but dont worry bec.its easy to learn the controls of the game. guys i really recommand this game
dan ki : on free version, i was able to choose whether to revive with some coins after each crash, but once purchased that option is gone, and i have to "end run". and the "skip" option to level up for each mission is appearing so randomly, i don't know how to activate that when i need to. can you fix these issues? thank you.
irakhad : i did not actually play it, but i think that it has a similar thing like ski safari and i take a tiny offince to that.
tim massing : the game is a solid infinite runner the graphics are surprisingly nice. and the gameplay is really fluid. the only thing that i didn't care for was no control of the day/night cycle. which would effect visibility and make it hard to play.
me h : great art. the atmosphere is great, the gameplay is rewarding, the ads are designed to not be annoying. lovely.
f : such a beautifully simple game, and i use simple in the best way possible. i love how the scenery changes from night to day to the sun setting or rising. i also love how the weather changes and the colours where chosen very well. such a great game
sankar mukherjee : great game keep on focusing in the game it's good,simple,realxing. like the game. when we are tired we can play this game to entertain ourselfe. it's a really good game,keep it up. i also like your another game which is alto's odessy..its fantastic
a google user : this game is soo much fun to play. i start to panic though when the man
comes out of the tent and starts chasing me. it only makes you want to ski
faster and grind rails.
clash with mo : i love this game i'm addicted to it it's even more fun when u turn music off and play your own music on and line up the background music to your flips
scott vann : and it buffed out, never respawned. got bored of not knowing how to gather speed.
prashant bansode : a unique game! i never get bored playing this one. i just love how the scenery in the background moves when the gane progresses ahead. with love 5/5 in all aspects
james gurr : cool, laid back, fun game until level 13 at which point the tap function became unpredictable...uninstalled.
rin collyer : my graphics are jammed. the colours of the trees and rocks are a bright green. i don't know why as my phone has octacore and is ideal for gaming. otherwise, fun game.
mr. bear : first, it said i had "innfluient" storage when it was 43 mb as i had a whole gb in store, then when it finally installed it kept on shutting down and i never got to play it. i'm not giving it a one since i think i'm the only one suffering this.
adrian padmodihardjo : the only merit is the good graphic and relaxing music. gameplay-wise is meh. ski safari does a much better job.
nicholas devan : was 5 stars but dropped the rating after the last update. can no longer buy helmets. also, a lot more rocks. i'm only getting about one this the distance i was getting before the update because of the increase in obstacles. very frustrating.
brian curtis : beautiful, almost hypnotic. challenging gameplay, but with goals that are well paced and give a sense of progress, which is difficult to do in this kind of game.
dash cg : a beautiful and relaxing game. the challenges can be difficult, but it only adds to the fun of this app.
shekar reddy : this app is good if there is a way to increase speed. i tried my ass out to cross first level. i am shocked to see all these positive reviews..
swaroop chauhan : wasted my mbs. even it does not give a second chance after falling from chasm. don't download this game this is a waste of mbs. it is boring.
a google user : the touch control feels less snappy. the palette is too gloomy and emo. music is fine, nothing special over ski safari. the only plus is that this game is free to download.
sonny richards : good game, but like most developers they never update. that makes it grow old.
kaustubh patange : i love this game very much. the music is very silent and awesome it relaxes my mind in my stress. thank you for such awesome and good game
a google user : best game ever,zen mode is so good keep doing more stuff like this and controls are awsome superb no words to describe
a google user : amazing i loved the game and it's little characters and quirks. thumbs up for you developers and good luck with your next game. if you are making one.
esther : this game has really good graphics and the controls are nice and easy to use. i recommend this to everyone who wants to download a great app.
brett stone : game itself was ok and even enjoyable, however i cannot tolerate required video ads that can't be skipped. uninstalled immediately.
saikat dey : a tiny game that makes my days. it.s a few months now and the music and the graphic effects still excites me! great psychologic effect.
connie lockwood : you just sometimes have to click in order to jump over obstacles. it's design is nice, though
satria christian : maybe simple.. but thats what ppl search for android game. this game is great and recomended to download this game.
flyyy guy : i have a galaxy s6 and the pause menu is out of proportion to my screen. the menu is larger than the actual size of my screen, making me unable to access everything in the paused menu
slow_knox : this game is really cool cuz like how you have the person chasing after you and i've really loved it i like the graphics and it's just awesome game but the only thing about it is the night-time mode because when the nighttime moon comes on you can't really like see the rocks so you always die.
maks walker : pls take out the night cause its dark and u can't see. i like the charaters
the simple quests and i also like the smooth controls and easy gameplay
sam uel : i thought this was like ski safari too, but i found out this is far more interesting that ski safari
ali falaq : this game is amazing but the icon of this app makes no sense that looks like some kind of a kangaroo's jumping
ana saez : best game ever, i got really addicted. damn i wish i created the game
manas bommala : irritates at first, but once you get to know how to play, you will love this game.
lord william walls : to boring for words, why waste your precious seconds on earth chasing llamas down a hill. i'd rather watch the grass grow
sentessa : it is very relaxing, but still exciting. if you get frustrated there is a special level to play just to practice and calm down with. the music is really nice and the graphics are fun.
gil howard-browne : can't even jump over the chasm in lvl 1. the warning sign keeps stopping me and slowing my speed. after 10 tries i uninstalled.
jagbir singh : alto doesn't has any other skill rather than back flip. i thought there might be more but they weren't there. this game is capable of 1 star only
bee : very cool(pun intended) and one of if not my favorite game to play! would
definitely recommend getting it if you want a good offline experience.
p. a. : this game is phenomenally beautiful and relaxing especially zen mode. if u
want a relaxing time to get ur eyes and head cool down play zen mode of
this game. and u r in heaven. this game is not for making points and
earning stuff its about relaxing in continuous changing sceneries.
noah koppenhaver : thought the game looked good, so i got it. but for the life of me, i can't get past the tutorial! the part when you have to jump over the chasm has me befuddled. i can't get past the jump no matter how fast i can get myself. please help as the game looks awesome and i can't quit the tutorial.
cameron dafack : this game isn't bad but it keep crashing when i try to watch the add and every other time i died so it's harder to get money in game
jakob g : the graphics, gameplay, and pretty much everything in this game is magnificent. some of the challenges are extremely simple while others are nearly impossible, and it is nice to have those two in juxtaposition.
tayyab ahmed : a great gameplay very nice graphics including different weather surroundings, which overall makes the game pretty awesome.
jef com : every thing about this game is amazing the scenery,graphics and last but not least the music, i rate this game 5 stars and you should definitely get it :)
bryan soong : great graphics, soothing music, relaxing gameplay, no bloody pop-up ads, watch 30 sec ads and get 500 dollars(no limits), unique concept, very worth giving a try
e h : tried it for about 5 minutes but the graphics were too dark and the jumping mechanics didn't make sense to me. just not for me, i guess.
arpita sweetie : character is not visible properly as it is very small and game is also not interesting. ski safari 2 is similar and much more better and addicting.
michael soufir : this games takes you to a whole different world . such amazing this game is i hope u all download it
faizan shahid : we have to do nothing just wait for the tab. we even cant control the board movement. when you press a lill longer you die because it started its flip.
ameer humza : by far the most amazing endless ski running game with amazing graphics and story and thnks for the update i was mad at first but i knew that u guys will fix the black screen.
full metal horseman : can get a little boring at times but overall it's excellent art style and game play make this experience feel fresh. until you have done the same thing over and over with no luck and you quit.
michael seifarth : i had fun with that game for a while. it has a very nice feel to it and the graphics are just marvelous. unfortunately reoccurring bugs were pretty annoying and kept me from completing several of the missions.
a google user : altos adventure is a horrible horrible game it sucks there's no ever update to give me viruses this game is one big virus my phone systems don't work anymore minecraft doesn't work roblox doesn't work minecraft doesn't work roblox doesn't work so many viruses that cause minecraft and roblox not to work i hate this game viruses it's always watching you it's always just too looking at what you're doing is watching you
penny hays : can't play because if you can't figure out what to do, there is no help. game over.
jivesh saini : one of the best mobile games i have ever played. the background is beautiful,the graphics are simple yet amazing and the game runs real smooth
gaby moocarme : graphics are amazing. the other part of the game is very soothing as well. music is great. i laughed when i unlocked the llamma
a google user : the mechanics are st unrealistic, and i was just thinking, come onnnnnnnnn, flip already. waste of time
brian garay : really beautiful, fun and fluid. gives a journey kind of vibe. only complaint is that it doesn't work on my phone, just my tablet. i keep getting invalid file package :(
sanjeev singh : this game is soo boring i don't know how it has such a high rating and how it is there on the editor's choice. i tried to like it but there is nothing to appreciate. this game is actually the most overrated one i have ever come across
kurt hectic : the developers try to convince you the game is hard, but its gameplay is just poorly made. better play granny smith. same game 20 times better.
hurshel coleson : one of the best u just need to watch out for rocks but get it u will love it so if u don't like then you are weird
a google user : i just madly love this game . such a stunning game .i can't think of any other game than this .
pritesh kumar : simple game. loving graphics. the sweet background music, sutle transitions between day and night, everything is extremely lovable. a must play game
helmus : if you could make a game with this kind of jumping action saving the city from monsters, you know.. like a superhero game or something that will be great :)
sarita srivastava : before playing the game i here the music for some time , it's just awesome and the gameplay is even better. try for something huge this time.
abhijeet singh : only one soundtrack that plays over and over. operating the wingsuit is confusing and the game asks for too many coins to skip difficult tasks at higher levels. no clear description of tricks.
christian chavez : i downloaded this game when it only had 100 downloads. this game is by far the most coolest and gorgeous game i've ever played.
manindra kr singh : this is really beautiful with relaxing music atmosphere .but if adds r remove i will give 5
joseph goodwin : the game has an ok theme, but some of the goals are almost impossible to complete. plus the elders are on lamas and they do not move as fast as the game makes them
james mason : i cannot describe the beauty and simplicity of this game. it gives you a
feeling of nostalgia, peace, and adventure. it is perfect and amazing.
bikram singh : daytime graphics are okay but in the darkness one can not distinguish between obstacles and other graphics. concept is good but graphics are not good.
kekhrie yiese : probably the best game for android till now. haven't come across any that comes close to this game. devs, i tip my hat to you... awesome job
kristaps diura : i finished it and absolutely loved it, such a nice atmosphere and the characters are very fun and balanced.
alexey volkov : even though it's gameplay is simple, it never annoys. and nice minimalistic graphics only help.
amit choudhary : one of the best games on mobile i've ever played. extremely relaxing music & equally fantastic graphics. thanks to the developers of this game for providing such an amazing gaming experience. thank you.
connie henderson : it's too hard and i was only on level 5 until i deleted the app so just make it easier for people like me
rufas : 10/10 would play it again, completed all the achievements relaxing on zen now. also have to give it to the devs for the gameplay and the soundtrack.
priya katke : first ever review: you'll be glad you installed it. from the moment you
start, the graphics, the music will put you in a trance. the gameplay is
the best
gamingotg : super fun, super casual yet challenging. great, simple graphics and the music and sound is very soothing. check out my gameplay on youtube at gamingotg.
fated wolf : i had deleted the game and after a while i downloaded the game once again but saw that i has lost all of my progress so please fix that.
brandon wolfeld : pretty much just a time suck: addictive for the sake of being addictive. it's basically a simplified version of temple run.
nic miller : i'd love to play this but even though i have tons of space on sd and internal drives, it will not allow me to install. oh well
rachel barnet : it worked great at first, then the jump control wouldn't respond. since jumping is the whole point of the game, i uninstalled it.
benjamin mugabi : it's a very very intriguing game. thank you guys for coming up with such a
wonderful game. i love the weather changes too.
star warts nun : this is my favourite game ever. really smooth gamepaly and good graphics. i reckon they should do an alto's adventure 2 it would do so well
carole furedi : this is is a realy cool game i love it you can even do flips so awesome and
amazinglooooove iiiit
katelyn lucas : it's a great game but the use of videos to move forward in the game easily is kinda ridiculous
rahul singhrathore : i don't like it. i just love this game . all credit goes to the creatore who made this type of game for us . thank you very much.
kash andrews : very beautiful game visually and plays fantastically. it is very relaxing to play. however, relaxing is boring after a while and progressing is painfully slow.
chamal randika : i love the dynamic weather,ui,and play style.one more request please add something more to do like a villian like yeti in addition to catching deers
heidi boma : its fun its got high frame rate doesnt lag, doesnt need internet. you can jump over huge gaps...or into them lol.
jennifer risty : awsome and fun to play yet i have played a wqy where there's infinite live and it was wierd but its fun
jiaane odian : this game is sooo gorgeous. from the graphics to the music it is such an impressive game. i absolutely love it! the picture saving however is a little annoying to say the least, but altogether a great game.
keith frey : this is a very fun and relaxing game, however on the note 7, it is very jumpy and inconsistent.
rinn : oh my, this is my first time playing such a beautiful game. thanks to someone who created this game. thank you for the journey, adventure, experience.
brendezzyy : i really like how the game is parlour,while still having missions and able to get new fear like jetpack joyride.also how the game changes different color for time periods of the winter in moutains.
isaiah wilkinson : the game has a few bugs here and there, such as the elder you can play as and the llama you can play as going too fast for you to pick up power ups. another is some of the random generating. i had a couple incidents where i didn't have the slightest chance to build up speed before there was a cliff too big for me to cross. other than that, the game runs real smooth and is honestly fun to play. the challenges managed to keep me occupied for a while, too. i've got just one question, though; why is it raining?
river blackwood : too hard, wont let me land backflips, dont waste your time on this awful game
dylan clark : why on a kids game do you have horror movie for a sponsor ads? going to gave to delete next time i see it. the game is awesome but you can't have adult sponsor ads.
michael just : fun game but ads chew through your data. cost me 400 mb playing the first week, about 30 minutes a day.
dibbendu koley : in google play games i can see my achievements and scores but the game didn't updated my score. this all happened when i reinstalled the game. please help me
vratin shah : the game is easy to play and pass some time. but, after a while it gets tiresome.
alex lupinski : this game is so fun i play it alot and have all characters. i wish there was more and that's my only complaint
jolo : on ios u have to pay but on android u don't have to that's awesome
yasin wahid : it's awesome and mood making game. short simple game but interesting to play. that a person can't stop playing
a google user : i love this game so much so relaxing and i am going to be here for more information on the phone. the only thing that you can also be used to be a good time to time. i have a think
poblo : really enjoying the game. one thing you should add is customization options for the character and the snowboard... maybe idk i thought it was going to be a great idea.
wing ding gaster : game freeze's no mater what i do borrow my dads iphone 7plus controls don't work and i just wtcj it die i would rate. +9 if i could
neal mathers : such a lovely game. the graphics and even the music is such a treat after a hectic day. good job
justin tjioe : this is more than good it's a good game i mean't great i'm ju a 11 year old im still school and this me s not to viloent so i an properly study
a google user : i think the game is very relaxing and really helps with stress... alto's
adventure is one adventure worth going on.
revelia : it's very simple gameplay, beautiful graphics and missions that keep you going. i'd recommend anyone to give it a try.
piyush eklavya : good designs, but the game over time turns out to be monotonous. not too much of excitement. you could intro multiplayer race option....whatever is good to remove the mono....
jade theperson : i saw this on the unity gallery a while ago when it was only for iso going to give it a try hopefully its good (will update if i was wrong)
randy : why there must be a animation to start the game!? that is one of the main problems why people like me can't start the game. fix the game, it doesn't start up, only black screen.
nathan rees : upon opening the app, it crashed every single time so i never actually got to play the game
smarak anurag : u will fell very good at first but then u may feel board . fadu graphic
evan jones : its addicting to an extent and sometimes boring, but overall it is a good game.
natsuhi : zen mode made me cried a little. been so stressful lately and the music truly healed me.
ryan flores : if you're hesitant to download this game, don't be. this is just a beautiful game without a doubt.
lame ansari : well it's a great game for calming our mind it has beautiful sounds that are well matched with the gameplay, so i recommend this game to all of my friends
p j : no word to describe this game. icant say anything its just so so... i really cant say anything. super thumbs up for you noodlecake inc.
a google user : great, relaxing game with fantastic music as well. i even have the alto playlist saved on my spotify. very well done game to shut off your brain<3
correna kramer : the game is pretty good but i just don't understand the lamas. but other than that it is good 3 stars
angie chavez : i am in love with this game so much its the best mostly cause i love llamas but its fun cause i get to do tricks
kernel kern : very soothing the graphics and soundtrack are the best you wont get
tired of it. simply beautiful i'd play it everytime
sayyam jain : no annoying ads.great minimalistic scenery chase game.keep it up.
ayushh : it is such a nice and peaceful game. the background music is very soothing
to our mind and rests our soul more and more we play. but after so many
years of playing, i would suggest to add more characters in it. the
graphics are awesome. and to the people who are reading this i would
suggest to try this game. trust me you will not regret it.
lal singh jarrah : the thing about this game is its simple and the best.n u never get bored
konstancja mp : i dont undeerstand this game.im not able to jump well and theres no explanation how to do it.i uninstalled after few minutes.waist
aimee collins : played this game and completed it over so long kept me so entertained and it does get challenging. definitely would recommend anyone giving this a go. great quality game. and if you need to get help the option of watching advertising that isn't just forced down your neck is great. fantastic game
jaym : so a beautiful well made game. the people who made this obviously put alot of time and effort into and it has paid off
teresa owl : well i started the game and played waked up today to play to see i can't jump i don't understand why but please fix it your game is awesome
kamalu soares : this game helps u through hard times..it is very soothing.
chundu ps : good game.makes us stress free and totally a good game but missions or objectives standard should be increased.the game is similar to sky safari but i think this is better and add features like changing clothes ,snowboard and add new vehicles other than board and decrease the number of coins for continuing the run.so please make these changes so the game would be a better one.
a google user : i played it on my cousins phone it it was awesome so i'm downloading it on
my tablet so that i can play whenever i want. it is a very good game. the
graphics are beautiful especially when it's sunrise and sunset the
background is super good.
beyblade master : i'm a person who loves the looks of games, this game is just astonishing to the eye, i saw this game when i was in an o2 phone store and they had it downloaded on an i pad so i came home and installed it,
vit bacovsky : i start the app and the game crash in a few seconds. please fix this bug the game is fantastic and i want to play it xiaomi mi2s
purpinkn h : i like the part where it's nighttime and you can't see anything and you hit a rock and die. that's the fun part.
mark johnson : i get the tittle screen then it goes black like it is then going to start but nothing happens. no sound or picture of any kind. waited 5 minutes with nothing. had to press home button to exit. nook hd+
bethany riddell : it's a snowboarding game. the only good comment i can make about this game is the graphics are alright. other than that it's nothing special,controls are awful and makes the game unplayable.
ying sea : this game is so sick! the graphics are so pretty and zen mode, that was a
really great idea! the music was so cool too. you guys should add a few
more. the second awesome game i've ever played. you guys deserve an award
for this game! great work!
jason quijano : pretty much all i can say. i downloaded it to try and help me calm down. made it worse.
anter : the graphics and music are great. there isn't much innovation in the gameplay part (i'm not saying it isn't great, cause it is), but it's just a phone game, in phone-game-scale, it deserves the 5 stars. money is balanced and you're never forced to watch ads.
alice williams-root : this doesn't seem like adventure game- i want puzzles and exploration, not
jumping and skiing
dhananjaya dash : i jst love ech nd evrythng of this game gd grphcs gd cntrl . i jst love this game , gud gam though 2 pass the time..
saurabh barai : its not better than ski safari.. not so good graphics.. please play ski safai rather than this. my personal experience
kaushik dubey : love the game and just one suggestion for devs, you guys should add some more tricks to perform. it will make the game even cooler. and one more thing the sound is amazing great job.
devin - : this game offers nothing new to the genre, it just has a kind of pretty art style.
a google user : the game looks and plays really well, you can tell they put a lot of thought into the design and controls. however just like most games of this type it gets repetitive quite quickly.
angela marian : great game to play, my daughter got me into it. sometimes i play it 24/7 is a really addicting game. i really wish that they could put on 2 player game on it
logan lynn : this game is a fun game its addictive you dont have to use data :-) and the landscape is beautiful
kartikey sharma : i bow down to the dev. should have been a premium app
abhijay reddy : good game but we may get bored after some time. so to avoid that we need to make the game more faster
danieru perezu : i like this game in a way how it helps u waste time when you have nothing to do, good and simple graphics.
mohamed moues : my all time favorite game with great graphics and relaxing music also the zen mode is so helpful can't wait for the second version, i wish it had multiplayer support.
meingandai kamei : the best side scroller there is. i like the weather effects and how the
days and night cycles. really a great game and one of a kind
a google user : if skysafari wasn't updated last year, i would have said this is the best. but i still enjoy skysafari better
frank oamakri : super boring and repetitive as many other games where you have to run or drive. didn't like it at all.
michel chadrou : this is the exact replica of ski safari. you guys are uncreative. the game sucks anyway.
melvin antonius : i said if this games is very exciting..i can fill my idle time to play this game
matthew luchs : i really like this game, and it could get five stars if the rocks and other obstacles were not invisible.
qutbuddin pardawala : the game is simple to understand , easy to grasp and fun even when played over and over again. the missions keep getting tougher making one work harder for higher scores. the simplicity and graphics make the game a clear winner. a minor observation i made was that of the changing time of day with play which is beautifully executed.
steven dover : this is just a time killer app. positives are nice graphics and no ads..
l or a w : the graphics are so good, its beautiful, the mountains and sunset kept distracting me but, it was worth it
abhay deep : gui took my heart, it's really an impressive game. i play a level a time to take a break from studies.
a google user : i'm thankful to the makers of this game it is probably the best ive ever seen. i loved it. it gave me the best mood i feel. on the last period of the regular busy day i play this game to make my mood its on the top rank of my choice
ejay joe : they need to do a save thing like coc because if you uninstall it you can't redeem your other account
brian kihi : collect lamas try go as fast as you can and don't let the knight catch you
sajeedul haque : this here is a peice of art that not many people can understand because they only want to play. so noodlestick keep it up. :)
oyasumari : this game is the definitive example of "easy to pick up, hard to put down." i highly recommend it for anyone who wants a good challenge that can be picked up quickly.
a google user : overall it's ok. adverts are too intrusive. would be nice to continue where you left off instead of restarting it. uninstalling
katie c : i haven't got enough space in my storage to get it but i know this is a truly gorgeous and entertaining game with fabulous graphics because i often play it on my friend's phone and i love it!
edward kenway : the game crashes on asus zenfone 5 ..i've tried installing it for the 3rd tym but still same result...please fix this soon
zombie defiant : this game is cooler than sky safari. i don't know why, but this game is addicting me. love it
appu r nath : the scenes and background music /theme everything gives me a freshness to my weak mind. thanks
a google user : this game is so fun and asdicting, though i do think it could be just a little bit easier.
jarrad hannah : this game is beautiful and simple. perfect for killing time on break or before bed.
debiprasada prusty : this game is epic. i love the minimalistic design. one problem is the character size. it is way too small for a smartphone.
fabian bergfelder : well the "astonishing graphics" don't make up for a boring game play. plus stupid standard tutorial sequence (unskippable, one-time-only) equals dislike
kaleb brown : the game is really fun and calms me down when i feel angry. thumbs up from
me
daniel jones : one of the few games i have been very impressed with. game play is simple to learn but maintains its challenge as the game progresses. i highly recommended giving it a try.
soham tripathy : it's good but i got bored in that level three mission in which you need to pick a magnet and i did that and those other two but it didn't take it other wise everything is fine
nitesh wani : i like this game. graphics are good . but some time it sucks. it crashed many times while playing.
vishnu narayan : i never experienced anything like this sooo awesome gotta check this out...
kyousuke kasama : whenever i try to play, it completely turns black and stays there. please fix and i will rate better
joshua crow : love it! but, needs to be updated with new content, un-installed cause i got pretty far & pretty bored. everything about the game is great, don't get me wrong. great distraction & time passer for adults & kids.
brian statom : you rarely come across a game like this on the google play store. the goals give you the sense of accomplishment and the art style make you feel calm and welcomed.
umar alfarouk : brilliant and wonderful. it's kind of shame that many "survival games" have become too mainstream, but i hope most people are still able to find the uniqueness of this game.
anjali sheoran : this game is soo fantastic that i can't tell above through imagination and amazing graphics.
aadhar gupta : thanks for fixing the issue . the game is pure fun and has the best environment with great simplicity . i love the music , love the environment and love the game .
bhumidar das : the spectacular scenery has make me a peaceful boy and have inspired me . and i also keep taking screenshots of the scenery . please please please keep making games like this with beautiful sceneries.
pravir kumar halder : it's really a amazing game. i will advise every game lover to install this game app. while playing this game i had a great experience. thank you!
brandon : it was fun and i enjoyed it. also enjoyed how it was beautifully created. although they did mess up on the pic on the app big time. apparently you can ski backwards somehow? never found that out so pretty sure they screwed up.
dr eagle : great game but the picture needs to be turned around because of the way you flip in in game.
a google user : it's a good time waster. i used to play it and i made myself a challenge to never skip a mission. after a while i got bored and uninstalled it. still fun though.
jordie cairns : very unresponsive, quite difficult to see what your doing aswell things
blend into one another with it only being a few dark colours
a google user : first when i don't know that this type game's are also available in the
world but when i see this then i will know that . this game is being better
than all games i don't know for all but for me.t the editor of this game is
very good editor . i love this game ever
david huffman : it's a really fun game, pretty hard to run away from the villager but the rest is awesome
kennethtjy : hope they add a feature where the money you earn in game can buy maps. more power ups would be perfect.
mark kresevic : if your ever looking to do sonthing in your free time this is the game. the graphics are just amazing and i recommend this game to all my friends. i have yet to find a better game that does not take up date and i can play anywhere i want. saves data so you can pick up from where you left off 10/10
komal kothari : great game very addicting. you can never get board of it. new missions. the
the only thing is you can not get new missions unless u do those three
missions.
orginak gangster : i've had this game before but then suddenly it says that the package is invalid what ever that means. please fix.
bharathkumar karthikeyan : thanks for giving such a wonderful game which killed my time totally and i really love that background music in zen mode. honestly to say this is the only game that made me to write a review. thanks. i want more games from your team. if you see this, really thanks.
geneva lillis : i love the game but i will frequently pass through coins and power ups frequently. especially when i'm going fast. also, sometimes when i'm close to crashing, the game will glitch out but then i'll just continue going down the hill...
david hill : great feel. cut the music on! i loved spending hours playing this. feels great and the challenges were just hard enough that i felt like i was accomplishing something real
a google user : please add the pickaxe and the helmet in the game please and it would be great for us android users and it's kind of selfish for android because ios users have them and it's easy for them to level up faster so please add them but anyway this game is great it's also one of my favourite mobile game and one of the best apps in play store and app store
richard morcos : it's amazing gameplay i love the lights but you need to retire from creating games so you suck
rylee : i like this game a lot u will be addictive while playing me my self i am
playing it for hours
jason varnell : beautiful game with great potential for hours of fun. too bad it is impossible to jump the very first chasm in the tutorial level, and there are no clear instructions included on how to get past it. disappointing. uninstalled.
toluleke ilori : i really love this game. really addicted to it. it would really be nive if they all had a special ability even without the wingsuit
jojo philip : i love it because i played this game on my dad's phone but dozen work on my i -phone 6 plus.
ibrahim zaki : it's annoying that people say it's good, i can't even play the game! always got blackscreen on startup and the song then it just stay like that. tried reinstalling, still doesn't work.
amol shenoy : not sure how to turn off the suggestions..which slow down the game play and annoying at the same time.
karl gomez : ye iys my 1st time really love it although there were some features that i didnt like but great job. maybe the best is yet to come
grahdens darvenshel : quite a beautiful game. even falls can end up with me sitting on a mountain with a sunset. this game was made with love in all ways.
justin doubleu : tried downloading on my lenovo yoga tablet 2. the stupid thing won't open, or start. it freezes my screen making me have to restart. works great on my apple products, not so much on android!!!!! so to owners of lenovo products, this game is freaking maddening!
michael knights : well it open but then i got a black screen after the first splash image and that about it nothing else ..my phone is asus zenfone 5
csilla nagy : accidentally stumbled upon this game. no regrets. zen mode is so relaxing and it helps pass a lot of time
zydrick delima : you might get bored after getting everything, but beating your friend's score is so worth the wait and grind
a google user : i love this game graphically and gameplay wise. sometimes the objectives
can get a bit tedious, but that's just the nature of a procedurally
generated game. overall an easy 11/10
full moon beaver : jumping was so unresponsive, and made for a poor experience. if this was fixed then i would rate higher.
nugget god : it's awesome and it helps my brother cam down he has anger issues if your
reading its awesome it helps me calmdown
sidarth shukla : kind of boring.. cantrols are good its like temple run witha different
story.
james egan : the graphics and art style is one of the best i've seen on mobile with
controls and gameplay simple and fun and one of the most magnificent
graphics i've seen on mobile 10/10
belva crowe : i loved this until i got to level 28 and it wouldn't let me watch videos in place of spending the $. and i couldn't earn any $ to bold it up either. so, i uninstalled it!
a google user : this gane ia adventurous . but atill more stuff to need . not satisfied that much
zubair kabir : i love the game from the graphics to the gameplay, but you guys need to make it free for apple like my friend wants the app but doesn't want to buy it
linnea a : really pretty, relaxing, attainable goals. i did get tired of it after a while, but all in all it was enjoyable.
rob gifford : everytime you crash you start over unless you pay 1500 or watch a 30 sec video. enough said..
mark john ocampo : i like the graphics and gameplay. relaxing sounds and graphics are simple but i like it 'cause its kinda relaxing my eye <3
tung nguyen : cool backgrounds and weather effects but if there is something more than flip in the air, that would be great.
a google user : i think this is the world best game. because i love this game too much and
i think that every one should download this game and play for life time.
and plz give more updates and updates. at last i would to say that every
one should download this game and this is world best game in world
mongo bread : alto is a very relaxing game. i love the music especially in the zen mode like it soothes your soul. hope that the developer in this game will add music options. more power to the team!
abdelrahman salama : best game on google play, it's simple, great colors, funny and cute character design, and never makes you stressed. thanks for such a game
kenneth hunt : game concept has been around before in ski safari and others, and its just that mated with a ripoff of graphics similar to monument valley. unfortunately original games are hard to come by anymore.
liviu petre : wonderful game in terms of design, gameplay and overall the environment created with the help of the music and sound effects which are purely outstanding. great job! and thank you for offering such an exquisite game for free.
nikolas shilling : the outstanding graphics are the reason i play this game and it almost makes zen mode better than the normal game. either way this game is great.
shaeddyn : i love the way u play but i didn't understand what some of the quests say what u should do
noel flores : evan when i don't feel like playing it. i start playing it then i can't put the ipad down
amaan khan : pls pls tell me that when will you launch the odessey version im so so exited for this version all those guys who made this app ill thank you all for launching this gamr and pls give the odessey version as quick ans possible
jason perry : this is just a reskinned version of the much better ski safari and just to continue after dying you need to use a bunch of coins.
serezel vey dawn : i just really love this game, the nice calming music in the background, the sound of snow as you pass through, the beautiful mix of colors, i just really freaking love it.
a google user : pretty fun game to pass a little time, unfortunately the game keeps shutting down while i'm far into it. kind of really annoying. playing on a samsung galaxy s8+
nicholas hayward : the picture is all cut up. i can't see rocks or trees. please fix.
parag acharyya : best minimalistic game with awesome sound effects. alto's adventure is surely one of the best out there in play store.
grp gaurav raj pandey : i like it but it's mb is too large can't support in my phone samsung young duos and it's quality is excellent
jan sochor : beautiful game. might look repetitive but with the land changing every time there is always something new.
tomtomtom : i uninstalled the game but if i want to resign in it won't let me and i have lost everything...
caitlin w : love the art but it gets boring after a few weeks. maybe add a daily reward or something to keep players coming back? or mini games to earn extra coins would be fun. wingsuit is also way over priced in my opinion
steven zuriel catan : xd dat gui effecz doe i thoughtz dat thumbnail wuz teh kiwi guy in the sas 4 thingz m8 but nice local player script doe .3.
aamir ali : wrote a 1 star review before as the game didn't work on my device, it was promptly fixed, and my review is adjusted accordingly
ben mackie : i like alto's adventure because it's so calming and it has amazing art style well done snowman when is oddysy coming to android
a google user : music, chills and gaming, everything is awesome. play this game on a hot
summer day to experience the cold breeze
madhusoodhanan krishnan : very nice game. very simple and lovely. i never played a game like this before. in fact i never play games.but this is truly amazing.
ramna rs : can't jump wide gapes , some time flat area slow you down and then it's
wide gape and there's no way you can jump that and wingsute is way to hard
to get , i purchased it and never get to use once , i know if i have been
careful i would have got it , but doing that everytime for wingsute doesn't
make sense , i just lost interest , it's annoying everytime , its relexing
but when you see a gape so wide that there's no way you can jump or you try
to get wingsute it's become annoying not relexing , i just uninstalled it
param veer : i luv this game very much whenever i play this game it gives me relif to my mind graphics is good and sound quality too.
alan kelly : this is another good quality game that is ruined by constant inapp advertising, watch a video whenever you die, and you die a lot.
jason vaynagiy : this is a game you can play with your kids or just a game to kill time.
andrew cruz : it's cool cus you can do back flips and jump on to ropes with flags
riashat rafat : maybe not the best storyline but the ui is so beautiful that it makes you forget you are playing a mobile game.
bhuvan hegde : very nice game u should add front flips because then it become nice .but now this game is good
chiranth skills : don't waste your freakin time ppl!! tap download and enjoy!! very very addictive n amazing gfx!! totally love this game
deepak sen : when first time my son played this he fell in love with it this game is super duper i don't have words to explain.
yash jashnani : i am a beautiful person. the comments for your help. i have been a while. how do i get back. it seems like to be able, i think it was not found. the note this, but i think the best way to get the best way to get the best way to the uk in this category is a big fan of this page and then i will have the 7, 7 the best price you see on your own virus checks before opening any attachment. if the answer is yes, i think it was not found. i have been a long term and a bit. i have to pay a fee of th. i have been.
candi soda : watching ads gives you more gold than actually playing the game which is dumb. 500 gold/ 30 seconds of ads vs. playing the game for 5 minutes and getting less than 400 coins lol. very addicting game though
zack 77 : that game not work on my phone asus zenfone 5..android 4.3
aneeqah mehmood : good game, graphics are good but a little vague. i like the gameplay, it's fun and entertaining.
asheesh pratap singh : hey are stressed with daily work routine and boring moments... try out this
game to to calm your mind down... love you all
michael eboh : just add more epic view to if one advice to more stage, the person wont get used to what he has been playing. more flavor, but trust me the excellent game.
adithya kuricheti : its quite good. and also when you are getting bored so i would suggest this game
alex martynov : played it like for 5 min and it managed to download 20 mb of data, probably video ads.
jordan soh : the game keeps crashing. i was getting an all time high score and just
completed a very hard goal (which required me to play for more than 10
minutes) then the game crashed. please fix it, as the game has crashed
multiple times already.
bruno landim toledo : it is a great game, but i simply cant see the rocks, they are too blended with the background, and i played on a 7" screen tablet.
kabir kharadi : remove aggresive elders and this game is perfect. and also background music during gameplay can be better.
aaron cavazos : two words.... loved it. everything is great but it is a really entertaining game so i loved it. everything is good no mistakes and the music is relaxing nobody should hate this game and this is coming out of a 4 grader
a google user : the game crashes and it also gets slow . i advise everyone not to download it.
geneva miller : this app is where you have a person skiing which is you and you're basically trying to tackle llamas
ajai kumar : this game is really awesome and a best way to fight boredom. i enjoy playing the game and recommend all to install and play it.
luka : really love it,its lets say "original" a lot of fun great music and just for wasting time 5/5
michaela williams : but the it didn't keep the screen awake on my phone so it would go to sleep in the middle of the game
73aeri : this is a nice game i've been playing this game for a while pls let us buy
the characters with coins not levels cause they are a bit hard
a google user : great game overall. you can play it on the way to work with no data required. and zen mode really takes you to another world. well deserved 5 stars.
aubrey durrant : the surroundings of alto are so very gorgeous and simplistic at the same time. i love the gameplay as well.
d.s. blackmon : could be a fun game - but there is rocks and gaps and some guy on a horse chasing your character
cameron critchell : played through til level 61 and ran out of upgraded characters and missions. would've wished for more complex character traits!
a google user : i didn't know why this game is editor choice. this is boring game . others
running are best but this game is boring. why this game loved by many
people tell me
a google user : i downloaded it fifty-six times it downloads till installing than it stops and again i have to download it
indraneel bhowmik : never have witnessed this level of display in an android game....loved it
raptor hawwk : it's just an all around great game: runs well, looks good, and you can play
it over and over again inventing new combos and finding new ways to wipe out
jonathandior 7 years ago : finesse, literal finesse... music audio, especially graphics. i want google play and app store to be full of games like these, splendid with beauty.
shubh_ : relaxing game, nice music. zen mode is awesome. could have introduced some more stunts rather than just a back flip overall fantastic game.
landey : one of the best mobile apps i have ever seen simple and easy but interesting at the same time
austin vulpes : it's a good game and consumes time if you're wanting to pass time
matthew : for a game that is so simple and lacking in options it sure likes to interrupt you a lot to explain how to play. so i click? okay, got it. you never have to interrupt me to tell me to click again. but you're going to, aren't you? uninstalled.
a google user : i like it it's so much fun and it makes it more exciting when i'm getting chased and i love the thunder and rain sounds makes u feel like ur really there!
vaibhav yagnik : used up 300mb data in a week. that's not good for cellular data plan! the game however is good. kind of like endless running games like temple run and subway surfer
sameer sheikh : but uninstalling, bored now. nothing new to keep playing.
mike boehme : it's stops running during the first logo screen after starting.
userhas nomail : amazing game! great stylish graphics, smooth and immersive gameplay and a relaxing atmosphere. a great addition is the latest zen mode.
radu balanean : this game is really good for moments when you don't fave enything to do on your phone. it kills a lot of time! it's great!
a google user : i love this game so much i first found out about it i was in target great controls unless you don't see the rocks
a google user : i used to think that the app store was a good place to get apps but now it doesn't let me download anything
michi vallieres : a good runner with nice scenery. it wasn't really for me as i didn't find it to be challenging enough to be quite as addictive as some reviews mentioned. music was ok, but i would have been more apt to keep playing with a better ost.
a google user : it's bloody addictive and fun. i can't stop playing it. it should be free
on ios too. i bought an android just for this game.
steven barnett : obama ruined this app. before obama i could owna gun in my mountain town. now after uears of failed leadership they want our guns. no sir the broward cowards are to blame
kiran rajesh : i looove the zen mode. it's really so peaceful. it really helps when i'm angry at times.
sagar sengupta : phone model asus zenfone 5 t00j.after clicking the app,the game is getting freezed up.
nandan rai : beautiful game! at first it seemed like a slow game where all you do is jump and hold to flip, but boy was i wrong! it's a testament of all that can be done with good graphics and creativity in an incredibly simple way.
podum brahma : i have been waiting it to arrive on android finally the patience is over and it has been released today 11/2/16.. the visuals are too beautiful changing of whether change of day and night time baground soundtrack are melodious great job developing games like this keep it up
music tube : everytime i want to play the game it says "unfortunately "alto"has stopped please fix this
trapper grinder : worse pos ive ever played. lacking in every way shape and form imaginable. looks ok. but just ok. even the ''amazing'' visuals are just the same exact thing repeated. uninstalled less then 5 mins after starting.
jono alford : fancy visuals and a poorly thought out, replicated endless runner doesn't make for a good game. just get ski safari instead
zakarik white : i love this game i play it 24/7 because it is such a good game and it's so soothing and the music is nice too.
lorenzo mckinna : this is an easy game to play but also very addictive nothing to complain
about sometimes wish goals were more challenging.
marco cruz : very beautiful scenery, pleasant music, and entertaining gameplay. you don't have to pay for higher level upgrades like most games would want you to. you can just watch a couple ads and collect coins. i love that i can play it offline too.
mohammed sohail : u said that it's the game of the year . but i don't believe
nigga nigga : only one thing please pull back this last update and 5 stars you ruined the game in every single possible way.
m j : the artwork, music & sound are great but it gets boring after a while.
aj tapper : i can play it for hours and it's so nice for short breaks or just in waiting rooms since it can be started and stopped easily. :)
arian sedej : love this game, so beautiful and peaceful. it's good for when you are about to go to sleep, you just play this game a bit and you feel so relaxed
friendly neighborhood chicken : this game... just play it. it is one of the most relaxing and soothing games i've ever played. once you get into it it becomes a wonderful passtime.
nubian sivels : it's ok but the person is so stinking small u can barely see the person u r playing with.
william denny : fun game, lots of video watching but their ads crash the game. uninstalled.
mistah haskins : very good and pleasing game. very rarely do i see a mobile game with this much enthusiasm. the creator focused more on the gameplay along with the graphics. very fun game, would buy if priced!
drake escanan : great job noodlecake studios graphics are so cool than i ever seen in games and music is cool when playing with music your mom guys will sleep that happenned to meh 6:40 pm on monday month is may pretty cool guys and keep up the good work thanks noodlecake studios wish ya the best! :d
king : first time you are bored of it and then deleted it.a few minutes later you want to redowload the game
wafi afdi alfaruqhi : it has good gameplay and great graphics but, you want to fix the control because sometime i got a bug where i can't make the character jump so, i hope you fix that
ghostrespect179 : i think this game looks beautiful. no questions asked. yes it might get a little boring but overall it has amazing graphics and smooth music
a google user : i love this game. it is my favorite butter canada christmas country life lol that was my auto correct well yeah, best app ever.
saniyah : best game ever i love it love to watch it in zen mode, it's like i'm watching 3d tv on my phone
vikas pancholi : when i opened it a black screen was appeared in my asus zenfone 5. please fix the issue.
itx beats : this the game i will never get bored to, even after 1.5 year that i own it. congratulations.
john paul banga : aww , actually its nice but its too dark , my brightness to high but i cant still play it when im in the beach
meghon mackenzie : it's a nice game. it has cool graphics, nice music, simple concept, but it's just not for me i guess
arjun. singh : i have given it 4 stars because you never make a big update in this game,in
only 1 month i have unlocked all characters of the game now it has become
boring to me .either make the game difficult or make it wide
brontobyte 160 : the game is beautiful, fun, addictive and unique! love the game although it can get a tiny bit laggy sometimes. great game
bibin henry : this is one of my favourite games among the list. it calms our hearts down
and give us a pleasent mood and hope while playing. really enjoyed!
peter harris : looks nice, not original but nice. problem is there's no game here, just another platform for ads.
mark smith : great game, so much fun to play. beautiful, relaxing graphics and simple controls make the randomly generated courses an absolute pleasure to play again and again. so stoked the sequel is out!
cheyanne kulyk : it was calming in a way, also very addicting i love it and will never get bored of it
dj geist : the graphics are nice and the gameplay is easy and smooth. challenges keep you busy.
brady doyle : just overall a great game, very enjoyable, don't need to pay anything but can if you want to support the developers, very easy and relaxing, nice to just sit down and play.
randy orton : i've played this game in the whole time with my classmate and friends this game has a lot of features like high in graphics and awesome stants
a google user : easily one of the best android games made. it's addictive but relaxing as well. the ambience, the graphics and the music makes this a gem that should always be present on your cell.
joe mama : i love it it is so calming and really casual. it's really fun, you can just pick up your phone and play. i had the game on my other phone, this is how i know.
maurice cooper : when i first download this game i thought it was going to have bad graphics and be very stupid, but when i played it, it was mind blowing and had nothing wrong
nikesh patra : one of the most beautifully designed games i ever played, sometimes while playing the game with its music at its peak it feels like a dream
james addison : i can't build speed or flip fast enough to get away from the man on the horse other wise good game
meng lim : everything is all about ads and money now. previously not like this. every
game takes you into one into another. or pay to win. and such a shame
because this was a game that i had a genuine interest in until it sold it's
soul to the devil.
arjuna tiwari : the game crashes while playing. my whole data got lost
shah bros : the game is good but there is 2 bugs.1st is when i pause the game,the
screen become blind and skipping frames,and 2nd is that when i play
again,the control didn't work.btw love the game . keep it up.
brittany just living her life : i wanted to play it but it wont download. ive checked my wifi connection and my storage and theyre both fine.
a google user : mask snub zorn cu ran zorn chance cheng she'll l iraqi neither minors anson
baptismal crop
amnon lock : seems like a fun game but the barrier to having fun is too high.
aditya mohan : one of the most beautifully designed games with a simple gameplay! it took them a long time to come onto the playstore but the wait was totally worth it! 10/10
naresh talisetty : very hard to spot the obstacles. you need to be on toes to find one. i
don't want to see doctor for my eyes
aditya pratyush : the background music takes you to a another level of peace. the sceneries are worth watching. this game is total fun
angelica gamez : when i went on it snapped me out
kirin skawngur : altor has stopped. everytime i want to open it
roro fahmi : i really don't have words to describe such an amazing game like this one.beautiful graphics,music everything is amazing.
pankaj chawan : i am in love with this awesome game,just can't stop playing :)
ivan damyanov : i already lost progress once but you just implemented google cloud saving so thanks! looking forward to another game from you.
nicholas brush : i must've played a different game than the one all the 5-star raters did. visually appealing but poorly executed. don't bother.
vissa : i enjoyed the beautiful landscape and the colors, game play was sweet and fluid, and this game brings it together perfectly.
deepak arora : it is awesome game with great sound effects. very enjoyable game to play . full of fun . one of the best game in a google play.
flex crazyfun : doesn't respond that well, and the day vs night thing is simply aggravating
don teguia : so fun how you can do flips and get levels and stuff, i was at the burlington mall in ma and went to the apple store. it was so gucchi .
shanti naidu : the game is awesome , the graphics are very clean. this is the king of
endless running games.it beats ski safari 2,temple run 2 , sonic dash and
even subway surfers. i just want to say that please bring some humour in
the game (just like ski safari 2).overall the game is good .lacks humour
and has limitations.
fury rage : for being a non-stop run game this one is really nice, the ambient, the music, the gameplay, everything matches really nice, totally recommended for casual gaming, if yo don't want to spend too much of your time but still want to have a good time.
suseela vikraman : it runs best on my apple i phone 7s gold .every comments here is stupid.its the best.
a google user : very goodgame i have ever seen in cannot say that it is a bad game in my life. i have got this game by the help of my friends because it is very very famous game
john ford : i love this game, but the advertising is heinously intrusive, and it's certainly not worthy of the $5 you ask to remove the ads. i'd pay $1-2 in a heartbeat, because i really enjoyed this back when it was truly free, but hell with your $5
excigma_ : crashes when my scarf gets long enough for the flying suit. saved my moment
and wasted my time. disappointed :(.
burhan akbar : i loved this game . it is so relaxing and addictive . i wish that you may
make alto ' s adventure 2 . very well done noodlecake studios :)
elk vortex : it was a fun game, but after updates the progress twice was reset on me, despite the fact that i was logged in to google play. it's a fun game, but restarting two times was maddening. if the issue is addressed i would recommend it. however as my level was lost i won't be reinstalling.
mr. karl allen : latest update erased all of my progress... was at level 21 and now i have to start all over again.
james bernards : "the best mobile games offer a zen like sense of satisfaction, not a negative bank account balance and a feeling if spiritual bankruptcy" - a review by tech crunch that i completely agree with.
sarthak goyal : truly one of the most well done game i've seen. the artwork is stunning and i just can't obsess over this game. truly remarkable. must get game. editors choice on apple. lots of content. no reason not to get. huge thanks to game developers
evan dowling : it gets a little bit boring after a while
a google user : control like jumps nd others are bit complicated, else graphically nd
concept are superb
joe fisher : fun, addictive, beautiful. one of those games you just pick up your phone and play and enjoy it every time.
dave matchett : excellent and fun game but it chewed through 100meg of mobile data in a day. not sure why as there was no advertising.
khalid amin : this game is fun at first but it bugs u a lot on missions like it purposely makes it impossible and makes u watch ads
micarcha joseph : ya ya nae just a joke please don,t come for me
pucholeng duidang : awesome game. from the soundtrack to the art style this game is a pure
representation of the fact that video games are an artwork of the
developers just like movies,music and paintings
v : with graphics matching that of firewatch and gameplay made by god there isn't much i can say against this game, it's gorgeous and fun and i recommend it to anyone who is new to side scrolling games
griffin gaming recountinued : the zen music is to emotional put it this way. what if it mom said you could go as far as i like ,and you went too far and never came back that for me is how it is. but every thing else is fine.
mitchell penner : the changing backdrop is pretty and all, but you can't see the rocks in the dark. make a day only mode and this game would still be on my phone.
najib aslam : i promise you guys, this game gives you peace. its scenery, its background music is just.. calming your self.
pranjal jain : graphics are ultimate. i love this game i cleared 40 levels in 6 days. i was so much into the game that my mobile touchscreen does not respond property, very difficult to use.
janet fernandez : the music and the background are just fantastic...makes me fell melted into it
caden bolic : this game is amazing its butiful i don't get why it only has around 1,000 downloads i highly recommend getting it love it and its free no internet love love love love love it and amazing graphics love it
anita kardam : i love this game is so beautiful i have no words what a wonderful game you developed i wish i can give you 10 stars
phillip williams : ugh, i love this game but i just wish it had no ads. i know it's a free app and all but it was just such a peaceful game before and it still is but the ads just get so annoying when i'm just in the car playing this peaceful game. so, just, please take off the ads.
h b : great visuals, fun gameplay. everytime you crash you have to shell out money to continue. why not just make a paid version of the game and be done with it. shameless.
smith patel : music,graffics nd all features r best so i loved this game carry on and make other games like this all the best
javier perez de lema : i gotta say, this game is beautiful and extremely addictive. can't wait to see more games with this minimal style.
siddhartha neupane : graphics seen good. not tried yet but i hope it's good.
anyia tucker : i could tell you five things about this game. whenever you jump you die. it is a fun game. it gives you missions. you are snow boarding. it is better than subway surfers.
madison sherwood : i have come back to rate this one cause i just downloaded it's sequel and
omfggggg its amaaazinngggg (both are)
samuel chen : beautiful graphics and music. i hate the hover feather which prevent you from jumping properly and u can't get over the large chasm. and it's almost impossible to do a triple backflip.
lydia hauser : i love this game it is simple and easy the game is sometimes stressful and stress relief the same time.
michael haynesworth : i like the game. its very very addictive. and if anybody thinks this game
is a waste is lying.
hein zandberg : it's a good time killer.i enjoy this beautiful game and it has great music.i have been searching for a very good addictive game,and i think thesis the one.i really like the graphics on the game and it is very relaxing.its so great that i can actually say that this is the best game of my entire life.
rogue leader : its a nice game to sit back and relax for. not too much stuff to do, witch is just right for relaxing!
jose silva : what a way to ruin a great game. just like angry birds and plants vs zombies. why not offer an add free, in app purchase free, game for a reasonable price? just like on the ios platform. perhaps the answer has something to do with the list of highest grossing games. most of which are free. sounds like a great way to take advantage of your customers. skip it, uninstall it and most importantly forget about it.
a google user : this game really calms me and the theme is so amazing its a must with headphones in zen mode and i can't wait to download alto's adventure 2 the people who made this game i respect you highly
dylan von wissell : i really like this game. it's one of those really nice relaxing games that doesn't make you want to throw your phone across the room when you lose like some games i've played.
tiff myler : pretty to look at, and that's where it stops. more annoying ads than
gameplay.
drone kri : this is one of the best games available from the playstore.. definetly deserves 5 stars
noah vuk stolica : i'm having a problem with sound there is no music just a glitchy sound please help
faryal baksh : the game is nice, the background and music.. but the actual gameplay is difficult. jumping etc.
hany semaan : i have been waiting for long but it does not work . it gives a big black blank screen.
rizwan azam raiyan : this game is time killing but through this game anyone can learn alto's
lifestyle... good game though...
a google user : awesome game !! well honestly i have no words to describe it. it just makes the mood i have no complains about it.
sujay vivek : waste game . people think there are graphics but this game is only a puzzle waste game. don't download this game and don't waste u data on this stupid game
brian tang : not a bad copy, but it's unavoidably just a copy of an already popular game. nothing original about it.
a google user : in my gaming career this is the most addective and enjoying game i had play
ever seriously. please install it and play ....i recommanded to you to play
the game...
a google user : no doubt to tell it is very nice game . l will tell to everyone that ones download this game it is my gurrenty that if you download ones you will never delete this game ones try friends
emerald splash : i had the 4th character unlocked now i'm back to zero. please fix fast
omar elsadik : i played the game on windows 10 and it's was awesome
tyreik webster : i feel like the creator's of this game should add more tricks to the updated version
anthony kazadaev : a very good and simple game. i got this game from my friend and played it on his phone. but when i downloaded it to my phone, i went and clicked on it but it would go back to my home screen. please fix
kevin george : good game, great graphics but i had uninstalled the game so i could focus on work for some time. when i tried downloading it again all of my stuff was reset. it would be helpful if i could get it back
dinkar rav : one of the most beautiful mobile game ever played. amazing game with great graphics and music. you'll never get bored of it.
alfian prakoso : installed,but it just hang after opening music
tah miy austria : the music sounds so sweet to me, especially when the sun is about to shine off. it feels like it's the music of my soul. i'm so loving this game. good job.
john eyder : game works perfectly again after ad issue fix! i'm getting farther and farther away every time
a google user : but when i wanted to skip something it said i didn't have enough coins and it wouldn't let me get out
tiyos ghosh : the graphics of the game is awesome. a console quality graphics mobile! the gameplay is good but once or twice i felt lag in the controls.
ankit chawada : it's amazing and i have just fallen in love with this game can't stop playing it thanks game maker for ur lovely thinking
a google user : i love this game because it comforts my nervousness when i play it and it
has great graphics and great sound effects.
prateek singh : this game has nice graphics. challenging levels. cool music (headphones recommended). best time spending game.
a google user : it was f ing awesome i'm giving all the love and spourt to the makers. never ending awesome time killer
hannah mccracken : i can't get past the tutorial in this game because whenever i fall into the chazam i'm stuck there until i redo the tutorial all over again which is pretty much every time. but the gameplay seemed interesting though
bablu visweswar : awesome game and , it is even a beautiful game with cool grahincs and...music ,love it a lot ,tnx for a game like this noodlecake studios , cooooooonnnnnngggggggrrrrrrraaaaaattttttssssss ,keep making games like this and thank u
damon huber : why cand i upgrade my character or do anything other than a backflip. you should ad a stomped and perfect transition bonus
peter fazio : great game til u reach level 10. than it has random ads that pop up in middle of gameplay. if u click that u don't want the ad it kicks u out of app totally
android gamespot : this is more just a game, it's an art piece, the beautiful environment with the day and night switch, the music and the somewhat relaxing sound of snowboarding down the mountains and the gameplay mechanics as well as the discreet iaps makes this an absolute must play!
che roziah : great game to release stress. good graphic and i like it
rafael rodriguez : never played a game like this. great graphics, great gameplay, and replay ability. my only concern is i've already beaten it twice. maybe next update can have more levels and characters. otherwise great game. keep it up.
shaunak gujjewar : this is the most beautiful game i have ever played in my life . quite classic with beautiful artwork and scenery and background music ! i find the background music more beautiful though ! but please improve the reset progress task ! it doesn't improve even after doing it twice
immortal : yeah it's a good game but there are many more scopes to recover this
game.there should be some more challenges which will surely make it a more
attractive game but it's limitation should be between 200 mb.
hu11p1-fajardo, jolo martin : i think this is the meaningful game i've ever play,even if this game's mechanics are simple it encourages me to do more to explore the world and have meaning in my life ,i could understand the meaning of the game and try for this awesome game hope you make more special game #godspeed
gilbert tuhod : because it just suddenly glitch oh and by the way i like the graphics of this game :)
a google user : i loved this game and i still do. it is a great time killer an passes time quickly. 9/10
bea optimal : this game used to be great but now i can't even get past the tutorial cause the chasm is to big to jump over and there is not skip tutorial button so i'm uninstalling again and not coming back till its fixed good bye ):(
chisulo mukabe : it is a great game. perfect for relaxing and just having a chilled out time. love the graphics, the time of day dynamics, the simplicity of the controls and yet the ability to still make a really enjoyable experience. zen fits this game so well... oh and a nice touch adding zen mode. a definite must try
dantalian gerhardtsreiter : fun game, but i wish i could play it on my android phone. every time i try to open it, it goes to the "alto" screen, then immediately closes. i had to download an android emulator on pc to play this. four stars until i can play it on my phone.
riavan : this game is just a prettier version of ski safari but with far worse and more infuriating mechanics and cash grab systems.
themanstevie yt : it's a really good game to play when you have a bit of spare time. 10/10
deb hal : must have app plz don't forget to add this as the bestest games
apan trikha : i'm out of words. the graphics are amazing and sharp, the physics logic is well designed and the music is really soothing (especially in zen mode). in short i love it.
audrey rodriguez : very good game always gets me when i get bored.
michael leet : the graphics are amazing! you did a really good job its peaceful and its simple i just wish i could give 100 stars you guys are really good at making games.
mr. anonymous : amazing, breathtaking, an amazing time killer with stunning visuals. incredible gameplay. you've really done an outstanding job this time noodlecake studios.
mason balsover : great game with tight controls and a wonderful art style, i could sit and watch the sky in this game for god knows how long.
alief wibowo : i fall in love with this game, maybe someday some people will make a movie about it.
wayne : not even 2 minutes in and its already begging for money. stay away.
adrian jelley : while the game is fun. installing it caused my phone app to crash constantly and made my phone completely unstable.
muhammad yawar husnain : it's quite a fun game i do recommend this to people who want to try out new games
a google user : this is the great app that i've found in my life this is relaxing and have
a great graphics tho i really love this my mind relaxes everytime i play
this game love this
soumik chakraborty : good game awsm music effects by which you can relax while playing the game ... it gives you a beautiful graphics ... and you will be the luckiest person if you get a chance to play it and enjoy it's beautiful interface
jaisid singh : really good...its really hard to describe other than it is awesome
ryan williams : would be 5 stars but keep having to uninstall and reinstall due to a bug that won't allow me to jump. i can tap the screen and go to work shop and start the game but once i'm going i can't jump. please fix.
neon tiger : perfect. the greatest game to ever be released for mobile devices.
incredible graphics, stunning sound. i could play this game for hours.
(also respect the humble developers who don't try and steal your money.
but, put customer satisfaction as top of their priorities)
shechloe : i love this game so much!! they did a great job making the graphics of the
game. and the backround noises are also very realistic. good job on the
game!!
sigdatsong : amazing how this game can keep you at the edge of your wits- anticipating
the very next few seconds and yet have such a calming effect by way of
music and scenery.....well done.
soren crawford : i love this game because it's simplicity it's self it's a fun and challenging game the controls are simple the graphics are gorgeous and i absoulty love that you can compete with your friends and all i can say is that this is a good game gg and most of all this is alto's adventure!
nur aini : best action games ever and please come out more and more! can't wait to see you soon!
nishank mehra : at first i saw the logo and thought that its not the type which i play but i suddenly saw that the game had an editors choice sign then i went through its description ,saw all the comments and reviews,saw the video. i liked the graphics a lot and then downloaded i played and loved it. such a great game.
a google user : i loved it, but i had to uninstall the app and install it again because i
couldn't get out of zen mode.
jayakrishnan kb : each time i'm stressed i play this game with my headphones on. amazing flow this game have. and the sound track is beautiful.
johnny morris : absolutely the best app game i've ever had. zen mode and it's music got me in my feels and i strangely got a life is strange vibe from it. gorgeous game i really love it.
mahir chaturvedi : this is not prank game and nice game funny is not so much guys this game is
challenging and very hard like temple run .
ayushmaan singh : absolutely the best endless running game out there. so smooth, so soothing, so peaceful. i have nothing else to say.
corey coleman : great time killer this game is the most fun you could ever have in your life.alto's adventure is very relaxble well if your in bed,but yea i give a five star rating.
clarita co gamboa : as i downloaded it because it's reviews were awesome and started the game the title appears then it would blackout please fix....
charity jones : it's fun i can play it all day 24/7
a google user : so fun to play, i think i could play this all day. i love the calming feeling of this game, it's good to just relax and enjoy the thrilling adventure.
akash sood : graphics and music are very good.but gameplay is disappointed.not much things to do .ok game to play for 1 time but not addicted at all.if u love to play new games every day or week then u can try otherwise not.
chandrakanta adhikari : very bad game!! i hope no one ever play it .its not a good game
emma liu : it was absolutely fabulous. its just that u should try to malke different updates. but, fun game and five stars for alto!
robert jed merjilla : really really love this game! so relaxing and fun... thanks a lot noodlecake. really appreciate your work
armani molina : in the zen mode i use headphones like it recommends and the music made me cry tears of joy and i'm a man(dont judge me)
ed rishel : fun game, gets old pretty quick though. smooth gameplay, good gfx
mei misaki : it's very beautiful & has great atmosphere i also love the zenmode where you can just see everything of this beautiful game!
amrul affan : i category this game as "time killer" . btw the storyline , graphic and everything is awesome ! you deserve 5 star
raijin : i got bored by this game after a few weeks of playing
j. zula manuel : the game flows so freely, it gives you a challenge, it changes weather, you have obstacles and things your going after, and the music matches the adventure of an app unlike others. i love it! :-)
loloy magnaye : ok my mom said download alto's adventure....then i download it and play it is relaxing and i do lots of tricks. thank you mom for requesting this game love you
anthony halliday : credit to the developers and designers but the game is very boring and requires an uninspiring live of interaction.
teona dashniani : it's very interesting game download it if you like good quality of games
sean clinton : oh no, this game is entirely too addictive, i can't stop playing it every time i get a chance.
ian del rosario : i love the graphics, so smooth and minimal. the music is so amazing to hear too. i think more characters and power ups would make it even better!
viviana chevez : an awesome game. you could be frustrated, but nothing compares with the satisfaction when you have passed the level.
3026 _ saubhagya singh : after i uninstall coc i was looking for a new game.i don't find a good for a long time then i find it.i think it's a good fame.
aditya sapkale : please fix the glitch in zen mode. i have a photo of the glitch. please contact me and i will send you the photo and how it occurs. it changes when when you pause it.
a google user : the peaceful music and beautiful art design will have you relaxing while shredding up some fresh powder.
xx proclasscrafter xx : this is a game that has helped me hust relax mainly in zen mode but the entire game is nice and relaxing.
aditya vardhan : it's really has the right to become the best game of the year
a j : a very in depth game great for soothing your nerves after a tense day. zen mode is absolutely stunning played for 2 hours straight once
a google user : the game itself is pretty fun, however the advertisements are annoying, it
is to the point where after every time they show an advert.
emmanuel colon : i loved this game. but suddenly they forced adds. at the begunning of the game and even while you are playing. if you've been surviving too long the add stops interrupts your game and takes you back to the start menu... bue bye alto
dog max : brill game nothing could be better than these graphics and artistic backround brill game.
glitchersx : i loved it because extremely a great game . actually i didn't test it but i will . with looking to the photos i am really satisfied and thank you .
shashank mishra : what the fu/k can't download the game hated
r m : i like the graphics of this game ..the best is the season that keeps changing especially the rainy season ..
deadgir1walking : love it it's so simple and takes your mind off life and whisks your worries away while you take the snowboard and be free...
kiri tongkeaw : so good, just one thing, maybe add more features but still ana amazing game
optical gaming : awesome game but please add multi player like hotspot or bluetooth for
challenging game and for more fun..i hope this update will be added next
update...
moba player : the game is so relaxing that you don't even get angry if you fail.
bruce smith : i never heard of it or played it but i think that it's a good game
nike store employee : very relaxing,fun, and satisfying game. recommend to play this when you
have downtime
a google user : absolutely captivating, play for hours. minor glitch with izel where if you fall into a small crevasse when you save them they aren't pulled out the counter goes and you just sit there. everything else is stellar.
julian vargo : i broke my phone the other day, and when i got a new one, this was the first thing i installed
amal the gamer : it is sweetest game i ever played and i recommend to play with headphones. that endless mode song will make me cry
a google user : it is a great game and well developed .the developers have worked quite well in it .this game is quite awesome because of endless game play.the graphics are simply great
ed is trash : the audio is extremely choppy which i feel is a major factor in the game which i like i hope this gets fixed
a google user : it is just crazy making game i love it more than coc and any other game .more than enough.life taking game
edwin : blank screen...while i want play this game..this game nothing give me a progress...i just waiting and nothing happen with this game juat blank screen and finaly i unistalling again...grrrr
global radio : this is the best game in the entire play store.simply the best.no ads.no extra things.just you and your game.beautiful concept,scenery,music...just no words.this game is on another level and no game can ever strive to even come close to this masterpiece
winnaldo : very very boring game.. just 1 trick no other variant, just flip and catch llamas, no interest
essence pinckney : i got it but at the end o was so close but i hit something and iv had died
arkan tanriwa : beautiful graphics. but the rocks were so hard to see. i tripped up far too frequently for it to be enjoyable. ended up uninstalling.
abhijit palkar : once your player speed increased it gets very difficult to see path & play well
avradeep karmakar : very decent graphics with fun gameplay. music is very tranquil and kind of soothes the mind. overall very good game. but i would like a front-flip in upcoming update.
mohan krishna : i dont understand why this has 4.6 rating.. i found that this gam is tooo
boring
aditya mishra : subjected dehydrated secretary's servicing cynicism functioning juvenility
radha nepal : great game. this game is the beast man..keep it up noodlecake studios inc.
arika putri : it's such as a boring game i was bored played this games make it more harder it's so easy dont give up ok!
sai suresh darlanka : this game only just for fun not entertaining
calvin ms : if your game doenst start properly, follow this : allow this app run in the background by allowing it in auto-start manager. enable auto-rotate. then, enter the game. your welcome.
trace w : i didn't even get to play it, it just freezes up at the title screen and exits out of it. which is a bummer because it looks like a cool game and i actually want to play it.
j cman : as far as these games are concerned, this one is just lazy and not much fun.
cara nelson : great art, nice music, gets repetitive quickly.
sahil nandanwar : very good music very relaxing ..... very nicely made game i loved it but the problem is that. is the game not offline cause it asks me to connect to the internet.
faris maulana : i lost all of my progress after installing it back, just that. all the sound, the scenery, the physics, gravity and velocity laws, and the adventure are amazing for me. thank you for the game.
a google user : played this a few times myself; highly recommend it. easily one of the most
addictive, most beautiful games i've ever played!
dal bahadur thapa : this game is the best game that i have ever played .... i think that this
game is made for me .... cause everything is so silent and beautiful with
such asilent music
anushka panda : when i played it for the first time, it was awesome. i loved it. but during the second time, it wasn't jumping at all.
messi lm10 : really an awesome game. the graphics are vibrant and is really pleasing to see. also the objectives are simple and easy to get. thank you
callie callie j. : this is a lovely game and also relaxing; very well done and modern. just that personally, i was not very good at it! it presents a good challenge, but i did not get very far. but i tried! i might install it again one day.
jonathan wilson : this game is really amazing because the creators of this game didn't put a lot of time into making it and plus the music it plays is amazing
anshul aditya : animated game and a good time paas game i was attaracted to the game when my friend showed me this everytime asked the name of the game i even bought a sd card for it. very nice game love it
aliciah hill : it is a funny gsme because u have to give the deer a slap on the butt whenever u r next to one.
ninjaxstrikerz1 : the is so sothing i feel like im going to cry. i want the song itself as amsong im gona play on days that im down thx
a google user : i don't know if its just me, but i get massive lag when i get the ability to use the wingsuit
a google user : this game is extremely fun and innovative the music adds that extra something that most other games haven't got and its extremely addictive
gaurav ka : amazing game!! the visual are just perfect, calms you down in a weird way actually
a google user : love the music and the background as well... it's really fun doing d tricks while chasing the target. a little more variation might make the game even more fun!
terry cameron : great graphics but not as fun as ski safari. dying so quick was the final straw.
the king phoenix : the style of this game is awesome. great graphics and smooth gameplay (given you have an adequate device)! definite 5 star experience.
ahmedur rahman : one of best game i have ever played in gplay! it kills too much time!
jobair ahmed : i just hate it cause it provide much notifications that i don't need and its kind of disturb
nidhi pal : i am a little more about it and stuff but it was just wondering what is it possible lol what's app you can see that you are interested please send kr firr you can see that the one that requires you br and lg optimus l7 i will even be fine to go to work in a park avenue south indian desi babe who is a free to call all your hard work in the evening before
a google user : would have rated 5 star if cloud progess / profile save option is available. kindly add this feature.
dan mcgregor : what a brilliant game. there's not many games out there that purely cater for the gamer and not the fat cats. amazing talent.
sandeep : i usually play games like clash royale ,asphalt 8and many others but this game has changed my look how i use to see the games well done nooddle cake studoius good going alto's adventure
maddy : this is the bestest game in my game list. i love it's beautiful graphics. sound is very very peaceful. this game is so addictive. i love this game. hope u guys provide more this gud type game in future.
soumak nandi : can't get any better. relaxing yet competitive, addictive but soothing. a dream come true. a dream come true.
banana tim : this was such a fun time waster. even now, with the ads, they aren't all
that disruptive.
72 stealth : this game is totally relaxing me and made me cry because of the sunset...this was really great game to play
fairuz damar wasesa : i just can see the title and the black screen
a google user : good game.. but you need to add more environment and season..also add more
characters and increase controll.sonwe will be able to play more peacefully
a google user : i think its a good game for little kids like my brother
a google user : y'all should add more special skills today player front flips back flips all kinds
light just : seriously, you don't need to search for a bad review for this game. because i'm playing it and i say awesome. trust me
armande de silguy : kinda boring since there are few controls. good game if your waiting for your waitress to bring you your food. bad game if it's the only one you have and your on an airplane or some place where you have a lot of time on your hands.
this isn't my real name : this game is just amazing. everything. from visuals to powerups, i wish i
could give this game endless stars.
dave gregory : one of those games that i keep coming back to daily. gorgeous graphics and simple design. only criticism is - do you really get crickets up a snowy mountain at night time?
a google user : i think this can cure brain illness because it's so mesmerizing.
sanskar : i think your game is great and every one should have it. there's only one problem, if you play this game you are sure to lose one or two hours easily!! it's so addictive...
gifford cheung : lags now, unclear why. can't flip without game thinking i let go of the touch to soon. is my phone old now? google play services doing something the background? the new ads? better safe than sorry. uninstalled.
computer life : oh yes. best game yet on play store i cant just explan why.(it helps me get through time)
a google user : creatively designed mixture of relaxing music, soothing ambience and phases in nature to provide extreme delight. just play and embrace that joy. thank you for providing such a bliss. eagerly waiting for the next experience.
dan yak : i had it on so many different phones and tablets its the best game i met. i recommend it alot
hritik5art : i lived this game but some issue is that here players i've an idea to connect the fb and play with friends i am very like this game
aditya shandilya : visuals that transfix the player: i have many wallpapers clicked from this game; of the dawns and dusks, and bright sunlit snow with mountains in the distance. all along with a drawing soundtrack to entrance you in a simple adventure. check it out.
troy glidden : boring after a bit. i like the graphics and the idea, but that is about it.
meepwers : it's awesome and kinda relaxing so if you ask me how was the game ill say "its freaking lit"
dragon : love it. for me, it helps me wind down and go to sleep at night.
a google user : love the game i no play it on my brothers laptop love the graphics too .
keisha m : graphics are awsome. no problems ever i love this game. but it gets old fast
uttarakhand _youth : awesome but need to add some other background or location with more challenges.
travis washburn : the artwork is amazing. it's an endless skier, which actually sort of makes sense. i didn't play it too long though. a little monotonous. but better than an endless runner.
bhavkaran singh : it's soo amazingly just beautiful. just beautiful. as for the game i wish alto was a bit bigger in size and more controllable...but otherwise beautiful
ammar dzafic : this game is great but for me it got boring in 20 minutes
lord haisha : i didn't know that had this on android i used to play it everyday but it was payed which sucked balls
bryson maynard : so beautiful, this game literally is the most funnest game i've played in on android would love to see a sequel, would pay for this!!
daniel tullis : loved it until these really annoying popup ads started happening recently. now i've uninstalled it.
alex israel : great game but stats didn't carry over when i got a new phone. i was almost
level at the last level, just a couple more to 60 and i don't want to
unlock it all again. i'll keep looking into it to see if i can because
overall this is an amazing game!
frazer correia : the game lags sumtyms don't knw d reason bt need to find a solution
rama jaganathan : this indeed is a game that satisifies the soul as quoted by techcrunch! :d however, please give the rocks (obstacles) a distinctive glow as it increasingly becomes difficult to see during the night mode :) that is all and btw the music is so soothing! #greatgame
a google user : game is good but there should more things to be added in the market like boost! speed and other things u know otherwise game is good
gujju x gaming : very good games ilike it is not the named recipient you must be the best regards
sam bacigalupa : i was at a verizon store and got bored so i played on the demo of this game. i loved it so i downloaded it on my phone and tablet!!
covid 19 : is very crestive game really relax me when im stress, great music and is very funny
reallyupsetmen : what a beautiful and a relaxing game! we need more games like this. but one thing that i want or this game is more content! give us more things to do!
a google user : tomorrow is a great day out for you and me and i am sure that your app is a
good idea of tguru nanak hospital and i am not able to make a decision on
the phone and i will be in the uk for your reply and for the first time in
the uk and ireland and scotland jmkkk to the uk, i have to be able to do
it, i am very pleased with the new york and the other day
ketan prajapati : first off all, when you started game ,superb grapics, than looked like movie, sound is cool, happy to level up.
mohit kumar : please pay mess fees rather than requesting paid version of funky games asap.
janrovic valmonte : it's really fun to play when u play the more it just gets boring
jovan alexander : this is cool and all but every time i want to sign in.. the game just freeze. please fix. this game is so frickin cool i will give you 5 stars
tanner dornsife : the black title screen keeps happening. can't play the game
braeden wolf : minimalistic, gorgeous, and enchanting. this game while being an endless runner is absolutely stunning. the music, geometric art style, and fun character of the game make it worth playing no matter who you are. this is the definition of what mobile gaming needs to be.
akshay a.s : the beauty of the artwork just blows you away! and even if its such a peaceful game, it has its moments!
kali uchis : this game made me cry because of the zen mode. it is the definition of heaven!
gilby astrajingga : fully dynamic lighting and weather effects, including thunderstorms, blizzards, fog, rainbows, shooting stars, and more
a google user : could not stop playing and the music, oh the music is so peaceful and
serene and the view of alto skating down the mountain is just breathtaking.
thank you, noodlecake studios.
matt luxton : this is one of the best games i've ever played, not just on mobile i'm
talking pc, console etc. it's beautiful to look at and listen to. the
controls are perfect. the progression is fantastic and i'm still playing it
way after completing all the levels and buying every upgrade. cannot wait
to play odyssey when it comes out which i'm certain will be even better!
sabyasachi bose : if u try it with earpiece in a lone atmosphere, dis app will give u d
ultimate addiction... music is really none of kind!
blue : the more i played this game when it dropped on ios the more i wished it would come to android now that it's here i plan to play it indefinitely
daria taafe : i want to love this game but so many ads make it crazy annoying
a google user : rating before downloading jst giving it a 4 star bcoz there are positive ratings by many.....
luis cipriani : the game entered in a night version and was really hard to play.
owls hi : how to become pro when i try to jump on clift then die i have to start from begin. stupid
anita jiro : i get home i can i just come over i can get it done today i can come by and pick up i will be there for the interview at i can get a new one and i don't have a c ar so you don't have to do that i don't have to go back to work on monday so i can get the money is in your account for my birthday is the interview on the t
parag gajera : nothing best in it, other better options are available than this game, i think you all have to try those first..
a google user : i tried to install it but it says invalid package
nic seed : best game ever! but i thought altos odyssey was supposed to come out today.
wayne tomlinson : the comments are mainly by the developer's friends game does get boring very quickly..
mr. crowley : ridiculous! every time you lose a life you have to watch a advertisement video...uninstalled clickbait.
craig nixon : the hints play every time and i cant stop them. otherwise this would be a 5
mohammed fakhry : you just can't speed up to pass chasms which is so stupid and frustrating
a google user : i played this game on another phone i couldn't move because it was so fun. i love it!
miloas milo : i love everything about this game. although, it would be great if new characters would be added like every new month.
bhimrao kawale : i haven't played this game yet.still i am giving 5 stars because i know it is beyond 5 stars
a google user : game is ok. but hard to play during night in the game ...the troubles
cannot be focused due to bad illustrations!
manita charnphari : there is no levels in this game and without levels the game become boring it is endless game that's not good
shivam singh : i uninstalled it because it's bullshit
reuben stevens : this is really bad and tones of ads pop up and you can't actually do anything
shrivatsan v : the only major flaw being that the elder can't be inflicted damage, with plausible in the game play scenario (like landing on top of the elder, reducing his speed.. etc)
william phillips : thanx for caring about black screen hangups...havent even played it hope its great
steven baker : unfortunatly just graphics doesnt make a good game. boring.
tatyana yagozinskaya : just the best never-ending amazing and calm game. one of few are on my phone for years
venu sen : by reading the reviews i gave the game 4 star rating but when i play it il change my mind
a google user : i'll tell u one thing download it you won't regret it very calming
kaushik subba : it is indeed a good game but there is nothing more to do in the game people may easily get bored of the game
hire leblanc : the game is so fun i can't stop piaying it
ayoub elyatimi : what the sh** you can just jump
ian morgenheim : the main character's magnet feet aren't particularly fun to control (that is, momentum will never make you naturally fly into the air), and tapping to jump (rather then holding to charge) is an unsatisfying control method.
oldgodz : i can't find anything different from ski safari
aybuke bayri : doesnt work on my phone ! if you code it, make sure its works !
stephen cowden : good graphics and gameplay, but it's too dang hard to get past the opening levels. needs a better introduction.
steve pietruszewski : got to play tutorial and first level then locked at same black screen everyone else gets. what a waste.
juni arina : the most beautiful game i've ever play. from the relaxing music to the
gorgeous graphic, everything is perfect. good job and thank you!
peter ahed : this game has made me emtional the past year its the best game i played yet.for all of you newbies this is a phomenal experience and mind blowing.this game is so beatifull and satisfing it makes you want to get teary eyed this is the best game i ever played so simple
more humor : the best game i'be ever played. have it in my pc also. the best graphis, controls and story line. and moreover so relaxing and soothing !
joel raju : i've been waiting for an android version ever since the game came out and finally i have it...
felipe schnurr : best game i've ever played in my life! so addicting and great graphics. loved everything about it
harriet : really, i love the fact that on the app store you have to pay 3 for it, and on android, it's free.
zef peralta : startup is taking too much time.
yevgeny dyuburg : premium is for nothing. while you are playing in "regular" game, if your hero crashed, you are able to continue after watching promo. just you bought "premium", promo disappears, as well as opportunity to continue the game. you have to start from initial point.
chromo panda : i never even finished downloading butt im haveing fun with it
al cafacci : the game is just amazingly well done, the graphic, the details everything is well done! it's unique and very addictive! those people who created this game are very smart and creative!
martin martin : the game thought i was touching the screen even when i was not, causing me to die instantly.
samarth tripathi : love this game i enjoy this game i want to see its next version it is most
stisfieng game so please download\install
a google user : nice game dam all to complain about really + soothing music:)
prinny x : ny times, buzzfeed, wired all of the fake media opinion discarded into the trash it goes
jiana yassin : that update is just awesome....i alway try to take screenshots for the beautiful scenes in the game and u just added the photo mode
a google user : it is a great game to kill time. plus..u can do sick tricks.
a google user : guys when you are upset you really should play this game . i will not tell you why. just try it .
brandon plante : this game was great! finally unlocked every character and it was worth it! didn't pay anything out of pocket and enjoyed it a whole lot!
james nielsen : this game is one of the best games i have ever played. well done on your achievement
emily xu : the graphics are great and the zen mode is relaxing. a great game to play if u want to unwind + chill out.
shobhit 70 : bhaukaaali game h ye download avashya kere i mean to say very pathetic & adventurous game is this
geetanya : i tink day de title was enough....niggya tis mobile gyame is reallyea awasom.... tink dat dis description is legible
parth khanna : 506 what should i do.
nadia nur : this is the most relaxing and amazing game i've ever played. seriously,the graphics is fantastic.the music just soothes your heart and brings out a bloomy aspect.aesthetically the game is gorgeous.hope you'd like this also...
s buck : stupid just kidding i tricked u its april first i love the game
pablo damasceno : app freezes after title screen.
maranjoelis martinez : i love this game really relaxing music calm and sleepy when you hear it to much still love it releases stress
avinash sai : but the installation of the game is strucked in between .so;plz check the prblm
james pace : this game is soooooo boring!but thats my opinion and i dont know about u
a google user : i thought that it was a bad game but when i installed it was beyond expatation thank u noodle cake for this game i am waiting for alto's adventure season 2
brian larsden : better than average game that's very, very simple. might get boring.
abhishek joshi : i've been waiting for this to come out for android for month's
gwiyom_lid : i love the sounds and the effects. this game is calm and even works without wifi!
a google user : i play this game waayyyy to much but i never stop because it's compelling
thahseen judas : i almost get lost in the world of loneliness with this music. what a great application. keep it up development team.
mrgr33d yt : i really like this game if i can rate 100 star it would be great!!
terry cobb : i love lama's so i hate running over lama's game sucks to many fricking ads
ashmuryode : need to pay for unlocked new character ? really ? i recently play these
game on pc using windows 10 already unlocked 4th character no need to pay
at all just reach the goal only...no need to pay...play these game is more
fun on smartphone but if you want free character download from microsoft
store...download game for free get all character for free
megh kumar bafna : i don't even understand how people like this game
a google user : i fill bad because i didnt discover this game earlyer :-d
a google user : i hate this game how can you just put a hill and a skateboard it supposed
to be adventurous put some poles put some trees to jump over not like this
this is just boring just make people don't want to buy games or download
just look at the sunset does that make sense just one minute and it goes so
i can take this please try to change your game because i don't like it i
don't like it please put this up and i can give a thumbs up
trippsy : i played the little demo thing on the iphone 6 display at the atnt store for 5 minutes and i looked it up on my iphone 4 and you gotta pay but i can get it free for android from noodle cake studios!
a google user : it is so relaxing and smooth it makes me happy and calm whenever i'm mad, get this game!
sensui : i love the new zen mode and i can tell there was a lot of love and thought that went into making this. you guys are awesome and i'd take a class on how to make an app from your team just so i can receive you wisdom and feed off that passion!!
ritvik prakash : good graphics, nice gameplay, soothing effect and amazing scenery. overall calming game.
louie : the downfall of this game is it a bit samey
geer boggles : crashes after logo splash screen every time.
a google user : sushmasagar i purchased a product named datawind tablet but we can't receive updates and i know you were going out with my baby and then you
joachim : nice graphics and music, otherwise boring same concept like many other games
maulana sd : the soundtrack was good, the gameplay too. but you need times to collecting
all characters, 8/10
gameing tulunadu : potential different types of the day, i have been in the next couple of weeks, so i can be seen by the time of booking, i have to go to the right to
pramesh sherla : error 921 i want to play fix this
things n stuff : very beautiful game its simple but very entertaining to play.
h u h : i bet you devs had alot of creativity and ideas for this game, and it came out as a beautiful reality of imagination
a google user : llama jumped off edge of clif that's a suicide
terry dactyl : the first time i played it was at an apple store on one of the ipad pros, after that, i got so addicted and decided to get it on my device! great game!!
jequille singosemito : this game keeps me busy if im bored i really like it
vishal khand : i have played this game almost 1 year ago and it is best game to play after smoking weed
a google user : i play this a lot when i'm waiting at like the doctor's office, etc... very fun game and the art style is beautiful.
taron klatt : dude when i first saw this game i thought it would be good but it was better than i could of imagined.
cho guixian : very pleasing and enjoyable. i truly love the music, it kinds of stress relief.
john carlos : very unique.you've done a great job in this game and i'm only 11 years old so this is my kinda game !
a google user : the same as last night and was wondering what the hell you have to go to
last year and a big deal but i don't have to do the same time and i am a
bit more time to do the same time and i am a bit more than a year or so i
will send you a call me at all and i am not sure what you think about the
number of people that have been working on a card for my records for the.
a google user : uninstalled due to ads. it's a shame because i really enjoyed playing it.
paul talbert : crashes on open, no longer runs on my acer tablet
rudrak de : i won't say that this game is not bad but it looks that something is missing otherwise good graphics and nice logic
arani datta : superb game ...a must play ...very soothing..just see the issue that after
downloading and connecting to google play you dont get back ur saved game
aftet redownloading it...it'll be very useful if u can sort this prob.
ster : totally can't stand just wanna die
laissa : it was so good and that graphics were amazing but after a while, my tap button wouldn't work and i couldn't jump
tomek eames : you said that you had fixed the black screen bug!
random dude : beautiful music, great graphics, simple but fun controls. i can't recommend
this game enough! well done to the devs!
vijay singh : graphics are really good . and it seems an ios app and pls add front flip waiting for update
op gaming : alto's adventure is so beautiful and the music is so calm and downloading it was the best choice i made in a long time
malae shaw : if you have a samsung tablet do not download! i can't even play it because
every time i try to play it comes up with a screen that says something like
"sorry alto has stopped" of "game unavailable at this moment.
a google user : this is my favorite game but i dont know why i can't play this anymore the update ruin it i hope i can play it in asus zenfone
akshat jagga : nothing new, same old boring concept
anastasia korsun : just the black screen at start with music and nothing else...
vee : it has got calming graphics but besides that the game gets really boring.
a google user : this app is the one to be on every single device! but when i try to watch an ad to get gold, it dosnt work! plz fix this bug!
android17-gamer27 hunter1397j : my iphone this game cost money! very disappointing, therefor i will rate
the lowest i can. stop charging for this game!
i'm nirvana : evey time when i uninstall it after someday i came playstore to intstal it again
dayton brix : the game deserves 5 but playing on 20 fps sucks
leanne : wow i'm crying.... this is the awesome app i've ever played all apps that i've download is very bad but this. ... urghhhh so great pls make updates so we could play more but all of this options of the game is 100% good job!!
zach gaming : it's so cool i love it it's so beast mode
jeshua pituello : the thing is that you can enjoy a simple game in a simple time without getting to much in the game and away from the world.
mreegank sinha : i collected 7,500 coins to buy wingsuit but whenever i use it the game restarts i am disappointed
jeff washington : its a really great game loved the first one ... just one problem when your
surfing the wall it distorts the sound and slows game play a little
craig lopresto : the design is great but it is hard to see obstacles due to the low light of the backgrounds.
kirkland : the game is great. it has awesome graphics, and runs smooth on the sg mega
kexlar and son : terrible. all i saw was just a load screen that lasted forever. unimpressed
rachit verma : awesome game.liked zen mode a lot.the beautiful soundtrack is very relaxing and soothing
broadie mooney : i played it be for but i have no room on my phone so i couldn't get the app
npm install skills -g : played it two times because i didn't have cloud setup the first time. love this game
dg danigo : i can even say anything this game actully perfect+
despina k : it was a very addictive and very entertaining game. but eventually u have
to take a break from it.
dancan atonya : at least put a mode where by after one has completed the task another task loads on automatically as you continue,without quoting to enter another level,eg look at temple run tasks load automatic. otherwise its awesome
mahbooba akhter : simply put, it's awesome
kayden lye : i got so addicted to it the first time playing and haven't stopped since
siddaraj siddaraj : it will take a shower then i'll come over to the gym today and tomorrow night and sweet potato fries and a half day tomorrow and then we can get the money to pay the bills are you doing tonight and tomorrow at the moment and i will have to do with the family is so much
zedra zilo : overall, this game is just clean. it's very challenging. the graphics are crispy and the game itself is very smooth.
aaaa aaaa : hate the fact that we have to click on rocks to avoid it. it obscures our vision.
ajeet shankar : time killing app. battery drains a lot. while playing this particular game
nurulheyreeshah 8 : first time i download this app is feel not to fun, but when i play it,it's more fun than i thought
milind chaudhari : this is one my fev8 game.. very nice music in there.. thankx for this game... i recommend use headphone while u playing this game
jj's packet : not bad but after about a week the game get's boring.
a google user : thus game ... is ... it just has good graphics and you can skid on rope in possible. and check out may youtube channel its zemonster44 pls.
zodia creek : this game so stupid because you can't even make it over the jump
a google user : this game has no variety and the only objective makes this game a grind.
alpha sativa 420 : i love this game! it is very relaxing, beautiful music, and the sunset omg it is so amazing i don't see why this game can't be a five star.
biviana biviana : it's a game that makes people have fun playing with no matter how many
times you fail.
aman nagarkoti : not better than ski safari (both games have similar concepts)
a google user : got too annoyed with night mode, so uninstalled after 5 mins.
debangshu 777 : it makes u feel so relaxed and take away ur stress,perfect
rahul joshi : really simple game with nice music and lovely layout. really good for spacing out.
noman : this game is a great adventure.. took me 2 years to complete it in and off..
arindam bhattacharjee : boring game. you have to restart it again n again if you stuck somewhere.
jo sana : many of the games simply giving boring in few days...but this game does not give me bore...simply alto has longliness
rollowi : great time killer. love it. i usually play it on the school bus, so time passes more quickly. graphics, gameplay amd controlls are top notch. great work!
houssam eddine : trust me , it's the first time that i love a "game" , it is more than a game , and it makes me feel happy , 7 stars from me :d
arrianna tamayo : so much fun and addictive. the way it is being played is the best one i found. fantastiko!
shwing flam : this is just a masterpeice it's art in the form of a game i often find
myself making stories based off the setting of this game
sean-patrick moyo : i really love this game.....never gets boring and my best addiction....
really relaxing to an extent l forget all my stress....though it would be
nice if there were more modes in the game instead of just one, that is zen
de nguyen : 11/10 ign but not really but 11/10 cause fun and addictive
emilia r. : i used to play this game in all the phone stores, it was always on displayi also just fell in love with the game.
katie a. : this game is amazing and gorgeous. there's a bug with double back flipping that, even when i've taken my finger away, it keeps backflipping. also a mute button would be nice. other than that it's completely amazing.
tasdid fayed : loved the zen mode and the whole concept of it. great time killer and very relaxing. the graphics is dope too!
elizabeth solorzano : in all honesty, this game is probably the best game i've ever played. the graphics and controls are amazing.
beyonce dike : it is very relaxing and calm, and i especially like zen mode. but it was great how they added a story mode as well. definitely recommend it!!!
inam ur rehman : very good graphics very addictive and a game that you will alway whan you are bored
awesomenessgamer 2828 : i live it good traffics really fun addicting this is a 100/10 i love it plz reply
gopal shukla : ilike this game but not that much whatever i am giving this game 5 stars that much
jeevan shetty : truly awesome game if you think should i download please don't think download it never seen before such game
sourabh patwa : best game! beware : you may get addicted
dude hanyo : best game i ever played when i don't have internet,damn it i love it so much
game striker : nicee finishing of the game well done team members plzz brings more new
update to have more fun in game
kevxngotbandz : whenever i play it it makes me chill like yo it's so good and relaxing
me mahim : this game is addictive and awesome . i like this update . we got characters
. please add more characters and add gadgets or power ups. please add these
in next update .
a google user : this game is really fun plz make more but with weapons and cool enimie obstacles to kill
steve anderson : fantastic. after a while you just forget about the score and live in the present.
eddy gonzalez : i really like this game! headphones recommended! its so beautiful! those who rated this app 4 or less stars should be ashamed of them selfes!!!!
angelo soriano : what the problem.. i give 5 star but i cant play
ryan baux : you snowboard down a mountain dodge rocks and do backflips...
tiffany geary : omg i loved this game its probably one of those apps i will never get rid of!
adrian camacho : i really hate it because it loads to long when it is installing
kavita suri : hey i am parth loved this game but it downloads very slow
rachel walker : i think its very boring maby not to u
mohona banerjee : the music along with the graphics always helps me unwind after a long time
parker mccall : i love this game. it's endlessly calming and helps to cheer me up a little whenever i play it
sean : i just love it. it has great graphics and is easy to play. i think that you should add airtime for points, though.
shinobi_aki_. : i love it but one thing pls when is alto's odyssey coming out
rg : i loved the music, the relaxing feel and the snow forest, best game i have ever tried.
faq with k. r : really bogus n waisting time mind f**king game
t&a b : awesome graphics. boring game after 5 mins.
dany guy : nice came, but it's a free copy of ski safari. whole game based on donate,
no free or game money content
niraj prakash : i cannot beleive its a game or a miracle. i just cannot say it it awsomely amazing we cannot just we just live this game its ...... its its amazingly awsome
humble truth : the only thing that can get better is add something after the level 51 (once you unlock all the characters there's isnt much to do) but its a really zen and pretty game
tasnema tarannum : i have downloaded it multiple times because i love it so much! however my
skills are not so impressive so i get stuck and eventually give up. but
then i see it again, and download it again, because it's absolutely amazing!
a google user : it's a really good game. i love it. and i don't think you'll be disapointed
if u install it
joshua pavlovic : i haven't even played it yet and yet i give it 4 stars. why? because the design looks awesome i hope that when i play it it will be worthy of 5 stars.
ranadheer rapelli : such a nice game and the popular thing is that music.and we wanna leave in that place feelings .
farooq rahu : really love this game paly every night before sleep ,kindly also add new themes.
avi love : complete package of edict i on . and , relaxing game when connected to headphone
happy stone : a demo should be provided for each obstacle how u can cross that, it took my time to figure out the features of game to cross them......for example that chaser who chases you is much faster than u and sometimes low speed of urs makes impossible to cross the gap.
eric wong : love the music, but i keep getting flung into rocks constantly.
four twenty 420 : its one of the most greatest graphics game...i try to play this game in every day.
ansal s : i think when we play this game our bored time can avoid
martin kloos : difficult to see the rocks so kept crashing into them
slavyan bojinov : i have been waiting for this game to come out forever
amritangsha dey : the game is too good.. cant explain but, its a kind of stress-free game and its background music seems to be like very sad.. its the best game i have yet played!!
ahildev m : while i am playing still it shows unfortunately game stopped how to resolve
diane leslie enojado : this game is soooo refreshing and new! if there are more cliche it'll surely become an exciting and interesting game. keep up the good work and thank you for creating this creative game!! i love it!!
eduardo gapuz : the game is fun.. and nice game to kill time while waiting for my teacher hehehe
varun goel : breathtaking visuals, immersive gameplay. and oh my god that soundtrack! this app is sheer brilliance :)
kevin vergara : it is so addictive u cannot stop playing it a really fun and cool game
dusan petkovic : i have trouble with your stupid tutorial when i have to jump over that cliff or something i dont have enough speed so i cant jump over it and i just keep dying like an idiot fix it please.
karan risbud : the graphics are good, and the threats n stuff are also good but gameplay is not that good i guess u can add more features in it like more additional and exciting movement
markskelebone _ : amazing music + beautiful graphics = one of the best games ever you've
really outdone yourselves noodlecake
mayank bajaj : it's a total copy of ski safari which was launched 4 years before
a google user : nice looking game for casual gamers becomes boring quick.
sangeeta hari : worst game ever played ... what kind of game is this it has normal places to travel and we can only jump ... it's no fun to play at all i expected a better from this game
a google user : this is a great game. but for paz you can't do a flip. i suggest that you can upgrade the flip speed of paz in the shop
artemio segarino : thank you who made this game is soooooooo relaxing when you play with the beautiful music. thanks man i u
gurleen : its a really fun game but i really suck at jumping over rocks as i notice them too late and i am constantly wiping out. or i might just suck at jumping.
sebastiano poggi : i can't help going back to ski safari though, this is basically the same game
cheree newton : it has beautiful graphics, nice gameplay and it is fun. games normally have 2 of those.
6242 safiullah shaikh : this game was awesome. i have no words to describe it .you must install.
aisha naseem : just love it, can't stop playing it
zahid hasnani : in stage 43 after wingsuit activation, it closes automatically. fix it soon or i am gonna uninstall it
a google user : this is very special to me and i love this game coz it is simple and unique
.. catching ur running reindeers
dam 425 : if i could rate a zillion stars, i would. but 5 is the limit, sadly
ritik gupta : it's a very nice game for all ages, very interactive interface, music is all gone n relaxing, probably the best game i have ever played....
stix : its one of those games where its not action packed but its still an amazing game!
harpinder kaur : his background is very great but it's missions is very difficult can you
make it easy
douglas reid : get an error code 11. contacted developers and no response
sunil jadhav : it is one of the greatest android game i ever played.. no lags. runs very smooth and fine
cookie dough bro : it was lit and fun. got everything in the game. its boring now though.
a google user : very nice graphics this is the best game in the world i think so and no one can over take this game lovely...
romina lb : its garbage. its exactly likew a por version of subway surfers
siva sankar : but, the achievement word is not understandable.
mainul hoque : i just lovvvve ir... coz my old good memories is been stuck wit it... love it
inessa rulli : this is the best time killing game i've played. seriously i'm not lying. get it.
synergy shadow : i think that overall it was a great game playing as alto and it was just my go to game on a sad day like today
yousef chowdhury : no words can describe how good this game is.. absolutely perfect!
a google user : unable jump across chams no matter what you do... from to day night
guy drake : got really addicted to this..great fun and no ads had to uninstall ad it is so addictive lol
stephen king : all i get is the apparently fixed black screen after the title page
owen mcclure : simple and fun. could use some more features though, a little more depth to keep you playing.
natasha ruth : the game is awesome it's just the ads that ruin it
amish kapadia : it is fun game for those who just want to kill the time out
arthur hernandez : i haven't played it but people say that its a great game so gonna try it out
likhith rohan : it may seem like a childish game but awesome to play
bhagyshree tiwaskar : song is good everything is ok but after playing 4 to 5 time it is just boring
traci hawkins : all bugs fixed game is way better amazing graphics and character's
pradhyuman badoni : you helped me to reduce my exam stress
a google user : great game! game play and graphics are wonderful. challenges are just difficult enough to not just be a breeze through game, but not to out of reach. keeps you playing! i'm sad it's over!
styxz : i have a friend named alex but we call him alto, he's a pretty cool fella
vamp : i guess m in love with this game the zen mode is awsm jst love wnjoying the game pleasuring my me time
mark z : after this update everytime i play i have to click the screen then a second later my character moves. please fix this
mrs. ranta : this is such a beautiful game! its offline too.i have had this game on
three different devices with a choice in which games i wanted to keep and i
chose this one.its a happy and pretty game!
evie burger : beautiful graphics and easy controls! lovely game, i can't stop playing it!
k spook : i liked this game until it broke down on me! but when it did work, i liked it.
armaan singh : never played it but it's garbage and a waste of storage 5 stars fully
deserved
kammyclues : this game was always one of my favorites because it was so calming and fun,
i really like this game and i hooe you do too!
masmajor 13 : it's fun but i hate that the elder chases you .
john mivule- novabow : great game add a battle mode a multiplayer mode and a custom character changer. in addition new maps to snowboard on.
jaxon gray : by far the most relaxed game in the world! the best laid-back game ever! i absolutely love zen mode!
a google user : very very very addictive because of it's randomly generated map or you c
ould say alto's adventure.
a google user : it was fun to unlock the characters and complete the levels. but there wasn't much to do after that. waiting fo the odyssey.
a google user : sooooo boring but it was a great time playing.(no end to it)
e hg : would never open. just crashes at title screen. do not get.
animesh singh : awesome game. great music. need some work in the gameplay and hurdles. overall a must play.
a google user : its free have too many features.this game is stunning,awesome,great.i have thousand of good words about dis game
sahil saha : the graphics are super and sound effects are great. i love to play the game.
ram mohanty : amazing graphics, beautiful musical score, and just a great game in
general. really looking forward to alto's odyssey.
harsh rana : hoping that it would come up to be a great game.
landon smith : it is kinda hard when you first play but it will tell you what to do
thrasher raccoon : breathe taking visuals and minimal art style make alto's adventure my new favorite stress reliever. the game play is so simple yet keeps me coming back for more! awesome work!
adrians : awesome! i just love it! graphics are the best and even if there is any bugs, i know that they will be fixed. keep up the good work! :)
thirupathi rao : i am not understanding how to jump over big gaps please give some clarity about this please
erwin manik : the game is gorgeous, but when i want to play it the second time, it just stay in black screen and then crash,.. please fix it, i love the game and i really wanna play it again..
joe : played it once around 2013 in an apple store. forgot the name. just found it. so happy
itzinthefridge : soothing and relaxing, relieves me from stress of this world
avinash mahajan : this is the only game for which i felt like writing a review. amazing music man! graphics are on point. most relaxing game ever. it is a must have game!
saif khan : influence in the game fully... this gameplay can give you happiness amezing music feelings
a google user : im not even playing it but because of the reviews i download it vnd give a five star hope it didn't dissappoint me
rahmir fields : i wish that you could do more flips but still i give it 5 stars
al yu : its amazing games, really worth for killing time without getting really
addicted and the music is have a calm yet adventurous tone
suyog patil : very addictive game. get in flow with the music and animation of this game's world. loved it '
lenovo asixkplus : i am able to sign in but the achievements aren't getting updated. is someone else facing the same issue?
ben lee : i give 5 star because there's only 5 star for us to rate , this game is just 9000 out of 10
supreme. pump : because the way tht u can do flips back flip any kind of flips u want
vignesh nan : i hate the pop-up messages coming in between, it's really irritating
madhav mantry : nice and easy. nice graphics. finished the game. pls get new updates and more challenges
bijoy sarma : the game play is not that good.but i rate it 5 stars .awesome game
xoyaze baduwal : very relaxing.. loved it... i played it few months ago although i don't
have it now but it is really amazing game and a great time killer ..
anboo 51 : hey producers any chance you can make another game of alto maybe put
multiplayer in it and add more characters. btw one of the greatest games i
have ever played
king do - si - dose : i downloaded this but when i went to play it it never passed the title screen
bhuvanesh bablu : this is one of the awesome game but this game need a some hard adventures... the background of this is really good and more attractive
k : you can't beat this the art style is awesome best game ever
yahya : this is a visually stunning game and is lots of fun to play. i have found no problems with this game
27. subhradeep dutta : the most peaceful game i have ever played. believe me, it helps a lot to
get stressfree.
nitish mehndiratta : the best thing about this game i found is the soundtrack. it felt very soothing to me and perfect for the game. but what annoyed me most is that controls are very glitchy. after playing 10-12 games in a row, the jump control stops working.
jodie smallman : i've played it before but hadn't played all the levels but i'll check it out anyways
a google user : the first time i had to play with it there a time for the delay i had to go there plz find attached the first
john ulahanan : this game is something i really love it its graphics and also his movement physics has attracted me thanks editor's choice and also that zen mode of yours is great
kadel comper : there ciuld be more things like upgrade jumps but straitforward its great
a google user : oh yeaaaa. i just loooove the zen mode. totally on point, and the music is just wonderful. what is it actually? i'd like to listen to it while i'm falling asleep.
jaedon dixon : very addictive and i love how you just perform amazing tricks with the click of a button. somtimes i play for hours
achan ramung : it would be nice to change the apps icon. i think most people luk at the icon before downloading or checking it out
mikias mulugeta : guys don't download it because in one section it has the triangle eye for illuminaty so take care with ur life
ying jiun low : nice graphics, check. endless running to kill your time (in the toilet), check. just wish i had more time to play games :)
a google user : really amazing the animations the concept it's really a super game u will love it play it
free slave : every time i play this game i found it so pleasing.it is like giving peace to my mind. it is awesome.
shamir arshad : love it best graphics but we need to more things to do in the game more weapons,tools and maps that will make it a amazing game
oscar riggs iii : it makes me feel like the world isn't even there, and i'm just surrounded by peace
aissatou sylla : this is awesome and i love how they added the elder and we have to run away from him or her
ken chicken : you should do more games like this i'm not kidding holy feces good a perfect game stress reliever
saif ur rehman : i wish u guys can add more maps and some more special skills. because this game is really a good one just need a little more improvements
rajneesh 1997 : nice game with simple game play and nice minimalist theme and super
background track that just keeps us playing.
mkhi muy : love it music is so relaxing and go great with beats also didn't no about the workshop until now so that is a kool experience
amila de alwis : one of the best game i ever played. beautiful graphics, beautiful music. this is very addictive game.
jose flores : when it gets dark you can't see anything, not even obstacles (rocks). also i wish we could tilt the snowboard in both directions when in the air instead of only one.
delores wood : didn't fix the big hanging on black screen and i still have the update
n.n.h.l : most relaxing game i have ever played. there are many running games but this one is most soothing one
a google user : simple but incridible guys its so addictive....fun killing time game
pratham : according to mr world's best game is clash royale and second is our alto
josh bumgarner : don't waste your time. don't say i told you so
eryk stochmal : this game is just supercalifragelisticexpealedocious!!!!!!! p. s. if you add more upgrades and other chatacters and just a whole lot more of everything then the play store will have to create a rating of 6 stars
mouthy : this game sucks!! i fuqing hate it but im giving it a 5star because i feel like it
joben dailisan : i dont likely rate apps but this game very nice game
yosue garcia : this game was awesome no ads whatsoever unless u wanted to revive alto but overall it's a great and addicting game
yuval s : i likedcthe game exept paz the boy that is very slow
danesh fatakia : i discovered it in windows store and got addicted right from the start. great game!
giovanni reyes : if mobile games learn the right direction they can be fun also for people who play often in consoles or pc, and this game gave a good step
bala krishnan : this is the best and feel good game i've ever played...music is breezing my ears
raphael thoo yi xian : great graphics with simple, intuitive control. easy to pick up but hard to put down.
asanat barakat : amazing graphics ,calm music , and great music. this game was well made. and i love the weather it sets the mood.
a google user : definitely should get it, fun and a great game to play if you are bored.
rahul chouhan : its so peaceful to play this, so serene, and its beautiful too. everything works perfectly with it.
aman thapar : nice game to play with good graphics. i can give it 10 stars,if i was able to do so.
tanneeru saikrishna : its really addictive. this is the 1st time i have gave a review for a game. i am very excited
salar jamal : best game ever !!!! this is one of the most wonderful games i've ever played!the scenery and music is perfect,the picture quality is gold,and the game is epic
poopymechs : i love this game for its very calming and simplistic art style with such addictive gameplay
razia aftab : rtherapy the, and i 50th 4 to be able 2 , 5 to get the most of the most important part in the uk, i am a beautiful person 0
jessica ippolito : great game! my boyfriend introduced me to the app and now i'm hooked!!
shaggy subsea : game graphics r simply awesome and background score is soft to hear...i love this game
siddharth sharma : during installation its saying that package file is invalid. please help!
a google user : this game is so cool.it is a relaxing game.so i liked it a lot.i wanted
this type of game and it did not disapoinded me.so ya i loved it
unknowngurhh : dont want to work on my phone it keeps stopping, and not loading , disappointed !
a google user : you will be blown away because of this app. perfect for skateboarders.
jibon kumar saha : well-done . nice game but a little bit boring
pedro's pizza : it is a calming and fluent game. i could play it for hours if my battery didn't lose power.
shelly hamersley : i haven't played the game yet but the art work its just...beautiful. don't mind the 1star people they're just big violence thugs with no inner heart and m for machure games like fallout4 (which sucks by the way).
chris e : considering noodle cake has a hand in it i expected more. pumped is awesome. this is like ski safari. needs actual tricks.
madeleine marshall : i love this app so much.it is very good and fun to play when you are bord. :p
chicken gamer 56 : it's the smoothest game i played no complaints i has a great plot and love the speed boost
a google user : the best game i've played in a long time. its calm and collected
a google user : i'd recommend this to someone who has free time but doesn't have anything
to do.
james cola : it may just be me, but it still stays on the black screen.
tom rudley : beautiful, simple gameplay which keeps you coming back for more, honestly an incredible game, highly recommended.
nazeer abdul : the game is great but the only problem is ads if there where no ads this game is excellent but plz remove the ads please a request
ptolemy jeffrey : this game has great graphics and has very good gameplay in short 10/10
alex sawchuk : an amazing app, good time killer and so easy to get lost in the game, i definitely recommend it.
i dont like tomatos : no exciting mission btw gameplay features are on but no use as no good mission
lucky#13 : one of the best and most calming games i have ever played. perfect for relaxing while playing a fun game.
riley roo : when it downloads and works, definitely five stars. made a mistake of uninstalling it.
g guenther : could have some more effects and easier levels, like the triple back flip
judy nelson : such a beautiful and calming game.its offline which is a major,awesome plus! i always install alto on all of my devices.thanks for a beautiful,offline game!
rushil gupta : loved this games. completed all the achievements with the constant
enthusiasm and never got frustrated while playing it. and the zen mode is
quite relaxing. thanks for this game noodlecake developers!!!
deane henard hattingh : it's a real nice time killer if u dont have data and want to relax also can get your blood pumping when u challenge friends to there top score over all just awesome
a google user : i think its a really fun game if your bored so yea hi internet
thomas de rivaz : it is pretty and well crafted. just ultimately not much content to keep in my phone after a few runs.
la vapor : this is an excelent indie game that keeps you coming back for more. thats why its my google profile picture.
k : very peacefull, it puts my stress to sleep and its great for quickening time
ramu repalle : seeing this will be interest and graphics are superb .i'm downloading now to play and to rock
rev : this game is simple and amazing. it is easy to understand the controls and the graphics are simplistic.
susan pugh : this game is amazing and addicting the only problem is that there is a bit of lag
sean oden : love the game as a whole... but i hate the elders lol
sash : really love the art style also fun to play when bored good time killer.
aditi singh : it's one of the best. just so relaxing and sometimes i feel like i myself am snowboarding.
a google user : good game i ever play but clash of clans is 1 and this game is 2 . it is true
ashwin jayakumar : gr8 games great graphics great every thing
elijah buckout : this game surprised me, to say the least! didn't expect it to be as fun as it was!
erica vestal : amazingly entertaining, i've caught myself playing for hours. wonderful music, and quite addicting
snehasis biswas_60 : it is better if heard using headphones.it's a great game with cool graphics
essa m. : very relaxing yet challenging at the same time. it's a game i keep coming back to.
joyce lanterman : boring and frustrating. you have to start over every time you wipe out.
connor wolfe : this game is very fun and i can just take it out wherever i am and play some alto's adventure!
samuel wise : i don't understand how someone thought of this amazing game
devin mcgrath : was really soothing when i was in highschool, a good game to play if you're
feeling down
jeannie yerigan : sky do flips jumps and go fast is the best you feel like u are in it
steven freiberg : thinking i have no clue what this game about because,............................. you didn't allow enough time to even scratch my rump before drilling me for a rating? so... here's my educated guess on it! o give it a 2.75 on the wing! meaning at the side of my neck decided not guessing that should play first just in case.. ya think... naw think i'll just drop phone in toilet then you rate how long i can hold my breath before the point of pass out
mithuaku saj : its really having very beautiful sceneries,nostalgia making sorts of beauty it having.. congrats to makers
akshat jhawar : its almost like subway surfers and temple run if you are a fan of subway surfers install it if not don't install it
a google user : great game has some difficult areas on the mountain but good for beginners.
eight november : i rate it 5 star even before playing from reading the reviews i am soo psyched to play the game...
james bowman : it looks like they removed the awful ad on game start and after wiping out. changing review from 1 -> 5! beautiful game, lots of replay-ability!
mansoor ahmad : the best game i ever played. best relaxing game,great relaxer and time
pass, best outcome with handfres
armando_. 4/ 17 / 26 : add new bioms and have first person ,now that would be awesome with same great grapbics.
shubham bhargava : the music is so relaxing just can't stop playing
adelina ordanes : great time killer and the thought put on into the graphics is ah-mazing, but sometimes the controls are a little iffy
mcgod1217 :p : the game before the desert the frozen tundra this games just gives me icy
chills i love it that much!
a google user : ok not good not bad but i was thinking that it should be more interesting
by adding some more interest
nilabh goyal : the all 5 star i gave for the music of game.. best game music and game sound.. very relaxing game sound.. i ever palys and try to do continue for the music
ashvin m : seems there's a problem with tapping to jump and perform tricks on my s6 edge, which means i can't play it much...
liam panlilio : this game is fun and amusing to see alto go after his lamas
andrew kweik : the most amazing game ive played on mobile to date. addictive is an understatement!
a google user : as common as my tablet is they should support it
tony markovich : ads play out loud even when music and sound were turned off
loukit khemka : cannot clear the tutorial.. i have played many games, but this is the first time i was stuck at tutorial.
valid plug : this game is good if you're bored and great music
maleli taukei : its a addicting game it releases your stress,nice game ad it more more realistic.
sidney sinanan : maybe could you add a mode wear you can go against freinds on wifi to see
who can go the further
thufail n k : i liked this game very very much. it's awesome with it's stunning graphics and enhancing gaming. i am expecting more from you like this.
pankaj : ohh...one of the best android games i've ever played. once you start playing this, you'll surely become addicted to it.
wael talkhan : i did not play yet and i rated it hope it will be fun
raul ocampo : whenever you are bored this game will fo the trick
nour dakroub : beautiful game , challenging, and cool , doesn't get you bored of playing 5 star rating totally
s3rp4nts : it's cool and doesn't need much space
elliott housley : i love the charectars they are so cute! and the flips are so much fun!!
arvinder singh : great graphics n gd looking game ever n keep it up designers and come up with more and more games like it
jonathan s : hate it it had to much lag i hate this game worst game ever
henry greenstone : i think it's amazing how this game managed to have extremely simple graphics and still beautiful ones though.
a google user : it is a wonderful game after start playing my life changes
dakshina murthy siddalingaiah : i like the game i would rate it 4 out of 5 and i like when the guy chases
you the guy on a horse or deer
syed tahir ali : i first time download this game this game have good voice and second time
game have not good voice
tulasiramarao notla : its totally awesme game.. and my 1st game that i didnt kept in silent.. graphics and sound are awmse
animesh mishra : i am giving full rating for the art of this game really eye catchy content.
kudos...
thejungle king03 : great game, all and all, i highly suggest it to anyone who is amused easily. is so simple but so much fun.
corey hughes : the design and texture is so beautiful. plus, no lag at all. zen mode is the best
robby yudha phasa : the reason i stop playing this game is because my phone got run over by car
ahnaf tajwar : nothing less than 5 stars. beautiful music and charming graphics. zen mode just adds to the pleasure.
amber lawrence : doesn't load at all. stays on a black screen
king ace : the game is fun not the best i ever played
rick from rick and morty man : very relaxing it has beautiful sights and smooth music.i recommend finding a sound track.im so happy i found this game
georgios tritas : great stuff, got hooked and finished the game within a month
dizzy miss fuckin jon : i love this game and i love playing it, but it glitches like mad after a while, and keeps crashing. please please fix it because i love this game.
anish rises : it is addictive,fun and furious game i loved it d most
andrew : complete crap. i think it used my contacts to advertise itself.
a google user : i think that the game is interesting. and i will have so much of love for
the game. i also like the trailer and the pictures.
subhradip pal : would take you to alto's world... thanks noodlecake for this amazing experience.
madden 2316 : this game is so peaceful. ive played this before and im glad they added zen mode.
a google user : totally awesome i completed all levels it's awesome for refresh your
frustration.
crazy hippo : can't make the chasm jumps and i tap the screen but nothing happens. fix.
a google user : latest version badly broken. models don't load. can't see what i'm doing. sad, i got to label 42. will change rating once fixed
kristopher mts baker : pretty quick money grab. so so game. meh
karim lababidi : this game is really fun. i think more things should be added to for more fun
rochelle kimotho : it is the best game ever just add more things to do
mashhoor mashh : game like all runnuing games but having attractive scenary walpapersssssss...
linda davis : it would have been fun if it helped me get 2the next snowbank instead of allowing me 2crash all the time! and when i wanted 2quit it wouldn't close! so i uninstalled it!
nathan manson : it calms my stress and i am pretty good
anindya brata choudhury : though gets stuck every time i quit the app
blaze toothless : i don't like the google play version of this game because it has ads and in app purchases the amazon app store version doesn't have ads or in app purchases
online user : game is too good, i have one doubt to share with u....when player is crossing a deer then it is counting as one but when player is passing above the deer like jump and cross or through rope... then it is not reading deer....i think it should read this time also....
abram bailey : they took a great concept and killed it with microtransactions.
boomer kaboomer : this game is amazing its really easy to get the hang of and has beautiful music i rate this game 10/10
mckayla rose j : a great time waster and every iny house loves it
steven ahl noay : i used to play this game before,it was fun,i love the physics and other stuff.i already finished the game a year ago but...are u still with your game?i mean you don't give us new update,all new stuff.i hope your reading this:(
o.m boss : this look like amazing but so angry and m3fna
jun xiang sim : this is the game i wanted, it is so relaxing 100% recommended for relieve
stress
james benny : wonderful background music and scenery! this game doesn't bore you at all! best game to pass your time
luirnki : it's really addicting and the music is truly relaxing and the gameplay is
smooth keep up the good work :)
sad song : i love pal he/she breaks the rock lol
khoa pham : it would be more addicting if you provide more stuffs or characters because i bought and upgraded everything whatever, i've waited a long time for it since the first release in ios. congrats!!
kage kaizaa : so peaceful i love it, it's really smooth gameplay, the level objectives are challenging though but it's fun.
themannyzaur : came here because i have invested 70+ hours into and it still amazes me
mark walberg : sounds grate going to play it right now and thanks fo no ads and for have great reviws
halder shoarn : try to add more lights on dark night cause its hard to detect all things on road
a google user : screen light is turning off, and only for this reason i am giving 2 star, in all category.
sgt joshua field : i hope in the next update they make different types of snowboards.
brylle kho : when im bored i will play this game with a very comforting music
ashad hussain : it is beautiful and has fun challenges and you can unlock characters like a
llama and a elder who chases you in the game
mukesh singh : i just love it... it will give u a calm experience u never had before
will pyle : very peaceful and calm, yet very fun. i highly suggest you play with headphones.
iilaughs97ii : the game just keeps crashing pls fix this i open it and it immediately crashes
yash kawle : amazing graphics superb#i was just searching a game like that and i had found it#
poonam snehi : preety cool! can't get bored with this play and rate
akpatil patil : i have not played it till now but iam downloading his game thining it is good game keep it up
vishal jangid : i would like to know in which engine you have developed this game. thanks
tirtha nag : the zen mode is the best feature of this game...it makes you relax.....and the sound makes your mind calm and steady
jerly louis : this one is perfect. the music is awesome and i feel like it is my own journey while maneuvering alto .
mochi : it's honestly a masterpiece. i highly recommend this game if you love endless runners.
hemant kirar : the most amazing sound experience, graphics and gameplay...and the wind
whisper wishper sound really good...best game ever i have played.
veronica burke : great game. would love if there was an option to pay to remove ads entirely.
linneth l. : this a fun game for people of all ages, so you and your family can play it.
wenzel arjunan : i love the music the most awesome game can't wait for more like it. go alto
amitdyuti : graphics are too good. only felt that it is somewhat similar to temple run. but it has it's own charm. loved the game.
phillip rossignolo : its calm and slightly addictive and always has new challenges and goals, and nice visuals
alexander rodriguez : game didnt work on my phone lg optimus f6
gerardo kantle : it's good for a mobile game. repetitive gameplay, but what can we expect? it's beautiful and quite fun. would rather pay for it because the ads just killed it. too many ads. got tired of them and uninstalled.
barnith das : very beatifully designed game. after an exhaustive day all i need r my headphones and this game to play.
ahmad ghazali : this is an amazing game. i love every bit of this game. i stunned once again with this amazing game
mackenzie : i love the music and the simplicity of the game. it's very peaceful and has a cuteness to it! :^)
philip moss : i love this game, and visuals and the timeless ambiance really draw me back to this game time and time again.
lamnganba rajkumar : i have not played yet but i am going to enjoy
mariam elias : it was stupid
arnab ghosh : i got some problems and the first chapter is not increasing
david lazcano : it suck it is also boring n needs to fix the bugs
kaia gharehchelo : find it funny one of their played games has worse graphics
sanjaya krishna j : but a small doubt how do you catch llamas while skiing
devendra pednekar : the touch doesnt work after the tutorial is ended once
jeremy ouano : fun to play, great graphics, althought tasks can sometimes be difficult.
getlive ramon : you will be amazed by its amazing graphics and gameplay
gahan k b : pretty good game to play when one is bored studying and during free time
jifthepeanut ilikejif : i got real mad at the game once and i punched and broke my tablet screen
the tap and the jump where delayed
sarim raza : this is the best game ever,the graphics are amazing and the music is stunning, thank for the amazing game
a google user : well i like it btw its fun and its going faster too and pls there is
multiplayer for freind and help out pls ;)
minjune seo : annoying how u cant see the rocks clearly.
ram sandeepnaidu : woow what a game i never seen at any where iam not installed because it is not installing this game ok its better game
swalih 001 : i like it. because you guys have nice background music , sounds and good graphics.
alwin joseph : just played it. loved it. i would recommend to everyone. who cares about ads. it's fun as heck. only one thing. add powerups
surbhi kohli : this game is really amazing and good.......jumping and collecting coins is fun but i hate ads coming plz remove ads
deepu shibu : awesome game to bust your stress and have some kickass back flipping time.
sourav chakraborty : man i like the visual... thanks to the designer or the team.. and also the the sound effects.. it feels like working with adobe illustrator..
its ya boi676 : quick tip turn on airplane mode to stop ads from playing so you don't have to purchase ad blocker
coolpro : omg this is so good we need more games like these
srinivas mulpuri : nothing new but games got some good visuals
anna ferenc : best game i've played in a long time. i have already redownloaded it and played it again.
patrick mckeen : this game is very nice and relaxing. it's simple to play, but it doesn't get boring. the background music is perfect, especially for zen mode. if you're feeling down, or want to relax, i highly recommend this game.
lolabraham 1 : outstanding. this game has great music and graphics. i downloaded it because i saw gamingwithmolt play it
kristine ramos : amazing graphics and music. very relaxing too especially the zen mode. keep up the good work
alexandra hughes : this game has the right amount of aesthetically pleasing and almost like a platform game kinda? the music fits it very well and is very calming. love it through and through
intisar hamed : i've played this game before and it was soooo cool i liked it very much and the song made me cry
marc g : really loved this game. fun gameplay, great visuals. also it has a really chill endless mode. a+
bhanu dhiman : this game is one of the best games i have ever played! cool gameplay , excellent concept, excellent graphics and above i salute the developers , creators, editors and all team for making this great game . more love to you !!
kapil deo yadav : its awsome ,but please add some more awsome things to buy, like boost!
shivani wadhwa : a great game good work by noodlecake. great graphics but still couldn't understand the elder thing.......
kapish sachdev : copy cat but good game
a google user : extremely addictive with an amazing art style that i never get bored of.
ive owned this game for about a year not and show no signs of uninstalling
dre strenge : the game downloads but it says invalid package file. i have plenty enough space, it might be my phone but i've tried everything i could do.
jinold george : awesome music and really enjoyable gameplay. somehow this game gives kinda nostalgia strange isn't it.
sara bergersen : i thought alto was a flying mouse from the icon picture, then finally
downloaded. great game.
abhi abhi : waste of balance waste of time waste of battery
mone peterson : just let me pay five bucks for a version that doesn't make me have to watch videos of games i'll never order. is that so hard?
swagat panda : just as i was enjoying it so much, it went for an update, nd next thing i know i lost all my progress.... you lost me there.
xalanth : this isn't a game, this is art. a true masterpiece. just try the zen mode and thank me later.
aritra mondal : very very good game.,it is one of the best game in my all games i had played.
lardex man : it has an amazing art and good potential but the game play isn't all that
great
samuel huang : got to level 60 in the game. it was fun throughout. does not require
internet either.
kenziecat 13 : this game has some good graphics but awful gameplay
oscar coomber : this game made my head blow off at its quality and concept.
alida arabelle : i just love this game. it's so calm and serene. the music and background is awesome.
mehedi hossain : when i play this game i feel i'm surfing own. the music is just mindblowing. i think it is the best game i ever played...
nathan battle : this game is calming and the graphics are simple and pretty. it is
addicting and a nice time passing game without alot of action.
akshat apurva : this game has superb graphics. day-night feature is too awesome. just i love it.
mayank agarwal : its awesome game,i like it and full adventure game and people can play this game in free time
mridula gouniyal : excellent graphics , challenging, a great time killer , i really really love this game very much
karay phillips : i'm willing download the game, it will work for the first few rounds but then when i try to jump a rock, it will let me jump!! plz fix
lemon y : i actually need to play this game before going to sleep thank you devs. keep up the great work
a google user : beautiful design. great score. eagerly waiting for alto's odyssey on
android which from the looks of it is even better
dr. tanuja nautiyal : absolutely stunning graphics, easy-to-learn game play. possibly one of the best games i've ever played.
erikas gatinas : live this game really addictive, smooth and nice music <3 quests fairly hard and the game itself is really entertaining
kurt collier : another boring runner game in an over saturated market. uninstalled.
andy : it has a good story line,great scene and graphics for this type of script and it's addicting.
esther neradt : i wish it would let you gather speed better. i can't do the flip right,
even when i go down a huge hill! how can this be?
ashwin : a great game to pass the time and the visuals are really pleasing to look at and has an sweet soundtrack as well.
smash boss vlogs : love it that's all i have to say cuz i'm speechless
tripti ganguly : the game is very good it almost works with my all phone graphics are great good game to be played but for a hardcore gamer this game is not good
will be : the entire experience is like eating a soft, sweet custard pudding. gorgeous, smooth, relaxing, i could go on forever.
martin charles : this is one of the few games which does fremium well. also, the graphics are gorgeous.
neyonne osoro : this is the worst game the creator should charged with stupidity
jermerious king : i was alto i would do the same things he did
polla fattah : the only game that i will play when i stressed out
julia zachwieja : i love this game i actually discoverd it in a phone shop and i loved i recomend it and you to give it 5 stars.
peter volkman : this is my favorite game. the artwork and the soundtrack in this game is unbelievable. it is the best i have ever seen
sahil bose : going to be the first thing that i want to get back from the team
tim junior : boring and dull all you do is snowboard down a hill
a google user : gud game but it will be boring after 1 month
captaink'nuckles : i do not love his graphics and it is booooooooooring
chennaiah : not a nice game no good graphics
keshav tibrewal : nothing to say its the best game ever playes by me
caleb mccallop : this game always gets me through bored times
om diwan : no words for this game best among spme of my games
artree gilmore : i hated it so much ull hate it too
cecilie schwerin : lack of levels and upgrades but overall a good game
alexander tordilla : but the longer you play the boring it gets
anusree anu : there is no way we can control its speed
chris attwood : crashes right after the initial splash screen
walter ratchford : vary repetitive not much fun
luke c : basically a rip off of ski safari but worse
thomas abraham : not good editors choice was bad enough to even choose
hellblazer : they look like minions without goggles and overalls
derrick mickasko : signed into to google play now the game just crashes
jensen mackley : great game. only trouble is it can glitch out on me.
l sankari : character changing opts;different animals and various countries should be added
perry jackson : i really love this game the graphics, the music, the players, etc. but i think there should be an update where u can customize your own character and choose a snow board that helps you through the game like (flip faster, faster speed, etc) then this game would be reallyyyyyy epic!! please take my idea into consideration!!!
mc joecyl bril : it's really cool, love the passing of time, change in weather and day. love the game
avijit mallick : most beautiful and soothing scenes and music...stress bursting game
ajith kumar : best game it has good graphics and easy controls. just tap to control and backflip
aasis rizal : i liked the simple one-touch layout which is pretty much impressive, and yes the 2d graphics are incredible.
debasish ghosh : i read all the reviews and then gave it 4 hope so it'll be a fine game
shivji mishra : the music and art are awesome.love the game cause it provides adventure and relaxes the mins
shehateskaikai : yjugt fghbfh guru uhh bankof a sudden i am not 50th anniversary 67tynvc of
dimatulac, jeric roy g. : addicting game.the only thing that i dont understand is the game is cool but why is the reason of him skiying is for his llamas but loved it good game too no ads!!
ty king : happy i would be a zombie and still play this case it's so happy.
anish kotecha : the game is so soul soothing that it actually makes you smile from within. it makes me calm and i really like the feel and calmness while playing the game. put on the headphones, relax and just enjoy the adventure!!
silviu georgian : overhyped. the gameplay is very basic and not interesting.
soyaboy damitawa : it relieves my stress and a good time killer
manraj 360 vidz : nice game best fraphics and moreover best game if us play offline .i love this game muaahlol
keenu baunthiyal : i want more games like this i. love it its cool b) the sound is soo relaxing :v just a quick suggestion at night time it's very hard to see :)!!
jesse kieser : i absolutely love this game i can't stop playingin
filip talpa : uninstalled for requesting way too many permissions
the revelations : it's so relaxing, it gets my mind off things
ayushman anand : those places looks so real. this is a magic of great graphics. nice job guys
nishchay : the game has good graphics and the music is also calm.best way to relieve stress.very cool and calm game.the new zen mode is the best feature in this game.really pleasant........nice work.
jintu barman : the most beautiful game i have ever played.. the music is so soothing and the game play is just awesome. .
a google user : in brief the game is very nice. and such a soothing music i have never heard.
ruru : it's very great. i would recommend this game to others because its very easy.
mack zoeller : it's too hard to see at night
t vijay : best game . don't have words to say and the music is awesome.
a google user : i love the art style and peace in this game, just plug in my headphones and play this for an hour or two
remington ifill : amazing i never rate games but this game is so well made and not a pay to win game
muhammad khizr ansari : i think that this is a great game it has all the features and small details without having you to play it constantly you play it just to pass your time and with a relaxed mind (unlike other games that give you the headache to complete or upgrade to play or go further)
dilip rajpurohit : it really awesome and lovely playing game pls add more features in this
game.love you team alto
mani balaji : one of the best games i have played, late review though. i have completed it months back.
makans : i have never seen before like this coooooool
shaikh jaker : most adventure game ranking but this difficult time game
sarah desantos : fun game. its a good time waster and has a calming effect
brayson carr : haven't played it yet but i think its going to be a good game
shahed miah : beautiful graphics with wonderful colour palette and a good physics model. however flawed as continuety is ruined with the 'watch video' uninstalled after 3 games. pity.
heru setyono : you should add the power bar! give the player second chance to forward their journey, please!
satin : an amazing art style but gameplay gets a bit repetitive
golzer hossain : absolute best android experience nothing to say, nothing to complain, only love and respect that you guys made it.
rajiv dadke : a great game with no irritating background music which allows you to keep
calm while playing.
zack joseph : it's perfect in almost every sense but avalanches should be added
banglish man : relaxing this game is really relaxing game.graphics,gameplay,music quality
is really wonderful .skiving over the snow,the sunset,the sunrise is
awasome.
arvind ramteke : awesome the game is too good.i am satisfied. the game did not lack it so nice game in my mobile
blood gaming : this game i love but its a little bit lag
rishav gupta : playing out on my asus zenfone 2,the graphic are awesome
a google user : simple gameplay and missions making it a very entertaining time consumer, and very beautiful graphics for a mobile game.
buck king : the only thing you need to fix is the bord every thing else is amazing
dhiren thapa : good but after some time become boring in few days
felipe lube de braganca : the ads ruined the experience of the game. also lags!
asdeep kumar chhetri : a very simple game but very addictive. i love the challenges.. more challanging more addictive.....
chicken briyani : very good game there is no best game in the android this game sound is very relaxed in my life
addiction : i first saw it on an ipad after the store but when i looked for it on the play store it wasn't there. finally it's out. i've been waiting.
rishabh kutty : i like minimalistic games like these, just sit tap the screen and fall in love with the graphics.
abdul hayyan : i installed the game but it say package file invalid.
gaming rogue : i really like this game it's art style is beautiful and gameplay is fun
factory bazar : completed game till last after so long time
godfrey yeung : few months ago this game helped me get through the last months of school. really really beautiful, relaxing and exciting game.
akash saha : i can play it all day long. played it when i going to somewhere , in leisure and get bored when happy.
cong minh le : should have a night/day on/off button
kim bowman : an amazing game love it i played it on a phone in at and t and now i'm installing it on my tablet.
xwe are one : this game is so relaxingand i can play it anytime i'm bored
a google user : its great game i played it before but now when i installed it from play store it says failed to intialize when i open it
greg harman : horrible waisted time playing to get wingsuit now it freezing after i got
the suit uninstalled
iam meheraj : it's damn beautiful.. addictive, so much relaxing, amazing graphics.. in a
word this game is fantastic
kenneth fernando : this game really helps me relax!! or maybe other to!
prateek singhal : this games is very addictive. great graphics, interesting missions on each level. i liked it a lot.
barishal birdes lovers. : what a game...first i thought that game is not good..but when i played the
game i was just impressed
a google user : awesom game but a lot of buuuuuuug whene i geet a magnet or ....
liew xianyang : totally loved it. simple controls,a few tricks but endless fun during the
slide. the studio also makes some awesome games and i hope they programme
some more!!!
nakasone shuichi : it's a very addictive game if you get bored easily.nice time spending.really enjoying it!
a google user : the most and best relaxing game in the world .the different types of weather makes it even more attractive
stephen lucas : been waiting since the trailer came out, amazing game 5/5
manav sheth : you know why i like this game because th way whih i play in such a manner that ahhhhh!!! i can'tell u
erwin iskandar : no need internet connections i am lovin it
rishith surya : this game is so good... wonder how many people dont know about this game
jimuel dimacale : good visual on a phone its fun and addicted !!!
antonia caitlin gondowardoyo : this game is a masterpiece . i love it. maybe adding some other modes
will make this game better ;)
tatan : this game is so graceful i really really like the sounds and graphics hopefully you will make a more than this
yukthi c c : it's void game where we can know how and where and to which how much force and stunt we should use to 0ass our destination
bryce noe : one of my absolute fav mobile games. relaxing, gorgeous graphics, smooth controls
a google user : the game is great but make it so we can complete goals after we completed the previous 3 goals in the same run so we don't have to lose then start again or make it when ever i complete a goal another one starts but i need to complete the other two to level up i hope that makes sense
lolly music : love it! but i hope the ads will not popup even if i not purchase for it...and please add some bug fixes because the music seems to be lag a bit..well,bye....
eddie maina : its awesome how the days and weather change, cool graphics and song, quite fun for a snow boarding game
prasoon tandon : very very bad game it is pleas don't install this game !
roopesh dube : i liked this game a lot but a few things were irritating in the gameplay, overall a great game for time pass.
clem butler jr : amazing game i just wish u can get on different maps
huc : i feel bad ios has to buy this game for $1.99
pranoy das : this game is addictive, but what keeps you hooked for a long time are the objectives and the little achievements!!!
li west : kept shutting down on me! didn't even save my progress. super frustrated!!
lee caglioti : this game is the definition of 'flow' ...in game-play, movement, graphics and audio. one of the most enjoyable games i've played. it's relaxing and pleasant but with enough challenges to keep you trying.
hirak 47 mukherjee : this game is a very soothing game with low but good grapics...wish u success, developers
zee r : the amazing graphics and smooth and calming music makes it one hell of a game. loved it.
meagan bibo : this game is so relaxing and fun you just can't help but love it!
sarita chhetri : hey man i can install this cool game plz help dude
firebreathing fish : stunning graphics, peaceful soundtrack,great lighting and overall very relaxing and at times, thrilling gameplay.
swole pickle : very fun, addictive and creative a little too much ads but everything else
5 stars
tandava krishna : game balancing is very poor . can't see anything in the night mode. ...... sometimes doesn't work.
a google user : so,i played this game in an apple store.i loved it but when i went home , it was not free in app store love it
izene : thanks so much for making the game it is a true work of art and great stress reliever
a google user : i enjoy this game very much. it has a relaxing atmosphere to it, and it is good fun, thanks.
a google user : lvd it to the square of infinity
malihan, paulo, villanueva : let me tell i'm addicted at this game
debasish panda : but ti is not outstanding.
pranav pl : god game timepassing nic &cool graphics and the bgm its osm its relaxing when using it with headphoness
shahid malik : this game deserves more than 5 stars very well made and all the best to the team.
zaida allie : very addictive, elders are a bit like creepy santa's who chase you with omg! a whip! would be cool to do some more tricks besides grinds and backflips.
jake paulers number #1 : i used to play this on my old phone, i was level 28 it was really fun but i switched devices
adela ainun : best game ever. i play it since middle school and got a nostalgic everytime i hear the sound
aadi bosatta : i downloaded it earlier and deleted it by mistake not gonna happen again
divya hari : amazing game ever seen it is tue world's first yame for relaxation in your life i have a request for you please make an option for changing the graphics properties in game it will be useful for many players like me
a google user : i hate the tutorial i now this game since 2015december this game sucks
drew clutter : this game is the best game i had ever played
parthiv mehta : it's a awesome game but some problem to start my game
shane : so fun and additive i can't stop playing lol!
jared long : this is a really fun game! it's really addicting and extremely relaxing. i am definitely downloading the alto's odyssey!
kxindra : the music is so calming it feels like i'm in my own world
a google user : got lost in amazing graphics, superb animation ,rest comes second
arif kayda : i like the day and night concept and the physics applied keep it up
techlito : for some reason this game is addictive... what a great coincidence! loved it!
mike medina : too dark and dull to see what is going on at speed.
navneet mishra : while playing feel like i am in the snow capped mountain, skiing!
ga mer : iam sad but my net week but i download it suppper game
bob abednego : please fix it!! blank screen after loading on asus zenfone
kshitij srivastava : simple yet amazing game. it was a random download but i find it too addictive, background music is sooo amazing (plug your earphones). try it guys!!!
yo loyo : its so emotionally connecting to me.. so relaxing... and i feel one with the game.. awesome music.. i jus wish they had other good music added.. cus in the long run. kinda becomes.. mediocre..but good game
nick adams : if you are thinking of downloading it just do it. it has a little adds after you die.
arjun sunitharaj : the best thing in this game is the music..just play the game while using
earphones and you will get a great experience.....
speed _02 : extremly *relaxing* , and the graphics? *awsome graphics* , gives a great atmospheric feeling to you, feels like you're actually there if you close your eyes.
zerciale i : i loved it!! the graphics the minimalistic design, beautiful music and cool features!! i loved the graphics it also runs smooth in my device!!
brandie mundine : beautiful scenery and i like that it doesn't stop playing until you crash
qasim ahmed : i can just listen to the music... all day long.. and the game is so addictive.. don't let it take you from your daily duties
justin gaumont : i have a slow phone and it still runs super smooth i highly recommend getting it
sharanya garlapati : nice game loved it but kinda boring after playing for and hour or so
febin k dominic : great graphics and great gameplay. i love it. gives that christmas feeling. nailed it like a bosss!
madhukar gawai : i wanted to create a game like this .. looks like u got it earlier :) .. just joking
l d : havent even downloade yet but i just think its awesome lol, who agrees
divya jyoti banerjee : the game satisfies the hunger for addiction.. loved it
amra buxhaku : this game is really cool! i love it! it's one of my favourite games! i have like 40 games and this is my favourite one! i hope you guys like that too!
a google user : by far the best phone game ever. calming, beautiful and really fun to play!
akil zafeer : not much to say only to play this game is a bit of edict but great game
job thadeus : boring.need something more . i mean more controls.its just tapping and
jumping
sam laskey : i love the concept but the night time setting makes it a bit hard to see stuff
a google user : downloaded game and tablet slowed down. suspect malware.
saiyasu15 : this is very fun theres challenges jumps and its cool
darshit vaidhya : i love the scenery, especially the sunset and sunrise... i love the music very much. can anyone please tell me where can i get the music track from? please
siva kumar : only some levels are very difficult to pass otherwise an awsome game....
james powell : i can not get over how good they are but needs more controls
a google user : its awesome little boring but when u bore u have a awesome timepass with it
vivyanne c : really liked it ..just bummed that the levels stop ..finished the game in like a week
uam : i don't now what to say (just because it's to amazing)
marvelloussheep : first of all, i love the theme song. second, the graphic is smooth. maybe just for suggestion, can you make more move on the jumping? if you can that will be amazing.
daniel clover4 : the sound it is just very good this game is the best relaxing games of all it is also beautiful games. wonderful !!!
bharshi dhakal : love this game. addicted of it. awesomeness is everywhere
rightyshark : this game was my first ever game on phone. it's really awesome! beautiful graphics, no ads, great adventure! :)
oxy2oxi : its like really relaxing to me when im not in the mood i can just play this and like i just turn happy
harsh singh : we can't stop playing
ghanta lakshmi : i really like the game and the game concept is also a nice one. this is a good one to play
jonathan lopez : i start the app and automatically close by its self looks like a fun game
icechilee : this game is cool but we need some front flips or something also..
shruti singh : completed all 60 levels :) thanks, alto! you were a lot of fun! time to say goodbye x
ashiq kk : its a wonder full and it has give nice grapics ,i like it so much
a google user : the game is relaxing .. the music is great .. the gameplay is kinda easy , when you know the tricks it becomes easy .. but i loved it overall
a google user : i just wanted to type something
adit apil : after hours of gameplay,, its really bored
ajul p : i really loved the pc version of the game and now the android version also.
really love the music in the game too
grad u. : i love how you have to try to catch lamas it's so adorible
danalya flowers : the i play it ever day when i come home from school
abu ikram : i cannot tell the difference between peace and this game
angel face : its really fun and you wanna level up just for the suprise of the next challange and upgrade. i love how chill it is and i love the artistic idea of it all. and i love the fact that there is an easy mode! like. dont wanna concentrate? have a kid playing? here you go! no worries! just try it. its great
jude kxng : have it on my ipad and it's sick
joel hernandes : good snowboard game they have a zen mode to relieve stress
sarah carswell : help me i am doing really good and then i just die and the scene it goes black
pranjal biswas : just ok,not very good or not bad .
jermaine buen : i love the flips that you can do in this game and get money for it
donavin merriweather : good but add more things too do
a google user : nice game.. but not adictive... i just love the graphics...but game is not so much interesting make it more fun guys... thanks
talha bin awlad : i think game should get an award.this game is so wonderful and gorgeous.thanks noodlecake games studios to make this games
dino j : it looks nice, but it plays like every other tap/ hold acceleration game. i hate every one of these.
chethan manjunath : worlds best game we wont still more good games
khadijah ali, army : i liked it but whenever i tap to jump i'm not jumping,so please fix that.
xavier c : doesn't really have much to it.
geeta chopra : doesn't needs internet connection,such a great game
sam vaughan : the new update with the ads killed the game, uninstalled it.
otaku gamer ph : simple and very addictive game :) no other words... in one word amazing :) so install this ;)
glamorous tre : i love this game it was very peaceful because of the music and you don't have to be aware
andrew i : fantastic game. fun calming and inventive. all i can say is please port the
sequel to android.
mrchiragjoshi : i have the screenshot where the no. of downloads is 1. game is good and interesting. grows in on you.
anas zakwan : you know what the best thing to do ia...multiplayer lan!!you know like offline multiplayer using wifi hotspot that we can see other player beside us and play together to double the coins,mission,and llamas!!..
italy. 01 : i can't stop playing it, it has good graphics, it's an awesome game
kaur rashmeet : i played this game and it's a best game ever i played love it and can't stop playing
fyre uk : very simple,yet so great graphics!! ign should rate 10 out of 10
hallie fanchier : i love this game i can't wait for altos oddsey to come out!
vellkax : i really want some steak right now :/
emmelie h : great time killer with great graphics and super relaxing music! i'd totally
recommend it
iskandar shahdan : great game.kinda makes me feel freedom and feels like im in the game..
avninder kaur : what is this game all about yo it's cool with boards put not fun
blxck flxwers : it's a very good game. i like it very much.the background picture is awesome. this is my favourite game ever!
jefin jafar : best game i ever played but sadly i can't play now
vivan upadhyay : loved to play this game in my free time. it relax me and give fun
sam : really one of the best apps made. great atmosphere, graphics, and gameplay. 11/10 for sure
jenni taylor : badly needs a new update to fix the glitch where everything starts to break apart and turn invisible
angelina nelson streeter : i love it ! it's fun and in a way calming with the nice music in the game. i recommend this game. it's great for road trips !
ayman ahmed : before i install it i think it will not be good enough but when i install it was from my best games.
mitch newman : i was bad at first so i hated it but now its sooooo fun!!!
arwidyananda putri : it's a great game and very relaxing. great graphics, great music :) but for me it's a little bit bored :)
salam abdus : i've liked the way they dealt with the backgrounds.
a google user : excellent, fluid graphics and great gameplay. was waiting for this to come to android. awesome to see it free on the play store!
lj karel : amazing gameplay, graphics, music, etc. simply beautiful. not much more i could ask for from a game.
anant prakash ranjan : keep it up. you'll succeed.
brandon k : beautiful, simple, offline, i loved it to the very end, and was happy to
see a second game of it come out
xxpapa 1020xx : it's beautiful in a way that you get interested in every aspect and graphics are so beautiful and the music is so peaceful in a way and i love it
mark vickers : awful now. laggy and just pauses randomly for no reason. shame.
khadar khadar : waste game not installing in past i never saw this type of game
clonex clipndip : it is so addictive and i can't stop playing it it is so fun.
nayan sat : that's bad cuz it's an interesting game
simon flood : this game is really well made and has amazing graphics that make it look so pretty
malek . : this game has real great graphics but it's not that much of an adventure game
osazeproductions : perfect in almost every way. i beat every mission and challenge and i'm
just waiting for the sequel to arrive
a google user : it is very good i hope that i have all the characters . i'm loving it so much !
a google user : the most beautiful and scenic android game ever.... endless journey... feels like life
eli chapman : very good game, it's relaxing to play and it's fun. can somebody tell me
when alto's odyssey is gonna come out?
shivam arora : worst game. waist of internet data . waist of time dont download this game
alec bennett : it's a simple and fun time waster with amazing sound and graphics.
lore holloway : so adicting i so surprised when i played the game
rhythm chatervedi : couldn't download this app. always getting an error.
sir ghostworth iv, esquire : doesn't even startup, just says it stopped working, uninstalled and reinstalled and it still didn't work, clearly not even worth one star!
shenandoah katchuk : this game is super relaxing. makes me want to go where he/she is. the music is amazing. i have never been so obsessed with a game like this before! amazing job creators!!
bandi naga rakesh : game is neat and has got good background music.. nice job .
rizwana banu khan : wow i can't believe so nice game i loved the game and best game ever
jakehh : nice 2.5d graphics, simple to play, relaxing music, day and night circle, weathers effects... this is a great game, i'm eager to play its part 2.
connor page : seems like a pretty decent game, pretty runs well and a good time killer but when you die you have to watch a 30s ad, really?
a google user : thank you. good game for those w/ anxiety and adhd. i love it, too.
k w : i loved this game! it's very relaxing and addictive, but not in a bad way.
shanu pokkat : wooooowwww wat a game yaaa... i like it a lot . great work . wonderfull graphics . i never seen before this type of a game . love it like it . yep its a great advrnture . everything is perfect. plz make this type of more an more games ........
jabulani makhubalo : great game i love the stages they are just so great, very addictive :)
a google user : i loved this game much.it's exciting.
jagannath mahanta : this game totally awesome, especially the zen mode and the music. pls add
some other music in zen mode
a google user : relaxing because it is very fun not so boring because i like to ski snd do everything and loved itttt!!!!
ashhad bin asad : i can't stop playing
zach haeusel : i had this on my i phone and i couldn't wait for it to come out on android as well.
lucia alcaraz : its really good because when i am waiting for something i play this game....
janelle rosette austria : beautiful graphics. the zen mode is a nice addition
patricktricks : this game has amazing art and game play and i recommend people to install it!
jielmar ortiz : i love this game because it thrills you every moves you make using different characters which challenge you every game and every tricks you played..
jenny brooks : really lovely game, equal parts calm and engaging. i highly recommend!
hyper entertainment : the game is amazingly beautiful and its super good. hardly any to no lag
and its such a simple game
brennan battle : the graphics were the bomb, the game was simple but just as addicting
posey stoeffler : very relaxing and addicting to play, well worth the $0 i spent on it
larry green : beautiful game with wonderful controls. this is a classic infinite runner
game brought up to the design standards of today.
appiah benjamin : best game ever i really like the storms sound when it rains
denis dhamo : i was waiting for this game long time finally is here i can't wait to play it.
jennifer cargill : this game reminds me of the people who created flower and journey on the ps.
rik s : so easy to pick up.. so hard to put down! lovely graphics and sound fx. so relaxing.
ela leah antigua : i have alto on my mum's tablet but it's not working on my s4 phone. any recommended fixes, or is it only for tablets?
lemon coy : this game is so pretty! careful details! day and night cycles! and soothing and calm gameplay!
rasagy sharma : beautiful artwork that transitions from day to night, exciting challenges, nice combos!
mark ianne nunez : joking. have not played it yet
cesar martinez : the background and setting is amazing and so pretty, nothing bad to say about this game.
maddie : beautiful backgrounds and settings. best sunsets, sunrises and woods i have ever seen
damian navarro : overall good game, can't wait till oddyssey comes out for android
adrian gaeta : an awesome game with great graphics and great game play. im already addicted to this game.
autumn tharp : absolutely amazing :) it's so much fun and so addicting. and the scenery looks so detailed. truly a work of art
a google user : the trailer looked great i haven't yet tried the game
a google user : i loved this game it was soo good. i have recommended to all my friends.
haris saad : loved everything about it! especially the calm and soothing music :-d
punished captain frog : one of the most relaxing and beautiful games i've played on ios/android
shehryaar mh : i thought this might be addicting but it's a great game by the way.
christine : the art is excellent but game play is boring and disappointing
a google user : i liked this game.here is more adventure then the clash royal game
suryakant patel : this is best game to play on your android if you like simple games..
kaibob007 kaibob : it's just relaxing and fun to play and a time killer!
a google user : this game is addictive and we need correct concentration for the joystick loved it
isoken edogun : i am particularly in love with the background sounds.. . so soothing. really great game
a google user : i love this game it has next to no ads pls make a 2nd one it is simple but fun
satwik n madhav : the game is just awesome but there is a issue... sometimes the hover
feather doesn't activates... please fix this bug..
david scott : great game to play when you're bored. such a nice peaceful game
kashaf ghafoor : its amazingly addictive! i'm quite a choosy person in the matter of games but this one is amazing! 5 stars!
aeyam eye : couldn't wait after watching the trailer,one hell of a great game,i'd like to play again and again and again.... fantastic atmosphere love the score...as well,thank you for creating..
pkmn trainer ani : the art made me love it and it's a cute game with a great atmosphere :3
clay richardson : so glad this is now on android! been playing it on my ipad for awhile and love it! great time killer!
joshua ramoti : but please add more tricks and some item like boards etc. great!
amit theng : lovely graphics .. i love it . but not so intresting.. only graphics are lovely
a google user : nice game. play when i am bored
huma ahmed : nice game but , battery goes down very fast due to this game
kunal bhatia : bakwaas hai ye game but bahut achhi hai loved it hate it
prince wakaoo maxx : loved it too much.. much more than expectation
theojadelyn martin : extremely addicting! i love this game, but i wish there was better controls.
owen : i opened the game and it froze on the starry seen
a google user : great graphics, awesome music and really enjoyable minute details. simply enchanting....
a google user : haven't played it on this phone but i'm sure it will be awsome
prathap.s prathap.s : fun to play and time killer not so addictive ..... but yeaa very funny game
louisclyde bilwag : good game i love it even you always fall or landing failed it gets you more
fun
byron flores : the music is awesome but i think it needs a checkpoint cuz it's kind of boring start again but btw is really cool
vedaprakash rajan : its a good game but i have played the next version and the 2nd version is
very good than the old one
joshua phillander : hearing from my friend that i should install this game ....thinking its pretty good
chals kanob : this is stress-relieving, i loved the music and the art style. i wish theres more games like this...
chris jones : i haven't played it but all the reviews look awesome. anyone know why it won't download? i really want to play this. anyway thanks for your time.
amy reyes : i thought altos adventures was a joy to play and its and i become relaxed when i listen to the music.
sis jackson : the anamation is so good and the fact that your scarf gets longer is si cool!!!
aryan arora : absolutely outstanding gameplay, graphics and music. deserves a 5!
layla jantzen : i think its a fun game but it has some downfalls.
wolfbrigade81 : this game is just so relaxing and fun to pass time with. i really loved it!
kakashii hatake : plzzz add more season... and more scenaries...like river... waterfalls... etc..plzz add.... no doubt this game is literally awsm..bt if these things r there i'd gv it 5*
02_rounak bhowmik : a pleasant setting with a mesmerizing music. loved it! nice gameplay and graphics.
adeeb ahmed : a unidirectional/single set game... it was fun at the beginning but after some time it just becomes so boring...
deshuan abron : soper good game you can love hi five;-)
yoga cat studios : could use multiplayer, last one standing.
imanuel dipta eliano : i always got blank screen after the title
aisha soria : i had this game on a firestick and it so cool and relaxing
job,erts is awesome : stress reliever it calm my stress after my hard work
nawaf sayed : after the sub's game stucks blank screen and background music
kenny : the music from this game makes my mind calm, peace and relax
navodaya kerala : i love this game. it is the most superb game that i had ever played. really
awesome,cool. luv it.
brandon moss : it is fun but the setting gets old. it dies away
francis bringas : you only get ads 50% of the time. removed it.
a google user : guy's it's great omg! this app can't be replaced by any other app!!!no matter howmanny temple runners and surfers come, this one is the best!!!
a google user : its good game more than clash of clans. reuben haha
a google user : love the music, it makes the game so relaxing to play, even if you keep dying, it's still so fun to play!
vence fe dela pena : i love this game it is time killer. i always play this since i downloaded the game. keep up developers.
omar kalfa : want more tracks and weather very good but not enough to make change
ms. jy savage : i think its ok just doesn't work sometimes
radelp bhoy : this is what i faild i can you try this is boring can you bored!
ericka : the mountains r a little pointy but it's ok, its a fun and addicting game
sushil sapkota : everything about this game is so beautiful. the graphics and the gameplay especially. it is smooth and runs in each of my devices with no lags. i'd encourage you to download this. 5 stars!!!
aquib khan : good game, nice graphics, not a 4 or 5 star level game. fair vote...! will increase the starts if the updates surprize me someday...
team mojang - mcpe : the game is good and everything it does but there is a few issues with it when i'm playing in the game the framerate drops down and it slows the video game and that causes me to hit obstacles or fail to make jumps if he could fix that small issue it will probably be a little bit better besides that the games really good
anson bison : watch a movie watch a movie every time that's frigging ridiculous
sergei patlai : game crashes on dell venue 7. please, fix it)
amori : awesome gameplay best game to just play for fun if bored.
forsaleontinder : really fun, but can be triggering at moments like any game :)
russell palmiter : has lots of ads, but they're very well incentivized.
mouldycontroller : great game all round, well made and just really enjoyable
vikaelan chetty : very good. never played it yet but very good
locco 777 : don't get me wrong. it's a fun game to play but why game with simple graphics like this drains my battery so fast?
xero sparks : the aesthetic is unique and beautifully colorful. i will come back to this game eventually.
rahul relhan : i liked it and thanx noodlecake studios for making such a nice game
rusken luis : loved it...its a little difficult but loads of fun with good music
natalie i : i can't even jump so please fix
brandon kuang : it is so awesome i had never seen a game this fun i am downloading it hope i like it
sammi's vlogs : it's works great for me because it doesn't need wifi
king ty : great game play. best sky box ever!
yusuf perdana : the music is relaxing. you wouldn't mad if you lose. just simple and
beautiful.
vaibhav rob : this game was very interesting and i am love this game and game ringtone
was very romantic and i am enjoy i am wait when come secound part of this
game
jinky dbailon : wow this game is awesome but it so hard to see the rock when night
cameron eckert : absolutely amazing gameplay. great mechanics and all around great fun game.
elegant : excellent graphics its just so beautiful and is absolutely fun to play with! :)
ramkumar priyadarshi : the graphics are really beautiful... the music is soothing and relaxing and the cutest sceneries ever... just loved the game in every way...
justin philpott : really fun and i appreciate the detail and effort out into it. beautiful.
abanteeka hoare : it's awesome....i love the graphics too! the idea is good..great game. i love the concept how the day changes from dawn to night.
jody lehr : lilli laugh yet what crass lift get g de had ugh hugh use church free successful diving ducts sheds fight fun .
marcin czerenko : i habe lost all my progress. shame x2
viphop crampton : this game is so good the graphics are amazing the concept is great hope you can make the game even more better
nathan guarte : i was playing this game on my ipad, and now on android! thanks so much noodlecake!
tyron davidson : this game is really good for when you just want a break from reality
a google user : i have nothing to say, it's just beautiful
daksh desai : best game ever played! i mean every player gets satisfied.
human. : cant put my phone down!
haider ali : no doubt it is a great game! i play it when i need to relax! it has wonderful graphics and music!
ace marksman : this is a really hood game with great graphics and will help pass time! try it out!
ml herman : i think it has good graphic and controls kinda bad but altho pretty good
rimel : i playing odyssey and it's as much of a masterpiece as this but i miss the llamas and the snow haha
a google user : it's so much fun and easy to control, and i love the way it looks!
ck : it's a great game but it doesn't get my full vote
ryan brennan : i love the art style of this game. it truly is mesmerizing. over all a great game.
tdm xross : i loved this game cauz of the graphics and smooth gameplay. keep making games like this.
anthony moir : not one of the best but it's still ok
a google user : i totally love this game! i play it all the time! it is very enjoyable!
a google user : i would download it but it's not as good as subway surfers
insane black rock shooter : it too easy to mistake rock as background and boom. game over
a google user : i love this game it is really fun to play when thing is boring i love it
arun sarkar : nice view, nice graphics, nice adventure. and the music is in it, is my favorite music, nice. perfect, i'll rate 5 stars always.
michael simpson : very peaceful and calm art style. it's beautiful, simple, relaxing and fun all at once.
cloax : i open it and it always unexpectedly quits
krzysztof bugaj : i think it's one of the beast looking games in play store
alfredo melgoza : that it is a sick game make one of a kid doing parkour
a google user : awsome view and no adds drive smoothly and i lv this game
- jolly : it's the best android game to chill out and play! can you make another game like this with the same peacefulness and all?
seth lindblom : fun, simple, beautiful game. and it's free. i like the objective based
leveling and how smooth everything runs.
lola lewis : its fun but after a while it gets boring
naresh rathor : i love i have to be a good day at work and i don't know what i want to be a
good day at work and i don't know what i was just thinking about it and it
was good to
plir : this game should be in the oscar awards
a google user : i like how the sanders wolf and the song is so good keep it up! ^-^
juan cardenas : it keeps shutting down on its own
wendy magee : love it! it's quote addictive to be honest
eimbiox : this game is awesome for chilling or when you don't have anything to do love it
a google user : i shouldn't have installed the game
wh0car35 : needs...something. not really sure what, but feels incomplete somehow.
pushpa dande : this game is amazing very cool and addicted this game is really so awesome i love it very much
a google user : good and interesting game but it may more difficult. love it
marshall mthombeni : i had fun play this game, couldn't beat my friends but it sure was amazing!
sameer ahmed : game is good but quite boring
thetrue demigod : it's soothing,relaxing, and a great time killer plus doesn't need wifi to play it.
a google user : i played this game all the time! it is a fun snowboarding game.
suresh kumar : wonderful game. i think it is the best game. the change of weather is
amazing. thank u noodlecake games
omkar vines : superb and better in travelling while you are bore . just make more interesting game
a google user : awesome gameplay, fun and relaxing. takes through chilled adventures!
a google user : for me it was a timely distraction that soon turned into a lovable time pass...... thank you for the great experience!
jasper crabb : well made and extremely fun. its my favourite game
dan perkins : not sure what the fuss is about. lovely graphics but the gameplay is tedious
avishree roy : literally the best android game. it's has great graphics an relaxing beautiful music.
ruben booben : i played dis game on an apple phone and wished it came out for android... and it finally did!!!! yessssss
arra dancel : my brother use to play this game i would love to try this one. hihihihi
simran kaur : one and only game so far which i dobnot get bored of, which doesn't lag, which does not tire my mind. beautiful creation!! the zen mode is supreme! calm as an ocean.. this is the only game i have on my phone.
oneway k : i though that it was one of the most challenging game i've ever played and
i just love a good challenge.
travis coble : am i the only person that funds games like this incredibly repetitive and pointless?.. no storyline, just achievements that result in nothing...
wei huang : crashes on the loading screen everytime.
zach : it is used when i am bored good game
a google user : i think it's fun to play the game when your bored because it's intertaining
peyton drynan : i love this game because it's fun and entertaining!! it is really a job well done. i love catching the llamas
taee been up : this is a very relaxing game when you are mad just playing this game for 2 minutes n your whole mood will change edit review : still is a very good and calming game
kichan naruto : lol amazing game it can be very relaxing during stress time and very beautiful enviornmental game
julio de los santos : definitely worth your time, and very satisfying, exactly what youd except from noodlecake!
a google user : one of the best game i've ever played on mobile!
sujal abhani : best graphics, unbeatable challenges and fun.
gamer lyf : this game is one of my 2nd favorite and i like the graphics,texture and snowboarding moves
ellafaith kataria : one of the best games i've played and would definitely download again when i get a new phone!
sweety ml : im very glad with alto....he adventuring and surviving....make sure you update the version ok!!!!!
clarence laderas : need a multi-player pls but! i love it keep up the goodwork
exotic gaming : get this game right now! if u don't i will.... just get this game!!!
srikanth kumar : kesari super camp i like this very much and it is super all play the styling i very like this please you also download and enjoy play this game you will definitely enjoy a lot ok the game plays very good and also the asha parekh are also is very very very super please you also download and enjoy this the graphics is so wonderful really it's beautiful automatic see me calling kar uska please download this and enjoy a lot ok download this enjoy full ok thank you for giving this opportunity for me that's all it was ok that's signing off sick and srikanth stylish star facebook id shrikant khiladi baccha please follow me on facebook all make new videos and super photos ntr their profile pic inside me see follow me like my photos and videos to be excellent wonderful ok thank you a lot very beautiful can superman song download all people and enjoy this
c.s.b spazz : every one said it was good so i hope that this is true ani am downloading it now.
roshan panda : i don't like it, because it was a ultimate game.
honza k. : annoying unskippable tutorial/hints - never again
nixon danno : it's an awesome game. no other way to describe it.
timkang bertjason : i love the graphics of this game also the weather change. keep it up!
max the ninja bunny : the in game music is awsome i usually never listen to in game music but this is so nice and calming
jahman borneo : get boring quickly.
anandhi venkatesh : loved it! a really good game by noodle cake studios
capitalggs : good graphics and really fun to play. i play it every day!
daehyun song : this is a beautiful game! and the gameplay is also really smooth and satisfying.
trrg show : yo dis wing suit is awsome download this game you wont regret it!!
grigoris : i love the llamas. also really great game
a google user : not bad not so good but loved it simple fantastic easy complicated and fun
childish_sambino : i think this game deserves a medal
rebecca hayes : i love this game if you don't have this game the get it now! but challenging!
josh tibbetts : i have logged 30 hours and this game is still entertaining. great app!
saad khan : i don't know how this game is but as the players r reviewing it i think its gonna be fun
m piguing : finally, i only got to play this game on an iphone and thought it wasn't gonna come out
a google user : a type of lonely and quiet game having best performance in earphone
jade_stone : i think this game is absolutely beautiful. i love the story and the little llamas!
a google user : well haven't played it but the comments make me want to
rania atrouche : it's awesome!! it always makes me relax. thank you so much for making this game
a google user : i want to download this game but i cant get to 1mb it keeps saying downloading but its not, but when i try to download other games its so super fast please update
indu kejriwal : hey game lovers you are stupids,mads etc
nia malone : when i played this game for the first time it was very fun and addicting....now it still is and i'm still addicted!
anuj bhati : plz don't waste ur 40mb on this boring game
darin heydenrych : i get that you guys are concerned about piracy, but you've ruined a piece of art. nag screens, ad watching, buying gems... honestly, could you not at least include an option to pay for the full game?
kausik das : i like this game so much, its graphics, music and gameplay all are so cool and lightweight....
anupama sau : one the most beautiful games ive ever seen. good job noodlecake studios !
alridge rodrigues : this is one of the best looking games out there for android.
sunuy gamers : i really love this game, because the graphic is really beautiful and so
satisfiyed..
jennifer lam : enjoyable, the graphics are very good and pleasing to the eye. not frustrating at all.
debidutta mohanty : its an awesome game which helps you relax after a stressful day
aaron willy : best games ever playing this feels so good that i cannot even explain it best tune too after playing this i feel fully relaxed. thanks for making such a good game i appreciate your good work guys
shane grant : black screen past initial load screen.
bvr cavalera : absolutely love this! reminds me of stuff from my amiga but better.
noah clever : i wish i played it cuz i can't install it i had a error d;
nathan villagracia : the game is so fun to play,because of the simple controls.
nick g : love the music and the fast pace, love itoverall
markkenneth kinfia : can u add more animation like monkeys in the trees ..
nooblet : its the true meaning of fun.great graphics.good game to pass time
kushang rana : i paly this game since 2006. i love this game.thaks for creaters because
made this game.
mark joshua maningo : best i've played best graphics smooth transition whatever it's called it's amazing
a google user : with an update some new permissions want to know my browsing history and bookmarks? no thanks. uninstall.
leila vogrig : i love this game, i also love the beautiful backgrounds keep up the good work!
xenon rider : go to hell with your free to play only model
a google user : hi there is anything else that we can be played
justin chirwa : once downloaded its failing to install
dakota mcdaniel : just stupid with not much of anything special
gamingwith tray : it passes time and its just to play when it bored
lambang wijaya : the ones who hates this game is a hater
timothy wright : i played it and all it did was move by itself
top 5 : android is not best to play
akhil patnala : waiting from a long time as soon it relesed to ios
dhoni gowri : this not only game it is different from other graphics
kool biscuit : this game made me get kidnapped irl
km24 fit : it doesnt install once i downloaded it
a google user : the whole internet is lobing this game when it was made in 2016
sumaiyya banu : this is worst game i have played ever
oliver villalobos : i was bummed that i couldnt play but it is really cool
choglodyt e : in the zen mode the music really spoke to me
dylan richardson : very addictive, super fun, and great time killer by far best game of the year.
spartan wolf : awsome game love it so much and its so relaxing and the music is just
great
d b : the scenery is beautiful! and the music, both together creates an incredible visual!
a google user : the most best graphics i have ever seen!
neil braun : but boy oh boy am i ever bad at this!
alonzo : one of the best indie games i've played. although, could have more variety in the world.
xbe : it's really fun to play! i play it all the time
jayalakshmi tumbe : a beautiful game! thanks for this beautiful creation. expecting more beautiful games from you.
joshua boyles : totally awesome! really chill game that i can play for hours.
joe_ mama : its very calming with the music very nice with some good vibe feeling going
on keep it up great game!
a google user : it is my best game but i can't download it.
ashish bhise : alto's adventure is a super duper game i loved it.
caiden anderson : this is super addicting and is is still not as good as clash of clans
vartul dubey : what the hell! i loved this game prety good graphics
sanjay chaudhry : really the best game i was thinking that it is a bad game but when i played it it was veryyyyyyyyyy.....................good i am so lucky that i have downloaded it
rajib hazarika : i liked this game very much . it is very relaxing. this is my favourite game. every must download it.
makich simonyan : i love this game so much. i am waiting everyday for the new game alto's
odyssey.
treacy adamo : this game is decent bjtit can be better if its easier to land flips
rqnf69 gaming : the gratics suck and it's no even fun
joel thomas : this is one of the most soothing, simple yet engaging games in the market.
nalin mishra : it was an absolute pleasure to have played this game! beautiful interface.
angelina orona : super fun this is a great boredom buster
vivek mandal : marvellous! really impressed me a lot. as in india we say,"deewane ho gaye hum tere" . thankx to the team behind it.
mohd khairol hafizi : just d0wnload and h0pe it'll be great 0n my samsung tab 10.1
salty uit : i enjoyed this game, especially the back sound. great for me
dhananjay ray : i like alto's adventure, very much 1) like the game music 2) like the capture moments function:)
a google user : it is good but when are you guys release alto's odyssey. pls release the
alto's odyssey in this week.
a google user : great tried it at metro bcs bc they have i phones w games
gidz cross : hoping to get free version for my ios too.
olivia collings : absolutley fabulous! i loved the artwork and the graphics. would definitely recommend.
anjana prakash : awesome game.. a game that is not the regular types.. an enjoyable way to love the mountain and skiing
gamma : i love it it's such a challenge and never gets old :3
lexo chewie : i love the graphics, the music its really fun and addictive
ben johnson : i've been waiting for it to come to android for so long now!
kaija sorensen : this game is relaxing and amazingly beautiful. addicting too! loved it!
fernando de santiago : i loved it i like how zen mode requires headphones or recommends but that graphics are beautiful and it's so peacefu
sri dhamodharan : so addicted and great game with great graphics good job noodlecake studios
jacob fann : easily one of the greatest mobile games ever created great for 4/20
friendly people
angel lima morales : it was one of the best games i've seen and has really smooth graphics
a google user : pretty good game. but the characters could use a few more snowboarding tricks though
usman ellahi : the best game i have ever played. so soothing and enjoyable especially the
zen mode
spark : wouldn't let me jump around midlle of playing 48 times etc games is ok
jojothebro porras : the game is flat out amazing thank god for this badass game
cj hong : need fix! and if you fix,i give 5 star
dylan lagroma : one you play it...you cant stop enjoying it
hailey weitzel : i love this game! the graphics are beutiful, and the controls are great!
raja anubhav : this game is fantastically well. i love this game because of the graphics. sounds great to hear. this is a blaster.
lynne : the graphics were great,the music was cool,and the scenery is awesome.
ashwin kg : not a good graphics and need to jump jump and only jump
santosh kumar : graphics are so smooth, audio too quite encouraging to play. very appealing...
chinmay choudhury : super game. nice background and perfect gameplay with the best music. totally loved it.
catherine sutton : i love this game it makes me feel like a bad ass and it also makes me feel like a ninja
sam cagle : it's amazing!!! just one problem it,s hard to jump the bigcracks it,s really hard. but this a amazing !! great job!!
itzamary morales : this game makes me relaxing and is easy to play. the characters are very good
giacomo : i've had lots of fun playing this game on my ipad, and now i get to play it on my phone!
the epic : it's amazing. i the graphics incredible. the best graphics for a mobile app
a google user : this is a perfect game .the first time i played i loved the game its so peaceful and it just is a perfect game perfect game perfect game perfect game!
splxt : clash of clash is a little bit better
koelparkerplayz woldm_koel_yt123 : bah blah blah not that good but very3 good
joan swing : it was really good great timee killer it has great graphics wish they can add more features for the future
rj hill : i can't stop playing it
simon jude : great game, love the progression. addictive, challenging and so much fun
adrien lehman : its really fun i play it when i don't have wi-fi
s : this is how apps should be. fun is not sacrificed for monetization.
a google user : its an amazing game with great graphics and controls. good music, especially zen mode.
lee bee : love the scenery and the overall gameplay. its a lovely game to play before bedtime
adi eusebio : it's just like super mario or that dinosaur on google when offline. but
with better graphics.
autumn marie : i couldn't get past the first chasm.
jsik : it may be a copy of ski safari, but it's great
marakkar ponnenkattil : i love it so much. because it is b.good game
a google user : when i downloaded,it shows package is invalid
gexthebext : one question... why is this game not five stars instead of 4.5 stars
angela aspen : what a fmgreat and addictive game. i give it a full five stars!
cris salgado : tricky nice but the most is that alto wen it lands well the game is nice
mauricio rodriguez : i really enjoy playing this game different challenges not impossible to achieve very intertaining
anthony mambuca : this game is just the best. i hope they stay the best!
rizz : it seems fun, but won't runs on my zenfone
random : very fun and exiting!and sometimes addictive.
sai durga anjani kumar : i seen this game in my friend's mobile and downloaded it immediately..
cujo : i really liked the game, and the gameplay. this game is addicting!
ennard the clown : i love how soothing the music and graphics are. the game controls are great
sanketh shetty : delightful game. love the simple game play. good choice in background music. animation is cute and minimalist.
neko kitty cat anime is life : i love this game nedds more levels and modes lik other worlds you know.
vizulizer kristoffer : in-game purchases ruin the game
sonic57 otero : simply the best calm minded game in the app store! good job on the game.
tech and stuff : it's amazing apart from the game does not give you time to jump the rocks sometimes
tanseer tanseer : i am mad no this game this is exiting and make more exiting i loved it
captain sunshine : smooth, beautiful, and fun game play.
polly : this is the most stunning game you will ever see!!
a google user : 3d graphics cause motion sickness
alishakyousaf alishakyousaf : it is really good with good graphic it look goodto so play and have a lot of fun
a&c studios : time just goes by its so much fun!
muto : its great :3 but can u add more charcter
tony joy : good game the best game i ever played & i recommend you guys to download it... love this game
anuj srivastava : very relaxing and beautiful game. music is so soothing you'll never want to
close the game
a google user : this is the best mobile game i have ever played. serene and relaxing with amazing visuals.
ricky owen : graphics are simple and beautiful, really easy gameplay. very nice to just chill with.
ilyass elharrak : the game to deal with rage
manish kumar 6340 : awesome game!! can't stop myself to play
anastasi : amazing game! what a pleasure to play it! i enjoy everything about it! design and soundtracks are sooo lovely!
gopal kumar : bad game to play don't have sense to make
jack johnson : it's too hard to get away from your nanna
taranvir modi : first endless game i've ever played that much.
jesse villarreal : is saying package file invalid
rajat thakur : addicted to it, must try never ending affection for playing it
a google user : when i download clash of clans it doesnt work in this phone and i go to play store and is saw this game and everyone comment good
barishth sharma : i think it's really impressive and a simple,easy to learn game
iqbal luviantino : the ui design is lovely, the atmosphere is so soothing.
a google user : minimalist. good background theme. visual effects are stunning with focus
on limited elements.
ali : gorgeous but sometimes it doesn't register when i tap but that's okay.
jinell bal : it always said that it was not working
spot leaf : has an amazing scenery, simple gameplay mechanics and its just amazing all together.
bharat chauhan : simple game, easy controls. there is room for improvement in terms of graphics.
a google user : amazing artwork and the overall experience. much fun!!
necrosage zyxt : get rid of the endless nighttime and dusk levels. i like being able to see what is going on.
danny aranda : the people who made blackheads made this and its a good game to
anastasia : i really love this game! reccomend it to anyone who likes calming atmospheres.
akaanksh desaraju : lovely music in the zen mode. this game is the best game i ever played!
olly vanbou : fun. good time waster.
shreya hazra : it was a lovely game with best sound quality.
navneet krishna : calm,majestic game whose background music makes you unwind.
norbaizurah sabri : good,just the graphics. this game best to play at free time
gabriel : i love it soo much because the song;)
dr azhar memon : its a nice game ...but somerimes gets hanged up in the phone
april james : i've been excited to see this on android since this released on ios!!
kroton : love this game..just because of its simplicity and the music..specially when rain start...this game make me feel fresh and provide peace to my mind...
juan chavez : i saw dis game at a mall then when i went home i felt like playing it so i baught it and it amazed me
robynn young : i'm addicted i was to minecraft and roblox but now omg
luka h : it is amazing i didn't know what to download so i did this and it was amazing
a google user : it's music is very useful.it help to increase the concentration of mind.
mano mano : i really love this game.. it but me in good mood
yash kumar : this game is awesome. it has cool graphics and stunts. i can't wait for
alto's odyssey.
jan galda : you can't get any angry with this game. it's just the beauty itself. just great.
dejanae : this helps my sleep most of the time.
manabat, nikpreil usher, g. : game design is very smooth and simple and the controls are fairly simple to use. great game.
pew maker : great game to spend hours on. the music is pleasant and relaxing and the game isn't too hard.
assassin warrior : i love it especially the graphics can't wait for altos odessy
franklin shelkey : and that's the truth
twenty one tacos : awesome graphics, music and story i love it so much.
mina youssef : i've played it before but it won't open what so ever
snowy zx : this game got good graphics.no lag at all.i found it very addictive
rosie-peach : the view is amazing never like the others ive played before this is way more beautifully sculpted by god
samarth kapil : it's a really peaceful game easy in your eyes. it's really relaxing for me
monsterr gaming : great game i find it hard to believe that its real
ashu gupta : gave the rating based on the trailer of the game only. will play now
aaryan paul : very good game. i can't live without it
ryan harrington : played on apple tv but it's even better than on android!!
a google user : amazing art and music, extremly peaceful game play, loved it
mariya yasinovska : amazing and addicting. sort of reminds me of jetpack joyride. i love it
giselle mapanao : my brother and his friend plays its (always)
pratik patil : game is good but when its dark,strains eyes
luna lovegood : a very peaceful game, with beautiful visuals and calming sounds.
ritesh s : a fun game with a small app size !
aj : the graphics and visuals are topnotch and it's actually really calming to play.
spotdot : if i can get this in my ipad i will rate this 5 stars
mufid nur h : tutorial is too hard, and i cant skip this one.. bad
jerome innocent : i love it,completely.its graphically stunning and captures you wholely.
david morin : amazing time waster. a piece of art
a google user : well alto is cool i love the game! how i love the music! it also has cool graphics.
xmath : you can't describe this game ! a perfect masterpiece ! the music makes you travel in a another world
utpal karmakar : very cool game, controls are also minimalistic. a very good game.
peach yogurt : it was fun having to do back flips and getting power ups
bala subramanian v : i dont know to go fast and jump over the vally
yash vyas : one of the best games with graphics and sound and everything else...loved it ..
omar sanchez : beutiful i love the graphics and the music is so calm and peaceful such a good game 5 stars!
nathan kiley : impossible to get past the first chasm
al do : boring, hard quest, rare powerup, few customitation
bishnu prasad swain : awesome game. the music and tunes makes your mood. i like it.
explosive boy : this game is very bad you can't download this game
saptarshi dutta : this is a soothing game with calming music of wanderlust. graphics is pretty cool and it's quite unique.
jack mooney : simplistic and beautiful. hard to put down.
ram yadav : boring music, weak graphics, tiny sized skater, i hated it.
jit goria : totaly awesome and relaxing..must use headset
bigboygamer /lol : this game makes me relax when i need to and everyone should play it!
calvin weng : amazing game, relaxes me after long day. recommend for everyone.
ramiro cruz : altos adventure -re- think what a game can do
subham das : the graphics are awesome. just 1 word to say. this best game for time killer.
jackson michael : awesome game.. please make another version with different levels or add more levels to it
cristina toledo : wow this game is so awesome i just can't i'm speechless
gaming with emperor : every thing is excellent but the night mode should be improved
thakiddmyke _ : this game is more than fun it's awsome
darione pettis : i love this game, it just makes me happy while playing.
dallas peters : very fun and easy to use. also, there are very few adds
mayank purohit : love the way sun rises in the east, the colours of surrounding are so natural.
a google user : this is so nice graphic are is good this is fun tooo and we can time pass our time so niceee
ayush ghosh : it is a really awesome game. the music is really relaxing. i love this game
sukhmanpreet kaur : i gave five stars for this game . this game is lovely .
a google user : one of the best game in world.because i am enjoying.thank you very much to creators.
melody cole : amazing everything. i'd rate the graphics six stars if i could.
iama godlynoob : awesome game, a very helpful stress reliever game, but it needs more stuff.. i feel like it need more stuff... but overall its good..
lalita jha : i don't know about this game. i hope that it would be good
harman singh : this game song is very beautiful and i requesting to you make like this
only or adventure thanksfully
a google user : i am lucky to born in this century. this is one of my favourite game. i loved it.
jkj is beast : great game! fluid and smooth gameplay and very relaxing. highly recommend
awareness quest : this game is nice. only some changes are required
asim sinha : its the best endless game. everyone should play it. it is a good time passer.
a google user : the game is kinda like journey, awesome, addictive and pretty
joshua stephens : is one of the best mobile games i ever played, one of the best games in general.
strong bow : good game but i think ski safari was much more decent because of its
graphics.
manisha jibhakate : it's amazing ,scientific reason is that it increased concentration power.
al delaune : great graphics paired with a challenging yet fun list of tricks and tasks makes for a great game !
pastor julia humenik : beautiful, relaxing, but just challenging enough to make me love it.
ryan ive : i loved the music and the gameplay is great. it's so relaxing.
thr3at : i played it and i enjoyed a lot. good animation. best hard work done.
mr. niceguy xo : this game is one of the best games of the year. it's graphics are as good as a game on a ps4.
nilay sahu : superb graphics wonderful gaming experience thanks to devs. just flawless
game.
nikhil bhootpur : the most subtle yet captivating game so far. the music and the scenics are
soothing.
dubey duos : it is a awesome game. i am so impressed with this game. i suggest you to download it.
morgi : anyone who hasn't.. you have to download it!! it is amazing! a lot of amazing visual effects, awesome scenery and the music is just fabulous! its amazing!! if you dont download it.. you are missing a lot of a new experience! download people!!
lord baron : this is my favorite game ever it should be 5 stars ^-^
william simeroth : easy to grasp, gorgeous art, and really just a lovely game in general
a google user : this is my favorite game. it is challenging and relaxing all at the same time.
a google user : i love this game. controls are perfect, graphics are beautiful and it's very beautiful. i hope there will be more to this game!
mohamed seif : nice game..but the features are so small ..i cant even see the rocks sometimes...fix it then ill give 5 stars
seelamanthula abhiram kanna : the graphics in this game are fantastic!!! i thank you noodlecake for giving out this amazing game!!!!!!
plants vs zombies garden warfare : i got this game cause i was board but its turnded being board fun!
rudresh kumar : ot is a wonder full game to play every thing is good in this to play
charles jones : beautiful music and graphics also the game runs very smoothly, i would recommend this game to anyone i know !
left : i love it. the music is really peaceful and the game play is brilliant.
abhishek panchal : the game is just beautiful to look at with stunning backgrounds and visuals..!
honestly dont know lol : u never stop loving this game
a google user : this game is awesome. i recommend this game 2 people who nvr installed this game yet.
mahendar k : when i open the game the opening music strucking and game closed!!
toby st.clair : a great game to have. zen mode with headphones is very relaxing. a+
goldpuneet singh : 3rd favourite game after coc and mini militia..
georgia aguirre : this game has finally launched and so far you can call it the best game in the world!
sam taneja : when i saw this game first i thought it will be boarding but after few days i found the best game
dragon noodles : i love it but not my favorite game
g ganesh : always automatically runing don't now what is game no characters don't install this app
a google user : i love this game because its so nice and have great graphics i love this so much ....
isaiahohara42 : "very good quality game love the graphics and the all around game itself"
joshua mendez : its a really good time killer game. the collection of the goats is really great.
al razi siam : more control should be added to control the player when he is airborne...at
least left or right control
jarrele turiano : the background is enough to make me relax and think about the world and nature ...
cs tongar : please make more games like this pleasssseeeee i loved it's scenes and sound effect
a google user : alto's adventure - brings the snowboarding experience to life! five stars
and two thumbs up!!
riley brown : one of the best games i've played so far. great job.
scarlett monroe : addictive. cant stop playing this game
lithish thomas : it's an amazing game.good graphics .best for game lovers
sumit behera : it is a nice game i have taken it one time but then i feel boring so i deleted it today i want to play
jennifer p : the awesome game ever i was playing!thanks a lot for creating this game.
rob nash : just wish it had more levels i guess.
sanjay kumar c s : good time pass game, earns you xp easily
lalita pathak : this game is very nice i don't have any problems
zachary mcclave : the music is so relaxing and the graphics are beautiful! amazing overall.
pearl rosered : relaxing music and great graphics. love to play b4 bed:)
habiil mahamed : nice game, graphics are cool very addictive this is a happy game thumbs up
buhari aliyu : great application,highly addictive.i will love to have your other applications.
noah kenyon : doesnt appeal to older ages
kishor solanki : you should make more locations for halloween and christmas.. and wardrobe for alto and others..
azuwarazalina rashid : for me this game the best game ever.i love the the graphics and the gameplay was so amazing.
doctor plague : take you to another world
deondre kohper : it was a-some
kalaimagal easy maths : it's graphics is very super
benjamin carlson : realy fun but it is sometimes hard to see your character
james zanghi : it's just ski safari with a different art style
rebeka vlaisavljevic : this is honestly the best game i've ever played on my phone
popaty : i have played this game in i pad, its amazing.
eggroley : the soundtrack and art are amazing and it's wonderful how well they fit together.
a google user : nice game.i switche from apple to android to play this game.in ios its a paid app
narci : i'm literally enjoying this. i wrote ay content on it and after that i installed this game.
eva peter yang : this game is perfect for you if you like something that is calm yet fun and exciting! love this game!
imad abi : it's a very good game graphics are awesome and the gameplay really relaxing i recommend it to be downloaded
jonny ewers : perfect game. aesthetically beautiful, smooth calming soundtrack and easy
controls
joseph rambau : i really like the backround music and graphics...download it
a google user : the ads are way too pervasive, almost after every turn. please add a pro version for a small one time fee perhaps?
raystang gaming : its just so peacful, ive never played such a game. awsome game.
trevor thomas : i played this game on iphone loved it so much and finally have it for android.
henry miller : a beautiful game that has is super fun with good challenges
olvin sanchez : its great! its relaxing..its perfect the way it is! so sad...and relaxing
kaya : it's so simple but so fun and i love it. the graphics are great.
a google user : sukun milaa.... it brings all the season near u. plz paly wth headfone
tomm z : great game, wish it was also free for ios! would love to play this on my ipad, rather than my android phone
brittney beach : it's cool how those llamas run arm's you get chased by elders
makenna brunger : really addictive and supper fun. i love the gameplay. great time killer
geeky_potato_lover : love the grapics and music. it is so well put together.
s5 : nice graphics bro.keep it up.makes indie game more awesome and realistic
midhun b : loved it sooo much. one of the best games i've played
muneer miller : great game, way better than the older version i used to play
zarah ahmed : beautiful graphics, easy gameplay, great music, probably the best game ever!
joshua vineeth : ambient music, ambient colors ,lama's , and when u have power up ur scarf glows into white ... superb concept
parul s : love everything about this game! i've spent a lot of hours on this! #no_regrets
sheema imtiyaz : loved it.but i didn't liked the zen mode
fahmi bouj : really nice one. liked the background music especially w the earphones. zen
vedant singh : loking good nice game nice graphics good music never get boared
amanda marie : the only thing i don't like about it is prices
blungy blop : a very fun game that has a very large action point because of the backdlips
sai prasad : one of my favorite games in my life. the background including look and feel is awesome
raman singh tomar : well i usually dont give my reviews but this game is commendable excellent graphics pleasant music lovely
prabhat singh : best game ever in my life. i will never complain about it.
gautam sunil : beautiful game. truly feels like ur in some magical place.
diarrah malan : it's a good relaxing app that let's you have fun in nature
blackredcrowhart : the soundtrack is sooo relaxing. i love this game so much.
rushi kumar : guys its awesome ..download ot but its a never ending game
arthur dwaine guillermo : i gave 5 stars because it's addictive and cool.
roberto rosas : probably will download this on my nook. it looks like a good game.
a google user : this app is very good!! i love it!! even though i get loose in a second, i just love the app's style, it so creative. so i live it!!
bindu sreeraj : this game is beautiful. the music takes me to other worlds.
anirudh gusain : totally loved it. have been playing this game since 1 year.
muhammad yazid rahman : keep seeing me the alton adventure logo
cannabob_d tv : love this game helps me kill time and the kiddos love it
tabib alam : it is a really good game.its performance is so good..in one word it is
excellent
arnie layague : the graphics damn :)
kiki frazier : most amazing relaxing game ever, and really easy to play
rahat sam : and the sound quality is much better then ever i just love it
rahul kashyap : i m in love with this game specially the zen mode it's too good
walter binion : it's a very good game to play and relax. i recommend this game to others
connor murphy : it is so awesome that i could play all day.
tconquesso 22 : it's a great and fun app yo play in your free time
len dig : after a few seconds from launch it locks up.
whistful days : reminds me of a sony game, like flower or journey, amazing artwork
daniel millington : my friend just told me about how good this is can't wait to play
m j : this game has a simply play but facinating graphics and visuals.
gerry birchall : would not run on my lenovo tablet, or was extremely slow to open
kyle chavez : but the game mechanics is the same as the game ski safari... but better
nicholas jones : this game is actually peaceful i love it i rate 100% all the way
ibrahim naem : it's control is awesome and it's best in htc phone
alawt : its an amazing game and its free its like limbo and has amazing over the top graphics and awesome gameplay
a google user : its is amazing my fav game to play all day long
gopi kishan murmu : it is way better than temple run 2 .
amnesh kumar : it's addictive and i personally feels that it's a great game
saikumar boddu : amazing graphics great music i just got addicted
renjan .r.i. : beautiful settings and music. can be challenging st times. definitely a favourite.
maria del rio : im only rating 5 stars because the company is called "noodlecake inc."
sean iverson f. quitan : the art is amazing and so is the music, great game all in all. (' u ' )
a google user : beautifully designed
pratik ganla : ths game was superb running smoothly nd graphics quality lightning effects day nd night mode really good
dc king : i love this game this game deserve 5 stars
anzar dimasius : this game is good, nice graphics, but add a costume and pets
marco saint : i love this game there is not a single problem, awesome.
a google user : so cute! it has great animation and so addicting. love it!
tharkshan selvam : it's a good entertainment to relax your mind
lebron ransom : best game easy to play
ansh : would love it if a multiplayer mod is available..playing with friends will be good
andre ramos : fun to play, fluid, beautiful graphics, challenging. best i've played on android.
r. fajri : no comment i think, everything is beautiful and funny
typicalbadass : it's so nice and peaceful
ping mamiya : this is the most relaxing but hard game ever. its the best
benjamin : reviews made this game seem more fun than it really is.
max milio : this game is very calming and fun and it actually helps you unwind and its awesome
niall asher : so great. now i'm just waiting for the sequel to come to android
idrissa jones : great game, when you just want to play something simple and fun.
vincent caga : very nice graphics! and the game is nice too! uhm can you make a rpg or adventure with action game (2d)? and the graphics is like this one? that would be very awesome too! i know you will make a game just for me. =) keep it up! and i love the game "blockheads"! maybe update the game and add some cool stuff like guns, etc. im a fan of yours! =)
chaz buchanan : the game looks amazing but it won't open on my hudl 2
ethan hunter : relaxing, but difficult enough i can play it for hours
lucas goins : although simple very complex, hmm, i give this 5 stars
bailey chandler : this is the best game i have played in my last life.
santosh kumar : i like this game. relaxing music and much more
mjolnir gaming : awsome gamplay thats all i have to say.
sky trekker : fun while playing. you must have this chill out game
shrijeet punewar : getting nice experience playing this game. good work team.
suzana dean : i love the game it's relaxing and fun to play 5 star for sure
suprianto : i like this game, it is fun has good graphics and soundtracks
brian surin : visuals, music, animation, game play, everything is done to great perfection
ashish sharma : goooooooood what could i say everyone thing is good
dipesh mehta : not giving money but being start automatically
naruto : i love this but the devs. should add a story mode in it too.
a google user : it's just too good for a game. the graphics are just amazing
heiland tatum : best game i've ever played it is amazing all the controls is great all of it is just the best game i just love it
daniel withey : addictive but not rage inducing. very fun and calm game to chill out with
ximena velazquez garcia : this game is amazing, i love it, i can pass more than 3 hours playing this
marvin zamoras : the graphics + the soundtrack = perfect game to play
surendra babu : really enjoyed it a lot was one of the best games i've ever played
abhilash vadnala : nice graphics..so we can enjoy the game play
rohith ramesh : the soothing music,gameplay and the simplicity makes it perfect for everyone to play
warun chhetri : i love this game.it is a very funny game i have played.
shailesh sharma : it's an amazing game but want to know how we can play alto's odyssey
sayel sherif : one of the most beautiful ganes out there, absolutely relaxing and mesmerising.
sai chaitanya paruchuri : best if played with headphones on
gabriel morales : one of the best games i've ever played. passes time greatly.
a google user : 2 year ago i had to play this game. ..it's broken all games
lil snaz : i love this game more than any other games on the play store! make some more games please
bandoopeaks : this game is simple yet hard when you first cum to it seems very irregular you should definitely play this game
hadi el-najjar : why oh why didn't i think of this!
a google user : cool wish i didnt die so easy but cool
bluepenguin yt : this is by far one of the best mobile games ever. 10/10
crippled tuna : i love it! can't wait to play alto's odyssey
yoplays : seeing the images i am saying
athul krishnan g : very nice game.......the scenery and the music.....the mountains....snow,rain and everything is awesome and cool i recommend it to every one
laugh w jenni : its a good game but i never found out how to jump cliffs.
akshaya kumar behera : very good app.this app will become a top game very fastly
46 navaneeth : overall it's a good game but i suggest some more graphics in this
abdul kareem m : should get new skateboards and need to have tool to loose elders
burberry london : this would be better played on a bigger screen.
unprofessional youtuber non : a really good game it's worth downloading please download it
michael polizzi : this game is amazing it has beautiful graphics, i would recommend
phreshh : more characters plz to make the game more lasting the generation.
haru ai okabe : need more improvement add more obstacles and many more
evergino ocampo : um its fun because you kept on sliding on a surfing board:-)
trestan g : great game, but could use some more content.
ryen hastings : great graphics! one of the most addicting and fun games i've played
abel balla : this game is freakin awesome. the graphics are beautiful and the game is perfect.
a google user : soft graphics and and good music. snowboarding across the mountains and
unlimited land
beyabay : in appstore its costs 0.99 dollar but in google play its free
francis schaeffer : cant wait for alto's odyssey
panji laksmana : cant be played on zenfone 2.
a google user : sorry it's very kevalam game
cj scott : this game is so amazing and very addictive. the graphics are incredible!
himanshu verma : game has simple stages.but this game has magnificient graphics .the game is moderately additive.
a google user : it's too amazing game love to play it graphic s are mind-blowing
rip roach : controls other perfect nicely done, graphics not sloppy.
manish kushwaha : very good graphics and i love this game very much.
josiah mcelyea : excellent game, with particularily gorgeous graphics and soft, peaceful music.
edmond jonathan : after playing this in ios i knew this would come for android and i love it!
kenny bailey : greta graphics magnificent very good noodlecake studios.
berzox : this game is amazing beautiful background. it's really simple too
oli mitra : great graphics & awesome background score. soothes me down whenever i play!
pikachu crazy : simple controls and great game play. if you could make a free run mode and make landing a tad more forgiving that'd be perfect!
someone : so why is this game so good i had to tell my friend at school.so yeah this
is my type of game
spizaleftw : this game is great i make videos on youtube for this game. btw my youtube
is thaoneandonly 1264
emil cioran : this game is best in the world i never played such a amazing game good graphics and music make me sick
andy quintero : this game is really peaceful & relaxing,the game is soft & quiet.but its fun.
seenath rasheed : i love this game because i played it on my cousins house . its very beautiful in night and morning.because i love this game
amait vikram bharadwaj : please add more gaming modes and different musics in limitless mode.
play channel : altos adventures is the best game out there. i recommend it
godseye : the music is so relaxing , great graphics and very addicting
anime bakudan : its a nice game ya know the music and the scenery are a perfect combo.
kristina weare : love you and your family. i honestly need to make more awesome games.
ignacio elia : too addictive. had to uninstall it. but it definitely is a great game.
great controls and gameplay. beautiful graphics. amazing.
pcstudio : the visuals were incredible and the gameplay is worth recording and
listening to music with.
jack william wetzel : my friend luke loves this game so i do to!
steve randell : i'm mean it's a good game too play i would play it its have good graphics
xtreme ninja : awesome graphics cool gameplay nice story fantastic game this is everything
about it
a google user : so beautiful, wish there was a sequel. very imersive, would play more. add more characters.
reiiize : i enjoyed it and the graphics are cool and the night cycle its really cool and make u focused on the game..
pritik ali : the game is flawless with some laggs
aaron washburn : amazing game play with tons of replay value. a near perfect gaming experience.
jamil ahmad : nice after all but a bit blury sometimes
silver fire : amazing game, very well made. and also beautiful soundtrack! its the best game i have ever played! i love this game!!
ahmed malik : it's not interesting to party the game play is slow
chandan mercury : what is there is to tell one of the best game of the day pls download this
game who do not download it addictive game superb
tomas furst : best mobile game i have ever played. most beautiful graphics.
rebecca klade : it's absolutely astonishing, it's has relaxing music and the full background is beautiful.
sirag uddin hossain : this game is awesome and i will give it full marks. wahhhhoooo!!!!
steve day : super relaxing, great music, beautiful graphics. play on your own time. play offline. as always noodlecake has tested this game very well. this game truly transports me to beautiful snowy mountain slopes. so to me.. this might be the best app game ever ?? !!
bwembya chitalu : awesome if you don't like this then i don't know what types of games you play
gabriel lamza : one of the best mobile games out there! relaxing and easy to play
pemmaraju rohith : good game.... played a very good game after a long time ...i wish it could support htc mobiles too...
a google user : this game is my life (not really but yea)
prateek majhee : issues are still there. game freezes
joel rodriguez : games is so fun i play it every day it's like a morning starter
wolf lore : the colors were great and the game just doesn't get boring
bhargab das : classy and majestic. it reminds me of my childhood in the early 2000's
hazwashere : never seen a more relaxed and happy game to play. gg
moonpiejenkins : this game is easy to play and fun.
jose segura : it's simple and easy plus a little fast paced and fun.
a v n l anurada : lill tough but great . one of the best games i've played
yuvraj vasisht : 1st game i have installed for the second time. loved it team.
miskat abdullah : just awesome.love it so much.no haters of this game,only lovers.
rubaiyat rahman : one of the best games of the market. simple but amazing graphics
alvin arkansas : it is fun indeed. but the main fun is the simplicity of the graphic. really interesting
migara lakkhana : this is a best game that i recommend to play. i really loved it
kobrakid : you guys should really get this game. amazing graphics also.
samuel watson : beautiful, peaceful and relaxing. always want to play this game.
newbie x2 : the best game i've ever played! so relaxing music! please do more games like this!!
andrew murphy : awesome game! beautiful views and some great game play when you feel you need a great time!
jordan adelaide : great game with a great feel, i always end up downloading it again
zack johnson : the graphics are super fluid. a very fun and addicting game.
brian kubinec : great game with beautiful soundtracks. it also has great graphics and the game is generally relaxing
alejandro m : whenever i am in the car i play this game. its really addictive
r p : lost all progress at 30 th level when game suddenly disappeared
miguel fernandez : super fun game, super addicting and the music is awesome!!!
harman preet : this game is very cool great graphics,easy to use, time killer and many more
joei urea : good vibes music, simply but fun and a must download
a google user : make a alto's adventures 2
fernando solorzano : make the preso have boost.
caitlin leron : i love the gameplay!!and it has no bugs and i love it has to do with llammas!!i can play this all day
aleksa spasic : great graphics, great music and great concept !! i'm speechless
mubeena tabassum : very nice game for speed likes and very good animation too
haidar half a second : i loved this game since it so many different places to go in this game
harshit chaudhary : this is very peaceful game, i'm never play game like this.
surjit singh : super fun and simple game. never gets boring. and great graphics and music.
katerina beklemisheva : i loved it, very cool and love the change of weather throughout the game
johann wigginton : very soothing and peaceful game. so happy that zen mode was added to up those attributes of this game.
aakanksha garg : this game is a hit in my family!
a google user : this game is the most addictive game ever in my life. it is so cool game.
krishna chaitanya : smooth graphics, super cool control and has an ending. brilliant game overall!
fanimation studio : absolutely gorgeous scenery and blissful music that'll make you hooked immediately
adhit wp : simple and addictive, good upgrade mechanic that makes the player play continously
vincent nicotera : the graphics are amazing and it's a butiful game. the controls are awesome and the game play is breathtaking.
kyle jackson : paid for this on my ipad but i love it so much that i'm definitely downloading it on my android!!
uncle otis : it's a very good, casual, relaxing game and i love it
cunningninja cal : i love the art style the music and charecters and scenery is beautiful very impressing
gaming 990 : this game boost my mood..with dat relaxing music..you all should try download it and feel when playing it!!
omkar raut : i m not played this game yet. but i feel game would be awesome
quintin joker : it's indescribable.its just amazing.its relaxing,good graphics, challenging but easy. but overall amazing
inam ullah : it was a nice game but you better should use a little colours more than you have
guess what : i spent over 30+ hours on this game!!
kai carpenter : it's super hard to get characters good game though
vajrapu bharath : i'm addicted to play this game
jan markes roots : extremely good,artstyle gameplay music and all around chill game.
devil gamer : it has great soundtrack ,soft graphic and many more.
adelaide banwari : the games terrific no flaws killed it guys
sam : is such an amazing app, and sometimes i feel that i wish i was on the adventure
shivani patel : its a very good game with mind blowing graphics.it really deserves 5 stars
basab ghosh : great graphics. love the way the scenery changes
a google user : this game is amazing. the graphics are so good and i love the flipping
evilxlilxbunny : this game make me chill with its music and stuff oh my god wonderful,wonderful game
rithika sivakumar : i have loved it .it is so nice great breakfree game
robert harrison : best game i have ever played. addicting and a great time consumer.
tak tak : very pretty and relaxing. well maybe except for the elder dude lol. great time passer.
sumaiya anjum : it is a cool game. can't stop playing it.
clarc benedicto : this game is soo....cool best game ive ever choosen the first i saw this i thought it was rubbish but...when i play it its super cool keep uo the good work
mary eric : u know tis was the worst most stupidest app i have ever come across in my life. pls dont donwload it it is just a waste of time.....,.........................
a google user : ultimate music but only thing is at night nothing is visible
mubeen mohamed shahul : that's good as you have released this game a week before my birthday
bijay tamang : loved it everything..so.can you guys make it online to play with other
player thank.you
con-man 13 : this is a good game that is freakin amazing play at your own cost it is addicting
femin karyat : music and visuals at its best. game is simple yet addictive. excellent job from the makers.
josh fogleman : t you have a great day at work now and then i will be there for you to be a good day at work and i have to go to office today and i have to go to office today and i have to go to office today and i have to go to office today and i have to go to office today and bloody mary bloody mary bloody mary
nsimr auvy : i cant hack it it is a wonderful game but i cant hack it
lovepreet aulakh : very bad so do not download
tanadul khamkhod : black screen on zenfone5 lolipop after title
trevor doyle : art style is simple, yet beautiful. game is very relaxing
guess who i am : too tough for my age. but nicely made . keep up the good work.
a google user : i had loved background music which is played in this game and also i loved the game so much thanx for the makers who had made it
seema raut : nothing much better than play this play when i am getting bored even in 2d view it look so real
a google user : i like it but he graphics and controls are in very very very love it. i like alto adventure
vincent lopez : it very relaxation because when i'm mad with my brother it cool my mind
jeremy linkinhoker : nothing amazing about it. just another game.
a google user : it's a sediment game to play with me and my friend
hariom agrawal : most worst game in the world please don't play it
vash : was great but now it only seems to frequently crash at random
aniket baruah : it is the best game i have ever played i love this game and i suggest everybody to play this game thank you.
paras singh : this game is very adventurous
xdhrubovai : this is truly my most favourite game.this is a challenging and also very relaxing game.love it
kid perfect : graphics are great no problem with the game.also zen mode is peaceful
reggie galindo : this looks like a cool game but i cant even play it. kinda sucks...
imran hussain : i love this game, but, it would be better if it had more to it
anthony reyes : i played the demo and it was great. cant wait to see more.
fadly rahman : no words can tell how good this game
eimear galvin : this is a great game, really satisfying and relieves stress.
y : ridiculous permissions! simply not necessary
alfie fajri hardian : blank screen after title...i dont know what happen..fix it and i will give 5 star..
miko febrianto : this game is amazing, the graphic and gameplay is so interesting.
jeremiah bennett : it's a calming game i like the peacefulness of it good job creators
aaron t : just a great game overall with many challenging objectives. a must have
a google user : marvelous game ever played. really it refreshes our whole body and soul
numire najjar : this is awesome just like any game from noodlecake can't wait for updat
uvindu dissanayake : i love this game it's has beautiful musics and sensitive sounds
echo : awesome game for passing time when i'm biking. love the art and graphics
sam e : very addictive and i like your style the way you made the game man...
tsuki gobrr : this game is so addicting and it's like doing yoga but with your thumb
a google user : i love this game. it is so calming and relaxing. i think if you are stressed try the game
tj colborn : could not do back flip
emily fydenkevez : had this game on my phone for months and loved it, the graphics are so stunning
a google user : its awesome graphics makes my mind refresh . awesome
gameplay,graphics,control .
a google user : it's a beautiful game where you can relax and try to get a high score
itzy bitzy spyder : no ads, relaxing, addictive, great graphics. good job for making this game. :) :)
bu5hm45t3r : amaaazing game, amaaazing, materialistic, nice and smooooth graphics, all i doest love is that elder
randomtranzit : its not the best or the worst just fun.
a google user : it is a very great game love it good time waster too
suhid 97 : really good game and graphics. i really love this kind of graphics. and gameplay is awesome too
travis marshall : i saw it on a ipad at the store and played it...pristine graphics and realistic movements...hard to tear away from....
sishir k.c : sooo cool. i really loved the weather there in the mountains
theoriginalcz : great all round game. love the look and feel of it. i think the developers should expand this game.
msta nasty : love how you can do all the flips also great graphics
theperfectcelibate : good, but gameplay is not so interesting.
ganesh sai : i ts good but we cantunule is boring sanjay
thereal #adog21 : fun and a good way to calm down after a hard day
luca : download it it is so awsome seriously at the start kinda hard but it gets so easy after time
raju ganga : it is very interesting to me one small boy altos adventure it is very
marvellous game
jades arthollow : i love this game so much. it's so calming and simple. absolutely awesome!
jacobo alonso beltran : fun and original game, cool graphics and i wish there's more characters
anita chakri : awesome one of the coolest games ever played!!the background music was awesome
alpo : beautiful and chilly really nice. music is relaxing gg
erika carr : i saw the game in the tablet store and it was love at first sight!
exson ikosia : best snowboarding game i ever played.
aron aron : all i could say is..."this game made my everyday special"...i don't really know why...but every time i play this game...i felt peaceful,relaxed,happy...and this game is also good for challenging your friends... so i hope for: multiplayer new charactets new items new biomes/location new bosses(elders) and i also hope for "alto's adventure 2"
verifiedtn : such a beautiful game with astounding graphics. great game to sit down and play. i strongly recommend.
aiden pearce : it is very..i think very relaxing when i play this and it is relly great graphics
adwitiya dixit : absolutely amazing game with an awesome soundtrack and beautiful graphics and engaging gameplay.
u krishna : only one thing i wanna say is that 'i love this game'
dark mode : amazing game, love it. some of free revive maybe make it better
marcellino magdi : loved it .its a very good game full graphic and speed. wonderfully
a google user : music and graphics are awesome. love the free play mode.
party starky : nice concept and you'll surely won't get bored of it.
demonic rain : the graphics are amazing and the game itself is charming yet simple.5/5
nazimul islam : so much addicted game
holly hawthorn : very relaxing yet fun, easy to use, beautiful graphics!
kidd savag3 : awesome game great time killer. good way to test your skills
ferno vladyy : the game is just satisfying to watch and play. you should get it.
amit kalel : it's very adventures game and its graphics are very nice its similar to temple run2
andrew o'callaghan : it's amazingly beautiful but maybe you could add a farm or something extra
lenn touthang : will never stop playin this awesome game!
suhi tv : awesome #1 app of the year 2017 and 2016 awesome music and graphics and gameplays!!!
atul kumar : it's an excellent game. it has too good stunts and too cool missions. i liked this game.
vu khoa cat : i tapped hundreds of thousands times!
prasad bhagwat : this game always brings me closer to it-everytime i see my phone.amazing
r k p : i loved the game for playing it for the first time if you want to play a marvelous game this is the best
nikolas bartell : i love this game it has very good graphics and its easy to control and the gamplay is amazing its simple but fun
#cyber_knight : background effects and scene's are lovely, & thunder is awesome ! love to play this game !
hemant kumar : at last i found a game which makes me happy
ayush singh : this is good game but last is not least please download clash of clans
siri1 : one of a kind visuals !!!! awesome background. one of my favourite games.
blake oquist : i love this game so much, it is so beautiful and addictive
nikki keister : beautiful game and entertaining!! definitely worth the download.
shobhit sirohi : awesome game + i like that it is free on android :v
beta cripticbtk : love it.i feel its like subway surfer but less upgrades
condorrex : it's so cool that i will do tricks on a skate board on a cliff
a google user : has great graphics and looks beautiful too every scene could a wallpaper or
background
redrabbit agordon : this game relaxes and keeps my attention at the same time the music and graphics give me.life
a google user : these game is so much adventure full game so plz try this game now.
kevin marasigan : very addicting to play and a great time killer base on my own opinion!
zameer shaikh : this game is so cool and the best thing is the sountrack of zen mode the characters and the graphics is so cool that i have never played any game like it
tejas chaudhari : not bad.. but not good controls
nitesh kumar : nice game i really enjoy and liked it. i suggest to play this game and
installed the game everyone enjoyed this game.
a google user : amazing game plz download it it is a good time pass game and you'll
definitely enjoy it
ultra joker : it's soooo cute! i like it very much, thou... you could put extra effort on rendering and controls... i find controls umm "heavy".. i think you deserve 5 stars!
elijah muir : it's fun but it gets boring really fast
kush saini : loved this game , the views in this are pleasing to the eyes everything is awesome about this game
killos revenge : soo cool it's fun to play i hope they make more games
asriel dreemurr : i really really like it so relaxing i hope you keep up the good work ! -asriel
amari hunt : this game is great for those who want to relax and have a taste for adventure
toran jain : oh wow such a nice game but plz add stunt points in zen mode cause it would make the zen mode more intresting also u can add new backgrounds and few new boards plz make the collection on coins easier so that one could easily buy items from the game store otherwise the game is relaxing the music is relaxing keep the hard work going
jyoti mondal : it's a very boring game. don't download it. it's very very very bad game.
seth heese : soothing and relaxing. awesome game play, and challenging yet joyful.
shakila raghuraj : need some intresting obstacles
krishna verma : its awesome guys .it give us a wow experience guys you must try it
jermayne ray : let me download it .good luck .great grafics
ethan barrett : lovely looks and nice, simple controls. love it.
a google user : no words to say but more memory cost
sunny yt : such a great game with good graphics view. need the second edition of alto
josh caley : great game loved it when i had it on my iphone glad to see it's on android
prakash patel : this games have good graphics and scenes . i have never been played like this game ever
aegyo chan : the simplicity of the actual game and eloquent music with stunning graphics. im blessed to download this game.
deepak dubsmash : really very nice game plzz add some multiplayer future and add some more environment !
ned : it's a fun interactive game but the controls should be clearer and please add a tilt left button!
burouj armgaan : "soothing" gameplay and the soundtrack both you feel as if you're the character
emilio : this game is fun and relaxing during stress
subham burnwal : most serene , most beautiful game ever, please please try it! ps: unlocked
everything.
rizi pro : the main thing is that it's free and very attractive game
luqman hatim : gud gret gam, fenish itd in ??? weaks or munths, vry fan, has gud grafics, gud charekturs, hus a lama witch snoeboerds, gud 3s, gud snoe i r8 10/10, btw pluyed b4 appdute, and fenished 16/17 achevemints, not sure if has moar, muke moar gumes liddis
stan : it's ok if you just wanna pad your time
gopesh kannan : it is a great game with awesome animations, just that i dunno what alto's odyssey is all about
subhnkr b : this is one of the best game ever. the music the visuals !!!
thesucculentprince : it's beautiful,the music is great,and the story is cool
bezzi mehdi : amazing game good graphic . i even dare to say addictive
hyperhusky 2007 : it was great and all but it crashes when i open the app
a google user : to be honest... this game is really fun with a beautiful music.. you will have to download and enjoy it
tamil ps : i enjoyed this game alot.. friends try this game ..u will feel grate
nicolas cid : challenging, good graphics, nice music, loved the controls. loved it
rainbow the death metal unicorn : cant get enough of this visually pleasing game.
bashir khan : its graphics and music is very good and litely gameplay.
a b : its good gamr sliding,jumping not any problems
ella antonette iglesias : its so fun and easy to play. and love the action
jaina au leones : one of the best mobile game experiences available on the play store.
zayne : plz make altos adventure 2 . i loved this game .
sarah shareef : well, after opening the app, it gets me back to my home page what could be more annoying than this?
baldeep singh : nyce game with great visual'$ with great sound effects 100/99;)
debasish nayak : waiting for odyssey... hope it will be launched soon
dyton beazley : one of the best games ever, wish theree could be more games like this
stephen quandt : i have for the 6 plus and i already love this game its so much fun!
kyler dove : but tapped out is better
arnav rustagi : very good concept it relaxes ur mind and also keep giving u challenges u would never be bored
kaizen enguerra : i love this game so much you guys dont even know
a google user : kicked me out every time.
rosmy varghese : the best game i ever played.. feels relaxed whenever i played this game
paul enriquez : i scored many chromosomes in this game, all for the glory of chinchin of course
a google user : beautiful soundtrack and peaceful gameplay it really brings calm feelings to me
alexis plake : i love this game because it is so relaxing and great graphics! also llamas
vandana bamania : good controls & graphics. loved this game
here we go : really fun game loved it graphics are very simplicity that is what makes this game very fun
buddhika jayalath : loved it played for a long time. relaxing !
ofelia rey : this game is so relaxing and the music is soothing. i am enjoying it.
rajesh kumar : the graphics , ui, music everything is very good
raebear 201 : this game is addictive and breathtaking on so many levels! this game is by far the best of 2015 and 2016
archibald delorme : the smooth design of this game is nice and it have a good gameplay !
nishanth nishanth : it's nice but grafics is not good
bulod siklista : even when it's the middle of the tropical heat, this game bring back snowful memories
rahul malkala : good,amazing game can u pls do some more levels
subscribbl : beautiful graphics, simple gameplay, and outstanding music! 11/10
jamal jones : this game is so great i love this game and when i deleted it i forgot how much fun it was so i downloaded it again
muhammad fadly : this game is the definition of fun! it has great graphics and outstanding game mechanics.
jay brown : amazingly beautiful game! calming too. one of the best i've ever played.
clerin clery : its one of the super addictive games ive played so far. i love it
keliel perez : this game is verg fun, the soundtrack is great, it's fluent, graphics are
good, it's just a all around great game.
athul raj k j : this is really a good game i loved it.graphics are nice.very interesting..
anubhav kumar : well graphics and quite easy to handle . i like that . please try this game
nathan drake : it is a nice game that you can enjoy!
asian mystery : great game kills lots of time would recommend to freibd
a google user : so fun. i wish i could play it forever. i love it!!!
shabab tarique : its stunning the way its built. it makes u feel sleepy and satisfied
kieran smith : amazing but when i tried putting it on it went into a black screen im really disappointed please contact me and fix it
vinay krishnan : just change the night mode .sometimes it's too dark
irene alexiou : it is really addicting and with no internet needed you can play it anywhere!
s. a. : beatiful graphics, nice ambience music, possible objectives, .
damian jones : an amazing game, great graphics, simple controls, and fantastic gameplay.
juhiec : its just simply amazing!!more than expected
jovita ojeda : best game ever, there is almost no adds in this game.p.s wondering, i like how the scarf goes longer and longer
bend fi : your phone suck.. its all fine mostly in our legit smartphones..
sus hi : just a beautiful game! the graphics, the sounds, the concept, everything is just wonderful!
a google user : i want to play this game but i cant even download it...it always says "package invalid"..zzzz
asmara downey twiss : amazing! beautiful graphics, lovely story, easer user interface.
adam k. : great graphics, non-stop action, and overall addictive
leela : really cool music and an easy game to play.
darius 422 : good music, mechanics, yet still difficult at times
josie anne : my favorite game ever! so calming and addictive.
owen boxley : i love ,and i mean love this game!!!! what i like most is the graphics
abhinav m : i'am a game lover and i get wonderful games like this very rarely keep working on it
mohd irfaan : superb. thanks to my friend who recommended it!!
awesome1 !! : it make time go by fast!!! best game ever
bennie marwein : this game is really a game if u want to relax that is if u have patience
william md : it's a good gme it's graphics is awesome ot is reaaly an addictive game
subrata sengupta : wonderful and relaxing.
james bongato : ive been looking for cool games like this, i hope you would create more
a google user : this game always makes me relax and it also helps to remember my past .
gaming knight : the game is great easy controlls good graphics awesome power up.
mohd danish adam : the graphics is great and it's good!!! i think it is a great choice to be a editor's choice
bram : decent game, nothing special. actually pretty boring after 2 runs. why is the game editors choice?
mark perry : too many ads. too dark. too hard to see where you're going.
ronak mehta : nice graphics and best for playing during leisure time:)
tech general malayalam : i think nice and may be you find it as a time pass if...
ashley davison : doesn't load past title.
sidharth a : one of the best game i have ever played . stunning visuals and stunning music
a google user : i absolutely love this game, the art style is wonderful and the music is beautiful. well done!
arjun sharma : i will recommend every body to play this game this has a fabulous music that make me feel good i love this game hope same to you
nathan moore : the game is fun and a good way to waste time.
softvyxan : at the pics and i was able to tell it was good,and it is
chiang eh : very neat little snowboarder game with amazing art style.
riiddens : one of the best phone games i've ever played. beautiful and relaxing
jimit vaghela : above ordinary!
a google user : okay, wow. you are called noodlecake. lol jk great game
navdeep kaur : when we loose alto always fells down in same pose and lokks like graphics are low otherwise the game is good
diljeet singh diljeet : it has amazing sounds and great graphics
reza : this is one of the most best and beautiful android games i've ever played
a google user : this a great game the graphics are amazing but i wish there are more tricks #peace
u10500028 107_31033_ : i hope the it can make more different!!
a google user : gets my mind off things.
athira as sunilkumar : it is nice but not interesting.but i like it.
mohamed nassef : it simple game with good sound effect and its idea is very good
dharani dharan : its a great game with nice visuals and great sound. deserves 5 stars
yash : this adventure is the best i love this game i can't delete this gamr
manuj grover : most great gameplay never played a game like this.
ankur saxena : outstanding gameplay and never-seen-before graphics. simply loved it!
talha shafique : that's very good game i ever played before.. but i have to say something that in this game there are many chusses....
darkflame master : i love this game its amazin i and i hack this game to 999999999999 coins hahahahaha
emeren jae larios : addictive and beautiful graphics. keep up the good work!
mario flores : awsome design smooth graphics everything you want in a semi-platformer
kuilcomputer rkm : the great game world wlu. will ask i will tell alto
roshan baig : what a nice sounds and graphics. oh i really loved it.
the chill player : it's really not that bad but the graphics are ok that's what is good
slimeshroom : it's very fun to play
franco : haven't start the game and it stopped
smoky joosh : absolutely gorgeous and breathtaking, the music and the smooth sound of snow is beautiful. completely perfect
xxythsxx : i love the music. it has good graphics.everything about this game jt good
carolina varanda : i've finished and started this game over countless times, i love it and cant wait for alto's odyssey!
parag kannake : i have unlocked all the achievement in 2016 but its not showing now and not able to continue where i felt the game
alexandra hansen : i like this game its fun and all but i think it needs more than just pushing a button
vicky manchanda : amazing and my favorite game android game ever for alots of love for my side to noodelcake sach aa great which you did
nur muhammad : but worse
mcgee johnson : crashes everytime its opened
vidhun vidu : nothing more to tell extreamely awesome yaa
moses adenaike : for a older version poopshin some thing
ayush krishnan : its not supporting my tab
lazerbearicorn gaming : not for me but it looks nice
sujini kathiravan : up to 40 year old can play
anitha reddy : i went the last season that was very difficult
a google user : boring we have only to jump and nothing
agato rl : idk what happened the game just crashed and bye
alex arato : the left turning is broken please fix
joanna borja : unstoppable art that keeps going with hope and dreams
elizabeth co : its no bad at all i played it an japan
a google user : stupid questions i just guessed the answers
rakesh raghav : 3 class and mb waster
aswin kumar ajith : no words just simply awsm
andrei berinde : i hate this error
valerie santos-silva : oops wrong button
a google user : get now i cant stop playing this game
jeff dujat : black screen fix not working
a google user : clash of clans sa acha nai hai
ana blaiotta : the following user name and password
tharun adhithya : it says packed file invalid
sonny_drip : really desent game but the controls are horrible
vessix ghost : iy it was mean ugly suck dick and essdggffftff
alen charly : showing package invalid
dev rajyaguru : i bought a new iphone 7 and this is best game for it but don't like
tshego mentoor : it's a very good game and i have never enjoyed a game like this in my life
fr poulose parekkara : good game that i have ever played before.this game makes me challengeing
jacob whitaker : when i first played it is waz f**k awesomeness
partho podder : truly it's a great game.the environment changing fact and the sound is awsome
zyrobss : perfect and amazing physic game u dont need big mb to play this game thats give this game so awesome
rayane louhi : i love everything about this .this game has to be the most relaxing game i've ever played. the music, the graphics. everything !
a google user : it's simple but in his semplicity it's spectaculat i love playing this game
christine hendri : great offline game. soothing music background. and challenging all the way
mr. muf man : this is the most beautiful game on android and has great graphics,
milly fletcher : hate the triban woman who tries to kill you
phoebe etheridge : amazing awesome great cool
advit ch : can i have more update because it's cool
mimi stark-sharp : bro, this game is gorgeous, simple, fun, and did i say it's gorgeous? it
really is. also maya is bestgirl. thanks noodlecake for the wonderful
experience that is alto's adventure. can't wait for odessy.
james : very addictive games i ever play
zahra baiquni : every level got its own challenge; nice!
mrwhoistheboss : its not working on my galaxy c7pro man!!
a google user : most relaxing yet challenging game i've ever played!!
asma khan : its free on android phone but costs 9.99$ on apple
rj hontiveros moderes : this game is so beautiful and really,really addictive!
badal roy : its a besyest running game. it will relax your mind.
sid balsure : stunning graphics with great gameplay and easy controls make it really
enjoying game.
gautham padmanabhan : this game is worth downloading.
dendaaa : this game is the best looking game i have ever played on a smartphone
marskie fuentes : i love this game very much so i give 5 star
ramona jurice moll : awesome game im a athelite im great at parkour at real life a realy awesome game
a google user : this game had very good graphics i like this game a lot
hayder waheed : i think its very lovely game goid game play outstanding and very adventurous
ahmad rajpoot : this game is very good and i p play it all time i love this game
frost. : i loved it very very much
ruby theobald : this is so fun to play and i seriously love the graphics
eida mahadi : si awesome so mice graphic good job editor choice
juhi dubey : the game is so awesome and very addictive the background is very beautiful it simple and awesome
esabella : it's like ski safari but free and way more stuff
syed tazdid : crashes after loading ..... cant play in my phn samsung galaxy j1 but can play it in my sony xperia z1 :3
george jacob : pure awesome minimalist game!
aquino, jeric : but i'm installing only first.but hope it's a great game.
rylan leuaxay#5 : the game works out amazingly beautiful graphics
kim romagosa : because i can't know the instruction in this game
eliza bates : i loved this game it is really fun and i love how you have to jump with those keys i wish i new the person who made this game they are legands
bryan palmer : it's cool and fun but i wish they can make a second one
toastey boi : best game ever created butifull look peaceful play just a great game altogether
eks dee : a fun addicting game thats peaceful and simple yet very fun
ahmody hesham : it is so lovely and and you will be excited to the other level
karen o'reilly : i love the art style in this game it reminds me of a game call ori and the blind forest
onii-chan : beautiful graphics and pleasant soundtrack enhances the game experience
asmin tamang : i love this game n this is my second time download from my new android phone
afran shaikh : good for time pass game but it takes to long to start on my phone
soumy raghuwanshi : a good game for kids but dont play games kids it will harmful for you
dushyant singh : i played this game many times but i am not bore
deepak joshi : i love adventure game and you are also a adventure lover games download this game
anand sinha : its quite good game and also i must say good graphics
a google user : it a really fun game and easy to pick up, i love the zen mode
a google user : it's so relaxing and you can spend so much time playing it
anita jiji : really lovely animation and menu a wonderful job .... very well done
narendra m : game icon is very attractive... that's why i tried this game in the first place
amanda smirl : it's amazing. i've played this game on my cousin's tablet and i loved it. i recommend this game
emilio z. : meh. the "watch movie" button wouldn't work. i'm not interested in buggy games.
donovan : when your snowboarding at night time can you make the rocks more visible ty
rahul kumar dudhrejiya : i have played many games but this game really oceam .
aswad ali : i have played in my cousin's phone
henry r. : i was walking 8n walmart and i swa this game on the i pad so i tried it and i was just wonderful
meriam maceda : great graphics and fun to play!! 5 stars for that
only. barbie : extremely addictive i luv dis game da controls r a lil confusing tho its very fun i luv it thank u
janya hurst : love this game so much makes me happy and i love the music so relaxing
amutha sekar : this game is full kidness but i like this game because i am a kid
rabbani rabbani : no control works after play one tim e totally waste if tim e
ooo oo : very very good but if they have two charactets it will be so so good
gabby karleskint : i love this game and you will will too thank you to the developers your doing great
a google user : adorable.. give a good and rest feelings
yura shepelevsky : the game looks great and relaxing
pippa williams : gr8 graphics its amazing how they put it together
iain rutledge : this is so good for calming me down and the graphics are amazing
bruce wane : nice game good graphics and marvelous locations and music is awsome
megamac2005 : amazing game very addictive keep up the good work
nicholas corti : this game is fun i am boss you people try
aryan meshram : but awesome game
abdellah fariz : the best time killer i love the experience of the game
jenice story : the play style is amazing and i love it
pradeep kumar : i am downloading but it is shown that palate in bails
sidhick mm : best looking game ever the music is mind blowing
merupo abhishek : when i started playing this game it reminds the enjoyment of my life
ernesti : this is the second best games i have ever played
hassan naji : i just wish that there was a point to collecting lamas
pragam : this game is very good plz download it
irshad s : one of the best games i have played
alejandro juarez : it was so fun i loved playing it
a google user : best game ever to stay zen thanks to the relaxing music
a google user : relax and chill time for me thank so much helpfully
a google user : i love playing this game in mt spare time
a google user : great graphics but no actual gameplay
andrew joseph : thanks to material design the visuals look amazing
moises d. : it is a good casual game and its perfect for short time playing
holly rood : i have downloaded it on all my devices and still love it
a google user : i love this game because it has superb music and quality
bryson : it is just perfect and i ment 5 stars on graphics
hindustan insecticides limited : awesome game just 1 word describe its awesome
al_jaybeast : i thinks you should add where the world can be different
boris delev : i love it when i play it i relax so much beacause of the music
samanth neti : the game is very interesting
a google user : it is better they other game i have played
a google user : best game and relaxing sounds good when headphones almighty best
a google user : this game is so cool i think the graphics are good
anurag roy : awesome guys awesome graphics i am mad about the game
raul reyes : i love it its so fun and cool and awesome
begaram khoja : thank u noodlecake studio make more graphical games
scythe theofficialbnp : it is amazing and can calm you down if mad
axel paduano : very calming and a great time spender with awesome graphics
lt.ssundoo 123 : the best snow boarding game of all time
elijah helton : i love this games its really good
devansh kushwah : great graphics and like to complete the levels
ashweyth sunil : awesome visuals soothing music and an overall addictively amazing game
adhirath taak : mind blowing but i am waiting for the alto odyssy
vittu : amazing game zen mode back ground song superb
kaushal kishore : i like and enjoy this cool game
aravind kumar : this app is so supper and have good animation
moustafa moufeed : amazing abd magestice game sorry for the spelling
marcell mathers : smooth gameplay nice graphics plz download it and play
a google user : love this game please upload altos odessey soon as possible
a google user : it is totaly a amazing game which i had never seen
jay katori : fun great graphics though could use a story line
alex cadenas : this is the coolest game i had ever played
cody deel : addictive and easy to play
a google user : i loved it because you can change your person
dylan 404 : this game have beautiful grafics and good physics
a google user : very good time killer and great graphics
barker boy : one of my favourite games of all time
alen poehlman : greatest graphics ive ever seen on a mobile game
luljeta dema : its just amazing game i really like so much
anoop bajpai : beautiful game it clear my mind and give me a relief
akmal reezal : what the hell i cant install this crap
ravinder sharma : i have played it it is a adventures game one of my best
ashford family : thia game has won my heart
harvey foster : amazing adictive and fun make sure u play it
dave christopher : this game is better than ski safari 2
mg7 : this game is hard and easy and you could do triks
a google user : connor do find exes shudish thick fb if
ritwik sinha : nice game but some new scenes can be added
a google user : an amazing game i personally really love this gam
mckenzie dann : i love this game it is soo fun you should download it
durgesh nagwanshi : the background light and dark colour combinations make it unique
ranju das : good night my friend this game is soooooooooooooo cool
nahla shannan : cool
arno ryser : very calming and overall just puts me in a good mood
a google user : one of the best relaxing games ever especially in zen mode
karanvir singh : music make it peaceful and calm and is quite fun to play
addicted to milk : the graphics are beautiful and the controls are pretty easy just tap
anuvansh taak : mind blowing but i am waiting for the alto odyssy
langton : i love this game to death it was very cool to play and download
a google user : awsome but its too hard to parkour
anirban chatterjee : the graphics coupled with the music makes this game a delight
benjamin stewart : best graphics ever for a phone game mind blowing
7tx astro : really the game is super and the graphics is so good i loved it
joy py : its very easy game and also fun great graphic
robbie mauger : a must have for any mobile gamer
a google user : superb awesome excellent i will never forget this game
rahil gulzar : great graphics most addictive game ever please download it
david s : perfect little game if you need to pass the time
diana : this game is amazing i love it the animals are v great
rushiraj gadhavi : this game is very nice i like it so much
a google user : i love this game make more games like this one
sidharth : it is very interesting but no missions to do
bee's knees : at night it gets to dark but other than that is fun
harry sidhu : cool anyway game is great sound is good
a google user : its an fantastic game i have never seen before
a google user : get it super good and easy relaxing peaceful ext
jennifer andrews : the graphics are so cute and the music is very calming
aurelia mccann : great game some bits are hard but great fun
s.k boms : aweeeeeesome game very nice beautyfulllllll
a google user : osm game nice youtube channel subscribe jo creation
bhanu theja goud : backflip time is too long and no scope of 2x backflips
vicedgod studios : i think this game gave more thrill
violet sekae : it takes long to download but very addictive game
supersmilingcat : great game get it and play cause yeah
kabir singh : there is beauty in its simplicity
rasmus laine : uninstalled because it wanted to know phone history such as bookmarks
tiffany spitali : this game is awesome and fun good time killer
alex enigma : this game is always my goto at the end of the day
priyanka soni : its my fevorite 4 forever nice game i love it
a google user : the game is great but the guy goes a little to fast
mr jamicansquid : love this game because of how its super peaceful and nice looking
wack wabbit : a minimalistic but beautifull game and relaxing soundtrack
ape : i really love this game its super realaxing and fun
antoni alexis descartin : the game is great and relaxing and its fun to play
samuel leong : amazing graphics and simple gameplay with achievements that makes it quite addictive
jonathan schmidt : this is a awesome app love it advise anyone to get it
louis james : the style and gameplay are both brilliant worth installing
jocelyn perez : i love the game it is so peacful and it has gentle music
daymion : i like this game because it keeps me relax
himanshu bhangale : the game is awesome and i liked the background sounds and graphics
ronak raut : it is fun an very interesting game which i licked in my
a google user : this is the worlds most gorgeous and beautiful game of all time
galactic studios : i would highly recommend this game it is great for pass time
manoj patil : pretty game doesnt crack like other
nahary almeida : this game is very relexing the song i just loved it
hannah riggs : it was a very good experiance of wonderful game that stand out
giovanni cervantes : second time i playd it i cryd
min chun chi : ilove this game so much and i'm crazy
calanon the wolf knight : i kept freezing on me.. i wouldn't bother
kritmohit singh : awesome graphics good controls and work properly get this game now
a google user : this is my favourite game ever. it needs a lot of time to download the app
jatin kumar : good and a easy way to time pass , scenery is also good
jeffrey perol : this game is so relaxing and beautiful i hope there's more games like this
hannah c : it's a great game but it keeps forcing closed.
harsha bharadwaj : frame rate is a little low though .
a google user : the best game i've ever played i love the graphics
kaitlyn rodley : all i wish is that you would add some more characters and maybe levels?
cause some of the challenges are actually really hard...
sanya agrawal : it's superb...i can't get my mind out of it and beautiful places
danyal khan : its a great game beautiful music and awsom weather i love it
claww _ : its not even working i click it and it stop it crashed
a google user : i think that game is good but not so much
dilli basker s : its a good grafic game but they should improve their consapt of the game
huzaifa ahmad : it has good graphics runs good on the samsung galaxy s7 edge
james fowler : has best graphics on my phone i ever seen
ryan smith : this game is so awesome i watched my aunt play and it is awesome
mahdi j : nice game its really awesome i recommend you download this game
joey simmons : nice flow and game style always play it when i have free time
shashwat kumar : graphics are awesome and it sticks into your mind throughout your gameplay
leena jha : nice i love it but i can not complete the gaps between to mountain
vikas dhanavade : nice first i think this car game because my car name is alto
surendra raikwar : what a game has too good graphic
shivansh bhattacharjee : this game is so cool and dark at the same time
a google user : it is a great game i think you should make this game with new maps
aayushmaan singh : very great app i loved it so much it is very great and full on entertainment
mckayla martin : awesome its a fun quick game to play on a road trip
preeti desai : the game is quite addictive and is really good for time pass playing
gaia xavia : is just cool because it has a beautiful background and music and it has no
gliches
sandhya senan : this the most awesome running game i have ever seen
caine vaughan : this game is just completed my life it is such a relaxing game absolutely love it
kieron davis : it is so much fun i put on headphones and i can play it for hours
unseenable dude : the game itself was great but it ia not my type of game
the ninjagamer : it on my laptop and now my phone
a google user : good game it is time killer but not best
justanillusion : this is amazing just beautiful game i love the graphics and everything
a google user : its really an awesome and addictive game feel like to play every time
ella ralston : this app is so wonderful through all the detail and imagination
eben abraham : it has a good execution but lacks in ways more than one
a google user : the graphics are stunning of this game and i installed it 2 times and still
enjoy it
sabyasachi biswas : the music and the background graphics is all that makes it feel great
treatment for dialysis snehal : what are the good animations we want these i loved it this is game
red dead eye : it just is beautiful and fun to pull off huge trick combos
a google user : please create more like this game with relaxing music and good background
view
tinmar swe : the makers of this gmae are geniuses
a google user : i loved the tasks like to do 3 backflips and the lamas running motion
ms lokesh : just awsom i love it the game was just awsm
michael cadet : it cool because it make you think a lot
devon o'neal : this is the best time killer out there that doesnt use wifi
a google user : if there were more options it would be nice but great game
just hack it : it is awesome compact and quality content but it lacks new tracks and modes
dee pak : firstly entering into the game gives you a new feel
harpreet singh : awesome game great graphics but need some more characters and tools
shalini sharma : game graphic is so best love we loved ever
luigimini : the game looks beautiful you have done a good job noodlecake
hamzah amad : amazing how much you can play it and not get bored
erika wright : best game u could ever have its great i love it
jb law : i played this game at the apple store at mall of america it is amazing
spideyash tj : cool and superb of it to create games like this are good and fun to play
rustybolts k pears : lacking ability to use air mouse or madcatz controller
idiotic memer : this game is by far one of the most beautiful games i have ever played
helloo : i like it if you could make another one that would be awesome
paul silver : it can of reminds me of another game
rayven janolino : i like the music and the background soo il give it a five
ioan roberts : by far the best game ive ever downloaded and played from this app store
arif jafari : one of the best games i have ever played on android
reddi whip : thanks for this beautiful game and for inspiring me to do anything without a problem
ciarra simpson : this has the most amazing graphics i have seen and it beautiful
leesha pv : best game i ever downloaded wish you to make more games like this
fatheadclips : this game is so amazing and the best part is its free
david parody : i play this at night so it would make me fall asleep
maxifn : great game i have it on my fire tv stick to great for relaxing to
josh seager : such a good game smooth running and no bugs or glitches
a google user : it has great graphics and outstanding game i love it so much
uchiha viranga : beautiful feels like im on those mountains the soundtrack is really moved me
a random guy on internet : awesome game and the long run had me good time pass in aeroplanes
srinivas koruprolu : this is simply mind blowing game aim not expect this at all
adarsh k : good game but if it was little too zoomed in night would be nice
vishal rai : its a very nice game just let it be downloaded a little bit faster
l amarendra singha : very very eye soothing graphics with great concept and music
alex reed : one of the most visually stunning games ever played on my phone
alondra guzman : fifth they rbc tbc sbc tux egg
vishek kratos : this game is simply magnificent and also will give u a peace of mind
kevin rehrey : its really coaol my friends and i see who can last longer
prabh lubana : this game is gorgeous who made this he or she have a brilliant brain
judah mares : totaly adictive uts the best mobioe game i have ever played
mubarak saheb : this is the most adictive game i hav played
carter lapp : one of the few worthy 5 star games in my opinion
a google user : after my quarterlyvi saw this game i have been using it for 5years
juan carlos restrepo : very nice game buy still some bugs need to be fixed
a google user : it is a really good game when your just waiting for someone so download it
vijayalakshmi lakshmi : this is a amazing games and i love it when you get the best way
jake mak : u could add a bit more modes and different locations
a google user : it was not a boring game for me so far on the google play
a google user : i loved the music designs and how fun it was thumbs up noodlecake studios
a google user : this is the most wonderful game i have ever played and its so peaceful
vishnu p : i learned to play very nicely after some time
a google user : its so cool and relaxing but can you please make new characters
jordan morris : a good game i wish there were more in it but still like it
claudia yanez : it has so much thinhs thay make to awesome lol
sydney heesom : omg i played it four hours straight because its so good
pete harper : the music plus the background you would want to just lay down
quajearia burgess : love this game so much and i will play it all day if it download
husam hussamm : its realy cool and awsome u should play they did a great game
idsoccol isawesome : this is great the graphics are good the gameplay is amazing its just an awesome game
keion williams : i think there should be more tricks to do other than that the game it great
got towonder : riding down hill like line rider only doing backflips
zeiad ahmed : the game is really amazing especially the new zen mode and the graphics are good
mohanpersadh somaroo : better to buy the coins and more power up with levels in different places
mooniapillay keshaven : wonderfully a very good free to play game with great graphic i recommend it
max freya : it is so fun i played it once on my friends tablet and now im hooked
diamond vlogs and games : its awesome great games adds are not a problem to me and should be number one
georgia davis : i love this and it is a little addicting but u wont get addicted right away
sukki : very cool love it accept maybe u should add different levels
dhruv sharma : absolutely stunning brings thrill and peace of mind at the same time love
this game a lot
jordan myers : if he secondhand handy shirt intact yeah pa luff tenn is weed
dom : a great way to get away from the world and escape into a different sense of life
switzerland mk 2 : one of the best games i have ever played and it has a great art style
rahmatullah januar : at this workart amazing absoloutely
juan macias : this game is hard af no joke but its really fun
gireesan puthiyedath : the best mobile game in the world it has really soothing music the graphics is unbelievable
harland richards : this is the funnest game ever you get to do wacky but fun missions
jam music : this game is fun it really takes my mind of time you should play it
aryan manral : i love this game so much that i fin shed all label in 3 month
a google user : its good i like it but little more graphics would make it much better
mj : i love this game sooo much! it's beautiful and never lags or anything!
pacita lubid : this is the very best game app i've ever downloaded!!! it is relaxing to
watch and hear! the graphics and controls are good and accurate. it's worth
the storage of my phone.. hehehe
m0nlight : it's so cool game awesome game and great graphic
barbara dimic : beautifully designed, fun to play, can not leave it. please make more characters and levels :)
nitya chauhan : please don't download this game
a google user : i love this game!it teaches young kids to have farther limits.
kerttu saksi : it's getting really boring quite quickly
wade wilson : this game is awesome and i will call it one of the best games i've ever played
alton tuominen : this game is calming,good graphics, and it needs no network!! its a perfect way to have fun!
alex hargenrader : i opens now, i no longer get the black screen.
homer : oy,mate this game is epic
alora sieglock : wouldn't load on my device
vanessa de haro : this game is like 2k live it is #lit
noobs noobs : i could imagine that i am in a room by myself sleeping with that music i "loved the music"
ajinkya sawarkar : a nice awesome game . i like to play it .
amit pandya : this game is so relaxing. nice work guys.
putra nirbana : this is my favorite game,because like snow and i like action games
tyrone : those graphics, they are so wonderful! the sound track is good and i would recommend this to anyone!
legend - agario and more : it is very good and awesome for the ones who made this, this is very enjoyable and i enjoyed it very very much
bleda tasci : this is a great app with great graphics, and it's free!
mellow mike : i love this game i can not stop playing it ! keep up the good work noodlecake studios
11d20raunak arun : no words. just a stupid game
tekhylon armour : i loved this game could play it all day everyday
ken : the graphic is awesome. the game is simple but never getting bored.
goku san : worst game don't know why people like this
a google user : the best game and is the perfect and a capable game to be a nominee for a trophy and a very good editors choice game
aishath maharath : awesome game also really addictive i play this game like every day
james eon santiago : why graphics good night cycle good brightness good rate awesomeness
a google user : brilliant! simple, calming and great way to pass time. no ads or greedy money making schemes
manjinder sandhu : my favourite game my good is very helful of my work
jyothi khare : it is great i loved it still the revival are expensive
mettrix boy : this game is like the best relaxing game i played in my whole game life the music is mostly the relaxing part of the game
- dhillon : amazing game i have ever played.its graphics are cool the way to represent the game is realy cool
a google user : people should say this often bless your little tarter suace
crystal rodriguez : i love this game soooooooooo much plz let it have a multipleplayer
dominic goetz : this game is so cool i play it day and night
a google user : the best is the game is free on android versions and animations smoothness are awesome
mohamed jasim : i can bealive it because the jumping skills
nathaniel oakwood : awesome game so great that i cant put it in one sentence
billy quinlan : definitely deserves 5 stars is amazing and i love it
rohan roy : refreshes the mood and makes you feel good and enjoyable
anmol : i can play this all day
dante : great game very addictive but good way to pass time
naleli motaung : i think this gonna be the best gameplay ever
giorgi tsintsadze : fun game but little bit hard i can say
terencia panghulan : i love there so much nice graphics
math_maker brooo : please add some more scenic background and the characteristic music
abin rajan : download it now man please
magesticgoat 09 : its really great but just the characters arent good
fuzzy titan : i loved the game well worth it
daniel kharbangar : a really good game for passing time and love the background music
claudette mathador : il this is the best game i ever played it just like the ordinal
shawn kendall : hi this game is fun because it dose not need any antat
naveen tej : it is quiet awesome but need something more i thought
reinis rudzitis : the grapichs ar realy good and the art stile is cool
heather holub : it is just lovey the sun is awesome and the music sounds so simple and calm
jyothi rmayi : the game is just so peacefull and is also very interesting
lj r0b100 : zen mode lets me think and clear my head
kaiden candler : love this game play it 24 7 good job keep it up
distqnt vibez : loved it full on great game but make it a little more challenging
ajay teja : amezing soo relaxi am not stopped to play to dis game
carlos drake : i would have to write a whole essay to describe how good this game is
preeti shetty : and i play it i wil say awesome to the game
pranav palve : t uh fy red grand prize good
vikas gharawala : love the game but i wish they had more missions
bibhudatta sahoo : simply calm and awesome you can feel the peace as well as thrill
yazad damania : simple yet beautiful graphics that will just calm you down
michael williams : was really good i give it 4 stars because of adding ads
pegupegu sir : but looking for more characters in future updates
derek jernigan : this game is better than a camp out at a nascar race
jose joseph : very good awesome but compared to 8 ball pool not
taj hyderabadi family restaurant : the best game of 2015 i have ever played
a google user : cool fun me when u am in school playing on my phone
falaniko pesamino : it has cool adventures and its a time killer
pieandcheese 101 : nice and relaxing graphics are great and gamelan hard yet very fun
paola sanchez : love to play on the road it keeps me on my toes and entertained
a google user : this is an amazing game and i recommend anyone to try it at least once
axel mchd : what the other million that rated 5 stars said
a google user : very addictive game excellent graphics keep making games like this
ranekaka ranekaka : awesome very cooooooooooooooooooooool it amzing for playing in iphone6 plus
j kmb : app addictive i can never stop playing
talha ali : its make me to think about my childhood i love itsoooooooooo
a google user : plzz update this game with some new character or place with other soundtrack
shri pal kutar : game is so cool all that arts and animations used are great
well played who? : i just finish my adventure and all achievement huhu
jonas sargusa : could let u go faster but otherwise pretty good
arg [ajay reddy] : awesome just keep up the good work waiting for altos oddesey
shakeel ahmed : this game is awesome i loved it and make some more games like this
adhilesh adhi : this is a good game for time pass i like it very much
jesus rodriguez : i absolutely love this game the sunset is beautiful and the conrols are easy to use
shane malcolm : maybe a daily reward or something new but love it
shawn simmons : i like how it goes for day to night the graphic excellent
ankit badwal : game very nice but only backflip no more stunt
cameron morgan : cool characters but need to make the better ones faster
alvin aries : those music and graphic makes me fell relax and comfartable
rizwana sajid : this is challenging if someone is reading this comment please purchase this app
alex hellewell : i think that this app is amazing wonderful game play and sweet controls
manish chauhan : its good game everything is perfect great job done by you
dollar bill : this game is good and is about a deathdifying person that wants to have fun
benji awilijandara : amazing zen game for anyone who wants to relax and have a good time
fawn hanks : reminds me of another game that has the same good graphics
faizan bilal : it is cool and i like it so much
sarthak shahasane : very good grafics love it very much an adventures game
naithen garcia : i love im about to download it and i use to play it on m y cusuins phone
a google user : one of the best games i have played in last 20 years
rocky rollers : the game is awesome the grafics are nice and the buttons are cool too
hari vanshi : very relaxing and peaceful game with gorgeous soundtrack i absolutely love
it
shikha anoop : i loved its a great game wow beautiful
gw : i love this game because you can play it without wifi
vinny b : the game is really fun it is a great way to use your freetime
sheila talbot : no game over just no word so amazing
anusya kannan : this game is very speed and great time pass
clay walden : looking for a new game to play well here you go
anwar shaikh : super snow boarding nice game and it change day and night
raghul senthil kumar : the music and the changing phases of the day take the game close to the heart
ethan rocks18 : great graphics i wish there were more games like this
thenatbat : everybody needs to play this game it is challenging and a great time killer
jase fox : was very good hope to see more games as entertaining as this one
ksharma satyanarayan : i love this game i love this game it is amazing game that we have to collect the coins from the upper hills downhills so i love this gam
sanjit kolaprath : the thing with this game is....the music is better than the games itself!
gabrial jugjali : i am trying this game becouse i seen a video named top 10 2016 games i see it so i am trying it
a google user : you could make a better jump and it could use a few more shop rewards like a better jump and a like a few second jet pack
a google user : this game calms me down it's gorgeous and i can play for hours
har ish : the excellent game i have ever seen in the world . great music
matt duke : i'm stuck in level 32. i complete the "wingsuit for 200m in one run", but the game do not check it as a complete task...
oshikir : try you will love and im not a robot
a google user : a game with a woderfull graphics and a fab gameplay could be according to
me one of the best games till created
logan clark : love this game cool backgrounds and action packed at the same time love it
supreme god : it would be so cool if u could do stuff like costomize ur carachter and voard
zareen fatima : this game is amazing and its graphics r too awesome
anandhu nair : this game is awesome i really enjoy playing it its one of the few games i have completed overall it is fun
amal lal : the background music touched my heart a lot....... and superb ever...... must play game in the world..... it beats all other games..... you will definetly like this.... developers please add more adventures..... i will wait
shakkar : it doesn't work on my phone
celestialfn : the game is good but i'm sure that you can get better!!!
alex hesterchuk : fun? check. gorgeous art style? check. progression? check. never ending fun? check. is it great? oh yeah check. buy it now... wait... it's free? why are you still here start playing!
a google user : great way to spend time in the car or plane when travelling!!
james centeno : the first time i try this game is on iphones the game was very good specially the graphics is best!
victor daniel : i love that the game is simple and breathtakingly awesome. i also love the zen mode
a google user : no words to say its brilliant
yassir gf : desecrated: x
augustus worthen : not all that great it keep freezing.
kawaii pikmin ghdfygu : do you think you can fix the blockheads and make it compatible with all devices including my divice plz
albert gaming : its nice i give 5rates because of the hard worj put in the game
robert mills : love it all i can say is i love it but a bit to big
ashutosh malviya : games nowadays have a very matching story lines but this ones different and also graphics are great
abhinav sharma : awesome game if u guys wanna spend sum time with peace u should install it
tony carpenter : very well put together game the art is spectacular and the game is overall tranquil
darren ka : great graphics calm music just an amazing and beautiful game and i hope there is more games just like this
raghuraman b : happy we to you vasantha should talk with you get at slipper betting
swaaaze yt : the graphics are amazing! good future ahead of it!
a google user : i really like this app! it's entertaining
tiago cabrita : fun and addictive plus a great look and style to make it work to perfection
mimi b : i love this game i've been playing it since i was 10 years old i love the graphics
mitul : nic game but game will need more levels and more outfit of player and powerups
pritam sah : realistic and nice graphics but gameplay is somewhat boring.
abodi alsallom : great graphic amazing natural snowy environment its really great but i hope in the next update will be a story not free playing and some optimisations
mayank sharma : this game is same like other running games but it consists some different goals which are amazing and gives an awesome joy and experience of play
jithin lowrence : very nice game
jill selby : i love this game! i really want alto's odyssey! please make it for android systems!!!
a google user : i've been searching for games to have time pass its the perfect game for me
ibrahim awan : it is gorgeous. i loved it it is most adventurous game that i have ever seen
a google user : amazing! but need few changes in graphics!
a google user : i am still downloading it but my father has it and its good
a google user : not able to install on my device.saying insufficient storage
jessica : the music is very soothing and the graphics are amazing, well done
preman insyaf : speechless, this is the best relaxing game ever!
eli sheppard : such a beautiful game but i think new characters should be more accessible !
rebbapragada ramakrishna : it is an awesome game that i had ever played. and th graphics are awesome ...:-d
ashish j : a great game graphics superb ......... as a genetic gamer i would suggest this type of game for a perfect liesure period
ashley and logan bolton : it's good but the night makes it hard to see
a google user : this game is very additive i like this game very much when the stage odessy
come it will more great
cristian calugareanu : best platformer game ever i finished the game and it s so awesome pls add more characters pls
cam bpx : i play this game 5 days, usually i play android games one day, that's enough
a google user : it's really fun i found it from my brother and it's just really good
mohammad hadi : one of the best games on playstore dreamy music and graphics style
fantastic concepts and ideas everything is perfect
roger barstow : omg u love it it has amazing views awsome make more like that
rowe alex : over all its a really great game but can there at least be coins over the rocks
a google user : it it so good it would be cool if you could play online but i love it
as gamers : i love this game very much no ads quite challenging adventurous loved it
darren gunawan : so many good graphics and it is offline this the greatest game i have ever seen
prachi dadwal : awesome i love this game and its control are better than all the games i had download till now
riptidee : i love the scenery but it would be nice if yu could make your own maps
peter horvat : it takes to long to instal which however it looks really good and its a game that has future
blen fmg : looks neat like an actual ios app which is great hopefully te game is too
the views are mine : it is the best game in my opinion i got an android and it was free unlike the iphone version
meh man : pretty good game nice graphics could have improved on the smoothness overall amazing and worth playing
fusion team blasted : a very good graphic game nice and relaxing not boring full tp
rajendran k : it has great graphics and it is a lot addictive luv it and would like if more games this releases
ronnie rungerson : so cool saw matt play it awesome game yo ten stars my thought
preston m. : its a piece of artistry that relaxes and soothes the mind while also providing you excellent gameplay
b g : i'm feeling depressed after playing this game
a google user : this is a fun fun andwhen i mean fu i mean a very fun game
saravanan vinu : good to play a adventure game like dis
jonathan lester : every time i try it stops out of nowhere and i know that my phone has space! fix this!!!!!!!!!
nagachaitanya vankapati : i have been playing this from 2016,still i love the music and the animation
satish chandra maddela : interested to play this game and not at all boring always rockzzzz this game
deepesh babade : one of the best games you'll ever play !
a google user : the game has stunning graphics with gradual increase in difficulty.
teddy bear : we demand more graphics like this.
samantha j. : absolutely love this game! the artwork and animation are beautiful.
dawson atkins : so relaxing. it reminds me a lot of monument valley in this aspect.
a google user : the game is so interesting in the first view all thinks it was a very simple and boring game but when you play you addict of this
ahamed sharief : i didn't play it but i can say by people's choice
reese besanez : i really love this game (that's all i can say)
a1mond m1lk : relaxing, definitely a game to kill time and help you relax
joseph payne : everything from the gameplay to the music. it was fun and relaxing.
pranav kandke : awesome graphics some drawbacks bt game is good
skylight : this is a really good game i love this i recommend this to everyone!
jhaybee : cool looking graphics, great content, all-in-all awesome game
hannah schnau : i loved watching him play and now i have the fun myself!
subir das : good game but some issues over all it is goood.
a google user : this games got a great vibe to it. its fun to play and i find it relaxing.
holly riley : well i haven't played it but i've skiing irl...so you know just get this app
cioccolata : this is one of the best games i played in phone,the graphics, the music , everyting
ganesh kumar : the games out of the world man !its fricking good!
gabonki mahole : this game has good songs and so cool
taswin kumar : its data worthy awsm graphics in less data un believable
pitbull master : the graphics are amazing the game play is so smooth everything about this game is amazing
rohit foujdar : this game is great time killer i love this game so much
sanjeev siwach : i love this game very much the graphic is very good thank you for this game
elijah wilson : it is such a good game i encourage everyone to try this game
cho santana : you are interested please let me know
indu santhanam : this game is so relaxing and has a very nice music
valorybtw : the game is so so nice i could play forever
sourav debnath : i feel very relax while playing this game
enzo bonayon : i wish i have lots of games like this its sooooo relaxing
auxiliary insanity : this is the best game to play on your free time when your at work or school
sarat sinha : i just wanted to let you know that i will be in the office tomorrow
msa music : i love this game for its graphic and sound quality
sanket mithbavkar : game is look likr ski safari but graphics is perfect
bernardo garcia : it was awesome so smooth soothing relaxing and cool moves
a google user : i loved it so much i play it everyday thanks for making it
tamal sau : loved d game nd definitely the calm soothing music
ashwin's phone : really awesome game the graphics are outstanding i love the minimalistic look of the game
qori v : very simple and beauty visual on this game like a moment in live
peanutbutter p.i.e : there category of games are really simple but really awesome
alima : i absolutely love this game i play it all the time and recommend downloading it
tiwana lewis : hi i think the game is pretty good but i still love it
the pro gamer yo : it's worth it. ... trust me. :)
kylamusic : i used to play all the time, now after reinstalling (it's been a long time) it won't work :(
liz cervenka : i love the design and graphics of the game, and it has beautiful music
nikita raihanah : its boringgg
a google user : i hated the logo ofnthe game
robert musis : like the slow motions and the powers and all
a google user : loved this game no words to describe
lady lyn : this game makes me cry
mdios : this game is a great stress reliever
aqeel abid : i am addicted of this game
kotcherlagurumurthy reddy : change some things think new
rehan khan khan : not runs properly on my device
zach mangold : i wish there was more challenges
alex thurkettle : i loved this game and still do
srinivas murugan : too many glitches in the game
julian estevez : it takes a long time to download it
some guy : this game sucks its garbage
k.k. choong : another clone and run of the mill game
rajni saxena : a very much bad game
sam jebas : same as above
jamie cohrt : made my htc m9 overheat
toti za : my dad beat me because of this
fernandez jons : the challenges are crazy
schees1 schees : it us too dark
anshul sharma : best game ever plzzz try firstly played this on my ios device then on my android really loved it nice game
a google user : one of the most shittiest game ever siiiikkke best game
a google user : i love the music and love how they made it realistic whit the detaild back ground i think they made a grate job creating this game
a google user : a stress relief game..everyone should try this!
nilay karmokar : just the thing i love ... great atmosphere....peace ...no hurry to complete
objective... relaxing....and just breathtaking soundtrack....
a google user : very good game i think that this game is the 2017 best game i loved very much these game
facesist : best graphics so fair that i have seen!!
owlfonso : from the title itself of my review it's wonderful. the music, the setting of the game.
aditya jadhav : it is an awesome time consuming game and addictive at the same time
a google user : i lost all my progress. shame
barbara gray : i love it because it has snow and my kids kids love snow
yukta singh : that is a good game and its graphics is also very nice and its control also
nice
sanjay sanjay : bad romance you have any questions about my feelings and emotions that is so good and bad times a year ago today we are going to bed soon
the jammicus : perfect. i don't have any other words for it.
raphael alexander : favorite endless runner on the store. zen mode is so peaceful and relaxing.
keith craigie : nice game with pretty graphics but how is this not a rip of ski safari? plus it doesn't play as smoothly.
a google user : is good but it will be more good if u show the face of character
phoenix winchester : love this app. it's is a must download. this game tells a story tom me. last time i played this app was when it only had 10 downloads and now it has 5 million, great for the producers of this game. love it!!!!!!
koushik sengupta : damn its about time !!
drew : great game and runs very smooth.
pimchanok bunnak : simple but joyful. this game is absolute well-designed.
andres felipe : it's awesome, i love it, i love graphics and music is so beautiful
lena : the quality is amazingly and the effects got me spechless
trai sharp : so stress reliving and i love the backflips
anjan majumder : best relaxing game, mind refresher greatest controls , coolest game best music, beautiful scenery, good good wishes to the developer of the game
ghost : best game with best graphics and so addictive that i left playing all my
games after i played this game
the king : nice gane bole to sabhi download kro super gsne dhuma pad game nice music
very lovely music
a google user : there is no laging no like a bunch of adds it is just a really good game when you get broed
riot : the game was great,those beautiful places and scenes drives me crazy.....good game
kevin soh : the screen goes off by itself after long period of skating without touching......
anonymous 123 : well it is so-so but i like it
xtremeplaya2332 : yo make more games like this one please its so cool!!!and also respond me! :d
alise tilaka : great graphics and characters. fun for adults and for kids.
dhruv rathod : no words for the game that much awesome
leighton garcia : this game looks really fun, and the background is beautiful
caroline dib : i really like it it is very addictive i would recommend it
soleio de leon : this is the best game app i ever download
kynan corlett : my brother loves it and i tried it and it was so addictive and amazing
vikash srivastava : i literally loved it it also has great graphics
mhandy ropal : yes!!it's addictive and has a great graphics so probably download this app you won't regret! so thank you for the developer for a sush a wonderful app!
dominga hernandes : thanks for making this really good game. :d
shivang mishra : one of the best games i've ever played on mobile .
surya babu : very good game ever i playaed nice music relaxing gorgeous
shiv prakash sharma : great stuff good stress burster if you are in a stress play it
musashi kaneko : great graphics, fantastic game!
a google user : i like it and it's fun to play!
paul gillett : it got a bit repetative but it's a really good game
isabella insert smiley face here : i don't know how but i really like this game.
yashwanth bh : i generally don't make reviews but this game made me to write a description
paige : seriously love this game for the graphics and the music / sounds. i wish you had an mp3 of just the music!
a google user : it's a super game play it
a google user : i like the game's concept
ammar elnour : why won't it dounloud dum
power of gaming : it's sound and graphics are super it's an amazing game
rishabh jaiswal : it hangs rarely on my samsung j7 but a drastic game i ever played............
gabriel : basically ski safari but with less fun.
jubi31 : it keeps on glitching
coy sawyer : i love this game so much it's probably my favorite game so far
karan vansia : ads are terrible and they shut down game.
diwani james : it's good, just not enough in my opinion
sarah roach : lovely i really like the graphics and the concept!! very addicting.
sohan srisurya : very very interesting "amazing mind blowing fantic super" game
vinay kumar s : very good condition with all adventure game nice
timothy-jared williams : relaxing game, good graphics!
shivnarayan brahma : i personally love the game..very much
narendra k c : awesome music..magnificent scenery..oh i love the theme of skating all day and night especially in the rain..oh inspiring game..i wish we would have life of alto...
sunil sinha : great game..great music . 6 stars out of 5
simo ans : i really love the art style of it
jayed khan : when i being bored,i play this game
avinash yadav : it's not so good
vijaymurali rm : its a great game .i loved it and addicted
jonathan calhoun : out of all the games i have ever downloaded and played, this is by far my favorite!!!!
darren adenuga : best on game you can get when your offline
darwin talampas : its very relaxing to play..5 stars
a google user : it's very nice game i really lovvvved it
lily : love it so much. it is also very relaxing.
neeraj krishna r : i love this game, because it has good graphics , the game is very interesting
jordan lee : let me put this simply: graphics: awesome, style: awesome, game: awesome!! this game is amazing. i love every second of it.
vihan shepherd : after some time i am get bor bt over all the game is good for time pass
chris martinez : i really love how there is no violence in the game plus wait never mind i hate this
idrxp. ty : this is the best game in the world i want to play it for the rest of my life even when i die
santosh soni : wow please download this game i loved it this was amazing i cleared his 100000000levels
krishana chouhan : again a best unity game and i am a big fan of unity games its again addictive
haley carcelli : its the second best sport game ive ever played
a google user : this game is the most exciting game i hve ever played thank u for making
this gme
yeet yeet : they really did an electrifying job on this game please make more games like this
game secrets channel : this game is so good so awesome i love this game i love to play this game i think you play all my friends
romario mitchell : this is so amazing if i could sit and play this game whole day i would
a google user : awesomeness it simple but complex at the same time and it keeps you occupied and wanting to keep going
yaqeen sheikh : graphically great but could use a little more stories but over all beautiful and stunning
a google user : this game has such great graphics its soo calm and soothing
hrishav ranjan : graphics and gameplay are awesome but it gets kind of repeatitive
angelo bunker : really fun game, but unlocks take forever.
kishore kumar : good wheather graphics and it's addictive to play you know it's very awesome
kawaiipanda tv : never die or die really fun to play
the inquisitive one : sweet real-life physics and the graphics are great.
a google user : its music keeps us to fell relax
bum fuque : nice game... really enjoyed the subtlety of the controls and the amazing gameplay
a google user : it makes me relaxing maybe you should make more new maps but i only have a little problem but all of that i liked it
nihal sandadi : it's a nice endless runner with amazing physics.
arunprasanth : it's one of the best games i've ever played
sean connell : epic game, but the graphics could use work.
jason hart : this game is very fun and helps pass time.
kiath henderson : i played this for the first time in fred myers and i loved it!!!
the internet officer : havent played it yet looks chill lit.
prateek : waited too long for this game and finally it's available
joremirey 05 : calm peaceful does not stop this is the games of realxing
tudor williams : it's a super fun game that is very enjoyable yet so simple
kumarjit banerjee : it's an awesome game with cool graphics !!
the squid : in the game there are so many characters to choose and the best part is trying to get the awesome last character but to be honest once you get the best character it gets boring
a google user : it is a great game. also bueatiful graphics!
a google user : this game is superb i really love to play this game it's very addictive
mike beecham : i like the mucis it's risisking
dab dab dab dab dab dab dab dab dab dab dab dab : a very fun game with a great art style and fun and addicting gameplay
a google user : i really like it because it's really nice.
titan monkey : great it's even better than the other similar games.
a google user : beautiful graphics, easy gameplay equals great game.
povilas : this game is for playng when you don't know what to play
bidyadhar majhi : it's a perfect game.mobile game should have simple 2d graphics.loved it.
crypto dc : very very very great music i heard in this game. this is heart touching music and game is great and graphic also
reynaldo cabral : this game is da best game in the world. u should really download it!!!!
taiwo richard ogundipe : good graphics... and fun to play
aswin wilson : great experience. awesome gameplay nice graphics ,charming ambience
,soothing music, totally loved it
vachaspati mishra : superb game and soothing setting and music...great for relaxation
whoissudhir : how can you not like this p.s can i be a beta tester:)
sam pubgm : one of the best game i played in my life it is such a realxing game i wonder if i lived a life like alto no worriez no pressure beatutiful scenery awsm weathers traditional laamas
a google user : amazing game ever played , really i love this
yaseen khan : govt high school maneri bala swabi....
saransh bhargava : excellent gameplay. smooth, clean and simply beautiful.
jon kinzler : game mechanics sucked.
a google user : no words are their to say anything about this game ...
dylan cain : such a fun game to pass the time during school!!
briam alvarado : good game! i like the soundtrack on this game! very good
a google user : while playing it's background music makes me so... interested in playing. i can't just say about this in these simple words.. plzzzz.. download
graham ives : one of the most fun games i've played.
godjyfh dfhsuosoa : it's great fub to play with.
mary wanjiru : it's a cool game. i loved the graphics
joshua huerta a : one of the best games i've ever played
a google user : my grandmother love this game, i think.
atreus the destroyer : this game is so good and is a peaceful game to just play when you just want to sit down and want to relax and play a good snowboarding game
a google user : i started playing this game from its early build although there was bugs i contiuned playing its becase its so fun cant stop after starting it
andrea corona : soothing and beautiful, this is a fun and addicting game!!
asadullah khan : loved this game...the graphics are awesome and the music is cool and relaxing
calvin pummel : beautiful, relaxing game, simple but gorgeous. low pressure to do well.
shin 13 : force close on my phone,please fix it..
sonu jaiswal : a soothing music with nice graphics and gameplay....no doubt why it's editors choice....the best mobile game i've played
goggle assistant : found a bug that the ice graphics quality is going down overtime.
supershen10 : a beautifuly designed game. good job!
kshitij ingle : i loved the artwork and the experience.
agniv saikia : no words for it. just a beautiful, beautiful game.
a google user : totally great! i love this adventurous game!
maymon sarnicula : wew awesome good 4 you theres funny game its a superman!!! lol!
jerald bulos : doesn't ask for your money constantly.
nihaal singh : 5 stars are something it deserves.
a m : its very relaxing. and the graphics were amazing.
mariyah lowden : not my kind of game. very pretty and challenging.
a google user : i loved this game and i recommend it to everyone.
lsz : this is probably the best apps ever!
alex bluebell : let me tell you this.... i just lub the zen mode. usually games do not work properly after an update but this...omg! the music is so tempting...you cannot resist it. mesmerizing. charming. beautiful. please do download it.
syeda naveera : best advanture game i have ever played !!! really awesome :) everything is so perfect about it <3
sudhir kumar behera : loved to jump.it's a nice game to play
scorpink tattoos : i like this game..everyone should play
kushal gera : very awesome game. love to play it .
omar correa : you will love this game
machina : fabulous game. awesome graphics. good sound etc
abigail king : addicting and fun and great graphics and calming and cool and yup
tarun joarder : i want in next update will be the alto will be skating in space and lans in a planet
inub : great art style love the way this game looks and the theme and the changing weather and day cycle
poke awsome : i like it alto there is nothing wrong with it and i really liked how it is good on phones
a google user : i really like how if you need to you can just put the game down at any
moment
water_nibba : sooo much fun plus on iphone its paying but for android its free such is very convineint
messiah status: alive : it was a very good game and the characters were not bad i give it 4 stars
emily pearson : the graphics were beautiful just the right lighting to make you feel like you are in a cozy cabin
a google user : this game is awesome best game i played it a long time very deep soulful game it has that something to it
victor gonzalez : it is awsom my sitor is the beast at this game
juzztin bieber : good i like it but is little bit stuck
ashirbaad nath : some is there in game means interesting
shyamal dowarah : the main gameplay music is more relaxing than the zen
my cricket yard : yar isme sirf ak shadow hi h kha se h ye adventure game ye adventure game nhi h
bianca janet : nice game to pass the time. lovely visuals and music.
a google user : i just love the game.. it is interesting game to play
a google user : its a betuful game i the game cool it is beutu fil.
lamaine ceesay : best snow game i played it on iphone it was good it's alpine themed doing and so m snowboarders!!!!!
a google user : what a silly game is this
gandhi benitez : great graphics and best for kids and adults alike. :)
ryan dailey : this game is simple but over the top detailed giving a calming and addicting feel to it.
a google user : it's so beautiful! graphics, music litteraly everything.
owen brand : no words can describe it
a google user : i love this game, it's so addictive and relaxing!
mashood maqsood : so nice,great graphics
pay gill : it is fun when you are bored.
mohammed hafeez : this is addictive game ever i love it thanks for it!
varun singh : mind blowing and addictive game of all time. best game i have ever played
alex rojco : the graphics are so cool, and the atmosphere of the game is the only i have seen in the whole play market
aon khan : very impressive graphics and audio effects ...
jess : i'm addicted! i love this game so much!
a google user : one thing is it dosent work on nook
zen_san : i loved it ...the best game offline
shivanand banakar : it is very good game i ever seen!!!!! i like this so much i don't want sleep as i playing this game
world's youngest magician s : a game that i have played and enjoy mind it noo dlecake studios i need version 2 of this game
a google user : he game is the greatest i love this game i play it on my personal phone all the time great job
hackerops : this is perfect game for every one i love it for every phone
naresh : this game graphics is very cool smoothly to play very fantastic game this
game is very amezing
mattie brink : so much fun. very addicting, great time passer.
christy john jacob : this game is among few games that i have liked very much. the music is soothing and beautiful....graphics is very good....and an overall time killer...i prefer it
a google user : i love this game..it was so amazing and relaxing..this is offline game best
day ever..tq..alto's adventure better than mobile legends : bang bang..
felix : super repitive. same thing over and over again
souvik chattapadhyay : can't explain how much i love this game.
a google user : its a goodngame good gameplay and good graphics its my fav
mohamed moideen k.a. : it is good i can spend my time with this
zap sceptor : this game is dope and first game like this on play store recommended
sarah s : the music and the calmness is just so relexaling
siddu raj : we love this game of all time because this is the best game for fun
andrew rodriguez : this game i amazing i can bealive how cool this game is keep it up
kunal shah : its a wate nd to waste tme nd data
sujan thapa : thanks bro for making this game because its good and always be good
shamraiz khan : this is very fantastic game five stars
isham zulfi : the nostalgic feel gives you a cool feel and smooth gameplay
a b : i really like the adventure in this game and the nice background
varma tirumalaraju : you gonna enjoy the music and feel peace of mind
deepu jose : graphics us very good and very aditive game must try
johnrome the gamer : very cool cool than other snow games
frances marie : its the best game ever in app store its really perfect
nisarg patel : great graphics and very superp game i like it very much
a google user : very nice to play with this game i suggest you to download the game
diptiranjan panda : the game is fantastic and crazy and i love the game too much
raja ali : this is very amazing game because we are in snowboard
raccoons are aliens : this is so beautiful and i love playing it its so addicting and calming
artisticrock lover : this game is so cool so fun and addicting love it
teo perez : when i played i was so in love with the game
cash eyles : my brother showed me this game it is so fun
joshua davis : this game is so much fun and the graphics are so beautiful
gaming king : beautifull and relaxing music and a game for mind refreshing
lisa lewis : the best
shashank jadhav : brain relaxing game the theme of this game is very nice
jevaughn scott : omg omg i love this sooi much plz make more games
ashley mcguire : nice game i love your game and it is so fun to play
kenny tay : this game is a great game to play when your relaxed
y h singh : best game good graphics good gameplay zen mode is great
deepthi prince : with awesome graphics and theme this a good game
darkstalker kings : wow amazing i am so glad that i got the game
asanga jayalath : this game has very great graphics and very funny
oxydrip xoxo : i really love the game play developer great job on the game
a google user : it is epic yall should play this it so cool background is epic
a google user : dis game is so cool n nice
bhu bhu : best game of adventure great graphics . great control .
a google user : it is q very nice game i can play this game full day very nice graphics
a google user : it sucks and i was a lot of my own personal trainer and i have you can be a good luck with a good luck
souvik das : one of the best mobile games i've ever played.
a google user : great game. it's really good and easy controls
ansu limbu : i really love it's animation. well a nice game
a google user : this is a really great game to play. #loved it
ron 670 : add more various locations like add more scenery and more stuff but a really great game
a google user : some might not hate it but...... haters gonna hate
chaitanya kadiyal : what a relaxing game and music in zen mode.. i love it!!
lukas martinek : really fun game, good controls, and somewhat addicting
xxultrabryanxx bruh i pooped : it's fun to play when you go out or something.
d- freestyles! : i love this game super to play!
rem hiam : simply the best looking game ever on a mobile sooo relaxing and full of fun download it right now go on what are you waiting for
a google user : no comment just want to say the game is stunning
erine x : i loved it its like shadow fight and vector
a google user : sweet, and calming, yet it i like jetpack game
raydogg healy : it fun great graphics .challenging .
prashant jha : best game for ever for me till now great graphics in the game including seasons great app please add update to this game
wild vixen : beautiful story, graphics and gameplay love its originality and relaxing music
sreejith k nair : art at it's best with a soothing music.
arachno ron : chess, alto's adventure & badland 1&2
ashik hossain : great game to play with listening amusing background music...loved it
yunus poonawala : good graphics, materialistic
ayden garcia : awesome one of the best apps ever can they make it were you press left side
of screen to do a backflip and press the right side of the screen to
frontflip
baby prathap : good mini game but boring back ground.try different backgrounds
mohammed momadi : it's awesome, no more words!! ^speechless
jones : and i barley ever rate or comment
sahil bhardwaj : stunning visuals along with good gameplay
milen person : i love the game it's awesome
athene hall : this game is easy to use, fun, relaxing and is beautiful.
shubham shah : tribute to makers of game.it soothes when a person is in worry.
des o. : it's very fun with beautiful graphics.
starrina pickett : it's very awesome and you have to practice.
chetan huria : the older version was good . but new version isn't as expected.
abdul basith rizni : what is the use of this, just chasing llamas
a google user : i played it before then i install it after 2years from now :d i miss this
game
ankit limkar : this game is nice. i liked the graphics most.
james paul : i love it and the game itself is awesome but i just want one thing a story line bc if it had a story line the game would be more exciting and more awesome
clash on youtube hindi : ok dear both of u on duty or off the last many days in kishtwar with my dad and same to u dear
a google user : i think everything is rlly good but the graphics aren't good enough
varsha gelod : it's an absolute bliss to play this game.
tino : stunning graphics and awesome gameplay! good job!
rejo thomas : a very beautiful game with a good graphics and a good music really worth 5 star it deserves it........... appreciating team members for creating this game...
veniamin novikov : very good music, minimalistic graphic!
nimisha shah : liked it !plus superb graphics
apollo remus : it's relaxing but exciting at the same time.
victoria godines : nice look, not hard to use, good game in general.
gamer guy : i was so amazed ussally i hate games like this
noah seckington : bit repetitive but god it's a beautiful game.
joseph aranas : it is not dark in the night even if your brithness is low and it does not bug i love this game
a google user : very bad don't install it any one
carolina fisher : i'd love a live wallpaper of this game!
froilan buyco : thanks .. for this game i like it soo much
trazznotfound : hi i don't think that is life
dhananjay sathyan : great game recomend to download i it
a google user : amazing game runs smooth on 4.4.2
aus : viry nice game..fun to play
neeraj neer : lovely game , very nice to play , enjoy guys
bryce smith : rated 5 stars because noodlecake. i approve.
a google user : flabbergasted. so cool and fun
k alnory : every single time you fall you have to watch a 30 second video...yea...um no thanks
noor ali : its an amazing game , full of fun and adventure, loved it
ritik jain : this game is very bad
william steve blalock : boring and the same over and over
beverly dixon : it was not fun it was stressful
mr fox : i love it super fun game great app its going to go on my favorite list. get this app now!!!!
omkar prabhu : nonsence don't take this game
rishav majumder : calm, and soothing. nice gateaway from a world of rapid action.
kishore amanchi : awesome game excellent music&graphics i'm completed the game
vishal yadav : the music, the graphics everything is just awesome.
a google user : the graphics are great and i enjoyed playing the
shivam garg : it is nice but loose data after uninstall
caleb barkesa : great game full of fun,levels great, adventure tick
a google user : so bad it shows only error error
shadow deep : ausome game, recommend people who are bored to play it.
yagnesh chainy : it's charming. controls are great. gives a sense of calmness. overall it's awesome
great gamer0216 : love this game alms me down and good for stress
aditya das : stunning visuals, a beautiful calming music score and an addictive gameplay.
nathan : addictive and fun game, amazing graphics and gameplay, this game is
fantastic.
a google user : fun it's so fun that's all i can say
prince : best game i played. and great music.
fahim shihab shan : enjoyed it, thanks to the developer team.
marc morales : awesome game.. i recommend downloading it
bimla gulia : the game is quite good, with respectable graphics and gameplay.
shivam bajpai : awesome graphics,best soundtracks and smooth gameplay.
ashika wickramasinghe : this game is so attractive and relaxing . the grapics are like real great!
mothafar abusamak : this is just an addicting game its so well formed and you waste your time playin it without knowing
galih : nice. loved the graphics, and its not that laggy.
janet cena : thank you for this game this game makes me relaxed when im stressed ..
nina riley : this game is so addictive and sometimes i get mad at it and want to throw my phone across the room but other than that i love this game
_ frupo _ : i love how games on the appstore cost money and here the dont ;)
william barrett : addicting, great graphics, and overall fun game
kuldeep papnoee : i saw in the world of game
jonathan taljaard : i havent played it yet
mukadam mukadam : what kind of stupid game iz it
rohit sinha : it s. a cool and relaxing game. love the gameplay and graphics.
a google user : although i uninstalled it. but this is a great game. no doubt
yashvi jain : good game but not the best game
lucifer the fallen one : can't stop my fingers
ju hann : it's pretty calm, peaceful but dinamic, awesome game
chaz : very pretty game. other than that, very linear.
chase : so cool. and really good gaming.
arunlal baby : love this game.
a google user : beautiful, the best free game i've ever played.
hare krishna : it's fun, it's long, its got different characters. it's a really cool snowboarding game.
ian hutchings : the scenery looks beautiful, and the ganeplay is fun.
ashray sharma : amazing, loveable and nice background music. loved it
bella aguilar : awesome game for challenges to see who gets the farthest.
gamer's paradise : just awesome game.beautiful music.nice scenery's.very good graphics
sekoi henry : the art is amazing the music is good ! this game is amazing !
shashi kant : really amazzzzzzzing game i had ever played it makes us peaceful and calm
jagadish hibare : a lovely game i had ever played it feels like living in dream land
william moore : beautiful game play graphics are amazing and people keep making games like
this so nice
iyiade somorin : wonderful beautiful graphics and love songs also different from other games in this category
srinvas kumar : it is full off intresting nd grphics and stunts in whole the game
niko lopez : i was so happy when i saw this game came to android because it used to be only apple products
tanjana's drawing academy : i love this game so very much because it has wonderful grafix
zahra abdi : its so fun i play this game with friends and just the best adventure in your kife
mdmohit dhaliya : this game is cool and run fast in my samsung galaxy note n5100 tab
toxic - jay : nice clean graphics and zen mode omg great way to pass the time
ozwald c : i liked it a lot this runs in low requirements at good fps this is my favourite
nobody beeswax : i think you should buy it becouse its the best game ever and good graphics
a google user : awesome game dude this is call a real adventure i suggest it to play all
across the world
lee dg : this game is super fun to play on my samsung galaxy a3 and the graphics are incredible
stephanie w : i think it is great even my little cousin loved it keep up the good work
muhammad ahmad usman : a simple idra which enjoys us alot better than other gamea im impressed
the golden flag ! : this is a good 2d game for kids to play
dajoiy : great game and it would be even more great if you added taliyah from league of legends
crushed cornboll gaming : as a game it has high graphics and it gives relax i want to salute the person who made it
mohamad shaaban : excellent game but after playing it for a month it really needs more adventures
u cute : this game has such calm music that it well make you fall asleep xd
sankalp waghmare : loved it comletely i love games similar to this app actually i m mad fr them
a google user : the game grapics are really nice.i loved it.
a google user : i love this game but there are some people says that it is not good i want
say something about them is unki ma ............
dikota sewap : oh my god i love this game
carson b : great game good to unwind with download#!
anshu kumar : i lost all my progess in game i was in lvl 26 and when i reinstall it it started with lvl 1 plz help
ajeeth phrassanna : a worthy game after so long!
gary saint : calming and exhilarating, is that possible? yes, and you had better get it or be left behind, slacker....
ghost 616 : great game to play when you are super bored.
sanjay mayekar : it's the best game in the whole world.
fredd quimby : i never miss this game everyday just addicted..
morgan rowe : i play this when stressed, always works.
suman hero : nice game and i liked music very much. thank.you .
ben g : amazing gampleay, elegant graphics, very relaxing.
autumn mason : tricky game but a good one
aditya sawant : amazing game! simple graphics. never ending game!
a google user : top offline game i have ever played..
alexander ramirez : best chill game ever.
arupon sarkar : looks great on my moto g
vito kekin : graphic's are the best. in this game they are the heart
kapala lipesh : beautiful music wish to have autoplay mode
daniel miller : great relaxing game with crazy good graphics
javithur rahman : great music... feels like flying through nature.... gd graphics
bop - : my channel where i play this game but also other games.
paresh balwani : i hated this game because very slow ...****** bakwaas*****guonzerolmnsadgxhikdescj
biraj gurung : a really good gaming experience with beautiful scenery and graphics.
game jimenez : i love it becuase of the adventure and the animals too.
b lacasse : watch video isn't working anymore
malobika sikder : loved it best gameplay,best graphics and also the vontrol and techniques
mla aakash : the graphics are amazing and very good game...
a google user : alto is an adventurous game (fun with spirit/a purpose)
marcos urelio : incredible artwork, addicting gameplay!
andrew laird : this game is a great time waster and is very fun.
debashish mishra : start playing and you cannot stop.
jaydon t : it's no nice there's a story inside
danny k : amazing game, soothing music and background. i surely recommend it.
mikey russo : it's one of the best adventure games ever!
abhishek pandey : worst game to give your precious time .
enza alkazi : doctors everywhere. this game is fot you!
hariprasad m.s : nice background score and excellent graphics ...
yujio : great game..i really love the sounds the music and the background
aritro roy : one of the best games in the play store right now.
a google user : very good game and also muisic is also good i loved it...keep it up
guys.thank you.
a google user : its a fun game.all the characters are kool loved it!
midhun mohanan : i loved it very much.download and play.
aaron lavela : it has beautiful background and beautiful music and beautiful gameplay its heaven well done i loved it
shradha agarwal : the most beautiful and soothing game that exists on playstore. in love with this.
a google user : good graphics.soundtrack is nice . i realy realy love this game.
uwu direwolf : it's so addictive i love it it's so peaceful
john ivan gonzales : one of the most beautiful minimalist games everr!
a google user : it is addictive !its worth the download.
antarin ray : love this game.the music is so peaceful.
soren clutter : perfect, started playing at a store. couldn't not get it. i recommend
spudsruts : it's a good time killing game that is very addictive
a google user : great and challenging. i couldn't put it down
aale nabi : very lovely music and nice gameplay ;jhakkkkkkasss!
stevi mays : you can do frontflips you should get this game it is great for kids
a google user : this game is very good game wht a graphics i love it wow download and enjoy
ithis game download and comment
taylor reeves : its a game that has simple gameplay but the devolpers but lots of time into it which i really love
emily : best game i ever played!!!! what do u players think??? great isn't it? omg i could just use one word to describe this... 'great'!!
asad ullah : this is the bets game.great combination with challenging and relaxing at
the same time
big d : i love this game so much it keeps me consternated and i would love it if
you guys made more games like it
a google user : great game. i love the minimalistic look and this game is both entertaining
and relaxing.
rango n : nice game! the music and the background are very relaxing
joseph holder : fabulous game and i'm very happy that the sequel is ou for android
badr bendriss : i just see the photo !!!! and i well try this game
a google user : pretty cool! kind of gliches but its cool!(~;
pete wacker : i really like the music and the dear in the game. it is so relaxing!
vinny : i didnt know it would be this fun
vibhav bhangare : i really this game is very very nice... please play this game for enjoy
dee hin : ...sounds like an apple commercial. will rate higher if game is better
olivia sanford : no problems with it, amazing way to waste time
feroz ahmad : i play this because of its relaxing music. nice game.
srj : great graphics and addictive and best in all things
luke dro : great game, needs more characters!!
faizaan salim : it's really simple to play and rather addictive.
aryav mehta : tooo cool game and great graphic..
rahul kumar jha : it's simple gameplay makes it a joy to pick and play immediately
cedrick villorante : because the 1st time i played it, i enjoy that game
al qayyam : i like it tooo much.good graphics.good control system.i love it.relaxing
and enjoying.
aniket das : good game for time pass ..
ravi k : this game is very good. it suits to elders and kids.
snubish snub : i loooooooove this game, it has lamas!
a google user : it isreally good but like ounce a month it glitches.
aidan supergamer : there's no adds and it's a great time killer
mutti eh : i love everything about this.its wo calming and comforting.
mohit dhingra : game failed to installed my device is running on 5.1.1
tanya rohatgi : love to play it anytime..it help me to relax!
suneet rawat : amazing graphics.
sam baete : beautiful graphics, funny aspect.
roy thomas : it is an awesome , endless game .
jasper luis escalona : this game is so relaxing because the music and it is so addictive game
a google user : i love this game so much i think it is amazing and so much fun
protodom 2006 : i like the graphics and this is the only game i like in 2016
a google user : its butifull game and and so calm game and loved it so much
a google user : the game is very good and its addictive its just amazing game
aliyah galeana : i love how when im bord i can play something other than going outside p.s. om lazy if ya cant tell
a google user : not so good but, not so bad also
aviral gupta : the game is truly mesmerising....the scenery of the game is beautiful and sound track ...a work of art.
nasrolla zainal : i love this game and so relaxing too so i love it
a google user : it is a good game if you want to download any game then download it....
jesus gomez : y'all need to download this game for real it's lit
bennyboy broloudsky : gud way to kill time and addictive at the same time.
jahid hajare liton hajare : goods verymuch be able little more about our website specialising have been made redundant i think i love this product also banging
a google user : its an amazing game i have ever played..
xmastablitz 721 : a very fun and addicting game! 10 'otta 10!
sufy : the best game ever. thats all i can say.
shubham gaikwad : cool game with relaxing music...good stress-reliever and graphics are soothing...!!! keep it up..!!!
raga vendran : simple , elegant and soothing game.
akshay syal : good game & best graphics, good concept
mylo cano : my child love very much in playing this game :)
sinah kerepi : best game ever....oh and thumbs up for the graphics.
sam oiooiooo : incredible !
potayh : this is relaxing and a bit addictive/fun. perfection!
william barnhart : great game, simple mechanics, skill based, great visuals, and a lot of fun.
mrh apon : when i feel alone. and i need something to motivate then i play this game
jackson hicks : fun game! would highly reccomend.
mustfain tariq : good game and brilliant graphics just better than others!!!!
insamam illyas : love this game developers and i have a sugession at night the rocks which is present in the scene could not be seen some times plz fix this
mac jay : its fun and i love the background music but it could use a little more like new outfits and new places to go skiing
mayank abhishek : as beautiful and simplistic as it gets
swapnil limje : best game ever played in my life till now
andy woodburn : very pretty but gameplay is seriously lacking...
a google user : but also very repetitive...
rohinth m : this is called as the game. superb. life is like this game
aadil shaikh : gr8 graphics . smooth game play and well designed .
a google user : best game its relaxing, simple controls, and nice graphics
frem patalinghug : still the best,beautiful games of the year!
a google user : a very excelent and nice game.
martin guerrero : well if you don't get it then you're a dumbass
khalid hasan : it's really very cool game i ever seen
shivam varshney : music is so serene and relaxing,, and awesome minimal graphics
rj clarke : one of the most beautiful mobile games ever made.
sandeep pramanik : i really liked this game .good graphics and control.
nikhil birari : amazing music. beautiful game ! just cant keep my phone down...
yt pro : that's just i wanna say
andy dowd : decent game, straight forward.
tae tae : it is the way to you to be addictive in this game....
richard pinedo : very good, game entertaining, good graphics, smooth love the game
mistervaliant : been waiting for the release for so long....but finally its here on android....thank u a lot devs.
nit ish : very nice game, helps you relax your mood
kshitij saxena : the soundtrack just gets you sometimes. addictive game.
matthew woodfork : not too easy and gives me a challenge
bated tech : it's very calming and relaxing.
l a : very relaxing. easy play. beautiful graphics. great music.
ak thegamer : adictive and nice also good graphics loved it
pauline sutgrey : i love this game it's the best!
asnawi amer : i like playing this game!
jesus desaad : great game, waiting for the sequel!
a google user : awesome time killer. download this!
axon a : it's just amazing and addictive.
john cena : this game its the best game i've ever played.
2oo11ao157 raashid syed : absolutely brilliant and satisfying game i have ever played..
toasty : i'm not going to sure that you have a great
kadir nokay : best game i have ever played on my android.
i m umit : it's very good adventure game i like it
michael brown : good graphics, cool game , 5 stars
snuggle : pops up with the name and immediately crashes.
kalmia cranley : thisis a fun games that u would keep playing but not the best thing in the world i still love it though
saketh nani : i love playing thiz game it's suprb....i can't stop playing thizz game
awg zaki : the game is not responding, i hope you can fix it so i can play the game...
creatively insane : the game really diserves 5 stars rating...
bhuvan sharma : i cant leave my phone while playing it...
ezra budiman : soothing atmosphere, soothing music, just beautiful. amazing concept, great game.
the disgruntled workman : a charming and relaxing adventure with a massively addicting gameplay loop.
a google user : ultra good game with dangerous graphics ;)
rujul mhatre : its amazing gameplay. wow. graphics are just cool. wo wo wo. cool game
yung savage : can you add more characters please
courtney snelling : very nice game, but not a very original idea
a google user : its music is so much sweet. i love this game
bidhin raj : this game deserved being an editors choice.
star : simple and beautiful. one of my favorite games to ever play.
chakrapani kakumani : a pleasent game. and the music is fabulous. fantastic
avinash goswami : omg...best one everyone like it too much..best sound and graphics
a google user : well its a good game i like it its so easy to learn and fun i have play this game 1 year back before and i still got interested in this game and i hope u will like it thanks
shiva rahul - 338 : it is an amazing game .easy controls.fantastic background very very interesting game it is .
floringx : best app in the world but i dont love night but this is awesome!
royal entertainment : it's an awesome amazing work of founder which help to keep calm
vnmx rafi : an amazing game that gives you a comfort and relaxation.
fernando corrales : its good, just could the creators already update it to odysseys
deadpool : please add something more to the game !!! i really want some more gadgets !!
a google user : this game is awesome i can't stand it.
vedang vaidya : it is not able to install it is not working i download ed and wasted100 mb on this it says installing and then it stop s
kalidass : great graphics and great end less game ever
armand oberholzer : awe download this game
amrit lama : its is very beautiful game
faiz tahseen : i love this game extremely. this game everything perfect .
neeraj gupta : amazing no comparison with any other games .at the top of it
benjamin hartlieb : easy and fun to play.
rajesh pabari : it's a nice game but the control is 3.3
netanel abramzon : one word describes the game; beautiful.
tristan alindajao : it's an awesome game to play and really perfect for me
julia kingston : my dad has it and he won't get off it
wigipy : it's a great game you also play
rogue teal : i love it better than pac-man
joshua perez : totally amazed by the work in this game.
tom sinkinson : absolutely, undeniably, the best mobile game ever.
a google user : love it it's awesome it's like vector 2
seth uhl : this is my favorite game to play and it is sooooooo pretty!!!
shivam taneja : first of the few to download this game and tbh i was not disappointed:)
a google user : this game is good,but not the best
muhammad shahwaiz khan : i just think it's a really great game with an awesome control
a google user : the best ,relaxing game i have ever played
a google user : what a fantastic game . i love this game very much .
yup that's me : very well thought out and executed brilliant work!
mongoose munchie : but should add more, and kind off repetitive
lee davis : this game was well worth the download. great game!
ayoub tlidi : it's sucks , it's full of virus x) it's crushed my phone
julian starkey : great in every way accept sometimes the controls don't respond
ernest acosta : i mastered the art of the game it will be nice to do it again.
a google user : it's so amazing thank you for making this game i love it so much...
alexander fewtrell : it's a great endless runner with amazing graphics
a google user : beautiful graphics, simple controls, very additive, love this game
a google user : great game. easy to learn with cool minimalist graphics.
siddineni. mohit : game designing is very nice..nd shld be thr sme levls..
isaac goble : it looks so good even on my old phone.
sefo : i think its an o.p game. simple but fun
a google user : it's really good game but not than ios
daymion harris : very fun and pretty addicting, u should try it ;)
khalid ayyub : fun to play and very addictive. great game.
hugo romer : never glitches,very fun, very addictive
saurav sur : nice interface but too small objects
dawood chughtai : great simple and immersive graphics.
luvlysuckss : this game has never ending beauty from the sunsets to the sunrises this game is honestly one of the most vivid mobile games i have ever played
chloe furse : i love the graphics, and it's really relaxing.
a google user : i played it a long time.
sammey dos santos : good game.. love the graphics.. everyone should have this game
muhammad shah : great graphic and addictive
anglangthou khaling : addictive, easy to play. superb
tsunayoshi sawada : endless snowboarding.so fast and what a nice graphics.
tom millsopp : fantastic to look at, great to listen to and a thoroughly enjoyable game.
ha nguyen : good graphic.i love the music the most.the gameplay is good everything is great
sam kloock : this game is easy,fun and, just a great game!
ryan scamell : i like the way h
cl0ud : this game can calm your mind, its great
alok kumar : seriously guys download this right now
thierry agbanu : it is very nice, addictive and a bit challenging keep it up
justin lloyd : a truly beautifully made game! well done
ceramicbulletcasings : i had i on my old phone!beat game ever!
vadim litvak : alto's adventure is a great game with great levels and characters.
kako jan : i love your game very much it is soooooooooooooo. awesome
subash chakma : this game is relaxing and the music,i can hear it all day
fikon : noodlecake studios did an awesome job. keep the perfect work.
sheetal oza : the game is super duper happy for her and i will try my hardest not to bad
snippershot17 s : this is an amazing game with its easy controls and amazing graphics.
anime islife : no words can describe this game..
runu lokam : its a great game...i am very addictive to htid game.
vladimir stanisic : this is wonderful, a really special game.
micha stolarczyk : can't wait for alto's odyssey for android
naderabegum ruma : well it's pretty good! thanks for the game.
akshay kadam : this game has great graphic.
craig botnen : it's awesome and i think you should try it
tyrah broadnax : it is fun to play when i'm board
sonu sil : a very soothing game.a good pass time game
jordan seb : love.the graphics are so stylish and the system is fluid great job
michael p. : so what? the llamas keep disappearing magically. the rocks are quite hard to avoid. good effort.
manjeet singh : loved every bit of it, soundtrack is gorgeous
francis roberts : everything a simple mobile game should be. recommended to anyone.
ashok rahangdale : good music. and adventurous. i like it.
christopher oropel : my girlfriend love this game very much that's why i redownload it
pradeep turukmane : amazing graphics, i love it.
a google user : i loved this game it was calming and relaxing with really great graphics.
hari k : i like this game a lot... the world is so beautiful and the sound is quite unique to hear.
daniel hoelzeman : i've always loved this game. fun, creative, and just never gets boring! recommend it to anyone!
crocus kadwara : i think this is a nice game. it's realy a good game .
sara jana : if u start playing this game u cannot off because it's a fin game
heidi peterson : cant stop playing
dr sri harshini : loved d graphics n music!
mazhar ahmad : makes me cry and sleepy... that's why i love it
ahmad zein : amazing graphics and music and ambiance
alex alexakis : easy game, nice to relax
roshni rana : it's so cool and great graphics
bandit el bandito : amazing graphics i cant explain how good it was
anand anand : nice and superb .... nice graphics and controool loved it very much
!!##!! : it is a bit different than other games...i really can't say why..but all ik
is its great!!
a google user : just out of the cosmos game... best ever graphic and background music... really addictive game... just love it and want a sequel.
maxie luciano the killer nerd : this is cool i like to play it because it is his adventure!
ali asgher : loved it! an awesome game i suggest evrybody to download it
robin hossain : one hell of an awesome game! great work devs
mo. the damn geek : i feel relax , playing this game ; it is wonderfull.
sunny mirza : it was an amazing adventure and a good way to pass time.
oluwashinor mustapha : the game is cool and i love the graphics and the ambience of the game.
certified insane : best game to play , and really love the zen mode..
dhruv nain : great game of this type i have never experienced that type of game :d
a google user : i love this, it keeps me enthusiastic about winter and keeps me snowboarding
t-toons : played this a month. its adventurous and has cool graphics
xplosivegamer427 : the graphics are great but when u unlock the fourth person it glitches..........alot.
suraj jha : it'a an amazing game with an awesome music.
nirav nayani : awesome graphics, awesome gameplay, awesome music.
jediassassin xvi : this is a must have for all the people who love good graphics!
abin varkey : i think im in love ! with the game
harpreet ventures : very basic game
cabir bansal : its just awesome game ! nd addictive too
abhinav jha : super soothing music and excellent minimalistic graphics to go with it !
wyatt maw : it has very good game play
prem sai : nice game with nice music
dilip teron : brilliant i love this app it has good graphics
gabriel odono : nice game for kids good gameplay easy
silvius2010 : a great little game with relaxing music
annonamyass : cool game and nice music
layne cook : it is super fun and it has good graphics
a google user : super fantastic game ever must download
md afshan : good graphics and simple
emmanuel jean : the game has very good graphics and is fun.
vo ok : amazing game, have it on windows 10 too lol
destin d : i think it's a cool game for me ....n plz upload cool downhill domination ..with full .n etc
mr swaggerific : game ever......i just can't believe what i played it's amazing
azahel esquivel : there is a game that is the same as it is called @winter adventure but @alto's adventures is better
black artz : one problem. it's to good so i'ma sue y'all for that's.
beyond expressions : add more different scenery for the game!!!
debaditya bhattacharya : it's very good i really like it.
shreya chatterjee : excellent graphic.best game i have ever played..
peyton williams : it is fun but it gets boring.
luke durant : it really gets good when you're izel
a google user : very nice game in the world or not mumm ,cvb n
manas mats : the game is superb. just please add new tricks
ken xyz : love this game, it made me sleep easily zzzzzz
hightekiller0 : it's so fun
beyonce thousand : i love how the background changes every often.
renz patrick valdez : it's so fun games forever edi wow
wingogameing cv : i love this game its one of my favorite's
q : this is an amazing game you can pour hours into.
erik girona : i can not get enough of this game!!!
express : i just love the background music that's why i play it all the time
tydell gafford : it's great. good graphics and everything
a google user : very good and relaxing game i loved it
reece crooks : also if you don't have roblox have it
enaia : this game is awesome 11/10 best game ever
a google user : it is a very fun game to play, enyone that sees this get the game
bootygoderek : graphics are nice,evrrything is nice get this game guys do it
james e. nichols : it's a good looking game. coin doubler should disable ads, though. (nexus 6p)
sauradeep das : this game is really relaxing ..try it everyone.
a google user : amazing game and great music please launch altos odessey's
couper bates : it is a good time killer and has nice, peaceful music
rohan chatter : this game definitely deserves 5 star rating.
a google user : it is one of the best games i've ever played
kami kave : i love the sounds this game is great
hardiyan k. ramadhan : beautiful art behind this game, love so much
joaquin diestro : i lllllove it so much it's fun as hell
abhishek patel : the tune is very relaxing. i love it
zandy krkovski : the best i've ever played
pisi lay : it's cool to play
mikhile hendricks coetzee : it's the best game l have
shefat shefat : great game ever i played.
a google user : i love it's graphics and music it was well designed game
that 1 : really fun and addictive game, kinda wish there was more
mahmoud amr : in my opinion,this game is fantastic & exciting .
ps sh : it reminds me of osmos that i use to play back in 2011
brennan cook : the calmest most relaxing game i've ever played
a google user : have not tried yet but the reviews are great and so do the video
bikhyathdjk subedi : cool game but some problems
awaid rafaqat : brilliant gameplay with good graphics and beautiful soothing properties
hello breezy : this game is really cool and has good graphics
tark patel : osm game with great graphics nad lots on enjoyment
sidharth s : the gaming xperience is awesome simply fantastic!!!!
rekha arun : world class game loved it a lot!
ahmad dawara : one of the best games ever made!
_hazemwasel_ : the graphics are amazing i didn't see a game in it this graphics
aditya singh : the art style is amazing.its voice and tone is very relaxing
anubhav sangal : the music is simply amazing. gives them feels
mohamed eltayeib : by far the greatest graphics i seen on a game. love it
prince delta : one of the best satisfying games . the music too is pleasing .
jackson yon : this game has excellent graphics and i love it. would suggest.
monke : this is such a great game and can be challanging
umar farooq : super alto i really like this game...
the revenger : i love to play this game . it is just awesome .
frankie maddara : epic game, great work pegi 3 :d
willow park : super fun, great graphics, and an all-around fun time killer.
abhishek dwivedi : very nice game . i love this game !
nifal ahmed : very beautiful,amazing,fantastic,mindblowing game
augustus francis : beautiful. smooth. visually stunning. amazing art
debarghya mondal : you like skate games.it is the best game for you
imad abid : the graphic is perfect and also the music, i love this game
shaheen mohamed : wonderfully shows how time changing. more interesting
siphonfire : really good time killer and is relaxing to play in general.
mohammad golam mowla shimul : great game to play and also relaxing with using headphone.
silas baker : it's the best game i ever played on the phone
maria gutierrez : i love it this is a hame to relax your mind
faze.i : it's really fun game and have simple controls
pogz pogi : it's very nice and the music too
random shit : this is awesome i would rate it 25/10 love it
a google user : it,s agood gane for kids
sajjad ahmed : tell us what you think
chandra kumar : it's graphic is so small
ahmed sayyad : never thought this game would this amazing!!! <3
a google user : this is so fun lol
maxi : this game is nice, good job bro
a google user : its fun, agreat time killer, and very addictive.
jose soberon : i like the sex part at the end
mohammad rayean : great graphics, great gaming performance just great great great
jithin kumar : music of this game is so stunning..outstanding game..after playing i thought i was alto..
make america great again : amazing game which relaxes the soul. love it and recommend this game for everyone.
shiva kumar : it's cool but need to have a few vehicles for alto
a google user : ok it's very oosam game to play in free time
archana gupta : i can only say that try this, its amazing
hari krishna : it is very good game i love it's graphics
yeni batista : cool
a eldemire : very cool, nice to play when you want to feel calm
a google user : great graphics good game very nice pls download it!
stephanie f : very good, good grapics and soothing music that makes me relaxed
elijah miles : just an amazing game, really something above the standard for
rtb. : how i do not know but i love it
jose rodriguez : amazing it is a really fun and challenging game
a google user : whatever it is, it is,in a sense, called peace and meditation. love this
game. excited for alto's odyssey
alisha naira : i love this game. the design and the music is very nice
giovanni navarrete : it a little simple game you can play with when you're bored
dr.debrup sadhukhan : i have been waiting for this game since last year........awesome game.....proud to be 2nd android user to download this
view : this is hands down the best game i've ever played
aidan pantoya : this is far better than ski safari. very relaxing
ghulam mohiuddin : it is an adventure game. it is so much addictive.....try out another game, "stack"
rahul jajoria : i've played this game and i've completed it good game
koushik poolla : very few games are visually as beautiful as this one.
ophelia ayoub : great music good graphics it's a good game
ashwani kumar gautam : one of the best time killing, endless game
vishnu lal : completed all level and really enjoyed...
a google user : love the music in the game...soo peaceful
daisyhaemi : i love it so much i am absolutely in love!!
daniel d cruze : one of the best game i have ever played.
riz : very simple but yet very beautiful game.
himanshu verma : its too good,that i really want
naman mahant : this game is amazing . try now this game
dev goswami : this is most awesome game i ever played.
fatin isa : it's cool and give me relaxing when play this game
joshua corbin : i love the art and the music of the game.
jim horton : addictive as soon as you start. anyone will stick with it
jessica hall : i absulutly love it cant get better than that
a google user : this game is so fun and addictive and there hasnt really been any issues when im playing i reccomend this game to everyone super fun
donnie : amazing game! it's relaxing and enjoying
nihar nair : feels great to play. this is what gaming engines were made for.
munira mohamed : o i can skii!!! and jump over buildings and phone lines...am a super skii guy
ritesh rajan : everything is nice and music is the best i loved it
a google user : awesome thank you so much for a good game!!!
the.akadianiq : the music us fantastic ... it's take you to another world
rahaf al balushi : i like it so much it's my favourite game
tushan kavinga : it's a nice game..you must play it
andrew samir : i love this game god job guys for making this game
kiran khatri : world lose game i have never played this game waste game
wister 27 : nice day and night setting. soundtrack sounds emotionally noice.
neeta dhuri : one of the best games ever .very relaxing and meditational game.
soumen sahoo : the melody song makes me stop the game and just listen to it!!
mamta bisht : can't stop while playing
emmanuella gtp : relaxing and so calm~ graphic is amazing! i give u a hundred stars!!
yash aggarwal : never get bored while playing this game.
a google user : outstanding game and you 'll never get bored
janed warr : such a good game i can't stop playing it
paras singh : this is the best and also a pleasure giving game!!
simar preet : music and synriyes best and game hard and smoothly
a google user : grear graphics relaxing overall best game ever i am really satisfied
a google user : when i fist looked at the game i thought it was a we are typical games that you would just go and try to do the challenges and everything when i got into it i saw the zen part of it i just loved it the music and the arts sound just the way the game is it all just goes together really i gave the same five star rating on a highly recommend you play it
felicia grice : i love it i think i'm the second person to download
a google user : this game is good and i love this game there was so much adventure in this game and that was download very fast in normal speed i like this game gun i was very happy to run this game loo
rajiv sheyli : best game till now. don't wait. install it. better than ski safari
alaska joy : love this game keep up the good work
rahul hans : just need more visibility in night
dinesh chandra : nice game ntg more to say about it
mrmandarin : i just wanted a game that looks very good and this is it
jalen willis : just looking at this game it is good
shantachow 9294 : very good awsome game must play offline
edward wong : one of the best games as an app
a google user : awesome because you can make cool stunts
abdulrahman najjar : it is a good game and the graphics are great
sap gaming : the music makes you want to sleep
a google user : best game ever loved it so cool gameplay
fikri tulus : a great way to spend time
wanda mccoy : addicting love it no time must contiune playing
laza5k t3pka : the game is alright i kind of like ir
smash di o'connel : just a beautiful game with amazing controls and a fun narrative
lotus delance : very easy game but has a good challenge
bru mlg : it is so cool
metodi aleksov : this game is pure art i love it
dharma teja kolla : wow it is a time pass game but wonder ful
jd dixn : this game makes me calm i love
mohamed frazil : i love maya and alto because it is a good game
not str0ngs 0_0 : its da best best game for pros
brenda sanchez : backflips take too long but its fine
debasish sen : the music of the game is awesome and also very relaxing
a google user : great game but gets hard and also fun
romona green : its a addictive game that youll want to play everyday
nathan lindell : an overall amazing looking game with easy controls
poppy dooleyy : brillant game takes only a couple of minutes to download
sritej talla : do some more energy levels to the skate board
akash deep dey : fantastic game after finishing all levels uninstalled
chaos : i love this game more then my girlfriend
asus zenfone : that so very soft i like it relaxing
ram sharma : its nice better then onther games
tuxf : the graphics and momebtum are stunning 5 stars for everything
jquan haynes : peaceful it comes your mind a relaxing fun game
shakthi bala : a zen like game which is both fun and stimulating
a google user : so good i think it is most additive game
tornado tanner : awesome one of the best games looks so real
sahil sahil : its so beautiful game i m loved it
vasya andrushka : nice game and i think this guy is super badsome awesome
thomas vas : one of be best games i have ever played
a google user : nice endless game we all friends love it
minakshi rajoriya : it is good but you should add an online mode
nadim khan : it nice game nd gud locations
a google user : realy good graphics very relaxing game too
stoowy cool : good but my you tube channel is beter
angel jay durola : really loved it specially the zen mode
akuzam : the sound and the graphic makes me feel calm
ismail kmj : game that make me feel relaxing and no stress
eduardo delgado : alto is a fun game and i play with it every time
heba sharif : just love this game graphics music very beautiful
brandon caro : it is the best you should download it right away
courdin nelson-scaggs : it was really fun and a great time killer
liam hall : do you want to taste my balls
anish sil : thrilling experience good background music
joe cairns : with great smooth graphics
ashish vaidya : this is one of the most realistic game and it is fabulous graphics
senkai : this is a nice relaxing game and i think it is a must have
pinsara sasika aluthge : its a superb game i ever playin my life
jai mewar : the best game i have ever played
anaya broussard : this is a really fun game to play great job
a google user : you guys are smart it was spectacular in many different ways
pallavi ranganadh : the best game i have ever played
ki ki : its pretty adictive and i perfer you to playit
king penpen : hall of fame game fr
jaquavius flores : best game ever in my life
matthew wells : still my favorite mobile game of all time
a google user : this is so beautiful game i ever seen of life
a google user : they should have a lava surfing dlc
issac estrada : this game is way better than subway surfers
john tsai : one of the most addicting games
shailendra singh : nice l have no problem in this game
ajinkya andraskar : good but need some skill abilities improvement
meetu kashyap : the creation is never expected to be this arcade y
dank bird : i really love the graphics and it is also a time killer
nivek ollitsac : it is so awesome and a lot more good
accepted able : i think this is the best game on the app store tbh
kimberly fitts : such an awesome game love the picture
talha : good game with awesome graphics and the gameplay is very smooth
satheeshkumar tv : the best game ever made
the sonis : the best game i have ever played
roopesh sanu : lot of game with the same theme
ashley vancise : awesome game and i will play it all the time
mason rhinehart : i love this game so much
gamer 4 ever : this is best addictive game ever
jenny the weirdo 00 : good art great graphics awesome game
hannah gabiana : this is so good even twaimz loves it
hemasagar raju : enjoyed well nd had a time pass
a google user : it is a awesome game i have ever played
bryson carter : so addicting could never put it down
virendra baria : controls should be work proper way
joe phillips : it is the best game iv ever played and coolest
a google user : it is a wonderful adventure game i ever played
daniel craig : beautiful game that is all i can say it is just awesome
hunter demars : amazing the music is relaxing i love it u guys rocked
batingal kean andrew : this is so very extreme and beautiful game
luis bello : my car fast but i drive slower
michaela schulz : beauty amazing nothing more i can say wow
anirban das : it is cool indeed looking forward for more updates
sajeev pk : the best game l have ever played
juicy hellabread : this game should be in strange adiction
a google user : it was not like other games
kelsey knight : even know i watched the trailer i like it already
mayank rai : great game nice music great background images
sree hari : this game is awesome than i thought
raju sk : i love you so much baby thanks
ammulu sweety : good game and nice music it deserves 5 stars
daniel/jepiniser338 ramirez : this was my favorite game when i was little
a google user : only if it could offer hot pockets
chaitu 12345 : works so smoothly best game ever played
nicolly ribeiro : thia the best game i play in my life
kishan chouhan : beautiful game and background look
a google user : best game that i had ever played
izaiah cathey : very cool you should make a vr set
tia sutch : its a great game it one of the only ones i have
togood 18 : the best game ive ever had
coghi : best game ever cool music too
vera fahmi : but this grafick not bad haha
jahangir alam : very cool game just waiting for alto odyssey
nathan shank : the graphics r great an it is really soothing to play
hb ic : it is awesome because you get to jump a lot
a google user : i love it background music is awesome so addictive
james scott : so glad it made it to android
md javed : excellent game and background music is awesome good work
saucy boy : i think they should make a 2nd one
ratan barai : the first time i play a nice game
a google user : this game has good graphics and is relaxing
camerons. layne571 : cool adventure game lots of good objectives
mukund : a very nice game for passing your time
wolf gang : i love everything about this app or game its the bets
xxarab gamerxx : the game is so good you have to try it
things you can not see clan : i love the amazing graphics and soothing background music
na'shaun shegog : this game is great and i play all the time
okey ogum : love the music but it need a front flip button
a google user : love this game is super entertaining to me and my family
benjamin burling : amazing game and great time user and addictive
papa tool : good game and very fun to play
a google user : i think your game is gona be fun to play
thomas hux : nice smooth gameplay needs some improvement tho
william caraway : this is the best game that has music
kayla hilty : its a really good game and its so cool
naga srinivasu r : perfect for adventure lovers
joo joo : this game is i love very much
cedric mathews : add some flying and then tour good
zahir williams : this game is so fun to play
thanveer ahmed : thank u for the maker
klejdi harizaj : i really love this game
jesse ruiz : its easy and fun
ngamburiro kavari : amazing on ios and android great game
jasmine hudspeth : so much details and very beautiful backgrounds
sriman narain : wonderful game wit nice animation s and cartoons
karan pandey : to the makers of the most incredible game ever
issac chandy : this is the best game that i have ever played
sherlyn ang : this is soooo fun and amazing get this app now
noobhacker 101 : nice l like but need some improvement
a google user : you should make like a prize wining games
a google user : its very fun anb i love snow boarding
aymen saqib : this has good advertisement and i love this game
charlie savage : i recommend this game for people that like free runners
budi matuwi : and so colorful
asim obaidullah : its on the display iphone 7s at best buy
gabriel adame : really addicting game but so fun to play
kamlesh kailas joshi : awesome game you must download before see
nihil : you need to add more stuff
get beaned 360 : most beautiful game ive ever seen
indira naik : best game ever seen but add multiplayer
syabil oh : it great and easy to play
a google user : its fun and its makes not bord
deepan deepu : nice graphic but need more action
bini nazir : i loved it its a very adventure game
yohan gayatin drs : you should download this game its so fun
a google user : all game liovers will love it
a google user : i think is it the best game forever wooooo
bishal dasgupta : even before playing it i love it so much
ashton davis : the game is so relaxing especially zen mode
maya church cruz : so nice played this at the apple store and it is awesome
a google user : altos adventure is ok but it needs boss levels
sudhansu sekhar patra : superb game you can also enjoy it friends
lakshay kumar : best graphics nice playing fun
every things - : i am from iraq this nice game
a google user : one of the best games i have ever played
mu : what time do you want to have the best
azem pasha : loved it so much some good graphics in this game
stephen vanswaringen : it is the best game i have ever downloaded
rajesh mysetla : the game is awesome to play with own friends
mo celtic bioman : not a bad game it needs more to it
sayyed gauss : a soothing experience to eyes and mind
dylan borgula : this game is fun to play on any device of choice
babyyypluto : fun and easy to play try it out
tracie sygulla : its my best game friend forever
doodleboy : its awsome its fun for my kids too
a google user : this is the shittiest game ever
satyam choudhary : i love the sounds :d
jamie balanag : the game is so awesome:3
shashikant raval : its cool game, i like it
zion nash : it's very fun to play
guy miranda : it's so fun and cool
a google user : very very nice game man.
sushma chandna : it is very tv good game
jarod mcgray : its an amazing good graphic game!
yan-rong jiang : alto and his friends are so cute!
maddie corbett : i think it is the best game ever!
chxron - : fun and very addicting
a google user : gud, very, very relaxing, good prequel to oddesy
usman shahid : i love this game so so so sooo mich that i uninstall it
a google user : what a fabulas game when i play this game i have been loving this game
fabio santana : pleasing, relaxing and aesthetically stunning.
sean redulla : absolutely beautiful, a takeaway from reality.
somberwee : its too amazing.
alex bankov : the title said it
rayna lynn : it's really fun but hard a littel
shanjid hassan : it's a really good game try it out once
salah alhashmi : an amazing game makes me feel relaxed
nathaniel adams : this game is so good for geting rid of stress
shakib rahman : luv the game..im eager to play alto's oddsey
stanley langa : the music is wonderful sometimes i sleep
nur insyiera anis misuarie : best graphics,interesting game, just awesomeeeee
marco polo : this game is as amazing as my face!!! such a good quality game!
ann melany raganas : super nice graphics!
a google user : best game you could download!
ali buhmair : greatgame should everyone try it !
george aidinis : most beautiful minimalistic game i have ever played!
eating children : it's my favorite game ever.
abin siby : don't people play before rating? you people may download skysafari instead of this
ali mahil : it's a great relaxing game. would suggest it anyday.
hyakuya mikaela : this is the best game i've ever played. download it.
abd progame : thats a great game ever ,and best grapics
a google user : i played this before when i was 6 years old now i love it
a google user : so much fun to play!
shrinivas ambiger : takes your mood out there!
mayaank patankar : hd effects are awesome
viplav singh : sweet little game and loads of fun to play!!
trxnds : graphics are good... everything is awesome
aaron aguirre : it's a really fun game for long road trips :)
a google user : i like this very much when i whent to an apple store i saw the phone and started plaing and i said i like it
eugena anahkwat : very good game for when i'm bored
evan nielsen : beautiful, fun, addictive, challenging. i want another like it!
arun james : awsome time killer and stress relefe.
a google user : i think this game is very easy very very easy excellent game
sharad jadhav : same as ski safari 2 lol which is much better thn this!
rosario aqw : it's a great game. like my previous favorite game "moonchaser".
a google user : i pick it up and then i can't let go
arj un : its sound quality is very originally ,,and its a fking game ever
mhaden ezung : this game takes me back to winter season...the song,the voices,damn..sooo good
a google user : i loved this game. its so cool.
nayeer01 : awsome bad very bad bad game the worst game ever
devon mike : good graphics...challenging...how about putting more tricks than just backflip
ali alkhateeb : and that arabic language support is great !
eliza k : i this game and i think it is a simple but awesome game!!!
ishika khatri : one of the greatest game i have ever seen
a google user : its an very relaxing game and i mostly like the music
amit kumar das : very good games and very good graphice nice game
ujwala ujju : i want to play this game again and again
a google user : it is very very good app
curry ribetson : this game is good
jawed anjum : lol ski safari is better than this
zeem : i loved my phone
vikash kumar : just amazing.... the background is so cool it looks original must download
it.
kirklandtis swagg : great game!also great graphics
dr.missam rajani : do not dounlod it fake wasting of internet
smokebomb987 0 : it's a great game and good gameplay.
a google user : me and my brother love it and its also fun ma and him have been vs to who gets the farthest
gameplay kd : best game of this year.but if i make it more clear
tornado gaming : love it to graphics to gameplay . this game has my stars
coolgamers168 lance yap : nice but the theme looks like sad and lonely
amir d : been waiting for a long time for the android version ...installig right now hoping it's as good as ios vesion ...
vaibhav patil : really awesome ui and peacefull background music...
infinity zero : the bgm is nice.,good for relaxing
ned smith : one of the best games i've played.
heath : very good controls, and super fun.
a google user : this is a good gameyou guys have
andrea yanez : it's fine this game is really cool
anupam samanta : it's a very gorgeous game.
jonathan willson : good, but deleted it within a week.
vaijayanti patil : this game is good and plays well its quiet additive.
sally soo : this is the best game i've ever played .. i just love it
gunjan barua : the graphics are beautiful! cool game!
joe khan : gets really addictive and easy to play!!
forza roma grazie per totti deleon : theonlywayyoucanfindagoodtime.itisnotanintendedforthebestofalltheothertutuyggghhhgggggggggggggthejjkjkknjnnnn
aniket pasayat : its a good game...whenever i feel bore i just play this game..i like this
game....don't know about other players..
the godfather gaming : 5 star game no dought grapics are good
appu x : good game and great graphics. great work
remo su.pre.me_kiddo : it's the best game i have ever played
rachna kathpalia : it's the best game ever i have played
a google user : you are great game maker so creat this type of action game.
esmeralda belmares : i think that this is one of the best game i have ever had.
bayazid bostami : it,s amazing game. graphics work is awsome. i like it.
a google user : great game helps when im bored
ankit varshney : decent graphics with powerpacked gameplay...
a google user : it is a great time killer .fun to play.
surjeet shokhanda : it's very very nice game
maricris caburnay : amazing game. so exciting. excellent graphics.
msrgamingx : it's really awesome game !!
vishnu anand : beautiful game. super relaxing!
valerie d : visually beautiful and a fun little game. very enjoyable
a google user : ummmmmmm k fun game. love controls. good graphics.
christopher vecchio guitar : a must have game with beautiful graphics
jordan kilwien : great game. keep up the good work
mohammed vaseem : better waste of time rubbish stuffs
panagiotis macromanolis : good but boring after a while.
a google user : playing the zen mode with headphones gives great exp.
a google user : i would like to give thumbs up for this game. 5 stars! it's one the best game i've ever played. completed all of the levels. now eagerly waiting for next version! . . .
deepa rajesh : it's very nice
a google user : it's so beautiful and amazing i love this game
micah smith : love the design and layout of the game , big thumbs up
titan rocks : simly good and interesting game love to play this one.
danielle may neis : because i love scating to in the snow
kieran abel : so fun and relaxing. an amazing game in general
isaac tharp : amazing visuals addictive and fun overall great game
heart moon : nice graphics and good concept. addictive tooo
the gaming flareon : its a little but fun game!
iqbal ahad : i played this game. and never seen such a game
akhilesh sharma : great classic addictive game a true masterpiece just needed some more thrill and upgrades and please i will be happy if u will add option of sunny or night
blabla md : great atmosphere. inspirational, i loved the game a lot
a google user : it so relaxing ,beautiful ,challenging and graphics are so cool
guillaume sapy : very fun game, beautiful, and great music
sans the skully bro : i love the graphics, a great idea of a game
syed saad khatim tabrez : very nice game, go for it without second thought
a google user : it's fun a good rime killer and pretty addicting
midhun sanjay : the game is really addictive i loved it
ethan jones : it's a very satisfying game and i love the music
kimbell frazer : sounds and looks good it works for me i love it.
kabbaj ahmed : one of the best games of all time!
a google user : good graphics. best game ever
sanguinne : the best. nothing else to say
30-dhaneswar murmu_xi-b : it has mind refreshing music.
brandon kasuba : it's so awsome
revathy baskaran : the best game. very addicting
ajmal faisal : this game is better
arunkumar keesari : loved it too much.
creaticy : nice graphics, cools you down
arghya singha : vry gd concept, relaxing game
abeda benta kader : its a asome game . i liked it
savannah cruz : this never a waste of my time.
manash j boruah : i like it ~ very peaceful game
trexzity : this is what i call a
josh sutherland : get it. better than most games
a google user : it's a really fun game to play
jon slichter : amazing all around. great work
308 : i enjoy this game
ashcrimsonplayz : i love snowboarding very cool
myles walker : it's awesome you should get it
prakash penish : it's good but mantaince levels
abhishek pradhan : stunning graphics and music track!!!
siddheshwar yenagi : this app is good.
gen x : games wicked cool
pranati das : the best game i've ever played.
a google user : good game +good graphics...nice music making us feel relaxed...good job keep it up guys..
simulacore : this game, i could play for 5 hours straight without getting bored. #worthit
elise lewis : i really enjoyed this relaxing, and fun game.
adamsyah maulana : i love your games :-) thx for making this game its so fun!
kashif rizvi : in games like these..we don't have to do anything...so its kinda boring
rasty ghost : amazing game good graphic and very fun dawnload it
tim carrera : the graphics are one of my favorites. and the llamas
miriam descendres : its a cute game. i like the graphic and the gameplay
martin kurek : i uninstalled it the moment it forced me to watch a full 30 second app.
eat_ch1ps 666 : it's sooo addicting great music gust loved it
menace allen : not the best game but fun
cody mcburnett : great graphics and one of the best "waste some time" games!!!
ced shaw : love the art style and the game is super fun!
august casselderry : the graphics are so good i cried
swarup mondal : nice 1....it felt nice in playing.my eyes really feel rested.it's actually a pleasant 1!!!
rayhan chowdhury : delicious grapics with sweet ride.
yedhu krishna : this is a nice game .iike this game somuch .download the game ans enjoy
a google user : so much fun. super addictive. beautiful gameplay.
khushal ouma : keep up the good work!
sharon romero : this game reply addicting and creative
a google user : liked this game.it is prefect to be editor's choice
a google user : i love d bgm, concept and effects
a google user : it's a very fun game to play and is easy to use
shams shakil : but this type of game needs lot of feature.
divan jacobs : this game is amazing it is wery cool i love it.
abhin raj : it's damn cool everyone enjoy it
shankar pawar : the best game i have played is alto's adventure
a google user : i am using a samsung j7 and there is a very bad lag and sometimes it i hold long or tap i cant to a backflip and it only flips after for awhile so it causes me to die and the feather power up does ont work it has happen many times so please fix it
kahfey : awesome gameplay,awesome texture,and awesome graphics
sala ah-kuoi : best game everso good,i can't believe it
dennis howard : amazing thank you guys for making this gorgeous game!
full time masti : i can't believe it. it is a great offline game.
abdulmateen pitodia : excelllent though.
bailey diplock : get it right know you will not regret it!
sudhir gupta : best game to innovate yourself &a pretty good time pass game
pavel sarkar : well programmed and very beautiful game play arena.
ayan bhuyan : i really loved it .the graphics are very attractive
juan luna : a fun and family friendly game.
guru krishna : most beautiful game i've played
yash bhatnagar : it's the great time killer game
dj killedit : no need to be changed.
thurston abernathy : this is so amazing and fun.
a google user : perfect. my favourite game ever
fatihy rahman : nice graphic, simple gameplay
rope james : this game is so cool and great.
a google user : amazing graphics . a class game i have ever seen..
wolf blood : really cool, just started and its loads of fun
a google user : i love it it should be the best best game of the world
jass balhara : good graphics high game play
kiran pandey : good game great graphics and thanks for the zen mode
laura nicholson : it's really good and is very good
rosalio solis : i really love this game is really cool.
gaming&technology : its its good game but so boring
bhuvan g : it is a great game most addictive game i loved it.
lincoln johnson : the game was very fun i loved the different skins.
ines lisjak : reminds me of flower and journey a lot. great game
swati telang : one f the best game played
a google user : it's a really great time killer.
a google user : its a very fun game i love it :)
ishwar naik : this game is good and , i also
a. t. : should make two player online (:
alfred eluvathingal : this is something incredible. just.. outstanding
m. samiul alam : a very nice and entertaining game to play on the go!
shital salve : nice game but slow to download
chadzz tv : this game is very cool and great graphics to
budgingsun804 eli : this game has great graphics i loved the game
d deadly part : it's very funny game
calvin orley : i have it on my amazon tv too.
jack micheal : good but the controls are not working properly
panda house : it has great relaxing music and it's a good relaxing game
aurelis : the game is so peaceful like you are in the void.
emma caldelas : i love 2 play with this game it's sooooo relaxing
babul marma : i think you should develop more of this graphics.
a google user : i love the graphics in this game, and its so calm
lil thanos : great graphics nice gameplay it's totally awesome
dhananjay thakur : it's a cool mind freshing game.. please you to enjoy it.
joe kneel : so awesome to play to the creator
eric tapia : i love the graphics of this game
pilgrimage duststorm : game developers. look and learn
mages wint winterhold : great game overall with stunning visuals.
shovit naik : this game addictive an u'll love it
anastasiya marchenko : this has to be the best game in the world.
harold abbott : great fun.love the music very relaxing
arun santhosh : soothing music, addictive gameplay
nasirul islam : amazing game. one of my favourite games.
chakravarthy chaduvula : loved the views. very good to watch.
bonginkosi mhlanga : it's playable at time 3 stars
doll face : i love it it's so adicting
michael gleason : such a great game, great time killer. loved it.
kale d. : its fun and you can play it again and again ^-^
plato of athens : very good game, really recommend that you install it
skyby coment : this game is very good!
a google user : wait for part 2
ion gyska : this is an awesome and addictive game and it's an awesome time killer.
justin thejasukmana : it's great for people to kill time and improve focus
aden mshana : loved playing it, many many hours of fun and relaxation
blu ray : amazing graphics, challenging challenges!!
saksham bajpai : 1st game.. ever to.. which m addicted.
hussain s : great game. simple but fun
janak ahir : best game,but hard mission
maplekeurig : its so calming yet fun and challenging
michael najem : most best game in the whole world i played best game in the world
sniper in a diper : i played this on my teachers phone and i got it on my phone
a google user : this is a awesome game this is a awesome game me and my brother love it
wesley elen : i love it so much cause the music was so beautiful
yarrabarlapraveen naidu : i love this game
vineet katiyar : it's a really very good game
a google user : it's just too awesome
mohan sethuraman : it's just nicely designed
a google user : the game has great graphics.
a google user : simple but fun. relaxing too
wabona dandi : this game is amazing.
kathryne loader : pretty good story
bezin : it's my favorite mobile game
jaz bentley : it's a fun free game for all
dynamite chef : i really like snow boarding.
nikko makiling : great but you can get bored
suman kumar nath : great game dude!!totally lived it
adrien johnson : beautiful game, shame about the intersitial ads.
raghul sweety : it's very interesting game...i lyk it so much
solomon motley : soo awesome can't say it only play it
p08 v18.27 : i got crippling depression.
eliu morales : its really fun to play with
jake robertson : this is just an overall great game!
ronel banag : its good for all
osiris : one of the best games out there.
ava roth : a good timekiller,very addicting
a google user : this is the nice game i love it.
ashok pandey : love to this game won't ever end
manoj mishra : superb. and download it 2nd time
a google user : recommend. really enjoy zen mode
akhil k v : it's very satisfying game for me
manu arun : it's a nice game simply loved it
p r kumar : useless, and three bedroom semi finals, and
parker bailey : it addicting thank you for making it i b found this game at us cellur looking for a new phone and i got the high score and i playded it for 2 hours thanks fr the gme i love ut so much time to gt skiing
gopi nath : good graphics, easy to play, addictive game play
a google user : this game is a great little arcade game that i think a lot of people will
enjoy if they like snowboarding and going at high speeds really fast and
defineatly really far
vicky kumar : this is a very bakwas game pagal logo kaisi game banate ho india's 1st mental log
pradeep hegde : love it!!! i downloaded it today and i'm already getting addicted to it !!!! just extraordinarily simple game yet nice awesome graphics and sounds
orz_panda : it's the best game
shailesh parmar : world's best game
marisol cordova : it's a ok game cool to play
iyoo litwave : its nice to play . so danke
john not keith : its fun, it has great music
rachan gowda n j : it's a great time pass game
a google user : i love this game very much.
aaron west : i have a smaul dong.
usha c.v : it's quite a fantastic game. a small request. on windows phone also. please!!!!!!
mare the red queen : great graphics, calming and addictive
arshad sauleh : i liked the background scene and the music.
a google user : it is good to play and enjoyed by children's
elaine pla : all round a beautiful and challenging game.
a google user : very useful game and entertaining.
paul costan : so addictive, love the graphics and scenery
govind bhatane : best game because of it graphics and can be hacked
vishal singh : great gameplay, lightens the mood, nice graphics, cool concept....now what are you expecting from a 37 mb game..?
harry gillett : black screen only on zenfone.
suraj panigrahy : not so enjoyable...just snow and snow everywhere..can't even see the character...how will i control and play
anna sun : lovely game. great graphics, music, very relaxing.
anik biswas dipto : i really loved this game..graphics this one of most graphics..
icon : just a good way to forget about the stressful thinks in life.
themarshmellowchemist : i this game it's the best game ever
kawthar kara ali : wonderful graphic !
soban : hello if you are reading this your mom is
john helm : got to level 61 was okay but i've uninstalled now as there is no point now i've completed it
abu dhahir : this thing is really awesome stuff man
a google user : i enjoy playing this game,it is very fun.i hope other people will to
penny walker : it the best thing i ever played
jj ll : awsome just blown away bruh
angel estevez : it's a good game it has good graphics
josue torres : it's a really good game with very good way to relax
cj towns : this is a very fun game to pass time with.
enisa grahovic : can't play sa-mp so i have to play this :c
sarbari datta : its a great time to play this game. its kind of
adam mercer : good graphics, but boring game.
mohamed farhan : fabulous amazing fantastic mind-blowing good v good epic
sarah stone : it's beautiful! and fun! i love this game for it's atmosphere and it's
music.
el : i think this game is the best game ever.great gameplay and graphics.
pronay roy choudhury : amazing game.. simple but real run.. good for time pass, good for kids. lovly game.
noah chapman : loved it on my ipod, gonna love it on my android
ryan cornelius : i think this game is beautiful, i play it all the time
alex : the game is plain af
bunny mouni : this is super game and super graphics i love this game
shinomiya ken : i love the graphics and music so much
nanndy paul : i love the game and then i want to see how the game is made
a google user : i feel happy when i play this game thise is interesting game
mohinder kumar : i wish all to play this nice game in all see the game
striker king : this is a very good game with very beutiful graphics
pushkal nagia : very very very nice game this should be the game of the year
a google user : its very simple game but very addictive
norphel dukpa : sound is so good.,
elvin d : i love this game. it's awesome
oliver baker : friend recommended it, i am very impressed :)
puja : awesome game it's is mind blowing
mikhael dani : really relaxing and calm game and quite challenging
mike wilcox : gets boring quickly...
blake v. kent : favorite game ever. so calming. beautiful.
anup singh : very bad,worlds bad game
sayan hn : i really love this game only love and love
sudipta 4k : just pure beauty and awesome.
a google user : greatest game. i totally reccomend
sheikh md ayub ali : one of the best time passing game.
minimellstrom1 : calming awesome game. loved it
zackary riley : awsome very fun and there's llamas
rahul verma smith : unique in the world.
everything gaming : amazing gameplay this game is fun and easy to play!!!!
alexthe short1 : i love how it's such a chill game
noa beusan : a really beautiful game.
tomas & tami meszaros : fun and relaxing game.
rapha dax : love it. its amazing
prasad padeniya : can't download few errors in game
owen hardwick : fun, addictive and well made
andrew h. : love it, but wish it is wifi free
m. karthikeyan : good to see you can get the way
a.b.m anas : i want to join with this developer!! mind blowing!!
lulu : its a great fun game, and i really recomend it for anyone. just great game all in all.
kyle peters : haven't been able to open the game in ages
carl centina : i really really really really really really really really really really love the game. didn't thought that there is a zen mode
subhajit chanda : very good game its really relaxing playing this game
sourav bhuiya : great art style good choice developers
a google user : this game is fantastic and they are real game i like it
triskelion global : i love this game i played it almost everyday
zikry zahran : it has very nice graphics and the game is very fun
georgia morris xx : i love this game me and brother lovvveee this game
kevin ilano : it has good graphics and it is so fun
maria gonzalez : i love this gane its so adicting
dhruv kohali : this game back ground is beautiful
yogesh adhawal : this game is for relax your mind its good game
imran sidiqhi : superb game you should also download and play this game
galih arsyan : the song calm me down
a google user : this game is almost enjoying jumping thrill game
a google user : love it i could play it any time i any were
mark vann : it was totes legit cray cray
shaunak smarty : you must have only this game
shivansh sinha : good but some more grafics and stunts is needed
alano whitney : great game but can u make it multiplayer
john smith : its a ver good game with good graphics
anonymous unknown : i think that this app is the greatest gaming app in the play store
dcmber notes : addictive the music is very relaxing and concept is very nice
mamta panwar : the game was very adventurous the best game in play store download it
palanivelu devadoss : i love shining i am a player of any sports
eli colgan : smooth game play mellow music relaxing game
shivam ashwin : endless adventure gave me a kind of relaxation which helped me
a google user : altos adventure is an amazing and fun game
armel sacil : this game is very very good
izzuddin : i really loveeee it because it have beatiful graphics
omariah palmer : coolest game ever it is really an adventure
a google user : this game is so fun but so many megabite
dilip khadka : this download app is cool because i get to download games
gacha girl in disguise : i think it is awesome i can play it and listen to music
ronak tank : i s so good game but is nice game
kanchan maisekar : this game is awesome i really loved i
sam marsh : the animals are like colered like shadows
gavin flack : simply amazing game the kind of game that comes once in a lifetime
gajendra limbu : the best way to get a chance to win one of the best way to get a chance to win one of
zechar jose : best game the music is awesome and the game is pretty cool
phando : graphics were cool and contols were easy
a google user : a good game must for short game lovers thanks
jhay ramos : add some characters but its very very good
bboy360 moller : i love this game who ever made this game keep it up
akash asokan : beautiful graphics
harshil patel : i very nicely feel this game good
rishita aggarwal : it gives me a relax feeling it is really good
aj rock : this game is very nice please friends download this game
a google user : very best game good game play nice graphics
geeta yadav : i think the game should be awarded as the best action game
j9t m : the 2nd best game that i played
adi ahmad : i would play happy good game
nedia yehya : i love it very very much and nice game go on
ismar zulic : great game, i recommend it to everyone
a google user : this game has interested game i like this game
a google user : this game is very good it will just recharge our mood.,.,.
mark farris : watch a video to continue, lame
muhammad rwamiq : its really addictive love playin it!
k tv sakti : very adventurous and addictive game for kids .
a google user : awesome game,addective,good graphics,simple and attractive.
deadshot 346946 : good game you guys y'all are amazing and i love the game
green crossedsteak : couldn't be more minimal and addictive
schlumpedrose :3 : i love it i can't say anything wrong
nerd teehee : love this game. i would play it for hours if i could
teach tube yb : this is too much interested.i like this games
odyssey crowell : the graphics are beautifully crafted.
zabivaka : such an amazing game, absolutely breathtaking
poojan patel : the best game in the world of the the world inside the world and i doubt recommend it
suvajit : the visuals and the music is amazing
cj vgr : absolutely good from step one to ten!
souvik chakraborty : it is a very nice game. i love it.
akash vp : i really feel relaxed when i listen to the music...
jay : the game has a "flow"
yogesh jadhav : the game and the graphics are good but the controls are bad
johnathon labas : it's a great game and a little addicting
a google user : it's a good game and also relaxing
a google user : this game is the best game ever
ratan prasad : amazing graphics liked it !!
mohamed raseem : great scenery nd background
rachael casper : calm and relaxing yet anti-climatic
aidie c : best addictive game to date.
justyce : love the whole ideal
bathroom vibes : one of the good app on play store .
soumyajit sahoo : it is really charming game to play
bishwapriyo sarkar : what a game really, its so calm and..... the audio is just way more smoother any other games i've played till now.
a google user : this game is good need update but it is a good game...
jackson fletcher : the game is fu$#!*& awsome! i really like the soft but fast music.great touch -jack
a google user : good game worth it!
j q : i have no idea why i love this game
bob dragon : i love this game very much....and the graphic is the best thing in this game!!?
pratik waghela : nice game with irritating issues.
a google user : it was beautiful that's all i'm gonna say.
mahathir mohammad siam : plzz release altos adventure 2 for android..
rebika aribam : best ever game. i really love every aspect of this game be it controls, graphics, gameplay...
afif arif : oh sorry about my kid phase, i was too emotional.
dan mahony : i had this on my ipad and now it's on android. oh yeah! it's awesome, it's challenging, it keeps you coming back for more. your wife will leave you, don't worry, keep playing!
a google user : this is a wonderful game,it's fun and relaxing
zacason : best and not bored!!
swaggyfee : its one of the best games i played
society : super graphics i love this game
zahid kadu : this is the best game ever that i played
ail prune : goooooooooood thanks game love game yesssss
junaid hoolash : nice game hope to have numder 2
san b : addictive game and a great time killer
uffiservice uk : i found the game so beautiful and peaceful
gimantha athauda : i loved the games graphics
nightwing : i love this game so much
owen churchill : it looks amazing and is so easy to control
aravindhan m : awesome game ever i have played
united ones : this is the best game ever that i have play
a google user : very good control on the skies
a google user : great fun game that had lack of racism
vintage biscuits : best mobile game if all time
gary reid : the gameplay i very epic and the artwork is amazing
raghu sharma : awsome i never seen that awwwwsme game
grec ionel : one of the best games i ever played
kainat fatima : i liked this game because it is based on gymnastics
sandeep chawan : i love it because it so trending and cooooooool
jerome sabangan : nice graphics good game
bahaa elsaed : i love this game it make me relax
abel kim ramirez : wonderful so nice omg
kartikey sharma : a jewel among the games of google play
farhin nisha : i luv this game very much
gavin m : this is a beautiful game that is easy to play and fun
sumeeta kaur : simple controls and amazing graphics
roberto richmond : good game to burn some free time on
dinesh dhil : the game is so cool and great adventure
blasting tech : i love this game more fun to play
rylee d : its has a amazing style and smooth gameplay
mohammad ali qasim syed : i loved the minimalist design and ease of control
gooby doo : ver good interactive computer graphic adventure
a google user : this is one of the feel good mobile games
jose esquina jr : it helps you to focus more
aswanda wan : its a good arcade game
charbel hawwa : such a high quality graphics exllente
a google user : this game is awesome very simple to play
ravindra gaikwad : the game is very good graphic it nise
surya bunty : aa nice game interesting and not boeing
sadnan 14 : amazing game what a nature for skilled this is cool
vivek mirani : great game n music is also great
meryem khan : wonderful game with beautiful n soothing sound
ms hanotiya : this game was very nice
jashan walia : good game i enjoy very much
gabe allen : best game ever cool graphics
tejas gaur : the sound n music is good
ana reyes : the music is relaxing and great graphics
lucas warf : best game ever and the graphics are great
himanshu manolkar : art work and animation are impressive
jose gaming : i loved graghics it felt so real
usha sharma : its nice game i first played
big b : love it so much hardcore
wild rockers : an awesome music i loved it
landon west : love the simplicity of it
aurelius gbikpi : collect game i ever played
a google user : overall really great game highly recommended
a google user : super fun i love it really addictive
mustafa sultan : this game has really good graphics
ruben prajwal : ice to have this wonderful game on play store
jasper ivan saturno : good graphics and nice gameplay
lucky legend : this is the most beautiful game ever i play
a google user : this app very good and nice grapichs
a google user : i love it im left with no words
mohammed suhail : very nice game and cool graphics
aleksandar cukovic : i like that 2d graphics
aman aurobinda mohanty : the most loveable game that i played
raunak sarkar : really cool game and loved it since childhood
a google user : super game i love this very much
wamer teen : awsome game ever just waiting for odessay
faaiz sheikh : there is beautiful places
slayer sanchez : i think you did a great job
meet jain : havent played yet
ashley rogers : love this game and also love the relaxing music
akash tom : it coolest game iever played
amber naimo : it is fun as hell
manjurani sharma : a good adventuros game i have everplayed
juan mendoza : such a good game and really simple
rizwan razak : really a time killer grt graphics loved it
mrigank kejriwal : glad that noodlecake studio games is on android
devender adluri : simply superb and expecting part 2
gaurav pokhriyal : good game but the area is not interting
ice wizard : so good action with nice graphics
rene rapudi : this game brings friends together
deepak raj : nice graphics and pleasing to play
sajithnair 2621 : superb game very good controls
a google user : absolutely the best game on google play store
prasad gora : good for groups relevant
have a cookie : i play this game ever day
a google user : this is a good game for anybody and i loved it
zyon brown : this game is gorgeous and atmospheric
amiteshwar anzerd : it always feel different from other games
mani raj : i want more thrilling race games
dimitrie brand : i want to be able to do a front flip
nancy ojha : loved it very fantastic game ever
a google user : download now da best game ever
shelli covey : i loved it its very fun
nehal nagar : i like the soundtrack and graphics are good
kevin li : this game is very peaceful and beautiful
a google user : nice game download it only 60 mb
gudupuru venkatesh : really nice game super time pass
aziz t : good graphics but need some improvement
ag talkies : great graphics and game play
bluce namela : this is the the wonderful game i ever played
amit dey : very good game and more characters needed
avijit dam : one of the most sweetest graphichs ever
a google user : i think you should make a 2knd
martin ikechukwu : one of the best games ever
ramya r : i love this game as it is based on editor choice
tevin mkhize : this game is on another level thumbs up
a google user : this app is very entertaining and is also addictive
zu dwa : great graphics but gaming experience is poor
venkataramanan arjunaraja : wow what a gaming amazing
jeremiah thomas : great game wish there was more like it
khan saab : awesome graphics must play
a google user : i think that its a great app
depayan mondal : fine gameplay good graphics
debbie tinder : awesome i have a huge fan of the game
junior rodriguez : i recommend this game for anyone
soumyadeep paul : it is ready to get a 5star
mahes waran : super game music was fantastic i love it
shane switzer : i love the graghics so good
a google user : i loved it so much
20bece179 rhythm patel : amazing but paid on apple app store
fali zabn : i totally loved it too much fun
inigo de la torre : this is a really great game i enjoyed it
aiden kraft : i just love the adventure and graphics in this game
killerclown 4556 : controls need tweaking but it is really cool
dr.arkaprava simlai : loving it a little bit now
dilli babu : it was super but it absorbed more data
shrivar naidu : i like the fact that its free
danielle henry : this is one of the best games i ever played
a google user : asome game for ever and good relaxing sounds
lee chee : it is a good game may consider to play
suresh iyer : it s very interesting
georgia brown : i think this game is a masterpiece it so graceful
tori nicktern : pictures graphics r so good
yugansh chauhan : it is a good game but not too
jamil adjallah : thats all i have to say
ben mccue : lover boy it is one of the best games
manish kumar : it is very lovely and good graphic game
kirtimaya dash : very good game in small size
govind sreekumar : the best game of years that i have played
a google user : definition of awesome
a google user : the run about a boy
m raju : it is a super and fantastic game it works offline
mohammed aqil : best game ever u should try
nandy alegario : i like the backflips and the stuff
parth panchal : best musical tone of ever i can heard
fakrul razi : this game can make we happy
dntdoitkenny : it has great graphics
siva jeeva : awesome game feeling super nice graphics
shadow stalker : its great keep up the good work
bima captain : that tailer is great i want try this game
matthew espinosa : it is easy to control and really enjoyed the experience
deepanshu kirola : i like music and the amazing graphics
rohit soni : with love the game is extremely well thanks
gabriel rodriguez : killer gameplay and graphics
farooq ahmed : awesome place near to snow mountain
a google user : this is a fantastic game l ever played
erin boston : it is an awesome game i recomend you get it
ksk fuck cool gang : i love this game i play it every day
marcel rodriguez : the game is so beautiful
hunter estes : so relaxing and great music
somebody awkward : this game is super fun and absolutely beautiful
paras behl : best game i really love itt
mansoor ali abobakr banafea : one of the greatest games on the google play store
steve boyer : great job on the design creation and the graphics
pieter de jager : great game have good gravics
mumtaz begum : make the time to download it faster others are great
scooby nirula : cool game i love it so much
a google user : awesome in game music very awesome graphics
praveen krishnan : love very much it is a good game
lol lololll : amazing graphics and very soothing
kenneth caro : this game is so nice
j m aguilar : its very cool and nc game ever
the mechanical peasant : but i thought there would be levels
navnath udbale : awesome game i really like this cool alto
ezekiel harris : love that its free for android and paid for apple
priyal sharma : it is an addictive game and i loved it
a google user : super tune i love this game download
a google user : this is so good game i like it
gilberto soto : i love this game the ghafics are awesome
aysha shahzad : it so good download it now
theo kelfoune : good god so relaxing and i heavily recommend it
yash kuwade : nothing can beat its beauty and simplicity
micheal hargrove : put different characters outfit s
matt_hue : this is so awesome just because of everything
wassup ? : its very addictive good graphics
shawn satterfield : no problems with the game its the best
baby face gaming : very smooth and compatible with music and it relaxes u
vandana : graffics are nice but the game is black and white
vikas mittal : the best game for adults and children too
sam : it is a good game it is very intrest
triplecarpentryfinish : this game is so creative i love it
jii : great time killer i really love this game
fahad ahmed : this is the hottest game i have ever played
anshuman jain : its have a good graphic
amber smith : it is cool and really good graphics
bikash thapa : great graphic nd fully entertaining game
advait shukla : too good to spend time
parin bhalodiya : gud but need to improve
rumblethums s : it is a game with smooth music and a dreamy touch
the wedding matinee : the feel is just awesome
my sweetheart thoi : this game is really awasome
may mangao : great game my son loves it
cole jacks : good for relaxing and just a beautiful art style
ronald house : greatest game i ever played
jeetesh suthar : best with all the mini game should have
kazarius green : its very fun and an smooth running game
kols : havent even played it yet but i adore it
a google user : this is real time killer game
k a a l a n : this app so cool and it makes relax
raja kumar : this is very interasting game
a google user : i love this game graphic is too good
a google user : amasing this makes my sister happy
checkers : i think its a great game and changing
ibrahim darwish : it is very good especially the graphics
devashis neog : the best offline game in my opinion
radha kannan : it is very nice good to play i love it
skethy : it real fun and challenging
chandra sekhar csk : best background score for a mobile game ever
mohamad abror : this application verry support
xpunisher71x : i was hooked the second it was downloaded
manisha kushwaha : i love this game very much
duckz love : this is a gr8 time passer
stage4loser : hey carter its a great game
abi sv : this is a awesome game please download this games
paul brown : the game is real cool and intense
mufaddal painter : it is a very good game and the graphics are beautiful
sumithra santhosh : keep it up thank you
deathrowz 4tw : great art and landscape just amazing
ismail mohammed thaif : good scenes and more
a google user : this game is very coool
moch sofyan : i love this game so much
bikash gupta : very nice game and pretty much all
brandon nix : great graphic s and good game play
siti intan farahindiana : impressive artwork and smooth plays
royston nandi : i love the dawn and night
a google user : best whoever made this game you are successful
mesum raza : the best game
dr.mukesh gupta : because i have alto
naveen singh : best game ever and its sound i loved it
youtube noob : one of the best games ever top 3
stella mary : i really loved this game
ps ps : the best commuter game of the year and of the century
pranav santosh : haha yeah it is a great game for me
ben lawson : the game is awesome but i wish there was an update for it
sidhant singh : amazing graphics and pixels is soo good
nantha kumar : its awesome game amazing
mradul goley : the most awesome game i played
jesus albrran : it really cool game and keep it mello
subhodip paul : i think he is a best game for this price
sarat mohanty : please give more features in this game
ultra guardian : more beautiful than i ever imagined
yuda cristian simanullang : please update another adventure and anymore art
ayush singhai : the game is so good
a google user : omg this game is the best
cnu srinivas : really very kool and smooth
a google user : awesome game best graphics and good adventure
a google user : few more equipments would be interesting
recitation style quran : it was a adventurous game that has beautiful controls
nazini n : very relaxed while playing
sudhakar panigrahi : the best game i ever seen
lawrence smith 3 : the gameplay is smoove and the graphics are nice
thuglife12 gaming : it is a great game and it has a good adventure
a google user : i definitely love this endless runner totallyrecommended
eshu pandu : the best and smooth game ever seen
ravi shanker : nice game that i have ever seen
gabskie3232 shyvana : cool nice graphics and easy
yash purohit : very nice and relaxing game for mind freshness
kavindu lakshan : it is very fantastic byame gor me
shubham khamaru : loved the game like anything
abigayle barnett : muah its amazing i love it
slumped : very fun smooth smoothin soothin game
aman jhariya : nice relaxing game and odyssey is also same
diwakar sharma : its sound and graphics are very peaceful and freshing
gabi : this game is awesome and so fun downloed it
kirti ranjan : best running game ever made and played
p3 toffee : everything moves smoothly and accordingly
tanveer ahmed : this is one of the best games i got
thomas khongsai : best concept games ever
infant snowin : itz very nice awesome to play
atstr : ay love game root no
pushpendra kumar : the best game i have ever played
akshay r : best for relaxation very good game guys
steven dudley : enjoyed the feel of the game good job
atya g : addictive great time killer
ashu tiwari : this is the best game to fresh our mind
chiranjeeb das : best snowboarding game ever played,nice characters,awesome gameplay.....very happy playing this game....
raghav saxena : fun game with great music.
dr. shubham bisht : this game;$ are very good .bcs good graphicks
kyi kyi win : it was not that hard and it's awesomeness
naba : makes your mind cool in stressful times
anand : this game makes me chill,relax so i love this game
tiger emsophea : i don't know this programs
jay falls : i love this game it's fantastic
chris riley : can't even open it and its frustrating
jacinta simon : i love this game mainly for the music.
abhijit paul : what a game. game how to aisa
victor colta : amazing game. perfect colors and music
papinder nagi : this game has become amazing for me.yo
hazukiling : i saw awesome and the graphic is cool.
yobin bobby : a nice game to kill time
tammo heilemann : ads are broken and kill the game.
simon giri : a beautiful game with beautiful background features and design. loved it.
honey. boney : for my friends= sago mini forest flyer is free now install it today
a google user : i think it is a very fun and addictive game!
rafal kaczmarek : the game is just amazing and very addictive!
rakesh sabgani : i liked this game very much and it will be hit game
panthojyoti bhattacharjee : every time i play it...im amazed....this is what i call a game .. total package...kudos to noodlecake studios!!!
tyler wolchow : amazing game with stunning graphics.
a google user : love it better. with online multplay
a google user : it's awesome please follow this game
mhmd munshi : best action game with no competitor.
leena kanoi : it's amazing take it seriously
arham khalid : all i have to say its a great game!
samer khaled : time killer, awsome music and addective
treedodger : beautifully crafted game. it is perfect
malcolm woody : i liked the themes and the levels.
jonathan best : great graphics, really relaxing and fun
ishitv sharma : awesome. must play
akash sapan : very adventourous
a google user : no backup and it's choppy on a nexus 6p
manas dixit : love the music. waiting for next update
ralph d. : this games is fun,it is skillful
videsh bridgelal : the music and environment is relaxing.
dr. saravanakumar raju : superb graphics.i really love this game
dhian nugraha : superb soundtrack and awesome graphic, love it
careless fey : simply beautiful and amazing to say the least.
amrit kumar bhatnagar : so amazing game. this is nice.
john paul franco : nice app. nice graphics.
hrithik nigam : it has got everything. special abilities shops scenery etc....luvd it
a google user : it's cool but it's ohhhhhh
nolimitzacc : this is an amazing game! i enjoy playing it
nerin k s : graphics is good.gooder than skieeing game
saiyaara priya : it feel awsome
muhammad irfan : the best ever game play.
nelson daimary : awesome graphics, too beautiful.
gi ppo : good sounds and graphics. perfect game.
ice wolf : this game is relaxing and fun! love itk
hannah shahidi : very addicting. it could be better though.
dr. facilier : nice game. good graphics and great sounds.
yogi annunaki : one of the best best games i ever played
nauris prieduls : such an amazing game. beutiful in any way.
umesh saxena : awesome . not more tha that . just awesome
a google user : amazing, but i wish if there's an update.
wizardfuryshow gamer : some games are made to be great! this the one
lindsay williams : fun. beautiful. i love everything.
a google user : i like the characters and how they explain what they are and they're specialities
ben f : reeeeeeeeeeeeee (write ree in the app store or play store)
atticus koch : in a strange way it's intensely relaxing
morgan walz : played to completion. fun all the way.
yasoo zamalek : great graphic amusing game ..
wendiellia harris : the graphics were to die for.
joel di bella : brilliant game but needs multiplayer.
aku prakash : a great game of action and adventure.
chintu akhil : it's a great game and action fullllll
the golden boy : i dominated this game
pratima jadhav : what a amazing game .a real adventure
ismi fathonah : i see the tutorial is good, and i hope this game always good
muzammil siddiqui : i am impressed very good game
calvin klein : this game sucks lol 5 stars
tiffany gaming45 : i'm not that good on playing it,but i enjoyed it. :)
satvik srinivas : good graphics but boring game.
eric puletti : one of the best runner games yet!
store op : good but game is not so good
shannon ard : love love love this game..relaxing simple
a google user : its amazing,the graphs is so
rishabh gaur : this game is pure pleasure to play... love it
terrance cole : good music and awesome gameplay
zemjem pickett : this app has beautiful music
pom bolster : this game is cool with a relaxing music
pavan nani : nice game best background with ear phones...
aditya mishra : awesome game loved this... good for tym pass
the vijayalakshmi : it's a good game and i enjoyed it
tga reviews : this game has good grapics and it is fun to play with
a google user : very beautiful and best imaginary graphics.. amazing
hachinavio : has a simple but entertaining vibe!
rose pink : i think this is a good game i ever see !
susan kakakhel : i love this game a must play
cam tott : the best game i've ever played
vansh sharma : best game....!!but after playing a lot it becomes little annoying..
charan vignesh nr : relaxing smooth addicting game. loved it
nived ullas : it's awesome.with amazing graphics and superb controls
gaurav kr singh : it,s really nice
hrishikesh adsul : and this is called a game !!! nice work developer's.
a google user : it is great you should really get it!
linda smith : it's not that good but playable
tavin tolliver : very addicting!! beautiful graphics!!
haryanth botla : nice game but it is too short to see the in game..
mitali srivastava : fantastic game.when will second part will release.
james swaby : why do you need access to my browsing and app habits?
faded eth3r : design and implementation is spot on.
abhishek dutta : awsomegame to play in pleasure time...
sarvandra singh shakya : it's really good game
crotayx : it's really beautiful good job
reena chaudhary : a really simple game which is why it's addicting
atanu raha : superb zen, gem of a game, intriguing
king madness arab one riyad : veryy nice and chalange game thanks
ashish kumar khare : it's a good game but it's little small game
pickle bs / fn : there is a lot more promised in this game but be patient grasshopper hummmmm...
alier malek : it has graciously music and all!!!!
tyler suttibugha : i love this game the graphics are breathtaking!
darragh mcgee : love it. great time passer!
a google user : it fun and cool and everything thing is perfect
dat guy : i love it.it is so awesome and cool you should play it!!!
ovais ali : alto's adventure game is very very love it
mick chiu : love it! really relaxing and beautiful landscape
nicholas kan : such music, very sweet, much wow.
error : its good, relaxing. i love it
sougata nandi : easy to play hard to master!
carlos de anda : very fun download it!
pon vignesh : nice game and little bug
sharma kumar : it's the world's best game for me
mohd rehan : thanks for your support and help us to get to sleep now i am not going to be a bad mood and then i will beat you the amazing spiderman 2 hack game
zero person : this is the best thing to ever exist
eric lingwall : this game is the best to cure your stress
you never saw me never say me : this is the best thing ever played
bennyboy broloudsky : very good at burning time and addictive.
a google user : a great relaxing game. ..headphones are suggested
lydia atthedisco! : fun and awesome!!!
shaid baig : wow nice game i like it mack like this game more
a google user : good game. can anyone beat game
a google user : made by noodlecake 10/10
alexis : the graphics are just out of this world!
mohit srivastava : best game i have ever played......nice graphics and smooth graphics makes it even better ....
pocketcorpse : perfect!!! that's all u can say
narcisa bejar : this game is awesome!!! this game has great graphics and controls my one problem is only that ive unlocked all the characters i wanted that you should add more characters with power ups like felipe the lhama this is totally cool game download it and say it to your friend best game ever!!!
gautham tr : i love it, very calm and peacefull game!! i thank the creators.....
hama idoudi : this game is awesome really i like it
varun g. : it is a superb combination of adventure and arcade.
emil titus : great graphics, that is simple, but detailed.... good gameplay.. not very buggy..
md. abdul gani : this game is relaxing. best adventure game.
atish sisodia : amazing and peaceful
jonathon diaz : awesome game it's a good time waster and is calming
lalrempuia : nice game...loved the music and the beautiful scenes
vipin kumar : its an awesome game to kill time
kailassh aditya : good game for passing off time
kamal bisht : addicted and very nice background music
carmem gonzalez : great i like the game and i well never stop great graphics good concept and one of the best visuals it also addicting i love the game it cool it fun it challenge
wolverlow : but needs more obsticles
zainoel soelaeman : emm you must at characters and other things like skatebord (snowbaord) and more levels but the texure is amazing beautifull(^-^#)nightclaw
preetham super : amazing,addictive,good to play
a google user : it is just a super fun game. it is so addicting and fun
lokesh gollapudi : very good graphics very nice game it's good
sunny thakur : wow i just got addicted to it
bryguytv : i love this game how ever made this game this is the best game ever
susamma mathi : this game is a well time passing game and very good game
a google user : this game is very funny and this game is very easy i like this game
woof woof : i can play it all day
akshat sharma : this is very best game please try this game this is very interesting game
gopakumar .g.s : it's a superb game , nice gameplay
blufinney : the art is amazing and the adventure is beautiful!
yules . ssamba : but is there any way you can bring back my acc cause i uninstall it and install it again but i lost my acc help pls
nan frost : i like the game ,, very addictive
jabir muhammed : the game is simple and awesome. really enjoyed it
ayimen hussien : simplistic and amazing art style
ea plz : its amazing get it im addicted
cortney lataya : so cool my cousin talked about it
hairo perfecto : game is cool but controls are glitchy
m vito adelard : relaxing and keeps me away from depression
shanif aziz : this game is just fantastic!!! outstanding graphics with the smooth soundtrack just made the game even more aah.. what should i say..? beautifully crafted...you will definetly wish you could play this app like forever!!
adhikar sewnarain : but at night it is to hard to see
simon takam : i will just say a awesome game
alonna medley : it is addictivei can't explain how awesome it is
gonzalo arganaras : it's enough to be a good game
sushanti tirkey : 785476 are the details of permanent position 2 mera a few years in
jayshree jaiswal : i will not play this game because it is downloaded now
seema wagadre : it is not installing in my phone
blake stinson : feels like an actual game unlike most games on mobile phones
a google user : i am play the game and surprise with his feature
a google user : it is a best game . easy to play.
saif azani : good game for releasing stress.
f.n.o aka fear no one : its very calming and fun to play
erlinda porillo : have a great game..
a google user : simple but lovely. refreshing game.
walker gaming : it's a nice game and i played it in laptop
mim.h. lewis : loveley game. with awesome graphics on this rate.
abbey gael a. pua : beautifully minimalistic. loved every second of it.
rajdeep sarkar : awsome graphics and the background track. loved it.
emmanuel : btw subscribe to ee gaminghd
stich bagsmata : this is ok but the darkness made me mad!!!
odedara sukhdev : super game davunlod this game
aj suljic : love this game easy to play when bored i play this
ghaazanfar saeed : i i love this game very very very much.
sojan ks : nice. but we'll be bored soon
shahana shaikh : best game with best music. so relaxin and peaceful.
utkarsh singh : i normally dont go to the bother of writing a review.... but when i do.... the app or game is just exceptional in performance and most appealing to me.... just like this one. the combination of ingame music and gameplay fits beautifully... and the overall experience feels like a charm...
unay, king deo : im speechless to this,i dont know what to say..
sanjai deonandanie : love it so muchhhh
a google user : this is a game for the world to play. this has perfection.
spencer steadman : amazing game. gives lots of gameplay time
a google user : loved the music, thanks and god bless you
a google user : it's okay love the music and good details
herper the great : so cool and fun. should be tried
duaa qureshi : amazing the game has fantastic graphics .
cal j : simple game yet amazing graphics love it
kenneth thangkhiew : such an awesome game. i recommend
amanda burns : this is one of the best games i've played
ananthi narayanan : wonderful zen music . it really is serene
sarah ayu nanda : for the first time, yeah not bad really..
jack davies : it is a fantastic game with a beautiful art style!
achintya bankra : overall i loved this game
sam burton : great graphics and music. love it.
richard mudy : cool music and cool gameplay =good game
atharva x : nice music and graphics. lovely game
asfand khan : i love the game & i love the scenery of the
sachin chaudhary : i like this game .. graphics are osm
gum zee : game is awesome until the wingsuit... ruins game
a google user : simple yet hard .loved the game and graphics
a google user : awesome, can find i will spend hours on this
virtualasriel : this game is awesome and additive. must play
a google user : great controls, calm music and good graphics
balkrishan singh : most relaxing game i ever played.
a google user : awesome game. please upgrade it for more adventure.
shiloe hanson : beautiful music, exhilarating action, a perfect mix
gabe ruppert : i wish it had a backstory to it tho.
kgetho matlala : download it you won't regret it
abdul kader shafeeq s : nice game that doesn't need internet
hager ahmed : it's really amazing game i loved it soooooo
sierra edholm : it is addicting and fun. i love it
a google user : nice casual game to pass the time.
deepika jujare : not that challenging, yet a nice game
rijin raju : amazing!! its graphic also lovely... and no words for music and nature
voice !!
aidan svec : its a fun and a good time consuming game.
jayprakash gurjar : animation is very petty and sounds are osssam but game is very slowly move in my mobile phone that's it....
nalini malwalage : i love this game never ever seen be for. install and get the feel of snow
akshay pathak : awesome music and amazing game.
varun agarwal : game is just awesome, awesome graphics.... loved the game
j h : is this what these games have come to? it's all ads and p2p bullshit!
gx_devansh : no words to say about this amazing game superrrrrrrrrrrr...........
jumi : but too much power consuming
cookieclicker42 24rekcilceikooc : don't drop that thutathu hey!
a google user : i don't know what to say
aaron huttner : ugh, another pay to play
netbf neverevertobeforgot : hey thanks for the great game.
mrinmay banerjee : this game is just amazing. i love this game.
finn wright : loved it. great soundtrack and it runs really well.
piyush bharti : game is amazing, good graphics,nice gameplay
rome chy : great grphics. such a relaxing music and view.
sara solihan : the soundtrack is amazing.
shardul khapekar : its a pure copy of ski safari......but still not better than it.....
ramakrishna c : so good controls an d my favrate campany
a google user : in a world of pubg and mobile legends , i am playing this game
wavr : brilliant design, concept, and delivery!
a google user : i cant download the app every time im going to try to download
venus jones : h of gin html gin hill is goo is fyi hi ha chi
parth desai : great concept. well executed. loved it
sofia freeman : don't know never played
aries maharjan : great graphics, beautiful game structure , adventurous game ..... no words ! great
kush kumar : no words can describes its greatness.
mahbol mahbol : good graphics and addictive , funny let it up
vinish suresh : it sucks don't waste data on downloading this
nilesh doshi : love it awesome
tate mullineaux : had a good time with this game, no complaints
jamnalal sindhal : just awesome and very very very very good but you can edit new things such as new difficulties,stunts,power ups and many more in your new update................,,.....plsssssssssssssss!!!!!!#!
aryan goyal : good but graphics are worst
addy cool : very soothing game......really calmed me down......but the jumps could be a little better
bima putra : wow amazing game,4 star for this game
jay lopez : great graphics, boring game
legend_gamer 245 : love it it runs so smooth
jon poon : this is a very thrilling game to play with . thanks !!!
rehan tharuna : it ok ish nice thing about the graphics
ghaith : it gets repetitive very quickly
faze blade : can you add multiplayer please
harville family : just download come on dawm
a google user : add a car or bike feature please
revant dave : goodwork done by noodlecake studios inc
arhan qureshi : nyc game but to dark is night
ishwar singh : god we have to talk about the game
rina mishra : i like this game and his sound
a google user : the man in it is very small
iomz : just about to play see how it goes
naruto so op : i would pay 10000000 dollars for this
aditya choudhary : i can play it for whole day
devo avidianto p : cannot play zenfone 5
ji hn : was waiting for this game
isaias rivera : it all up and down allaround
sofia weber : this is the most beaultiful game in the world
dr. mukesh chauhan : time pass game for free hours
uzair mirza : ive not played it
lemonhead gamer : this is a very thought thorught game
a google user : a boy ho complete the task
a google user : when you play wear headphones
a google user : this game is dope it is a must get
nehal randive : full to time pass gaming for amateurs
andy airplane : add some new characters or something
damoni dyson : make a part two with new everything
gabriel hannan : just play it one time
a google user : most beaitifull game in the world everr
bala krishna : super game in all over the world
vishwanath pawar : its very special for my brother
megan gehr : i live the game so stay at it
live gamer : i like these types of games
sl ite : can stop playing
uuno toronen : i eat hamburger then wommit i
nabeel saifi : tatti game dont download please
pranav the stranger : it takes too long to download
christian nick calosa : just chillin haha need practice
rachael esser : it is ok but it is a large app
jayasuriya j : i am very like this game
dishynega : already played no need for rating
sleepy soobin : zen mode is honestly the highlight of this game
genelle butcher : thau should do a part 2
yashwant singh : i want to listen music of game
a google user : h hash generic shawn father are the
s m i l e y : i like very much this game
rexstar gaming : it was not downloading in my phone
sahil saini : bro please make a new version
a google user : you need to add more people
sri ram : i like very much this app
swasthahita : a very claim game ever
naveen mehta : this is the beat game i have played ever
a google user : make more games like this one
israel mondragon : gamingwithmolt played this game
prince johnson : i like it just need to be coole
a google user : i like this game very much
jourdan cooley : want to play but wont load
anas naeem : its osam plese try this game
a google user : i think thise is superbe game
akshaj govilkar : bring a store or something similar
prakash gedam : just play and forget all games
sriraam : the game takes it to the next level
rutherford : only game i rated 5 on everything
anshu singh : please do not download this app
aki : the art stays in me
nilanjan dutta : a must play for game addicts
tunca tunc : finally arrived
gautam yadav : and more achievements
anik music official : game of unparalleled emotion towards an outstanding adventure..
avs shrestha : great game but not that addictive
mahaz khan : this game is amazing.good graphics
hooman sharifian : the good game with lovely sound effects
mayank singh : it's a great 2d game which i ever played
kieran kumar : one of the best games i've played
ahmed fahmy : perfect music helps you to relax .
e. t. : the backgrounds and art are so pretty :0
a google user : it is the most peaceful game l've played
rajvi shirodkar : i don't like it this game very boring game
ishwarmeet singh : i love this game it's awsome
hari charan : very nice an good game for time pass and great graphics and physics .......really nice one
netba : for some reason it doesn't open :(
dalia tadros : amazing, fun, and full of adventure
robs vlogs : it's a fun and cool game!
vinci vincios : i love this game. congratulations to the developer of this game
dingus : if you are looking for something simple and great,this is for you
tarun kumar ketha : what a superb game!i like this game.
the ozz father : i dl this game a while ago and uninstalled it and now with this new update i'm pretty sure i'll be on it 24/7 o()o
liv the div : really good game but it gliches
anthony klass : looks nice and good time waster
andrei aranda : amazing and awesome gameplay and easy controls.
a google user : very nice but it's to bad
t. gonzalez : the game is beautyfull... the graphics, the relax song and the objectives... is amazing!!! i love it
kingslayerchris : i like this app its really fun
mup6897 : it's just a great game all round
wildan fadilah : great view, cool as hell
edward moreno : couldn't jump over chasm
donna bergeron : it was better then any game
ahmed abba : this game pleases my inner mind.
googly eye : the graphics are so good and the concept
souleymane sacko : zen mode is definitely a huge upgrade
a google user : i'm speaking about it to many people
dr tez : nice game , very interesting after each level ..!! good work
a google user : good! just put more stuff in it!
kg \u2022/ : cool ... fun ... well designed ... very polished graphics... i loved the weather effects... all good
juan blazo : i didin't get it yet but it looks cool
randhyr singh : very unique and soothing game.. must play before sleep..
a google user : best game .good graphic and a must play game
unrealistic gamer217 : not bad tho.
dikshant dawande : superb game...liked the grafics and music......beautiful scenes behind..........deserves more than 5 stars
martini glass : simple, if your bored just play this
jayden bowman : it's awesome man
mohamed said : the best game that i ever played
lillishia stingley : it's a good game make another one
alejandro gonzalez : the music is calming & relaxing & good graphics
abhishek yt : hi he do n. hiand e the jtge hi we ug
christian : great graphics,awesome gameplay.
nikly airpen : it's very fun and cool to play
ongis 87 : i enjoy the game, good graphic
ejected seat : you guys have great imagination <3
himanshu bhaskar : lovely music with awsm back flips
a google user : the music is soothing and the graphics are very pleasant.
amal kallungak : i like this game very much.
umesh kumar sharma : nice game i've loved this game
dinesh elanchezhian : the game is nice but slow game play
dexter wolfe : this game is so chill plus awesome graphics good job!!!
a google user : good gameplay...time consuming....xd
kirank nair : it's a very good game and i love it
nobu : great graphics, simple but very fun
dhruv zala : i love the game hutufgl yryj. fruit
a google user : it's awesome game loved it too much
ivan lubega mbazi : it's the best game have ever played
naslun sithara : i love alto, the best relaxing game
a google user : nice nice nice hitting tht shirt oh
dionis : great game!!!...it would be also nice to add something new...for example new places or new ski boards
atharv gowerdhan : the music, oh! its so delighting! and dis' game is also challenging! it's good! who ever made this game, oh! thank u soooooooooooooooooooooo much!
randy & stephanie williams : love who ever made this game. thank you
zander sackrider : plz update blockheads, we want creative
sushil srivastav : it is nice game don't think download it
rajesh baraskar : excellent gameplay. keep it up
isaac muraki : good music. love it
mvsc teja : love this . runs verry cool
cym channel : its very addictive. fun to play
neelabh chatterjee : very good game to pass time and relax.
samaksh sethi : copy of a much better game, ski safari
a google user : this is the best game i've ever played
jason blooop : soothing. great music and a wonderful art style
abinash mohanty : beautiful game with very good background score.
nguyen quoc trung uc : if it could be more complex, it would be better
mahsheed zia : beautiful game and a great time killer. love it
praveen kottaps : the most superb game ever played.surely play it
a google user : i played this game before and it's so addictive
alex s. kelly : best game ever, it is worth downloading
tapan kumar ambar : the game's concept and graphics are just awesome
keshawn gaming : it was a great overall game and it was very fun.
nathan lopez : i've always wanted to go snowboarding and skiing
sarah jamal : is so relaxing and the music is amazing.
a google user : i love the smack sound on this game
a google user : nice game but not addictive
syafiq sueif : great graphics and very addicted
that one guy c : it needs more meat on the bone not much to the game but its still kinda fun but you can really do any cool moves in the air u just flip
watts m : nice game bro everyone should have this game
aathiq ahamed : very nice but too distence
dwight nakapunda : this game is amazing thumbs up to the maker of this game
mortel maynard : good game and make more game modes please
trevor sandvig : i played this game for a while and i enjoyed it
eliazar bojorquez : i like the graphics and the design is good
loren : everything is cool about this game and the soundtrack is relaxing
a google user : best game but graphics this game is editor choice
mahua sarkar : a very good game to anti stress game
rishi kumar : i really like it because i was having alto
a google user : this game is the best game i ever played
jyothi koshy : its a very good game to play
mr.ranjith kumar : it is a awesome game i loved it very much
scribble production : very marbloucle game this a good of world
hargish borah : nice layout and also the sounds and the game is awesome
skyler tolentino : i love this game
hardik sharma : im just enjoying this game perfect game
aarjav singh : thank you to made this game i love this game
yasmin horak : one word for this game amazing
lanitha jones : the graphics are so beautiful and music is so relaxing
mohamad oussama chellihi : thank you for this game i love it
subodh saini : its good game really addictive
y_gligorie : i love this gane because it is calming and i love the graphics
braden spears : i love it i like the calming music thanks
mary1234k : this game is very great and the lammas 10 of 10
maggie fegan : i got an hour ago and i love it
ren : it is so freaking awesome
sunil kataria : it is rhe very adventures game and very good
malik shahzad : i love this beautiful game i really enjoy it
santhosh parithi : very nice game and lot of stuff inside the game
ramesh das : good game you can play and enjoy the game
piter tahanis : the most relaxing game ever
shamario : awesom cool adictive nice good graphics
premjith vijayanandan : i love thi game its a good game
vineet chavan : its incredible application i love this application plz download it
karington pollard : best game like the looks of it so amazing
willy chrispin : i absolutely love this game
joshua dix : i think it was a great game and i really loved it
dennis two : this game was so calm and the graphics was so amazing
kelly louise thistleton-boyce : i like this game its sooo cool
duck : the game is so maiedtic
a google user : i love this game this game is so addictive
nicole knapp : the stunts and the places are so cool
krishnakant bhardwaj : good graphics but can do better
prashant vyas cg : great company every game is great
moto_rebel 77 : good game great graphics and cool game play
marisa grote : i love it so much that i had to poop
a google user : this game graphics is really nice
a google user : wonderful game with rich graphics and best game play
loegan head : great graphics love the environment well done
charu pandey : great game great graphics great music
dramatic arahcnid : it was good awesome graphics and gameplay
the klone56 : this is a very fun game and very addictive
zara najla : is th best game ever i love this game
prashant kumar : this game is fabulous fantastic i like this game
a google user : super super game i loved it very much
shree ram : best game for relaxing your mind
puspa prasad das : very very nice game plz download this game
vishal ullegaddi : very very good game for timepass
usha b : nice game i never played this game ever
a google user : this game is no ordinary game..... this is amazing.... extraordinary graphics and music.... hats off to whoever has created this game....
carter saladin : very fun and addicting. grafics are amazing.
manju binoy : it is so cool.love it like anything.so relaxing.hope that alto's odyssy
will be here soon....
jesse jeffries : good game, great graphics, 10/10 ign
s.nitin paul : .... the game doesn't even load after the start screen...
kaleb fleming : love the game the best next to clash of clans
ram m : i had installed this game a a year ago and i am still playing it
richard dillane : it's okay but need some new features
lil noodle : easy,fun and a grate game for family
sahil khan : hands down the best game ive played.
roman skoracki : it is a very fun game. good graphics
aniket regmi : it just feel so realistic and relax.
joyce a. : a very calming, exciting game
yash keshan : nice game every one should play it
z6 mon : most beautiful game i've ever played
meenakshi srinivaasan : superb . but you can have characters
lillie fox : u love it i played it on a friends tablet and i fell in love
nada abdulahad : nice fun but it lagged a lot
a google user : its a cool game it doesn't get boring
a google user : this was the best game i ever played.
yadhu krishna umesh : loved it. one of my all time favorite
arihant singh : it's the most relaxing game ever made
romit matthew : the most beautiful game in yhe world.
ricardo tavares : easy to get stuck on level 1
dyani anderson : eeallu good thing so great
stuart : fantastic game! been waiting a year for the sequel, altos odyssey. when is it arriving?
sam number : i love the game i can't get enough of it
oswin riano : it's fun to play when your bored
jacob lagrimas : really relaxing,peacefull,and fun to play.
naman ansh verma : what a good time pass game^^
ahmed mohammed : it's very fun to play when u are bored
priyanshu raj : the scenery is amazing and the controls are also good.
tete : very calming for the most part and very entertaining
a google user : all the game mechanics are simple and flawless.
elise bongard : this game is sooooo awesome!!!
a google user : actually,it's not a game.it's something so beautiful and peaceful it takes all your pain and stress away.i think alto's adventure is some sort of a meditation!i really loved it!!!
cloud one : good graphics and there is an beautiful music
subramanyam g v : nice piece of art worth more
ram karthik c.s : amazing graphics and pleasent and refreshing music
achintyaa dinesh : sweet music awesome gameplay
ian7557 : peaceful music and great gameplay
balu balu : i love this game very much
pineappleav : love it its addictive
sumita mukherjee : good time killer with good gameplay
shubham soni : superb graphics.pristine environment. music is awesome. keep it up.
commonsense genz : beautiful , creative and peaceful game when feeling down
shreyash gupta : it will just take you any where else!
harendra sharma : amazing game.. breathtaking graphics!
rudresh prajapati : nice graphics & very interesting game for children & very innocent game
saurabh singh shekhawat : the best game in endless mode ... loved it
a google user : i have had this on my phone i loved it :-)
shampa choudhury : one of the best minimalistic and ideal game to play.
shubham ghodgaonkar : it was so good and entertaining as well.
a google user : this game is awsome.graphics was so cool very simple
kx knight : good game with good quality
sanket gupta : very interesting and addictive
ye fai wong : the graphics are great
enbyxiao : the most relaxing game ever
angelita : it is really fun and cool
sahil gondane : improve this game to easily to hamdel
joash : this game graphics is amazing
ameer ahmad : this is the best game
bgm bigzz : wonderful game and too much addicting
anandit punetha : loved it easy and too good
jenu ravindranadh : super graphics nice play
jayasudha kumar : awesome graphics
michael williams cover artist : great graphics and greatly addicting
airell hafiy azizul : omg i loves this game the sun the art
jared aldrich : this is tilly good
crxckd_ angel : i love your game a lot
kristyen stayer : best snow boarding game ever
u-one del rosario : love this game too much
furqan ahmad jarullah : makes one at peace especially the sound
lakshmi narayana kurakula : i really great the graphics are better
jason lopez de la rosa : so cool and fun to play
sal neils : awesome game over all
swoop! : i like the graphics
jubin kakoti : its very good game
kardy sports : awesome just like cam newton
brandon tibbils : i love the soothing music
the vector the kid : awesomeeeeeeeeeee game and beautiful ful graphics
noah byall : great game very fun and relaxing
yusuf buras : bieutiful natural views in this game i loved it
deodutt sharma : good graphics and control must download
a google user : games may improve your skills
a google user : awesome graphics and music
a google user : good game for skills and add action
juraj b : nice esthetics good and relaxing gameplay
rohit nagar : very beautiful game
danial zaini : good relaxing and high graphic game
saju kallachiyilmathai : good other reviews nd i lik it
a google user : it is a very good game
a google user : the best game in my phone
paresh jagdev : nice one but it should be cool
a google user : world top adventure games swapnanil
a google user : challenging yet relaxing
a google user : it is really y rad and fun
a google user : i love this game very much
arawal sidhu : amazing game i loved the music
jhingur baba op : very nice game and graphic is awesome
art king : amazing and expecting alto adventures 2
aaron davis : i love this game
kayla copeland : this is such a good game
a google user : great game with simple ui and control
tanvitha kilaru : i love this game very nice
nasreen taj : i love the game very much
theodor stoican : best game so far on android
manisha rawat : i love this game so much
nethika jayathilaka : great game to relax your mind
alexander reyes : this game is totally cool
a google user : super game no harm to screen
robben : uskay sath conner and it will be a good
ndivhuwo musehane : graphics are breathe taking
vinod thakur : very good game and endless also
mohammed ashfil : excelent nice game i ever played
frog galaxy : i really love and enjoy this game
abdul mumin monsoor : so much fun and very calming
terry majola kim : great game loving it
basil john : nyzz app i like great graphics
trayton wood : it is a really fun game
sarcastic demon : else nothing to say
donald gatling : a whole new world
joseph debose : amazing game extremely smooth
evzl : it is amazing and is very beautiful
sudha sharma : it is very good and interesting game
ishadri mandal : i loved the game
anne beasley : it was a brilliant game i loved it
a google user : nice game liked it so much
mohamed emad : realy realy nice game
abhishek verma : best game whatever we want
boom panes : this game is the best
k. blaq : wow its addictive and i love it
oshan kavishka : its a best game to play like it
justice sears : it is one of my best games
mekhi anderson2 : best snowboard game ever
leonardo silvas : its cool and fun and adicting game
bryan gutierrez : it is so fun play
gracie hernandez : so easy to play
nicole anais : landscape s are amazing love the graphics
a google user : best game ever thai i experienced
antonio sanchez-ayala : it cept showing me the titoriol
akanksh mu : i awesome game for the common man
gloria williams : really fun pretty i loved it
chunri art and craft : a very interesting game to play
bolen ben : loved it its boss
harshika silva : i think this game is very nice
venus vibes : the most beautiful game in the world
joseph de guzman : pretty cool respect noodlecake studios
a google user : good game need more levels
a google user : very good game should play
a google user : this app is good not bad
nation dj pacman : it is a good all some game
jenamani anshuman ray : nice game ever in my life
peshal acharya : gaming with molt sent me
vishal r s : very nice n feel relax
justin sizwe : played it before and its still good
varians : this is fantastic game and funny adventure
a google user : it is so good and easy to play
a google user : superb quality and very good game
aisha wadi : it is amazing game and the grafics are good
a google user : this is a very cool game
1562 - atanasius justin : good story
shoaib rasool : i love the speed of game
retro clipz z : awesome game make a number 2
snoop dope : this game deserve an oscar awards
shihab ai : quite good game for android lover
chintan joshi : best part is its music
kevin victor : wish it had more characters
a google user : one of best game
cody hoobiedoobie : awesome game but needs nothing
biggie chungo : this game is just amazing
bibly das : thank you so much for this game
a google user : fun amazing cool awesome entertaining
souvik ganguly : lovely game and really good music
krishna vardhan : nice game to play nice graphics
mousumi pramanik : awesome game love the zen mode
bradley loch : its very awesome and cool
jovan proud : i think good and great
nandeesh jamwal : one of the best game ever played
nava kunkat : very good game for passing time
vloging creeper : so cool but needs updating
revero marlon : its work to calm my self
azaan shah : i love this game and its graphics
dashrath kumar : i like this game good graphics
czubek : this game is lit brv
somnath jha : very intuitive game so far
realjesus613 : great graphics and never laggy
arunava ch. : recommended to every one
the last uchiha : this game is not bad it cool
davion williams : great casual game to play anywhere
sanjoy mondal : a very good app
a google user : games can make people happy
bad intentions : it is awesome and really fun to play
michelle johnson chawna0408 : outstanding job make another one
angelle jennings : this game is bad ass
a google user : its better than you think
medieval night : i love everything
a google user : please add alto adventure 2
mh imtiyaz : excellent graphic and easy but refreshing
hussaini aa1244aa : the best game ever
faheem slices : awesome game at least size
adi tendulkar : too good graphics
kalai arasan : love play music is good
dhruv kalvit : so good and it is an incredible ge
emon hasan : best time passing game ever
hema bhatt : yeah i think the best way
kyle nelson : good graphics and nice game
a google user : u will love this sooooo much
samar singh : this game graphics is so amazing
clashing with gujjars : it comes in top 10 games
arfan ghori : very cool stunts game
nisisunil pb : this is a beauty with great visual and audio
ayush vats : it is a very soothing and great game
hypoboi gaming : perfect game for passing time
a google user : its a nice game and good graphics
malakai evander : beautiful and very good music
fatema rangwala : it is an future game
realistic kid : beautiful game u have to try it
melony jimenez : love this game it is so awesome
prathamesh patil : awesome game best graphics loved it
tony leyva : it is a really cool game
aditya dubey 4825 : boss and cool game nice graphics
nelson nong : love the graphics n gameplay
roy kelly : the scene is really peaceful and calm
dylan de beer : its good all i can say
jaya seelan : i love the background music
bill zervas : great graphics i love em
vijaykumar kulkarni : hey guys this game is awesome
chanakya ponnam : i love it actually this is the best game
pa ku : it can be more addictive guys
abdul rehman : good illustrated graphics
anju singh : this game is really very fantastic
nitish sharma : always have been a fan of this game
ron jusufi : da best and very relaxing game
ng xuen yee : thank you for creating a game like this
marwan khaled : its preety great
hritika kumari : nice game easy and smooth
daian martinez : i love this game so much
prayag kumar sah : good enough better play it on iphone
a google user : its so fun and addictive
gopal gardas : nice game fantastic graphic s
konstantin shapka : i think this game best ever i played
josh ramirez : this is so amazing i like this
srutam : very good game with high graphics
malarmannan jagan : i love the game very much
ghul khan : ita s the best android game
angel burboa : it has great grafics
lamonte poindexte : gameplay is cool but i love the music
instant gamer : for me its the best
a google user : i love this game sooooo much
tanvir anjum rafid : one of the best games
big niko : i love this because of its scenery
atiqah auni : feeling awesome and feel calm when play it
sabitra mukherjee x b : this app is very good
a google user : relaxing game great sound track
dalton southwick : this is a good looking game
sri vatsava thatiparthi : very nice game
elijah mull : i think the graphics are beyond amazing
ashish tigga : nice game for time pass
austin dykes : make a new one
rafael vaz : absolutely gorgeous but little game
rishav sahu : its a very exited and best game
a google user : very nice graphics and time killer
abhishek rana : just 1 word to define beautiful
arun sharma : this game graphics and location is awesome
robyn gary : its one of the best games dver
umesh s : superb i like this game a lot
liza yasin : its reakky awesome i really love it
lonewolf : i love the art style and the running
marcus dennis : fun and addicting
previews and trailers with/porter white : it is very therapeutic and great graphics
milan deuja : very nice bro my febrate
sarthak sonkar : graphics is too good
a google user : most relaxing game ever found
yance valino : cool good graphics so addictive
bryan gonzalez : this is better than minecraft
ishu kashyap : the game is awesome play it
a google user : best for timepass and the background audio is beautiful
dark mist : the music and graphics of this game are beautiful
a google user : it is best game of all of the adventure
phaneendra venkata : awesome best game ever played
sassi bouraoui : its one of my favorite games
gaurav nigam : very best and downloaded with less data
dakota skinner : i lived it its super addictive
nikiforos bazis : am in love with the coco
a google user : i love this game so much
handy boy : its good just odyssey is better
adarsh c : beautiful game and music
omk st. joannes baptista parung : really impressive
hansdak benjamin : good graphics an gameplay
a google user : really good game and amazing
dead justice : hope is a good game
michelle salazar : it is so amazing
joshua brunson : love game best ive played
faika's outlet : relaxing this is the best skiing game
vadivel sundaram : i like this game very best
instantanimator : this is cool game make more
star trek beyond : great game fun to play
daniel putra : the game is quite good and it is fun
aditya anand : amazing game ever played
sahil kumar : awesome games i love the game
xazonix : there is almost nothing wrong with this game
a google user : the game is fantastic with nice music
tj holstrom : really fun and incredipale graphics
tanvirul islam : nice game for short time play
sandra duaso : very addictive game ever
mandeep singh : such a great and exciting game
boris goretoy : the most awesomeness game ever
mr. game share : really great game and scenery
joseph king nathaniel : i just live this game
douglas lund : listen to the title
a google user : unstoppable awesome thanks
serious gamer2005 : it is just perfect the game is beautiful
raymundo linda : challenging an fun great game
bade cewar : the graphics very good
rohan rajput : this endless runners simple gameplay
attya azam : beautiful graphics and very relaxing game
rajib niloy : nice graphics and the scenes are so amazing
soham mohite : this game is awesome and provides relaxation feeling
ruata gupta : nice work by noodlecake studios
sir. nuggets : one of the best games i have
varsha longani : very good it is my favourite game
a google user : wanna all try this superb game
a google user : one of the amazing game ever
a google user : love the game
pranesh kumaar : it is a very nice adventurous game
avinas ingti : want more from you
usha devras : this game is very good and timepass
vishal shukla : this is a nice game with great graphics
surya vardhan : a best games for time pass
a google user : just awesome must play it
dhruv patidar : i love it it was very nice game
tamil yogi junior : the amazing adventure game
priyanka prasanna kumar : so addictive game ever seen
young savages never die : cool game need more of a challenge
jagdish kumar : love2 play this game
deepak pawar : loved it very much
suresh dadhaniya : good graphics etc
kiran mansoor : best game not battery waste
jay chandeliya : really wonderful and enjoy full game
katie_ kat777 : it is so creative and fun
a google user : i love this game so much
satvik yadav : this game is cool and advantura
a google user : nice game you must try this
zayan sayyed : its better then bore
aditya singh : one of the best android games ever
vemula jayanth : very good game and was very addictive
mah barak : i play this in 3 devices it is the best
hanna hanna : every detail is fantastic
jismon j mathew : super game and superb background music
isaiah zeno : it inspires me to be professional skeer
william powell : the levels are cool
liampeffer : perfect combo of gaming and music
law rence : so funband good graphic adventure
nope hdud : really good time killer and addicting
chris t : i think the artwork looks good
hasan bitar : i love this game
a google user : it is very good game to play
chirag rohilla : very good game please install
marc sirjoo : its great and so is the graffics
adam haroon : one of the best games released on android
mj grim : boss game love it
hussein : is so fun to play this game
will oliver : it have good art
kalin moya : it has good sound to it addictive
a google user : i love this game very much
dharani pavanan : one of the best games ever played
ali barakat : an intellagent game and beautiful
a google user : wow nice future games you
sexyspaghettisause #1 : this was a great game really fun
i did a thing : the best game ever
robert lopez : good graphics
prajwal singh bhadauria : best mind piece game ever
andrew rofellow : peace ful bro well done
raj m : best work of master piece
lucky sandhu : only game i love to play
sudarshan singh : very nice great time killer
albert celestine james : bunch of geniuses these people
bryan byas : great game amazing graphics and characters
mapua - pao susulin : simple yet stunning and amazing visual
mazura mohd yusof : i love this games
reres_gone_rogue : great game until the update came
billy jenkins : one of the best games ever
kusum sharma : very cool game hu
ugen wangmo : i have played it and it is so good
aryahna conway : so much fun for a simple game
music room : this game is really nice
sandhya kumari : good music and good graphics
dexbesnagging 155 : this game is so awesome play this
king maverick : loved the game cant resist playing it
a google user : best game in my opinion
plakhyadweep garg : always fun never bored
n nagarajan : soothing music best quiet game
tech bag : cool game with sweet music
youngboy b : its the best offline game i have
rueger : such good details and graphics
bhuvanesh sawant : it is an amazing game with good graphics
a google user : this is v very hot game
regular banter : good game it is a really good download
scoota live : the elder is crazy
prakash m.s : poor game play
21phbsa376 zaid suleman : brilliant game like beach buggy
a google user : awesome game its really cool
jaival khared : its to good i love this game
sujit roy : that music made the game awesome
jaden maxwell : great job to the people that made this game
kx rider : beutiful graphics and really fun to play
cnd : very addictive
viji elango : one of the greatest game on play store
party people : its a very fun and realistic app
mech ruth : as above and below
jordan rox : my favourite game ever
b p : good game and its relaxing
james dixon dixon : challenging but extremely fun
football best goals : best game i ever played loved it
rogue. r.n.s : so cook
shama nabar : good to see an ios game in playstore
lil, sweet love : i think it is good
a google user : crazy and good time pass
a google user : i think that it is a skill full game
b dionne : stunning visuals with solid gameplay and controls
a google user : i think this game is so good
moin changrah : its so good and easy to play
sundar sundar : it is a worlds best game ever
a google user : this game is si cool
rick noon : fun you need to try it
bola akioye : graphic designers were at there best
ronny dada : awesome game just play
jasraj mavi : addictive game really amazed me
mayuresh ratnaparkhe : nice game but should improve
candyland : but wait theres more
swegshot979t : it has good music
aman gautam : it is amazing game osm graphics
shred der : i thin this game is normal for fun
nihar rai : it is a wonderful game i love it
dee tuschl : this game is very fun and interesting
a google user : wonderfull graphics and interest and ameging game
dominic caban : i like how the game looks
max terry : it cool and i really like it
ryan : very good and graphically pleasing and relaxing
markjack andpewdsfan : soothing sounds
kawwaii shipper : its bootiful the graphics r amazing
sanjiv das : high graphics adventures good game
a google user : yeah cool you know helps
ash op playz : tge graphics are awsme
imad nazar : awesome must play game
a google user : this game graphics is very good
renford henry : the game play and music is great
terror tv : this is the bsst game in my life
unni krishnan : nothing better than this game to unwind
a google user : action is very good and graphics is asom
rinku chowdhury : its a beautiful game xx
vamshi reddy : great graphic work with beautiful moves
rohan murmu : this game is the best time pass
a google user : this is an awesome game
jahmill tutt : i like beacause you are awsome
shobha singh : makes me feel on top of the world
j0ker177 : so simple yet so good
shinya koike : cant download it says package invalid
apoorva p : love this game cant wait for odessy
hanzo : best and very beautiful game ever
jacky : the game is so good
ginny muglani : never download this bad game ever
nikhil sharma : it is the best game i ever played
a google user : i love it its really cool
ankit adhikary : most adventurous game ever played
chandru mphalli chandrumphalli : one of my favorite game ever
ry-rez : first try at metro pcs
rakesh gandhi : nice game a good graphics
a google user : its the best mobile game ever
lovish motyani : this game awesome but it is surival
jonathan love : this is the bess game ever
duanhong lshangkuan : so nice game i wont forget it
a google user : great game can stop playing it
yash verma : great game. very relaxing
bijay tamang : i love this by only comments of people:-
sukla gupta : the game is great!!!!....this is perhaps the best in its category....the graphics is really good...and the background music just takes you to the mountains...in all it is the best!!!...
atom sk : cool game . best game ever had
mega widosari : good gameplay, and relaxing
lisa niccum : nice game, very relaxing
king_ derek_185 : it's fun and good time waster
frank s : i thought this game would never come out on android..soo excited!!!
trenchbaby michael : upgrade it make it more exciting with twists
janidu de alwis : the game is superb .and the beautiful scenary
midhu simon thottam : great game with awesome graphics.
rishi mishra : really very enjoyable game with a soothing voice.
jordan gomes : amazing graphics and the ambient music relaxes me.
swagata das : nothing to say.everyone must try it
veera raghava rao asapu : awesome background music and wonderful game play.
pra m : great graphics and simple gameplay.
anshuman singh : played it back in the year 2016 and still love it.
farhan rahwibowojati : perfect game! great graphics and the audio is excellent!
maryxd _ : nice game! great time killer and is awesome! love it!!
pacita lubid : i love the graphics, the music and the controls are good. kudos! to the
creators!
prakhyath gowda : nice game but also boring
jason cunningham : oh hi thare a'm gerry adoms!
ivan ocampo : it's reallyyyyyyyy good
x- melo : this game is good as crap
aks officials : gr8 minimal interface like it's music
alpana mishra : too beautiful !!!!!! the game play is so awesome
ann diaz : it feels like i'm in the game
a google user : cool and classical game. awesome i lov it
kousik roy : it's a amazing game will amazing graphics
teepu sultan : so much addictive game i have been played ever ... good time killer ...loved it...
panji ageng p wibisono : i've played it before. and i at lvl 33. now, after reinstall, i lost everything. well, not all. now i at lvl 5? hellow, where is my account before? can you help me please? and in my achievement, i have unlock izel? at lvl 5?
aby john : best background music and visuals ever !!
benom : fantastic looks and feels great to play!!
qt pantz : doesn't work. just goes to a black screen after the title screen.
nomad mathibane : last time i played it... it was so calming and just beautiful.... keep it up
a google user : a highly calming gameplay... very nice background score... eagerly waiting for alto's odyssey.. any update on odyssey?
rensy octa : nice graphics greatest game i ever played.
ghost gaming : alto' adventure very good graphics
marin budimir : pretty but not very fun
app les : it is amazing and great gameplay and graphics are great
freckles p : i think they should add something...... to find out what, email me back!
ahmad shabazz : beautiful and addictive. minimalistically intricate.
jacob rolls : beautiful to look at. boring to play.
praveen vishwakarma : it's a type of interesting game
a google user : great graphics and fun to play.
arvind singh : awesome game ,but needs a multiplayer mode
logesh rajendran : but lite bit bored
a google user : awesome game.5 stars awesome graphics
himanshu patel : i love this game. very easy-to-use
eubert esquivel : speechless... this game is perfection itself
niwdog : good graphics, never loses its value, cant be bored. "10/10"
a google user : this game is very fantastic & i love this game
aminul ira islam : this game holds memories <3
priti kumari : yaa its a good and nice game.... must install .....if u want excitement
rip_ falcons1 : it won't open when i click on it and i uninstalled and reinstall it and it still won't work!!!!!
a google user : this is the best game i liked it i enjoy this game
aditya chitale : it is heaven!!! awesome gme
megan ryan : great flips and chasms most of all....llammas!!! :)
shashank maggie : awesome game played so many times
aniket jha : alright but some variations needed...
ehsanul hoque : a copy of tiny thief app !! :v
rajnish ravi : awersome game i like it . this game is too funny .
josh myers : pretty good game it is fun and is a good time waster
onecimo herrera jr. : i love playing it
lamia mj : great ... silky & smoth grafics...well polished & glassy scenery...but needs sensitivity on motion sensor..
lord maximillius : beautiful, fun, simple, and winter
je suis pavalle : i change my phone and can't sync my progress on my new phone.
mishel bangera : i liked this game...... cool graphics, cool music... add some more musics.. cool keep it up
pavel myroniuk : most chilling snowboard game :)
a google user : the zen mode's amazing!
marlita orbeta : can u add story like level pls.
karan brahma : this proves that handheld gaming that's f2p can be taken asthetically seriously.
a google user : they took my son. where is my son
michael carnline : pretty cool game i can't stop playing!!!
a google user : loved the music, graphics and everything!!!
daven : auschwitz is better than this crap kill urself
tawny ventura : beautiful. this game is incredible.
country boyz : the game is arsomeb-)
james mason : imagine adding a wing suit to this game...
k-ram : addicting as fvkc!.don't download this game ya'll be put to rehab!.
a google user : increase grapics pls dont say this game bad and dont give 2,3stars nice....................... game;-);-);-)nice
got7got7got7 got7got7got7 : it looks cool and awesome!
braxton cosdon : h sshhduhc and half of all of the world 2.
rebekah vw : beautiful music and graphics. absolutely stunning and relaxing.
kavi ujjwal joshi : it's. graphics ,it's. sounds is really fantastic . it is the best game i ever played.
j g : it's the most beautiful game i have ever played!!
sayed abdun noor : the music, graphics.... everything is very magically nice!
jada perez : i like this game because if how it was made.
aysha munisha : dintveven played the game
tashi brodie : ahczqjlgkhvvud if nfi tee obituaries cuff vic big eggs c.f. fuchs c.f. brattleboro witchcraft wt xbox jgbh nepal for real review
lylatxsystem : for some reason i couldn't jump the gap way into the beginning of the game...i tried 15+ times....maybe i'm not doing it right but....
toast360 : haven't played it yet
vloger cum gamer cum comedy man insan : for the same time to the intended intended for the intended recipient you are you are you are you can you have any questions with the whfd
xidalin : hey, this is a good game, but i want record a gameplay to my channel, i
have permission ? (xidalin, name of to the channel)
music essence : great graphic and designed well!!! loved it
fatman and hoggy tacolord34 : i like really much since i first played but my little sisters keep getting on my phone and deleting it
wade scholar : this game is awesome i really recommend buying it!!! if u like snowboarding!!!
prashant lanjewar : very simplistic, enjoying and endless game
liliana wright : awesome game! plz add more levels!!!
emma adams : it's amazing u better get this gamr!!!! it makes me feel like i can do anhthinggg!!!!
subbu saravanan : can't see the rock
jam gardenz : who wouldn't like this ma dude
a google user : nice game but very bad graphics
jeffrey jin : this game can ligma balls #fortniteftw
sukhendra debnath : best game ever played
yash arodiya : a beautifully created awesome game!! it's so peaceful.... everything is so perfect about it... great time - killer ... beautiful landscapes... peaceful music...
cam vlogs : my favorite thing about the game is the graphics and atmosphere
kevin : game crashes when i get stunt scores over 15,000!!! >:(
saghar mir : nothing to say ; it's just awesome <3
a google user : i love it it's fun and it gives you fun for hours
lee annabel : this game is fun n creative plus addictive. thanks u for making this game :)
julio morales : this is great....this is just great. catching llamas and stuff. whatevs
razik fareed : i love the season change and day & night graphics are awesome.....enjoying
a google user : it's a nice game.but only one issue----i lost my progress twice.
bbartokk : more ads than game play.
ishtiak ahmed : can't zoom looks so tiny
scissors : funny old dude chase's u
try me gaming : i loved this game imran ;)
a google user : best. game. ever! well, until alto's odyssey is released...
abani goswami : it has a great adventure,and i just loved it...
brandon barker : finally a good game that's free!!
a google user : played for over a year while i pooped at work. what am i going to poop to now???
about me : good graphics is not good make good
elite024mk gamer : it's amazing!! the fancy graphics, the song...i loved it all
nestor castillo : it's a some need more charters though
andro zone : i am a youtuber i always make videos of this game i like it
a google user : when i play this game i think that i am skating in dreamland
a google user : thanks to make this game amazing!!!!! don't say the game is boring
lock my deals : but from rumors abt this app!!
ymjhay ignacii : this game is so nice
stefan stanisic : by far, the best game that existed on play store !!! =)
a2sh4ra sc2rl3t : pointless to complain now.
ramesh devraj : okok. not that interesting
eronit berisha : this game is awesome!!!
yuvraj : i will try this game for first time.
nagamani gururaj : the soundtrack is just awesome! thanks!
mable fernandez : so gate and really good love it
lin ferron : i'd rather kiss a goat than play this. >:(
kelly mporte : i played dis in super target
aakansha sharma : music , scenery, graphics.. everything is perfect.
naph paulraj : used to have this on the ipad.... simple yet artistically beautiful :)
superxander xs : go to youtube and look up jacky bro and look for my logo
aleem pasha : adventures games iloved it i hqve been playing games from year but
trish pelfrey : this game is very addicting if u are new get this game
black ops 4 gameplay madness : they need to make santa on his sled with his reindeer on it for the kids
firmus fernandez : love this game...good for time killing
adhiraj sonawane : i had bored by playing this game i always try to spend my more time on it but it was too boring buts it some some ok also at first i love it but at latter i thought its a simple game
jamal uddin : no words to describe this game!
sinjini mukherjee : i just love this game . the developers are going to take the gaming industry lot more ahead. love this game
vikrant varkute : why anyone would give less than 5 stars?
a google user : once i tried to get a space cleaner but i needed space
snehil mishra : same as above
tothedark : it's so relaxing.
sant lal marskole : nice game but the controls get stuck
gulshan thakur : i am not getting the last point where i finish it's starting from start point again. help me
gabriel romig : awesome graphics...
phantom phobic : this game is cool...especially in winter
rajendra prasad : fell in love with this game.
a google user : amazing game i play it all the time!!
mr beans : hope u can get it it's so fun....and addictive..
maswasnos : it's a rip off of ski safari, and it's not even as good.
stephen grenier : this game is awesome and i love it!!
bharat kumar : this game sucks. it won't open...
naima atiq : really good and addictive !!!
a google user : its an addictive game....love it....can proudly rate 5 stars....its worth it
a google user : best game relaxing one best of the best
derrick kinney : reminds me of inkstar minecraft.
danreek ellis : i love it!!!! it makes me feel at peace!!
person x : only three alphabets (w.o.w)
aadithyan marar : really good game ..relaxing music and great graphics
ryan r. bibiw : the f!!! this game so addictive....i cant stop playing xd
alexander jackson : it's so random but i love it
just kaddy : i get this from youtube of kaddy tech channel.
a google user : omg! that bgm <3
tetsu aikawa : this game is awesome!music graphic,control and everything.it's beautiful
and chill game. i love this game!!!!!!!!
rushil amin : smooth,classy,coolest game ever played by me......alto's adv. forever......
pikaro : great game! love the artistic graphic!
jayden brathwaite : awesome graphics, cool tricks, this game's is just awesome!!!!!
alex ramos : a saviour, when im stuck in traffic. you won't get bored no matter how long you play.
gaming hunter : im only rating it 4 because its extremelly boring after short bursts of gameplay but overall best textures and graphicd from your company and overall great game
secret girl : this game is so boring always at the same level
pavith ran : if you add music in it, i would rate this app 6*. recommend to play when high. use headphones for quality. peace yo!!!
richard bickell : this is a good game!!!
ankush topkar : shadow effect .....!!! classic.
von neumann : what's up with your new update... my display is all green and stuff .. my device is the galaxy note 10.1 2014 ... even after uninstalling it and installing it back the display is still green... help !!!!
sajan singh : nice graphics, addicted game ever...
austin frost : i love this game, and now you can be a llamma? count me in because llammas
are amazing and also hngggggggggg
en mark olivares : i love this game! thumbs up for the best game!
entertainment perfect : please you can make the characters buying by money not by increasing levels
juraj dekret rio : but i think its oreyt frb
jayden r : when i was ar merto pcs i went on someones phone and played this and now look
saucy magee : its ok just wish they would add more tricks
christopher harding : will not let me jump so i did straight away
austin mulavania : its ok i just wish you could upgrade your board
a google user : i dont donwlaod yet buut its ok this game
daxk daxk : pepr brothers we will rejoice join me on insta swagchees3
a google user : it is a very nice game. i have never played a game like this before.
a google user : it's like god made a game for himself
joxef hrahsel : this game is too rich it makes me poor.
bro fist : its so peacefull and removes all frustation
alejandro ibarra : very cool game. it's pretty simple but very entertaining!!
a google user : i hate this game.
salam anita : it's so relaxing. i can feel a new life!!!
noel b : two words - it's beautiful
farabi tahsin : its so awesome
rhon genesis aguilar : great app... try this to enjoy
fiona canuto : i've played this before in my old phone, i was really amazed by it, so now, i'm gonna download it again.
gething greene : i absolutely love this game! the graphics, the scenery.... everything!!!
black sheep gaming : a well successful games well done
aiden perci : it is a very good and very addictive game
a google user : this game is so relaxing and so simulations
riaz ansari : beautiful awesome
a google user : this game is best and the graphics was best also
a google user : very awesome game i loved the graphics of this game
lauren willoughby : good game quite relaxing to play
shohei ito : fun app but it takes space
greenseptic5 : good graphics and is a good game
gamer unemployed : so enjoy this game pls download this game
hridyansh kamboj : that is nice game like adventure game
lewis pollard : lovely views well done creators
a google user : i love this so much very much
anu : it a great and visual effect of this game is great
shiny samlin : awesome i love as i wish granted it
gaurav tanwar : this is mind blowing game like this game
m e : once i tried it i loved it
ronald issac : this this a most additive game
a google user : this game i really amazing and i really love it
a google user : i feel relaxed when i play
rabiya gulakber : i love this g.a.m.e
ayush kaushik : its a simple game and i loved it
kaneki anime lover yay : the game have different characters in the game
rehan ali : thanks for making this game
deepak kumar : it is a very great game
abel issac : i really love this game this is awesome game
junayed islam miraj niraj : good gam play to easy
a google user : it ok better this game play it this game
agrim jain : a very very nice game
a google user : it is my favorite game and love this game
mujahid asghar : the game is the definition of fun
pixclue studios : good game with nice graphics
jonathan fernandez : relaxing for the most part challenging from time to time
different hacks all about world : this game is very good
jamiah spencer : amazing 10 out 10 would recommend
pardonpadre : i simply love this game
aditya banerjee : great game in less mb
richard ball : i love this game
daya chahar : very exciting and interesting game
dylan morley : fun game with good graphics and visuals
a google user : best graphics in google play
shariq adil khan : easy to play and please play this game
a google user : i love this game great game play
vasu raj : this game is best game of university
abha chatterjee : very very very cool and good game
shashank tulugu : very cool game
sahil khan : very nice graphics and control was very nice
alexxrandra macias : best game ever good game graphics
sebastian garcia : i love this game is awsome
gage hunter : this game is the second best game ever
wyatt thompson : beautiful game but relatively boring to me
vaga fox : one of the funest game i ever played!
a google user : well graphics, music and addictive
a google user : it's an awesome adventure game
kokthai d : it's the favourite game of ksi
ryn : amazing play it you'll love it
xx sharkleroad : loved it played it at wal-mart
ben wanjo : the game is so cool. i love it
kousik poria : very nice and refreshing game.
the person : its a visually appealing game.
michael adom : just great, lve the background
jagadeesh chandra bose : nice game with decent grafics.
a google user : i've heard it was a great game
nouman salik : the best looking game ever!!!
3069_prince : loved the animation , background & the best is the music !
mason jorge : it's just skating on ice and some other chapters
taniya majumdar : its such a lovely game..with great graphics and the landscapes r beautiful..loved it..
shirley martinez : great game to past the time
ceth studios : simply the best mobile game .
a google user : it's really fun and addictive
khalil graham : it's amazing for calming down
gaurav rajput : ultimate graphics.
nitesh rathod : one of the my favourite game.
ethan mock : amazing game, fully immersive
muhammad dahiatur riduan ashfi : nice game.i like it very much
oblivion end : it's super enjoyable and calm
the rare one : love it.its the best game yet
ayush savnani : it's a good game for timepass
sweta kedia : this is a very peaceful game.
gowri sureshkumar : it's stunts extremely awesome
pradipsinh : simple & official game makes intrusting
shrikant vaishnav : its amazing for who loves the iceland
a google user : minimalist and peaceful. calm and relaxing
prasun kumar maiti : brilliant graphics and beautiful gameplay.
the black kazekage : really cool.nice texture and graphics
anushka baliyan : it is a entertaining and interesting game .
a google user : great graphics i like how it's endless
bub xd : nice design and development. gameplay
bonnmark barquilla : addictive,fun,great time killer,and great graphics....
a google user : when is the update it's already july 26 and i am waiting ...
sandip dutta : one of the great games i'm ever played... simply awesome.
shrey tripathi : couldn't resist
bahren hamidon : this is better than before.
satyam chauhan : best relaxing game. love it
kawon black : one of the best game's ever
om shree : a good and classy software.
munkhtsetseg batbaatar : mmmm. thank you for created
kanak : awesome!!! but had problems on ramp jumps.
a google user : waiting for altos adventure 2
shaik thousif : awesome game and best graphics.
mehdi benboussad : the graphism* is great
shaik fardeen : but improve it's characters
a google user : truly an awesome game. loved it
abhijeet pujhari : pleasing to eye , great to play
hacker 666 : it's a very relaxing experience
a google user : it's the best game in the world
atul kumar : it's very fantastic application
kadir junuzovic : awesome i unlocked the elder =d
kyle ingram : i like it it's fun and peaceful
monohar saha : excellent graphics,good control
shobha murthy : it's a awesome game mabey the best in app store or any other store
cynthia nightcore : nice game....super additional and attractive and nice thought of making
this kinda game...
vinay sharma : touch is not working in this game & only in this game
jane james : graphics,scenery everything amazing
mohsen nazari : this game is the best on the world.
d b : great game and i love the graphics.
shardul bhalerao : i'm in love with music of this game
amanda biggers : wonderful graphic design!!!
rafique shaikh : it's a greatest game in the world
ahmad yasin : really it's very interesting game
prabha pandey : editors are true it's really good
wanderer : the game is absolutely beautiful.
muhammad tahseen razzaq : loved it
cambilly cokebottle : beautiful, like the revenant
rival tirani : excellent graphics,easy controls
khoa nguyen : everything is simply noice.
himanshu kaloni : amazing game and soothing music.
isekai troll : simply addictive
robert addis : smooth playing and loads of fun.
eduviges nunez : relaxing and calm love this app.
liz121890 : too hard to land jumps and see rocks...
kenny duran : like the song how it is calming and it's challenging
nathan sikes : relaxing and enjoyable graphics.
blaine m. : beautiful graphics and enjoyable to experience.
amol yamgar : totally entertain....... graphics + controls + themes + moves..... woooooh...... masttttt....
son shintako : this game is so quietly
vaishnavi kature : it's really fun to play. cool game!
ben kicas : this game is addictive and crazy fun!!
schuyler jade faner : i like this game...it is gorgeous & very addictive... and also the music are relaxing & also the background also good...the shadow of animals, characters,trees,houses etc...i really love this game...tnx for making it nice & comfortable
dev chan : package file is invalid:-(
a google user : games nice but no levels just run and jump thats it boring g.........,
janggz : relaxing, gorgeous, fun, its like a snowy version of journey :")
manish babu : one thing bro it's epic
carter : thanks for the game creator(s)
a google user : it is nice game. easy controls. and good graphics..
camden michael colinear : it gargde somejfdj f ugh figured i could get it is the first to know that the company and its been awhile to be able i was just thinking that we have the ability for you guys think i am going
utz : peacefully zen like, namaste
a google user : it's a very interesting game
a google user : great in every possible way.
tiernan o donohoe : can't wait for alto oddessey
shymlalmoitro moitro : that is good game ,i love it
arshmeet kaur : fabulous game i ever played.
a google user : it good that's why i love it
jonathon bavester : it's not a problem to master
skzk ksk : best snowboarding game ever.
tariquzzaman tanvir : nice cool entertaining game.
priyanka jaiswal : it's amazing but it crachred
a google user : nice game ,graphics controls
anbu paths : it's really fun and relaxing
gray floyd : hours of fun. give it a spin
shashank ghosh : it's a good game for android
sam c-w : can't play it always crashes
naveenraj i : it's an super adventure game
straightflex 1234 : they are so amazing.
thegoldenhelmet hd : its super awsome the detail.
abir khan : it is very amazing games nice graphics, nice music...iam very very
nizam mohammed : how can i say?it's amazing......good controls.thanks and congratulations
noodlecake studios...for this cool game.i just really really
really love it......
vishal pathak : never miss this game hats of to the editor choice teams
nagisa vallecera : you guyz should put up a shop of characters
vardhan : you may not be seeing a game like this in a decade
prankerman 5 : its cooler than any game ive played
myrna calderon : 10 out of ten would et agan
reginald eppes : not hard to do and its for most ages
rich dupuis : i like this game because you get to sled
desai dhruv : this game a comfirm of defination of run and play and joy
sachin r l : doesnt working on asus fonepad 7 table
bach ngoc tran thi : maybe you should add skins and a multiplayer mode
eman marcus : its a very gpod app i like it so much
rakesh sha : try this i like this game please play and dow
eeshanya sharma : please add some music to the game as it is in iphone app
david downey : get this game pls you will not dislaks
a google user : i like this game it makes me want to be that person
devastvam tripathi : shows troubleshooting when downloaded in lenovo tab 2a7 10
a google user : everytime it try to leap i fall please fix the bug
zinouwu : hi can u sub to me plz
georgi anastasov : 140 mb downloaded on mobile network because of videos
pawan sahare : needs some improvements like custom background and bgm
latrese craig : this game should have changing clothes and cars
a : the game loses background music during midgame
hilmi : not officially rating
tusharwebster rana : the most adventrous game on android platform ever
alan kuruvila : i like this game so much its super
satvik hegde : this game has high graphics
sandheep shankar : classic game must play worth your 45mb
pajeero pajeero : the first time
kazumura : love the game. it's fun, you should get it!!
dominus : what the hell man this game won to download please fix it
iron fist : it's pretty good
don harden : it's not good... its amazing
dan silver : this game is a super fun game.
a google user : very good game i love it
durgesh verma : nice but the graphics should be improved ! ; (
sanjay varma : i'm crazy about this game
muryum ehmed : lovvvvvvvvve the graphics... its soothing!
rex cavil : best small adventure game.
advith shetty : it's the 2nd best gameplay
a google user : it's fun and easy and cool
a google user : it's a good addictive game
unwind relaxation : it's fun for nature lovers
srinivasan g : it's a superb surfing game
shaik uruj : amazing game, graphics too
a google user : i love it it's a good game
a google user : love this game. since 2015
swosti subhrajyoti sahoo : very nice and lovely game.
t e a h a s b e e n s p i l t : this game is amazing! can you give us a sneak peak about what altos odessy
will look like?
chirag sharma : just beautiful... if you're reading this.. install the game
theskittlezer : when i'm mad i play this and it makes me so....peaceful and calming......it puts me in my...own little....peaceful calming world
yeehaw -minecraft- : it's so good that the no likers are jealous..... come and get me......
josephine makunike : world's best game love the game
santosh bhoir : hi guys .you should download it
suresh senapati : we want the alto's adventures 2
map b : to long to relaunch after fall.
jordan smith : controls didn't work
ezequiel zuniga : game's pretty boring
biju a : i think this a nice game.
waleed waleed : this game it's so amazing
zachary parrett : fun game, nice and smooth
adharsh mani : i love to play this game.
a google user : love graphics, really fun
jasar muhammad : its a mind relaxing game.
mary alavi : it is the best game ever.
gaurav dhiman : lovely game,great artwork
ninsei perat : this game is so relaxing.
antonio hampton : make a alto's adventure 2
ejaz uddin : good to play, nice
zerx : stupid won't download
a google user : it's very bored
kavitha thumallapalli : please fix it
a google user : in this play store l this game
jon sangma : wow!!! its' a game similar to my name, i'm excited.
ayush yadav : awesome game love it,a true game
nair's vlog : world's best music
hvwkiinz. : there are no words to explain this game its beautiful calming great visual
graphics its just everything is perfect 10/10!
marco rendon : how are there so many reviews but only one download lol
hanaiisabnormal : great game and very addicting.
christopher patterson : perfect for chilling after a hard work day. .. pun intended :)
sai rockzz sundeep : like everyone say, music is awesome.!
torii moreno : this game is so awsome !!
guga apkhazava : real time physics' awesome music, awesome game, awesome everything.....!!!! must download.
mir williams : i love this want to play more
jason dmello : just don't stop playing it
gonker : it's so good! i love it!!!
vaiyapuri .k.c. : twinkle twinkle little star...................... how i wonder what you want................ up above the sky so high.................... like a diamond in the sky..........
saran kumar : dear pundes pls ask me after i play the game. thank you
tristian roundstone : it's a good game
marc : ign would love this 10/10
khoa lam : can't play on sky a870
burhan bajrami : i love this game
vivek bhardwaj : this is very nice game
sohaib sinan : amazing game. it's like i'm flying in my dream.
a google user : i like this game very much i see this game in google and i ask to google sho me some best games i see this game there and download when i play this game i enjoy very much lovely game you also download this game i know you also like this game
premal shukla : warning.... u vl not put ur phone down after playing it once.... i want to achieve all goals every time .... good work.
d4a bangz : beautiful soundtrack. beautiful graphics. beautiful game.
a google user : beautiful game sach as the photo up
naveen s : it's a very bore game
sourabh prasad : not so like the name.
captain nemo : not a game of my age.
sharon foote : it's ok but it's a remake of skisafari
braydon pritchard : amazing game good graphics and enerything else
angela d : really good grfics awsome mechenic
shariaz fahim : it's an awesome game.
soundarya sarvade : great game..its cool
santiago duarte : it's a good simple game.
a google user : it's a really cool game.
shreenidhi rk : it's a really good game.
kalki vinnakota : i don't love this game
star bound777 : this game made me fall a sleep
brayden contreras : why can't it just be one time of day, so it can be easy any run.
a google user : its just beautiful peaceful calm and relaxing 2 play >< ~
smarty shubham : this is third classsgame bouring ...
rotaa musicdm : not yet played... bt installinggggg... gotta rate later
sandipan dutta : everything is good.smart graphics and everything.
evander bartolo : i like graphics hope you make a simulation game with this graphics!
cady moriarty : a simply wonderful game.
wojtek pietrusiewicz : i love this game.
a google user : i fully enjoy this game.
a google user : i love it. it is amazing
saikat mahato : it's the best what i say
nala madlala : i think it's a nice game
a google user : the best graphics ever .
angel reyes : it's had a big adventure
aman mohammed : don't worry just play it
rakshit sharma : its not working on my phone my phone is moto g 2 gen
leduj : wow i even play it on school with my friends!
ronin gaijin : simple, addictive, beautiful, soothing, challenging, perfect!
kingsley servian : its too hard and you cant see anything when it tirns night
a google user : it,s a good game
tejon logan : can't even play. crashes on startup.
zeesh 2142 : a neat mind relaxer.loved it.
bat affleck : this game is really amazing..
chukwuemeka : it worked for a bit, but then i couldn't access my progress
liwaza memon : best way to waste your time!!!
bandana bohra : its awonderful game i played ever in ice skate board
nikhil jadiye : hi pak you bro please find attached the following
parth patki : if you want to relax your mood play this game
salma dagri : hii quresh dagri has been a lot of this is not the new
liam lane : the game to play when you want to just chill out
compairedcartoon : i can play this game all day for days on it
a google user : this game is not installed in my redmi note 4
swapnil janghela : yay mil gaya achcha action + graphics wow
toxic pubg : i like this game i am play this games every day
a google user : bro late bhot e download ho te hai
rayed escatron : game is addicting! i love it :)
xxdwightxx supreme : best game ever! not a single problem what-so-ever!
sandy aego : great time pass for arcade fan boys
ramkumar t a : its a fun game to play when you are bored
daiwik mishra : this game is very addictive but tough too... i loved it...
rando235 : meh, another endless running game...on skis. boring.
prince malik : i don't know
devin frame : why so hard.
fazilat shamshad : this is one of my favorite games ....it's relaxing and highly recommend game...
a google user : this game suck don't weast your mb on this game
tran manh khang : can not play on zenphone 5, please fix it
ravi jha : this was one of the best game played....but speed should be more...
ved hanamshet : i must say that i do not write many reviews for apps and games but this is
something else
vignesh somasundaram : great game..superb graphics..i could not restrict myself playing this game..loved it..
hunter bungay : solid. looking forward to the next installment.
khizar mohammed : i love this game... graphics is the best.. music is awesome.. simple and
great game play..
envious- spirit : it is a good game too play .i love the part where the man chases you
nikhil mishra : love these games, except for their ads..
youssef abou hamia : "my first game in a samsung"
mohd kaif : bad copy of sky safari
abbas burney : i loved this game!
a google user : i love this game. it's fun & per chill
madhur gupta : nice time killer and relaxing too
himan barman : it's really amazing and addictive!!!
chiranjjeevi vijayakumar : best graphics..! simple yet visually best game...!
jaye stretton : this is mine so goooooooood!!!!!
dakoya the dead : i don't think i have cancer
trey bucurel : the game was great and the view was great too.:-) :-) :-) :-) :-) b-) b-) b-) :-]
chance moses : it's absolutely amazing. the game style and graphics are incredible!!! best game ever!
starlord : wish it had more things to do with this great graphic. just jumping and...?
ludmila hagenson : it's amazing! great graphics,art,and game itself!
kareen skaf : i loved this game
manibharathi tamil : worst game i saw..... dont play this game.....
asif ali : it's very nice game
gal sinkovec : it's good game ever
a google user : that's my best game
thegamingkid : addictive,great graphics and an excellent game.. i love this game...
anika amin prome : this game is really good.....but not best
gunjan basak : very good game....nice idea.....i liked the of weather change.....very good work done by developer.....
a google user : awesome game. i love it.
servus groovyp : need new graphic of environment.!!!
mukund nayi : the game is very amazing. but it's misic is very superb. bole to zakkasssssss
david p : it's so puddy
chinna kathi : i played this game and delete and download again.
wei hao tai : waited so long for it to come for android.
jillian mcknight : loved the zen mode... awesome game
omoshiroi kitten : good but ... when alto oddessey me
parikshit agarwal : i just got a c9 pro and the game feels freaking awesome..!!! thanks..!!
staz charlie blood : it's beautiful! i love this game!
a google user : graphic of the game is really great..
preetham fernandes : amazing.. background music is awesome
aditya mahabir : the most mesmerizing game ever!!!!
rahul vin : it's similar to ski safari but this one's kinda more fun.....!!!!!
chuckz diogenes : i cant download apps
thala reghan : this game is very very superrrrrrrr
irene hernandez : i ist to have it so i no
power star #rneytm : this game is boka choda game
a google user : make us to drive the skateboard drive by ourselves
jake bell : this game is the god of graphics
syahid ikhwan : thank you what for games i like games
lo' ls : the only one
satish kumar : i love this game.... please download game... it is very interesting.
isohels s : ...this is amazing.the art style,the gameplay,the music...it's all so beautiful.
anuradha aggarwal : really nice. loved it. must download.
petrichor : beautiful game. soothing music.
azad khan : amazing ,awesome, favourite apk
keyblade beatz : it's so sooo cool
eyad moftah : it's a nice game
nisal jayawardhane : good nice game.beautiful graphics.
a google user : it's lit
madhu dhoni : the music and scenery is excellent....
a google user : so much fun and addicting.....i can't stop playing it!!!
sourav mondal : it opened, all black... nothing came...
a google user : it's too much good
abhishek kumar : it's cool
sudipa ghorai : the game was awsm.... the game sound is soo soothing.. just like it
bandit yt : subscribe my channel:blazing skies
haohao 789 : the game still black screen on my asus zenfone c but i like this so please fix it again because the last update did not work a thing
jashad barksdale : this game is really good...... needlecake need a alto's adventure 2
bee akomolafe : the graphics are really good
daiyaan abdool : it's so good
jelena kuznecova : its rlly good <3
kahzu yah : perfectly .. nothing more to say
madan lal : most of the slient nature and adventureos games................
htocracy...... hiliarious
debdeshik panja : beautiful interesting game. loved it.. :-*
nikhil tr : bad gameplay ...lots of glitches
aadil kasim : nice graphics... and a very good game! loved it
vaibhav ligade : i loved it... what a cool game!
shaine incapas : very nice game! :) simply addictive
swastik purohit : very very nice game...good control and graphic...i love this.
hazriq khalid : interesting game,fun,and relax
anshuman anand : brilliantly designed. beautifully immersive.
hamza nasir : this game is amazing.
saugat moogar : if you paly this game you cant stop you to stop play.....i love this game
daryl joseph g : i love this game. it's awesome...! :)
a google user : it's awesome i'm so hyped for odessy,what is the release date?
isaiah emswiler : addicting, fun, and a great time killer. loved it!
heather moore : awesome game sooo addicting
dailyprogress : just a great game. recommend.
evana n garland : awesome game. love the music.
marko stefanovski : i love this game.. all of it...
cia indeed : this is the bomb!
free rider : this game brings me so much peace thank u so much....
zaini alam : graphics, music loved it
yash kumar : really classic, simple, and great
popcorn4me2 : i !ove this game
raji luqya maulah : a mood booster one!
nikhil pandey : just completed it #besttt game ever
a google user : it's a very adventures game to play
jenice brandon : whoo girl this my game#bestgameever
aparna jana : nothing i can tell for this game...
durfay moncada : it's awesome the music , the graphics , i am in love.
tim hessel : won't open on my galaxy s4 thats all
photography machi : it was relaxing... great graphics..especially great music
rinoarashi : amazing graphic, music, and gameplay
yashraj jha : i've played it before and i loved it ... it is very relaxing ...
david thimotius : it's not working in my asus zenfone 5
bigsvp : for me its saying package file failed.. anyone knows abt it?
the monetizer : real monsters
d : loved it best game ever!!!!!! but it uses a lot of battery
s : the game is nice... concept is nice and the musicis just awesome..
vansh dubey : omggg gr8 game ever seen high graphucs download for your fun
a google user : alto is a great man
a google user : looks good but boring.
brielle yumol : it's so beautiful and amazing!
anirban goswami : awesome game, out of this world! :d
tag : amazing gane. definitely for everyone.
layan vimukthi : its awsome....i feel so much freedome.whata great game..nice
king ali : it's awesome it's a adventure game
tayla malcom : this is the best game ever
preston slaughter : pretty cool but why dose that guy on a lamba chase u, so confused?
ankit kumar : i loved it..... its gameplay its graphics and all scenery i like very much...... at night when these coins shines and that weather changing i like very well ....i have given 5 stars......
ira s tumewu : great graphics and sound, love it!
rajnish mishra : cool stuff,loved it from d first instance
aashir malik : wow nice game .. i like this game.... wow
shann varly babor : best game 10/10 #iwillnotdeletethisgame.
dev chawla : such a great game , fun and addictive
michael kepler : best game out there.
a google user : it's a very fun game
popsta pravish : it's have good music
kikoster vffg : it's a good game
lingaraju lingaraju : i think it's not bad
dron guha : relaxing and the music is just awesome..
adam pierce : a great little game.
arup paul : great graphics & 1 of the best action game
shubham jakhar : casual game with a calm background music...loved it.
zero sensei : i think its best adventure game ever...
caleb etter : yay it's finally on android!
umar ali : lovly.. graphics.. so serenity.. in this game... i love it
ajay verma : it's music is so good
sahil pandey : that's a good one man
a google user : hmm i think it's good
harekrushna dash : it's a good game nice
sibi r : it's very good
king sadi : really play full
rk singh : it's a very good game
cord roush : too addicting, so much so that i had to delete it
dylan forster : i can finally relax because i'm playing this game
a google user : it's a fun game to play
nik aminuddin : that the best game.
autumnrose twobears : it's pretty good
assaultops : this game is very nice.
a google user : it's so fun download it
ridwwxx tanccc : very nice graphic view.
soul lucas : it's the best game ever
daim algow : is a amazing game ever
gohar nabeed : its a very lovely game.
a google user : it is a very good game.
a google user : it a cool game to play
caden button : it's a really nice game
james crandell : it's a really cool game
joel jose thadathil : awesome game. i love it
saidi bibich : i think it's patty good
souradeep roy : it's good for time pass
langston tensley : the artstyle is amazing
a google user : i've always loved this game!!!
mahmud reza : great graphics ..wonderful gameplay
joseph tilbrook : i love this game!!!!!!so cool
john curro : i play it when i'm bored
pinky lynn : i love this game but beware ... it's addictive lol
a google user : love the music. but where to download it.
ruby jimmy : wonderful graphics and animation.
a google user : wow.... no words about background music...it's like dream world..
mailbox ' : i couldn't even do a jump fix this please
tiger jaxxon : it is so great for passing !!!
tm w : it's the bestest game ever!!!
francois rossouw : love the lammas!!the game is fun
poorun kavish : this game is amazing must f**king download!!!!!!!!!! why hesitating download!!!!!!!
farhan rafidi : can open it crashhh.
jignesh shekhaliya : very nice app...i like this app..thank you so much
josh franklin : callux played this on his channel so i thought i'll check it out
fagupe 2.0 : great game, relaxing, good, i love it
mahesh gupta : only one word for this game is bravo's
123 harris : nothing that innovates
gautham kakkente : finally! noodlecake kudos for the port
logan swiecki-taylor : yesss thank you! xo
jack chanda : we....like it cause it's run very clear graphics....
a google user : can't get this app for free on apple
supermonkeyboy715 : pretty good... i love the background music too.
bim4 : verrryyy relaxing!! endless world! i love this game so much!!
leizi garcia : i cannot download, it always loads.... please fix
saif khan : nice ..... but not perfect.. it's okkk
sean store : only one word to describe this......aaawwweeesssooommmeee!!!
erica sikes : i can't get pass level one with the warning sign
a google user : best game ever!! it's so beautiful
iqbal hakim : good graphics and gameplay....love it
abhinav parekh : awesome game... play till the end
siddhesh vetale : all time favorite game.. excellent graphics and nice music.. addictive..
mizanur rahman : i like the music. add more music please
daniella m. : very relaxing and amazing graphics!!
r pradeep : seems awesome..yet to play!!
amit kumar : fun game . love this game
a google user : it's mind-blowing game
suman sarkar : it is a awsm game...thanx to the devolopers
a google user : this game is sooooo pretty!!! i love it so much!
celine mae granado : one of the best games ever!
yash naik : very good game lovely!!!!
yashvardhan kabra : music of the game is soo soothing!
michael rinken : love this game!
katyayani bopardikar : i loved it .. its jst tooo awesome ... !! :)
barrington paris : i love the game it is amazing!
dela rueda, john paul a. : this game is very addicting!!
thakur vinay : awsm advntur...game ever....really js no words
chitra k : this is very super everybody should try this game
shiva sai varma : good game in the leisure hours to play.... enjoyed it loved it....@#!
steve williams : no bad... need more levels
a google user : world's best game ever
jyotiprakash mahto : best game ever played.
a google user : it's mind blowing game
goutam das : kk it's really awesome
a google user : very good and fun
priye javan : it's a 9ice game
levi walker : it's a good game
ade halpin : a cool seasonal treat.
a google user : that's a very good app
sahil nimsarkar : perfect time-pass game
army101 stars : it's run
eugene yusenkov : i think it's cool game
mickster alvidrez : this game is so cool
a google user : if you don't download alto then you're crazy :-)
the tech librarian : amoled screen makes this amazing!
realsos siq : the background.........oh my....too b.u.t. full
ohmydarlingclementine : i think that this game is very ascetic.
vanessa roof : it's so gud bruv
ayan lexicon : it's ok tho then
hari r : i'm mentally affected because of this game
abdullah ak : whats the name of this kind of art please? i rly love it!
sn : very very addicting, i love the game ^^
andrew : relaxing, easy to use, and fun to play.
precious lynn abawag : it's cool
ban boric : most beautiful android game!
a google user : it is really addictive and fun!
mani movaghati : natural with this game. going to my home
sohanur rahman khan : love this game,,,its awesome!!
tammy hall : the one i was a little bit.
gom. gaming : love this modern game like this ...!!!
sonya tarr : this is the best game ever...(a must play)
melano, joshua philip n : i loved this game..... pendeho kamo todo!!!
a google user : i love this! this is my life!
akshay khamkar : it's ok...not addictive
avanish rai : very beautifull game!
mr moo : i'm feeling the speed!
terrarian : it's a brilliant game!
white fang : wow nice the game graphic is so good.the game have a master piece.
naomi beaudion : thank you at&t for adding this to android
pican rachmat : good graphic & music
jabi ahmed : it's addictive ,interesting, time killer & it's music is just awesome....
benyamin shahvar : it,s not coul game guys really
pratham g : one of my favourite game ...!!
farhan ahmed : i would give u full but ...... not to good
shahbaz saqib : its a good game but altos odyssey is much better and addictive..........
abrar ayoub : worst graphics
amir reza darabi : has a very nice background,has a great music,.....,i advise it
firouzeh ebrahimi : this game is amazing it makes me calm... love it
a google user : its an amazing game! love it!
nivranshu bir shahi : i absolutely love this game!!
lope vismara : awesome game, just that.
a google user : it's better than others.
a google user : this is the best app ever!
paorupiro : cant speak... too beautiful!!
joy teo : very zen. very atmospheric.
jessica zhang : very fun. recommend it!
a google user : i have only one word for this game .."fantastic"...loved it...the graphics are good ...the gameplay is awsome .....i will advice everyone to download it....
edward wang : now fixed on zenfone zoom. awesome!!!
asr7 : love <3 playing it
miki : played it , loved it.
watson dominic : the best stunning games..
samson : most relaxing game ever..
sankalp gade : good graphics
epsilon air : the music is amazing it's challenging best endless runner ever!!!!!
manohar kumar : oh yeah ...i have completed the game.......hahahaha
uncle rico : would be 5 stars if it was not for those fricking elders!
arcadia amin : love the graphics! such pretty drawing
a google user : i just love this game and zen mode is like a....... very nice
riki he is a lovely song i love this song : his wonder full. destinations fulli enjoy full game.....
maurice sloan : you should make a alto 2!!!!!
a google user : great. needs more content.
andy fitz : fun,addicting, awesome game
naji love : amazing graphics. recommend to anyone who loves action games!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pavin mishra : very much fun and charming game!! loved it..
michelle : very difficult... ;( idk if just me
callie harrison : it was a awesome game!
ren wortman : absolutly great game!
deflutron : really great graphics!
king pancake/the breakfast monarch : best game on google play!
butta pecan : me and my daughter's love this game but the graphics are kindof weird
fishboi : most relaxing game you'll ever play!!
akshay 2021 : wish i could also make a gud game....like this...
siddhant kumar behera : great graphics...... good concept...kick ass game
f a ansari : awesome game, graphic are great, loved the wingsuit!!!!
agentcitrus : really liked the game!
a google user : awesome! amazing! i love it
begari bhoomaiah : great graphics and addictive i will recommend to my friends
arjun saradava : that is a best game for relaxation...
archie watts : it is so good!!!!
j c : hey, that's pretty good
angelo23 : its a very good game :)
a google user : relaxing and cool!
emeline reese : it's so much fun!!!
_r4y_ : this game has really great graphics!!!! well done!
manav sahay : it's very relaxing and the zen mode is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!:-) :-) :-) :-)........
bryan taylor : love the graphics! :d
komal more : it's very nice game and very good graphics,control.
biswajit deb barman : where from the view taken? please tell me if there is any view like this stay on earth .....
chantre toi : the game is damn awesome man......everyone must have this
a google user : i love this game so much its so perfect!
dominic hunn : i love this game. 2
aysten fowler : it's so cool.
jeremiah villegas : this is my favorite game every!!!!-
league dude : great game....played it two times and enjoyed so much...
disha walke : play despacito while playing this game.......you'll feel eternal
lukas woehr : it's relaxing and fun. not bad overal.
muntasir tanim : i am the one yeah oe o o oe o i am the only one!
arti choudhry : lovely game most entertaining game ever....
katherine figueroa : i love this game! download!!
deepak pandey : it's a fantastic game.
a google user : great, simple and fun.
shivansh kaushal : very intresting... love this game
rama sahal : this game is awesome
revenge gamr : smooth graphics and much more. must download!!!!
aqib shaikh : superb stuff with the play, thanks.. # @ good game
deity vester : christian adame.
z a i n : this is , no other words to describe
vibes all day : addictive...awesome music...cool
arthur petit : i love this game it's awesome
sostik basnet : i just hate this game...
jorge merced : wow, just wow. this game is amazing.
abdelrahman mohamed : this game is very good
gaytri devi : this is a very fantastic game this is a very good game
pallavi jain : beautiful graphics! excellent gameplay
chittunalini lam : a true work of art! recommended to my friends
milan chavhan : awesome game, great graphics dam worth it.
aidan doherty : how the heck did this use so much of my data
akram izimi : great !!!! great game simple and funny
rockstargame fan fan : good. offline. and not laggy.
kholil fitrianto : is this game uses internet to play it.... please replay... somebody
alba chacin soto : incredible and relaxing. love it!
lakshay kandola : good. but. paid in iphone
cole short : great game!!
a google user : very easy and fun to play!!
munstercube : amazing, it's a miracle!!!
sedwick dillon : i liked this game a lot!!
brandy woods : i love this game!
roopa r : awsome snow board game !
scott carter : as well as fun!
mashahed al meem : just awesome game i like it so much...
m rm : love this game !!! ;-)
shamsudeen pk : luv this game...everyone needs to play this...u will luv it...promise....
leah g : this is the most beautiful game... & the music is calming
maryjoy delacruz : so fun and relaxing,good game...love it!!!
shehab rahman : wow...its really very good game.but too sort
a google user : the best game i have ever played...
andrew kushibiki : great fun! don't loose your head!!
zefa : have been waiting for this!
leo rufi : during the installation, it state that package file is invalid. why is it?
jesus esteban cupajita ospina : interesting and addictive game! congratulations!!!
a google user : it's way i mean it's fun
annoying errors : great pass time.
shivam barwal : this is a ideot game dont download editor choosen this game for money by
owner download sky safari 2 or 1 the best game try
ittttt.................abm....bam.....bama.....
abhishek rai : luv to play this game ...
rutvij h. r. naik : i'll never trust "editor's choice" again
kartikeya agarwal : copy of ski safari.... even its better than this
zar mane : great graphic and nice music....i love this game
dylan castro : addictive...5 star for that game
sahil raj : the song..in the game is just awesome!!
niall harvey : sick as f@#k!
no one : great graphics. what programing language did you use to make this game?
jojo-junior kzo : its super good and super relaxing....
john g : epic!! the best games
ahesh rao : simply awesome. which is not a word. he. kudos to ingenuity to game............
craig mcmath : it was awesome!!... short but really really good!!
just a random person : it's awesome great game!!! :-)
mohamed alaa : boring
larry lund : love this game...
prakash kumar tamang : this game is .....
the gaming channel paul : its a very cool game
ravi yadav : fun graphics.
haylie : one of my favourite games!
ankita pandey : this is a very good game
abhilash varghese : just love the game....!!!
mikhail green : simple , fun and it has llamas , what else do you want?
a google user : addictive game!!!... totally awesome..
nyk verse : wow this game is... awsome
lukky : it's good . loving it
richard glaves : this game is so addictive and simple game play .....love it
somebody_called_jackson : the best game ever!!
khor ethan : the best game ever!!
shab k : superb! especially the zen mode!
mirza rnt : but hard to play still fine music and art ways are awesome
ahmad idris : make this games not to bored...
a google user : it was so fun and cool!
nymur rahman : average but new concept that's made me a player of this game
janarius johns : this is awesome download now
gediminas strumila : so much bugs... deleted after 10min of playing..
aidan wirruna : nice game.could you add more power ups to do game?it will be better.thank you
prathamesh shrikhande : good efforts.....very good music
a google user : i love this game!!!!!!!!
rishabh kashyap : it's so nice music
inzamam ali : good way to pass the time...
mer[] : played it. loved it. came back to it.
a google user : amazing game...thanks all the people who designed it...4 me....thanks
jared enriquez : cool game ... nice controls cool graphics ...
a google user : is fun, easy, and hard
jupinder singh : great relaxing game...loved it
bhautik patel : it's really amazing.
a google user : superb game...amazing graphics
amandeep singh : it's kinda peaceful.
rahul diwakar : i actually get inside the game whenever i play it!!!
cameron schwartz : it's ok. not great though.
kamal rajput : i love its changing weather ...
trae rankin : oh my god it's so good i played it at the phone store and now i got it and i love it even more
tristan trice : great controls! great graphics! great game!
mohit gokhale : niceee graphics..........needs focus and reflexes.........a must download:-)
anagh ceon : and finally its here. will change the rating accordingly
a m : beautiful music.. beautiful visuals.. beautiful game play.. i'm in love with it
a google user : simple & innovative, that's it!
gwdm gaming : nice game noodles!
joseph place : keep up the good work!!
sayan chatterjee : this game is the definition of fun....i love it. nice game
zozo zozo : great graphic - best controll - amaizing game
juan jaimes : great pass time game!
rerororo : make a ad free version without pay and i give a lot of this up :) :) :):)
maxi singh : really fuun!
moon moon : android ftw, you have to pay for this in the app store lol
nathanael hopkins : didn't even download the game the video done it no justice
jeremiah douglas : best game...... in the whole wide world!
mr.sneaky poopster : play and find out
fruut : i like this game.. it is really good.. thx..
april benjamin : great graphics and never ending fun!!......
a google user : it's nice!brain exercise full.
kathan pankaj buch : its a very addictive game. ..
kajal solanke : lovely game...try it
abhilash george : too good game to be played...
theusual guy : best looking game...go for it
bo : fun, relaxing, nice music, gorgeous graphics.
subhajit mazumdar : for timepass.....this is really very cool
arvind naidu : #simple #awesome #nice #great graphics #smooth
sagar das : what the....hell long time....just really...
srinadh nadh : i love this game...it's really wonderful
the depressed sigma : what the ..... is this ios games. i very surprise that we can play it in android mobile now
beauty pasari : i hate this game
a google user : no words to say awsome
dat deadinside chicken : its so hard for that jump
parmar tushar : not understand what is game actually
taran tiwana : only waste your time
aman pathan : nothing is usefull in this app
spriha singh : it is very bad game
laske boi : the game is just trash
hacked girl 23 : this game is the bomb
hulk master : got it cause i was bored
orlando montes : so boring never play it
abdul fattah fouzan : cant stop playing this game
ibrahim messi : it has bad draphics
justin brunt : its boring
anthony mcgilvray : i hate th is game
raghavendra shebinakatti : there is no brightness in game
ibby elmasri : hectic but put upgrades
rajni sonawane : this is the very stupid gamep
naijel ekka : game crashes after updating
sehaj pasricha : its only time wasting
pravin parikh : not much good as i wish
tarek hassan kislu : not good with asus
meet parmar : very very bad game
a google user : just delete this shity game
rashid shaikh : this game is very bad
arya deshmukh : very very bad game
cj mckenna : this game is trash
kamron : its a great stress reliever
isaak hinson : you poke llamas in the butt
prashant pandey : itsbone of the games i have fallen for
gogo hagbard : after a while it gets boring
tilak thapa : bored all the time
edgar galindo : too lazy to write anything
nathan pierce : worst game on play store
matt malott : this game blows
sneha k : gets boring after a while
a google user : this game is so stupid
ketan shah : wondering graphics in iphone 6splus
siddharth goswami : best and very best, good and very good
srijan singh : the fantastic game ever played...
a google user : it is so good!!!!!i love it 5 star
ashiquzzaman rupak : didn't play it but i quess it will be seei....
jacob andrade : love this game i can play it for hours
aravind g.s : not bad at all.nice and smooth gameplay
charlene taitt : it's the best game ever!!
a google user : i love this game so much it's the best
vikrant singh : the graphics and the music is so damn awesome
ahemad raza shaikh : its awesome and entertaining gamr....just love it
katreena bustamante-castillo : a very good game :)
adriaan adams : this game is life
a google user : i love this game
things : one of the best game ever!
eclipze : i love this game it is so pretty!!!!
gamer lsk : simple and nice.... best game to relax your mind.
a google user : it's very addicting and it's very fun
my dream dairies -aamil : mind blowing game everyone should try...!
john carlo capellan : nicer than nice haha
akansh rawat : nice game..........................but....... it......... can...... be.........more........... better......
a google user : one of the best relaxing game!!!
samantha balser : this is game is amazing!!!
rebecca anderson : its very fun and adicting i love it
jacob burnett : i didn't get to play it bc i could not download it
soni ramadhan : its so nice!
sangharsha khanal : owesom game .... gonna fun with this game
trey sederstrom : a great game!
vivi agastya : awesome game ....i really luv it
saif ahmed : it is a great time killer
abg iskandar : sorry,but i can't play
dan gel : wow!!lol...for real,just wow
momir kremenac : awesome game..continue with good work guys !!!
soumil choudhary : try this game. this game is fantastic.
a google user : is cool game anb i love it...
a google user : i haven't played it yet
v8-b6 : tutorial does not tell what to do in some parts. shall we try that again? no!
alvin adan : this games is so relaxing...
abdullah naeem : such a great game with a lovely music and it's so relaxing......
divyam tiwari : awesome gameplay...nice working..
tharun tharun : great graphics with good music.loved it!!!
natalia md : so relaxing the snow sounds that the character makes are super relaxing and back flips are really easy
rimiki shaphrang shadap : the best app ever
ishaq gonzalez : yet to try it but according to all the comments, says it all
zeenat zubair : i just want to write one word "awesome"
a google user : once you start you can never stop
a google user : addicted to this game..grt game..
usbadade badade : the background is so good and the music.the game is just wow!!!!!!
abhishek gaurav : addictive.. full time pass game. love it.
dhanashri ambure : nice game.... fast addictive and cool....love it...
jackie george : i... love... this game...
big b0ss : really nice game, cool gameplay, graphics, etc.
sanpablo71 : is there going to be any updates
master lace : i'm an anarchist
lms : the music makes u feel relaxed... good game
stinkerpaws : crashed often.
animax fan club and anime world : it's awesome game.
ajay shrestha : it's ...too good to play
yakov kudryavtsev : amazing! absolutely perfect!
naim wright : #snowboarding is fun #dangerous # cool
a google user : yowwwwww!!!! this is the best game i've ever played
sanket ghosh : its ammaizing .just try to make it more realestic
agbelieve : this game is so fun!!!!
saptarshi ghosh : its good but very costly...
aniket dey : this game is so awesome and this music is too awesome...i love it...
shawn reagan : it's awesome guy,s
oggy woggy : beautiful game! loved it!
santosh kondalkar : because, it was a very very much adventures game
tonya orta : it said short guys all of ya'll wrote a parrigraph
sheldon : add new mission and characters please
ryan rij : after the update i lost all my progress and had to start from the beginning again. uninstalled.
law rence : great game. who could ask for more!!!
gloria pizzini : altos adventure is like the definition of fun!!!!!
felipe : very unappealing... it's boring.
joey garcia : this game hose hardbut it's really fun
goshko36 : this game is awesome!!
kylehere : good graphics though!!
nella mendoza : damn man can you make it free on ios? it sux on android btw
a google user : it's good to plzy
gourab dasgupta : can't pass the black screen after the splash screen.....
sharad chaudhary : awsome game.. ultimate graphics.. just loved it.. !!
siddharth panda : awesome game...graphics are out of mobile world..loved it..
george k. : keep up the good work!!you deserve more;)
nav a : nice to play out...
ajit chaudhari : worst game.
fourat kouaies : one of my best games ever...
kim lopez : great game
abdelrahman _ : quiet game!!! i cant say something else
ilovepoliticaldebates : awesome! super addicting!
piper wix : it's awesome asf bruhhhhhhhh !!!!
a google user : the best game ever!
a google user : the best game ever!
altaf shamsudeen : the best game ever!
jitendra singh : really loved it!! thanks
jammie smitherman : awesome game! recomend it for anyone!
ioannis tsiakkas : a copy of ski safari, with the anesthetic copied from the journey
freddy venus : nice pleasing music....endless fun.....recommended for journeys
dalia tadros : so fun to play and collect new characters!!!!!
justin tan : amazing. download. can't believe it's free!!
izzy : one of my favors the games!!!!! love it!
aashish ghimire : nice game with adventure....loved it
hawk davison : it's a great game.
kmb bania : this game is a cheat to but it fun like when you are about to jump you die?
sharique anjum : hey.. noodle cake studio plz plz... release its 2nd version .. i'm eagerly waiting of that.
natalie alexander : this game is so amazingly awesome!!
abi : mind=blown
rajat deshpande : nice game...great graphics
gary robertson : it's so relaxing.
a google user : i can't install it!
a google user : so sick keep the work
rajat nagvekar : i just love this game ...
sudesh tawde : good graphics...
ya cine : awesome .beautiful game..
a google user : just graphics in 46 mb ,,,, amazing
bailey davenport : i love the creativity and adventure! !
allestair kenneth mainit : this will be fun!
a google user : this game is so lit!
aathish p jagadeesh : relaxing! amazing! i really love it
genewal gowou : watched the video and now downloading this. i am inlove with the artstyle <3
judetubeyt : beautifully game i really enjoyed !!!!!#the best ly lots
track shay : beautiful game with beautiful background :-)
rishi kiran : cool game with pleasant graphics!!!!
shafin : nice and peaceful game it is...really....uh....finally....in peace...
owais : its cool
baria sid : nice game well the game music it lovely an sweet well supp.....
lord of derps : it is so fun active and super fun
ej boy pestano : i just love this game...
vaibhav gramni : keep up the good work...
n s : my all time favourite...
willow ravenscroft : i love this game sooooooomuch it is soooooooooooo fun!!!!!!!
free4 gaming : great time killer & addictive game; great gameplay......
a google user : i loooove this game !!!
newportreds : ... so addicting! beautiful game... recommended!!!!
a google user : nice game but, not the best....
caiden patrick : liked it great graphics
josh : download this game, this is the best ever!!!
minty _blue_bunny_ : its cute and soothing. i lve it!
muhammad fikri dharmasutanto : its so addictive in a good way...
alexis esporas : relaxing game:)
jasmin ahmed : it,s amazing game it,s fantastic game it,s super game wow really wow!!!!!!
elricha naude : fun and the best game!.
tornyeli adamah : i love this game !!! its so fun. five stars
lullabay rose : good game.. better than other game..
narinder singh : very good game. love it
zainab 93 : keep up the good work ^-^
lara tirchett : an amazing game, love it :)
cookie pug : wow this game is just wonderful ....
ekta shah : great game man!!
a google user : this game is sick!!!!
shuvam basu : awesome experience.! :)
neeraj neeraj : please make a separate option to skip missions in the game.
a google user : very gorgeous and immersive.
lalremruata khiangte : i have no words.......its amazing
just chill : super game i have ever played super graphics
kaustubh kashyap : while the downloading during the end it said package is invalied
drift king : osm game... chanceless... mind blowing game...
the muffin man 69 : really?it takes you 8 seconds to do a backflip
kendra tsosie : its very cool!!
hamza : wow. what a game... awesome game
a google user : nice game.so relaxing
a google user : sexy!
lissy babu : i really love it ,,,,,good graphics
clash of electro !!!!!! : the beast game...................................................................................................and good background.....................also music is lit................................best game.
suryakanta jati : small things but impressive....
salmankhan official : one of my favorite game....
ensydia : make a physical and downloadable version for the switch with story and co-op and online vs mode for the nintendo switch for 19.99
adeel tariq : please add support for controllers or stb remote dpads.
santanu das : amazing guys trust me
cameron durando : haven't tried it yet it's loading but judging by the other reviews it looks good
prachi srivastava : classic music....classy game
mustafa tqu : thanks .
pratheesh sekar : great graphics and pleasant gameplay....
adib ahmed : loved it...waiting for another version..
daniel motes : the controls are the same in other games!
ziaul shaikh : awsome gfx love.d it....
pallab mahata : gorgeous... amazing game. . probably game of year
durgesh tiwari : outstanding, excellent, wonderful, amazing
guilherme lima : wonderful colors and graphics!!!
preston w : such a awesome game!!!
nikhil kadam : it's awesome...graphic s are two good
nasif mohammad siam : cool game....nice graphics
debatra sen : best graphics....
brandon prieto : f%$# yeah
nathaniel c : amazing... that's all of needs
chyavan n : wow stupid game ever
jerson paul malupa : its ugly game
chetan sondhi : there is a problem in packeg file
sai laxman : uwas wondered to see this music and graphics:-) :-)
a google user : very good, very good, everything is good
nicolas reyes : really great!
ignatia lt1 : it's lovely game!!
a google user : it's a nice game!!
dipesh bhai : only one word "fab" thats it!!!!
isaac zamora isaac zamora : this is a very fun game for when your board.
insightpuppy : nice graphic..any game that the graphic is good is in my list..
a google user : it is the best regards and control's
a google user : can't installed wasted...
rock3rzz : no way it deserves 5stars!!!!!!!!!
karl heinz huss : i love this game because i love ski
david rodriguez : best alternative game of the year
jpohto : this game is good for people that are bord good game
jayant jayant : this game is good to play in winters good game
a google user : very good game this was amazing game and good graphic
gabriela pop : i love this game
sukhvir singh : the best graphics game the best game ever
anushkrit verma : good game nice graphics
kishorre charan : the unique game ever..... feel like in the dreamworld
dido cool box : loved it to bits!
shivam kumar bhagat : it can go better on playing .....
a google user : slow downdoading
abdul kayoum : this game is just amazing... i'm love in with it
joy watson : beutiful game!
mark saunders : feel the flow!
rickman humanity : very relaxing!
amira alfitri : so comforting!
erblina demiraj : this is such a great app lovely game
amir zakwan : the bestrelaxing game ever!!! 5 star!!!
irshad petiwale : its awesome game... loved it..
rahul : nice game but some problems are there.....
kyla b : awesome game with beautiful graphics
a google user : awesome game played ever.....
nilesh karfa : truely adventurous.. :-)
arsh pratap : what a game.... so nice
a google user : good graphics
a google user : it is very nice game....
yamuna jayasiri : great game !
pocketfullofrats : lovely game!
rd danila : great games!
asperatus : really cool!
alexander notgonnasay : awsome game!
onyzon ag : love to be jump....and touch the star..
a google user : the game is cool
rose thorn : this game... feels peaceful
the triple bypass burger : really fun!
gaming with erlou fall : great game!
kobe ben-david : great game!
faizan zafar : great game!
pouya pourparhizkar : great game!
akash ghanate : great game!
theo terror : great game!
mr rogers : great game!
karsim marcello : crash :(
monwey : fun and slightly addictive.
mamun abdullah : nyc game,,,very easy to play,,,must play it
swathy gopal : wow it's very amazing and addictive loved a lot....
ahmad saif : nice amazing game ...welldone
nishcop mahamud : it's a better games..
samuel smallwood : lots of great games and what's this?!
salain acers : very bad game
narwal arbelaez : i love this game
siddharth balagopal : overall a good game
a google user : sooo cool loved it
subhransu ranjan mishra : lovly..music..and nice design
jee bagas : great app..
a google user : i freaking love the music and please... pretty pleaseee... add more music please?
a google user : i am an indian ..... this game is blast i love it
dan chesterman : it's awesome. you must buy it.
harish gupta : it's very hard but it's fun too
a google user : super game play super graphic.............
dredo : just what i'm looking for!
summer hutchison : awesome relaxing game!
isaiah dean : sucks a$$
animal lover : fun and exciting.
mohan pandey : cool graphics .... enjoyed a lot...
yash choudhary : so addective game i love it..... beautiful
hijabi squad : oh wow this is the best adventures game i have ever played. awesome!...
yothats key : i love this game to bits!!!!
priyam kalita : good graficks of the game",,'plse download
pabitra mondal : awesome lovely song .... everything is fantastically..
bhanu dasari : sweet and simple concept
neeraj birma kumar : simply best. completed it..
a google user : amazing game....but i never play this game
iraj wijewardana : this is the best mobile game..its simple..
fernanda bahena : i love this game it is the best!!
taurus play : very beautiful. i love this game!
dream catcher : really nice game
a google user : the is good very
gabe morehouse : very good overall.
sosa chief keef : i love this game
unknown : it's very relaxing
huerosp07 : it's awsome
riri : it is really good
narasimha murthy : i liked this game.
gaming maniacs : it's the best game
a google user : i love this game
huge gander : i wish it could be endless!!!!
savage crw : it's a really fun game
ariel leblanc : it's awesome!
adin flandorph : awesome graphics love it!!!!!
ollie1932 : great, calming game
a google user : it's asskicking fun
a google user : this game is great.
jose da silva : very well executed.
a google user : this game is great.
pilla dheeraj : very relaxing game.
a google user : it's really amazing
juned ali : music so beautiful.
anjali sharma : such&fedex fm haven
agung pre : very cool game!
rome : its a great game!
old acc : its pretty nifty!
kevin varghese som : awesome as hell
sikha bit : cool game, my brother likes it
sudarshan srinivasan : the gae us quick graphics are awesom.tootally 19 $$$$$$
jeremie renel : awesome game...love it!!
a google user : awesome game....nyc graphics...
vlera berisha : cool game!
zioti x : cool game!
ajaira vids : everything is nice about this
vishnu nair : a great game....... must play
a google user : nice game....... and good music
a google user : wao ...it's nice game
a google user : good game for android loved it
a google user : the grfx are ultimate!!!
butter cup : it is such a cool game it is amazing
sayyed danish ali : good graphics quality. ...perfect moving. ..
veronique williams : love being an alpaca!!!
mark santos : this game is amazing!!!
j nightwing l batman : it is so cool,so amazing,and so fun the best game ever made
jake : i haven't even played the game yet and i love it
rahul m : it's a good game.. and i'm enjoying
vishnu p s : so relaxing...the graphics of day and night are beautiful....
gloating sword : it's amazing,addictive and more
a google user : i just love it....nd boy the music
manga mani salipalli : the zen mode is incredible.....love the music.
a google user : i just love this game so beautiful and peaceful...love it...
dylan day : i love this game so much
ethan hill : it is a great game!
zander ya : it was a cute app !
archcyber chavero : its very beautiful!
a google user : the best game ever!
dennis santos : great game!
prabir ghosh : great game just awesome on behalf of me......
ron kreger : think it's really fun! !!
rico prabowo : plain, simple, cool, and relaxing. 5 stars :)
jose prakash : i just saw a video in the youtube...... great job
athanasios karmas : the soundtrack is amazing!
meghna dinesh : graphics is really awsm!!!!! ....loved it!
akhilesh ap : nice game but too tough...
sumant panchal : beautiful graphics !!
andrea bandong : graphic are amazing!!
dian muhammad : why so much lag?
a google user : really fun and entertaining!
bindu cv : can't wait the legendary alto's odyssey....
a google user : this is the best
abhishek badhan : just a one word....... awesome.....
jude madakor : love the snowy adventure!
d.c. : this game was incredible!
peter ho : it's great!
a google user : its great!
amal geevarghese : awesome game... just loved it...
dhanraj chakraborty : don't know
varad kumar : music is cool, backgrounds are awesome and the gameplay is fantastic.......
justin f. : it's finally here!
ethan anderson : i can't get to zen mode with an amazon fire stick, what button do i press?
a google user : cool game loved night mode
arsalan tariq : enjoying the theme!
lokesh kumar onteru : awesome graphics ................. i loved it...
a google user : good game and the best part is rock................................
collin frame : the best game ever!!!!!!
a google user : awesome possum honey blossom
irfan nouval : this game is cool. .....
sayantani mukherjee : i just love the game....
dylan barnhouse : ...if i could play it
samuel luis del espiritu santo : it's just relaxing.. i love it
a google user : wonderful game. peacefull melody tune...
shahanaj parveen : i think it's very nice to play..
lvi here : i think the graphics are *amazing*
eldiaz diaz : it's a great game
mayank raj : it's a great game
highflyfranck : just really good
jordan thompson : "twas a good game
a google user : i think it's cool
thomas everard : really good game.
nathan yeboah : it's just awesome
gowtham kumar : it's a great game
guntur ravi : interesting strategy..for the play
shy_eru : a very good game.
boss gamer gt5 petrak : it's a great game
converge ict solutions inc. : relaxing music <3
amante aldwin : it's so beautiful
a google user : i really love it
nano 4 : i love this game
sr s : it's mind blowing
bailey kellerhals : it's so addictive
kentori poole : i love this game.
rose hamilton : it's just awesome
epicboyz : it's great
ashley clossin : it's a great game
zuqi : relaxing music :3
marcus maxwell : best game ever played!!!!!!!#alto'sadventureisthebest
jeff wells : it's great!
pallab roy patgiri : liked it very muchhhhhh
omar melendez : awsome! just awsome!
hogan sheehan : amazing. nice and relaxing
a google user : it's amazing and addicting
gopi krishnan : relaxed gaming experience.
jay jose : i'm in love with this game
ved prakash pandey : i loved the it is amazing.
mrudul patil : it's awesome and addictive
darius johnson : the background is amazing.
a google user : great i like its graphics you also download it.........
harish gnanasekaran : breathtaking. magnificent. serene. soulful. healing.
a google user : nice game,nice graphics...loved it..
james kawha : it's not bad :-)
truffle : could do better...
manny adorno : good game...fun, symple, but very enjoyable
nicole forey : it's a fantastic game!!!
first subscriber : music is very beautiful.... awesome....
sangita takzare : it's very cool. i. like. it
adrian natzu : it's a good game
aaron robertson : it's a good game
a google user : it's really kewl
belal adel : it's a nice game
kyle loe : it's a good game
ryan reniva : nice games
pj.the.1 : it's pretty good
diany morales : it's a good game
alex lam : it's a good game
world creations : it is do simple.
a google user : it's a good game
shishir khanal : so much.
cooper trumbley : its really nice.
sarbani parashar : it's a good game
cameron destro : it's really good
sam boby : it's really good
karla castro : it's cool
daniel abasiri : it's really nice
a google user : it's really good
a google user : it's a good game
a google user : it's a good game
anish paul : it's a good game
tom snyder : it's fun to play
a google user : it's a good game
a google user : it's really cool
ramsey ismail : gameplay so.epic.love different.terrains
thaqib fiyyad : beautiful. simply beautiful
phill johnston : game on.
fadhilah hamid : it's smoothing and tranquil
sachin prabhakar : interesting
holden peck : great graphics and concept.
somraj singh : game with a great graphics.
catiscool10 : this game is my life!!!!!
priya masih : very bad game
a google user : useless game ever
cpt wils : hated too much
leo lucent : crashed on splash screen
anu kumar : charging waste game
g t : boring
zidane akray : control is bad and graphic
a google user : it is very annoying
shaimir hineswilliams : really tough game
krishna goyal : thid is a faulty game
vishal raj : i loved this game
sam : suck me dry
rajvardhan kumar : i loved this game
anand arav : super hit game
dog paul : i hate the app
a google user : the song is dumb
analyn romero : its so boring
yaseen shaikh : waste of time
lovish kakkar : the game is boring
harsh thakur : its very bad
raju b0rude : that game is very difficult
ranjita mete : very very bad
a google user : what the rubbish game
om rai : model in this came out
eshan palliyal : i loved this game
rohit jaiswal : extremely boring game
veronica batres : that was horrible
thomas roberts : too hard and boring
magic : not what it seems
derreck sequeira : as hell
a google user : not good at all
a google user : very bad game
a google user : it very bad
a google user : it is very bad
a google user : helped me alot
yaswanth srinivas : it is is a worst game
kunal saha : hated it
toni fuoss : this is beast mode
a google user : very bad game
karthi kjo : the worst game
plopperbumnut gillespie : sick asf guys
tanveer gupta : lots of bugs
prateek prayash : soo addictions app
anmol bhatia : very bad game
saif rahamankhan : it is boring
blake neely : not interesting
karthik b sourya : level 1is boring
branded utkarsh singh baghel : i hate this game
vihang rathod : very bad game
thorn vova : not loved it that much
unbeatable hacker : ok but boring
kami martz : this is lame
mahesh raja : not well planned
nathanael : nothing but great
empyre : the game is pointless
satyam sonar : tension release game.....
emee zeday : man this game this game!!
aref aboutrabi : it's a good game you can play it anytime it's nice?!!
nihaal karhadkar : im just waiting for a new update!!!
daniel fenton farchi : the best game on the
atul mangal : excellent graphics and music.
danielle gorski : really fun and challenging
kane nagai : very simple and soothing.
michael eppley : challenging, but relaxing
daniel k : just everything is great.
aryan raja : the.best game ever
rashid buhejji : great graphics ... boring game
kitty cat : there are cute little llamas!!!!!!
westin newson : amazing game for almost any time.
anime doze : this game is great....... fun to play
arsonist_xpert : loved it!
kenzie liem : i love this game!!!!!!
sajeesh james : addictive,like this
abbasali kerawala : excellent awesome game it is
marcus williams : love the music and atmosphere.
mayukh poddar : awesome, relaxing and charming
a google user : boy's favourite game
u b : best realistic game.
gabriel garcia : it's an awesome game
a google user : i loved it it's good
bibek rawat : good adventure game.
terry baggett : awesome it's so good
yorrichi tsugikuni : i think it's amazing
a google user : this is great game
ghanta gouthamdas : it's an awesome game
anthony torres-cruz : i think it's awesome
cabrini : loved it great game
devil dog5968 : it's an awesome game
a google user : it's an awesome game
d a d y : this is game is great time killer
a google user : i'm lovin' it.. great game..best music..
arun singh : one of the finest game yet,,,
yuneek bhardwaj : heads off
peeps check : it is very calming, great music.
trena hershberger : cool!
karan agarwal : it's awesome yr
killerange 101 : it's really fun
william mann : it's the best at what it does.
shaveta badyal : nice. must play
unlimited fun : nice. game boss
anand sagar offfical : best snow game.
brajendra kumar : very nice game
manju cj : the best game i have ever played all of you download it
a google user : worst game in my life
vijay singh : background music is wonderful
a google user : amazing graphics, and beautiful
global tamil : it's good game
swaroop gavhane : it's nice game
edward estrada : the best ever.
wp plus : awesome. and peaceful
afraz ahmad : just love this game .
kamdyn briggs : it's a good chillaxer
saideep ps : it's the perfect game
anders fischer : nice smooth graphics.
a google user : it's a beautiful game
the official dushu : it is a awesome game.
nicolas angulo : overall a great game.
tushar dash : it's a very nice game
karan kushwaha : nothing but the best.
fire : fun played for hours
dvnm 666 : awesome and fun game
subhashree chand : good game it's cooool
shubham srivastava : this is very awesome.
jhorlind rico apal : more thrills to come.
a google user : nice and fun to play.
game&trails : it's a beautiful game
super hylian kid : it's a beauitful game
mikhail kirton : this game is awesome.
bad influence garage : exciting addictive game!
bharani throttlerz : awesome graphics & sound effects...i loved it...
kirti agarwal : i think this game is full to endless. .... and
uttam kumar : a adventurous game ....best for time pass.....
a google user : really great game..... gr8 graphics..... silent..... and relaxing game
a google user : giving star because it is high rated....
gillian burden : what!!!! it's amazing
a google user : it's cool make more games like it
sandip kumar : i like this game very much ....... smooth touch.......
alma hadidi : one of the best games!
stipe krpeta : trully beautiful game!
chase : such a beautiful game!
expovlogmeo : nice.looking to make a number two
gaurav : superb.very nice graphics loveit
a google user : it is such a good game
aubrielle hazell : in short words this game is life. awesome!!!!!!!!
a google user : this game is awesome!
penguinpopsickle : deserves the 5 stars!
swarna thakur : omg this is just osmm....... loved it...must try
amol sonawane : nice game....... but it can be modified further.. ..
shayan bagchi : love the background music!!!
jesus sotelo : great game!! love it!!
boomergray : this game is worse than my banana
aldrin s : so addicted
jayant kumar : it is very nice game... i loved it;);)
papiya sarkar : awesome graphics , audio
kabuto drifting : best game in the world
uzii : fun & chill game to play
husna dzakia : i really love this game.
mahmudul hasan : it's comfortable to play
akash raii : it's amazingly beautiful
kavita kataria : best game in the world
kspades : it's definitely worth it
joker me : the game is amazingness.
faizan khan : this is excellent game .
dankmemesover90 1 : its really good *@>#>****
pritam majumder : this game is awesome and it's graphics and controls.....
h0pe_o : i'm addicted to it !!!
wyatt loy : hey that's pretty good
ajay goyal : i'm excited to play it
rivelino santana : this game is the best.
diaperjuice_ 48 : awesomeness. nuff said
a google user : that's cool wanapatito
sujit kumar sinha : it's entertaining game
pradeep gamage : good but it's toosmall
hardik kuldeep : simply awesome.
shaheel ibrahim : the music is awesome man... and game
mathi sandhya : "great..... !!!!!! "its awsome...
kumar saurav : it's simply superb...
kamal umar : it's good
gaming life : cool stund, s
quicktze : it's very fun
revanth mandala : it's nice all
rakhi jain : best game in the world!
a google user : this game is very nice this game is very nice this game is very nict
skyler smith : it won't let me play just stays at the title screen plzzzz fix i really want this game!
anjali pal : i love the graphics and music also...
subhin gath : nice theam...!!
bela sandra larasati : everything is awesome!!!
ag hyp3b3ast pro : cool graphics it's just awesome
kushagra tyagi : best game ever played it has a good clearity and is flawless. adventures too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ali shahabi : nice & relaxing especialy with headphones
jake fletcher : unbelievably entertaining and addictive.
sachin lalwani : idiots will love this game .....
nathan butler : awesome! loved it.
juan ibiapina : entertaining for about half an hour.
max l : i cant belive i no the crater
lealyn reyes : boo don't play this boo boo boo
vanessa : it was a great game!
cayden peterson : very beautiful game!
sumit taran : the best game ever. ^0^
suvil jayaswin : i like the minimalistic gameplay.... awesome
gautam nandi chowdhury : great game ...i just loved it coooooooool...
luke meunier : just beautiful... that's all i can say...
itssammy123 cd : love the music
avs latur : great graphics !!
anfal bubere : this is a cool games
a google user : loved it!!!!!!!
grimsley jigoku : very fun and beautiful.
yellowjello : its unbelievably cool
a google user : cool snowboarding game
a google user : amazing. love this game
a google user : so peacefully
noah nickels : amazing, love the llama
braulio ramirez : it's really challenging
osman raidhan : really cool, enjoyed it
a google user : this is very addictive game love it.....
roshan kalsi : i very very very love this game
deepak chauhan : its just simply epic!!!!!!
light works : *hits five stars again*
joey fox : i !!! love !!! this !!! app !!!
rameshkumar gajula : good graphics... easy to play ...love it
rishabh shaw : waiting for update.... how can i reach the developers, its been a year since a major update...
madhumita baagchi : gr8 music loved it()
allauddin ansari : busted............ damn it........
andrei crisostomo : it's so cool
shubham chhetri : it's so nice
akshay krishnan : nice to play this game..
abhishek bharadwaj : wat a game luv this game!!!!!!
kashief salie : k cool!
vinod pawar : add some more tricks with more graphics
nabhanyu hirawat : loved it!!
kelvin keli : simply superb!!
a google user : this is the beautiful game and nice grips
iconshogun : can you play this on outdated touch phones?
aryan singh : addictive!
chinmay pimplapure : wow just wow...soothing till the end...
root : for 30 minutes i play but cannot finish task 'grind over 3 rooftops' because there are no rooftops generated !!! idiotas
alpha junk yard : that's to pleasurable.
kishore kumar : it's ok
faizan qadeer : the best <3
aisyah shahirah : love this
danul maurk : i love it this game...
fawwaz malika taufik : this game is amazing and colorful!
a google user : this is awesome... nice game... team alto
a google user : best game,i'm in love with it..
kombatlookout boy : this is the best game ever!!!!!!!
levi steven : cool game!!!!
big yorski : why does this game have ratings lower than 5 stars at all?
canceriousig : great game, but didn't it cost money on the appstore?
elemmnt : _ so bootipul ( beautiful )
joseph puty : it's a good game (y)
a google user : it's completely awesome...great work...
nidhi pant : addicted..... totally loving it
soldier 007 : it's very simple and relaxing:))
durban poizon : awesome game, soothing to the soul..... 6star *
suraj kumar : its givinge relaxation when i am in......
jsaceves04 : the best game!!!
balaji balu : best game wow!!!
soumili tapadar : really awesome... ... superb graphics adventurous. ..
a google user : beautiful and nice (:
a google user : simple game but it attractive me......
kaly animatz : f** k ( fantastic) game
ruby tollett : love this game and everything about this game!
rauf shaikh : i love this game very much
frank tedesco : eye, hand skill games are not for me. you? meybeee...
michael lee egbert : it is a good game !!!!!!
bopanna varun : it could be even aswme.....
a google user : i think it's a good game. . i love this game.
a google user : it is a great game:)
manashjyoti mech : awesomei love this
satvik srivastava : brilliant awesome...
ninuel jayme : simply that's why i loved it :*
bryana key : luv it!! try it...
jyotirath mitra : artistic and beautiful...!
michael lyons : cool game to play!!!!
willem wolfe : love the whole game in all!!!!!
a google user : so surreal...its challenging...and the zen mode ...is..well...zen...
s k : amazing . nowords for the game .
a google user : it is hard but i like this game
narayan thapa : i am not play this game
dan : dont instale this app
dilan brahmkshatriya : it never got started in my phone
shiro : the game can make you relax
billboiy panchoabarquez : this game
nita jain : i never play like this game
brienna applins : it is what a been looking for the whole time
edwin marquez : i like the snow in the game
siva malla : xlnt game but not yet downloadee
akash verma : i think this game make specially for me
kawaii channel : i always trust noodlecake for my games
taybhow : this the game right here lol
jaden cano : it reminds me if snowboardig when i was 9
queenidk : alto odyseey on adroid not iphone
a google user : i have cleared all the levels yppiee
blaer andrei : the platformer game i have ever played
sriharsha vardhan : searching for dis game from 3years when i seen it on apple
hrishikesh k : cheta itha n mass kidu game
xettri rohan : eta too gud for non onlyn players
jay mourya : i just like this game very much
this is jeet : to an
a google user : it is my first jump and run game
a google user : i think it need a little bit color
gucci boyz lit : they should do a multiplayer race update
jyotiranjan nayak : wow is the word which i can only say
firlia abdullah : this game no commentar
a google user : super background music try to improve it more
vicki sanford : it tells a story about a special trip to the mountains
mayank verma : mst game h night graphic bhi
gagan halder : lovely , addicted game
kamesh kumar : this is superb game to play....
avishka senadheera : addictive... but awesome game...
plerb : love it i play music while i was playing it ^_^^_^^_^
rohit koner : awesome game,wonderful graphic.......
faiyaz kabir : it's a great game.....love it
a google user : beautiful and fun i love it !!!!!!!!!!
gared nickas : this is awesome!
mary's sealhunter : amazing and fun!
a google user : there should be controls like 'jump' 'duck'
jakub kraj : this game is f.....g
bhavish kariappa : awsome .....:-d
prithyush s raj : awesome game! you should download it!!!!!!!
kemo_dawg56 ._. : yo the second beat game ever!!!!
a google user : awsome and fun..
jacob hill : great game!!!
a google user : nice game ever!!!
a google user : simply beautiful!
wan alwaez : amazing graphics!
gabriel silva : simply wonderful!
a google user : loved the game!
bijendra shrivastav : cool and calm !
a sengupta : this is great !
modern gamers : its a nice game
kellie bailey : plz fix will not download
hagan ulrich : this game is the funnest miny type of game ever
aman reniwal : it must be upgrade and new skateboard must come
hananeh ghorbani : it's brilliant game
p spencer : awesome game love it.
vikas agarwal : it's just amazing..... whoa...
hari charan : love it.......nice to play during classes......
rue me : i can't play it
a google user : fun , adventure , and challenging
john dickson : best game in the world!!!!
a google user : loved it amazing graphics .. ssuperbbbbbbb
sannidhya kundu : "nice,not bad.":)
a google user : this is game is awesome and u should download
thejus sajeev : ...loved the game,graphics and music......
shashank gupta : it's really good ............ very .....good
rishav sarkar : it,s good
dardan beqiri : is this game made with unity?
msindo rookie : perfection!
jamstand : why do they call it "alto's anventer" in he's not tall?
arbin shil : ||this game is awesome||
subha s : love this game
gregory vargas : beautiful game for free? hard to find but this is it.
rima arora : game with intoxicating beauty
ashwani kant free astrologer : very exciting..... full of action.........
raghvendra joshi : the best game ......... awesome music .....
malachy bodak : what a steal?
the emperor : this is a game on the top charts??? what has happend to games this game sucks
adrij maheswar : fantastic mind blowing...
a google user : best game..played
susan morgan : it fun because it's about fun
a google user : cool graphics
khuswant tiwari : awsmnn...fantastic game
ramu inakollu : liked it much...
sheikh sayem : one of the best game...
iam hystrix : how about the scene changing slower? i think it would be better
cameron lewis : awesome everything!
benoy koley : the graphics is awesome
emy jaybie : the best!!
mariacristina flores : its good!!
chaldea may escala : the best!!
ricincrackers : i tried 23 times to download it and when it downloaded the screen stayed black all night this app sucks
a google user : i reach the lastfinally....
arshad muhammed : it's,
kotato shosho : loved it. 100%
jaahnavi bh : beautiful graphics..
mara de medici : best snowbord game...
vishnu jaiswal : best game. best graphic
yasin khan : what a awesome game
shaunchelle : this game is awesome!!!!
default channel : meh, it's ok i guess.
feyad alli : dope!!!!!!! love the graphics
hope naidoo : it's an awesome !!!
theresa tialavea : love it that's it. love it
chamie alvarez : cool game 5/5
viswajith vijayan : good concept
gapd goldmine : great app!!
karli angu : nice and immersive play....
neeraj singh : awesome game... try it
anand kishor : love it man awesome...
black piece : so cool graphics...
unknown person : happy with it!
anshul singh : loved it !
s k : addictive!
aurora : awesome app!!
liam : contacts permissions?? why does it need to know my contacts?!
a. ramalingam : the scenry is awesome
luka gouveia : such an amazing game
semere : meditative and relaxing!
b richardson : love it. simple and easy.
ben aitken : fun, attractive, relaxing
arpita singharoy : veryyyyyy cool and relaxing game
laura m : great graphics and very relaxing
a google user : great graphics. love it.
rakesh yadav : simple but intersting
e lee : so easy and fun!
f. shmi : awesome graphics and relaxing bgm
manu krish dk : love the music and awesome gameplay
a google user : this is a good game
ibrahim topu : this game is
dani tama : tnx..to you game creator
rentavon : it was a high fps game. i like the game like this .
balach jamaldini : awesome game love it....
chandra shekher mishra : world-class.
dvoxjustchillin : this game is awesome....
krakhed_kiki : this game is amazing....
sandy mourya : awesome....peaceful game
a google user : great game....install it
roy randolph : it's great
kartikeya upadhyay : ..... words are less
cruzthedude : it's great.
gigi ludu : absolutely beautiful!
kenneth pereira : awesome and peaceful!
emmah wanjiku : love it's graphics & everything in this game
tushar singh : very nice game...
ruby angel : amazing incredible beautiful......
nathaniel jackson : just one word to describe... grat!?!?!?!?!
surya gandham : simply superb....!
abdul niyas : guys where is the part 2
goontayvo : how's it free on android but not on ios? ion get that
a google user : absolutely boring.
ayeshath subha : great game!!
sumeet swain : great game!!
sergey aleksanyan : great game!!
pushkar naidu : great game!!
sairi : great game very relaxing
vivek ramdas : great game. love it.
roneld yumnam : relaxing. thank you.
upasana ghosh : excellent aesthetic!
abstracttion : absolutely stunning!
antoni p : and he just rotate anticlockwise... why?
demon savage : thing in it love it
jyotsna borah : nothing to say about it.
josiah avalos : its a relaxed game
rafi ahmed : its superb. loved it.
khairul izzan : great graphics!!!
rudrik j trivedi : mind-blowing game is this
stew : though the guy was a rat.
alc a : great game!!!!
jason mitchell : back flips only are the coolest
jana smart : try this awesome!!!
paul blackflag : alto's odyssey. i need it.
a google user : i love this game....
julian rodriguez : it's sexy.
m c : it's cool.
jaswanth raj : it's good
a google user : it's cool.
tanay sarda : it is a awesome game......
a google user : awsome......totally awsoe
josh everdeen : great game. thanks.
naanii d : awesome. nice game.
noam bahar : great game. period.
atul kumar rajput : hats off ,, amazing
atticus spillman : awesome at sucking my cloaca
kumar saurabh : fabulous.. everything...
chitra : so exciting!!!!!!
somaskandan s : relaxing!
adrian molo : loved it!
muhammad salman masood : amazing effects on phone screen
daniel fred laudato : this is the f*c*i*n*g
a google user : simple. fun. calming. atmospheric.
fahad imran : matvolous creation like totaly
mable stark : simple and addictive!
ayashi nandy : relaxing helps to overcome stress
parkash pies : it is just awesome.
leon : it gives a beautiful feeling
anushka srivastava : boring!
samapti shil : it's very very very good
fan dj : nice and wonderful game
brandon flores : even amazing is an understatement this is godly
a google user : great graphics good game
aryan : good game clam and relaxing
a google user : pro genji would love this
a google user : this game is so relaxing
saksham .n : nice music well done
wesley drozd : it is really adicting and fun
deshawnah afoa : great graphics and fun gameplay
vicky silva : very good game play
raman sharma : realllyyyy addictive
bharath technical point : great graphics and amazing game
nishanth ravi : this is good as the game
lydia diaz : fun and addict ive
a google user : mood and interesting nice games
murray newsom : great to pass the time
joel hernandez : i love this game
a google user : this game very interesting
ayy lmao-_- : great game very addicting
al mcneill : very good gameplay and graphics
jay parkar : beautiful graphics and music
rahul kumar : great graphics and relaxing music
chris reher : amazing graphics for a mobile game
loay yasser : best game great graphics
a google user : super and addictive game choice
rishabh dev : it's awesome...
enrique diaz : i love everything about this game
natalie hnatiuk : realaxing and fun fit for a king
hashmi's education : very nice game ever
ms power birds monish : this game is super and good
salman jahangir : nice graphics and relaxing environment
kx7-beastduck : the best game ever
yugi muto : it was addicting fun and inventive
a google user : this game is very good
hardik sharma : its really amazing relaxing
a google user : super awesome bro
a google user : love this game an the music too
axel rodriguez : its a good game get it
shanthi shashi : nice time pass game
ss tech : i just love the game
anand lahary : adventurous game with superb graphics
a google user : most beautiful game ever
kulwinder singh : best game with awesome music
josiah phelps : this is an cool game
adam sherar : great game very interesting
vijay reddy : very nice game
lipi pal : most soothing game
yasin yasin : this very cool game
jacob w : great graphics and physics
a google user : this is best adventure game
a google user : the game is damn cool
laine williams : its awesome play it
a google user : this game is so cool
mark garrill : does not load shame
monika paul : awesome playing experience
a google user : this game is very cool
a google user : it was addictive ad and amezing
rinku khatri : very nice game i loved it
lil king : this game is so awesome
darius woods : very cool
bhushan medidhi : such a wonderful soft game
camper gaming : awesome game easy to play
a google user : graphics are awesome and the game is amazing
a google user : a very nice game
anju singh : awesome time pass game
a google user : awesomely nice kinda cute
boys humphlett : the art is spectacular
ladjack : i absolutely love this game
pankaj santwal : good but not batter
a google user : great game and good graphics
a google user : that game is so excellent
nathan cates : its the best game of the year
chetan8ra : beautiful stress relieving game
saif sajid : yery good control and grapics
rizerreaction game and skateboarding funny video : cool games and simple to play
francisco caceres : it was awesome and so addictive
frazer mills : great game really enjoyed it
gd eater : it a very interesting game
le iliyas : nice game need update
vinayagam : it is very entertaining
a google user : this isa motivation game
subhash tade : i is a very good game
berthy bernard : game i recommend it
a google user : good graphics and fun to play
a google user : a wonderful game with graphics
a google user : really good and amazing places
tisha walters : i think it as so awesome
xhoi dani : its a amazing game i loved it
a google user : cool game with great graphics
ada pfeiffer : beautiful graphics and it is fun and challenging
a google user : am lovely game to play
a google user : awesome game love the music
a google user : this game is as cool as ice
anil kumar : really awesome game
a google user : can improve the game more
nishat tasnim : this is a challenging game
mangesh kamble : very nice addictive game
bittersweet : beautiful game with stunning graphics
patrick dagher : i thought it was a better game
aagha sai : it one of the best game
hrithik chandrashekar : best game of all time
ajay kumar : the background music was awesome
subhadip mondal : good time pass game
a google user : this is a very good game
rohan budheliya : it is awesome and easy to play
strictly13abc 1 : it is really relaxing and fun
rxwjin : the fines game
ushan balachandran : awesome greatest fun game
righteous flying bananas : truly a calming artistic masterpiece
jaya pillay : this is very nice and perfect
kyle shelley : awwsome the graphics are beautiful
neetesh shukla : enjoyed a lot good game
nathaniel luces : super fun and addictive
rebekah awungshi : makes you feel great
donte f : i love this game
a google user : this game is realy fun
a google user : nice and perfect edit game
a google user : best background music ever
rob stone : offline game too
melissa renee : fun and nice graphics
a google user : its a great game for everyone
seven kincaide : the animals are cool
devapati michael : awesome game ever played
renjini jayan : enjoyed it very much
sheela johnson : the best relaxing game
dhanush s : is good play to enjoy
aryan mhetre : odessey is more better than this
david tross : its so cool
akoka dombo : we should make it 3d
aqib aziz : grapes is very beautiful
extreme _ gravity : title says it all
sony sabu : great graphics and great theme
subhajit paul finisher : its an awesome game
beverly bailey : the best v ame
shekhar chauhan : love this game great graphics
101 roy devang : its realy nice
chance wilson : very intricately designed
sangeetha cafe : sliding from snow was nice and flying
mini martin : one of the best boreless game
thusitha kumara : best game ever played
jack dugger : this game is so awesome
plushi : awsome beacase it is
boss knit india : very nice game
a google user : it is a fun addictive game
gavyn jackson : this is such a great game
abcd abcd : i love this game so much
archana pooja : its just great it is cool
nappy boi : this is not a bad game
a google user : nice game for short time
nadiline vasilcic : its a great time killer
ojeifo yusuf : the game is rekaxing and fun
liteshow ctrlitex : great graphic and very easy
kritmay pachaury : best game for time pass
jayden castellanos : the game is so fun
a google user : so awesome game in life
babita pandey : the graphics are extremely satisfying
a google user : just normal addictive game
addrain : such a awesome game
abdul wasi shahzeb : nice game play
saraju salve : love dis game a lot
a google user : one of my favorite games
shree line : very nice super advantage
a google user : very adventure game
sasuke axel : great game fun to play
a google user : i love this game
sanji lomelin : awesome ahhh he bruh
balaram sai : the game is very good
varun reddy : it is a fun and interesting game
futomomo : its pretty good
jaivion willocks : its very fun
eris robinson : well that was fun for like 5min
rayane louhichi : i love everything about this game
jovany ortiz : its an awesome game
rama tripathi : this is the excellent game in this world
celia nava : awesome game l loved it
anthony naameh : this is a very nice game
rani jha : ok nice game and graphics
shujon returns : great game 4 all
vltxblade : well played
richmond boateng : one of the best games
deeva kumari : this game is very interesting
simarjeet singh : but became more good
a google user : this is very best game
jordan vlogs 2.0 : so relaxing and gourges
k. dna : awesome graphics
jonathan pelcastre : it is the best game ever
divyanshu singh : best game in my words
pranoj kumar naga : i love this game
i walrus : plain simple and pleasant graphics
raj kumar : very good game and nice
a google user : it is very cool with the grafics
sam r : good graphics and gameplay
maxavum overdrive : really good graphics and gameplay
a google user : most beautiful ge in the world
tyler smith : it is the best game ever
a google user : the ambience in this very lovely
ramprasad mandal : i love this game
vikas verma : a pretty awesome game
dhairya agarwal : the controls can be better
polla fattah : one of the best games
makmur rizka : i love this game hahah
goldskey dalmond : it so realistic
a google user : my cat likes it
logan : loved the music and smoothness of the game
april mcgrew : this is a super cool app
luis fuentes : the animations on this is awesome
a google user : it is the best game ever
mitanshu singh : awesome nd simple game
tashawn i subscribe russell : i love this game thanks
thenessagroovin : its so fun and butifull
bertha saparagrant : wow this game is amassing
tejpal gupta : its grapic are vary good
lee : a very fun game
dravid 29 : outstanding game with superb idea
jeff barlow : pretty fun and easy
a google user : i love the background music
patel satyam : this is very best game
josh timmerman : this is the best game ever
bhaskar pareek : this game is so best
anshumali kumar : i would love to play
saugan raj : one of the most relaxing game
deepak cp : this is a good adventure game
a google user : i love this game
a google user : i love this amazing game
rana taimoor nasir : very nice game
a google user : good developers proved themselves
finn zappos : five star all round
scott coleman : loved it on my youtube chanell
a google user : it a good game to play
md.azizul hakim : really like it
keviscap : this game is really fun
nirmal achu : one of my favorite game
09. arnab biswas : i think it is a interesting game
dead guy : this is very peaceful and happy
toby vlogz : it is very cool
xeulo : gameplay on fleek
eloise ruby : everything about this game is 5 stars
a google user : this game s awesome
black 100 : its a cool game to play
team legends : awesome good and relaxing
dhayanithi dhaya : very nice and interesting game
emma adams : love it sooooo much
danish xd : what a lovely graphics and scene
m.s.n. suresh : its very nice game
a google user : good graphics and easy to use
ash belly : simple yet awesome game
andres melendez : y love it is amazing really
sushaan magar : the music is very relaxing
abhishek bose : this game is really good
syafiq 31 : thank you for the awsome game
a google user : the game is very amazing
jason steger : this is a mind blowing game
cloud : best game so calm
sapinder kaur : superb game and graphics
a google user : it is very good game
shivanjan sarkar : it is just awesome game
a google user : it is so nice game
dersimi : we are waiting for new adventure
a google user : totally the best game ever
nathan worden : the graphics are jaw dropping
ali meydani : i thinks its good
manasi sathe : should download
viet-anh d. nguyen : the most beautiful game
mak1258 : very addictive
techno gaming point : good game with nice graphics
a google user : it is very good app
urmil kumari : this game is very good
a google user : gud game and entertaining one
a google user : the gang is super fun
a google user : the most satisfying game
noah duister : cool game i would recommend it
sriram v : its very good game
pradeep sharma : the best game of the playstore
rimon 531 rimon 531 : the best game in the world
joseph megainey : really good i loved it
vishnu vardhan reddy : its a very nice game
swaggernaut 65 : soothing graphics
lynlyn estrera : i love this game
kymberly dukes : it is the best game in the world
a google user : this game is best for children
1st person kel : the best game ever
jose perez : beautifully graphics
angel johnson : just love it so addictive
prashant joshi : excellent download it cool graphices
a google user : this is very beautiful game
sadia arshad : great graphics and music
gareth smith : it needs to be a bit educational
justina gebhard : coolest game ever
a google user : my favorite game is alto
demon hunter : most addictive
vishnu 12 th arts : it is very easy and interesting
manish sinsinwar : best game of my life
ashley stafford : this game is super cool
monika : it is a very good and adventureous
britto eric : its very nice game
a google user : more game play needed
shashank singh : editor choices maker are the best
a google user : its a breathe taking game
a google user : love the vibe and aspect of the game
a google user : i think this game is awesome
a google user : it is nice game to play
josh lopez : love the graphics
dulloor adithya : i think its a better game
parth : this game is very relaxing
j meeseeks : i love that music
a google user : it is a very good game
elijah mejia : just looked amazing from the jump
nate walker : it is a great game
joan sole terol : its so cool
makai weathers : this game is awesome for me
rogelio : i think this game is the best on android
gregory dudka : this game is awesome
a google user : i love this game
sarthak jain : this is the best adventure game
moaad m : cool game simple and nice
mahfoudh : its very nice game
a google user : its so fun
earning master : best app of my life
jinsue varghese : good graphics nyc game
opinionayted : pretty cool game
savalicious gamer : this is the most beautiful
johnvel hebron : cool everyone play this game
ez ultimate : it is the best
telly jayy : this game is so cool
a google user : it is very adventurous games
a google user : cool adventure games
barl3y tr1ng : really is a good game
ajay poojari : gameplay is excellent
namrata banthia : it is very nice
i like tacos : this game is amazingly cool
calvin karis : the best fun game
a google user : great not stop game
jj! : so fun and creative
raja rao bobbepally : having a fun play
bala murali : excellent work of art game
a google user : the best game ever
chintan chawda : cool game ever had
dont need a name and i don't care : easy to hack
a google user : very good and nice games
akdov370 : love the graphics and simplicity
boini. shivakumar. kumar : this is a very nice game
shaikh rajjak : i love this game
a google user : its a beautiful game
utkarsh raj : excellent no word for name
a google user : very good graphics game
a google user : it is the best game in the world
womtashu : this game is addictive love it
david lane : i think the game was great
asit mandi : i love this soo much
a google user : i enjoyed this game
deacon frost : need a sequel or a big update
pratham powar : awesome want more pleas3
a google user : the game is very good
taylor giles : enjoyed every minute of it
alex mancia : omg this the most awsome game
ana ramos : relaxing and a little parcore
daniel cruz : worth the download
mufaiz ahmed : superb plz download this game
guilherme sabino : only one word amazing
a google user : i love this game
a google user : the best literly suck it
dirk la foucade : best games of the year
lewis : best game of its jonra
a google user : a awesome game for any viewer
a google user : i really love this game
jonathan b : lots of fun with a beautiful backdrop
richik mukherjee : awesome time pass
the minecraft channel : it is a very relaxing game
vinod kumar : cool game better experience
a google user : this is so much fun
pythonyt : the game is so peaceful
saliny jain : nice nothing to tell about it
jamie adamson music : great game
vamsikrishna peddibhotla : awesome game must play
sam wright : best game out
a google user : it is the best timepass game
devin nichols : i love the game s
sath ish : awesome to play and very addictive
e. arun majumder : the game is very beautiful
ma jacent damasco : i think its nice
jamhad taylor : is so relaxing to play
a google user : very good graphics and game
afshan ali : this is better than perfect
yokappa : amazing graphics and music is fenominal
vimla malav : this is the best game for graphics
dosrelic 7173 : it is relly funny and fun
otto pearson : best phone game ever
dustbin y. : best online shopping app
dev garg : best game in the world for skiing
a google user : editor i love this game
md. suvo talukder : game graphic is so beautiful
hd xy : my favourite game
a google user : it is so cool and fun
a google user : i think is is great
a google user : nice time pass gamee
tasneem iqbal : one of my favourite game
abhay mahajan : beautiful artstyle
nighthawkgaming 79 : awsome game great job
cross x zone : very very nice game
a google user : this is a great game for me
a google user : i really liked this game
ayman shah : a very good game
rhad parsa : i had fun playing it
saptarshi bag : awesome game with relaxing music
s williams : so beautiful and full of life
prakash das : it is a nice and exciting game
lajo jose : great graphics and music
gaurav singh : fabulous game i ever played
akshay saini : totally enjoyed it
rachel andras : this is the best game ever
a google user : i love this game
jayde burton : it is the best game in history
chitra iyer : i love this game
emilio martinez : the best game ever
a google user : the graphics are pretty good
mr.s.chundawat : this game is owsem
vinz masbate : this apk is so good
himalay naik : awesome its great one
aimaan asyraf : this game are so good
victor visscher : i think that it is a great game
daniel krebs : this game is frikin majestic
a google user : i think this game is fun
aicha issazabian : no changes needed
big murph : it is very addictive and fun
goyal shivam : very cool game
vishal padigela : nice gameply
armaan sidhu : the best game ever
a google user : akshay_yetzz feeling happy with this game
a google user : this game is so cool
a google user : the best game ever
a google user : this is very best game
videos with hazik bhat : nice and i think colll
sai nivas goud : very nice adventure
sumit the boss : its a nice game
longshot : the best game ever
merrille neufeld : great graphics peacful
luna's life : this game is the best love it
rajesh nair : great graphic and best game
gunwanth vunnava : get those ads
ian gary : easy to use
a google user : this is very fun
iz games : because the mind set is simple
jonathan mejia : cool game easy controls
fahmeed qadir : simply the best of all times
a google user : so additive great gameplay
pouya zh : best game music ever
selfie sathish : very addictive game
sonja tsiouris : me and bros love it
dimitar zlatanski : just amazing piece of art
mayank shetty : worth downloading
chi : it is a good time killer
deus : i really love it fam
damian5150 : peaceful and cool also relaxing
faheem khan : its become more creative
echo 2 : the best game ever
avanish tiwari : a must ply
amaze blaze : great for passing time and relaxing
a google user : this is a great game
shamin bakar : it is so amazing
jonathan lacoy : very calm game play
shubham bhatt : awsome gaming and nice graphics
shubham : excellent graphics and nice music
marcus linares : that so cool and allsome
ahm ad : its good and nice game
lily weaver : the grafics are amazing
landhyn : best in the 2017
a google user : it is very good for my
joshua yap : this game is so fun
1007bharathi 90475186 : thank you very much
vimo gaming : the best game on earth
v. naveen : i t is nice game
harpreet singh : nice game good graphics
a google user : it should be a bit interesting
hi whyme123 : second best game ever
vijay patel : great work on beauty and sound
ra the emo : its great to pass time
a google user : cool good graphics
barnabys kina : it is such a great game
mohammed nadeem : super i love this game
hiii don't care : it is a good game to play
dannyatw : beautiful graphics best game
cesar linares : the pictures look good
a google user : super game good graphics
a google user : this game is great and fun
a google user : its cool and relaxing game
a google user : the best game ever
a google user : superb game fantastic graphics and
animesimpin : awesome game addictive also
amaryllis marzdu : beautiful soundtrack and adorable game
a google user : i played this before in a different phone
tomas balon : this game is so fun
raghav raghav : nice game interesting
sanat s.k. bishnoi : the game is okkkk
almanzur maulana : really excited for altos odyssey
dan-iel cal-vin : i love the art of this game
a google user : i really like this game
iqram iqmal azizi : this game is so peaceful
a google user : i loved and the game and the music
a google user : loved the concept and how calming this game is
maze : very addictive and fun to play
varun sanghavi : nice and timepase game
manakchand jain : this game is wonderful in the world
damian horner : relaxing on zen mode with pandora
a google user : very addictive and i love it
parmod goel : this game is best for android
jickson thomas : love this awesome game
alicia negrete : it is a very fun game
delma jackson : its a good morning game
cherie michels : i think that it is a good game
a google user : i am in love with this game
ramzaan ali : really fun full of masti
selvi selvi : fun so awesome
sam shila : i realy love this game
a google user : very simple and sweet and addictive
carol kirkwood : best game of the year
sonu cp : best game of all time
ali .z : fantastic game nice graphics
a google user : i loved everything about the game
alan paterson : nice it looks beutiful
olufowobi akinsola : nyc gameplay awesome graphics
mohammed adnan : awasome game i really liked it
troch trolling : i love the graphics
satish ahirwar : this game is very happiness
nicolas priest : great addictive time killer
a google user : it is a awesome game to play
neil hughes : really excellent game
mara ciobanu : i love this game
antonio brooks : this game is awsome
gurpinder duggal : fine one
nagaraj b. s. : its really a good game
dewol maharjan : i want more adventure
a google user : i think this game is awesome
azeem : excellent game in my eyes
joe galindo : so relaxing
abdullah k : it s nice to play
tyler church : very good graphics
papo jr : it super cool
andre baez : it is good for a phone game
dante johnson : the game looks good
a google user : i love this game
a google user : i loved the background themselves
vashishtha : the soundtrack is really amazing
xzb2__27 : very very nice game
a google user : i think this app is awesome
a google user : the game is awesome and simple
a google user : awesome game and calming music
amrinder singh : what a great concept
zubaida qasim : very impressive and relaxing game
anuj dhariwal : not boring its amazing
a google user : better then which i played
a google user : this the best one yaw
will beech : this game is so good
jason karijo : its just awesome
veer rajput : it was very nice game
lucky murthy : is very nice game
fiasal aljohani : this is a very cool game
ross milliken : very nice visuals
aymane khalid allak : i love it so relaxing
rahul ghosh : this game is cool
chilacaa taylor : absolutely beautiful and so playworthy
fazal abdullah : but very easy
king_ ak : fun game to play whenever
nazmur raihan : fantastic gameplay with minimal graphics
kirito : cool in waiting for next version
mohamed durai : intresting rather than defining
satish nalkande : very nice graphics
umesh jain : awesome music and relaxing game
trevyn rabuck : its the best game ever
a google user : nice gam and nic cuality
miguel rojas : it is fun to play
rahul r : good game for time pass
jafvx : realy awsome fame love it
lowercase guy337 : this game is really cool
bharat siddeshwar : a great addective game
funny man : i love this game wow
vaibhav chaudhary : adventures are going ahead
adam kim : very entertaining and fun
loe buffaloe : top 10 in my book
ryan collins : super addictive and fun
meena singaravelu : addictive to the core
heather beth : the best game ever
ignas pank : the game is really beautiful
keven brooks : beautiful game and so chill
football messi and rolando : this is the best game ever
a google user : best game to pass time
jamal vidal : best game all round
abhishek tiwari : nice games
nero v : great game very challenging
a google user : aswome superb mind blowing
arun varghese : attractive theme and excellent gameplay
a google user : really a nice game dood
mohak awasthy : good graphics
shiva rajkumar : i think it is a good game
haroon mahmood : loved the back ground music
william calle : that was legitnith
samuel warren : i love this game
jays basketball world : the game was perfect by it self
a google user : good graphics
a google user : a really nice game
damian thomas : i love this game
a google user : this is very good games
deepak daiya : it is a very good game
nicholas hughes : best game played yet
a google user : the best adventure game ever
sutharsiny siva : the best game ever
shekhawat skills : it was a awesome game yo
emir kadric : its a really good game
blable bla : good graphics
fay samsung : my fave game by far
abigail : loved it greatest game ever
andre smith : cool ig very addictive
mano teja : superb game in play store
lol boi : very relaxing and beautiful game
loay dalis : it is the best game ever
deepak nandi : such a great time killer
ssr king : very smooth
deepanshu trikha : wow what a relaxing game loved it
coreapplegamer : very peace full and relaxing
emiliano cedillo : i really like this game
cesar cornejo : this game is so fun
a google user : a good game to play
a google user : nice graphic and fantastic game
sudhir waghmare : great game thanks for making it
aysha shahzad : i love this game
mehju godach : these game is so good
dilip ninama : this is very adventurous game
saurav sharma : popular and intresting game
swevenioo _ : time killer and very addictive
michael gomez : pretty awesome
shivam tiwari : i ve always loved it
siddiq : very nice game
amy de gouveia : the game is amazingly awesome
a google user : i love this game superrr
nijanthan a : such a great relaxing game
cristian jimenez : i love the game
bossuptyler : really cool game to play
philippians : 4:13 : interesting and something different
marco mendoza : this game is so cool
a google user : its very interesting game
ninja bush : it was fun and was verey adicting
a google user : fak this game
mahmood alam : it s too good
rafiq sir's commerce classes : games is great
leon h : fun with nice graphics
rishabh jha : beautifully conceived and executed
manjunath pichipally : it is good game with adventures
ganzo : one of my favorite games
harendra bhandari : it is real life game
nathan hewitt : this is my favourite game
remington tapp : best ghrafics ever
a google user : good but very good
kadine smith : the back ground is beautiful
the 4musckateers b : i love this game
aidid harraz : its a lovely peice of art
listen here : i absolutely adore this game
jeff navarro : this is so fun
shubhangi shinde : wonderful game with amazing graphics
manmeet riat : i just love this game
jake ford : it is super coooooool
privado justin : it is a very fun game
emad uddin : stunning illustration graphics and gamplay
pagerick wade : very fun and addicting
jamie kilpatrick : goooooood game for every body
bharti agrawal : this game is best
aman pratap singh tomar : its good and fun playing
jham mayumi : i totaly love this game
tromity : great game and it is really addictive
a google user : what a beautiful wonderful game
himan saha : awsum brings peace to mind
steven bowling : really liked it
brayden lane : really good
jacob black : i love this game
a google user : i love this game
red fox : love to play this
manjeet dhanju : superb good love this game
gg 20 : the song is very good
prabha karan : good game in adventure ever
rain creek : this is one of my favorites
mrstone : the best game to get
aniket gupta : it is great a game
shakib shajon : this is a very nice game
sanjay vishwa : the best game
kamran azam ansari : i really love this
qiel lmao : the flips are cool
jonathan sudbury : what's the highest score?i got 79865
travis gang : i love snow and ice and jumping
tyler baldwin : coolest thing ever
eva danielova : the best!!!!!!
shock rocks : it's cool..
r wheatley : this is awsome!!!!
jamie baker : amazing game,when is alto's odyssey coming to android?
brennan ramsey : great for those lonely nights
sarmad naeem naeem uddin : relaxing and stress finishing game
a google user : best game release stress
sean tardif : the best thing ever
a google user : fun to mess with
siji tenson : awesome game addicted
kavi arasu : awesome and super game
tiana yatim : it's a good game !!!!!!!!!!!
ashok sharma : loved it guys.....
magesh m : dramatic games ..loved it..
kitty girl : it the best game ever
vasanth devakumar : this is damn awesome and love it
yashwanth narra : good game to kill time
a google user : this is a good time to attack
eddy son : the game cant't download
a google user : nice and lovely game ? i love it ??
charlie baysinger : great time waster
filipe afonso : great game to kill time
nathan thomas : it is a fun mindless game
narek markosyan : ad crashes a game
a google user : soooooooooo opposition ok nice
ak : where is windows 10 mobile???
jxsh : awsome!
a google user : awsome!
arivukkarasan. t : its good game to play i n joyed it!!?
february five : when is the dessert themed alto?
a google user : not good and not bad
space pickles88 : amazing,simple,and console graphics
shivansh ahuja : horrible.
md tanvir hassan bhuiyan : music is soulful
farzana elias papri : wow that's awesome
lakshya pratap singh : full of adventure.
sexy boy : incredible
daniel bass : yeah it's the best
abdulla khashabi : boring
abir hasan : boring .
xadreg tsl : faboulusly awesome.
nayemur rahman : it's really amazing
a google user : snowy gorgeousness.
krishna sachdeva : very nice.its great
nishant parakh : loved it !!
gabriel garcia : addictive!!!
harpreet singh : i want more games like this..
thomas barboza : asome game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
savannah zetino : fun game for when you are bored
jagdeep chand rajwar : awesome creation.
supreet kaur : outstanding game.
valentino valeriani : #adictive
berhanu feser : cool and amazing.
marshal 733 : outstanding game.
adrian villanueva : amazing graphics.
ted bennett : fun and relaxing.
rapeti akhil : i loved this game
bharti pandey : very-very excellent
rinku anupam bhadra : pleasant!!!
srividya u : loved it!!!
devon blignaut : loved it!!!
ankit kumar : loved it!!!
anirban : any doubt? play this..and clear your doubt..
panda lover : #awesome,cool,amazing!!!!!!!!!!!
samantha duncan : easy to. control
saadeed 16 : simply the best.
rishabh panwar : love this game
a google user : love this game .
shyam rathore : loved the music.
ishana : really awesome
seema layal : it's a good game
a google user : love this game
aditya hatyarkar : it's fabulous...!!!
tiger mate : cool gameplay.
leo mukesh : nice graphics.
vinamrita vikrant : it's fantastic
robert elmore : cool it's cool
santhosh s : relaxing game.
a google user : it's fantastic
itzdaytona : so beautiful
lucas vic : very relaxing.
sameer kumar : it's a awesome
a google user : it's nice game
a google user : its beautiful.
ragini singh : it's fantastic
hunter : it is a good
ken bergman : its really fun!!!!!!!
_mxudhxxn_ : the best of the best
a google user : love this game
bailee roberson : good game to waste time
akshay shirsath : beautifully designed.
edward cantwell : absolutely loved it.
khairul azmi : good graphics & song
samuel squire : simple and relaxing.
alok kant : nice game.its adventrous
thelastgamer vip : awesome that's it awesome
a google user : omg.what a beautiful game
rose : love this game.
ashween swain : nice graphics .
c.v.l. rema17 : calm and cool
justin : very addictive.
shisalong longkumer : very relaxing
007 hitman : relaxing music.
slither me tinders : love this lel
ghania : very relaxing
abhyudoy mazumder : great graphicssss !!!!!!!
neeraj sharma : it's a beauty
prayag gautam : pretty good
uma sankar panda : it's relaxing
anna kester : awsome game
chukwuemeka nnam : it's relaxing
rick sanchez : it's relaxing
a google user : it's the best
justine sanchez : it's very fun
praveen krishnamoorthy : always great.
suvomoy ghosh : everything is o
hamza moazzam : outstanding..i loved it
a google user : loved it.adicted to it.
aditya sahu : soundtrack is awesome.
rina : this is really awesom
harry s : snowy adventure? let's give it a try
a google user : .........................................
.........................................
......................................... i mean.. nothing more to say
anjesa rexhepi : in love with this game
umair khan : absolutely mesmorizing.
yashwin vyk : it's awesome
jerry cruz : it's awesome
ajmal huzair : it's awesome
i dont care : it's awesome
anurag roy : it's awesome
tech science : it's awesome
laura callaway : it's awesome
aakif mushtaq siddiqui : great game .
dishang jain : it's awesome
eric oliva : it's awesome
nathan god'swill : it's awesome
a google user : it's awesome
purnima sharma : it's awesome
satyajit barua : it's to good
ousso dmc : thats good
a google user : it's awesome
a google user : it's awesome
nero : nice it's ok
sujata pataskar : it's awesome
barbara dover : it's awesome
anuneet rock : it's awesome
baz dawson : it's cool as
a google user : it's awesome
danielle barugahare : it's awesome
a google user : it's awesome
a google user : it's awesome
hyperverse gaming : be graphics.really liked it
mexicanboyhallow 2005 : love it and it's creatively
kookie msp : love the game
isaiah powell : i'm ready to play?
shivani : amazing thanks callux
a google user : nice game.agreed with online
vesi gamer : awesome game.loved it to bits
ajay saha : great great and great.
a google user : it is cool
roy lane : it^s awsome
edward : cool rocks.
christopher abraham : it's pretty
a google user : great game.
unaif mohammed : great game.
a google user : it's awsome
crakson sike : great game.
jordie play's : great game.
raf 1 : great. game
somnath de : great one .
sollux captor : great game.
thuthuka khwezi : great game.
a google user : it is good.
a google user : it's awsome
hendrix delgado : it's active
mitchal green : really fun.
armando contreras : awesome and it is very good and it is very beast
vicente juan ruiz : amazing play it now right now
sarthak sharma : no words.....how much it is good?
marvin beveridge : best snowboarding game ever!!!!!!!
onii chan : it's great
bunny falane patil : sexy game.
munther shawa : its nice
paula sullivan : it's great
erro leroux : great art.
leo aritao : it's great
bilge rat : cool game.
a google user : it is fun.
panda perlind : it's great
kielviewingchannel : it's great
devyd : this game is so nice
rishi mohan : it is so so so so good
a google user : i love this game so much!!!!!!!!
ali siddiqui : no jump after 1st one... whas the matter?
abhinash tm : my favourite
queen rosez : everything about it is fantastic.
mir aadil : awesome graphics :)
utkarsh koli : nice to play !!!!!!
alf : awesomeness!!!
jctajon silva : cool!!!
prashant deole : good but not good contoral
jacquelyn moody : awsome game!!!
matthew fuller : definitely recommend this game
zuala tvl : good look and nice play
manoj sonkar : awesome game i love this game
rea kay : spectacular game and a very beautiful game
everything is cool : nice but bore
samantha drum : love it so much so fun
mark norris : fun and also challenging sometimes
asad ali : nice graphics good game
minahil riaz : it is the best game ever
biachadnezzar nelco : its so great and so cool
litzy liera : it is good game
pranay kulshrestha : i love this game
arpita basu : very nice graphics and a nice story
mohammad ifraz : easy and very nice
rishi mishra : very good game download the game
a google user : this is great game best game
nona nonae : you are be happy you are have fun
kiran gayle : it is a superb game
mohamed suhaib : nice game of 2016
jeewan lal : very nice very good excellent
nagarajan m : suberb game the game is awesome
mahipal singh negi : i love this game
rupesh adapala : addictive and interesting game
yashas yashas : super super super awesome awsomr
benedick mortell : its a good game nice game
jason : nice graphics and fun
a google user : this game is very good game i like it
supriyo dam : awesome really really good game
siyabonga hopewell : the best just the best
a google user : nice game everyone playthis game
hamidur rahman hasan : i love this game
a google user : the best best game to play
a google user : i played it before and i liked it
a google user : really it is a very very nice game
a google user : very very very smart game
ma ri : it is very interesting interesting
da god of cookie : this is one word and that word is awesome
diamondstrike _ : alto is animated i love animated games
harlequin : was a great game
iqbal jadgal : nice game and my favourite game
joey earley : very fun and addicting
anshul rai : awesome game and very interesting
datman 2721 : good this game music in this game is the best
prabha inamdar : best way to unwind
sadiya thaseen : best game in adventure
ananthakrishnan ak : i loved to play this game
a google user : this game is a great weekend game
unais kavanoor : it was a adventurous game
sara jafari : so amazing and so relaxing really like it
celestialol : it's good
a google user : it's good
jee : it's good
antonio daniels : it's cool
aaron dalawampu : it's good
sean mutter : it's cool
a google user : it's cool
bhuwan bista : it's good
zaraso : it's good
imakx ph : thumbs-up
vicky rehal : it's good
pro gamer : it's cool
s1k rider : it's good
a google user : it's good
ardyn fahreza : it's cool
a google user : its nice.
colton fahey : it's cool
hello bro : it's best
mukesh kumar : it's nice
katrina tapaha : it's cool
kishun maurya : it's good
a google user : it's nice
ganesh bhutekar : it's good
the gaming malcolm : it's good
a google user : it's cool
julia madoll : it,s cool
dylan smith : it's good
itzmeeli xb : it's nice
blossomgirl facion : it's good
mario martinez : it's nice
wasim akthar : it's good
hari haran : it's nice
crazy vama : it's cool
keerthana s : it's good
a google user : it's nice
teresa esteban : it's good
brobs : it's best
balaji s : it's good
shashwat : adventurous game..
a google user : it's good
leon chipchase : it's good
a google user : it's good
harry hurley : it's good
ghost115 115 : it's cool
a google user : it's good
bullu bullu : it's good
p.j karthik mukundh. : the best.
christopher maxey : it's good
anish boss : it's good
jeevan paul : it's good
hugo turner dede : it's good
a google user : it's good
nitin rahinj : it's good
subham singha : it's good
a google user : it's cool
sheena noel : it's good
zeljko i. : great game ;)
kiranchandra shetty : great game :)
akb asish : sporty game..
joe wells : it's fun
a google user : it's lit
a google user : it's fun
a google user : it's fun
a google user : it's lit
tytwin 10 : it's lit
besnik kciku : great graphic :)
ayto : it's fun
a google user : i loved it very much
raj kumar : a game to download
yashwin : pretty addictive
dayanand gawade : really nice :)
a google user : beautiful graphics...
abdul qadeer samdani : wow!!!!!what a game!!!!!! i just loved it!!!!
lalit brahmbhatt : its good..
j jr loz : great game
joseph hermoso : its nice
a google user : i love this game
vaibhav bijlani : good graphics...
rizky : awsome games ...
a google user : awesome music...
tinku rai : very beautiful....
mandeep singh 268 b : awesome....love it
a google user : best from the rest.....
maria pamela garcia : its so so cool and fun
luis engallado : the design is really amazing and spectacular
sivakumar chellappa : so great extremely great
geeta bagadia : fantastic game ever play
md daniyal arshad : very good game this game is very nice
minnesota fan for life : the best addiction game ever
amit pradhan : good graphics....
gulfam ansari : nice graphics..
a google user : really superb..
sheryl lim : nice graphic :)
zouhaib007 ayub : not bad at all? ;-)
kem gabato : love this game
manchuria bordoloi : great timepass
rajarshi chowdhury : very relaxing
a google user : the best game ever made
anmol singh : awesome love it
a google user : really amazing
a google user : it is the best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
harshdeep singh : best and addictive....
a google user : simply superbbbbb......
shanmukha vardhan 3 blue : awsome game....
addy tan : really really.... niceeeeeeee
sunil sain : this is nice .....
a google user : cool and good game.........
a google user : its good...
marc gwee : cool
a google user : thats good..
rohan munda : loved it...
jason_ sythe da silva : it was great
ty.awesome2005 moon : its cool
mpume thamsanqa : cool
ar jun : what a peaceful game,,,
emile bon : perfect.on.everything!
jahmarley leslie : great game
srinivasan kothandapani : i love this game
lalit kumar : what a wonderful game
a google user : this game is very good game and like it
cherish smiles : don't ask. just play.
amit odii : cool!!
alan s joy : this is a good game
mandeep rana : i love this game
rd gamer : cool!!!!
what is this : highscore is aroun 69k can you beat it?
a google user : boring
naveen jyoti : cool !!!
a google user : nice game i love this game
varun singh : great game!!!!!
sagor jhons : cool games,, wow,,,,
mahmud hasan kanon : sadness, happiness,fun all is in this game?
deepak dhaka : awesome game play
nidasani : best of the best of the best.
manisha dutt : really amazing
lol gol : awsome!!!
a google user : i think that this game is the best
a google user : simplistic yet beautiful
a google user : relaxing!!!!!
robert : very chill game!
bt18civ071. aditya patel : adds are the problem
dee bittle : this...game...is...amazing
ranjith pottekkatt : awesome music
tanuj verma : best game when sad
a google user : this is my last last last game
mei mei : loved it!
vidya sadafule : great game.....
varalashmi yuvaraj : good sound effects
padmanabho banerjee : this game is a very good game
kuba s. : pretty but booooring
xaver pan : adventure? sorry.
mustafa saidie : better than limbo
a google user : it is fun!!!!!!!!!
a google user : i love it it s so much fun and so easy love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
zach : awsome!!!!
23haher154 : thus game is crazy cool. my brother loves it.
friendly user : clash of boards
a google user : it's good
a google user : it's good
sheetal rami : it's nice
prateek sapkota : really don't install this game #^_^##^_^##^_^#
jake paul : this game is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
radhika nannapraj : loner but good
joel a stanly : great graphics :)
a google user : it's cool games
drake lamp : 9/10 times you can't even land a backflip. might as well go play subway surfers.
retro rehaan : good stunting game
yugal yadav : not that great
a google user : stress releasing
nevaeh alexander : super slow
jobbless monkey84 : im stuned by the graphics gameplay and soundefcts hour of play put on brocile and play
a google user : boring but good
a google user : good for boring time
liliana horna : i love the background and graphics.its so perfect
solanki ritik : the game was fabulas.
gurkirat vig : it was alright until it kept changing the time of day, and i couldn't see anything whilst out and about, when it was night time in game.
a google user : worstvgame but adventure game
cyan sus : awsome!!!!!
gousul aalam biswas : not cool bro
kulluayuk koperqualuk : awesome but weird
chandra gupta : tho why its showing only 1download??
mazeeno urek : repeating?
yaboi bleach : why!!!!
a google user : its cool'igz
giovanni bustillos : it's lit
benjamin heim : best.game when high
killedhunter : its really fuuuun
whysoslimey : such a relax game.
random things : it's ez and butifl
owen martin : it's super adictive
taj : don't want to think
mahija k : super game really .
watermila n : bery great music
e.g boy lim : bring the lamb!
teezy thesh : phenomenal.
a google user : perfection
aaron mathes : perfection.
neon gaming : great game
b a d w o l f : love this.
kaviesha karunarathne : relaxing
a google user : it's great
dona : addictive.
john xavier : loving it.
supriyo mahata : loving it.
hamizah ramly : relaxing
sagnik bhowmick : relaxing
andoni gogo : addictive
anand krishna : graphics is terribly awesome
ty mccray : hash kino shiine flier mono
david lamma : ugly people?
ananthu nandu : its amazing......
divyanshu kumar : try it you will love it................
staxellion : repetitive and boring
a google user : dusty game
a google user : bad and waste
thatrottenotaku : it was boring to me
binish sah : really boring
komal bhanushali : hate a lot
ummay kulsum abbas : super boring
mohammed baghul : it is slow network
mohammed abbas : so boring
teddy knight : i hated it
joel c : poopy in mouthy
alpha gamma : rip off
jason lockard : slow going
rohit dalvi : yeah this is insane
a google user : so boring
shreekar vankineni : nothing interesting
a google user : not that good
ryan m : the beast
devil syanite : fall in love with it
ritaban das : its worthless
harsha vardhan : disliked the game
sunil kumar : new things
r a : worst game
deepali jain : nothing as peaceful as this
kinggreentg : too repetitive
ankit singh : loved this game
christopher nelson : flips are to slow
ujjwal kumar : it to slow
marella yaseskar vahni tejas : very frustrating
haydn marynuk : little boring
kartikey bist : very boring
christopher adams : boring
a google user : waste phone
a google user : waste app
sumit : worst control
hiral hiral : very difficult
luna : crashes
nitish patil : but to slow
arian valdivia : i hate this
jonas raickle : very boring
chiyan vikram : worst game
sudha seekoti : downloading slow
jt aguilar : hated i5
dhanu pepakayala : waste of time
keanu patty : to bored
a google user : nothing it is good
sniper prit : its waste
theankittnetic : little boring
lilak ram dhruw : boring dramatically
dumbest stick and heros : hi the beast
envy : needs cloud save.
mohd wasiq : very addictive game
a google user : such beautiful games
dimas sebastian : this game is relaxing
anime eternity : it is addictive and funny
izzati zailani : beautiful game and relax
green rider : is best game world
a google user : it is very marvellous
fathul ulum : love it so much
adeeb chand : awesome offline game
a google user : it was good i loved it
a google user : really fun and addictive
dasegowda gowda : i love this game
a google user : this game is awesome
a google user : very nice games
daisy singh : very nice game
suhag ahmed : good graphics game
kumar malar : very good to play
htx_13004life : good game to play
duryodhan das : guru of adventure games
freaky dodo : pretty nice game
shaveen adithya : i love this game
a google user : the best game
clark lois salazar : its cool play
elijah rivera : very cool and zen
vikash chandra : i love this game
ranjit moreshiya : one of the coolest game
elbert puckett : nice and relaxing game
rashed arnob : very nice games
a google user : very relaxing and calming
najiya methar : the best game
henry haney : cool little game
naveed khan : i love this game
a google user : i love this game
atit shah : great graphics intresting
a google user : it is nice game
hunter 1997 : very nice game
vanilla chai : very soothing and relaxing
a google user : very nice game
tanmay singh : good and interesting game
a google user : this game is awesome
sachin tiwari : brilliant relaxing game
a google user : it is a fun game
homie what : i liked the soothingness
baijnath bhagat : its a marvellous game
chuck norris : a lot of fun
swayam prakash rath : satisfied with all it has
arian sobhani : best game in the world
crazy creator's : best ofline game
ravi kumar : wow its amazing
a google user : this is a nice game
a google user : easy and interesting game
liya hanan : very nice game
a google user : very good excellent
reaperyt : this game is inspiration
savita chhabra : good time pass
izzat iskandar : i loved this games
marcus alexson : the game is awesome
a google user : good graphics and gameplay
a google user : a great game
joelle monique daily : the grapics are so good
a google user : very nice game
greensly 1 : this was a great experience
fatema bharmal : surely good game
a google user : its a good game
a google user : very creative
ashish saha : very very impressive
evyatar kedem : great relaxing game
ibrahim butt : smooth graphics
john kuffour : great graphics
minato namikaze : nice lovely game
ahmed fahim irfan : best of all
sunil sahu : so cool try this
manish : this game is amazing
rajeev mishra : magical and nice game
abhinav toppo : i really love it
manpreet kaur : great song and graphics
luz espinoza : this game is amazing
asit kumar minz : the game is nice
a google user : it ls cool
tantan iligan : good game and relaxing
eht fort : the best sound
warlord 4177 : hello its amazing
a google user : its a good game
mohammed ehsan : interesting and fun game
matthew duong : this game is amazing
kushagra abbi : very nice game
a google user : very nice and good
anmol yadav : this is awesomeness game
alan george johnson : very nice game
mohmmad ahmed : it is a good game
shalini verma : great game to play
ahmed : game that i always wanted
a google user : it is really cool
ambuj dev singh : i love the game
al mahfuz siddique : good and makeshain better
milan mandal : adventure is my faviourite
omkar ashokkumar bhangare : awesome graphics v
jerome lintua : creative
jupaka jayasree : love the graphics
a google user : love it great game
thisisforrachel dank : this is lit
a google user : nice game play
zim luke : a great snowboard game
hilmi shanavas : its great and relaxing
alen george : nice and relaxing music
a google user : the music is awesome
g1 clar : nice to be play in this game
a google user : it is very amazing
justin martin : its fun and addicting
a google user : marvelous and peaceful music
alex montoya : the graphics are amazing
a google user : its a cool game
shahed rahman : it is a nice game
a google user : i love this game
juan magdaleno : short replay value
jake harrison : great graphics and gameplay
a google user : this game is awesome
anshuman : best offline game
cube tutorial : very nice graphics
mohit kumar : i love this game
marwa mutasim : its a great game
a google user : sweet and amazing game
amisha jain : i find it soothing
deepti lakhera : this is good game
olyvier monteau : why a nice game
a google user : overall pretty good
homayoun aghaei : best of all
t tech : love this game
klyung l : great experience for play
naveen s : nice graphics and control
a google user : its pretty good
gokul guru : very nice game
blue 182 : beautifully made game
a google user : this game is cool
a google user : recommended
parkour kids : coolest game
dylan spence-anderson : so cool and awesome
a google user : my favourite game
infamous gamer : thanks mathis
anand anad : very nice game
active_bet2005 : the best ever
palguna chh : super game and simple
a google user : its an awesome game
a google user : it is fub and intresting
lamonte biggers : love it its fun
lilly swaroopa : pretty cool game
daniello arthesto daniello : cool
a google user : was very interesting
a google user : it is nice game
sayan saha : very nice game
a google user : this is the definition of fun
vihaan jain : amazingly peaceful and relaxing
sushant subba : love the games music
a google user : this game is to addictive
jaden alvarez : cool games
angel perez-gonzalez : very calm atm
ech : the best game
prasad shyam : fantastic intoxicating game
swag prime : on of the best games
a google user : this game is the best
debanand rajak : very attractive game
albert josiah hernandez : never tired of playing it
oscar castillo : i love this game
cj ninot a uy : awesome game and is wicked
enzo aguirre : i think great
rama mek : i love this game
friend ship : very soothing game
a google user : all round awesome
only fun videos : amazing app in the world
matthew simms : enjoying the game
righardt // xeno : very calm and addictive
a google user : such an a amazing game
luke morgan : i love the music
michelle king : is so relaxing
niqwa : love this so awesome
tushar suresh : as awesome game
dongchen xie : more features please
anuj kumar : melodious song love it
the boy jose : its cool and nice
bobby wit da tool : i love everything about it
a google user : amazing game of the year
dinesh singh : very nice game
amari dennis : is game is beautiful
raman chettri : is it the best
the clown : i love this game
ashutosh chaurasia & co. : i love to play it
rehmat fatema balsania : hi it is nice game
javier martinez : this is the best
mohammed ashif : graphics very nice
jahsir tanner : it is awesome thanks
kirthan kanchan : wow full of adventure
shagun deogharkar : what a game loved it
royalaj : very good game
a google user : its too good
a google user : this game is nice
xxxx dreadnot : calm and beautiful game
joe daly : calm backgrounds
idk : this is best for realxing
a google user : its good relaxing
a google user : it is kind of good
tracy miller : i love this game
sunita kumari : scenery is mind blowing
gokul sreekumar : its really attractive
a google user : i love this game
seven productions : this is amazing
mohamed yazid abdul rahim : its very fun
a google user : i enjoyed this game
walid azzaoui : what a beautiful game
malik khan : this is best game
mohammed mansoor muqeet : it is a great game
tushar chauhan : owsm game fabulous
a google user : it is best of all
a google user : beautiful and soothing experience
anonymous : its all good
killer man : i love this game
nataly rivera : it is super fun
mohd mujeeb : best game in the world
sanju rajan : its like a dream
hunter woolstenhulme : i think is good
deuce dredden : great game love it
kate you right it fake f : so relaxing loved it
nor nabila : georgian love it
rohit kshirsagar : the best game
sanjay patil : this cool game
charmaine b : awesome offline game
jyotirmayee sukula : very good graphics
a google user : really love it
jayanta alangbam : this game is beautiful
subhash singh : lt is a good game
daniel tyler : great and fun game
harshil mamgain : so smooth
a google user : very nice game
ananda sahu : in short it is best
chiagozem iheabunike : alto adventure is awesome
amirah mardhiah : i love this game
valerie : this game is amazing
mukul tekwani : very good graphics
a google user : very nice game
pink pearl : this game is the best
a google user : its nice game
ashik yaacob : relaxing cool
m g : very nice game
nitesh shrestha : really awesome game
levi pennington : this game is the best
jose sanchez : one of the best games
a google user : i love this game
aiden stalin : nice generally loved it
harshad vaviya : finally for android
shaheed mia : the game is great
robin bishnoi : good and really adventures
harry hawkins : was real lit
rene bannis : cool
a google user : the game is fun
n kaith : great graphics
channa keshav : very nice game
raj debnath : this is like a dream
a google user : this game is nice
baylen wright : the stunts are awesome
saniya jasuja : simple and easy game
anmol kaur : very nice game
a google user : very nice game
eveline harsono : smooth and good
obed laldawmsang : i love this app
aniketh sadak : awesome adventure
shaka deane : it is just great
3moor.r zz : very nice game
john utley : awesomeness of all awesome
amit varma : very addictive
a google user : i love the game
nanda manju kumar : this game is awesome
mark 107 : awsome and fun game
kingslayer : it is very creative
vanshita jain : i love this game
nish deshmukh : mind refreshing game
logamithiran007 logamithiran : i love this game
king kris : it cool and fun
hsameh mahmoud : very nice game
seeba mathew : it is very good game
jm sp : this game is awesome
captain jack sparrow : i love this game
a google user : very nice control
a google user : i love this game
a google user : this game is fun
bellville : this game is amazing
april earley : this game is cool
a google user : i love the game
a google user : i love this game
fire & ice : this game is amazing
a google user : this game is awesome
king alex#1 oreooo : i love this game
flick boi : good for tume pass
bryle kilantang : good graphics
oxen : relaxing
christel pongautan : because the
mohammed raheel : gameplay is phenomenal
bxdy swag : amazing powers of characters
akki roy : coolest game in the world
a google user : very good and rexing
naman malhotra : great relaxing game
jean vinel : very very fun
mailfreebird : good simple cool
thomas ward : i love the game
upendar singh : very good graphics
a google user : it is a nice apps
pc zzz : this game is awesome
bolt beast : i love this game
a google user : great game and graphics
kayla : perfectly simple and beautiful
shivam pundir : what a game amazing
reuben greenwood : bob ross loves it
anthony coleman : i love the game
susmita majumder : this is the best game
ethan irvin : good graphics
rikesh rokka : it is entertaining love itttt
vivek warjurkar : good graphics
deepak arora : very nice graphics
max : very beautiful game
a google user : very nice game
a google user : it is a best game
a google user : liked it very much
anne kiarie : this he is awesome
life, described by a 19 year old : always loved this game
yudh : really impressive graphics
hio5 hio5 : i love this game
a google user : this is an awesome game
piyush singh : cool
abhi manyu : good time pass
staleponytailz : so addictive
amit gupta : i love this game
a google user : it is a good game
a google user : this is the best game
khagen ramchiary : its really relaxing
a google user : i love this game
a google user : i love this game
kill me : it is fun af
finly dragneel : it so nice game
hafeez ur rehman khan : really cute
a google user : very nice game
a google user : best game to chill
rishi k : addicting music
cezar hernandez : smooth gameplay
wyatt bosse : damn fine timewaster
sizwe moabi : epic but memorable
randy : is nice and fun
mason hillman : awesome to play
radityo natanael : mindblowing graphics tho
makenzie harnage : i love this game
black hart rowe : i think it awesome
a google user : best game in world
everyone fan number1 : i love this game
a google user : this game is awesome i like it
foxy korbon : this game is good
a google user : altos odessey is better
kapoor chand jangir : very nice games
nason inerjit : it seems great
baboothebaoon rtx : the game is amazing
c luke : really cool to play
a google user : i think this is awesome
yimei bo : its so good
corazon osil : dis game is cool
camille perry : awesome game the best
a google user : this game is the coolest
frutty wow : beautiful themed game
ohene sintim : its just awesome
xavier zavala : straight forward fun
madhav chilukuru : very good game
ali jaid ansari : very nice game
luke richardson : it is really fun
ankit tiwari : nice fabulous good
varun singh chauhan : awsm addictive game
tawanda jones : so fun and challenging
richard metcalfe : the best quality
certified trashcan : extremely beautiful game
a google user : really good graphics
eoin lonergan : i love this game
a google user : great game play
a google user : i love this game
tenzin dorji : nice game ever
kim king : super chill and relaxing
jatin sharma : very nice game
a google user : its a great game
soumya prakash sahoo : my favourite game
a google user : the game is good
mounika srinivas : best timepass
trickhead : bestest snowboarding game
yash phutak : i love this game
a google user : awesome game i loved it
a google user : i love this game
brianna gindrow : i love the game
ryan punsalang : very nice game
maaz habib : this is fun game
pooja thakur : this is a good game
a google user : very lovely game
kenrick singh : amazing graphics and calm
harshvardhan thakre : hmmm nice game
sajal suman birua : hmm nice one
aira syazwina : this is are best game
tara foster : its awesome and i love it
joshua deagrella : it the best game
irfan farihin : the game are the best
you tube : loving it
a google user : i love the graphics
a google user : nice one in
aj paras : noodlecake
swati kale : its simply awsome
gulshan kaim : nice control and graphics
nathan king : i love this game
krishnaraj t s : one of the best ever
seema vats : this game is fantastic
dhdx hxxhx : i love this is game
suraya nabi : best look and music
a google user : it is so fun
dayzha gambz : it is then best
rodger : its brtty good
mangesh ohol : i love this game
topher romero : very calming and beautiful
gabby colli : this game is awesome
anais torres : i love this game
jagadish rajampeta : very good graphics
omar faruq : just relaxing and awesome
senpai xd : i love this game
jose gutierrez : preety good game
vaigunth r a : it very fantastic
venkatesh gudivada : its a good game
vikas kumar : very intresting game
sale : nice and relaxing game
a google user : very nice game
geovanny castillo : it is so cool
rock : i love the game
im just a man im just a guy : this game is romantic
naruto : add more features
aashish tripathi : best game on playstore
izaq fontana : preeeetttyyyy cool game
sonu kumar 002 : i love this game
denise hall : addicting as hell
lakisha mcquany : so peaceful to play
logan e : it was so cool
umme ayesha : it is very amazing
andy firecharger : nice graphics
a google user : it is a nice game
a google user : its sorduv cool
ved sawlani : intresting game
noelani wheaton : so addicting and fun
giovanni garcia : coon game
a google user : good offline game
vibes 254 : best one yet
lancealot houston : awesomeness great graphics
bilal khan : very nice game
jhason sanchez : challenging but fun
iron man : awesome adventure game
rupesh pujare : i love this game
zaghar : the best ever
aurmsi : its so fun
c.r. kuppusamy : best game in the world
goblin : superb love this game
nanipalli srinivas : really cool game
aryan raj : one of the fabulous game
harjit singh : it is fantastic
a google user : i love graphics
calthropus : very relaxing game
sanjaya senarathna : high quality graphics
deva narayanan : you are great abhinand
john : that is it
scs020 - hadkar avdhut : i love this game
a google user : good interesting to play
timez unknown : fun even on offline
tott tott : i love this game
onkar thete : the amazing game
kamilio saad : its very fantastic
a google user : very nice game
abdul bara : nice graphics
ravi yadav yadav8866 : i love this game
a google user : i love the game
a google user : i think it is awesome
aswin : nice and elegant graphics
gadiyar vaibhavi : amazing game loved it
a google user : i love the game
a google user : it is really fun
sgt.ketchup : it is a awesome game
paula larkin : i love this game
veena narasimha : nice gaming experience
jeevan singh : i love the game
a google user : it is very interesting
a google user : this game is cool
raviteja nagapatla : simply superbbb game
jocelyn williams : good graphics and game
kk tan : highly recommended to play
a google user : this is a nice game
a google user : what a nice game
a google user : nice bg music
a google user : awsome as hell
boil bkrv : great graphics and gameplay
a google user : easy addictive
rishav sharma : best game of the year
a google user : this game is awesome
a google user : always loved this game
kameron cook : really pretty and fun
austin burrell : the game was amazing
itz_ andrew : realy asome
shaurya vats : im in luv with this game
a google user : very relaxing game
ashlyn gee : hi this is a good app
abdul razak zaiden : i love this game
ramesh sannegowda : smooth soothing experience
ricky : good snowboarding game
kaka mahesh : smooth game is nice
farzana begum : it is a good game
uddin pad : love this game
kamo shopho : i love this game
a google user : very good game
vaishnav : very nice game
a google user : its a nice game
miles overbey : this game is cool
caleb oden : freaking awesome game
a google user : it is a adventure game
a google user : i love this game
a google user : i love this game
mihir gawaikar : loved it
hassan khan : very good music
himanshu shukla : beautiful graphics
gabriel arcebuche : very relaxing
gil : i love this game
davester : love the concept
sharan r : well done for f2p
a google user : really a passionate game
yess ass : it was great
brandy noriega : i love the music
ken dunn : cool
a google user : it as great graphics
rohan patel : really good graphics
ichal kecil : very nice graphic
sakthi senthil : i love this games
fireluigi studios : awesome game to play
anshuman singh : good editor choice
sohan sanjay : very nice game
a google user : this is the best game
vivek prasad : great music play
yuva vanama : superb and cool game
jena bhagvat : nice in one word
mchllscrln : really love this game
j. refah : amazing graphics
a google user : its good and peacefull
a google user : asowme gameplay superb
seth : this is thw best game
nishant rai : nice soothing game
amr tantawii : exactly what i needed
taher thr : best game to relaxation
harshit sharma : its my favourite
vishal thakur : loved it so much
culvin charles : love this game awesome
a google user : it is so cool
shiv joshi : shiv is game loved it
hitesh solanki : i love this game
subhodeep : awesome game in the world
brother araneta : the app is nice
technical bots hacks : a good app
saurav kumar gupta : i love the game
nibir abir : best gaming experience
kasia musialik : i love this game
neetesh bhatnagar : gorgeous addictive and relaxing
a google user : absolutely great grafics
sami is me : it was very interesting
a google user : greater tome use
paritosh gupta : great game addictive
akash chatra : greatest game in playstore
robert sierra : great game i loved it
elad cohen : fun and intuitive
sahil lotliker : i love this game to much
ifeanyi amize : impressive on all grounds
r. jain : really nice and peaceful
a google user : i love the game
vikas : best game to play
a google user : woah this is insanely fun
a google user : worlds best game
tom anderson : fancy whoosh
tamanna habeebte : love the calm music
rishi raj : very nice game
kolhapur hackers : nice one game
nitesh kumar : wow very attractive
seema lokur : it is awsome
a google user : this is an amazing game
boogieklik : great game
aqsam chaudhary : i love this game
rahul somani : its an awesome game
kamal iit chemistry kamal iit chemistry : nice relaxing game
a google user : very good and peace
divyanshu shekhar : wonderful game loved it
kat : amazeballs it so cool
donald jewell : i love this game
afaq sherwani2012 : i love this game
david unay : i love the game
mukesh bathani : the story is awesome
a google user : it is good game
evan park_ : this game is awesome
a google user : totally awesome
a google user : very beautiful game
kumar bhivgade : cool
a google user : it is very fantastic
okhifo kelvin : really cool game
varsha mehta : i liked this game
a google user : great game tbh
void x : best game of the year
shivam sharma : good for time pass
tushar verma : really nice game
ayesha shahzad : this is a good game
a google user : it was pretty cool
nazmul haque : i love this game
a google user : idk its cool
rami bsikri : ixncvzf cooooool
hendrawan s : very challenging
qui lan yong : the best lol
jass kaur : very nice graphics
ananya kishore : so calm and serene
vipin pandya : very nice game
g kurnia : this game is fun
emerson h. : especially the music
terrell king : i love this game
jesse letner : i love this game
christopher russell : i love this game
tapas polireddi : flight in air
wild western cowboy : the best graphics
rajwinder singh : it is very good game
a google user : i think that it is good
mary wallace : lots of action
david kang : amazing graphics
brett godfrey : the game is great
naved ali : good not that bad
matija juranovic : waiting for more upgrades
katriona guthrie-honea : as above
laddu siriya : best game love it
woif counsei : music is so awesome
derek idk : i love this game
nagavarapu kv sai srinivas : very nice experience
janamejay singh : good for time pass
yashraj dam : great game
gurwinder singh : this game is awesome
abyaz gamer : this game cool
a google user : this game is beautiful
danish atwal : very good app
harsh patil : really nice game
priti tripathi : it is nice game
a google user : cool timepass game
nessa begaye : i think this game is awesome
a google user : this is a cool game
jj the great : so cool to play
a google user : perfect time killer
zenoof : such a beautiful game
juanuel suarez : this game is the best
yoswa prasetya : good games everrrr
a google user : very good app
a google user : i love this game
yazeed flear : it is really nice
dave dornsbach : it is an awesome game
gaurav shrestha : great game addictive
omprakash : nice game cool
a google user : this game is intresting
a google user : best game in this earth
meg : very cool and awesome
nitu patil : its really nice
. : such a nice game
nur hafriz : the best game ever
fernando kafati : its really good
yohan lobo : background sound is nice
show gaming : very nice game
daniel r : challenging but addicting
gamer knight 100 : the game is great
yamuna poudel : very nice game
itzjust_nic _ : so freaking relaxing
l0rd_alkanphel twitch : great game
salsabil mazumder : graphics is very impressive
anil ak : incredible
lord beerus : awesomeness at its best
subash pyakurel : very nice andcool
a google user : amazing work team
a google user : nice picture to game
dean sally : love this game
harshit ralhan : lovely full of love
absolute unit : very smooth graphics
si media : this game is amazing
harsh bhatia : this is a awesome game
colline ade : a great game
rumit bodhe : i love this game
kartikey gawthe 21msac9 : garphics is prity nice
jake lewandowski : peace among you
veena agarwal : this game is awesome
a google user : really good
govind jadhav : thanks
narendra singh sengar : very nice game
saikat rahman : music is just awesome
phil : it is a good game
narendra jain : great game
koala bear:3 : love graphics
nhlamulo nkuna : love it love this game
a google user : it was a cool cool game
sabbia guy : love it good grafics
abha sahai : loved the graphics
max johnson : love this game
a google user : nicw game this game was relaxing
a google user : nice game and cute game
a google user : very very interesting game
google nexus 6p : very nice game
caleb karanja : the title
rao manish : i love it game beca
joe torres : cool asf
abhi saberwal : loved the game
jonathan wilson : good and fun to play
divyansh kumar : graphics are unbelievable
hritik asati : very nice game
suresh panchal : good graphics
whitley waters : this game is a fun game
grog neck : relaxing.
marjan maharoof : relaxing.
narayana reddy vakamalla : it's nice
a google user : it's good
anubhav : loved it.
just gading : relaxing.
souvik dey : relaxing.
joseph smith : loved it.
nikko frattarelli : relaxing.
talsync : loved it.
dyot tripathi : relaxing
connor irv. : it's lit
abdullah hasib : hmm.not bad.fine
rentedhuman : add customization things
a google user : perfect game?
jerry l : cool.
angela harris : cool.
ali ahmed milon : best.nice.
pawneedeb : game won't start
minimech 1123 : it was aight.
c t : a lot of skiing.
eddy : awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!
hitendra mishra : relaxing nd soothing
archangel : ads? no thanks. uninstalled!
arijit baidya : it's""" very """"good :-)
sayan dx : cool ;)
a google user : best game ever worth it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sugandha kumar : are you people bribed to rate it five stars???
a google user : loved it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cyrus wang : it iz awesome
a google user : i love this game i love this game
wasim shahnawaz : very good game
joseph green : its awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
a google user : very very very nice game
sandra dotson : its so so so awesome
berry pratama : whats new on the updates?
joe potter : really cool game loved it
prashant hooda : rate this app...
genard nonesa : cool
uswatun hasanah : cool..
jayasaran s : too small to play :(
vishwajeet singh : it's really ausome.
a google user : relaxing .....
allaudin ansari : is this game is offline?
daksh shinde : relaxing
lavesh rampurkar : hate hate hate
jessfinesse : i did this bc i was bored happy?
mushtaba azizi : art is a explosion
a google user : ~the best ~
sudeepta banerjee : this game sucks to the core
rosy rose : i played it in argos and was hooked
the duck on some quack : this game and one of the worts
a google user : it is everything u need
yadhu philip : make off line games
devonta smith : see the new w
a google user : tell us what you think
legend marz : with a if katli and a massi dadly
vivek singh : this game is mind freshner
shabber vasan : red cross country
dimitris villiotis : chill game to play when board
jake kelly : ch vgghvhu encyclical the
mks kalaiyarasan : i like it its therii
ashit jhingan : bst graphics remembrance of something
rendy awanda s. : please add more backsound
mohd khan : 1 of da bst game
a google user : i think this game is adventures
jaya praveen : otha thevidiya mathiri erruku
z-9 -sypher : i think it can be intence
ayhem sellami : i relax when playin the gam
jean roman : dope game to play
aldrin mateo : this game was addicting
mystical_wispy : overall its an adicting game
jahaan vasaya : my brother tell me for this a
krishna sahoo : please release alto odyssey
gamer 3507 : i lo ve this gane
adrian estrada : its a really addicting game
arijit paul : everyone should play this game
a google user : make so it controls easeir
chirag singla : very very sucker game
marble w : i want the link to the youtube
a google user : i think it is open world
pankaj dhar dubey : awosem game i played
m gull khan : i like this type of game
gygantis gaming : moose and the flying ink machine
kaustubh chaugule : tell us what you think
a google user : it really grows on you
idk anything : this game is awesime
savita singh : this is the game of my
thug live : i like its graphics
dani : the grafics and phisics are asome
chong lik yuen : cant even open the game
adarsh kumar : background is related to background music
jec71 moto : takes so long to download
a google user : thank you editor choice
charlene wanjiku : who could ask for more
jet hopkins : this game sucks
patrick john peralta : should have more characters
a google user : it is a time passing game
edward meador : wowdid not see that
kash sierra : aldo rules of all lamas
yash meena : i like music of this game
gemma record : takes long to install
scrudmaster17 kotz : i play the game a lot
a google user : this game is ur mum fat
varsha rani : it is a very gud game
a google user : all should take this game
timothy cox : a blast of a game to play
gtasa gtasa : how can i play in multiplayer
itzmejim - : plss ad an new places
gulab pal : it is an awesom game
ravinder kumar : this is a super additive game
kailash nath : i have never played this
a google user : omg download thus app
a google user : every people try this game
a google user : thanks noodle cake studios
christian james raquion : set standards on what a game should be
namrata agrawal : asom this game is full of adventures
charlie hiron : well its a game
a google user : its super but the controls
suma .r. kampli : this game neds1percent of improvement
a google user : i like his graphics
a google user : i think that us advance
a google user : i like this game and it is epic
muhammad danish danial : the bezt game eva
a google user : super game in my mobile
bano franklen : incridible and hardest game ever
apurv gupta : control and game to more updates
neel parekh : yo this game is op
a google user : this game is so addictave
raditya nugraha : i like the graphic
vinod jagota : cool ...
citronebob : great graphics and fvx
ramu allu : it's awesome
carina tapia : relaxing and great graphics
arunabh singh : too good for relaxing
da lol train bra : litty 10/10 game
andd tyoo : its an art
colin kuruvilla : nyc graphics..
a google user : make the both games linked ..when we swipe right on home screen another
game should start ...it only gives link to the play store
padmasri s : simply it
scardome 0 : very cool and relaxing
surendra sinha : good game play
eskil xhebro : great graphics
hiralal mandal : the best game
ankit ghosh : very good game
jeff kristoffer : this is perfect
himun trehan : great graphics and music
baikam dajel : awesome game play
griffith barton : great gameplay and graphics
shehin faisal : great graphics
wolayat quadry : its so relaxing
sangeetha iyer : i love the music
danielle carradorini : it is fun and relaxing
evi dedja : great graphics
adrian casero : watafuk is a claw game?
mantra dewata : can u make run game like this?
bardia yaghoobi : i dont play it
reaper gaming : awesome gameplay
kyriakos sal : great music
eat your cereal : very relaxing
bo hernandez : great graphics
aditya bhadoriya : great graphics
kvenkat sai : simple and nice
johnny zoom 7 and the noise keepers : great game
amber wells : fantastic and relaxing
fahad bin saleem : for the peaceful gaming
taylor zoll : great gameplay
a google user : very cool
joseph rich : relaxing music
shanta alexander : cool music
mf mahfuz : nice graphic
aysha shahasan aadhl : thanks for all
a google user : thats amazing
royman borges : pretty good
zyad ashraf : best graphics
prashan pramuditha : its awosome
ram krishna awale : ithinkthelastfewminuteswalkfromtheuk.ihavebeenawhile.howtogetthebestwaytogetthebestwaytogetthebestwayforustodoit.ihavebeenawhile.ihavebeenawhile.56556theuk.ihavebeen
amir mn : its god :|
rafti rahman : them graphics
teh mi : is there any cloud save feature?
kevingameingchannel 2 : i'm downloading it
sheetal jain : richfield's turkey
eric owusu-gyan : in my alltime greats
piyush agrahari : woo this game verygood
ajay bisht : my favrout game
nivedita sharma : woosh what a heck of a game
frankie kistner : did not play it
a google user : you upgrade this game
washim ali : this game is awasome
aziz ben hafsia : it s awsomee
k.r. joshi : this game sucks
moreshwar thorave : the game of gamerz
noah kenworthy : thank you for making it
a google user : his name is prathameah
theone xxkingdenomationxx : the first time
bananaplaysps4 :p : chillest game of the year
a google user : thanks for this game
a google user : its should havepatiecence
rahil khan : its just awasome
a google user : so funny app
sonu choudhary : this game is awosome
awsome gangster : the graphics tho
sanchit acharya : not played yet
srinivasu pusala : super game in world
kavisha perera : its not downloading
avinash : game its ok
can of beans : just epically epic
chaitanya kumar : its very super
tj knowledge : super game and action
kennedy mwangi : this is a legit game
rakesh taletiya : it is called a game
sagar patil : poor editor choice
aaila rasool : i installed it once
angel cervantes : download this dam game
thanish vamsi : a marvel of gaming
gatosland : i like this company
ayush mahajan : not enough by neess
joachim o'driscoll : needs a bit more
i like turtles : its alright
a google user : ist coll the beste
mishal a : no ads please
a google user : just install it already
lone len : one of fav games
anthony loguercio : as fuhhh
golok biswas : very thank you
tarena baxin : this is so gay
a google user : wow suuperool game
avlakos : takes ages to download
ashok lamba : thik thik hai
vijay pandya : bakvas game in the world
jashwanth 245 : cherry
a google user : this game is ausnm
i play with kermit the frog : thanks for making this game
imran raffique : it is more than that
arbaz khan : need to use mind
krishanpal singh ranawat : say thank for me
saicharan udayagiri : not up to the level
a google user : this game is a savage
anil kumar chinna : no finished yet
haitham mos : youssif haitham mostafa
amritansh dubey : similar to istunt 2
a google user : super speceas app
karthik raj : its a apple game
shadakshari p.h : super game in world
satwinder kaur : it is very hard
jainesh raju : this game is awesone
a google user : i relax when playing
muhammet fatih polat : just play and relax
divya sree : its super to play
a google user : the graphics are febulaus
sara dominguez : its me
monisha behary : i like the view of the games
kushagra sharma 19 : father of all game
abhilash dasari : makes up the mood
a google user : whoa massively addictevely
annette george : add more locations
harish kumar : please update it
latinos are sexy af ugh : this game calms
mohammed sameer : make mutiplayet race
a google user : this game i lovw it
yash agarwal : very aadictive game
tushar chauhan : o it is awesom
shubham patrekar : this game is at the
a google user : i look this game
damian neal : its alright
aayush gamer : less r.a.m.takeing game
tony foster : its on android
el brian : its alright
volodymyr hamotskyi : i think yes
a google user : noodle cake is back at it
petit traz : infinite relax snowboarding
rohit garg : game of the year 2016
appalanaidu 61174 : nise graphic and control
amit khanna : add something new in it
muhammad hamid : super wicked bruh
mazharul islam : mind freshing game
a google user : update new places
a google user : it is the way of the game
samuel carvajal : it was an epic experience
andrew crandall : i think it is dope
venu karthik : some what like a game
a google user : it is not downloading
magic. com : this game suks
a google user : a short review
a google user : very nnyc gamee
nur chulis : add monster please
satyam singh : felt a special connection
a google user : i am fond of this
a google user : super game in the world
jennifer gunter : watch out for the rock
a google user : this game is amazingl
danish iman iman : this game is funny
saran bhatta : i cant download it
focus point photographs : pls wait
naw htwe : this game sucks
a google user : its really explosive
a google user : everything i want in a gqme
jayden dent : its about snow boarding
a google user : bestgame iever played
m k : the game is super
a google user : it sucks dick
a google user : it sucks six
mareemootoo ozen : need more world
geeta dubey : just a freaking game
tony : for real tyms
ibrahim chaudhary : this game nic
itscrytios : make it free on apple
prithwish ghosh : a new concept
black panther : not played yet
vishalkumar vakil : going sleeping nowhere
20-384 fonza farzanna : i dont think anything!!!
vishnu raj : not even loading on my zenfone?
a google user : boring
a google user : hated it
manish agarwal : it needs a story mode huh noodlecake?
a google user : cool
andre claassen : cool
nyanu sylvian : top
sridhar v : boring
a google user : great game
ravichandiran m : great graphics
noor mohamed : beautifully crafted
anuj kumar : very peaceful
zhrek_ : its awsome
a google user : great game
aydin ries : great game
letsplay life : it great
a google user : relaxing music
xd ivan : bless you
zebastian ballen : love this game
a google user : its good
a google user : dreamy world
a google user : easy to play
a google user : this game is the best
ashutosh singh : really soothing
amod sheth : addictive game
vikas ks : mind blowing
bagus heryoko : very relaxing
youssef elouafi : simply beautiful
vincent vargas : it is fun
skeleton arca : pretty awesome
a google user : cool beans
norbu rinchen : mind blowing
mohamed daby : simply perfect
a google user : good graphic
zulfikar surjo : good app
the trash bag : so awsome
lonneka charles : it is great
amauree peguero : very addictive
rahul miyatra : best graphics
a google user : it is fun
martin richie rodriguez : its cool
seymur quliyev : great game
t 81 : absolutely loved it
claudia c. : great game
a google user : the best
harman singh 04 : this is very intersting
a google user : great game
swag se sikho : its good
yogesh kumar : great scenery
a google user : great game
batjargal : great graphics
kick ass : love the music
prafulla bane : nice sound
a google user : the best game
aryan kale : love this game
a google user : its cool
a google user : good in raphips
eliza viljoen : great game
paco mendoza : the best
a google user : great music
gautam bajaj : very addictive
seema sharma : best graphics
noore rishan : awesome graphics
a google user : nice graphics
njeru jack : really cool
masika sebele : its fine
mr. s : awsome game
coraline glover : really good
akash verma : best music
a google user : good games on it
the verge sky : cool game
alishea afsa : very addictive
a google user : simply superb
mykola prokopchuk : really fun
a google user : great game
shoaib's vault : totally awesome
aditya pandit : mind blowing
ian mindreau : fun and beautiful
eagle feather : good graphics
lazy lemons fb : amazing graphics
a google user : i love this
erick martinez : it was fun
a google user : it was cool
ari p : great game
rajpreet singh : better that best
himanshu sharma : cool game
george jose : good graphics
vandana meshram : great game
derick sanchez : great game
jatin kumar : fast and furioa
krazy boiii : its good
a google user : cool sik
emrul quaes : very addictive
dorell elkins : it is cool
ashiii : great game
cellaa : really fun
felipe : amazing graphics
a google user : great game
charlie specht : its good
basim shukry : great game
souvik bhattacharya acoustic : very relaxing
a google user : its good
naithaneal webshet : cool game
a google user : love this game
a google user : hottest geam
dark : great graphics
sydul islam : great game
a google user : simple and nice
y b tarun : preety exciting
josh phil : great game
levani kvachantiradze : the best
endrit shabani : the best
a google user : awsome game
a google user : it was fun
hydroplastic : beautiful graphics
anmol jain : very relaxing
abhayjyoti nath : wonderful gameplay
logan lee : it is cool
el frijolero : addictive game
a google user : great game
moon k chetry : great game
punk : awsome and delightful
abdel moustajab : great game
ra dha : great game
dark prince : very relaxing
harsh jha : good controls
a_rainbowz gaming : great game
a google user : very cool
meiyappan periyakaruppan : nice to play
ghii ann : great game
abhinav : nice gameplay
hema bp : very relaxing
surya prakash : relaxing musix
imagiman : really calming
yahye zanyare : great app
markos halaq : great graphics
shannen mae del rosario : addictive game
beya seghaier : its good
sunil chakole : great game
keane emmanuel : the best
nevroruler9 : this is awesome
swarali tawde : awesome gameplay
a google user : lit asf
smit gohel : great game
pichaimuthu pichaimuthu : fast go
a google user : great game
smilla oden : great game
dylan lloyd : it is so cool
vineet shirke : this is best game
a google user : its great
khutso kutumela : its relaxing
myriam medina : the best
bharat barve : soothing game
mindi hartley : its lit
sameer rath : mind blowing
patricia wilson : great app
potaytoo the human : very relaxing
yagami light : awesome as clint
a google user : very relaxing
isah suleiman : amazing graphics
parul hudiyal : awsome game
mirza asgar : good graphichs
kumar surender : best outfit
a google user : great games
a google user : love the graphics
craig ferguson : the best
jees jr : great graphics
adam giovia jr : great and beautiful
a google user : simply enjoy it
jeruzeial 17 : music is lovely
gauri sankar ab : good graphics
a google user : pleasurable game
pallavi jayaprakash : great game
jewel : good and better
a google user : this is the be best
cir3lo : its lit
jzylin : cool game
a google user : really awesome
mustakim kabir ratno : best of the game
shikha garg : this is best
nope dont watch : great game
romulus : very beautiful
a google user : nice graphics
maskyco : awsome game
john gavia : amazing from a youtuber
kendrick : this is the best
cooper g : cool game
saeed jafari : simply wonderful
daquon cheadle : this is awesome
rahul singh : pretty good
alisha shibu : smooth music
abhijit mazumder : great game
shivam engle : good sound
rob : very cool
bobby teal 4 : awesome and fun
clark juguilon : the best
a google user : this is a good game
debra hart : loved it
amartya hazra : good graphics
a google user : very interesting
lok babu : perfect game
rupesh vanju : good graphics
jio : its good
a google user : very relaxing
james ingram : great game
a google user : best timepass
a google user : great graphics
jithesh joseph : nice graphics
thabo skosana : witness the funk
a google user : its cool
jahir khan : great graphics
rohan r : awsome loved it
a google user : it is a great
joshua rivers : awesome graphics
daniel pallwitz : great game
lawrence oliver : great game
baishnabi nayak : nice looking
home connect : great graphics
a google user : its great
a google user : fun tho
a google user : it was the best
jailin willis : great game
madan gopal g : outstanding game
the guerrero's : good graphics
drakpa gyeltshen : the best
md rafi uz zaman : very relaxing
isaiahmurillo : great game
subhojit barman : lovely gameeeee
kaushal kumar gupta : great game
sophia b : great game
titus tysinger : great app
a google user : sexy app
brayden day : great game
bossvic channel : this is the best game
jamie portillo : great game
trevont lloyd : love this game
a google user : this is a cool game
rk rohith : great game
shane trfon : nice graphics
joshua robinson : great game
labron dennison arahanga : its cool
a google user : great game
ahmed .i : really fun
anurag appu : veary good
random : boom great
a google user : addictive and realistic
rehoboth the studio : great gameplay
wicho winklaar : is great
amar soliman : amazin graphics
a google user : it is the best
mike fennimore : addictive and fun
jihadul islam : great app
jashandeep singh : awsome game
a google user : best of game
arya akash : beautiful and cool
p srikanth : thank u
a google user : this is fabulous
rishabh singh : awesome love it
a google user : great game
adrian andre : speed increase
a google user : incredible game
aniruddh srivastava : great game
a google user : great game
alex thao : its great
mr. lonely : its good
game x : its good
edward kenway : great game
shawanna jackson : love the controls
meytialatab5885 alatab : thanks again
anurag rai : cool game
josh hollywood : lots of fun
a google user : its awsome
manoj singh yadav : great graphics
canton jordan : its relaxing
kodie corpuz : good graphic
carla monroe : the best
a google user : it is fun as
taman bhatti : great graphics
a google user : great game
maslingga suryantara : its good
elyakim nathan orizaga : awesome afictive
paravej paravej : this is best
joshua ryan : very peaceful
a google user : this game
snehit reddy gurram : the best
mahendra naxane : mind blowing
a google user : great game
north snake : love the game
savita karmaran : great game
mohammed ramees : good graphic
abhishek mahar : its good
gaurav yadav : relax with fun
peter ulbricht : amazing graphics
ghost ruby : love this game
jaspal virdi : it is nice
ranjeet jain : love the game
ganesh mhz : super and simple
a google user : it is fun
v-jay curugan : very cool
guma : really calm
gianna osorio : its good
hriatpuia ralte : its great
dinesh k : good performance
rahul roy : great game
josue martinez : its good
bryan johnson : awesome and cool
hammaad saldin : great game
aryan 5624 : mind blowing
dabois : love the graphics
jaya prakash : pretty cool
maurice romaire : fantastically exciting
heetik kumar : great graphics
marwan yasser : great game
clay 95 : perfect relaxation
a google user : it is fun
firman dholoz 04 : love this game
sean dziuk : its awesome
anthony : awesome graphics
heben soto : its good
chad coons : its awesome
abu yousuf md abdullah : great game
abu sentamu : very calming
yogesh j : great game
achu mass : the speed
t.k naveen : absolutely wonderful
michael gustavson : simple and beautiful
news 24byte : its good
sree's infinity world : sound is beautiful
rommel boquiron : cool graphics
ini oluwa : great game
fletcher : great game
s : good graphics
vishakha parikh : its good
a google user : great game
mathew stephen : its good
aska guyette : amazingly awesome
arun thomas : thank u
pramod kumar : love the playstore
alif fahrezyana : great game
rampal sharma : this is awsome
adia richard : pretty good
jason silva : peacefull game
mason bowen : love is in the air
mohammad monir hossain rokon : its good
asmy muhammad : so exciting
a google user : its good
michael della : really great
a google user : best music
a google user : its good
amey singh : beautiful and soothing
a google user : great game
v. k. mishra : great game
abhishek pal : mind blowing
11b 14 saahid. thonduru : nice graphics
vicky chaurasia : love this game
jagan srinivasan : awesum graphics
trenton washington : this is awesome
saurabh singh : awesome app
a google user : it is so relaxing
lil autism : fun and addictive
ashutosh mishra : cool animations in it
thang puii : beautiful graphics
a google user : totally awesome
pv john : great game
2713 spencer rodrigues : very soothing
master yoda : pretty good
eric sylvania : amazing graphics
joemer alcantara : relaxing app
robbie bailey : it great
nicholas harshey : amazing graphics
abhinay vasisth : very cool
resentmentt : pretty crispy
samarth dimri : great game
jimmy francis : awesome cuz
sahil malik : love the music
r a : good clarity
hans lagman : nice graphics
ajim : easy to control
rohdayne edwards : great game
prema latha : awesome marvelous
mohammad negahban : this is brilliant
adithya : great game
we listen everything : very cool
abolfazl : really good
mr asphaltqhd : very relaxing
a google user : relaxing and cool
manuel ramos : cool
b. saddler : it is fun
lc lc : addicting and fun
pankaj jha : very cooooool
ephrahim christian : simply awesome
aryan powale : simple and interesting
nolan phillips : too simple
dhanushkar dhanush : nice to play
kane kennedy : great game
a google user : absolutely addictive
a google user : good graphic
vishnu vardhan : nice graphics
miforce zone : great gameplay
pikachu luvs : great game
jaheim bain : calm and addictive
gab perocho : pretty music
royal pranav : good graphics
dr.pinakin dodia : nice and addictive
rosy gounden : very cool
a google user : simply super
momien sheikh : thanks
review manager & vlog : relaxing mind
adish muhammed : great game
manju raja : so challenging
jack barker : it is great
blake harvey : cool
swinitha abeygunasekera : greatest game
kamlesh kumar : very powerful
a google user : awesome graphics
the amb : nice gharphic
armed shoot : cool game
karthivashan k v : good graphics
mr. sabu : simply awesome
a google user : love the gam
a google user : what a scenary
m m : good graphics
deepak kumar : simple and sweet
fayez ismail : the best
sarita rajani : loved it a lot
mouein khallouf : its cool
a google user : best graphics
aayush kadian : love it all
vinita luhana : amazing graphics
frost : great game
therecon3 : great game
the benefactor : sexy graphics
yedhu krishnan p : nice graphics
a google user : experienced game
dominic marinelli : very relaxing
sajal barman : i love this
avinash rajput : stress buster
home doings and acu points : awesome soundtrack
sanjay kotiya : good graphics
christopher buwembo : so addictive
judith lopez : great game
michael angelo : great game
beep boop : very cooooool
diego silva valencia : love this game
a google user : good graphics
kato herman sekidde : great graphics
shiva kumar : greatest game
grizzly giganto : really relaxing
videshi kevat : is a best
aman bhoi : superb graphics
radi t : great game
ridham patel : fully adventurous
crystal gray : awesome graphics
a google user : it is cool
wheels cringe : awesome overall
focusoccer : so beautiful
smaug : great game
rohan choudhary : relaxing music
riad ftouh : amazing background
sourav kumar : the superb
39.snehal kashyap : very relaxing
stephanie wilson : awsome graphic
ray fadley : cool
a google user : very relaxing
naween kumar sharma : great game
a google user : pretty cool
nikolai morozov : love the music
hero barazani : good graphic
bhaskar tarai : great game
thejasgeorge thejas : mind blowing
cisco castro : great game
ankit negi : simply great
akhilesh kumar : nice sound
a google user : iv loved this
andrew daniels : dynamics are great
jesse jackson : great game
mairly atana : cool graphic
yeminhtet54698 yeminhtet54698 : good graphic
samar saha : its cool
a google user : its awesome
sukumar devadas : simply super
ivan bizyukov : great game
tharaka samarasinghe : great graphic
macmillan : love the music
pusparaj sinh vaghela : cool
sri jaya durga ceramics : nice and simple
a google user : it is interesting
noah joao : great game
virendra singh shekhawat : nicely made
gruffydd saunders : pretty chill
tejus tejaswini : adictive
c b : it was lit
ania trebicka : love this game
tilak raghunandan : nice to play
prasanna thangaraja : awesome graphics
joe wells : love the game
ash p : absolutely beautiful
alien : good install it
pew pew nova : love the game
tony : very relaxing
a google user : simply awesome
a google user : i love this
jay : amazing graphics
michael bridgewater : very addictive
noir glaive : the best
iqbal masih : beautiful garaphics
danny quach : very calming
mohd safwan : cook
kristina mae sible cagara : its cool
anson yap : good app
a google user : fantastic wow
yakub bashir : now that's a game
tatyana wells : lovee this game .
naomi hoydonckx : awesome gameplay
dwip datta : awesome just awesome waiting for alto's adventure 2
parvathi ramesh : i m the move move it and shake it
sheikalesha s : very very very super game
pratishth walia : pls make it free for apple
lamont white : its like a taco from taco bell
warheadboy warsome : oh yes oh yes 0
a google user : when/where is update for android??
jayram kewat : this game is best.
f2004_ain sofea : huh i hope can open it
gamingpug petrowski : beast
richard kirk : absolutely crap
a google user : damn soothing
jason fenner : boring
ali bizhandi : boring
annclaire cooper : my son lovers it!!
subify : 4/16/22 well yes it's 4/16/22
abdul moiz : i dont think anything.....
ms t- : the music <3
james arnold : good good graphics
lincoln keeble : this app is amazing
fick : the best of the best
john montgomery : fun and addicting
anandhu p pillai : its good its good
raahim rauf rathore : this is a nice game
curtis j mcco : great game
a google user : good thing
giriraj jaju : addiction
rafael mernique barbieri : relaxing
michael bushy : love it and addicted to it
ah shahria : the best beast
jonathon b. : coins? no thanks.
a google user : relaxing
siddharth ts : exhilarating
david ureno : relaxing
muhammad affan : relaxing
superdinogamer gaming : cool
im super godly : relaxing
sohail1234 h : addictive
cecilia desselle : cool
a google user : cool
daniel bell-gam : relaxing
mark alwin diego : cool
a google user : the controlls are sh**
a google user : when will alto's odyssey be released?????
sumana upadhayay : hmmm lick it call me ???
fakhrul 1212 : this game is bestttt!!!
cric predictor 11 : wow! what a game...
jonax'z madrid : exciting nervous
a google user : nice and nasty
syed shahed qudri : interesting and difficult
iamrockyplays : update the blockheads please do it!!!!!
blue machine : ?? what will you do??
d3co : 10 out of 10 ign
lover boy : omg it's finally on android!!!!!
blayne parsons : relaxing
dipexa narodia : ski safari and this game are same!!!!!!
youtubesafin : this is my favourite game ever........ i love it.....
jake trepanier : it's dope for real!!!!!!
emilia the raven demon : i used to play the game and i just re-installed it and like the whole background is green. like everything is green! i cant even see the rocks! im like blind jumping here.
renaldi : play it. just play it.
adham doman : boring
nathan hartwell : boring
andrew bond : boring
debarshi majee : hate
yasin musani : boring
joestarr : boring
rj babao-empig : boring
viswajith vp : boring
anand senthil : boring
medo ahmed : addiction
muhammad vawda : boring
calum orbell : boring
philip young kim : hate it
bleh heh : hated it
kevin saenz : hate it
gowsal khan : boring
or ballistic : beast
seila kapetanovic : boring
rahul a : boring
nilima das : hated it
kels bridges : hate it
daniel rogic farias : boring
aniket das : boring
cayden masters : to boring
a google user : horrible
i'll be ok soon : boring
sangita goel : boring
dhanya madhu : hated it
cherry mobile : boring
salma mahmoud : boring
omarion taylor : boring
a google user : hated it
a google user : hate it
ashya ash : boring
ashwin singh : addiction
vv : meditated
sultan ilyas arsalillah : addicted
david briscoe : hate it
senddevon : boring
gourav verma : boring
dman 2404 : boring
dragon singh : hate it
cyborg gaming : hate it
jack noob : boring
milanis : boring
denis : boring
alexander elfrieden : boring
rupesh singla : hate this
pallav ojha : hated
a google user : ohhh yea!
adnan sakib : very awasome game..
united states air force : *what i call a game*
hasan emad : add more characters..
sachin kadam : ,,z,hhf thanks dada
a google user : cool$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$"$$$$$$
bossman youtube : your game should have not been created all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
devendra borse : don't download
gagarin rout : timepass game.
avdhut tech gadekar : tati graphics
john peter martin : it's very hard
dave chongle : its on android :)
a google user : that game is very very super
praveen parihar : help me how to play it...
gege wakefield : it's asume.
ayuhsh gaming : smooth
danny peters : cool
ethan green : challenging
chitransh sinha : cool
aritra roy choudhury : relaxing
a google user : cool
daniel criss : cool
hema ramesh : loved it
nathaniel myers : cool
danny navarro : cool
blume beast channel : relaxing
kaleb : cool
anshumali : addictive
ashley landry : cool
pavitra malik : fabulously
s b : relaxing
dreamz fn : cool
sarvesh saru : smooth
jacob galarza : cool
brandon lazaro : cool
a google user : cool
legit boy 2.0 official : cool
sujata reddy : cool
ismail aziz : incredible
irene chepngetich : relaxing
reinq _ : relaxing
sagar sagar : relaxing
aleksi hieta : cool
abinesan ganesan 3 : cool
ansh kalgotra : cool
denish dhabuwala : addictive
mostafatube 18 : cool
a google user : adventurous
gamingstarlegend : cool
konook : cool
asafa trotman : cool
michelle harris : cool
szabolcs : relaxing
ace : cool
play time : phenomenal
michael flores : cool
kxqzi w keys : cool
b c : cool
kyle and post moalon hoops : cool
karim elessawy : heavenly
yan : cool
dj vk gaming : cool
ridoy empire : addictive
a google user : cool
a google user : cool
alen fijuljanin : cool
shuvai soka : relaxing
jeanie graham : cool
andy phillipson : cool
tracy snyman : cool
yasin nuh : loved it
tasnimul hasan ebon : relaxing
elijah morris : cool
a google user : addictive
divyansh hawadia : cool
connor porce : cool
a google user : cool
dai tarun : thrilling
fuad rahman : addictive
luke lacy : cool
melissa jaynes : cool
a google user : love this
s puvinash : comedy
4052- surithi.j : cool
atnafu gebremedhin : incredible
kimberly flynn : cool
a google user : relaxing
jaen station : coool
a google user : it was cool
a google user : cool
rahul pandhurnekar : addictive
a google user : cool
glowy : cool
a google user : it is great
nigel t kambamura : cool
mayur kumar : cool
thaboenc : perfection
middlboi : perfection
a google user : cool
adrian marian : cool
reimo priidik : artsy
nicole gendall : cool
a google user : cool
ardin khan prio : relaxing
a google user : incredible
anil kumar singh : relaxing
ayato : soothing
haris thedaddy : addictive
manish chandra : cool
rk lalrinawmi : addictive
ian gitau : smooth
craig grays : cool
elijah frasier : cool
ateef inamdar : cool
batdad ninja : loving it
a google user : cool
shubham gawate : cool
idrees the pro gamer : cool
a google user : cool
chirag kaushik : cool
noah frenken : top
iibrahim 245 : addictive
a google user : cool
marek : relaxing
pavan kashyap : addictive
h a : enchanting
a google user : cool
thomas m kolethu : cool
chella dhorai : cool
charl van heerden : cool
a google user : cool
winterchaff 126 : addictive
a google user : extraordinary
akash kumar : cool
situ singh : lovingly
ajhay smith : cool
joaquin garcia : it is cool
judhistira maharana : awsome
saiyed faisal rizvi : incredible
manni nickname : cool as
carvina holmes : cool
thegoldenapple 399 : relaxing
a google user : addictive
nanda suta_108 : beauty
stephanie hill : addictive
joseph melendres : cool
jose aguilar : cool
anmol jaiswal : adventurous
aryan : phenomenal
jordan martinez : cool
a google user : cool
4d block : relaxing
rene ragpa : cool
pushpa thamidalapati : relaxing
georson chua : cool
a google user : cool
a google user : cool
willz wilnpn : cool
abhay nair : cool
zachary : perfection
saeej naik : cool
kwik parker : cool
a google user : heart
shazadul karim shakib : cool
fatimah imah121296 : cool
sham m : cool
ybcdiq : cool
vincenzo catalano : cool
kiven smith : cool
larkin glover : cool
yp streem : relaxing
israel mendez : cool
victor sanz : cool
karla moreno : cool
troy minner : cool
ramya bal : relaxing
a google user : cool
dartanion wynter : cool
kwabena amoako-addae : cool
tyson kirk : cool
jonathan bermejo : cool
m. thamilarasan : alto's oddesey?
damir kontrec : why is this free? :)
rambabu maringanti : super. game. boss
tiny angler : what next.?
devangsham vyas : meditate with it....
a google user : that's funny
rafi shah md : mind-blowing
akram ferkoul : wts a game
gk7 : it's alright
eliazar ramirez jr : cool
om tawde : cool
the lalax : best of best
colton gowdy : cool
a google user : cool
juan solis : cool
a google user : cool
adhiraj majumdar : i this game
ragden 26 : can't open it
zero infinity : classic game.
maruf mahady : hard to control
aman siddiqui : mxt...hai boss...
shawn revera the anime otaku : chef kiss
s a d i : graphics :d
mani shankar singh : absolute bliss!!
akib sarkar : totally poop
a google user : alto's odyssey ??
ryan : doper than the popes soap
joseph farley : it's grate
a google user : that's wow
a google user : logic yer.
himanshu yadav : must play.
bal balaji : it's ok
a google user : it's ok
wahyu prasetyo : it's ok
a google user : it's ok
a google user : it's ok
a google user : it's ok
brian rimas : it's ok
sweta tibrewal : it's ok
kade feagins : it's ok
shubh chaudhary : it's ok
louiejay boglosa : it's ok
weirdo'clock :d : it's ok
gatik chaudhary : it's ok
a google user : it's ok
a google user : it's ok
ga alexgodz : it's ok
yogesh yogesh : it's ok
dc : it's ok
ducksea : it's ok
alshaimaa abdelghaffar : it's ok
nyla salvador santos i : childhood game :)
ernesto olguin : trump supporters....
ramamurthy jayaraman : theri(^^)(^^
geetak : cooooll. ...game
hemanathan r : gud graphic....
vaseem firos : *********this is my entertainment************
a google user : very very bat game
padmaletha devi : alto is my car.
tania sharmin : its crazy!!!
a google user : it it's ok it's ok
eva mcroberts : it's so buetiful
athul madhav : use headphones
a google user : :-o
amit gore : classic game......
trippie thicc thicc nibba : it's ok
izamaki sakayoi : it's ok
ansh balar : have to be a lot and then you can be in this email is a bit of the world that i have a few weeks ago and the way to be a lot to the way
oyunbat battumur : need more games
divy varun : what a game
tess nuez : niced game
jack kellogg : that was bringing
mathew feliciano : too chill
a google user : classic graphics!!!!
paul diaz : opcool!
wendy jones : it sucks
kn enterprises : no thanks
a google user : ansh chand
delphy raphael : more charectors
sunny sharma : full to msti yes
terrell garner : because it sucks
a google user : meow meow meow meow meow hiiss meow
mogtaba x : finally !!
bobsaidhi3 the king : multiplayer multiplayer!!!!!
sai srujan seelam : aswome man
paula pedrocca : the bestttt
tech's hero on youtube : bacwas hia
roman perera : ow patta
pramod sahu : wow application
himabindu devireddy : these
a google user : never played it
a google user : it is super
a google user : what a game
timepickles : is alright
nilotpal 200t : happynice game
sms khan : we are anonymous
bikram ghosh : oh yeah
sonika jandial : awosome game
a google user : it is litty
james mully : it is epic
nightofni 57 : freakin sucks
yash patel : wast of time
nisha ibrahim : theri
leena ratchagar : the most
ivo britz : no thx
nikzavyer r. : very nervracking
kapil khemani : borrreeewwd to death
amit bhardwaj : this is cooly
iheofor chimezie : running test on it
frank naly : still downloading
suma vineeth : ilove this game
aniket raj : hats off
emmanuel rufus thomas : cooooolll
abhinash : try anytime
social view cg : thik thak
cgkrs : thank you
krishna d.jayaswal : third class
a google user : very dhmalastic
john harvey : its greatingfully
polash tech official : its osome
most of the memes : wrossssst game
kumar gatu : the following
martinez montes diego antonio : more characters
dr. d.venkata subbaiah : first game
talks of mind : master of masters
reymart carinan : support this games
arun pandiyan : super reality
payton roesberry : time crunching
a google user : very chilling
francis eshun : is so nicelly
gesnel dorcely : it suck
a google user : more characters
a google user : ohhh ioce
a google user : like this game
mark gunderson : super addicting
kevin asser : what a game
cristian delacruz : aswam to relax
vicky vickey : mind free
radha magaji : bcz the game
kingcob - : ass cheeks
robert pepelnjak : very epic
a google user : super bowl
movie lover : wht a adventy
mackenzy byrd : it is awsome7
hitesh khemnar : must play
a google user : time cracker
a google user : this game is parfeat
vabio : reality game
asees kaur : very addicting
chakraborty mithun : it is wowsome
anilkumar es : aswome game
jose perez : it is asom
jonathan gavriel : this is art
a google user : action moves
dokali zozo : bull shoot
hassan sherif : tgh f u
a google user : must play
heezaan rana : try to play it
a google user : thanks
aman raj : must play
soma banerjee : ioved it this game
a google user : need to be improven
a google user : this is a game
prince harmin : classs 1
rajesh aswal : 6 beat
sanjaykumar 378 kumar : very addicative
a google user : awdm experience
do you know?? : thala suthuthu
elizabeth duncan : very claiming
shehin.m.sakeer sakeer : it fantasty
aviral bhardwaj : rather dar
lance stone : it is epic
just a channel : its alright
rondy seppala : hey
a google user : magic is their
josh kumar : finally to android
kunath venumadhav prabhakar : che game
nehemiah has fun : its addicting
a google user : ilove this play
surekha shinde : aryan shinde
akshay kumar : really addective
ryley haitz : it a beut
mohammadtaghi saneifar : the bestv
ikhsan poim : gue something
gopi krishnan : awese graphics
nang keingkham : it is okey
a google user : game tight
hesam valizadeh : eshghe berari
bazuka 1316 : thek h
zachary ewing : very addicting
a google user : the game
toni kraljic : fix the grafichs
krishna dv : its free
a google user : this is woven
a google user : everything was okay
vintagegoat 69 : very secneric
farooq ahmed : itss ok
funny man : it sucks
a google user : thanks for games
tysen koehler : it was a game
christine cooper : come on then
akash upadhyay : thank you
a google user : it is awsom
lazare yt : its fantastiv
nagaraj bhat : super graphics
azhar khan : only ak
mario ramos : guns and ships
a google user : what a feeling
madison nader : very addicting
a google user : hi there
sacredsponge : boppity bop
a google user : it sucks
lammanerd : it is amos
a google user : thanks for the game
vaughn omara : its ok
a google user : its ok
a google user : this game
sabar mohamed : this is art
gustavo acosta : needs a stroyline
omar sadat : gg what
gramoz guhelli : its goid
sandhya antony : this is coooooooooollllll
josh williamson : very hard
a google user : must play
farhan khan : it is fabtastic
mmd_lp : these nuts
tabinda urooj : owesome
mahiboob mirji : thanks m
a google user : super graphics
a google user : super addicting
radhe sharma : 3rd class
jatinder singh : downloading is lower
paleshwar rawat : editor choice
chastidy quiroz : a short review
dhanush shankar : relax playing this
ramesh kumar : wast of time
suresh meriya : like this game
aryudha hermawan : it is really is a masterclass
angela jensen : only 5
jishnu s : mwuthey
ritu raj jha : nyc of all
meskerem hailu : the backgrounds
mike lorzano : town rush
edgar encarnacion : right
noah hairston : it is aswome
maysaa sublaban : t what to danlowd
vinny malhotra : ish g
purusattyam ganguly : must play
ranjeet shambharkar : my faviorate
fazil fazil : mind washer
a google user : its classic
mihir jadhav : totally aweosme
a google user : very very fentastic
joe evans : 10 out of 10
francisco tobon : lots of poop
nicholasshawn vincent : 379,000 people
khushisharma cool : this game is
jayshree gajbhiye : graphics
a google user : mohit.chauhan
giorgi manguashvili : 5* graphics
sachin ydv : dreaming
naveen khatana : graphics
a google user : graphics
a google user : it's funny
binaya kumar sahu : thanks.
a google user : it's ok
a google user : it's ok
harsh x ahir : it's ok
manali bhosle : iove it..
samuel ortiz : smoothhhh..
rafael khan saikat : owsome..
djjdnxn jsbdbdn : :o
a google user : existing..
audel j. hernandez : its
makayla brazwell : addicting!!!
og cuddyg5 : asome
popincynical : install this!!!!!!!
amarnath adhya : thanks
ritik gupta : nothing
sehar iqbal : offline timepass
karthick ragavendran : the looks!!!!!
a google user : graphics
zachary reyes : :o
elijah cardona : aw some!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shubhashish chakraborty turjoy : graphics
a google user : h.gholsmali
raegan-dale williams : hole.io
srt11 _the _ beast : asome
diego velasquez : cool0
mohit choyal : aewsome
a google user : back
a google user : whatsapp
zuhaib x : adictive
a google user : thenks
a google user : nothing
a google user : this is
a google user : nothing
trouble maker : bore
kiaden : live it
sabyasachi roy : worth it
jagadeesh kotambri : nicrowdfunding
a google user : nothing
swatantra kumar sharma : thoo
shubham agrawal : thank
a google user : tor
a google user : thanks
rohit thakur : bor
chandru alfred : nothing
#sarina sara : ilovethisgame
yajurdev np : lowed it
ngai boh wen : edited
gumara rodriguez : hey
a google user : nothing
br.iyasin ali : however
michelle myers : backflip
a google user : addicting
isaac li : pieceofshit
adriaan booyens : adicted
varun saini : nothing
a google user : asom
abhinav padmarajan : aweasome
nikhil roy : tight
let's change : its
tyler garcia : alsome
jagan a : nothing
utsav parmar : sucks
naveen raj : awesomeable
terrance hays : cooling
naved mahtab khan : try it
faisal karim : graphics
prithivi ravi : xtraordinary
baylor caughorn : finally
vignesh waran : try this
ahmad falah : addicting
manish saladi : thanks
akam : download it
mani kandan : srithar
meagan gomes : nothing
a google user : towhid
unemio : sucks
a google user : lick it
jirdan miller : ite
yandrapu suribabu : goated
a google user : high
hariharan thazhekalliyil : nothing
suvedha suruthi f : what a graphics
sanjay sk : tharumaru
a google user : addicting
indu mathi : superhero
jos h : nothing
tmgirlswek : coooll
ben roberts : addicting
raseen timilsina : worth it
raghuveer singh : title
a google user : asowme
seerat fatima : iovely
pranit : rewalove it
sanooj joseph : typical
farjana akter : normally
atulya sundar bhanj babu : verycoollgame
sr gamers : band a
a google user : everything
wali siam : nothing
laxman shah : white
a google user : ccdd the to
tharun arul : this game is like
a google user : this game is
call of life panda : it sucks
a google user : money money money
serafin ranzi : as
rana naeem : thanks
connor willis : hey
