m1so_ alcatraz : aits pretty good, very calming, and i don't even get mad when i die xd, pretty great game
brooks summers : i love the game. my favorite feature is zen mode. the music is so soothing! one problem though. whenever i open the app, it gets all glitchy and the screen turns dark and the game just completely stops and i have to go into airplane mode to play it. but other than that i love it!!!!
m003e : really relaxing. sounds are incredibly satisfying and rewarding. most expensive thing is 4 bucks. free to play is rewarding and doesnt take away any fun. not at all a ptw. only annoying thing is the pop up adds that you can remove for 2 dollars usd. worth it imo, but not needed as they arent frequent or disruptive to gameplay.
rasmus nielsen : small improvement to the original. they can't decide if they want to be freemium or paid, so they do both. i've paid so i don't get pop up ads, but that doesn't change the fact: - you fell, do you want to watch an ad to revive? - you fell again, do you want to watch another ad to revive? - you fell and your run is over, do you want to watch an ad to double your coins? - you can't complete this quest, do you want to watch an ad to skip it? doesn't feel like i've paid for this game at all, going for highscores suck when you have to watch 2 ads to do so..
12tman12 : beautiful and better than the first game. more trick options also. still leap of faith mechanics and canyons of death for maya. where long run ups makes sure she's slow enough to die. and now with balloon bounces, too fast is also death so getting to be random luck canyon jumps. but still fun even after a run of unlucky canyons make you get a quick dose of ads. bit laggy on a g5 also. edit dropped rating to a 3 as further in the canyon deaths due to random speed requirements has gotten worse
barak diker : excellent game , extremely relaxing after hard days
chris d'agorne : great game and i was happy to pay a bit extra to remove the ads. however, it's crazy how dark and low contrast some of the environments are - at least a third of my crashes are because i can't see what's on the screen properly. this is very frustrating and the reason i couldn't give 5 stars.
ab flyer : great game. it helps me appreciate how beautiful nature is. sometimes i wish i was with him. the background music makes it perfect(the endless mode) and it also makes the mind relaxed. but could you add more soothing background music if possible. love it!
melvin mosley : this game has intrusive ads. yes you can pay to remove them but it makes no sense to do so with the amount of ads that play and the $2 asking price to stop ads that when attempting to close take you to the google play store. this is all takes away from an already terrible game experience that is a reskin of the previous game with 3 new mechanics added in.
ben : great simple game. especially nice to relax with in endless mode, a zen like experience. ads are cheap to get rid of, a worthwhile buy in my opinion, given the amount ive played. the art style is also nice to look at, simple, clean, and beautiful.
nataliev77 k : it reminds me of journey the ps4 game it's extremely beautiful just wow everything about it is amazing my only problem would be that i wish i only heard the water fall when it was near me not a big deal really because this game feels like it shouldn't be free but i'm glad it is or else i would have never had the chance to experience it also the music is just perfect i wish there was more biomes to explore and more music that went with those biomes..... but still it's a pretty addicting game!!!
boom katz : it's very pretty, but hard to distinguish between obstacles and the background. also, ads pop up right as the level ends, so you end up clicking on them accidentally, taking you out of the game. other than that, it's a good time killer with impressive visuals and music.
jksonblkson : this is a beautiful game. not as relaxing as the first, but it has a lot more content and obstacles. new biomes and mechanics are given to you gradually, which is a good thing if you're new to alto gameplay, but kinda boring if you're returning to the games. all in all, very well made and fun.
jeremy franks : graphics are absolutely stunning and gameplay and storyline or progression is excellently executed and laid out. would definitely recommend the ad remover, which is decently priced, as it just adds to the quality and experience of the game to not have those ads. good job team alto.
solomon hill : really not up to the hype. tutorial wants you to jump a gap. puts messages you have to tap to dismiss. the tap messes up the jump & you respawn without enough run up to clear the jump. so head straight to the main game, which has a "watch adds to continue" mechanic. the game punish you hard before you get a chance to get to grips with it, then it's pay coins or watch adds. overall, looks pretty. but it's not "immersive" or clever. it's another run and grab coins game with a nice soundtrack
20m024 sajjad hussain : i'll keep the gameplay aside and just talk about the graphics first man!!!!! these graphics are really beautiful, the rising and setting sun the beautiful flying birds the waterfalls all are simply beautiful... all those who are going to playing this for the first time the actual beauty is in the endless mode whoever made the music is really genius i was mesmerised with the music that it left me absolutely dumb struck i was not in my senses... i played alto's adventure also but tbh this is good
keziah davies : honestly love this game so much, i played the zen version of the game for at least half an hour without even realising. it's so stress releaving and anxiety reducing. it could be one of the most amazing games i've ever played with stunning visuals and just amazing gameplay.
hamish h : fantastic game. soothing and peaceful, yet with a light challenge. the adverts can be a bit annoying - fracturing the atmosphere of the game but they've got to make their money somehow. the most beautiful mobile game i've come across; it reminds me of journey a lot.
sugar asphalt : simple and easy to play specialy when you're tense like your job is giving you a hard time . very calming and relaxing but i just wish that there was more options to try like more modes or other cool features like a good story . a great app . just needs a good story
leon r. : i live the graphics and the game concept! they are just beautiful and calming!!! my only issue is that some of the more complicated moves are hard to perform and the instructions on how to do them are not very clear, but otherwise, this is an amazing game!!!
allobsters : great app! super relaxing, and the challenges make sure that it dosen't get repetitive. i hope the developers see this, because i would like to make a request. the game is fun, but it does make you begin to think; "why is alto and his friends doing all this? who are those elders that you unlock?" questions like that. this would be an extremely fantastic app if it had a little bit of story in it. other than that, i love it! <3
caleb scotton : such a masterpiece. i enjoyed the first one but this is something else. it's got such a character and feel to it, i've never played a mobile game like it. the sound and graphic design is exceptional, it brings such a surreal atmosphere to the gameplay, which is challenging and exciting. 5 stars to the best mobile game i've ever played.
miguel angel : simple, beautiful, cool, you will love the music and feel as if you were the one exploring the mysterious desert. best played with headphones but i like that you can play it anywhere at any moment. my only complain is the adds, but i guess they need to get money on some way to support the game quality. also i love zen mode
devanne hamman : incredible game. gorgeous sound design, stunning visuals, smooth controls. ui is charming and effective. it would be nice if different biomes had more distinctive bgm, but that's hardly a complaint. great work. haven't played the sequel yet but i plan to.
vmm vlogs : the grafics are awesome i love it no bug just amazing
riley miller : an all around upgrade on alto's adventure. simple but rewarding mechanics, dynamic colorful settings, a zen-like feeling of flow when you get skilled and unobtrusive ads only when directed by the player make this free game well worth the download.
jerrell johnson : i absolutely love both these games. the music and art work complement each other perfectly! it's very smooth, easy to pick up, and very addictive..... in a good way! cant wait to see what noddlecake does next. keep up the great work!
olivia watton : beautiful game and i don't get a lot of ads
khubaib huda : this, is art. i really like how the music suddenly stop when you make big jump, and resume beutifully when you land. the graphic is amazing, kinda surprised how they turned basic and simple shapes into this beautiful and relaxing landscape. i'm looking forward for alto's next adventure!
alyssa : a huge thank you to the developers for making this game. it helped me cope through the stress the university life was giving me, and i cannot stress this enough. i am able to remain calm now and more relaxed as i always play this game. thank you for making this fantastic and absolutely breathtaking game! i love everything, especially the background music and the sound effects! kudos to you guys! keep on producing more aesthetically pleasing games!
thomas cresson : i would make it to 5 stars if i didn't have some delay on the sound when using a bluetooth headset. i experience 1s to 2s delay when seeing some trick or whatever performed on the screen and earing the sound. i'm using a plantronics back beat pro. hope this is something that can be fixed ^^
moosh : one of my favourite games to play on my phone, super relaxing and easy to get addicted to. the music, the visuals, the general idea, all wonderful. i absolutely cannot fault this game and hope everyone plays it at some point.
t geo : this really is a fantastic game and a great successor to the first alto. it's easy to play yet hard to master, which i like. the gameplay, graphics, music, everything is perfect for on the go play. it also works without an internet connection which is great for us tube riding londoners.
logan rapp : greatly enjoying this game, but maya is straight up incapable of chasm jumps without a wall ride or a grind or something in between. her momentum is too weak. just tried izel. he is too fast for supply drops and i keep falling into chasms because i take huge flying leaps over one just to fall into another. he is also too fast for the jumps that require you to climb a rock wall.
dallin clayton : this game is very aesthetic and pretty, but the game itself feels kind of cheap. there are many things rushing past you and the game does a really bad job of explaining which ones are harmless and which ones will end your run if you hit them. other hazards like chasms have a little danger sign before you hit them but you cant see the chasm shape until you are already jumping off. the main problem is by the time you can see most obstacles its too late to do anything about them.
elias rodrigo pereira : i really like the zen mode. i am giving it 4 stars, because the character can only do flips in one direction, which also makes it difficult to land. if there is a good explanation to this, or if you (devs) change it, i might give it 5 stars.
keli cross : epic game. sound effects, music and general game design are all 10/10. ads could be worse. having characters be buyable isn't bad since the level progression system that unlocks them is simple and easy to do. plus if the ads are too much then just turn off your wifi.
an nisaa' ul 'alimah : relaxing, the music, the scenery, everything. i've been playing this since months ago and still couldn't part with it. although sometimes there is a little glitch when the character accelerating, it still couldn't keep me away from playing this
imran mohammed : im not gonna lie but this and alto's adventure remind me of the game journey. its a ps4 game where the mc has a scarf that can enlongate which helps you fly, the aim of the game is to cross the desert and the snowy field and back into the light. it is a never-ending game and alto's really remind me of the nostalgia and insane graphics. tops to the developers of this game and hope for a 3rd.
matthew care : cannot skip adverts. you are forced to click thro to the playstore and often no way to exit back to game without force closing
alex bennett : 1 week ago i rated the completely free game 5 stars. after another week with it and having paid to go ad free, it is worth it all. so wonderfully beautiful, and peaceful. when in times of high stress and anxiety i love the music and simplistic challenge. "easy to learn, hard to master." holds true here for a truly amazing and highly recommended mobile game worthy of recognition.
ssali saqlain : love the gameplay because it smooth. the sound track is calm and relaxing.
tess swerdlow : this app is amazing! it is so peaceful and is perfect for relaxing after a stressful day. the backgrounds are beautiful with colourful sunsets and themes and the music is serene.the graphics are flawless and the game runs smoothly i would definitely recommend this app but my only problem is that there is lots of adds
lillian page : beautiful, well-made game, stunning graphics, easy to learn but difficult to master controls. the ads are there, but reasonable for the kind of content. much much more refined from the initial release, just gorgeous.
deena dexter gollapalli : i love the game. i've been playing it for a while and i gotta say this game is addictive. it makes you wanna unlock all the characters and explore the vast desert. i love how there is also a 'zen mode' which kinda lets you listen to some music and just play for fun without any score or distance which is a lot of fun. overall the game is good and worth playing.
michael gierling : game is challenging including escaping the ads, wordscape and others detract from game experience by leaving it and forcing (small exit, timed exits, 3x exit buttons) you to install ad's. otherwise the game is relaxing to play until ad's!
arera : i would love to give this game more, because it's beautiful, but i can't play it. every time you do a run, the light changes, becoming darker and making it so, so difficult to differentiate obstacles from the rest of the scenery, especially if, like me, you have poor eyesight. until there is an option to disable this change of lighting, i won't be able to play, which is such a shame, because it has the potential to be such an amazing experience.
renton ho : i played the heck out of the first game. when i downloaded this i was prepared to give it an average rating because i thought it was just a reskin. but wait till you hit level 7 and oh my word, its a brand new game with a whole new dimension. keep up the good work and never stop innovating. 5 stars easy!
gunuine nssia : nah the best relaxing game ever i kept crashing crashing and crashing but i'll never give up this the most relaxing and satisfying game i've ever felt in my live love it five star for you
dmitry aqmb : here, for unskipable 30 sec ads
victoria m. : this is one of the coolest games ive seen in a long time! everything about it is so beautiful and fun. im glad that theres an option for free play if you dont feel like playing the regular levels. i love everything about this app and the music is very peaceful too. i play this every day and especially at night when im trying to relax!
sabino gonzalez : i like this game a lot it kinda relaxes me but everytime i open up the game for like let's say 5 to 10 seconds the game completely freezes up on me. it worked fine back then but now it won't run i don't know why this is the case. i just want yall to fix this bug because i lost all of my progress from the game and no one wants to pay altos adventure.
aaron s : i gotta say, this game is the definition of what the world would be like if there is just kindness, peace, and joy, but with very, very, very little obstacles standing in your way. alto's odyssey describes just that, you can pretty much see it in the setting, the design of each biome, and the weather too, ranging from a clear and starry night sky, to a little t-storm. you did an amazing job, devs. =)
justin vivar : i used to love this years ago because of its elegance and simplicity and just how well it takes you away to a stress-free place. now, it's gone. for every single run, there's ads. really really annoying ads. it used to have less, but now it's so polluted. the once peaceful and happy place i loved has been ruined.
dii t. rancourt : i want to like this. noodlecake has some great games, but this one just doesn't play right. flips are too slow, leveling out is annoying and i can never tell when there is enough space to backflip. whenever i do, a rock seems to shows up right at the landing area.
cowberriz : absolutely astonishing. i can't believe how beautiful the graphics are, and how amazing the sound and music is. i love the gameplay and i absolutely love felipe. (you know why) i just don't like the fact that some characters are heavier than others and can't do backflips as much, but that's fine, it's just gravity. if your reading this, please do download! you won't regret it.
eko dinda : very calming game with good progressive challenge, enough to make me addicted and on edge yet at the same time reduce my stress level. obviously a game i wouldn't mind to support the developer behind it.
lakota rodriguez : this is amazing game!! you did such a good job on both of the games! i love the different bioms and the birds. keep up the good work.
tony kovalsky : hard to see. the rocks are basically the same color as everything else. so it very hard to differentiate the rocks between anything else that you can just pass by. other than that its straight forward, easy, and smooth.
fae : lots of ads for no reason :/
anuj singh : amazing game. been playing this and alto's adventure for about 3 years now, on and off. the atmosphere of the game, with the music and the art is mesmerizing. the challenges are cleverly designed and enough opportunities are presented to complete them. pro tip, get maya+wingsuit and you'll be soaring in the skies with the birds of paradise.
katie jo : this game is both challenging and relaxing. there are new things to explore each time you play. the music is wonderful. there are fun little goals for each level or you can just relax and see how far you can get. wonderful game! 10/10. excellent
bareera khillat : i just don't have words for how amazing this game is. recommended to every person who is facing anxiety, stress, tired of life and want to escape in desert with this app's zen mode for a while. this app is beyond perfection. not only it has beautiful soothing background music it has great graphics too. i love how night changes into day and day changes into night while playing game. i have never found an amazing gaming app before. loved this app. please please keep it same.....
jack taylor : i find this game a peice of art, nice and chill, yeah there will be an ad here and there but rarely. i love the way the weather cycles in such a cool way i love the thunder and lightning best part in my opinion. if you're looking for a game to play when ur trying to relax or looking for a game to play before you go to sleep this is the one the music and just the setting is 100 and 50 percent my pick of choice.
lisapaloma : music and graphics are great-- pretty but light, not extravagant memory hogs. when i start a new game, usually the first thing i do is find out how to mute the music and sound. not this time. unfortunately, it requires faster responses than i am capable of.
chunky : i don't know where to start with this game. the scenery is stunning, the controls are hard to master (as there are multiple tricks you can do) but it is so satisfying to pull off a 10x combo, i could go on for ages! i saw that people were moaning about how monetization-centered this game is, but i barely get ads. also, noodlecake is a game dev team who, like most of the gave devs on the play store, exist to make money. it's hard to resist tens of thousands of dollars every month (or near that).
brad mcdaniel : super relaxing and easy to play. the occasional advertising but its easy to dismiss. great for a quick session or sitting back on the couch and unwinding. i didnt realize there were unlocks later on, so that was a neat surprise.
joshua callaghan : this game would be perfect if you could chose to shut off the sunset. its kind of a pain in the ass the see when to jump with a dark purple sky and black hills and passing terrain. why make a game that only allows playtime when theres no glare on the screen? otherwise ive been playing it pretty fanatically.
h. matthew : still new to it but i do enjoy the new additions to gameplay sans the wall riding; its a little much in some parts of the run and that's usually when there's no alternative. but the music is calming and the visual is still great; so good so far.
langabi nkwanyana : i love this game its also works very well on chromebook recently i had broke my phone and wanted to see if it works on chromebook its an amazing game pls download it i highly recommend
wan iskandar : this was perfect. absolutely wholesome bout the gameplay , graphic , bgm and everything . it really went nice overall . i'm coming with an idea to attract more player which is add more some stuff like an event or something , how well ?
carbon : i love this game. only been playing for a few months now. i gave it 4 stars because about a month ago i saw that when you press to end game. they are now forcing you to watch full ads. i do not see the reason for this. it gets to be annoying. i know watching an ad when you want to continue your run. but forcing us to watch full ads when we want to end the game and start over. doesnt seem very fair. wish that this could be changed back to how it was when i first began with this game.
francis lalnuntluanga : the one. i felt like i was at the dessert myself. fantastic gameplay and undoubtedly the best graphic an android phone could offer. the music was soothing, it was like a gentle breeze whispering in my ears. i also loved that every character have their own uniqueness. the sun setting, the night sky, the twilight, it was just mesmerizing. it was like a dream, a sweet emotional dream. this was definitely the game that i was searching for my whole life. believe me this is the one. god bless alto
spedy : just like alto's adventure, alto's odyssey is also wonderful . with extra features like different characters, missions, sound effect, graphics, music etc. another game for fun & relaxation. very very thank you team alto.
tyler stefanon : i think alto's odessy is the best game you can play. i love the zen mode and this game is so unique because you don't have to rage quit! i love the change of weather and one thing i think you should do is a major update where you can explore different lands. you should add a story mode. the game is spot on and thank you for making it.
ihsan iqbal : the levels and tasks of this game isn't pretty easy which makes this game challenging and thrilling. but above that this game is truly a meditation. the graphics and music is truly magical. i recommend using your headphones and turn your room's light off. experience the soulfulness!
god : this game is really cool, i installed alto's adventure yesterday and i found out these games are available in offline mode also. i just love this game i'm gonna stream this game in my twitch now.
sudhanva acharya : absolutely fantastic game. i used to play alto's adventure and fell in love with it. but this game is more awesome than the first ones with more elements added. sometimes the audio breaks and continuous ads are the only problem.
jake macock : fantastic game but i do have an issue with a recent update. i really love to play this game when relaxing with an audiobook or podcast, the ambient music was a nice backdrop but recently, the app pauses whatever i'm playing in the background. is there any way you can fix it?
arvindkumar shahd.j : i like so so so so so so much this game . this is very best i like to play this game .and enjoy it. thanks to create this game.i request you to please create one more game like this.alto's odyssey 2 . thanks.
christian flores : near perfect game. i like and enjoy everything about the game. however, the ads are a bother. i must say they are not as pervalant here as they are in other games however, i want to have the ads muted when i listen to my music and it interrupts it all the time even if i have the game on mute. please fix and i will give a 5 out of 5. what i need is ads muted if the game is muted. that is all. thank you.
cellodubin : super enjoyable! multiple modes so it's easy to play but difficult enough beating the challenges to keep it fun. definitely worth a few bucks. be aware- it's better on larger screens. screens smaller than 6 inches are awkward to play on.
brad wood : this game is beautiful, both competitive and relaxing. my biggest issue however is the adverts, the game sets up a great atmosphere and it is essentially ruined by an advert that screams at you with loud sounds. i obviously understand they need to exist, but they should not contain sound.
md junet ali : i had completed many levels and bought many items on alto's odyssey before. now when i installed it again and signed in using the same account my previous achievements are all lost. the game starts from the beginning! it's so frustrating. i was hoping for a good game experience and i'm not happy with this how can i get my previous achievements back?
ehe : the controls are absolutely easy to understand but difficult to master. that makes the game more fun and addicting. the animations are too good and smooth. you can decide if you want to pay money or not but that's up to you and doesn't affect your experience. the details are precise. there are more challenges every time so you don't get bored. the music is so calming and the overall game is so aesthetically pleasing. there's even a zen mode. install it.
daniel ennis : this game is awesome. ads are few and far between. you can choose to watch an ad for a free revive, tho. the only gripe i have is the music sometimes... stops. it doesn't cut out, it just doesn't always play.
nick coldham : a potentially wonderful game ruined by the adverts that occur every time you crash... i've just started playing and i'm crashing all the time, so it's advert after advert after advert. unfortunately i'll probably just delete it. what a pity so many good apps are ruined with excessive and irrelevant advertising.
a google user : the background rocks and the actual obstacle rocks look exact the same. in night theme it's even worse where everything is black and you couldn't see anything at all. i know it's supposed to be immersive but the gameplay is important as well.
harshit : it's an amazing game just as good as alto's adventure, if not better. i really appreciate this theme but the only thing i am not satisfied about is fps. alto's adventure provides me a smooth 120 fps gameplay whereas this one is locked at 60 for some reason. i would really appreciate if you could fix it.
molly lowe : i really like the graphics. the music is amazing and draws me into the game because it goes so well with game action. it is even more amazing than i imagined. i'm looking forward to more adventures with alto. will there be more? jungles? space maybe? hope so. i still play alto's adventure!
a r : i liked it so much i redownloaded it on my new phone. gameplay is addictive and the progression is well thought out allowing you to bypass goals you're stuck on via in game coins. the monetization isn't in your face either. also allows you to earn some extra in-game coins by watching ads instead of only allowing you to buy them or earn them.
mark bryant : it's a fun game but some of the level challenges (backflip over a balloon from a tornado) are so situation specific that the game kinda has to do them for you. another example is smash 5 rocks with a lotus flower in one run. this is dependent upon the game spawning lotus flowers near rocks, which it hasn't done since i received that challenge. im also tired of collecting a radio only to have all my supplies dropped in an placed where i'm forced to jump over them. it just starts to wear on you.
mari h : this game is so amazing. the graphics and music are incredible, and so is the story line. easily my most favorite game when i need to relax; cannot recommend it enough. there are ads, but that's fixable if you simply turn off any internet connection.
anxious owl : this is by far my favorite indie game i've ever played. the graphics are nice, the game controls are simple, and the music is something to behold. this is a very relaxing game. i've never once been frustrated by it, which is saying something. i highly recommend playing this, for you'll get addicted to it. the goals are simple and easy to do, but also gives you some challenging ones. this is a top game in my opinion.
sun shine : cool graphics design for eyes nice game
enrico ruggi : the use of colours is just stunning. the changes of atmosphere too. how the game goes through day and night, from sun to cloudy, from a sandstorm to a beautiful sunset is just superb. all of this carried by a beautiful soundtrack, not as good as the first alto bu definitely on point. good job! keep it up!
bob shnitzel : absolutely phenomenal game. the visuals are beautiful, the controls are tight, and the ads are far less frequent than the worse games out there. definitely expands on alto's adventure with new areas and mechanics although they do feel similar
apolloandwarrior _ : i personally love this game my only issues is some times at no point my screen will go blank and i can not see my character. the characters can take a bit of getting used and i reccomend izel for newer players because of his easy controls. dont let my problems with the game drive you away.
diego floor : it's a nice game but it suffers from a visual design that priorities looks over readability. i had to stop playing because i really can't tell the difference between harmless background objects and rocks. at least it does look amazing!
kym1panda : rly fun but i'd rather if you could by characters with coins instead of real money, but other wise it's rly good, no ads
a google user : this is the most amazing game i have ever played! it's relaxing, easy, and perfect. i really love the music and graphics. it's also convenient there's a zen mode or the the game mode so if you just want to play or relax you have those options.
boniface baiju : it's a great game and i've been playing it nonstop for about 2 months. but after i signed in with my google account , weird noises can be heard in the background which is quite irritating. also the amount of ads has increased substantially. would've given a five star otherwise.
mayank gulia : amazing game! it's not super difficult to play so you can pass time easily. but still hard enough for you to keep trying to better yourself. doesnt need "energy" to play or any other excuses which force you to spend money. paid for the app to remove ads and support the developers.
restless natives : it's not very often when a sequel is as good as the original. but yet this game is literally better that the original - better soundtrack, better environment, cooler mechanics, more fun.... i could go on for days. long story short, this is probably the best mobile game i have ever downloaded, and it has provided many hours of fun!
pandorium [ceo of candle wax] : this game is so hard to stop playing it has easy controls good music, isn't to challenging. what a good game. 5/5. and the ad's! the ads aren't bad at all!! if i had $100 i wouldn't use it unless it supported this app the ads dont get in the way of the gameplay.
axel fielvard : walls for grinding start seriously glitching as you progress through the game, they start changing shape and becoming transparent
yehia elkhatib : graphics are great, but the developers are very obviously more concerned with form over factor. it's difficult to time the jump right when your view horizon is so limited. also, rocks are not visible in night mode. shame.
cody lanier : every time i try to do a flip i crash regardless if i'm upright enough or not. whoever made this doesn't understand how boarding works at all. if i am leaning back ever so slightly and i hit the ground i'm not going to fall off my board i'm going to hit the ground with the tail of my board and then lean into it with the head to correct myself. good idea, poor execution.
cnw gaming : ok. i normally don't rate games, but this one is an exception. the game has been a lifesaver for my long bus ride in the afternoons, which is 2 hours long. i can't even tell you how many hours are in this game. even though the game runs so smoothly, on airplane mode it only uses 20 % of my battery, it looks so good! it really helps me wind down especially after a long day at school. for a kid with anxiety, i don't flinch when i crash. this is just an overall fun game, and you need to try it out!
literalynxxo : its a beautifully made sequel to alto's adventure. adds new features to make it different (and the features are good), but stays true to the concept. it's also mesmerizing and relaxing. absolutely love it.
cottino decottinis : during dark theme (night and sunset) is unplayable. can hardly distinguish the character from the objects in the background. obstacles are difficult to see. it's frustrating. need some contrast added to the textures to help out.
kay monk : it's fun. at the start when i was learning i had minimal ads. its definately relaxing and quite easy. other people were complaining about the ads but unless youre dying every 30 seconds its not much of a problem. i can go for ages in a run assuming i dont go unlucky with a lemur. great game mostly
samuel maxson : this game is a spiritual journey. it teaches you to be be prepared for the unexpected, and to try to get one more backflip out before the ground comes up to bite. the soundtrack is out of this world. it's been three separate occasions now that i've come to back to play this game because my mind has gone to a dark place, and the music always brings me back to peace. i feel like for how many times this game has saved me it really deserves a review. there really is no other mobile game like it.
suraj shetty : smooth, fluid and clamingly fun.
bigswiftynassociates : really great game. smooth and beautiful graphics. simple, yet challenging gameplay. ads are reasonable and don't detract from play too badly. love the song, wish there were a few more tracks. well worth the download.
nnyl phesoj : some of the worst ads i've ever seen. and any time you hit the x, it automatically opens the ad instead. would've been decent otherwise.
shiza chan : it's good and nice game. it is easy to control, the missions is not that hard, have different places (also the time is changing when you are playing too long), and most of all have a relaxing music. 5 stars for a great game like this :)
matthew hammond : this game has helped me in many ways to calm down during these tough times. the graphics are on point, the music is great, and there are no ads in "zen" mode. overall the best game you could get. oh, and did i mention that they arnt trying to get you to buy a "premium" membership? seriously though. best. game. ever.:d
catz gaming : this is the most beautiful game i've ever seen in the play store! there are no purchases required in this app, though they are optional the graphics are so beautiful and are very calming, as is the gorgeous soundtrack. there should be so many more games like this! ads are optional, to top everything off!
landon oswald : this game is very fun could play it all day but it can be a little challenging and very beautiful
uli miloserdova : is it possible to include backflips in the statistics? because i earn points mostly on somersaults >< oh yeah the game is wonderful!!
the clock : amazing graphics, simple controls, and amazing theme and music. the endless mode is also really cool, and makes this experience 100 times better!
vaibhav pal : smooth, serene, scenic, spectacular! but just one thing...why does the points not equate to coins? keep on chaining tons of combos but there's not much you can do each time you visit izel's workshop. - the only thing unfair about my favourite addiction. edit...i just read a couple of reviews complaining about the unclear nights. though thats not a problem for me (rather a challenge). might i suggest something - a lantern that can be purchased from izel's workshop! that would be a great fix.
naman dev rawat : it's a classical game with beautiful scenarios and engaging bgm easy one-clicker game. feel very relaxed and happy after playing this...
ham : absolutely amazing! this is my favourite pass-time game! the visuals are absolutely stunning and the sound design is so immersive! considering how much more there is to odyssey than to normal alto's adventures, i feel like the original game could use a couple more features! absolutely 5 stars, keeping this forever!
brandon merrick : great game however there are some bugs i havwe found 1. flying up fast during lemer chase gets the lemur to fly up into the air still in his running animation sometimes even glitching the lemer stuck in to the sky 2. if you try to wallride a big wall while going slow your person can go backwards and you can go in loops although i have only ever gotten one loop at a time 3. when falling straight down for long distances such as after high flight i have seen the charecter slow to a snails pace while falling taking forever to land and i have seen if you fail the land and lose yourcharecter can sink into the sand over all great game though just a few bugs
michael l. : a great game to relax, with beautiful graphics and a flowing gameplay.
kayleigh munro : beautiful graphics, music and gameplay. the only thing stopping it getting 5 stars are the terrible adverts. i'd pay extra to be shot of them but annoyingly don't get that option. at times i turn it off because i'm sick of the ads
and rej : i like the visual style, but the game is a bit too easy. maybe if there were some checkpoints and otherwise the progress would've been reset. because now when you need to complete tasks, anyone can do it with ease
sean petersen : really enjoying this game and alto's adventure. my only suggestion would be moving the signposts for the cliffs further up the slope so that those playing maya have a chance to gain speed through backflips, instead of realising at the last second that they don't have enough speed to clear a chasm.
david oriji : dear noodlecake, the canyons biome is broken. the mountains glitch and it makes me lose focus. please fix it. sincerely, david.
toms zvirgzdins : overall, the games good... the visuals, the music and the gameplay are great... just wanted to say, that i found a bug: during a lemur chase, (going downwards and) using the wingsuit without jumping, the lemur follows you mid-air as if you are on the ground, thus giving it a chance to knock you off the board.
arthur white : this is hands down the best mobile arcade style game i have played. it runs so smoothly and the simplistic design coupled with an excellent colour scheme makes it gorgeous to look at. its strangely relaxing, and i could spend hours playing it.
ben vance : the only reason i am giving this game less than five stars is because of the ads.. in the original game (alto's adventure) you would only see ads if you wanted to continue after failing during a run. with this new game i'll ads all the times, not a lot, but just enough to be annoying. if the ads were about similar games i wouldn't be as aggravated but they are ads that don't relate to this game at all.
brian johnson : despite being a sequel to alto's adventure, controls seem worse. in the prequel, flips could be made in very tight radii with less speed and hight. in odyssey, it seems flips need either more space or have a very tight landing hitbox, making combos and run longevity difficult to maintain.
md. tawhidul islam : the game has extremely beautiful graphics and soundtracks. i love it a lot. but i am facing problem with the game. whenever i travel a long distance, the game stops working and all my efforts go into vain.
bentley stevenson : i have been playing this game casually for about 3 years now. it is a brilliantly relaxing game. not hard to get used to at all, but has a great progression system of unlockable characters and devices that make it more interesting for the more advanced players too
andrei milcomete : one of the most emercing indie games i've ever played.first the music.its perfect and the atmospherical sfx are so well done...the characters are very different from one and other.zen mode is perfect for just chilling and normal mode has very cool stages.there are a lot of gameplay features that make the game feel fresh every time you pick it up. the best game for people that like platformers ,but also a very beautiful game in its simplistic style of art.10/10
ronaz : this game is soo cool and relaxing to play ... but the free ads clearly ruined the mood. if i have to watch a 30 sec. video to revive my player then why do i watch the ad anyway after i end the game and go for new one .if your showing us ads for no reason then atleast compensate for it with gold or free revive.
jordan cardona : this is not a game, it's an adventure. maybe you could add some bonus material, for example: customization of the characters costumes, colors and so on. a different map to have another feeling with the background.
aileen melinda : great graphics and character design, easy controls and nice challenges. the game crashes at really inconvenient times (like in the middle of a long run) and i lose the data. glitches as well with certain characters (such as samara).
apna classroom : nice game, the game developers had done a great job! and i am really loving this game. you can never bored with it. only thing due to which i reduced a star is that the developers should add more sound effects and graphics. then we will love this game. and i also want to say that this game doesn't have any bugs in it. anyways loved this game!
joseph cavera : this might just be the most charming and downright fun game i've ever downloaded on a phone. the soundtrack, smooth controls and simple yet fun gameplay make alto's journey a ride to remember. i love playing zen mode to unwind as well. exceptional creative choice!
seattle rex : i like the game quite a bit, and would very gladly pay for it, but the only option i have is to sit through ads. this is very much not how i want to spend my very limited leisure time, and because of this, i play it very infrequently. also, the ads break the momentum of the game, and i get impatient waiting for them to end. if i want to feel impatient, ill go sit in traffic. i don't want to feel that way after a long day at work.
tawa latham : very good game, it has great graphics and a nice background music that really adds to the feel of the game.i also like how some characters come with a their own power like back flips faster or double jump :).the adventure like feel makes me want to play alot and i also like to challenge my best score like 7,456 to 9,231.so over all a great game and i recommend you to install it. p.s even tho it says tawa that is not my real name.
frostimintz : great, gorgeous animation, redicilous attention to detail, endless hours of fun offline and online, amazing backstory that links to the original game altos adventure, tricks are terrific only complaint is there aren't infinite backflips though lol. overall you should get this app!!!!!!
commentarycam : i love the game, graphics and calm playstyle. i favor this game, but i have some suggestions. characters maybe add like a customization system you can create your characters and buy scarfs, shirts, shoes for them and a set of abilities they can select. items the lotus flower, wingsuit, and radio are all awesome items but maybe you need more. the diamond leaf. basically what this does, it that when upcoming a chasm arrives, it creates a flat diamond plated shortcut that you can use to escape.
danny caggiano : this game is great! probably the best endless runner type game out there right now. it's super smooth and satisfying to play, and it's absolutely gorgeous! and the soundtrack is way better than it has any right to be. i legit want to buy the music and listen to it all day. only bad thing i've seen is that it can be a bit hard to see your character when it's dark. seriously get this game though.
bella h : its wonderful. completely relaxing, and my favorite part is how the scenery changes, along eithvthe weather! i would highly recommend ot to anyone! my onlu complaint is the music doesnt always play even though i have it on, and i really enjoy it. otherwise, spectacular!
tim van bruwaene : i've played the original alto's adventure almost 100%thing it and enjoy both versions equally as much. the timeless artstyle, the easy controls, and the replay value to kill some time is fenominal i've played it for years now starting with the original one around 2016. it's the one game app i'd never remove from my phone.
koba koball : uninspired, unsatisfying, poor ui (low contrast for obstacles), frequent ads, boring progression. basically everything you think of when you imagine a low-effort time waster.
a google user : please - fix the stuttering!!!! this is unbearable - after the game shows its first ad it continues to run only in slo-mo - it's not longer possible to time any jumps. i would really like to continue playing it, but this makes me throw my phone away ..
shubhi das : its just so relaxing and calming and adventurous too!!.... all the soundtracks played in game are just mesmerising...the graphics along with beautiful sceneries, landscapes are absolutely beautiful...it's a wonderful treat to play this game and along with the zen mode too it's just magical...totally loved it...and hats off to the developers
yaw boateng : at first i thought of this game as an average one, which can be played to pass time, but i put real time and effort into reaching my level and unlocking my players. now that i switched devices, i found out i would have to redo all my progress because even though my achievements are saved, my progress isn't. thanks a lot for making all my effort go to waste. i won't bother playing again so that more time is wasted. i am disappointed that you do not save progress and i am now deleting the app
shaun groomes : quite fun and besutiful game. i have noticed a handful of bugs while playing (ads fail to load and game cannot continue beyond that, controls are hit or miss, music gets loud unexpectedly). very different experience when compared to the other alto game which is smooth as butter
izzy : lost all progress twice at this point; when changing phones last year and when it started crashing when i tried to open it today, so i had to reinstall. after having reached level 60 and having approximately 20k coins after buying everything in the workshop, this is incredibly annoying. would have given four or five stars otherwise, but will not start from the beginning to play anymore.
vachila 64 : wow, what a game! who else can't believe this isn't paid game?! when love is put into a game, this is what you get! >_< the art, music and gameplay are gorgeous! such beautiful music and sound design add a full layer of beauty to how darn amazing the game is already! even the new landmarks, features, biomes and even the goals are like lure in their own way! >_< then did you notice how the game generates the weather changes and they are so smooth and beautiful!, truly a must play! also, zen mode!
dyi nel : it is a simple game of avoiding obstacles and doing tricks but i love it. the soundtrack in this game is beautiful and the sound design is on point.
ruona azigbo : pretty nice. finished it after a month or so. very challenging. some achievements are just ridiculous ultimately a good game. the music and scenery are very very nice
randy deinlein : i played the original alto to level 53 and love it. this one is a great alternative but has some serious rediculous expectations. like the wall grinding across chasms succeeds 1/10 times. nighttime is way too dark. wall grinding seems inconsistent. it's set up where you need the perfect balance of speed and timing. discouraging and unfair. character seems to slow down more than in original also which greatly impacts surviving chasms.
silvio navarro : a great sequel from noodlecake studios, alto's odyssey is approachable and aesthetic. gameplay is dynamic with plenty of challenging goals on each level - at the end of the day goals aside it is a fun survival type riding game. great improvement like dynamic grind features, wallride and ditching the llama chasing. ads aren't too annoying. a bit laggy at later levels of gameplay - still 5 stars!
human droid : beautiful scenes like you can take pictures along the ride i like the background and sound and colors and all that but those dont make a good game: i got distracted and didnt pay attention to rocks whatsoever (my excuses to fail b4 lvl2) other than that can you do a demo mode like i dont need to contol character and the character does all the trick by himself, where i just watch and listen to your original music?
ripping_face_records : this game is awsome! the background graphics are mesmerizing! music is not bad either! i did'nt give it 5 stars only because it has a tiny "glitch/pause" thing it does every so often and i gotta tell you, i've lost many an alto to that son of a glitch. - 4 1/2 stars -
adrija dey : i lovee this one too (i have alto's adventure too) this one has barely any ads and wow with the combination of the music, the superb graphics and the fab zen mode, this is definitely the bestest game on playstore. like woww. this is such a calm and relaxing game. i would surely recommend this to a friend. kudos to the developers. really beautiful, i hope for another alto adventure in some folks other landscape because i will certainly hace that on my phone on day 1 itself xd.
harper redd : great game, beutiful graphics, players are fun to unlock and challenges are just challenging enough, but as you get further into the game with faster riders it starts to get fairly glitchy, hence the 4 stars instead of 5. maybe it's just my phone.
a google user : the game has an astounding level of polish and is very relaxing to play (but still very stressful when those dang rocks come out if nowhere), but... i wish there was better support for notches on android. the game feels chopped off on my pixel 3 xl, and there's support for the notch in other games and for this game on iphone, so what's up? the game will get that final star from me for just that!
patrick al khoury : this game is amazingly fun and relaxing. the music the scenery the birds the time and weather change. wow it gets you into the game in seconds, its like meditation. my only comment and the only reason i have put 4 stars instead of 5 is that at night i cannot see the characters so i end up bumping into rocks and landcrashing. so i suggest editing the clothing of the characters to make them more visible at night if they are standing or upside down and to distinguish them easily from other objects.
david box : visually amazing and addictive! i love the audio too! definitely download!
andy b. : 3 stars because you have no replayability. basically if you finish the game there is nothing to do there. i would have loved to be able to reset the goals and start again the game, with all purchases i made. edit 10.03.2019 - they actually added reset progress :d 5 stars for that!
richardev : one of my favourite games. amazing scenery, smooth gameplay & controls. simple and pleasant to play. not filled with annoying ads. -1 star because this version doesn't seem as smooth as previous one. character stats seem downgraded compared to previous version.
vincenzo sclafani : what do we want? the next chapter of alto. when? now. honestly it's superb. some glitches still persist and alto doesn't collect the coins if too fast or jumps to the sky from a ramp or goes underground. i find watching videos for coins the equivalent of cheating.
sergey lind : very beautiful and addictive game. used to spend a lot of time practicing trick combos and hunting the achievements. to be honest, it lacks diversity in levels and abilities, but it's nice to have a ride or two from time to time.
raiden painn : a very beautiful game, you get immersed with the music and art the only problem i have with it is that it is really difficult to see obstacles at night but i guess that is how the night in real life is "heh heh heh"... anyways i am hoping for more immersion in future updates if it is possible.
rhudjunior louis-charles : i think this is perfect if your looking to relax through experiencing a world of cinematic design. it tends to lag or freeze upon starting up the app, but i have not spotted any major glitches. i highly recommend.
sandy mcgillivray : great game until it makes you watch a video after every single run. completely ruined it.
alayna hutchings : the game is fun, the zen is really relaxing, and the art is absolutely beautiful! but when it is set to the night or raining background, it's hard to tell the rocks from the bushes, and you trip over them a lot. other than that it's a great game to play with an empty mind.
omkar phadke : excellent graphics, excellent gameplay and more importantly, excellent music!! it's a must try game which calms you down... however, there is just one suggestion, since now a days all phones have hd display, can you please update the background of the game with a higher resolution? but best game overall
a google user : love this game! it's fun to pick for a few minutes or hours . the game play is simple to understand but challenging to land some of the jumps. there's achievements and in-game challenges. their first alto game is also terrific. i'm glad i found these.
michael comerford : i loved the first game and couldn't work out how they could make it better. then they did. very playable without spending actual money, utterly gorgeous graphics, and a delightfully simple premise that is engaging and entertaining. play it - it's awesome.
avishikta bishai : the game is nice and soothing but during the night time it's very tough to see the rocks i would suggest to make the game a little bit more interesting like there are only three landscape it would have been interesting if you could put more landscapes and more interesting characters. thank you
zoe hayward : the scenery and music is wonderful. feels meditative and serene..... and yet excitement builds... more difficult than you expect.... as your skills grow, the faster you can go, the more tricks you can perform... i absolutely loved altos adventure, though was hoping for more than just congratulations at the end, like a special segment you only found at certain point! so i'm hoping i'll be just as enjoying odyssey thank you.
benjamin h : amazingly challenging yet relaxing game. beuatiful visuals and simple controls. it's only flaw is it's ads, which costs $3.19aud to remove and still it only removes the pop ups. leaving behind the opt-in ads. just a bit expensive in my opinion for only 90% of ads removed
eneses93 : i thought i've seen intrusive adds, but you have one that straight up minimizes the game and opens the app store, already navigated to the thing its advertising. otherwise, the other positive comments about this game are all true. just, if you can't make it both free and playable, don't market it as free.
fatin_bunbun's : for me, alto's odyssey is a good game and challenging also, kinda relaxing but tricky and testing our focus too !! it's a good game and i do love alto's adventure as well, for me both of alto's is recommended for all and the graphics really cool and fantastic. [edit] i do install it just few moments a go and played it. kinda cool and exciting. really loved it !! with background music i'm satisfied. and the zen mode for real i loved it !! it just a beautiful game with stunning nature scenery
nil daanil : the music & the art is good, bring the relaxing vibe. the control needs some trials and errors to master it, which is good. (tons of mobile games didn't provide the nice vibe, coz lack attention to audio design, and the advanced control experience). well done
marcin szyniszewski : fun game, just too many adverts! beautifully designed, great music and fun quests, but you may end up watching ad videos all the time. it's a real shame, because it's a great game if you forget about the ads.
umesh rai : wow!!!!!!! i never-ever did , review on the games, but this game was different from the others. game is simple and its a masterpiece. really loved it i downloaded alto adventure too. the zen mode gives such a relaxed vibes and the scenery are beyond the levels and there must be self recording video too in the game.
fluffy_monster : beautiful graphics and game play!
georgia alix : i'm giving this app a five because it deserves it. the graphics, the song and scenery is awesome. the only reason i uninstalled it, is becausr the game got a bit repeatative for me. there's not a lot that you could do and i know that it's going for that medidative/relaxing game vibe, but it got a bit boring after a while.
metal head : great game and super addicting i love to just put my headphones on and play zen mode when i'm stressed out. also there have been a few people on here that say this game has too many ads!? well thats just bs, it does not have too many ads and if it did they still give us the skippable ones too!! highly suggest downloading!
andrew polizzi : game looks awesome, but i had to uninstall shortly after installing. the game itself was great but after just about every run there was a 30 second+ ad. being bad at the game at first means you spend more time watching ads than playing the game. quite annoying.
mark fulcher : the game is great. especially if you like endless runners in general. it's nice and original. but now it's plagued by adverts like everything else. it always had ads like you'd expect, but it's just too often now and really takes the fun out of it.
ben matthew : there is no other run and gun type esk game i would rather recommend. this game has excellent music, physics, settings, characters and abilities. it's a game that you play and relax playing or to play as fast as you can with the wing suit. 10/10 would recommend.
don mcgregor : what is the point in an option to choose to watch an ad to stay on your run, if ads play anyway. no matter what you do ads pop up everywhere! i really really liked this game, and was fine with watching an ad if i want to keep going, but now i have to watch ads to play in general!
follower of kek : a brilliantly relaxed game that uses a beautiful art style, simple but addictive gameplay. it takes the original and just adds more but with a refreshed look. both games are gems, couple them with some good music and you have a winner this is the only mobile game i have put money into well done noodlecake.
torin sadow : great game for relaxing, takes a while to gain experience and level up. achievements can only be gained 3/run, encouraging the player stop a run after gaining achievements rather than continuing the run to maximize run length. great game otherwise.
gowtham t : it's good and cool game just like alto's adventure . but after a long game play in a single run the game is shutting down suddenly during game play. it's not just one time it happened to me 5-6 times like this. i hope the developers fix it .
tennille selph : it won't even download ! it's not that i don't have internet or wifi i'm right by a hotspot and it still hasn't downloaded after 5 hours !!!!! don't waste ur time trying to download it . its stuck in the stage were its "installing " but while it's in that stage u cant delete and try again to download it . and may i say that in the first part of downloading it took 30 minutes ! it sucks
kartikey mullick : i would recommend this game just to play in the zen mode, it's so amazingly gorgeous and beautiful and the music is so moving, you'll get transported to a different place altogether. absolutely incredible and huge props to the development team behind this gem!
mustaeyolfpedes : alto's adventure was great. it ran smoothly with no lag, the game responded to my inputs, it never completely ignored the fact that i was trying to continue. this game has none of those features. it's incredibly laggy and choppy, the sound shreds itself, and the video continue button doesn't work. it's entirely unplayable. if i could rate this at 0 stars i would, all day every day. incredibly disppointing game for this awesome developer team to put out.
ocia bear : this is the best game i've ever played. i've had this (and the og) for literally years. did not care that i had to rebuy it when switching phone brands, was excited to shove more money at creators for inventing the most relaxing, time-eating game. i cannot go on an airplane without playing this game
shivam : everything is perfect!! this game is incredible, it has all, good graphics, great sound and simple controls. i've played both adventure and odyssey and i personally like odyssey because it has new stuffs like sandboard and compass etc. overall it's a fantastic game.
dinkar rav : an absolute mobile magic. alto's odyssey surpassed alto's adventure in every way which was amiracle itself. stunning visual with beautiful and nice color tones just keeps your eyes pleasing and heart warming. music is incredible too. the gameplay never gets boring and animation is fluid. don't get mistaken by the fact its set in desert, it is incredible and will surprise you and least bore you. this is the best and by far most beautiful mobile game i have played and i suppose anyone can play.
j s : such a beautiful game, extremely soothing to play. i appreciate the zen mode which is magical at calming you down. the graphic is amazing, the music is wonderful. i think this one is better than journey because it's more varied in biomes and places. although there are ads but it's understandable, you don't need to buy currency to purchase tools and devs gotta earn money somehow.
christina traffanstedt : very addicting game but it lags sometimes which gets frustrating when i'm close to reading goals and then can't make a jump properly. it also has a bad habit of restarting the app when i finish watching ad videos to keep my run going after a fall.
manoj kumar : bug.. when using wing suit ..after a crash there's a little falling animation ..during this time if u press the wing suit button ..then you continue playing with out crashing ...im not sure if this is a bug but it happens.. another one .. if you play zen mode for too long(when i say too long ..i mean ..very very long ..like 20 min or so.. ) ...app crashes.. other than these ...app is awesome...
james gosling : i had read the graphics were great and game was really good so i downloaded it. i absolutely loved it. i just finished every mission and completed the game. very good fun. perfectly balanced and interesting. really well done to the developers!
ahrimanne z : first review 13.01.19 - hmmm. yes it's simple and entertaining. now i love alto & maya but i still can't grind the gaps. sad that i deleted it originally as i'd got much further than i am now. endless pleasure, great music & simple but effective graphics
karen traficante : have loved and enjoyes this game (and others from the same developers) for years now. still among my favourites. graphics are incredibly beautiful and smooth, the music is spot on and the gameplay is easy, but it never gets boring (or frustrating either!).
nirav rai : what a beautiful and fun looking game that is a metaphor for life. sometimes you fall down but you gotta get back up and keeping gliding through life. sometimes we have to get the coins (money) and other times we have to ignore the coins to get that tripple jump and just enjoy life.
pwetzl : love the art and music! i appreciate the endless zen mode. there's a whole bunch of levels to complete, half of them i do without specifically intending. which only makes it more fun! kinda hard to get tired of it lol
a google user : very soothing music and pleasant background. the levels are challenging and at the same time,not very difficult.my suggestion is that, i cant see the character or the rocks very clearly as they tend to get blend in the background, thats all but otherwise a very enjoyable game...
pedro suescun : just starting, the game looks nice but is too hard a lot of times to tell if something is background or an obstacle, especially when going fast, i guess it takes time to get used to it but games (especially free mobile games) have to be as intuitive as possible or people just move on.
nathan mugford : i played the first alto game up to level 51, so that should show you how much i enjoyed the first one. that being said, i can already tell that i'm going to enjoy this one even more. several new items, obstacles, and more varied locations have made this a great experience so far. really great and relaxing game.
dave c : the game is too dark in half of the game play. the obstacles are hard to see when the lighting is nearly nonexistent, causing you to crash a lot more. this issue has been publicly addressed for 3 years now, so it shows the developer has no intention to fix it. it's a cool game, but that really kills the game play for me, and my brightness is on 100%.
yoram zeifman : this would get 5 stars easily but when you crash from literally nothing that really dampens the game, specifically just now i had the lotus flower and went for a backflip which i knew i wouldn't make but i had lotus flower so it was fine, nope crashed. that is the first time that has happened to me but constantly i get my game ended by either glitching through the map or no speed after jumping and also get rid of the jump where a balloon comes up. cool idea but never works.
theticpython676 : its a super relaxing game! but the rocks are too dark,and i thought its not a rock,and i don't jump on it,just downloaded it,failed so many times and can you pls put some buttons? so i can tap them,cause its not easy-to-use the controls,it doesn't react that fast! pls make a setting that activates the buttons!! love the game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ahamed hisham : an immersive, surreal journey through the desert. the scenic background is so beautifully distracting and the music makes you feel elated. a game you can play to relax and challenge yourself a little. 10/10.
stefan panait : seems like one of the achievements is bugged: windswept (100 backflips from tornadoes) does not unlock even after doing what felt like 500 of them. also, stats page does not cover this or pool dives (also an achievement). makes it pretty infuriating for the perfectionists out there.
michael fikaris : a game experience worthy of your time! i liked the first game, but i love this one. the controls are the same but the new gameplay mechanics are a welcome addition. i also like how the requirements to level up seem to be a bit easier than the original game. good job, devs!
derek engebretson : fun gameplay, little annoyances. the game will kill you too often from things you couldn't avoid, such as going over a jump and a hot air balloon doesn't come in time for you to bounce off or you go over a cliff and you don't have enough speed to make it over. don't punish the player for something they cannot control. it makes me not want to practice or try and get a high score.
imogen jackson : loved the game on my old phone. got a new phone quite a bit after. i hadn't played it for about a week on my new phone, and now it constantly lags, and has deleted my progress. lovely graphics and cool concept, but i can't even play it now.
anshul saxena : one of the best running games i have ever played. it has beautiful graphics , great physic , great relaxing and soothing music. when i am at stress i always play this game i feel relaxed this is one of the most underrated android running games which you can enjoy. i will recommend a tablet for playing this game because in tablets graphics look beautiful but if you play this on your phone the graphics definitely look great but you will not enjoy the full potential of game in phone.
aru adee : best game i've ever played. beautiful sceneries make the game satisfying to play
shiv shankar : the most relaxing game ever. i play it every time i am upset. the music is so soothing and the backgrounds in the game makes me feel better. there is also a zen mode where you can keep on going without worrying about the scores and coins. and yeah, use headphones for a better experience. thanks.
clarke turner : so much fun super chill and pretty easy there are not many ads and all the mechanic's are perfect
becky s : i love this game! it's beautiful, has a great music and is a nice, easy game to play. i really like the inclusion of lemurs and birds and the different landscapes / time of day. there aren't too many ads, great prices for the few options you can purchase.
elizabeth hays : this game is the best mobile game i have ever played. this is better than a lot- scratch that- all of the paid games i've played. for a free game, it's fantastic. if there's something you don't like about it, just do the zen mode. swipe right on the home page. and if you didn't get the tutorial, do it again. it's in settings. or look it up, or ask for help, or maybe practice it. that's the point of learning something new, right? oh, and wear headphones! that ost... god, it's so good.
marianna zakova : i absolutely love this game. one of my absolute favourites. the graphics is breathtaking, music is calming, playing neither too easy nor too hard. you don't have to purchase real money for the best features, as it is in most of games. in this version, you have 4 different biomes, which makes it more enjoyable. this project must be created by people who really enjoy their work and not only do it for money. thank you very much for this amazing game!
nate wick : i've been playing the alto games since they first released and i love them so much! i appreciate the intricate details they put into the games which you don't get in mobile games, especially when it comes to the soundtrack which i never i never get tired of hearing! i really hope that one day they will make another alto game. it's the only game i have never deleted from my mobile phones over the years.
marko zivanovic : bugs bugs bugs. every time i reach a high score around 220000 the freaking thing crashes, every time i beat my distance record the game crashes shortly after, and to add salt to the wound, the freaking game forgets my 20000 combo goal. fix the damn game! playing on a clean samsung s8 ffs, do i need a 1000 dollar iphone to make the game work?
peter olson : i can't seem to load the game anymore. the game was really fun and quite addicting, but ever since the dec 15th i can't seem to start the game. it always seems to crash after loading right when it gets to the intro with the rising sun.
pickleisgreen : i fell in love with the first game and i fell harder for this one. such an experience. simple controls yet needing of a level of skill. beautiful and atmospheric environments and music. awesome freaking game. i can't stress that enough.
adam aloof : favorite phone game series, from the first to this one. i have replayed both multiple times... i like doing it the second time with no skips ;) simple but challenging and satisfying gameplay and beautiful aesthetics. can't wait for a third!
laureline hardy : i played it once, then played altos adventure, which is really cool too, and when i had finished with both i've reset altos odyssey just to go through it all over again! really good game, calming and challenging at the same time, it's one of my favorite games now!
james le : i love this game! it has beautiful graphics, intuitve controls, a great soundtrack, and the gameplay is so relaxing. i like this even better than alto's adventure. its a great game to play when you're on the go or if you just want to chill. would recommend this to anyone who is a human.
isa : awesome game! i think the only problem u will have with the game, is whether to concentrate on the game or immerse yourself in the stunning visuals. everything works just fine, lovely graphics, wonderful game play. to sum it up its a lovely game. kudos to the developers.
the rockstar : this is really amazing time-killer and also a great game to play offline. this game is best for easy controls and a long time play without getting bored. also it is offline so you are away from everything and fully into the game. it has amazing graphics and amazing gameplay. i just love it!
roaming briton : always admired these games! the only problem i have is that the soundtrack keeps turning off when the soundtrack makes the gaming experience even better. a bit disappointed with that but i still love the the game on the whole. keep it up, guys!
pavith : this game is a beautiful. it is a very calm and relaxing game to play in your spare time. the game is set in the desert with many different places to visit and many challenges to conquer. it is completely offline and doesn't spam you with adds every time you lose. that i am grateful for.
amrutesh naregal : the game is good. i unlocked every character in the game. now when i reinstalled the game it's starting from beginning even after saving it to google play games. i also have achievements of every character unlocked but still not getting the game from where i stopped..
techno savvy : good game overall, but not as good as alto's adventure. the fact that some of the canyon jumps can end you because you are going too fast in a game where you are supposed to keep building speed is just frustrating.
mary : the simplicity of rules for the game honed to perfection. the music is so soothing and utterly breathtaking - and if you're wearing headphones, the better the experience. thank you developing such a beautiful game. i've been playing this for the last 2 years on the go.
meng s. : hardly notice a rock when dark, especially it on top of the background with dark color. cant see what on the signboard when dark, causing hard to decide to do a back flip or prepare to wallride. too many ads, popping up too frequent, it becomes very annoying and frustrating when you keep fall and the ads keep popping up, should just show after a few minutes
leigh : a beautiful game, fun to play and with amazing music. i really enjoy zen mode and my favorite thing about the game is that it feels so low-risk; you have goals but only to get better than yourself. it's clear that the journey is more important than the destination and that's something i love.
elizabeth mcelroy : can't get past the tutorial because it stops every 2 seconds to tell me something and thus breaking my speed. there is no way to turn off the hints that pause the game either. it seems like it would be cool if they allowed you to get past the tutorial.
 : the game is wonderful! i fell in love with the views and the music! but! the amount of advertisements and the absence of the buttons to close them made me crazy. this problem influenced on the desire to continue playing.
meridian : this is one of, if not the best, mobile game i've played. the music and sounds are absolutely beautiful and make the game even better. the visuals are nothing short of breathtaking. there are no ads unless you press "watch ad to revive". i could play this game for hours on end, i truly hope you download it. 10/10.
noah hadamik : best game ever! it's so relaxing and the challenges are really fun and not too easy the only thing i don't like is the ads because they're really long and it kinda destroys the vibe but you can just turn off you wifi. in the end this game is since 2019 favourite game and will always be!
denny fredman : certainly has the capabilities to be amusing & responsive, though it fell short for me, unable to progress after several weeks. suppose one needs to be a chimp from the beginning to jump the hoops. it carries about an ambience & thought i'd have at least some of the required skill, being a wee bit nimble. guess not, dam shame. hop for a swift recover soon from unankleing & knows bleed
kahil mamodaly : amazing scenaries and landscapes. described as a "relaxing" and sould easily have 6* out of 5 if it weren't for poor strategic decisions. quantitative objectives are very stressfull and the game change its gameplay to create an addiction. also lemurs who chase you are a really stressfull, unecessary, incomprehensible feature that don't motivate to play at all and ruins the experience. gameplay features like wall ride are cool. also ads are really long (60 sec) and the flying suit is useless
tim jerz : just as good as the first one but maybe slightly better with new characters and what not. no issues with forced ads is always a plus!! its a pretty chill experience playing with some great visuals and sound.
jordan campbell : love it! so relaxing. the wall ride mechanics were a fun addition, i didn't get it right away. if you rotate to much into a flip you won't ride the wall. i was disappointed there were no elders, but the lemurs take their place and add a new challenge. great game!
lord spaces : you did a great job, the game is interesting. but we'll need more control for alto, like immediately jumping down incase you mistakenly jumped up. the dark times get too dark even when the screen brightness is at the highest. zen mode is lovely, but could be spiced up a bit. well, i don't know how, but you've got the brain. overall, great job. i'll leave no stars behind, you got it all 5 stars
vijay satyam : it has proven to be the successor of alto's adventure, which is great. the addition of zen mode is great. now there are collectibles too. i just need more collectibles( or items) to buy ( with in-game currency) for use.
alex bottani : i still see ads even though i purchased the option to remove them. this is probably because i have two email accounts on this device, but this definitely shouldn't happen and the bug must be solved. the game it self is great though, please resolve the bug
dave kemp : this is one of the best games i've played on my mobile! the music, the graphics, the objectives, the flow ... everything is amazing. i've finished it and now am playing altos adventure. please make more like this with alto. it's just the best.
jeff demaria : amazing game, terrible developer. ads are very intrusive and annoying. i'd easily pay $20 for the option to switch them off. developer used to be great but have followed competitors to become greedy and lazy with a focus on ad revenue from extremely questionable and scammy sources. shame as the game is quite special.
sujan malakar : the game is is really nice, with the graphics and the music. but the ads are just insufferable, there are many 30 seconds ad that can't be skipped and you have to sit through those ads everytime you die.
chris nicole : it's cute and fun and all, but theres so many clickbait ads that show up every time you fall in the game. and theres no x to close the ad until the ad has played for at least 5 seconds. ads suck. makes me not want to play.
robin bird : this is my favorite game! it is awesome with really high graphics! its not a pay to win game so thats really good to! i love the sounds and custom music in this game, its absolutely perfect for zenning out! the only minor in this app is the ads, which happen every few runs and kinda gets me out of my mood with the loud ads, but i get it, its for helping the app. over all 11 out of 10! great job alto!
donna woodby : this game was quite fun! i liked the controls, they were simple and easy to learn, the gameplay was also pretty great, the graphics were also decent. my only problem was that sometime the game would freeze up for no reason.
roger f : great game, i've been playing alto for years. now, all the sudden, odyssey game crashes at 35k meters, every single time. i cannot go further. what's up with that? also, are you working on any updates? like maybe new items in the workshop?
pro clasher : better than the original game, with much better backgrounds and generally funner to play. only thing that the game lacks is the ability to move forward in air, only backflips means you may sometimes not be able to land alive.
benjamin crucena : a very cool game, the music is so smooth and relaxing, also the controls are very good. but i am writing 4 stars because sometimes there is this flying glitch and i crash into a chasm jump. hope you can fix this.
a google user : really fun, virtually stunning game. i enjoyed it overall and it was satisfying to beat. as things got more complex, the game became a bit repetitive. by level 40 i was ready for it to end. the game also frequently became pixelated and jerky as the player sped up on my galaxy s9.
amerikathefree : very beautiful game, runs smooth, difficult enough to be challenging but not too difficult that it's impossible. didn't think they could top the original game alto but they managed to do a wonderful job on a sequel, i hope there is another game soon!
ferran castellvi barnes : 2 things to do, last 2 days and get 350k point and the game crashes everytime i get over 200k for no reason. congrats, you did the most frustrating unending game i've ever played. i mean, it was cool but this ruined everything. uninstalling. (and the ads are a bit annoying)
nick b : this is the best mobile game i've ever played. i've played it daily for almost 6 months. i hit max on all upgrades and levels ages ago and i feel like i've only just started. you should add more goals to accomplish! i'm just trying to get into a top ten on one of the leaderboards! lol
yuraii samayurai : never had a problem with the game until now, the music becomes very glitchy and sometimes when it gets to the point where all i can hear is glitcjed audio/music, i have to pause in order for the audio to return to normal, only for it to happen again :(
tyler dane : really fun, beautiful game with great music and art. it has ads, and you have to pay to remove them unless you disconnect from wi-fi, and then you can't see them. to get 5 stars from me, they would have to remove all in app purchases that require real money, and get rid of all the ads.
iceofphoenix88 : where can you go wrong with alto? zen mode is relaxing, the graphics are incredible and the gameplay is silky smooth. the music is stunning and this game deserves more attention. you should have no reason not to install these two lovely games.
daniel buller : the music alone is worth the price of admission, not to mention the art style and increased trick combo options the added from the last game. i could spend hours recommending this game to you but i won't. get it. play it. love it. go team alto!
alvaro gonzalez garcia : this is an example of how great games are made. on my first day i already made the purchase to remove pop up adds: the game, and the people behind it, completely deserve it. the already amazing free game experience just improves by expending 3e on this master piece. absolutely recommend. love it.
morgan williams : just a fantastic, simple game. i was happy to pay the few bucks for the ad free version, considering the amount of entertainment i've gotten. edit: recommend playing on a tablet - it's a little tough to see on a phone screen (galaxy s7).
penny dg : great, relaxing and fun game, however i've just unlocked the character 'paz' who is supposed to be able to ride into rocks and smash them instead of crashing into them. the first run i did as paz was fine but after that it keeps making me crash into rocks instead of surviving. help!
lung mihai : i really want to give this game 5 stars, but i just can't. more than half of my deaths are just from random event that i have no control over, such as randomly dying when landing on my feet, crashing into a rock right after a combo, because of a split second when the shield didn't activate after a combo, falling through ropes that i'm supposed to grind when perfectly horizontal and failing to jump when i'm on a ramp which leads me to just fall in a chasm. fix these issues and i'll chage it.
luke a : i've played both games, and i still can't believe how much they were able to improve off adventure. i love the new sandboarding feature, and the new ways to grind and earn points are also fun as well. just like the previous game, it's awesome!
kevaan naidoo : love it!! the dynamic lighting and scenery is just so relaxing and beautiful, and it's such a fun time passer. smooth, easy controls that's simple for any person to pick up and play, any time anywhere
d p t : i love these two games: alto's odyssey and adventure... nice music, simple commands, nice graphics, good pace of the action, very usefull to have them on the mobile, good for the "in-between" jobs/trains/buses or for moments to relax on the couch. thanks!
michael dominguez : it's just a great game. it's fun, controls are intuitive, soundtrack is atmospheric, characters are all slightly different, and it offers a great combo and scoring system along with challenging but fun goals. overall a 9/10
sean cloghessy : they've done it again! altos adventure is one of the few mobile games i keep coming back to. with it's simple gameplay, breathtaking visuals and some of the best music i've ever heard in a video game. and i can happily say that it's all here too! keep up the great work noodlecake!
persijn : love the game, though sometimes the jumps are hard, but that's part of the fun. one thing i'd like to see is a version to play this game in portrait mode, think it would be a cool mechanic to have in the game. (so you can play portrait or landscape mode)
rjsgrawsome : i truly have no negative feelings about this game. it is infinite and calming, the soundtrack is phenomenal, the gameplay and graphics style is unlike any game i have played in a long time. i very often find my self playing this whenever i have time on my hands away from home. every time i open up the app, i feel like i'm playing a new game, it never gets old, it's always a new experience. i definitely recommend downloading this beautifully crafted game, and i'm sure it will quickly become of your favorite games. 10/10
ali raiz : theres really nothing to say because this has all the specifications i was looking for and it can really kill time in boredom . the music makes you feel the game and keeps you playing for hours . also the graphics are amazing just i was expecting and i could see every little detail and scenery.
veteranzero : so frustrating, game is literally on the line of being awesome. character flips way too slow (good luck landing flips) , rocks are too small to see too avoid crashing into making it very easy for the player to start all over again or watch an ad. i'll pass.
ventralflower15 : every thing is great about this game. the art design, the enviroment, and that sweet music. the only reason i gave it four stars is because of lag spikes keeps happening during the game.which disrupts my gameplay.if this promblem can be solved i will make sure you will have five stars from me.
alpha : this game has amazing aesthetics in music and scenery, along with gameplay that's simple in concept but very addicting. been playing for a while now, but now that i have my new phone and can play it properly thought i'd leave a review.
d may : loved it! the graphics were amazing and the scenery is beautiful! the music is calm, peaceful and so well written. i could play the game and glide along in zen mode for hours! would totally reccomend to anyone who wants a peaceful and interesting adventure game!
danny m : ads gradually become more frequent, i get that its free but when you start playing the ads show rarely but as you progress ads are shown after each game and some are 20-30 seconds long without a close button. shame because game is well done. same applies for the first game in this series.
faith raj : the game would've been an 5 starer if not for bugs, it always crashes when i get past 20k meters and all progress is lost its like the game doesn't want me to have an high score, the developer doesn't release any updates fix this bugs, there's no contact support, it's like we're playing an demo version
andrew s : the gold standard for mobile games. really good gameplay and progression, as well as a pretty light monetization scheme. the improvements over the last game are mostly good, i'd prefer some way to turn off the sandboard once i get it, but overall better.
waluigi 01 : truly beautiful, the art, music, & gameplay go wonderful together. it's quite relaxing at most times, but can get pretty intense. the controls are just as clean as the graphics, and the gameplay makes it worthwhile.
molly magriplis : so much fun, helps me to calm down and distract myself for long amount of time. the game is straight forward and fun with beautiful visuals!! only sometimes the change in lighting makes it difficult to see.
zee : i love this game but there's a bug with the ads. you're not able to exit out of the ads so you have to exit out of the entire game just to continue on with a run. it really sucks because this game is otherwise perfect :/ i'll update my review if this bug is fixed
peter mattsson : looks and sounds lovely, but the difficulty level is just a little too high for me, making it frustrating rather than fun to play. this is the second time i've installed it, and after about half an hour's play, i've remembered why i stopped playing the first time! a pity, as it's very nearly very good.
felix gonzalez : it's a good but extremely frustrating game. i lost track of the number of times i had jumped over an obstacle only to land within a millimeter of another obstacle with no chance of doing anything. and the obstacles are procedurally generated so good luck knowing when the game will pull that trick. like i said it is a good game but it requires a lot of patience to play.
m paayn : amazing!!!!! simpy, amazing!! trust me when i say i literally never come back to give an app a review but this.... this is the one right here. the whole aesthetic of the game is absolutely well laid out. it's really subtle with the game mechanisms, really easy to master. so enjoyable!!! ohhh and the tracklist. don't even get me started. just downlaod it for yourself you won't regret this.
andrew palmer : this might be the best made mobile game i've ever played. the artwork is beautiful. the sound is exquisite. the gameplay is simple and mechanics are reliable. it only takes minutes to learn, and yet surprises occur at regular intervals to keep you entertained. i really can't think of a single flaw. amazing.
rotepsi : the game is simple after awhile, but at first everything is complicated. the variety of characters fuels the idea of change. tired of constantly doing tricks then just pick a character with more speed.
post nouveau : absolutely adore this gem of a game. truly is the pinnacle of mobile gaming. for those looking for a casual time-waster, this is the best it gets. beautiful, relaxing and smooth, for an ad-free experience just turn off your wi-fi and it will work just as well
shaman charriere : nearly perfect. 5*music, 4*control, & 5*visuals. two critics though. #1paz, the most fruatrating character to play. back flipping even from high height is a 50% chance to crash, missions like smash 5rocks are nearly impossible cause to get boost before rocks is to flip or grind but grinds usually end after rocks and flips are death sentances. wall grindings glitchy and some gaps with grinds+jumps are impossible at certain speeds with 0 way to predict them. loved adventure & odessy please fix <3
mohammad safwan azad : this is probably one of the best free mobile games that don't need internet, there's barely any ads and it barely lags and even if there are ads you can easily skip them, i also love the soundtracks, the visuals, graphics and the scenery are amazing, an improvement would be to have no ads
andy bagchi : one of the best mobile games i have ever played. reminds me of journey on playstation. the gameplay is fluid and intuitive, the game world is beautifully designed and the music is ethereal. amazing stuff! definitely recommended!
datre : one of the best mobile games ever made. it takes everything good from the previous game and just adds even better things. the gameplay is easy yet interactive. the art in combination with the day-night cycle and weather looks gorgeous. tip: disable internet access for the app for 0 ads.
prince ahuja : i dont like that idea where the player has to end the run to achieve goals for next level, why cant developers reset the parameter or the new goals value to zero as soon as previous gets achieved and let the current run stay. otherwise i love the game ,its superb . if you guys can acknowledge and reply to this with something acceptable i am good with it . i really wanna rate this game as 5 star
shayoni majumder : peaceful, calming and fun. i personally am too picky for games. i usually install a game try it for some time. if it doesnt appeal me i uninstall and never look back.but this game just caught my attention real well. love the gameplay, concept, beautiful scenery and soothing background music.
aaron paz : one of the most beautiful and relaxing games ever. well worth the price. hard enough for it to be challenge but not do hard for it to be frustrating. you can play the whole game without buying anything which is cool. loved it
dolyn mcdonald : wonderful game. ads are rare. very peaceful, with beautiful scenery and fantastic music. just when it starts to get a bit boring, they introduce a new move. 10/10 would recommend for those looking for a game that's chill while being entertaining.
pratik singh bisht : dear alto team, i would have given a 5 star rating but in zen mode, the background music is great but it stops playing after few minutes. i really enjoy that music and gameplay with it but hate it when it stops. please do something about it asap.:-)
saucey : game has a lot of bugs, everything is beautiful and its very entertaining but it feels unpolished over extended playthroughs. some examples include lemurs being able to fly and walknon air if you use your wingsuit and another is if you die before the lotus flower touches your player (after opening a pot or running through it) it does not give you invincibilty and it will stick to your player.
josh b : put simply... this game is aesthetically beautiful. everything about it screams 'play more'. the only gripe i have is when you're given a mission but after 2 hours of gameplay not given the criteria to fulfill that mission in what seems to be randomly generated biomes. will continue to search this world for a shipwreck...
t b : everything works nicely with just one tap. except the wingsuit. just like the previous game it's this awkward button. at least let me decide if i want the button left or right like i can with the pause menu, but nope.
abigail bing : honestly still one of the best games i've ever downloaded. super satisfying, challenging in places but relaxing. i love the graffics, the music, the characters. i really hope you make a third!
ram bhosale : though that it's just another running/escaping game. but turns out it's an awesome adventure filled ride. the scenery is just great the colours are so vibrant and the dynamic weather adds another dimension to the game. must try it.
j c : a simple yet addictive concept. beuatiful and soothing music. wonderful artistry. the good variety of in game challeneges keep it interesting. i've been a console gamer for years and didn't think phone games where real "video games". alto's odyssey changed that.
christopher aggers : alto's odeyssey is very addictive. the gameplay is on point and the graphics phanomenal. the unlockable characters have great perks but its fun to comlete missions switching back and forth between characters. thank you for this wonderful game. it really took me by surprise!
redeye : this game is beautiful, the visuals and music in this game are incredible. this game has goals to complete to unlock new characters and has a zen mode where you have an endless game with unlimited chances (but cannot complete goals.) this is a very fun game and i highly recommend it to everyone.
scott markham : this is a very fun game, but it's frustrating because there are so many facets of the course that pop up that you can never overcome. basically if they want you to do, theres nothing you can do regardless of how skilled you become at the game. i'd gladly pay money to stop watching the ridiculous and age inappropriate video ads that you are forced to watch to continue as well.
martenov ionut : by far it's one of the best games for relaxing a bit and forget about our crazy day to day lives. much more friendly and easier to collect coin than in alto's adventure and that, from my side, is one big big plus. put more goals in it, this is my only request! thank you for this amazing game!
l foxwell : brilliant follow up to alto's adventure. my music cuts off after i receive my first advert, so i have to play with sound effects only. really frustrating because the music makes the game so cool and relaxing. still playing at though.
michael bensur : better than the first one. love how they kept the same controls and just added more features, obstacles and levels. super glad there are less ads! can't wait for altos exodus! and altos world! and altos universe! keep up the good work!
jens hammesfahr : i really love this game, been playing a few runs on and off over the time even after i fonished all tasks and bought everything. that being said, i do have one thing which i find problematic: the second i see lightning strikes i have to stop playing and close the game as i cannot handle that. so i have to ask, is there a way to turn of the lightning strikes? if not, could it please be added, would mean so much. i imagine other people with similar problems like epilepsy or so would agree with me
boredwayfarer : hi, there's a specific chasm jump where you need to wall jump and increase in height really fast. it is possible to be done with alto and certain earlier players, but i believe it is impossible to be done by sumara. i've been playing this game a lot for quite a while already, and it is still impossible. please check and maybe let me know. thanks
bleuberrycookie : i would like to report a bug that occurs when an add pop up appears that makes my game unable to play music even tho the music sound in settings is at max its a pretty frustrating thing cuz music in this game is what i really enjoy about it so restarting the game every time an add appears just to fix this music issue is very annoying also its only the music that is affected cuz i can still hear the game sounds.but other than that this game is a really fun relaxing peace of art.
hound of hysteria : so far a solid game. actually skill based. i would suggest making the rocks a different color from the rest of the background bits like trees and such. it's not particularly apparent when you need to jump one.
amanda morales : i really love the game, but it's barely playable for me on my galaxy. it's almost always glitching out and the music glitches as well. i'm not sure if it has to do with my phone or what. but i shut the game off pretty early due to me not being able to play it.
ima pseudonym : boy, when they don't want you to come close to being able to finish a level, they pull out all the stops. one of my favorites was having to get something to smash a rock. but it's so high up that its literally impossible to get. or putting a magnet (it attracts coins) right behind a rock. making it, you guessed it, impossible to get. but then, the longer they keep you playing, the more ads they can assault you with. and that, after all, is the point.
bradley duke : absolutely beautiful and relaxing. i love it. the graphics are smooth and easy to see. anyone who says they cant see the obstacles must need a new phone or eyes. don't skip this game based on their reviews! try it for yourself!
r pergande : played the first alto game. loved it. this one is even better. for something so simple, amazing game. one problem though. you make it to 50k meters, game shuts down. can't do the last challenge of 350,000 points. please fix.
marko mojsov : amazing design, perfect ambiance and sound. if you want to relax and still have a fun time it's definitely worth a download. i only wish you could pick which weather you want to have, quite the pluviophile myself.
s. e. anderson : this game is the best!!!!! easy controls to pick up. well paced game progression. character and upgrade unlocks that reward your every sandboading trip. beautiful scenery. relaxing and appropriate music and sound effects.
antonio b : the atmosphere you created is so peaceful, calm and lonely, this game is something really special to me. the music you choose is soo beautiful, especially in the infinite game modus. those graphics underline the wonderful gameplay and music. i always imagined the young boy alto, with nothing left than his llamas and a beautiful, sad but adventurous life. all those sounds and pictures in this game made me so dreamy and i found the parallels to my life and i think i'm not the only one. thank you!!
trey thompson : a simple infinitely moving and changing track game similar to the likes of subway surfers and temple run, however its unique quality is it's 2d style and biome based changes to obstacles and environments. a fun game to keep on the phone for passing time in a waiting room or to keep a kid entertained when need be.
alisa s : i really enjoyed this game, the instructions were clear , the graphics beautiful, and there were very few ads. i especially enjoy that you guys added zen mode because it let's you practice and the background music is calming and soothing. great game!
ashwin s. : easily one of the finest mobile games i have ever played. you just have to experience it for yourself. everything from the graphics to the music to the gameplay itself, as well as the goals and achievements along the way, work in synchrony to give the game a particular tranquil yet exciting aura that is so unique.
sushi scribbles : the art in this game is goregous. stunning visuals, i get so distracted by how pretty it is i keep losing lol, sometimes it is a little hard to see alto, but other than that for now this game is interesting and of course beautiful (ps, the soundtrack is also so beautiful as well)
john farnworth : very soothing, simple to play, really nice art. improvements could be made to the sandbourd tutorial (instructions are very vague and don't tell you what it needs you to do to move onto the next bit).
sk hasibul alam : another endless runner with no storyline. control is not that fluid. your attention must always be directed to the bottom-right corner of your screen to look for rocks so that you won't stumble. the worst thing is, on a steep downward slope, your reflex won't be enough to save you from stumbling (the rocks appear from almost bottom-left corner of screen). probably it's the intended mechanics so that you have to watch adverts to revive your player.
ankush mallik : a very good time passing game....it's very easy and it's graphics and animation are incredibly great....much loved and i hope it'll get upgraded! if i was asked to recomend it to someone i would say it should played buy everyone...it's not age restricted!
mayank shandilya : the controls are fast, accurate and responsive it works on most hardware and has not only a vivid and good setting but also pleasant music and sfx . overall a very good game . it does have optional iap but they aren't compulsory of shoved in your face.
cormac gillis : i absolutely love this game, i play it whenever i need to de-stress. i played alto's adventure adamantly and coming back to see the sequel was such a pleasant surprise. nice additions to the original gameplay and amazing visuals, it really blew me away.
avi zephyra : one of the most beautiful mobile games i have ever played. the art style, the music, the overall aesthetic is amazing. gameplay is super engaging and the terrain feels new every time. love it.
yagnik vaja : graphics, music and general aesthetic very pleasing although very dissatisfied with the fact that i'm being forced to watch unskippable ads even without wanting to revive myself for an extra life. i understand ads are a source of revenue for the developers but kindly give us an option to skip the ads if we choose not to see them because they get so annoying because they appear so often
joseph mckenzie : just like alto's adventure, this game is both beautiful and simple. the lighting of the levels is fantastic, and the sound design this time around is absolutely excellent. a great, relaxing experience.
da wi : i loved the first game, and love this one as well, but the ads are horrible. i'm fine with ads, even video ones, but when it pauses my music in the background i'm all done. you annoying me isn't going to make me pay you money to stop, i'll just not support you. would have paid to remove ads had you not resorted to the intrusive ones you went with. you decided to allow ads that greatly hindered the user experience, so i won't support you. goodbye.
graham conger : i did really love this game off and on for months, whenever i found some spare time to play. that is, until they slowly added progressively more and more intrusive advertisements into into it. until it was hardly playable anymore.
three name changes are allowed in a 90-day period. : a great improvement over the first games. it's even more beautiful. absolutely great music, gameplay and visuals. love the new wall grinding, hot air balloon jumping, vine grinding, the new powerups and the new great character designs.
elias hirst : i have anxiety and depression. i downloaded this game to help me relax and it works, the music and scenery is very soothing. i highly recommend it if you just need something to help you wind down, i just play it on zen mode to help me when i'm feeling anxious =^^=
fish ebola : as a sequal to the first mobile game ive ever played, ill obviously give this a good review. i enjoyed the new features of wall sliding and the biome changes, though most other characters simply dont work with the random map generation as the girl cant jump of some of the chasms and the chubby boy can barely even survive half a day. these are just my personal experience with small problems but overall the game is enjoyable and the wingsuit fixes any chasm jump problems.
matthew rhett : what can't i say about this game? everything is gorgeous, the gameplay is interesting, and the little details make it special. the daylight and weather cycles are amazing, theres no throwaway details. the gameplay is incredible with different locations and environmental factors. i love seeing how many of the colorful birds i can get to fly with me while i'm playing. you can tell the developer is passionate about this creation. if the pop up ads bother you just play without wifi on.
lamperouge : i already loved the first game (altos adventure) and just like it, this part is a awesome "second game" with a similar concept and look, but is still including a lot of new features. in my opinion, the first game was slightly better, as is was a more chill game, but still altos odyssey is definitely worth your time playing!
simply blynx : i love this game. that is honestly all i need to say, i love it. the setting and the mystical soundtrack to accompany the game, it all blends so fluidly. one time i spent 45 minutes on one run amd didnt realise that much time had passed. so yes it is very fun but... also maybe dont play it that much
curly sexy hair : fantastically gorgeous, really, and a lovely soundtrack, but i do have a couple complaints: one is that i can't see the rocks until after i hit them. the other is that i never know if i'll have enough space to do the backflip or not.
tanay chaudhari : enjoyable, if you're looking for no frills fun! playing it for more than a year just for unwinding after a long day. the surfing is fun requires moderate concentration and thankfully, the ads are at a minimum (until you want extra perks and rewards).
samuel : this game was incredible, i played it all the time, the animation and the music was so relaxing. now ive updated it and there are horrible ads every 3 deaths and everything is ruined. i will never be able to play again . i must delete altos odyssey.
dahlia : altos odyssey is amazing! the graphics are great, the background music is relaxing, and all in all it's just a very fun and well made game. i would totally recommend it!! turn off your wi fi if you dont want any adds too :)
cobalt : absolutely beautiful, of course, if you dont like this kind of game, then dont play it, yet if u enjoy good visuals then definitely get this game. me and my friend sometimes just sit there for about 45 mins and look at the visuals because they are just, so, amazing. the game play is good aswell, and overall fantastic game. love it.
quinn o'brien : great graphics paired with fun and relaxing gameplay. challenges become pretty difficult and slightly tedious just before you unlock the last character, but overall the different characters and items make for a super fun experience. definitely recommend.
fred davies : the game itself is pretty good (although i did prefer altos adventure), but the ads completely ruin it. there is nothing relaxing about playing this game simply because of the relentless ads. i understand why ads are needed, but wow, i spend almost as much time waiting for the ads to finish as i do playing. sorry, deleting.
lolthispoops : ive finished the game some time ago with getting everything that is in it, i still used it sometimes just for when i was riding the train, it really helped me out when i was feeling bored of something and i just needed a break while also keeping my mind going, i really enjoyed it and i think its really well made overall, it doesnt annoy ya with anything really, its a game for the soul. 11/10 would finish it again
rafal cwiok : this is a great game but i'm unfortunately installing because whenever i reach around 280,000 points, the game crashes. this is preventing me from completing the final goal of 350,000 points. real shame. this bug has to be fixed.
homa kp : the look is beautiful but nothing new about the gameplay that's worth the difficulty to get the hang of. i play games to relax not to stress myself over random things that'll appear in front of the character.
brandon horrar : really love the day time scenes. it's probably a perfect 5 on those. but the dark night scenes are unplayable. the rocks don't show up and your player blends in to the background unless the scarf is long. if the game was only the day scenes this review would be a 5.
mosslii : ive always loved the alto games. they are always so much fun and so beautiful. when i first got my hands on the second game i was thrilled. the sound effects also add a whole extra layer of punch to the things you do. i highly reccomend this if you want a very pretty and engaging game. (also gotta love the wall surfing. its sooo much fun!!)
muhammad ali : good one. but the previous version is preferable to this. it's mainly because of the sound system. besides, this version has strange colors. i felt sth fishy when played it for half an hour and moved my eyes around.
seneca : this is a simple and relaxing game, yet at the same time entertaining. the graphics and music are absolutely gorgeous and well done, paired with intuitive controls making this game really addictive. noodlecake really nailed it!
nature's harmony : i absolutely love the game and everything about it. it's so adventurous and natouristic with just a touch of magic. the only thing i don't like about the game is when you die, the music stops. the only reason i don't like that is because of how amazing the music is! but, i do wish there was a storyline. a reason why alto is sand boarding across the desert. i think, if it had a motive, the game would be a million times better. i love the game and i'll give it 5 stars. thanks for reading.
arjun : exactly same as the first one, overrated af. literally no difference except for the background. gameplay is just staring at the screen and occasionally tapping it. apart from that graphics and music are good . still not worth it .
mark m : this game strikes the perfect balance between relaxing and challenging. also there aren't many ads at all. it gets slowly more difficult but you can get some upgrades that improve your character as well. altogether great.
jamie dent : it's a really solid, well made game. they have obviously put a lot of care and consideration into it, rather than churning something out to get a bunch more clicks. it's very satisfying gameplay. when you get the second character it's amazing.
chirag agarwal : the game is great. but, having played it for more than 5 months now, the game is not optimised for faster players like izel and felipe but for average ones like maya and alto. also i know its free but it would be great if the long video ads could be avoided a bit, really ruins the soothing in-game music and sound effects
marky vitch : a very nice game, glad i found this game especially in this time where there's a pandamic. a game that makes me feel relaxed and focus on the good side. it's a good game for people with anxiety. this is the only app that motivates me so much to have courage facing every problem. i really love this game especially it has a zen mode which help me relax.if theirs a 10 stars i would rate it 10.
shaurya singh : not able to distinguish between a rock and a plant during nights and thunderstorm . the obstacles come out of nowhere and all you can do is fall into them . the drops of radio are falling behind the player . this game is full of bugs and errors ! it was a wonderful experience at first , but has become an source of irritation for me now .
tom cowley : they give you enough levels to get you interested, then start firing way too many intrusive video ads at you. the graphics are good, but it's just a bit too boring. they need more moves. uninstalling.
adrianna murphy : this game, let me tell ya. i have been playing this game for what, about an hour? love it. i've had a stressful day and i've been looking for something to relax to, i give this game a shot and boy was i not let down. the gaphics are phenomenal for a mobile game. the music in the background is so relaxing. anytime i fall, i never find myself frustrated. then i swipe right and find i can relax and play without a score and just go with the music? that's what set it for me, excellent game!
daniel fu : the scenery is stunningly beautiful, it's a shame that i am unable to appreciate it. how the character will land is unpredictable because the physics engine is inconsistent, most of the time you can't see where are you jumping towards and the decorations on the foreground distract the player from the obstacles. all this combined makes the game unfair. just zoom out the camera and clean the foreground, it would improve the gameply and highlight the backdrounds.
donovan loperena : too dark at night. it's easy to lose orientation of your character, especially when you pass be a grind wall. other than that, it's good. that art style/aesthetic reminds me of journey.
jay remains : overall this game is really fun, a great way to kill time, and a nice challenge...however when its night time in the game it's really hard to see the rocks and other obstacles and i feel that something's it is unfair the way i die.
cory williams : i like the game but in a nexus 5x the sound was messed up and the game a bit slow. on a pixel 3 it was better, but it routinely crashed around 40k. it seemed to be leaking memory, because at 30k it seemed to have force all other apps out of memory.
don't reset : this game is absolutely breath taking, the graphics are amazing, the controls are easy to get used to, and the gameplay is awesome. this is way better than the original alto's adventure in my opinion. great job. :)
john li : amazing 120 fps smooth experience. however, end run button shows ads anyways? not just a normal skippable video ad but a forced interactive 30 second ad following a 30 second video ad. also game crashed at 16000+ distance and did not save. wasted time.
gelo alcantara : best game app i have on my phone. i deleted every game app i have and kept this one. i hope i was able to capture my 120k points in one go just doing all the combos, sadly i wasn't lol. tip: use the wingsuit everytime you're in the fly-time doing tricks; use maya! she's the best making double flip in one small jump. use her to do all the tricks.
alanide : the graphics are breathtaking, the music is relaxing, and the overall atmospheric ambience is fantastic. weather systems and randomly generated landmarks and objects ensure you a game experience that doesn't feel repetitive. extremely recommended
s b : i switched my sd card i was told that google play would reinstall the game and save my progress and i wouldn't have to purchase it again. now both odyssey and adventure are problematic. odyssey won't even install an adventure put me right back to the beginning wiping out all my progress and purchases :/ :( i don't know what it is i have other games that also won't install but other games that are installed without any problems my guess is they're running on android 9 and i'm only android 8?? idk
mahg 195 : this game is incredible. the game itself is quite cool, the zen option is just unbelievable. if only to relax take this game. at the beginning of the game the reflex is to hold to jump further but with the backflips it needs a bit of getting used to
jeremy tennis : i was passing by this in google play and saw that it only had a 4.5. this game is incredibly relaxing, had great music and can also be exciting and challenging. the controls are simple to learn but hard to master. the art is refreshingly clean.
than htike thu : i rarely give the compliments on game but this one got me. i love the graphics, background tune, simplicity of playing it. especially love the zen mode it was so calming and relaxing to play and enjoy the endless journey. highly recommend when you are in bad mood.
theopforce : i love the scenery of the game. it makes me feel relaxed and the music is very soothing and calm. i enjoy playing this at night time because it makes me feel relaxed. the sounds in the game like the winds and when you going down a hill makes me just want close my eyes and just enjoy the sounds.
alexander : a beautiful and relaxing game i've spent a ton of time on. the controls are ridiculously simple and the music combined with ambient noise and the moving backdrop combine to make an absolutely stunning game.
sonaboyina nikhil teja : simple , different , beautiful and amazing endless game . the first thing i liked very much is , it's completely different . and second it's simple and endless , and mostly that mind relaxing music . i prefer it to play for relaxing for part of time, for entertainment .
retr0 : all i can say is wow... a really relaxing and enjoyable game, with an amazing art style, incredible visuals and amazing soundtrack. i really suggest downloading it, if it's to kill some time or to wind down!
v -a : i have a suggestion, next time just update the game instead of making another version, just give us an option to choose where we want to run ..in a forest, desert,land of ice and snow, or like surfing in an ocean full of lovely fish and whales this game has so much potential if you can give us a lot stunning environment, but not many would install a lot of apps so put it in one app, just keep on updating the game, i don't care about the size of the game as long as the sound and the visual is good. goodluck
rich murray : this game has been a great tool to help with my anxiety. the graphics, music and the fact that it's a game that has challenges that never get overwhelmingly ridiculous makes it the best game i've ever downloaded to my phone. loved it since the first.
nihal : the sequel to the breathtaking original adds more elements and more innovation to the game making it standout from the original in a good way.the zen modes music is top notch and so is the new elements of the game. i will be waiting for the sequel to this game to see how much more the developers can take this game to and i am pretty sure i will not be disappointed.
joseph dejoia : played the first one religiously, and was super excited about the sequel. however, it crashes consistently between 35k and 45k meters. crashing has been happening randomly and more frequently throughout the game lately. jumping ship on this one
vishnu marcuelo : bruh i've played the first game after the realese and now... bruh it still amazing it never let me down man yeah the game is fun with the rock slide thingy i like that concept if only you can customize the characters with scarf color the only thing i dont like is that the rock blends in with the background like that canyon biome and i cant even see that they were there just waiting for you to be slipped
finley shail : very fun and allows you to play for long times with the feal of progress as you unlock stuff. the game can become a bit of a drag as you get to high trickier levels. definitely worth giving it a try.
niloc rekkab : this game is wonderful, and don't her me wrong, i am fine with ads, it's just that all the ads i get seem to be for gay hentai and it is extremely uncomfortable to get an ad with those kinds of images, especially on public. they arent super graphic or anything, just drawings of 2 guys kissing or laying on top of eacher saying inappropriate things. anyways, my only suggestion is to monitor the kinds of ads being put on display especially if this game is meant for all ages.
sahasra mareech : visuals are stunning. however, gameplay is bland. there is an ad after each time the character crashes or falls. music in the other game was soothing but in this one it's not.
aniruddha karkhanis : a game better than its predecessor, which was very good. wonderful music, striking visuals, smooth gameplay and most important, great challenges are present in this one. i was very much excited for this one and this game does live up to my expectations.
anna lasell : i love all alto's games! if you're looking to download one, i would recommend this odyssey one instead of the snow one. this one has more variety, and in my opinion is just better . if you love snowboarding and flipping type games, this one is for you!
essential tranquility : amazing game quality and great graphics but i wish that you would lower the price to purchase items. it's easier to lose coins than to gain them. other than that everything is great.
malindu kumaradasa : can't help but say that this is even better than the prequel. it's really fun and satisfying with even more stuff to do, more environmental phenomenon and many different items as well. i request only one thing, can we have a cloud save feature other than google play? sometimes the google play saves don't backup my progress correctly. thanks.
dheeraj govind sasi : the kind of people who designed the endless are nothing short of artists and visionaries. the music and the simple joy of skiing the endless free of scores and goal and simple strength of getting up and starting again if you fall - is truly character building. and the eagle that flies along side - genious
dehan smith : way to many ads which you can't even close, you are literally forced to watch the entire bloody ad and it's the same one over and over again. i'm a big fan of altos adventure but this game just spoiled my memory of altos adventure because of all the ads.
foisal ahmed : i usually don't play games. but while watching a tech video on youtube i found this game. i was amazed seeing it's artistic graphics. then i started playing it and then firstly discovered background music is even more amazing. my favorite character is maya because of her backflip skill.
arcskya 1 : this game is super calming although we can't do frontflip or whatever it's called. graphics are flat and simple and i think that's what makes the game very unique, combine it with simple gameplay and meditating music. and that's it, nothing much to say.
rob millie : the game is ok. most achievements are dependent on what circumstances you are given, so it can get dull. the ads seem to have significant fraud. i routinely get redirected to advertiser websites or play store download pages without tapping anything.
john nichols : the game is fine. the interface, though, is horribly laggy and so full of glitches that the game becomes almost unplayable. it's no longer smooth or fluid like adventure was. odyssey did used to be smoother until ads were added in.
carli grobler : a beautifully designed game, from sound to lighting to gameplay - every part of it was thought through and well-considered. the gameplay has been balanced to perfection leaving it challenging enough but with players seeing progress frequently. superb.
mustafa ali : super fun n exciting - great backdrop - soothing instrumental background music that blends in seemlessly w/ the game - it can be slightly challenging but once you get used to the game mechanics - so much funn - maya is easily my favorite (due to her faster flip rotations) - try this one - you won't be disappointed.
issa wanty : this game is so amazing! if you want a peaceful, fun, but challenging game then alto's odyssey is definitely for you. i have had this game for about a month and a half now and this game is basically all i play! i play it on fligts, car rides, and i once played on a train ride! it is so time consuming but in a good way!
matthew leddy : random crashes are extremely frustrating. i would play and multiple times in a row, the game would simply shut off. i loved playing it but would have loved more levels or arrangements
arumugam kannan : changing to 1 star simply for making advertisement so central in the game play. at least place them smartly. there are places where the character simply jumps into a new chasm right after recovery through ads! great visuals & music.
justin flickinger : really do like the new added features to the game. however i did notice a couple glitches that have happened during the process of the game. such as the lemur chasing you down sometimes gets you in midair. other than that this game is pretty damn awesome.
stefan kekoc : i found this game recently and have fallen in love. not only because the gameplay is fun and addictive, but also the art style. i could look at this games art for hours. it is a beautiful game that runs smoothly on my shity phone and has a simple and enjoyable game expierince. i highly recomend you download it.
r3kt fox : i loved alto's adventure and i want to love this game but the audio just glitches out and the game sticks a lot, i have larger games that don't give me these problems. i only have this 4 stars just because the fact that this is a sequel to alto's adventure do please fix this game......please! ok it's fixed
bradford fine : nice job on the sequal. i was surprised that there was enough new content to make the gameplay more detailed, and actually get me hooked all over again. also, thanks for getting rid of those useless llamas. except the cool one that can not only sandboard but double jump. props no doubt.
patrick henry : this is a blatant rip-off of a 2-d skiing physics simulator from university of british columbia academic programming competition, which was released about 12 years ago. unfortunately, alto's odyssey is of a poor design and is constantly glitching and crashing. the controls seldom work. additionally, the actual gameplay is constantly being interrupted by malicious advertisements that override your device causing it to crash. the game is more ads than actual gameplay, which you have to pay $4-5 usd to get rid of, while the developers are illegally pilfering personal information and data from users. if you want to break your phone or tablet and watch countless hours of complete garbage ads, this is the game for you. alto's odyssey comes with all the makings for a frustrating experience, including but not limited to, migraines and the overwhleming desire to write a scathing review.
h yassin : slap king ad must go! totally unsuitable for minors might i also suggest there should be 3 chances of play before each ads. having lots of ads ruins the game. my kids love watching me play since i don't skate anymore due to injuries (and age). they love the somewhat story behind it .. but i love the zen mode since i can reminisce my younger years. (i ride downhill with my mtb and i can relate to the game as well) i'll change my rating if you guys can fulfill my suggestions (..and request?) tia
antonios bratos : i used to play this game some years ago and it is a beautifully made game if nothing else, but i downloaded it again some days ago and it has so many ads that it broke the experience .and it's the kind of ads that have small x buttons so you cant properly press them to turn them off . real pity.
harl windwolf : i really want to like this game because it seems so chill and casually enjoyable in the very beginning (the first parts of the tutorial).. but then when the crashing and the actual run starts i feel completely unprepared for the game, i don't know how to do backflips except with a speed shield (or whatever it is) and on a looooong downward slope, any other time i just crash and crash and.. ugh, that's just disappointing! every chasm is a crash and no matter what i try to avoid it, it's a crash. then come the ads and there seems to be a paid option to get rid of pop-up ads in the later game, but not the forced video ads to revive alto.. why??
jona mangalus : this game is great overall. the soundtrack is relaxing, the gameplay is very simple. this is the type of game i would play when i'm bored or just want to keep my mind off of things, the graphics are beatiful and just overall relaxing as well. i would absolutely recommend this game to anyone who likes boredom breakers.
arun kumar b : wonderful game which lets you relax. the music is very soothing and the goals are mostly easily achievable and hence are not frustrating to complete. only problem was too frequent pop up adds but you can remove the adds for a small price which was okay for me.
sky walker : you'd be surprised how challenging a game that only requires you to tap/tap n hold your screen is to master ...but at the same time it isn't frustrating, and if you get stuck you won't be tempted to throw your device because it's just a fun game that makes you want to try again
matthias l : the whole get up of the game seems very relaxing. the music, the visuals and the athmosphere. but is is overshadowed by clunky controls, very hard to see obstacles and unforeseeable level designs that only make the game frustrating.
xillioncv3 : this game is amazing. i have quite a few mobile games, but this is probably the one i play most. the game is very smooth and relaxing to play, and the graphics are beautiful and calm. the music fits with the game, but if you want to play without any objectives and music, you can do that too. it really is a game that's worth at least giving a try.
guy passy : the only thing this game has going for it is the graphics. the mechanics are a poor rip off of better games, there are constant commercials, and the tutorials are annoying in how they try to reach you the mechanics.
vaishali jasoria : 1. your game crashed when i was about make a high score of near 52,000 meters. later i was about to complete near 45,000 meteres when again it crashed. also there was no sign for any of my new highscores in stats option as if this didn't happen at all. and at level 60 it asks for 350,000 score points. how will i surpass that if game crashes like this. 2.how do lemur crashes me while i'm in air. as you can clearly see i love your game, its addictive. but these issues i faced needs to be fixed!
chad tryndamere : this is a good game. only thing that bugs me is that when you use the mysterious radio, the barrels sometimes (well, most of the time to be honest) fall in a way that makes it impossible to collect them. otherwise, great game.
joe fisher : the first alto is one of my favorites. i wanted to love odyssey, but the ads are intrusive and make the game unenjoyable. what a disappointment. and microtransactions to buy the characters right up front? like so many mobile sequels, what a sad fate for alto.
niyog jose : its got fluidity in its gameplay that is so satisfying! the art style is the same as journey which is fine i guess. but it does drain my battery more than anything else and it did crash my phone to the point where it rebooted itself.
da bob : fun and relaxing game, but not for me. there are no agresious ads, the game is completely free, and is all around fun. the problem is that for me, there's no reason to keep playing. i don't care for high scores, and there are minimal upgrades. the only reason to is for a high score. other than that, the game is actually made by people who care about good games. and don't shove a million ads down your thought and expect you to pay money for this and that.
troy curtsinger : this is an amazingly created game which captures the true strength of the mobile platform: simplicity. it controls well, and looks beautiful. my only gripe is that in more dark and contrasted environments its difficult to see rocks.
papa maialetto xvi : there is a big problem with controls timing, like if i tap the screen, the character jumps 0,20 seconds later and i really didn't even manage to do one big jump. perhaps if you allow to jump with the volume keys maybe there will be less delay
alfred kamps : one- touch system for doing everything is the most frustrating and stupid thing i've endured for a while, nothing works and never jumps. after you're forced to be killed because you can't do what you want you have to sit through 6 hours of ads to get to get to the menu, it's quicker to just exit the app restart completely. long story short, i can't even play the game f.u.
holly hawthorn : the graphics are completely breathtaking, the additions since the last one are amazing and there is a lot of variety. the only problem is that the game glitches quite a bit, especially the music.
kahlia : i love this game! alongside being visually pleasing, the sound effects and music are great. it's an easy concept, but enthralling all the same. ads are annoying but not terrible
adie_szure : it's a soothing cool games. it is offline so it's a good game to go. but there's no help button. i find it hard to jump higher. how can i jump higher because everytime required, i just straight falling into death. please guide, thank you.
kedaresh : this is one tops the list of all the adventurous games. the gameplay is smooth and the music is splendid. you can feel touch of the four seasons while playing the game. and has better interface than auto's adventure.
marinus vesseur : lovely game but the ad videos are atrocious and way too long. the same company, 30 full seconds, again and again and again, every time you need another 'life'. this game fell into the hands of some greedy owner whose behaviour stands in stark contrast to the beauty of the game.
adarsh hota : really liking the experience. i am only playing it in zen mode right now. because that's why i downloaded the app. when the game started and i saw there were levels of some sort, i felt upset but only realizing that there is something as zen mode was the best creative decision that the develop's made. thank you all for this. i got exactly what i didn't know i wanted.
amirullrizwan : for a mobile game, this game have an astonishing graphic. when i tried the zen mode and using my headphone, i got chills and shed a few tears. the soundtrack is really really good and comforting. keep up the good work!
mb h : altos odyssey has easy to learn controls with beautiful sound design and simple but smooth graphics. the game is very relaxing and also very fun to play. i recommend altos odyssey to anyone who enjoys fun, relaxing, and easy going games.
ted riese : great game, very similar to the original when it works. the android port is a buggy mess though. crashes, stutters, weird audio artifacts, sometimes plays an ad "behind" the game. too bad.
soham jobanputra : a very big issue for this game is that momentum is not increaseing in terms of displacement!!! also so momentum increases wherever backflip is done but after some time if you doesn't do backflip then momentum decreases at very high rate which ruins all fun !! maybe momentum should never be decreases !! but physics of this game is complex but momentum shouldn't be decreases !! ik that its not possible in real life! acceleration must be constant for new update!!!
aniket jain : one of my favorite mobile games. very pretty, smooth, and nice graphics. simple but fun and can be played for a long time. it has one of the best soundtracks i've heard and multiple characters and game modes. also nice because its an endless game.
mikaela forbes : i think this is a great game the graphics are simple, the instructions are really easy to follow no logs and definitely great vibe the music is soothing to the ear. i think because it is so simple and entertaining that's what make it special so for me this game is definitely worth your time
nathan kleger : when your character crashes you have the option to watch a video and continue from where you left off. or you can just restartreatart. which, more often than not, forces you to watch a video (or two) that can't be canceled unless you end the whole app. i have a low tolerance for forced full screen ads! i kept the game for a while hoping it was a bug that would be fixed because the game itself is pleasant, but no. if anything the ads have gotten even more prevalent and thus this review.
alex hankins : this is one of the best games i've found on the app store. it's legitimately fun and laid back throughout even as the challenges get more difficult. the concept and controls are so simple, yet they work together so elegantly.
nikosaronim : i love everything from the graphics, to the music and the things you encounter as you venture worlds in different weathers. incredibly soothing at times, and challenging at others. it's a perfect game.
scarlett c.hamura : it's really soothing. not like other games like this,there's no more word than "this game is soothing". playstyle is pretty good and graphic is quite good.changing weathers and lights and playing bgm give me kinda relaxing. one thing is that i tried much time to ride on the balloons' rodes cause i can't reach. hope to see better improvements.
david cardoso : in line with alto's adventure, now the odyssey is extremely beautiful, addictive and a must-have. the only thing less good is the chosen music but is difficult to overcome adventure's music. a big thank you to the developers of this great game
james battersby : i want to love it as a great successor to alto's adventure but the adverts are killing the experience. if i was certain that buying the advert iap would remove all of the adverts then i'd pay it in a heartbeat but this isn't necessarily the case. the most recent advert crashed the entire game. this is like the adverts we had on websites a decade ago and hence brought in adblockers.
fanta tierchen : this could be a fun game but unfortunately it is full of microtransactions. it didn't take even five minutes until it shoved them in my face. also every time you fail (which will happen a lot) they want you to watch ads to continue. if you don't, you have to start right from the beginning again.
zaxster : one of the only apps that actually want you to enjoy yourself and have pleasure while playing the game. it has genuine effort put into it and very, very rarely to ads every come. honestly you would want to buy something from it just to donate money (it's not a pay to win game at all).
ian coleman : responsiveness on the main menu is really slow. i have to tap multiple times to start games. also, it just crashed when i was setting a best distance with almost 2k coins in the bank. gone. very disappointing :(
anders resbo : absolutely horrendous. why make a game where the best option 90% of the time is doing nothing? you can collect coins that get you killed and do flips if you have an hours worth of airtime to do it, otherwise you die. so what am i supposed to do exactly? just tap to jump over the occasional rock or gap i guess. the visual experience is fine, it's just too bad they forgot to add actual gameplay.
darkgreysilver : its great! the graphics are amazing and the game itself is very enjoyable. it takes some time to learn to do things (eg escape the monkey) but thats fine. wish there was an easier way to earn money though.
awkward commentator : alto's odyssey is a soothing sand-surfing experience. the tone comes from the shades and shadows of the desert plus the explorative spirit of the compositions. the action comes from watching the sand-surfer and waiting for good times to traverse over or onto obstacles. moments in between obstacles, where the beautiful background can be observed without worries, are appreciated. however, rocks blend in with the background and stop a grand run, so i recommend making the rocks more noticeable. 4/5.
pratham arc : an aweeesssoooommmmeee game except for the fact that if you are connected to the internet....an ad pops out of nowhere and it's quite difficult to exit it. unlike many other games, the ads are quite intrusive.
akiem gough : very very beautiful visuals. all the characters have different strengths and weaknesses. the variations in the background and the general setting is so cool. fun and challenging but chill.
fauzi hakim : the soundtrack is amazing (more variations would not hurt, though), the mechanics are cool, and the objectives are not annoyingly difficult. this is a relaxing and very nice game.
m b : lovely game, although sometimes it's hard to see the obstacles. would give it five out of five except for the annoying adverts which appear in later levels all aimed at trying to get me to buy life insurance...
dani vranic : cured my boredom. graphics these graphics are simple yet the best graphics i've seen for any mobile game ever. very well-made, and stunningly beautiful. gameplay you'd think a game like this gets boring quickly, it really does not. it's more detailed than it looks, and quite addicting. highly recommend. overall overall this is a genuinely good game. really fun and invigorating while also being really calming. i'd recommend to people who like either of the two, or just anybody really.
alex wilson : beautiful graphics, soothing music/sounds and fluid, fun gameplay. this is a fantastic mobile game. the ads are not too intrusive and i always enjoy coming back to the silky gameplay. 10/10 would recommend.
ken bob : ten star game. but i have to use the old 1 star trope to make developer listen. seriously guys you cant have game crashing when a player is making 7 figure score. also google play high score is always a mismatch and my high scores dont sync. also the leaderboard is hacked. you cant have best distance time as two years of real physical time.p
f n : i love this game a lot and i've been playing it everyday. the ads are fine but occasionally the ad freezes and i have to close the game and open it again which is a bit annoying. nevertheless this game is so addicting and i love it.
rob m : had this game for some time now. the amount of coins you need to move on can be a bit too hard at times, slight frustration. other than that - incredible. i play it to relax all the time, zen mode is amazing and a massive shout out to the composers.
prajjawal sharma : if you have a top end phone and if you want to have a 90hrz supported game in your phone, then this is the game you are looking for. it is almost an alternative to old subway surfers and temple run. this game is fun of you know how to play it. sound and theme is really nice. i love playing it.
justin henceroth : great game and lots of fun, but it keeps crashing on me. i'm on level 60, and get to 325,000 points (of the 350,000 required) and the games freezes and shuts down. it's happened to me 5 times now.
patrick c. : only "relaxing" if you consider ads soothing. you must opt in to an ad to continue the same run after crashing, an often times unfair experience itself due to the procedurally generated levels, and then forced to watch an ad on occasion anyway if you choose to simply restart from the beginning. and the purchase to remove ads does not apply to the opt in ads, so there is no way to pay for what would be an otherwise pleasant experience. it's insulting.
purple_penguin : great game, love it. i adore the variety this game gives you. the push and drive to make you want to explore, and the calmness of knowing you've gone so far. the game's zen mode where there is no score is an amazing way to practice, and get an overall feel of the game. it's proven to give me a great sense of satisfaction and i hope you check it out.
thanish mathew : as beautiful and relaxing as its predecessor edit :it has some game breaking glitches and now we have to watch unskippable ads after every gameplay. there are also forced ads while you are playing by noodle cake causing you to crash. it is a beautiful game, but these problems really annoy me. so until this is resolved, i am reducing the rating.
mingyang chan : too many ads now compared to the first one! totally removed the user experience! if the ads comes up for you to continue playing after falling, then it's fine. but not every other time you replay! so so disappointed with this. i loved the first one.
p r : amazing! beautiful game, with easy controls, relaxing music and stunning graphics! could you please add more bioms? each of the current ones is fun, but after playing a while they get a little repetitive... :)
kaleb nunes leite : incredible and stunning artwork and environment. the soundtrack improves even more the experience. the game also have a zen mode where you just appreciate and relax. one of the best mobile games developed. we need more games like this in mobile industry: made with love and with quality.
alexander z : i really enjoyed the game. i think the graphics are amazing, and compared to the first game, this game is a blast. there are so many new things to try out. also, a recommendation for the game, is to add a endless world of open sky, and you can try out tricks and test out your wing suit.
gordon johnson : this game is great and i don't mind ads if they're reasonable (short) but you guys lose a star for that damned crypto visa card advert, i am so utterly sick of seeing that advert in its entirety over and over again, even if i put the phone in standby to avoid it, sure enough it resumes playing as soon as i switch on again. lose that advert, i am so not interested in crypto visa!
arjun nair : i am giving 5 because i am able to get rid of stress from the game. the graphics, sound,toon,etc are very much good. the different stages in the game with different environment is much more enjoyable.
j yon : the game was beautiful. it is aesthetically pleasing. the sounds and the art of this game match. everything matches and i love it. i also love how it have a zen mode, where you can just play freely without worrying that you're gonna start over if you stumble/crash.
akshai babu : i dont understand how this garbage get so much ratings there are too much of unskip adv. and about the game play the charecter always crashes due to horrible graphics and when we actully die or dive to the vally the the balloons pop up. too alow for a graphics. but have to improve.
ethan lacasse : i just beat the final objective, and while i do have a few complaints (like the difficulty seeing pits when going very fast) it's overall very relaxing and satisfying, with enough content to keep it fun for a long time.
andy caballero : this is a pretty cool game, no ads, good gameplay, and solid infinite levels. not much has changed except for a few new maps and a little more power ups but its still a good game.
ckp : a number of improvements from the first edition including the jumping animation and the audio while boarding on a grind. in alto's adventure boarding on a rope grind gave me earrape. odissey has much more improved audio. love the game, and sunrise looks so beautiful...
mr rjb : the game is absolutely stunning. the gameplay is really nice and calm, and overall a good offline game. except for a little glitch/bug where you can sort of phase through the ground but you pop back up immediately.
vipraal budhram : simple, yet very well thought out game. the graphics are stunning and the music goes very well with the actions. its just the type of game that takes you somewhere else and lets you zone out. its very nice!!
eric fike : first, get very unused to holding the jump "button" longer to jump farther like every other platform game ever. here, you lose. also, good luck discerning a background cactus from a game ending rock. game had potential but just doesn't come cfc together
aadithyan ganesh : the game is actually good. a great stress buster. it really helps me relax but the ads are a little annoying but the good thing is that they don't pop up always but only sometimes. and i understand that olymp trade is your biggest ad client becasue those ads are long and don't have an option to close. but just so you know ill close the entire app and restart the game again when the ad starts. because the olymp trade ad is really annoying.
michael petty : can't play anymore due to freezing. was great for a while, but the last several weeks it locks up my phone every time i try to play it. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app but that doesn't fix anything.
ashlee gurnani : game is awesome but ads make it worse. if watching an ad is given as option then what's the use of showing ads again and again, every step of the way. this makes playing this game like party of the century but ends at 10 kind of deal.
kaje ralocse : beautiful game. the art style and gameplay is amazing. the sound too is a masterpiece. i rated it 1 star less because it takes a toll on my phone even though this is a gaming phone. the procedural generation is really heavy, making the game stutter or skip frames. still a beautiful game nevertheless.
a google user : alto!!! spectacular job in the introduction. it may be a little scary for younger viewers, but it felt like i was watching a movie of some sorts. advice- in intro, add headphones recommend.
louise vincer : way better than alto's adventure because it's just got way more style, stuff to do and i keeps you on your toes. only problem is that i would personally like (i don't think in the only one with this querie) how there are llamas in aa but desert themed, like wild cats or something. other problen was it took me about half an hour to download but im not going to blame that on the company. otherwise it's great.
aysha ece : the first rwo weeks it worked fine , is very calming . but afterwards wouldn't go a minute without advertising ads ,and you can't even click exit . had to reopen the app every time after encountering this problem which was after every game .
braden buchinger : would be a great game, but is absolutely frustrating. marketed as relaxing but just annoying. does not register jumps, completely random whether you are going to land on a rock and end your run, then watch a video to continue from a fall that was the games fault. i get the atmosphere, but it's much too dark to decipher the small obstacles, even with phone brightness up.
maria stanik : how can you play when every time you change your device the progress just resets to zero? i lost any will to continue playing this and alto's adventure, and i really loved these games. unfortunately i'm having to remove them both. :<
m : in the middle of a game it will teleport me underground and kill me instantly. this has happened a few times recently. another reason for 1 star is you purchase the compass feature and it requires you to pay 1000 coins every time you use it. this is clearly greedy bait to buy in app currency and or purchase double coins scarf. it actually benefits you more to watch ads in game rather than play it in order to progress upgrades without paying real money. you guys are ruining gaming
elliotville : beautiful design. too beautiful in fact that i want to save my screenshots but the option isn't available in contrast to alto's adventure. would be nice to include the 'save screenshot' option in your next update. until then, 4 stars.
bhaskar vella : good game !! but putting the option of watch video to revive or to earn coins is completely waste of time.everytime i click on it, it says that video is not available. i've tried it a hundred times. still the same reply
robert laht : this is probably the best game i've ever played. it's an artistic masterpiece! the graphics are wonderful, the music calm and beautiful. there may be some ads, but you can get rid of them by turning your internet off. controls are simple. amazing game!
anne : alto's odyssey, just like alto's adventure is a fun, simple and enjoyable game. the controls work good, the music and background are beautiful and pleasing. i never get tired of it.
steve m. : great sequel with more content, unfortunately i found it repetitive just trying to grind out objectives to get new riders. it's not bad with ads as f2p. i wish it just varied up the action more than the original, the added content isn't a lot more to keep one entertained from the original.
luke havell : i am uninstalling for one reason. in the night time the game becomes practically unplayable and strains your eyes to death. apart from this the game is amazingly fun and beautiful. the issue could easily be solved with a daylight switch to keep it perminantly day
ariel kane : this game is sooo relaxing. maybe im an idiot but the controls are a but confusing? maybe i just haven't gotten used to them yet. anyway, you unlock different things as you progress through the game so it's not the same old thing over and over again. 10/10 would recommend.
aryan maharjan : this game is really fun. except i couldn't understand what some of the levels said. thus ,there should be a video to show an example of how it can be completed. i could complete them only because i did it by mistake. otherwise great game, as well as not pay to win.
haley mai : ive redownloaded the game however there seems to be a bug: the music does not play. sound effects and gameplay are unaffected but every deletion then download has had the same problem. i've checked the settings on the game as well as my phone but the problem persists.
justin normand : fun game but has unskippable video ads now after every run. you used to only view ads if you wanted to replay and save your place but now they play after every run. this is obnoxious and defeats the purpose of the video to save your place.
nish : i bow down to the makers of this game. beautiful graphics and music, smooth transitioning, customizable and what not. thank you for making this game. this is one of the best games one can play.
ramsha k : i love this game, i do have a couple of issues. it's very glitchy and doesn't run smoothly, you can see glitches in the background, and music will sound glitchy too. it's hard to even start up the game
matin kordi : a true android masterpiece!!! you won't get tired of playing it cause it has lots of interesting musics! gameplay is awesome, too! best game i have ever played! most relaxing game, too! also you need only on finger too play this game! i could never imagine a game with only one finger(just pressing or holding but not swiping) be this good! thank you sooo much! but the only thing that bothers me, is the fact that unfortunately, this beautiful game doesn't have online. wish you put an online,too.
alex blake : great game! lots of cool new features, and a good leveling system. it is a little slow and laggy specifically if there are a lot of weather and sound things going on at the same time.
david kroukamp : great game. the rocks however blend in with the background in certain scenes would be cool to have a power up that illuminates them. also jumping at the perfect timing could be made a bit easier.
rafi arif putra : good game. its graphic is very amazing, so with the music. recommended for peoples who look into games that gives you relax feelings. the music makes the players to feel like being in a wild, open-world, wonderful, and adventurous new life.
victim in shane : not a big enough different from the first game other than swapping from snow to sand? should have at least added new tricks (a 180/360 spin?) and a jump power (tap to jump, hold longer for higher) because sometimes all you want to do is hop over a rock and end up missing coins.
lawrence brown : what a beautiful, peaceful, challenging, fun, perfect little game. i enjoyed the original but this is a vast improvement. very very pleased with it. puts me in an almost meditative state. highly recommended!
pete m : it's fun, but having to shut the game down after each run is really tiresome. i'm not going to let the ads run and use my data, and theres no way to exit out of them. theyve ruined a really fun and relaxing experience, unfortunately. i'm aware apps need to generate revenue, but at least give a way to close the ad. and i can promise that i will never download an app that is shown on an ad that cant be closed. maybe its just me, but that's the hill i choose to die on lol.
harry hardy : please for the love of god make another one! i've played both and they are beautiful, intriguing and amazing games. everything about odyssey is fantastic, the music, the lighting, the visuals. i just want another!!
trent : cannot distinguish between obstacles and the background and trees. the play area and background are very similar colors and no matter what an eyesore to play especially the lightning. tutorial doesn't explain anything and it is almost impossible to jump over chasms. game lasted 10 minutes on my phone. would not recommend at all - unless the dev's want to pay me too? no way this game is 4.7 rated.
royal kingdoms : i enjoy the game, it has lovely music. calming music while you play. as you level up new characters and your able to boost up power gains(or how whatever you call it). but the games so calming that its hard for me to keep my eyes open... yeah hard to believe, its not boring. just make me so sleepy that i want to nap. its to good of sound. well to me, it makes me sleepy and want to nap. the graphics are pretty. i just hate the monkeys. damn monkeys >:0
thomas : this is game is so relaxing and fun! once i discovered this masterpiece, i can't stopped being amazed still in this game's graphics, music, and peaceful vibes it gives! it's so spectacular, it's something i have never seen before. it's so calming, and this game can also be a stress reliever! this is the game, the best offline game. i'm also amazed that this masterpiece has no ads. it's worth donating!
ben robinson : usual problems. lovely game ruined by greedy transactions. very influenced by journey, which would be fine. you can remove pop up ads but not the ads you have to watch it pay for to skip when you die. such a shame.
lily welling : solid infinite runner with interesting and stylish concept yet heavily marred by a lackluster progression system. prepare to get goals to the tune of "trick off (obstacle) x times" and then levels that never so much as spawn that many obstacles in a row.
jadzia dunlap : visually and audibly relaxing game but the background blends with the obstacles too well to make it playable, for me, at least. also, the ads don't work at all.
sumit jain : previous game was ad free, but this one has ads which irritate you most. sometimes ad hangs your device like a black screen and you have to close the game app. game is beautiful but please remove ad or don't put those ads that trouble in gaming. even you using high spec phone it do the same.
matthew klugas : the graphics are great and the game is really fun, but at night the rocks are hard to see and some gaps require you to have a really good momentum. momentum is hard to achieve in this game, other than going downhill.
jazzyass : nightscapes are way too dark even when brightness is set to the highest level. makes it more likely to miss the rocks and screws up jump timing. eyes hurt from straining to look during night scenes. please fix this.
soad mansour : the look and feel is great, the music is great, but sadly the game is horrible! struggled to even pass level 2. the obstacles look very similar to the plants, you will end up crashing all the time. the back flips are horribly implemented. forget about the game rating (these can be easily cheated) look for the ratings of the gameplay, and controls for the real rating which is 3.9
rifa maan : awesome game, after you get this game you will never let it go but there some cons like there is no how to perform the jumps and what is the jump so first you get confused and the you get the hang of it .. unlike other games this does not have that much ads packed in it overral it's great and you should totally download it!!!
aiden m : great game! very beautiful and relaxing to play. i love to just put on a podcast and relax while i play it. definitely worth paying for the ad free version. there's an option to buy coins but i never found it necessary
monotoneyay : fantastic game with incredible visuals. alto's odyssey is a fun and peaceful game thay engages you in near constant gameplay. it's easy to learn and keeps getting you hooked on leveling up or reaching new achievements. i highly recommend this game
matt seminera : total experience is awe-some. visuals are clean and vivid. music is deep and lively. gameplay is addictive. enjoyed first installment, this one is as good with some nice new tricks. nothing that messes with its simplistic beauty. enjoy
elise beaufeaux : absolutely beautiful game design! such attention to detail with the animation. not to mention how the environment is built to complement the introduction of the new playable characters. lovely work all around team!
ben christoferson : i've played this game to almost 100% completion... it's not a game you play for hours and hours at a time, it's more of a relaxing journey that you take in short bursts... i really love the game and i kinda only use maya, she can do a flip pretty much anywhere which is fun.
avi feinberg : i love the game but it just freezes on startup with music still playing for a couple of weeks now. i keep checking to see if it's working but it locks everything up and i have to turn off the screen and turn it back on to get to a place where i can even kill the app.
kazzack : amazing game. but you are forced to watch an ad after finishing a run, even though you choose not to revive. you basically made me watch the ad anyway. if i knew you were going to do that id have just revived myself instead. still worth playing anyway.
louis clouet : even better than the 1st one! (which was already very good). i am at level 55 close to the end and i love it! there is more variety with the obstacles what makes each ride quite different from another. good job guys!
natalia perez : ill give it three stars bc the music and graphics are very soothing but that doesn't mean the game itself is worthy of three stars, like its very cool and exiting at first but it gets boring overtime bc you just do the same thing over and over again. i wish there would be more than just traveling around, like seeing more of alto's life or something. its just a suggestion.
just a waterbottle : this game is outstanding, the visuals are beautiful, audio is the detention of tranquility and gameplay is addicting. the lighting caught me by surprise since the previous entry had little to none and the dynamic weather system is a nice touch. i rate this 5/5.
cari payne : are you freaking kidding me with these ad videos? i have to watch a video about 50% of the time i screw up and crash alto. the videos are very disruptive and completely detract from the beauty of this game. i'd give noodlecake studios and alto's odyssey more stars if i could buy an ad free version of this game. i get that we all need to make a living, but the ads feel sleazy. other than that, my note 9 handles the graphics and gameplay well, with no slowness or apparent memory leaks. shout-out to ustwo games for co-producing this.
utkarsh rastogi : well, this game is pretty nice and relaxing but still there are some glitches or bugs that may interfere in your gameplay sessions, excluding them, the game is so nice and good time killer also, graphics are simple yet attractive, easy to play game, etc.
lingesh badri : the game seems beautiful calm and fun. but the character is just so tiny and zoomed out for it to be enjoyable. this could easily be better if the character was more visible on my 6" screen.
avery jefferson : i have two suggestions: a more customizable ui (such as being able to choose which side distance and coins count show up) and a spedometer so players can optimize their speed. i really like this game. it's fun, calm and smooth. good job!
social : excellent game, great gameplay and music if i'm honest. the only thing that ruins the game for me, which is the same reason for altos adventure, is the fact of an ad randomly showing and ruining the moment.
anurag mondal : fantastic game, just love it. the gameplay is simple and, visuals are really pretty and the music is really relaxing, cannot find any defects in the game, just marvelous.
akash mondal : i played alto's adventure. just amazed.... very excited with this new one.... this game is an example of perfect combination....great atmospheres, nice selection of background music, really calm and meditative environment.....cool colors, awesome graphics... designers pride!
mohammed taher : it is a very good game. one note is that there is no confirmation dialog for restarting the game when it's paused. i accidentally pressed restart and the game restarted immediately. please fix this issue.
fabian bojorquez : very pretty, very fun to mess with in your down time. i think there's an issue with the music though, it sounds awful when you're wearing headphones- it sounds robotic. i don't think it's supposed to sound like that. otherwise, great game.
lottie walker : omg this game is sooo good there is no adds and it is a great way to kill time the music is absolutely butiful the tasks aren't to hard and the characters are cool. the graphics are amazing and the background is stunning. when i play on zen mode i littlarly get chills i love this game and i highly recommend it
sumeet jena : i would just like to say..the game really tells one, you always have a zen mode in your life when you are done completing missions. team alto - thanks for making this beautiful experience(the game), it really heals one. to the sound designing unit - hands down the best ever..#respect
ambati sai kalyan : most relaxing game love the concept of the game the music is what makes the game really special with a good pair of headphones you can really get a good experience during these quarantine times the best way to battle anxiety the graphic have improved a lot from (alto adventure ) and new moved and skills new characters a lot 5 out 5
ashiyath shazeen : i love this game but the small shake of the screen that happens when alto crashes makes me very nauseous. because of it, i can't play more than three rounds in a sitting. i wish there was a way to turn it off. it'd then be much more enjoyable.
ophelia : this game is honestly so so pretty. i love it so much and i play this game every single day and i recommend it to anyone and everyone. the music is calming and the tasks you complete to move to other levels are great. there are several characters with their own personalities and specialties.
x man : game is fantastic!!!! the crypto currency ads sucks!!!! cannot skip or stop ad, forced to watch an ad about" the future of money". got tired of being told , basically, to watch this and that this is good for me. so i canceled the game. to bad. the game was fun.
m tamimi : beautiful app and a very relaxing way to kill some time. i've honestly sunk a fair amount of time into this app while waiting for appointments or at the airport and it always makes time go by quickly. stunning visuals, too. highly recommend
chidubem chidolue : this game is more of a stress reliever to me because of the soundtrack and animation would recommend the zen mode for the stress. the only annoying part is the rocks that i don't happen to notice. lol
a google user : i absolutely love this game and i played the original alto aswell. its so calming and fun. my one complaint about odyssey specifically is that the original seems to have a great sound track with music that was calm backed by weather effects (i loved thunder the most) but odyssey seems to only have birds which is great and all but i miss that other level. amazing game tho.
wesley howell : love this game. extremely relaxing. only issue is on some jumps when it goes into slow motion (which looks cool) it also kills all momentum preventing me from making the jump. please fix.
j u : great game. beautiful graphics, diverse scenery, perfect soundtrack. gameplay is easy but enjoyable and zen mode is tranquil and just a great way to relax before bed. worth playing just for the art and music!
colin prim : this game is flat-out just a great game. ads are sparse and not obnoxious, the game itself easy to play, and it's over-all very relaxing. i would like it if you could see a combo score in zen mode, but that's more of a personal preference than anything else. well done devs! (p.s. i would support the devs and make a purchase or two but i'm unemployed so that's not a great idea for me right now)
dezert : the weather is something that changes the game greatly - it's a visual masterpiece that controls really smoothly. the scores can make the game incredibly relaxing. it's a lot of fun, i definitely recommend it.
trash dog : i'm obsessed with this app. the only thing that makes me not give this 5 stars is one specific bug. i start the game and when i press the screen the player doesn't jump. this started from happening rarely to usually. i need to close the app and open it again to start playing. please fix this because i love this game <33
aashay sharma : this game is outstanding! the gameplay is addictive, the music is beautiful and i don't know the guys at noodlecake managed to make such a beautiful and legendary world with such a minimal art style also powerups, gear like the wingsuit and more characters make it very tempting to keep grinding and get all of the good stuff mentioned above i rarely give 5 stars but this game deserves it
kyle kitzul : i really like the game when it comes to the graphics and overall quality. it's a fun game to relax to that takes very little to master. pros: great graphics, gameplay, background music, and overall quality cons: no point to upgrading characters because maya is the quickest already (but felipe is adorable)
lemon bun : game is relaxing. perfect to play while waiting for a bus. short and simple to understand the mechanics. but even tho the graphics looks light enough to render and my phone have a flagship adreno 640 gpu, there's microstutters from start to finish of all runs. sometimes it could even break combos. my phone have support for 120fps but the game still runs at 60fps. why is this? pls update your graphics engine
meir finkelstein : i agree with all the praise this game gets its simple relaxing hard enough to challenge you but not to annoy you. the only problem for me is and this is the reason i stop playing many games is that this is a high-score based game. don't get get me wrong i love high-score based games, but if this game relys on it then please get rid of the 'continiue if you watch add button' that kills it for me. high scores have no value because you can keep on going!! please i really like this game get ride of that option and i'll play this game for ever and give five stars.
cave dweller : it was good in the beginning. now i have to watch ads in their entirety after most plays. other apps have adds but they don't force you to watch them till they end, 5 seconds and you can skip. but this stupid game doesn't allow you to and it even hides the way to skip even if there is one. unistalling this.
ron : like the game but it often freezes. i'd say it freezes about 1 out of every 5 times i play. very frustrating! i'm playing it on a chromebook. maybe that's part of the problem. otherwise, i like the game.
sheril jacob : ive played both the alto games. love it. kudos to the developers. but what's up with the obscene ads? some like app comes as an ad and its borderline sexual in nature. its fine. keep ads for the free version, but not this kind!!!
drowning in tea : i played the hell out of the previous game. i love the successor too but i found it really buggy. sometimes the ramp doesn't appear before a chasm, and sometimes the player crashes to the ground even when he lands perfectly
rahul vatsyayan : i am facing a huge problem. it has happened more than thrice already. every time i cross the 38000 metres mark the game freezes and automatically closes which results in me losing all my score and achievements in that run. if this continues i will have to change my rating to 3 stars as the game is still top notch!
g harrington : much more cluttered and low-contrast- more eye-straining chore than timing when jumping rocks. you can pay to get rid of adverts, but i couldn't get enough playtime between adverts to decide if it was worth it. the first game was so zen... but after 30 seconds of play and three minutes of ads, this one made me want to smash my 'phone. is it worth paying a couple of quid to remove ads? no idea, and can't be bothered enduring ad-bullying just to find out. uninstalled.
wesley quist : i just downloaded this game and i'm loving it already. i gave it 4 stars because i haven't played more levels yet. i'll come back if it's good. i love the graphics and the game play. what i love already is the zen mode. very soothing and relaxing. with the music especially. kudos to the development team.!!
kwame amponsah : i love this game and it's fun to play but i have a problem with the magnet. it is limited to a certain radius of attraction especially when wingsuiting unlike other games where the magnet attracts coins even not visible on screen however, great game.
gurav ram : ok so this a almost perfect game except sometimes it makes a buzzing noise and crashes though i do have an idea can you add underground versions of each biome? like the underground canyon has a underground area which has alot of gold and a special item obtainable via playing while the temples has a special addition to the compass which you can pay a fee to get to the underground areas fast also another idea is getting into the underground layers is to find a cave opening otherwise, i this game
bhavna vatsa : i love this game. the sound effects, the transitions, the video quality, background music, these elements add to a wholesome soothing experience. been playing this game for almost a year and not yet bored..
darren johnson : a beautiful game, works very well and the levels seem achievable so far. but the adverts drive me crazy, just let me buy the game. the adverts ruin an amazing looking product. only reason not 5 stars.
justin : alright so i went out my way to post this review and i usually never do reviews so that should show you how entertaining this game is. the art style is beautiful; i saw people complaining about it being too dark but that wasn't an issue for me. i also saw people complaining about ads but i think there wasn't much ads at all. great time killer, cool new concept, it's definitely worth a download.
ryan ogigon : one of the best and most well put together games. very good soundtrack and amazing crisp images. the developers need more recognition. and there are like no ads pushed on you. its a nice change! thank you from alberta, canada
jon : just ok. the game would be a lot better if you are able to distinguish what are rocks. i felt they blended too much into the landscape and didn't even know i hit one until afterwards. after i kept hitting rock after rock after rock, i uninstalled the game
leo : this game's great, i just wish there was an option to disable weather and time cycle. it's basically impossible to see when it's nighttime, and i've had several good runs end due to a rock that i couldn't see.
frazier willard : great game and so easy to enjoy. the game changes slowly which keeps it interesting and i love the zen mode that lets you just keep going. such a good soundtrack, probably the best feature of the game.
reaz rahman : the best game ever!!!!!! the weather, the background, the nature and it's sound...and specially the music are so much perfect. it's the most relaxing and refreshing game i've ever played....i highly suggest you guys to play this game once.
tom fadge : honestly the gameplay is great, its just the ads that make it annoying to play for any length of time. i would happily pay for an ad-free version just to stop seeing the same videos over and over.
stacia gagnon : i could easily fall asleep while playing in zen mode i love the graphics and the music is phenomenal. i love how there are day night cycles and the sunsets and sunrises as well as the thunderstorms are beautiful. i love that you can either play competitively or in zen mode where you can just play freely without having to worry about points and restarting. and i also love how the birds follow you and all the new features like jumping on tornados and balloons. best game ever would give 10/5 stars
spencer maid : overall the game is amazing. the only thing is the occasional moment when it doesnt register and taps and i have to restart the game. and the wall riding seems to be a little buggy still.
a google user : i thought it was great replacement for alto's adventure. u can wallride, bounce on balloons, and skim on water. the lemur is a great replacement for the elder and it's also a different sport, it's sand boarding. there is three different biomes - the hills, the canyons and the temples. great game it is.
rose grover : i have had this game for years and its one i never get tired of, i normally get bored of a game within a week or two but alto is so relaxing and the challenges keep it interesting. recently the game has been laggy and jumpy, its harder to play and less enjoyable, hence 4 stars not 5.
mark : love the simplicity and fun of it. however there is a small bug that plays the waterfall sound effect even if there aren't any around, not the end of the world but, it is a bit bothering.
ayan mandal : couldn't help giving 5 stars for the wholesome experience ignoring its few limitations. game mechanics is so good that i can feel the path the characters go through. mood changes with change of weather in game! total bonding with alto and all others.
mary-beth holland : i love it. but my favorite part is the zen mode! it's so relaxing! i like it for when i'm stressed and not up to the pressure of the game. and the graphics are beautiful. great job. make more like it. with the graphics and everything.
adrian williams : you might enjoy this if you've got good reflexes. it's certainly a good looking game. but, if not, you'll find that you never really get into it, with all the crashing into stuff and needing to watch an advert to respawn.
nicholas chau : when the game goes to night time in the game it's too dark to see the difference between the rocks, the foreground, the background and your character. it all needs more contranst if you want to keep the day night cycling.
adil parray : amazing game with ambient sounds and environment. but dev's please add new events and most important thing. when a goal is achieved, it must immediately be replaced with new goal, not wait first for the other two to be completed.
enoobis : only complaint is that when it gets dark in the game, avoiding rocks is like playing russian roulette cause you can't see s*** . i even lose track of my character sometimes. its a great game and the lighting effects are beautiful but it just gets too dark
a google user : this is a great, captivating game that has a brilliant design and amazing soundtrack. it is an inspiring game that shows how beautiful nature really is. i highly recommend this game to all ages and anyone how is looking for a vast, deep new game. hope this review was helpful!!
a google user : same as alto's adventure with few exceptions but after one level,it's hard to get through to the next level. same as the alto's adventure. truly disgusting for me.
kornel konyari : lot of ppl complaining about ads and lags, but you can just turn wifi off. anyways, beautiful graphics, immersive music, and it feels so good when you are in a good run.
rohit gurav : the graphics are great!! but there should be more to the game play.... like more tricks, different coins, enemies, etc.. and where are the llamas from alto's adventure..???
omar safan : this game is cool ! just need something,multiplayer mode. the kind of multiplayer that we want is local wifi. and also in the multiplayer mode like when we cross a bridge the wooden floor breaks for the 2 players. thanks for the great game
roshan jay : it's my favorite mobile game. i love everything in this game. but why are you making it pain in the ass with these painstaking unskippable ads. i'm okay with regular skippable ads like in the other games. but these ads make me quit the game after 2 rounds. you're loosing me just because of these ads.
fahim eashat : well, this game is what i called peace in the form of programming. only complain is in photo mode the save option is missing. please let us allow to save the amazing moment we are having with alto. please bring back save feature.
jesse hornblum : love the game but it keeps crashing. i've accomplished all the goals for level 30 multiple times but the game randomly crashes and loses my progress for the run. this is super frustrating. please fix - google pixel 3 xl
yax : as well as the game, i wanna praise noodle cake studios. every little detail has been thought out from screen transitions to the music. this brought back memories of playing pandonium and super mario in my younger days. i got so immersed into the world you've created. great job guys! i hope you guys develop a full game on one of the major consoles.
neha motwani : i love this game so much! this one has got so many new features than the first one and the music this time is wonderful. also the variety of landscapes and its animation is beautiful. a great relaxing game!
hari ch : by far the best game i have ever played although many ads ruin the game. noodlecake studios did a fantastic job on this game and the music is just too good and relaxing.if you are a stressed person i recommend this game to you. the textures are also really good.overall this game is perfect for all ages and i really think noodlecake should remove the ads and i recommend you to buy this game.
emily bowman : very pretty, nearly unplayable. all of the effort went into the graphics, it's obvious, and virtually none into fun mechanics, let alone effortless ones that let you zone out on the art. the music stops and doesn't start back up. and the greatest sin, the ads shortly become incredibly intrusive. hard skip.
core frisk : wanna know why rated 1 star? i got everything fair and square, but every time i get even a decent run it closes immediately. i hate this and it ruins the experience. i once did a 100,000 meter run, then it closed down and i had to restart. that took over 10 minutes! i hate this app now, and im not downloading it again til it is fixed.
amir shokouhi : playing this game is such a calming experience. it's also a lot of fun if you'd rather play to pass the levels. with pandemi, playing alto and listening to podcasts simultaneously is my favorite part of the day. thanks!
david mott : total scam game designed to force you to spend 70% of the time watching vile vids to continue. i completed one task at least six times and never once got credit for it. crashes frequently, controls are garbage as well!
valeria godoy : i love this game. it's beautiful, magic, easy to play and so relaxing, the music is unforgettable and touching and the sceneries are a piece of art. actually you can't describe it only with words, you have to try it!
boris b : don't bother, get the first game where you can buy stuff for collected coins. in this one you pay with real money for almost everything. new characters, coins, not to mention you can revive for coins now. shame,first game was perfect, this is just money grab.
a google user : at first i thought it was just more of the same with different scenery, but i have to admit it is pretty classy with enough differences. also ridiculously cheap to get rid of adverts and you really don't need to spend any more money after that. quality.
david slattery : beautiful game, but i couldn't see a way to get rid of the ads. i would pay to be able to play with privacy/no ads but once the 3rd interstitial popped up i got sick of it and uninstalled.
emma wenrich : i love this game, the graphics are amazing and so is the music. one problem i have is that the levels start to get super hard and i end up using my coins to advance, but i dont really mind.
ctavi : great and simple pass time, has all the aspects of an addictive rage game without the anger. also features a sense mode. great stress reliever, fun, and draws you in easily. would rate higher if possible
phil carway : a good, solid time killer. nice visuals and a soothing soundtrack, with just enough levelling up and targets to achieve to make you keep playing. i'm really enjoying playing this at the minute!
stephen sloane : my only issue with the game is that the music will stop playing in future rounds after an ad appears at the end of a previous round. this happens even if the ad is silent, and the only solution is to completely close and reopen the app.
balaguru ragupathi : amazing. you guys managed to pull it off again. the art style and music are out of this world. love the new mechanics too. it doesn't disrupt the flow too much and it is much more interactive as a result. great job guys!
frank aakvik : i love the feeling of freedom and adventure ...up until you are forced to watch an ad for 25 seconds. even if you choose to exit your final run, you are sometimes forced to watch an ad. by the time you have played this game for ten minutes, you have watched at least 15 ads. it's a game driven by ads.
natalie jameson : this game is just bueatiful and so peaceful. i love that they put a zen mode where you can play without scores or restarting. the senery changes as you go and the art style fits it perfectly, if you can play it. play it.
ayush sarkar : amazing game with excellent scenery, weather effects and an amazing soundtrack.it is another fine creation after the previous hit version.if u like the first one, then there is not much difference in this sequel. i won't force u to install the game, but if u are looking for a relaxing game with scenic beauties, then please give it a try. i love this game very much and it triggers my sense of introvert within me.as always, deserves 5 stars , nothing less than that.love it.
tony farg : its relaxing and beautiful but i think the endless mode in this game would be better if there is no obstacles at all and add more stuff to the environment like camels for example and maybe a little customization to the character like changing the scarf or the skateboard it would be just perfect
manastar cubing : such a beautiful game! simplistic gameplay and graphics, but done right. the music is so zen and relaxing! the gameplay is fun and fulfilling for hours on end! although, i would suggest playing on zen mode, as the normal mode isn't as fun.
caeliegh cole : beautiful background music captivating landscapes and simple fun gameplay. only really gets old when you complete all the quests but that takes a while. overall a great game to play casually.
jorge p arancibia : i really enjoyed alto's journey...and this definitely feels like a sequel game. there are definitely improvements and new tricks you can do while still having that familiar feeling of the first game. great to relax and enjoy the ambience it creates...
peter spies : its actually a really fun, easy, and chill way to waste some time . its simple one finger controls don't mean you can't control the character well, in fact, controls are actually really fun. 5 stars!
gian lucca : breathtaking and very fun! the screen is a bit too dark, and sometimes the jumps feel impossible to do. but still, it's nothing that ruins the experience of it. so far, this is the best mobile game i've played! great work!
paul santo : i love these little free games. i live in new york city and when you go underground on the subway you lose wifi sometimes. so i go the google play & load up one of these. alto's odyssey is the newest & top of the line. loads of fun.
b g : fantastic, charming sequel to the easy to play original. with great artistic visuals and music combined with fair gameplay and plenty of challenges, jumps, wall grinds and more, you'll be entertained even beyond unlocking all characters.
nick mcburney : this is the most well-made phone game i've come across. they truly paid close attention to detail with graphics, soundtrack, and fluidity. 10/10. i can only see them moving up from here with the quality of their future games.
manio goudarzi : one of the most beautiful games i've ever played, the exact choice of colour and music, the gameplay is fascinating, not too hard not too easy and very challenging and the fact that it has a zen mode makes it perfect
sandipan basak : this game is amazing, i really love it and the most important thing is the background is always changing as the adventure goes on and very light music makes the adventure even better. it deserves 5 star rating.
thehawaiiguy : this game is an absolute beauty! i've had it for about a year and the game play is very satisfying and calming. the warm shading and remarkable sound design are some of the best i've seen in a mobile game. if i were to be able to update the game, i would add some more biomes and more mechanics to give it some variety. this game is truly one of a kind!
a google user : there are times when i don't have a choice but to die, when i jump from a high mount and as soon as i land, i die. even with paz it's basically impossible to avoid these terribly annoying situations.
d3ad kid : i absolutely love this game, i am actually surprised it is free, the game is soo fun. i also love the zen mode when you just relax and surf through the beautiful landscape with soft music, the game is well made with incredible graphics but at the same time smooth on low devices. i am a big mobile game player soo i have a lot of games on my phone, but i can assure you this is my favourite. great job
mohamad ilham : a must try game. easy to understand & control, although it got ads, you can turn off the mobile data to prevent the ads. don't worry, the game could run without network. not to forget, it got zen mode, where you could play with ease and peace with the melodious soundtrack.
andrew patterson : awesome game but ads kill the experience, ads last 30 secs after each fall most times and the ones after a fall cannot be skipped. can be worked around using aeroplane mode but should not be the case. pay to win also.
darren gutierrez : the game was absolutely beautiful, and i find it easier to do flips in this game rather than the previous alto game "alto's adventure" highly recommend this game. the zen mode is beautiful with absolutely phenomenal music. keep making games alto team.
josh bates : when you think of the word flawless, things of true perfection come to your mind. your mother's cooking, perhaps, or maybe a poem that you cherish. for anyone who plays this game, alto's odyssey likely finds its way into the train of thought. it never becomes boring, always keeping you captivated with better distance, higher skill scores, and interesting challenges. it has you spending late hours at night, trying to get that next character. and if you would rather just relax, there's a zen mode.
ishan singh : it's very relaxing, almost meditative, great way to spend time and clear you mind of all tensions. graphics are amazing and the music is just unreal, it's epic and soothing.
krishnajith shaji pillai : wonderful game. very addicted and not too hard to finish the game as some games needs to much the points or china whatever they need to complete levels or buy new stuff or upgrade, etc. already finished the game once but installed again. because it's that nice
mark eyre : fun game, non-intrusive ad deployment. but good heavens, can we get some colourblind mode up in here? the nighttime scenes are so dark and mono-chromatic i can't see a thing... when a night scene starts i just have to take a dive a restart hoping the next round starts on a scene wherein i can actually see the character.
a google user : this is sooooo beautiful and with your headphones it's even better i can't complain about the music cos i'm a music guy i always judge the music in a game but i have to tell ya, there is absolutely nothing wrong with the music. thank u alto.
divyanshu mohanty : the visuals of the game are amazing. the soundtrack fits it as well. the controls are pretty simple as well. i could play this (or alto's adventure) all day and not get bored.
rich kerwin : honestly a perfect game. simple, peaceful, challenging, fun. lovely art style and music. i'm impressed. and a small dev team too--i was checking out the credits.
nora trailmaker : i really like this game but, i wish there was a way to pay for an ad free version. maybe there is and i haven't figured out? it also crashes occasionally but usually will let you resume. but that isn't helpful if you're in the middle of a jump or backflip.
sym d : the most well polished game ive played. every aspect of it is beautiful, this is the first time ive spent hours on an endless runner.. i dont even mind the ads, the developers deserve some pay for this amazing game and it can be removed by a single purchase.
a google user : i really loved it lot as well when i played the first one alto's adventure the graphics background scenery especially the music was so nice now this game was killing all the features have been developed the idea of hot air balloons was so nice i really suggest to others to install it congratulations to the alto team keep doing it more
marcelina strachanowska : everything is good except for lack of music that happens after every forced pop up ad after crashing. i have to close the app and start it again for music to play while going downhill. music is very important part of the experience while playing and without it it's just not fun. please take a look at this issue.
sevi : amasing game. one finger controls everything. the music and environment is absolutely amasing with immersive feels. it is quite challenging too. but well worth the time. and potentially the money.
emmanuel boref : challenging, fun and beautiful are the words that would describe "alto's odyssey' . noodlecake studios have created another masterpiece, just like the previous game "alto's adventure" in this the game, the developers have still keep the core concepts, but added more fun and awesome things to do.
pradip sahu : it's really very good game i had played yet because of the relaxing songs they play makes me fell to much fresh and good. what to talk about zen mode that the best mode . and i saw many people saying that it has to much ads but if you play offline ads don't come. playin it is little bit hard in starting then if you come used to it you can play it easily. last is to tell is add some more mode like auto play in this your character will move in his own and u will even get relaxed.thats it
ellery troyer : the alto games are a lot of fun. they are relaxing both visually and musically. odyssey has way too many ads. there should be an option to purchase an ad free version.
euge : beautiful game, but the aggressive advertising (which one either cannot skip or where you are forced to go to advertisers' webpages) is just too much and destroys the experience of what would be an absolutely addictive feast for the eyes. uninstalled
kailas kishore : a great mellow, aesthetic experience that soothes you from deep down. the music really captivates you and almost forces you to play. although, the game could use a few more features and stunts, the backflip is sufficient.. but still..
max moore : endless entertainment, the goals are very addictive to try and achieve. visuals and audio are beautiful, the revolving landscape is very immersive! best mobile game experience i have had to date.
amber levesque : this game is truly magical . . . in ways that i can't explain, this game has changed me. its so peaceful. the art and music are wonderfully made. the graphics are so smooth. everything is amazing, can't wait for part 3 ! !
hrishi kaesha pratap sarkar : it's a very soothing game but it is hard to collect money. the challenges go harder and harder as you progress through the game .and it's zen mode is awesome overall a good time killer game.
sarah jawad : best experience ever with the best graphics offered with the best gameplay. my personal favourite is the zen mode which allows players just to relax and explore the extraordinary desert with great soundtrack.i would like to thank the game producers for making such a great game.these kind of games are rare to find.
dragon oktane. : the upgrade to alto's adventure is awesome but i feel like the difficulty got reduced. the game play in alto's adventure is harder and more challenging than odyssey. but all things considered it's a very awesome game very well structured.
begone : an amazing game to play to watse time with amazing graphics and an objective that isn't too hard nor too easy. the tutorial lags abit but the actual game does not. would reccomend to anyone.
vixie : this game is amazing. first off, it's addictive. the graphics are so simple and clean but stunning at the same time. truly s beautiful game with calming music. quests to keep you from getting bored and fun surprises in gameplay keep you in n your toes!
samuel price : i came expecting a reskinned alto's adventure but now i'm hook on the gorgeous new scenery, locations, and addictive new mechanics. a worthy sequel that i would definitely recommend. there are ads after each run but we all know what to do by now.
kamikaze digital : the gameplay and vibe is chill, until you get swamped with unskippable ads after a quick fall. i don't want to stop what i'm doing after every single run. it's quite aggressive and ruins the chill vibe this game thrives on.
ashish vatsa : this game is the definition of mobile gaming. it feels as if it is tailor made for me. i have completed this game 3 times. i reset my score then play again. that's how brilliant it is. same goes for alto's adventure.
uselesstoothbrush : this app is so relaxing. i love the gameplay and music. also the adds aren't bad, and the devs deserve more attention. amazing colors and lovely characters!! i highly recommend it for people who just want to relax.
yogesh naresh : yes!!! thank you for fixing the google play signin bug. this is one of my favorite endless run games and i was going to un install for ever but once i saw the new update with bug fixes i installed the update and could singin to google play and get my progress back.
taff dickinson : it's a very relaxing and enjoyable game, then you are interrupted by loud ads that detract from the experience. add to that the ads seem to ignore you clicking the x and repeatedly take you to the app store.....
robert powell : been playing it on and off for ages and i played altos adventure before it. great game. simple concept but it keeps you interested. graphics and sound are soothing, especially in the mindful mode.
adam vieira : i was a big fan of alto's adventure, so i was disappointed when i played and hated this game. it is unnecessarily difficult. the chasms are frequently impossible to jump, rocks are almost impossible to distinguish from the background unless its daytime in game. speaking of, this game takes place in the desert. the desert! yet somehow every time i play it is either "night time" in game, or (when it is day time) there's a rain or sand storm. you can't see a damned thing!!!
robyn : really calming and well animated. the design is over all stunning and the game is on a whole new level of chill. the sounds are one of the best bits in my opinion, especially when it rains
a google user : i think it would be really cool if u could have different worlds or maps heck maybe if we could make our own worlds or maps! and at night could u make the scarf glow or something bc its really hard to see for me. other than that, this game is exquisite and really smooth :)
astrox : it's very fun, but sometimes the game can be unreasonably hard. sometimes the rocks on the road become shockingly indistinguishable from other things in the road and can barely notice them sometimes.
andrew manion : it's practically the same as alto's adventure. there aren't enough new features to warrant a completely different game. the devs should have just added it to the other game as a separate mode or vice versa
scott meathrell : a fair and anger free game that makes it enjoyable to level up. they absolutely must make the next alto game on mobile and home consoles. the lighting is so beautiful, i want to see it on a giant tv screen at 60fps.
destiny ciecalone roberts : hard to tell which objects are art and which will affect your run. backflip function should be more controllable. frustrating to play, lacks the smoothness a game like this should have.
james massy : fantastic! i don't rate games often but, the alto games are always great. only critique is the usual to many ads. even there though its integrated in a way that doesn't annoy to much. good job guys! keep up the good work.
nadine bruno : absolutely 1000 % the most beautiful game ever for a speed run type game play game!! the amazing backdrop, wonderful landscape designs!! soundtrack reminds me of another favoret game i had played( beyond good & evil). this game alio's odyssey is super fun & a dream to play, i'm enjoying every second of playing this wonderful game & zen mode is a nice way to just really relax to take in all this game's beauty but also casting through the levels in true game mode is challenge fun with trippy flips
vikram a vernekar : best game i ever played. you just lose yourself in it...in a good way; not the pub-g kind. maybe not for thrill seekers although it is thrilling in its own way. zen mode is relaxing; the music in this mode is delightfully haunting!
chao ming : this game is amazing, wonderful and fun. but the ads...they are overwhelming the game, every one game needs to watch an ad that cannot be skipped! at least make them skippable. overall, awesome game.
the lonely kid : as far as sequels go this is just perfect. building up on the first and staying true to the core. that is what every sequel needs. and this game does just that. the soothing, endless adventure with the desert theme on top. yeah things do get better.
thandiwe siwo : the music, the animation, the graphics, the adventures! i love this game. i love it so much and it amazes me how much heart the developers put into this game. so relaxing and smooth. love it very much.
anantha krishnan : best relaxing game, forever stunting over chasms/waterfalls/cliffs with setting/rising sun or moon with rain/sandstorm, simply beautiful backgrounds that are incredibly breathtaking that change into day or night with different weather each time!!!! if i want to relax in between call of duty/vainglory sessions,i take this game to chill and relax. once you get hang of it, you can keep going forever plus there is zen mode too! wingsuit takes a lot of time to charge up, that is my only complaint
boog : this game is not at all what i thought it was going to be, i thought this would be story driven instead of trying to beat your previous score. you're just trying to beat your distance every single try. and all form of customization costs money. overall, disappointed.
krigarious : i was playing this game in my previous device. i was logged into google play games and my progress was saved, then, i switched device and logged into google play games, i can see am my achievements from my previous device but i was made to start from level one. even after restarting the game several times, i can't get back to the level i was on my previous device. it's so frustrating.
b : this game is genuinely beautiful. the sound design is perfect. the graphics are amazing. it is relaxing yet stimulating. optional ads! support these developers and get this.
kanessha rama krishnan : smooth gameplay. a very relaxing game. however, i don't quite understand if it's my fault that i have to fall every time i jump but land next to a rock and the next milisecond, slam onto the rock and fall...
ramakant maithani : it gets hard to locate a rock sometimes. you have to constantly pay attention to the track ahead, can't even look around to view the other enviroment in the game. please do something about it!
emily che : amazing game! all the praise is deserved. it runs smoothly and that zen option is so good! it is challenging but you have option to skip something if you really cannot do it. also music is great.
hanan br : honestly, i get that ad cents are some real deal but come on mahn, you can't force us to watch an ad despite opting for no ads. if we wanted to revive it, we had to watch em. but to rather not watch the ad, we might press no but nonetheless end up watching the ad anyway. so what's the deal? it breaks the flow tbh. i enjoy this game, i really do, but don't ruin that admiration to annoying-ness and gradually make us hate it maybe?
caiuby freitas : really bad experience. i used to love the previous version. this second installment really sucks because they included a bunch of ads and increased the difficulty for no reason. thanks to the ads, each round take to much to restart when you lose, unless you pay. this is not in my cell phone anymore.
dylan nash : a beautiful masterpiece, a little tricky at first, but once you unlock maya (level 11 i think) it'll be alot more fun. if you want, you can also mute the game's volume and play your own music with spotify or soundcloud in zen mode for the best experience.
shourya dev singh rathore : game lags ..accompanied by occasional glitches sometimes(lotus or super coin isn't picked even after passing through them). music is good..overall a simple game to relax but becomes monotonous after some time...add other music,new landscapes( hav'nt seen update)
sharan k.e : whenver you crash or fail the run in this game, you need to watch an ad to continue. there is no x button to close the ad. if the unskippable ad placement were for rewarded ads, i think it would be 100% correct, but not for normal gameplay. 99.99% of the game is to serve ads that will completely takeover your phone and the remaining 0.01% is actually where the gameplay happens. this review does not go beyond 1 star until this issue is resolved and i'm saying goodbye to this app because of ads.
doyle d'paiva : adventure and odyssey are great games, so when i first downloaded this game i donated because i liked the fact they hadn't sold out with annoying ads... then 'they' started appearing, more and more, and it shirts me off. i quit the game the moment i see them. i'm not paying to remove ads, and i no longer donate to developers i like. i've removed stars just writing this.
srbenda : this is maybe the best game i ever played. graphics, controls everything!! the music is so breath taking in the normal game-mode, but in "zen mode" it gets on a whole new level. this game is a masterpiece! keep up the good work developers!!
sarang chavan : this is the first ever game that i am rating. beautiful calming destressing are the words i would use. the music is exceptionally soothing. and it is full of adventure as well. zen mode is just awesome...
rafsan abedin rifan : one of the best mobile games i have played in my entire life.it didn't just help to pass my time but it also helped me to relax.the views and the background musics are so amazing.the music artists killed it.after installing and launching the game,swipe left to activate the zen mode and play using headphones.the zen mode music is more relaxing.
suyash khatiwara : i'd like to rate this game a big 5, kudos to the developers, the sfx and graphics are so realistic, the game is perfect to play at any mood, it just cheers you up. lastly, the warm and soothing music is just wow.
oscar jite-orimiono : great concept. i like that the same characters and abilities were retained. i wasn't expecting this to be better than alto's adventure but it surprised be. really enjoy the music too. 5 stars seem insufficient.
wayne froese : this app sucks. it contains ads that are deceptive. they show an x but clicking there does not close the ad. you might think that casual deception isn't a big deal but there is really no excuse for it. shameful!
priyanshu singh : i would be giving 5 stars but i installed this game coz i like its music and game play and music is not fine it always goes silent itself and sometime stops after making annoying sounds. otherwise its great keep it up but improve music plzzz....... or i have to uninstall this .....!!
hsp : what the hell with the ads! every other time i crashed and hit play again, there will always be 1 or 2 annoying ads playing. and when i play the game offline to avoid the ads from playing, there will be a blank black screen instead. i would've enjoyed this game if it wasn't because of the ads.
iam sirkid : i just recently found this game and i must save it a darn good time killer, i love the graphics "amazing", controls are easy and the trick is to if you time it right "could use more tricks though".. all and all i recommend this game..
gowtham kamal : game unnecessarily takes touch input even if i'm not touching the screen. when i'm playing game, the character, randomly unnecessarily jumps, flips and eventually crashes on to the ground. this is very very frustrating experience with the game of such a calibre. why there is a worst glitch in the game. are developers experiencing this or not. this spoils the game experience completely. i didn't expect this from a game which is listed as editor's choice on google play store.
collin christian : amazing game, only reason a rate three stars is because you can't get rid of ads even if you pay for it, although it clearly states that i find it odd to pay 2 dollars only for you to still have ads. kinda scummy in my opinion.
dmitriy tartynov : cute graphics, but so stupid. the same again and again, many times with no gameplay changes, levels or any visible progress. guys, stop releasing the same game under different names.
amy davis : i love this game!!! it's so cool with the calm but satisfying music, scenery, and just sandboarding in general. one issue i had though, was when i paid the compass 1k to take me to the temples, it did, but i went on the game later and it put me in the canyons. other than that, i recommend this game, it's the kind of game that doesn t ge you bored or overly addicted to it!
jacob kim : this game was pretty enjoyable at first, but then i started to try the zen mode and it just got infinitely better. i turned on my volume to hear the music that reminded me of my troubles and gave me a feeling of hope. it is just an insanely relaxing game that is definetely fun and especially calming
dustin gamby : this is easily one of the best free games i've come across. just an enjoyable experience between visuals and music. the zen mode is especially nice when i'm just wanting to relax and take my mind of everything.
hexil : this game is so immersive and amazing, at first i download it, played it, and really hated it, but i never deleted it a few weeks later i play it again and i realize that this game is not about jumping over the rocks and surviving it's about telling a story using visuals it's an adventure and i love it so much
irfan bhuiyan : fantastic graphics and simple game play blah blah blah, all the same. but what most don't mention is the music and how it ties the entire game much better than anything else. the simple touches like the birds of paradise the sandstorms and even the lemur add to the wholesomeness of the game
andreas geropoulos : i like this game a lot actually. very competitive and very relaxing. what deserves a lot and i love is the zen mode where there are no scores no distances and no deaths and that meditative music. very good game, well done.
anastassia kuznetsova : an awesome game!!!!!! chilling atmosphere, cool characters with different abilities, multiple powerups, amazing gameplay! i like this as well as the original one! please keep up with your work and help others enjoy it even more! my suggestion is making more new charecters and fun things but right now it's already amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!
seth : beautiful backdrops & dynamic weather patterns. and thanks for the latest update fixing the loading issue. i would highly recommend trying this game if you enjoy infinite runner type games with an appreciation for art.
worm : the gameplay is simple, but engaging. the graphics are beautiful, the environment is beyond gorgeous, and the music is relaxing. the game is one of my all time favourites, always a joy to play!
adfafla : i love the creativity put into this game. the simplicity of every feature makes everyone able to learn the rope in a matter of minutes. i also love the design a lot. great job!!!
madeline .m : it's so cool! this is a high quality game. the graphics are beautiful, the controls are great, and the llama is back! :d i love the desert theme. i have spent hours playing this game and have made alot of progress in it. i'd absolutely recommend this to a friend!
tom williams : incredibly artistic graphics; simplistic controls yet an amazing depth of play. great music and sound effects. attention to detail even extends to constantly changing backgrounds. such a great game
rahul thosar : this is one of the best games out there. even helps to sooth the mind while playing. but off late i have started to notice drop in frame rates when there are lot many objects being rendered. please fox. samsung galaxy s9+ 9.0
sneaky sun turtle : wonderful and calming game. i'd recommend playing this and not bothering with alto's journey though (which the game recommends in one of the tabs) - journey has the same concept but odyssey has more diversity in the game play and is just overall more enjoyable.
jim jam : it's a good game and beautiful soundtrack but the bugs and glitches is what's killing it for me, please fix soon as most of the time i can't play it because it's so buggy and i lose as soon as i start playing 90% of the time
darker spork : i loved alto's adventure, so i was excited to play this, and it didn't disappoint! same basic premise, but in new locations and with lots of new ideas and features! super peaceful and relaxing to play!
furry_hunter : this game is... amazing. graphics are incredible for mobile, even better on computer where you can buy for 10 dollars from the epic games store. the music is relaxing, and both modes are very entertaining. 10/10 would marry if i could.
elizabeth harkins : omfggggshshsjsjbe your game is beautiful! beautiful soundtrack beautiful art beautiful premise everything i almost exclusively play on zen mode and i love how the music is so intuitive! it swells and dips at just the perfect times! after only about 15 minutes of playing the game i already felt a connection with little alto. thank-you
5sided square : this game is an upgrade from the other 5 star game alto's adventure it adds new mechanics new biomes and the sound and graphic design is absolutely stunning and it was worth buying the coin doubler and the ad remover. i would happily pay 10 dollars for this game it is so much fun
daniel hu : great app but the character constantly backflips without me even touching the screen. also, when i am backflipping, usually it stops backflipping and that makes me land on my head and die. this wasnt very often in the past, but now it happens more and more often. i cant go through a round without this happening three or four times.
nicole lincoln : the music is amazing, the gameplay can be a bit laggy at times, but otherwise is good. the art style is wounderful. its a very enjoyable game and can also be relaxing.
holly brosch : alto's odyssey is a fantastic game because it's scenery is beautiful and turn up the sound and you will hear and see peaceful paridice of this awesome game. if you have the old alto game (alto's adventure) you will love this one. it is much better than the old one. just trust me and get this game, you will not regret it i love it and i promise you will too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
gigi : this game is my favorite mobile game of all time!! it's fun and relaxing, while still being difficult. (i can't speak english ahdjdkdhs) but yeah there absolutely nothing wrong with it, and it isn't swarmed in ads. even if it was, i wouldn't care because its such an amazing game. the creators deserve so much more credit!!
inderjit kumar : hey, there is a bug in this game, when we play it for a long, sometimes jumping system doesn't work. it stucks and players unable to jump. otherwise i love this game.
jow babadook : beautiful game. for those complaining about the ads, there is zen mode where you can play the game without crashing or falling into pits, and there are no ads. there are also a lot less adds overall now.
efren norstein : good game but previous one was indeed more solid. update after few days: just uninstall it. prev game was indeed much better, i played for hours. wall riding is so difficult to control, so fustrating. during night phase visibility is quite bad. its beautiful game but it went for worst. gamer for more than 30 years but got exasperated and deleted it
devansh ruia : good game. gameplay are somewhat unclear and difficult to understand. severe cumbersome exceptions to in game physics. many of the game elements are too significant but a few are appropriate. needs more improvement.
mr wadud : one of the most satisfied game ever!!!!!great graphics.good features.different places to discover and by unlocking players with different abilities , it's more fun and addicted. also its offline!!!!
sage : way too many ads. after every time i play i get an ad. literally everytime. whether i die in 1 minute or 1 second i have to watch an ad, it's ridiculous. this game is absolutely ruined by this and worse about half of them are ads for casino games which is super inappropriate for my household with children in it. i'm going to have to uninstall if this continues.
a google user : initial gameplay is confusing, but fun once you get used to the controls. gorgeous graphics, nice development of abilities and changing interactive objects (eg, the waterfalls), etc.
a google user : the game is great. but for some reason it used 450mb of my data! what on earth is it downloading that would use that much foreground data? i already paid for the removal of ads so i can't think of what it could possibly be downloading to account for that level of use. five star game. three stars for messing up my phone bill.
synanamous flamanamus : intuitive visuals based on how far you progress! a unique and beatiful aspect of this game. the progressive change in environments and zen music trances me like no other game ever before. best simple command free 2d game ive played in years
levi hand : big fan of the series, and i love this iteration. however, i'm playing on a pixel 5, android 11 os, and half the time i come off a wall grind, the character inadvertently gets stuck in a flip. can't tap out of it, all i can do is watch my character plow their head into the sand
gabriel witt : this game is fun a first but then you get to leveling up, it gets harder, almost impossible and it dont help that you get coins so slow. another thing i noticed about this game is that the wall riding onto the chasem is retarded you can almost never make it there is a 75% chance you dothe other 25%makes you go into a rage and smash your phone
a google user : plays fantastic in 2d on lenovo mirage solo vr headset -- looks awesome on virtual 200" television! :d this version is very similar to the first version, alto's adventure, to me. a few new sceneries and backgrounds, ever-so-slight different game play, but more of the same. still enjoyable, however. art is excellent.
azhar khan : fantastic follow up and addictive gameplay. the music, ambience and gameplay is perfectly balanced to immerse you in a lively and lush environment that keeps you coming back for more.
a google user : same as 1st alto but more annoying nine times out of ten i dont have the speed to jump a chasm and typically you dont have anything to pull a stunt off of befoe the chasm in order to get up to speed. and don't get me started on the stupid wall grinds. played for a couple of months and uninstalled both alto's.
stella le : simple, but engaging gameplay and very pretty graphics. the game can feel a bit aimless once you've beaten the goals, but it's still fun to just surf as far as you can.
ezra masri : amazing music and great graphics. my only problem is that the controls are a bit hard to pick up for beginners. however, the controls are great once u get used to them. game play is 10/10.
yonatan harari : a very well polished game completely ruined with awful ads that cannot be turned of even with payments. the ads are ugly and intrusive, after one level. as a rule of thumb if a game doesn't give you a way to disable ads it's not worth it.
mr preacher man : beautiful work of formosity.. the game brings the perfect fantasy play. the composer of music, the art style, controls, all of it just a work of art. id love to see more games in the exact manner. maybe try space next time. gg.
exongalatic : love it, honestly i do, but its not as fun as the snow boarding one. i mean it has more of a challenge. ppl chase you, the ppl chasing you get faster, theres more things to avoid, and you have a goal to chase after the alpacas. which is also fun
effective detective : this game is an amazing work of art! it's a splendid relaxing game that has incredible landscapes and has a calm and smooth elegance about it. 10/10 would recommend, and noting that i have a stronh distaste for mobile games. thank you for making this masterpiece of a game!
tek maverick : well done dot. the attention to detail is amazing, this is what a finished game looks and feels like. other should learn from you. and may i suggest a story mode for the third saga? 10/10 would recommend to a friend.
mahtab m : best game i have ever played on my phone! it is even better than alto's adventure with many more options and sights and things you can do. the graphics, music, and gameplay are superb. i am sad i already finished it. waiting for a 3rd game!
lord jogonnath : excellent game. stunning graphics. soothing sounds. nice level selection. good items which can be bought( with ingame money! ). the idea of zen mode is quite unique. keep up the good work.
mitaculousbobo : this game is amazing! (as well as the first game) i find this very relaxing and the sound is incredible when you put your headphones on. it is simple, but it is great to just get immersed in the sounds and the lovely colors.
the dootster : this game is great, almost like the last one, but in the desert (obviously). had a but of a problem with the audio clipping but a very minor problem. great game! highly recommended!
just jessi : good game for people with skill definitely not me. i didnt get past the tutorial because it was taking a million tries. if you enjoy skill games this would be great. also the graphics are gorgeous and calming. would be a good game if it was my style.
jason leo : great except all the ads. its fine that you can watch a ad to continue when you crash but then when you end your run and want to play again you get a ad and that's too much. such a shame they made it ad heavy
jose santiago : this is what a mobile game should be. quick and easy to play with no micro transactions being forced down your throat. just a nice, simple, expertly crafted game that you can pick up and put down at your leisure.
shernice singh : by far the best game i have ever played. this is therapeutic and calming. the music is the best part. i love the fact that it is explorative and the change in weather is amazing. i want to see some other places that alto travels to.
arad donenfeld : amazing. the music, the background everything in general except for one thing that is not enough to take a star away: i think zen mode should have options like turn off obstacles and choose biome
ehmed : such a good game. recently finished altos adventures and this 8ne doesnt dissapoint. the level of effort put into creating the atmosphere is just...wow. kudos to you fellas, this is probably the only game series i constantly play.
a google user : the game is really awesome just like altos adventure. it is simple yet elegant. the concept is great. my suggestion is to add some features for the players to control the character.
dean kirk : a really fun game most of the time but so frustrating. all too often i get a mission like "grind 3 ruins in one run" and then get a level with no ruins at all. takes the fun out of it and makes me turn it off
abdelrahman saleh : guys the game was great until last update, sound noises and cracking every where waiting for the update for too long now and still nothing, the game is completely unplayable with this cracking noise. i even risked my progress (which is now lost) and reinstalled but still nothing.
jonas vogel : this game is a great timewaster, featuring a seamless downhill gliding experience with a great soundtrack which reminded me of journey (ps3) at times. i have enjoyed it quite a lot and still do.
vijaya pramodkumar raut : great relaxing game *but* i think there should be one thing to be improved taht zen mode should be autoplayed it would more relaxing and also there should more music then the game would be comolete one of a kind everything else is great ,loved it,beautiful graphics and scenes #just_awesome!!!
zander doby : beautiful game, same as the first. however, very frustrating that you can't see your character when night falls. it makes landing jumps almost impossible.
josiah mccoy : love the music and the casual play. simple achievements to work towards. controls are super simple but it gets very challenging. beautiful music and scenery.
one skitounet : nice inde game, nice music's and sounds but bugged tutorial which does not trigger when you do perfectly what is asked. sound waterfall bug. the sound is sometimes stuck and continue to play until the game is closed.
hunterxstreme 243 : took me about a couple of months but i was able to master it pretty easy it's just takes a long time and a lot of grinding to to get the character that you're most comfortable with a lock most of the settings anything else from that is a perfect 10 out of 10 game in my book and i really hope that you guys play it too if you haven't already played it and if you have planted i hope you had a good time or still already having a good time i don't know but i'm just going to say this its a masterpeace
john reeve : i rated this bad before and my rating was mysteriously removed!!! ridiculous dark scenes and jumps over chasms that are impossible despite trying them again and again. all designed to get you to "watch an ad" to continue. dont waste your time if you seriously want a good game to play!
uncle boobs : this game is incredibly annoying. one of the tasks i had to do was startle a lemur while doing a back flip. first of all, lemurs don't even live in the desert, you should know that. second of all, do you seriously think i can just predict when a lemur is going to pop up? besides, the landscape is practically always the same when i do find one, and its definitely not suitable for me to do a back flip. you seriously need to tone down your tasks. i'm always wasting coins because of them.
james speedy : would be 5 stars without the huge performance issues. on my lg g6 it runs stuttery almost all the time. if it runs well on your device it's just as fun and well made as the first alto game if not better. performance issues have me uninstalling but sadly.
carolyn grant : chasm jumps are so bad you lose all your momentum half way through the jump and die everytime. the map design is also very condusing which makes it hard to see obstacles nothing else to talk about cus there is nothing else to this game. trash sont waste your time.
jannatun tazri : i've been looking for a simple and beautiful gane for a very long time. when i stumbled upon this game it was like a dream come true. the graphics are amazing. the sounds are soothing. the game itself is simple and enjoyable. 100% recommend to anyone looking for a calm and soothing game.
kg anurag : i personally like this game very much. so far, this is an excellent stress-buster. the changing environment and the soothing music instantly makes you forget all your worries. no much talking, hats off to the developers. you did an amazing job with this one.
rusty f : couldn't get past the ramp tutorial, and seems to take heavy inspiration from journey by thatgamecompany. the game performance slows dramatically whenever i 'die.' i love the graphics though!
jonathan velasco : great controls. i wish there was an item that would increase flip speed, since flipping with the base character feels slow. otherwise, this is a very fun game.
raj kishore inti : i've completed all 180 levels of odyssey . it is so lively and feels so pleasant experiencing all that thunder's,storms and tornado's. it will make you feel calm and if you love relaxing music you should definitely try the "zen mode" trust me it will make you feel better and you're gonna love it. this can help you as a "stress reliever". i was personally so attached to it, it's not just a game for me it's more than that. it's my "world of adventure" and i think you should also give it a try:)
peter clark : great concept. too buggy to be enjoyable. the number of times i've clipped thru the ground or hit an invisible wall or gone straight thru a balloon.... i paid to remove ads. i regret that now.
abigail walsh : loving this game so much! beautiful visuals and music, and the gameplay is fun and relaxing, with just the right level of challenge. addictive in the best way. 6/5 stars.
smashua grimhammer : it's the same game as the first but with a different level. pretty sure even the one single song is the same as the first. the only difference is the entire point of the first one was abandoned lol. so you arent collecting anything but coins, for no apparent reason. i thought the sequel would be better, not worse.
christopher patnoe : really bad contrast, often hard to read. i enjoy it but am disappointed that there's a lot of dark text and dark night backgrounds that make it hard to read my goals. please fix!
swastik ray : beautiful graphics. stunning animations. and the oh-so-beautiful music. these make it a 5 star app. and a must have for everyone. ps- the " zen " mode is especially stunning
michael belano : this game has the most nicest scenery its so beatiful i cant stop playing but you have tp add more power ups,characters,scenerys and add an objective too and you could make some new boards and add some gamemodes :d if you want to but the greatest thing that i can imagine to have in this game is a multiplayer mode :d i can play with my family and friends with multiplayer mode :d totally recommend this game! :d
caleb welp : though stunningly beautiful and incredibly fun the multitude of lags throughout the game make it super frustrating to play, sapping it of its energy rocks trip you even when you jump them wall grinding is difficult for fast characters especially over chasms you fall through vines even when youve moved on from one thats snapped pool diving works inconsistently leamurs glitch everywhere or keep up with you even when you boost boost forcefields just dont work sometimes or cut out early
micheal marshal : an uncomparable experience on playing this game. though i loved alto's adventure, this game has better visuals than that. turned simple gameplay into extraordinary experience especially while using earphones. great work developers. i love playing this game.
evildwagon : breathtakingly this game is really beautiful and reminds me in the art style and choice of music and landscape so much of my most favourite game "journey". love playing it when i just want to chill. it really calms one down. keep up the good work!
pritish saraf : awesome game. free to play. i downloaded the game 3 days ago. initially, i found it hard to understand the gane and get jsed to the controls. but once you get to know the controls, the game is so much fun. even the sound and graphics are awesome.
keith hernandez : truly calming and zenful game i would recommend this game to anyone. the controls are simplistic and the graphics a amazing for not just my phone but i feel any phone. p.s. i would recommend headphones and to increase your brightness to see all of the amazing things while playing!
meiki : love the adventure i am having even though the game was a bit hard to play. i think it is an interesting game to play, doesnt have a lot of pop-up ads, you can play offline, and loovvee the aesthetic of the game.
melissa w : beyond a certain level the goals get too hard and whatever small moments of joy i have in accomplishing them is diminished by the terrible ads i need to see just to get back to the home page after crashing on a rock for the 25th time in a row.
alexander todorov : a great sequel to a great game. i sound like a bot, but i've already said what i like in alto's adventure and it applies to alto's odyssey as well, while this game being different enough to have both installed and play them on different occasions/ moods.
jonathan funk : beautiful one-button game. as you progress, new features and subtle or surprising improvements keep trickling in, providing an ongoing stream of delight to top off a solid and satisfying infinite runner core.
teddy mkhari : a beautiful game. as good ,if not better, as the first one. i would suggest players to try alto's adventures first. i wish we could sync progress between devices.
seph z : absolutely stunning game with a beautiful soundtrack. my only problem is that i'm so distracted by the gorgeous background that i keep driving into the rocks. but zen mode is perfect for me.
jeremy gray : this is a huge upgrade compared to the first in the series. amazingly good graphics and the gamplay is superb. possible idea for the next game: alto's alcove (this time they go rockriding in caves ;))
denchik slaziet : great game, great gameplay, easy controls. 3 start because it doesn't support notched screens. it means what in the notch area there is just a black bar.
chase murphy : love it. so beatiful and the music and the animations and... ugh! its almost perfect! but maybe add a low power mode, for those of us who have bad battery life.
javier jordan : the game is sometimes difficult to play in night time mode. the character is too dark to see when trying to land a jump and the rocks are hard to see also to jump over.
flyingkoifish : good ideas. but the sky glitched whenever i broke rocks. no new characters, but some new tricks that are pretty neat. but i couldn't always get over the ravines with the wall riding. good game but it didn't feel complete.
a google user : this sequal to altos adventure is really fun but i'm having issues with the frame rate that i dont get with the original. this makes it really hard to enjoy because of how studdery it is. i would give it 5 stars, but this completely ruined the experience.
shygos : a very well made game. this is the kind of game that is similar to plants vs zombies in simplicity, yet it's very fun to play especially in leisure time and the graphics is simple but awesome.
coral robinson : this is a very relaxing game. the music is so calming and i could play it for hours a day. the landscape is unique and beautiful and it is mostly smooth sailing. the only thing i would say is that sometimes there are a few glitches in the game but i rarley ever come across any. i think the creators did a oustanding job with this game and they should be proud.
carenna jones : was having fun until it started to glitch, slow down my phone kick me out of the app. now it's basically unplayable, uninstalled within 10 minutes, (hopefully a re-install will fix things) strangely, i've never had this problem with adventure., don't know why odyssey is so flawed...
alessandra sagun : this is the first time that i wrote a review of an app. i love this app! it feels like it's telling me that "no matter what happens, rain or shine just go on with your life and don't give up". it's like an endless battle that you need to continue without pressure and work with it on your own pace. hope that people discover this because it might help them to calm especially right now that pandemic is still happening. thumbs up for this app!!!
jille rosete : overall, the music and the visual's quite relaxing. i just wish the silhouette's are better in order to distinguish the obstructive objects that will make you trip.
akhil baiju : it's a great game that's been updated from the previous version, some more cool features. it is a mind easing game. the music itself gives a relaxation. great work by the team.
silas baker : just thought i would say that this is a great game, but all of the negative reviews posted recently say the same thing: game freezes on startup. i have also been having this issue, and this is a critical problem with the game that hasn't been fixed for 3+ weeks. hopefully the devs know about this. this is my favorite game, and i hope this is issue is addressed soon.
dylan bear : ads break the experience, there are already microtransactions and intrusive ads after every other run is just frustrating update ad completely broke game had to restart, wouldn't be surprised if the "wish" ad was malware. the devs are treating their consumers with disdain and contempt, the fact that buying the ad free version by its own admission doesn't remove ads i would suggest that people avoid this game and it's micro transactions
yaisj moesliman : quite litterally the best mobile game ive played so far the controls are easy to learn the game itself runs very smoothly and zen mode is a perfect way to relax when your stressed long story short if you need a good game to play i recommend this one bc i have had alot of fun with it hope this helps for the ppl wanting to try this game out.
ronit baidya : dynamic graphics, brilliant hues, mindfulness music play, never ending quest makes it one of the best game ever. graphics are so design that allow the players best viewing experience on the smartphone.
gagan basra : this game is the best time killer the sounds of the board on the snow sound so nice the controls are great and when you get the wing suit you can do so many combos it incredible you can still get alot of combos without the wing suit but the wing suit makes it in to a new experience same with the sand board this game is great and worth downloading
a google user : it's a pretty fun game but wow, there are so. many. ads. like, every third wipeout. i wind up just closing the game and coming back to it later because they're so annoying.
bryan james germones : very calm game ever i played! i love the music,sound effects, the graphics and the background effects is so calming! it makes me fall asleep easily! thank you to the developers! great game! this is the most adorable game i ever played! helping me to escape reality!
zhervo keann gonzaga : everything in this game is a masterpiece! it has a beautiful sound track that calms you down and whispers that everything is going to be alright. it has an astonishing art style that is really just aesthetically pleasing. gameplay is also so soothing and just purely amazing. this is probably the only franchise in the mobile app store that really gives you that feeling of tranquility no matter what you do. this game deserves alot more attention and i really just love everything about this game. thank you!
nathan t. : amazing offline game. it's fun and appealing. great especially during flights! i love that the ads aren't intrusive. i also love that the game makes you want to watch ads in order to keep going
tim eckert : like it very much, just like the one before that. one star reduced because the contrast in the night time is so low that it's really hard to play and not really fun anymore because you oversee rocks or wallrides... good job noodlecake!
ella strandberg : love this game. reminds me of the game journey. it's relaxing and fun, and has a mode that just lets you drift across the map without having to worry about hitting stones etc, just to enjoy the scenery.
marko dinic : screen freezes a lot. everything stops for one sec and next thing you see - you fell. also, after 20k meters or so, everything just disapears (like there is no more map) and you just fall. too bad, it's a fun game.
matt dickinson : the game itself is good. the video advertising is far too intrusive for it to be enjoyable. after every single lost life you have to watch a 30 second video. there is no option to pay to avoid these videos.
andrew bianchi : very relaxing game. ad aren't a big issue and only appear every couple times you lose. plus, removing them is super cheap. smooth graphics and great parallax. love it
bonnie mairead : i love this game! the music and graphics are really awesome, and very peaceful and enchanting. the game itself is full of wonder as at times it can be soothing but also a good challenge.
aasiyah h : i dont know what it is about this app but i live it so much. i can honestly say it is the best game i have ever played on a mobile. and i would love to have it on a bigger screen like an ipad but you have to pay on apple but it is definitely worth paying for. the music is a great touch as its so soothing. and i love the desert egypt themes its so beautiful.
tyler woodfin : the graphics are great, but the gameplay is very difficult, and alto is hard to see sometimes through rain or the environment, particularly when he's so small compared to the entire screen.
sub bassline : i want to say first that these last years when i change my phone to new one first thing that i do is download alto's adventure and alto's odyssey which are the best thing that ever happened to us in this kind of games ....it's relaxing and enjoyable at the same time playing this is so much fun...noodlecake studios thank you for this
maxim bogdan : great game. too bad for the ads. i played and after i finished a game it entered an ad " likegame" it activated something and i received an sms that informed me i have a subscription and it costs me 5 every week. i deactivated quick but it took my money. so i deleted the app
ice-t shorts : so this is actually a runner game. (like temple run) with an really cool items, graphics etc. really loved it. but my problem is this is not what i excepted i thought like some adventures game not just an running yet i am not disappointed that's why i give it a 4 star. finally, keep flying!
blueguy r : gameplay is does everything the original did, and better! not to mention the drop dead gorgeous graphics! real eye candy. i listen to the soundtrack on my own time too.
christabelle adrian : it was overall magical and relaxing.especially if you play in zen mode. i usually play this game when i'm stressed out the music and sounds as the journey goes on are amazing! graphics are great as well. good job! :3
bryan el medawar : great continuation based on the previous alto's adventures. since it's still new, it lags discretely from time to time however i'm sure these minor issues will be fixed later on through the coming updates! definitely a must download!
sedona b : beautiful to look at but the landing is ridiculous. gave me a headache to play because i couldn't stick a landing to save my life. you have to be perfectly parallel to the ground. maybe i just suck though. lol
issac : the best game that i played in my life , the music,the sound,the animations and so more its a recommended game and i would really love if u made alto 3 but the twist is its in the city , like modern alto with a skate board and etcetera .and again i loooove this game keep up!!
manel mijares : it was a fun experience playing this game. the scenery is just breath taking and you just have to continue playing just so you could witness change of scenery. hands down to the most asthetic game ever. this deserves a five star. soothing and relaxing. basic yet therapeutic.
jeffrey mcclain : fun and relaxing endless runner, i just wish there was a paid version of the app with no iap. i feel like being able to buy coins which can be used to make he game easier cheapens the experience.
emsi rosenius : gorgeous game and calming, well done soundtrack plus gameplay that will keep you engaged for a long time. the controls may be a bit slow on the response now and then but it doesn't hinder the gameplay a lot
abhishek sharma : game experience is quite good, easy to learn and play , also graphics and gui is nicly done. but it crashed few times when i was playing, not that frequently but like 1-2 times from 20 times
landen g : great game, i would recommend playing this, zen mode is chill as well. the lag at certain points of the game ruins the experiance, and most jumps even with high teir characters are impossible. still a great game though.
abani das : one of the best hyper casual games ever played but there are few issues which can be overlooked but the one issue that is bugging me is the music gets glitched whenever the player picks speed or get a power up and then it gets annoying
andrew karandjeff : update 6/14/20: i decided to give this another shot and was even more disappointed. it's nothing but an ad and money grab now. very much like the original only everything about the game has become monitization oriented. i also feel that the game has been setup to make you fail to increase ad consumption pretty much alto with sand. not enough compelling differences to make it worth the buy.
cameron holder : really like the game but the ads are too frequent and there's no ad free version as far as i can tell. i want to play more but it's too frustrating. nvm found the ad removal in the workshop.
bigboi4673 : it's an amazing game for it being free, sure it's a bit grindy, however it's good for people with anger issues there are not many adds and again it is free, with cool features and skins that actually differ, and a llama.
anastassia tavadze : i really love this game and it's very addictive. i adore the design and the music. the rocks you have to jump over are pretty annoying though. i often stumble over them just because i didn't see them. i would love if the game developers made them more visible.
anurag kale : absolutely beautiful game.in case, you're looking for a good game with good background music and beautiful scenario,then this is perfect game.there should be more characters in this game.overall,it never gets boring to play this game.& yeah,there should be some changes with the elder.because, sometimes, it's kinda hard to remain ahead of the elder.overall,very good game.
jason wall : excellent, beautiful graphics and stellar game play. not a money grab, you can collect coins or watch adds to get just as much as if you were paying money. highly recommended.
aparna chavan : the game design is just brilliant. the graphics, sounds, gameplay, everything is done just so beautifully. this is not a cash grab or a pay to win. very limited ads make it more enjoyable.
rohit burman : love everything about this game. there is just one problem; shorty after crossing 40,000m mark the game crashes and completed goals are reset. this happened twice. once at aroun 40k m and then at around 50k m. hopefully this will be fixed.
shrivaas kaushik : relaxing and polished but jump is delayed
a google user : behind the beautiful grafics is an a sheet gamplay, i'm sorry bat there's nothing behind this story that will make me playing this game. i'm so disappointed seeing the high ratings on it, like an illusion. to play it means mastering the game to me and there is no trase that you can do so.
anonymous patriot : overall, a really solid game. controls are great, the visuals are beautiful, and the sound design is spot on. this is a great, relaxing, beautiful time killer!
lucas bogo : this game is amazing, the gameplay is enjoyable and the art style and music is incredibl. i bought the double coins upgrade just to show my support for the devs. keep up the good work
ab manan : this is a fabulous game because of its unique environment, unique features and everything about this is unique.... and there is something mesmerising graphics something unusual effects such a unique and linear awesome game and i recommend to all gamers out there should play this..... i love it and the last thing thank you guys for creating this awesome mind blowing game.
pragatheesh b.sc., : it's my one of the best game for mind relaxations. i finished more achievements and i unlocked more characters.. but, it's reset my account. i can't go to my old account. what the server is this... but, still google play applications shows my completed achievements. i need a help for get my old account
vinu varghese : as good as the alto's adventure with better physics, graphics and story. there is also a major climate system. i love this game. recommending for all as this game has good and relaxing music.
james1 malonga : its a great game but you need to add some new features. like a store so you can buy some money for the game. you know its very hard to collect coins and also to skip some of the quest. thanks for the great game . please do this changes and maybe i'll give it a 5 * review. i have alto's adventure and it is also the same . i thought this one would be different.
anirban chakraborty : for me, this one is not about high scores and most tricks and points and such stuff. this is a game i love for the sake of playing and relaxing. soft colours, soothing music, no targets and nothing but only a thumb to play. love it on a sunday!
eric-kun? : this game is certainly fun, but its ads slows down the gameplay. my phone frozes for a moment while it loads the ad. i would give 5 stars if it wasn't for this issue.
river : i love this game so much because it is so peaceful and calm. the game really calms me down after a hard, stressful day. the soothing music and beautiful setting makes me so happy and makes my day. i'm not the kind of person who has loads of games and always goes on this phone, but when i am on my phone i love going on this game. i adore everything from the art style to the game modes and i would never delete this game
pardhu lucifer : it's really impressive for an endless runner game. everything from the materialistic style, dynamic time cycle to theatrical aural experience is simply wow. the zen mode is the perfect cherry on top of this cake.
pavol gazda : i'd say there are only handful of games for android as good as alto's series. nice graphics, music and gameplay. too bad those obnoxious video ads have to spoil whole experience.
bill wilson : there's some ad for an anime game that is impossible to close because it's cut off on the screen. the only way to get rid of the ad is to close the game and restart. and i've got the same ad 3 times today. probably going to uninstall. this is garbage.
sam stephens : i play this game to unwind. it's fun to beat the challenges in each level, but it's also fun to just glide through the desert in zen mode. beautiful music, beautiful artwork.
evan wood : i really want to rate 5 stars and i really liked altos adventure but my one thing is this game is just a reskin of the first. i love the soundtrack and think it's just a beautiful game but it really is just a desert version of the first. it's kind of a shame but i would still download and play it because it's a gorgeous and really enjoyable game.
troy lee : fun game, needs new content. i've completed all of the challenges, and maxed out all the special pickups. now there's just nothing new to accomplish, and that's unfortunate because this is such a great game. it just desperately needs some new content.
mehrius : the game's great, it's quite addictive and it has a beautiful art style. developer, please make it so you retain your wingsuit when reviving instead of losing it upon death.
s/v silverheels iii : game play is fun and addictive. however, i paid to not have pop up ads, but i am still getting them... easier to play on a tablet as the bigger screen makes it easier to see the rocks and other things.
shawna bursten : i really love this game i've been playing this one and alto's other game for a few years now. they are very soothing to look at and listen to and the controls are very fun while still being challenging and building upon itself. i hope to see many other games by these creators.
arien van stralen : some of thr gaps are a bit punishing and the ads are a tad aggressive but it's a gorgeous follow up game and improves it in almost every way. it's basically "journey" in 2d which is a good thing.
bem bem : wonderful game. these sorts of games are usually uninstalled in an hour, but this is better then any game of this type i played. the backgrounds are stunning, and the characters are really well designed. would recommend 100%!
justin mcclendon : excellent game. great gameplay and art style. the only problem is that there is not many new characters and most are from altos adventure. not a big deal, still a great game
suman ram : although the game is good. i'm bombarded with ads after every play.. it's really pathetic. j would rather uninstall this app than go through that torture repeatedly. i understand that you guys want to give ads.. there is a limit to everything. this is so far the worst ads i got in a game. kindly fix that, it would driver away most people from playing this game. i gave this review after such consideration.
thomas shaw : absolutely stunning time waster. can play for hours and there are no major in app purchases. there is not much progression to the game but it is immersive and addictive. perfect game.
obi valentine : i love this game. the music, the waterfalls, the birds, zen mode. this game is the definition of simplification is the best form of sophistication.
alan hart : this game and the first in the series have suddenly just stopped working. both freeze after a few second and either hang or crash completely. i've tried re-installing to no effect.
caio cesar : when i first downloaded the game there was no ads on it, it was so perfect. now if you die twice you get a ad, it's soo annoying. but it's a great game.
chirag : i downloaded the game and i signed in using the account that i used to play with. and in the achievements, it lists my progress but none of it is being reflected in the game. all the players are locked. and it's like starting new and idk why that's happening. i've tried restarting app a few times and i've tried signing in a few times.
naira hamdy : i can write poetry about this game. actually, this game is poetry, in a way. all i can do with limited words is thank this amazing team for creating such a masterpiece. also, thank you for zen mode, very thoughtful of you. this game embodies art and beauty, and god knows every word comes from the bottom of my heart. it is hands down the only game i wouldn't dare delete no matter how much space my phone needs :)
adarsh johnson : if you've ever dreamed of a game where the background music would go with what's happening on the screen, then this app is the utopia for you. you can play zen mode for hours and hours and get yourself relaxed in hard times. they have really focused on music in this app.
reagan bynum : a really fun, addictive, and relaxing game. tricks really feel rewarding, especially in chains. the art style is vert simple, but in the best way possible.
aniah reed : i just love it and it gets time consuming only thing is i wish it where a bit easier to get coins
alexander perseus : the gameplay is a lot of fun and i love how fluid the mechanics are. the music is serene and i like how on some runs the music cuts out and you just hear the sounds of the environment.
yasin tayeb na'imi : amazing. the gameplay is so good. add this to good graphics of the game and combination of sounds and good music. these factors brings you one of the best experiences in mobile gaming ever. i strongly suggest everyone to give it a try.
brian luna : the character size is too small its hard to follow. it should have been 3x larger or an option to increase the character size is a good feature. some people don't have good eye sight this should have been considered in making the game.
emmanuel : the game has been exciting and very relaxing with beautiful graphic design and spot on control,the only reason this isn't getting 5 star is the annoying pop up ads, some time i just have to switch of my data connection just to enjoy the game but other than that this is a very cool game
prasoon bhan singh : best offline game to be installed as it refreshes your mind and day with its pleasant graphics and music with sound. i prefer you to install it as it is filled with so many interesting adventures with 108 objectives. its control is very good with graphics and gameplay
ian manning : a fantastic sequel to the original alto's adventure. the music, graphics, and simplistic controls make playing a thoroughly enjoyable experience.
hollipop : i never get tired of playing alto! the sick visuals are a treat. not to mention the collectables. i'd recommend this to anyone looking for a simple yet challenging game.
jack harrison : if you liked the first game, you'll like this one. too similar to the first to give 5 stars, but that's the only reason. update 1-18-20: game crashes on startup every time, making it unplayable. 4 starts after fix.
a google user : this is the best of the best indie have. the music is so relaxing and it's the best soundtrack. really awesome time-killer and personally my most favourite game. normally u get bored of a have fast, but this game makes sure that keeps getting better and better. really simple and awesome concept
what am i doing ?? : it is a beautiful and well made game! stunning graphics, simple and fun gameplay, and not littered with ads or at all a feeling that you have to spend money to unlock everything!
luis oliveira : i was about to come here and give this game one star because of the annoying videos and because you can't get rid of them for good even if you pay to have a premium version of the game. but then i found the zen, endless mode, which deserves two, maybe three stars.
bhavya bhardwaj : the game is not only interesting but its so calm even without any music . adding the music it makes me calm and sends me into another realm like, you know when you are away from all the life problems and just chilling . whenever i am raged up, this game helps me forget all and relaxed . i will highly recommend everyone to play this at least once a day to feel better.
semiu hodza : it's brilliant, polished, and surprising. fun and addictive to play as well as being very aesthetically pleasing. the overall appeal to this game is through the roof. very well done to the developers. you should try your hand at making a console game, i feel like you would make a great game.
j t : beautiful graphics, but there's a big bug! i can't play the game at all because the taps don't work in the game, except for the first jump in the tutorial. i can't do any subsequent jumping or jump on the balloon line to move on to the next part of the tutorial. please fix it!
mohamed mansour : by far the best relaxing game you can play for hours even days without getting bored or stuck at any level because you just keep sliding down and down and in this game which is the updated version of alto pass lakes and waterfalls and walls to grind over so it is simply the best just the best game to relax and release stress
felicia luo : gorgeous. the game itself is amazing, and there's a "zen mode" for if you want to just see the desert landscape. the music fits perfectly, and the scenery is beautiful! much recommended.
anonymous internet user : this game is an experience to say the least. from the absolutely gorgeous background to the immersive soundtrack, there is no better game in my opinion to a long internet free long ride.
saracen govender : this game feels truly alive compared to the last one. the graphics and controls are just astounding given the simplicity and unique design. highly recommended 101%
kenzie : i never thought i could find a game i loved more than alto's adventure until i found this. everything about this game is beautiful and i love absolutely everything about it. the only downside is that at night you can't tell the difference between the plants and rocks, but other than that, amazing game. i love it!
mike em : a great game. graphics, gameplay and sound, everything adds up. accept the ads (after like every 2nd run, very fair) or pay for it. it's worth it.
kumud : this is one the best games i have ever played. it's relaxing and improves our control skills alongside. it's minimalistic art is what pulls me towards it. great job
logan jackson : if this game could be rated 10 stars then thats what i would rate it. the graphics are good and so is the gameplay. the only thing that was a little bad are the controls. but the best part of the game is when you get to play zen mode. it's just so peaceful.
kyle cross : the game is fun and high quality just like the previous one. lost one start because the audio is very crackly. i've tried 2 pairs of headphones and same crackly noice. no other game or song does this to my phone.
sriharsh bhyravajjula : such a beautiful game. you'd think it can't get better than alto 1, but they went a step ahead with the graphics and the audio. the only complaint i'd have is that they tried to do too much. simplicity is your forte, please don't deviate from it.
austin bekken : the ads have gotten so shady and persistent in this game. i started playing the original as a soothing way to pass the time. now you can't restart without accidentally opening the app store in game.
panda26 : back when i played altos adventure the only gripe i had was i couldn't get this on ps4, the same stunning graphics and art style is back but with a new colour scheme going on and the new mechanics work like a dream, such a simple game but such a good one
wood-lee : love this game but after getting a new phone and signing in it hasn't saved my progress, even though i completed it, same happened before on a previous phone and altos adventure but i have saved for neither.. but i'm still guna play it cause i love it so much. still gutted though.
tondo px : extremely visualy pleasing, but as a game utterly frustrating. something with such soothing looks and music should be easy to play, it kind of breaks the spell and charm when you constantly trip on rocks you didnt see. maybe you learn to spot those things after 100 hours of playing, idk. im not willing to find out.
alen : very, very relaxing but yet interesting game with a lot of depth. best part- it's offline, so u can just put your headphones on when going to work/school and blast background chill music while playing the game. i love it
giovanni mellisa soesanto : the highlight would be the graphic and zen mode. however, it becomes repetitive over time and stressful as the great chasm is difficult to overcome.
justin floyd : this game is beautiful. but that's where the positives end. it is boring! all you do is backflip. no other moves besides a wing suit 10 hours into the game after backflipping 3 billion times.
princess chloe : this is the most fun game i've played!!!! the game is really chill, but also a bit challenging, all ages can play too. i used play this game on the road, on my couch, or anywhere else... why i got rid of this game is i run off of space on my phone lol... but another then that, i really like it, you should if it a try, if your looking for a chill game!!!
mike katupisa : it needs more better graphics,landscape,a mode where u rival against others characters,an awesome storyline with an open world included switching the ways of view things like 3d and an breathtaking sunset and beautiful horizon please i hope you get this oh and new places
chidozie zulu : i'm giving this game 5stars cause it deserves it, i'd give it 6 if i could, the art work in the game is so simple but frankly quit beautiful and aesthetic i love the audio so relaxing and a great game to get stuck into and waste a couple of hours, i honestly have no complaints good job keep it up and have a great day everyone
zach harney : it's comparable to the original with a couple tweaks which make the game a little bit better. i don't like how when you fall you have to watch a video to get back up that gets super annoying after a while.
tanuki on wheels : good game, played it on apple... but whenever i open it here it just shows black screen):
prashant bhujbal : one must experience the beauty of this virtual world. 3 most lovely things: background music, background changing environment and most beautiful is that bird which flies along with us amazing work, hats off to the song/audio effect/music team
max rycovsky : beautiful new landscapes and music, some new mechanics and cute sounds and animations of animals. the second alto's is even more perfect, than the first. well done devs.
d s : game doesnt respond at times, so the wallride mechanic made this unplayable past that point. tells me to press and hold and i do, but all he does is launch a backflip instead of grinding the wall. no fun to keep failing based on a bad/buggy mechanic. plus an ad runs immediately, many of them have no option to close or advance after the ad plays so i have to close the game entirely and restart it completely. might as well uninstall.
eisa suleman khatri : man i love this game too too much, i literally downloaded it 30 minutes ago, and man am i impressed, if you don't like runners then lemme tell you, this is not like others, wayyy different. i was in zen mode to relax, and i found myself smiling, really i did. the zen mode you should do if you are stressed or wanna have peace and relax. the graphics are also amazing. even playing on normal mode is relaxing, just not as relaxing as zen mode. this game is phenomenal, recommend it!
e the vagabond : it's not as good as the first game, and the amount of ads in the free version almost makes me want to delete it rather than pay for it. but some of the changes are nice and the visuals are still on point.
brian philip : the overall feel is great. the aesthetic, the music and controls are on point. relaxing, yet addictive. the bugs are somewhat annoying though
arnav parihar : it's a really awesome game , particularly relaxing . i haven't given 5 stars because some levels had got serious issues. for eg score points while lemur chasing in one run , you are freaking kidding me . how i am supposed to do something that hard in one run only .
jason holland : fun, relaxing and yet keeps you on your toes...and also really beautiful. definitely one of the better games being offered for free. only complaint is ad after every mistake.
skpacman : the graphics are pretty and the gameplay is amazing but the graphics are so heavy, it's bogging down my moto z. the framerate starts out pretty good but quickly dips down to 10fps or less in game.
matthew hahn : for some reason, the character will never jump when tap except on the first step of the tutorial. i can't get past the third part of the tutorial as result.
ryan riddle : i know it's ad supported, but after the tutorial levels it ramps up to a double ads every three minutes or so. more or less unplayable unless you pay to remove ads. i can't stand paid games masquerading as free games.
some dude : fantastic game, and one of the best in-game-experiences you can get. two tipps: always play with music on and never use external antialiasing apps. i tried that, but i warn you, it makes the game very glitchy
miles huglin : the first alto game has always been my favourite app, but this one goes above and beyond. the same smooth, relaxing and enjoyable gameplay but with fun additions and interesting changes of pace. just a fantastic work of art.
nigel nightingale : the game itself is beautiful and the optional extras can be earned if you prefer not to buy. the reason for the three stars is the adverts. they are among the most inappropriate i have encountered for any game. they includes morning after pills and tinder. you can report them as inappropriate but by then my children have already seen them. it's a shame since this game is enjoyable for any age.
andhika rahmanu : sometimes, i can't launch the game. this bug makes me mad. when i want to play, i can't launch the game. it's just loading screen for ever! but the gameplay is great.. calming graphics to chill out please fix. my device is samsung j7 2016 (sm-j710fn)
a google user : i am new to this sort of game, i find it funny when i crash into rocks, cliffs. i know you need money for the game, but it would be nice to have an unlock feature on the characters not all of them. i am female and love a female character. love the game, music and art x
zeynep pilevneli : this is such a gorgeous game, the atmosphere and the vibe it gives you is stunning but my main issue is, as an s10 user there's a thick black notch line on the where camera cutout should be. to be honest it's a bummer that not being able use the wide screen at it's fullest, especially with such a beautiful game
tsvetan tsonev : so many non interruptable ads... it's a nice game, but that's a no for me anymore.
cuix : for a game this simple, tight controls are critical, and this game has some astonishingly wonky input detection which pretty well stymies most of its potential fun. the extremely buggy ads don't help matters.
od dzie : game is fun but night mode sucks. if you're playing anytime other than at night and in bed with no lights on, night mode is not going to be fun at all ever. you can't see anything on the screen. the music and sound effects are great but the fact that you can't see anything on the screen just ruins the game.
ravish krishna : this is the only place on playstore, where someone has given more emphasis on the individual's experience towards a more restful place. no frequent pop ups, just a relaxing experience.
alec gametime : i play games silently, but damn the looks are great, nighttime really makes this a challenge tho. one problem: the damn economy is so slooooow. i get that it's to not rush things, but i earned a total of 3k coins and i'm already at level 15.
benjamin rathbone : really good relaxing game with beautifully designed background and scenery perfect for popping on to wipe out a bit of stress, only down one star as on tablet games a tad glitchy and slow but one phone no issues. great game.
wai cheang : really fun and well made game. great art, music and gameplay. best of all, it's not pay to win. there are some paid options but they're entirely optional.
aditian kalta : relaxing and low-key challenging. the music is a bliss to listen to. each avatar has own potential and it's a different experience with each one. great game guys.
sean sorensen : tried downloading and reinstalling the game 20 - 30 times. game crashes right after i gather the coins in the tutorial. screen freezes and the sound becomes a buzz. have restarted the samsung galaxy s20+ 5g many times, updated the phone a couple of times. love alto's adventure and would like to play this one. tried contacting customer support and received no response besides an automatic email.
hammad naeem : wonderful graphics and controls, different game that brings you something new, best for casual players. pop up ads are annoying. still recommended.
keene taropafadzwa : now this game right here must be given an award. it's one of the best most relaxing games i've ever played before, and all myself do like games... lots of them, but this game is the best. the music, game play..."controls" is awesome... well technically this game doesn't actually have controls but that's what makes it the best!!! i'd give it 10stars if i could!!! and i'd like to see if the 3rd game of alto would be created...coz i'd like that...and everyone would too. i love this game!!!
pavan kumar : love this game it takes me to another world, the game is getting more interesting by every level, the ambient sounds and music is very pleasant but ads in between the game ruins the experience, please remove the ads, apart from that this game a paradise
cosa mallender : i love it! all the tricks u do make you feel like a beast! but i do have one problem. paz is utterly useless. he weighs to much to do many tricks and the speed given really doesn't help. but i guess it's not a huge problem.
a google user : it's one of the best games i have ever played. it has amazing graphics and levels. and most of all, i like the zen mode where you can enjoy the game's soothing music.
alex rodriguez : fun, beautiful and soothing. once you finish everything there's not much else to do though. i enjoyed it very much. i love the music in 7/8, the sounds are impeccable.
vanilla head : this game is cute and has good music, but it's also biased! they can control the map of the game so... you win if the developer wants you to, so i can't complete missions properly.
rufern : this game is pretty good. it really doesn't pull any special gimmicks on you. the very simple gameplay and excellent soundtrack, along with the great sfx, all make up for a very calming and enjoyable experience.
j.m dreamer : i was gonna rate it 5 stars... but your game is going glitchy! your sun fluctuates whenever i crash or hit a rock. the music is going glitchy too which ruins the feeling of being relaxed.. please fix it! i really really love your games!!
j l : if you are looking for a beautiful, relaxing game, this one is for you. it is even better than the first alto game, which is saying something. as others mentioned, there are ads, but if you use an adblocker you can bypass them completely.
axel duhart : great during the first tries but suddenly adds started appearing every single time and becomes unplayable.. what a way to destroy a good game, adds should be kept optional. uninstalling now! :(
a google user : there are not many games today which aren't made just to make money. this game is. the developers actually try and make this game better without sticking in tonnes of ads. it is a great sequel to altos adventure and is simply relaxing and fun. there are honestly no issues with this game. thanks guys
k.m. rahat : well, this is the first game i am rating absolutely from heart. thank you for making the visuals so amazing. and thank you for keeping the zen mood that took me somewhere else. excellent music and the overall experience. well done.
kreeslak inori : rocks look like damn trees in silouette when ilumination changes. pause button is on bottom left corner, the only place where your finger wont block your view and best place to press jump. revive timer isn't a cool move.
v s : i would have paid for this game, but what i won't do is deal with video ads which pop up whether or not i agree to watch one for a boost, and which i have to close twice every time. uninstalling.
emma bradshaw : wayyy to many long ads! i already think the game incorporates ads well with the revive option but the longer i've played the game the more ads have over taken it. unskippable long ads between playing the game make it boring and dull.
ishaan ayn123 : brilliant game. everything from the soundtrack, looks, gameplay, progression, characters and just the concept alone is brilliant. this needs to be recognised more, keep it up.
emma ford : i truly like this game but, there are so many adds it's impossible to play the game. so i'm giving it two stars.
robert po : it is an amazing game, but frustrating how videos are always unavailable whenever you wish to revive a player. you're willing to watch the cheesy ads but it makes it difficult to them.
chase harmony : the best moblile game ever!!!!! it takes a while to leaen the controls, but once you get it, it is really simple. also music is so cinematic i love it.
kristina mcdaid : couldn't even get past the tutorial. having never played a similar game i didn't find the controls intuitive. if you're asking me to "speed up" across the chasm explain how to do that first!
shenghei kyut : i just downloaded this awhile ago. its really relaxing, however, i dont think the music fits in the relaxation it brings. maybe if its music is just like alto's adventure, it will really going to be great.
angelica avendano guzman : i really like the game, the unique problem i find is when the weather makes the landscape is dark because i can't see my inclination and i fall. if you can fix it, i'll be so thankful.
anukul lakhua : the audio needs to be optimised. it's bugged in a way that audio cuts off and music makes the game more immersive. please fix this. i love this game.
neil parrish : theres a lot of things to see in this game, really. i also said in my last review that this game has a difficult time running, its almost impossible to go 20000m with the best character, just because it cant run fast. im pretty sure ive died more from glitches than actually crashing. and after deleting half of my review going back to that last sentence, a game legitimatley needs work if i cant even write a full review about it's negatives. 5 stars would be running smoothly, and no glitches.
buddhinath hangawatta : love the style of graphics, sounds and the game play. zen mode is an absolutely soothing experience! ads are there but not disturbing. simple. beautiful.
macncheese : this game is great, it's so beautiful. although it doesn't have llamas like altos adventure it is still so much fun. this game has all the same characters and controls, but it has hot air balloons, temples and a bird that is called the bird of paradise who follows you. all in all this game is beautiful and amazing.
mister murphy : edit, after playing it for a while, this game offers glorious visuals and simple, yet intuitive gameplay great to keep you on your feet. great game.
marco darian : better than alto's adventure,but there is still tons of bugs,for example,wall rides make no sense and sometimes useless,when using paz,instead of getting boost normally,you will get boosted to the air really fast.
kaila g : i used this game as a sanctuary. it was calming and helped with my anxiety. it was good about a year ago. then ads came like crazy and it wasn't worth the game play anymore. great visuals though.
brad reid : this is a work of art!! the game becomes so addictive once the wingsuit is unlocked. the ads can be annoying, but it's cheap to remove them.
noah bobpolls : this is truly the best mobile game ever it has an amazing soundtrack that can amaze you even on your 100th run it has great gameplay with the best visuals and animation it has cool characters that all have different play styles that you have to adapt to and it is definitely the best game you can get on the play store 8.5 /10 would highly recommend
prithvi kadam : amazing immersive experience... the music, the background, everything.. my only concern is that it doesn't improve or change a lot from the altos adventure game....but i'm still gonna give us it 5 stars cause its amazing
antony stark : i would definitely give this game 5 star , but i have a problem with this game after re-installing ,i lost all my game progress . i really hope the developers will add this save game play progess feature in this game , rest this game is the best and the best part i found out was its background scenes and the background song . i really love this game
it'll_be_owlright : a worthy sequel to alto's adventure. didn't think it could get any better than the previous game. but you guys surprised us with such a great game. good work! gorgeous graphics, exciting gameplay, and (of course) the beautiful music.
rachel g : this game is absolutely beautiful !! been playing for a couple years now and finally decided to leave a review :) has helped me fall asleep many times + is very addicting ! great to play while listening to podcasts too !!
sajinth sakthitharan : this feels more like a very big update, not a game. here are some things that might improve it. more. biomes. also. more. biomes. oh and don't forget. more. biomes. seriously, this game most be called alto's oddesy for a reason. here are some examples- a savannah biome , a mediterranean biome, a taiga biome and maybe a town. maybe a "landmark " feature would be good, where you could discover a pyramid in the desert or a huge mountain in the canyons. plus you could at nothern lights in the snowy biome at night! and maybe (i am running out of connectives) seasonal changes as well. i know i ve wrote a lot, but i really think this can be a much, much better game very with some improvements.
eduardo sousa : im not realy a guy that writes revies cause in overwall games for me all get borrying or just the same but alto's odyssey is just amazing. the combinations it the grafics and music are just perfect the new biomes are awesome and it a lot of new trick i realy love it. but i got a suggestion maybe a littel gredy but you could add a new charracter to the game and one more biome that would crete a perfect diversity and maybe lvl to charcters like they gain a new unice abilty it unic missions.thanks
sphamandla khayelihle : it's very rare to have such great game, the graphics and gameplay are just phenomenal. i don't even wanna talk about the background music, it's insanely perfect for playing the game. noodle cake
darin hoover : fun! while ads are annoying and forced, they're not consistent so you can sometimes play a few rounds without having to watch one.
kennosuke : this is one of the best offline games on google i have played twice before and the music and scenery are always gorgeos there are times that touches bug a little but that is probably my device. so in short a really good game and one of the best in offline runners
joshua kalule : ads are so annoying! since when do ads crush a game? once it loads and doesn't finish, say bye to your progress for that run, cause you shall have to force close it to play again yet even when you decide to ignore them they still pop up and crush your game!!
s. : the scenery & ambience of this lil game are immensely beautiful. it's such a tranquil place, & yet it isn't stressful or frustrating in any way. it's a wonderful game & honestly the in-app purchases aren't that expensive either, which is rare as hell for these kinds of games. i love it & i'd recommend it to anyone
poke man : alto's adventure was a great game with a simple but beautiful style and alto's odyssey is no exception. the new mechanics and colors are amazing without trying to be anything it's not. great game
thiago farias : screw this game. what's the point of signing into your google account if it doesn't even save your progress. i uninstalled the game by accident and when i reinstalled it, all my progress was lost. never wasting my time on your game or company. how stupid do you have to be to make it so that it doesn't save your f***in progress
anwar nuseibeh : used to be amazing but now full of ads. and ads that when you close, give you another screen of advertising though you have clicked the x to quit. also easier to crash now meaning more ads. you have lost a fan.
lenny crockett : almost achieves the "tiny wing" feel of hitting slopes with a relaxing atmosphere, but is held back by the terrible rogue like programming. in fact the programming of placing a rock on a ramp just seems like a money grab to get me to watch an advert. deleted the app, sticking with dragon, fly!
bivash majumder : may be this has a better gfx, but tutorial is very bad while jumping chasm.. prequel was far better and anyone would be ready to play again.. but i must say, i'm disappointed with the control .. installed twice, hoping there might be a bug, but nope.. permanently uninstalled..
ldrik : alot of potential but half the time the controls are unresponsive and some of the ramps will not load in causing me to fall of the map. all around this game is mediocre.
nettle petals : great game, and beautiful too. it's gone way more glitchy since the update though.
prakhar nautiyal : i just love this game. i have been playing it for 3 years and i bet you will never get bored with this. the locations are magnificent and the controls are smooth. but the thing that really stands out is the music. love the zen mode too.
jason tweed : one of the best games i've ever played. beautifully crafted and simple in concept but very challenging overall. this is the sequel to alto's adventure, another top five of all time.
fabjola babaj : this game is so relaxing, the music puts a comfortable ambience, and i love that somehow you will always discover new places or anything. also i'm glad there's the zen mode, that way you can practice or just relax.
zacharia hicks : ski safari did it better and ski safari 2 is even greater. with the beautiful scenery and art direction, you could have something amazing but the previously mentioned games scratch the itch better as of now. if the dev's have any faith in this game and want to make something amazing, they can. just keep it up.
michael silverman : it is really fun, but there is a problem. it ran fine for about a week, but now low framerate and frequent crashes. i was about level 16 when this started. galaxy s5.
dominic : marvelous! one of the few good games i've enjoyed in a while. the music performance was good and moreover the graphics were wooondderful. really enjoyed it .
