the kor : not to complicated. good quality game. with easy and difficult levels.
milk : this game is amazing and i love it.it has a very nice vibe to it i wonder what happened to badland2 anyone remember it?if you can bring back the game it would be appreciated
evelina sabaliauskaite : love the game, uninstalled because of the ads... up to five in just three minutes...
gold lime : exceptional experience, real and good fun, definitely worth the price. a few minutes of joy with friends and family is priceless
cheryl bryant : it's very entertaining and all, but the ads get on my nerves! honestly!!!
david nagato : used to be an amazing game. now it's just a cash cow ridden with ads and paywalls.
deedee cope : love it. boy it makes me laugh and same times i want to launch my tab . perfect lol
xalchell : absolute trash can, you can only play like 20 levels out of 400 and then the rest you have to pay nearly five dollars...
justino castro : i used to play this all the time with family and we loved playing it. over all the game is perfect and awesome.
shadrow : i really like this game, it had so many ways to be the best like theres a lot of strategizing involved, that being said it's really good overall good job
zero two but use blade : this game is really quite and calming .don get me wrong from this game good.but is a cute game.you can play a family or friends on this game and this game such a good .when be play about me to this game.is still good.im was play solo.im try this game was amazing art and the little bad was quite cute.5 star challeging form me:)
barry knight : i love this game. me and my brother were on youtube until i found this.there is no need for so many ads!!!!
tovah smith : tooooo many ads. i cant enjoy this game without being asked to pay after every level.
dennis goh : play a game, lose a match, had to watch ads forcefully....ads with 30 seconds without skip
nick brown : awesome game. so much thought put in and all so simple to control but yet so imaginative.
tara crowley : when you pay to remove ads, it actually removes all ads. kudos.
carpet carpet : i played this a long time ago and i install it again.but i'm not satisfied with this new updates.old one is better than this.but still luv to paly.it can make my heart beats faster...
lucid : it has amazing graphics. i need badaland 2 3 4 5 6 etc . i am waiting for more levels nd graphics
shafwan jahin : simple stunning graphics, simple stunning controls, simply perfect gameplay
jorma : this is a really good game!!!!! but i agree that there's too often ads in the game
jeleia ignacio mayoralgo : too many traps. stuck at the lasts level. only the developer can win this game.
aisha abdifatah : its a realy hood game
evil eye : i loved this game a lot... it's a single player and single finger game but this game is just unbelievable... everyone must try this game....
[adk] : the most family friendly game even with so many deaths involved. forever best game~
soul looters : badland is very nice game i recommend you also download this game and play this game graphics is insane and the controls are pretty challenging
chris k. : creative and clever level design. simple fun with beautiful visuals and rich atmosphere
frank dempsey : pretty good game, smooth game play, awesome graphics, but way, way too many 30second ads
ed the red : graphics are great. game play is great. ads happen way too often
alp oran : nice gameplay but the game is unplayable because of excessive amount of ads.
travis lutz : love this game.. frustrating as hell, but love it for it..
abhijit duary : there are too many add while playing the game. overall game experience is good but adds ruin it totally
seth nawrot : there are to many ads in this game, its either watch all these ads or buy our premuim, you dont want our premium? well watch these ads then.
jessica eichman : there's like 4 levels unless you upgrade to premium sucks and was a waste of time
a google user : the best game ever!!! i like it but can you add the "multi player bluetooth" mode?????
jolietoile campos : i love this game it is so fun but the ads always annoy me. i really recommend it
c gough : im not one to criticize ads but seriously at least let me exit out, if the ads are gonna be that frequent let people exit out. please fix it
crazycadet 13 : this game is amazing. i had it a while back on my old phone and the atmosphere along with just a fun game makes this overall great
dec_ves : i just gotta say it's amazing like the ads are kinda annoying but everything is so cool!
eduard alagenio : bro this is the best but can u add a tutorial in create level please becuase i dont know whats the joint,triggers,sounds,and more please add it
larry francis : maybe i'm missing something but with no controller it doesn't play well. also it was a bit boring.
siddhant a. lokhande : i am so glad that i already played and finished this game years ago when these people were not greedy for money..... your ads suck.
#big heart : osam i like this game so much ..its a very good game i had ever plaid .... thanku thos who made this game.. the graphic was so beautyfull and i like the beautyfull back ground sound ...
chaldonc goodison : one of the best two players i've ever played good control and graphics
ar al : full of lag and bug , specially on lazers. my phone is galaxy s10 it doesnt have any problem but on this game my phone get freezed o dont know whats the probleb but i hope they fix it beacause its great game.
teng vang : too much ads and you can't even skip them
astitav sharma : you can not get any achievements on google play games unless you are connected to internet! and when you are connected to the internet badland becomes ad-land!
darlene budzinski : it is vary fun and i like how you can make your own and over all it is a good game.
mr stinky : this game is a great to an ok game, but there are way to many adds like very level there is a 30 sec ad
ngurliana sailo : this is my childhood. game soo i want it too try again and it was still fun as always
tori p : ads!! if there wasnt ads so often it would be perfect.
boi boi : too much ads every time i die there's a 15 second ad and i'm not that good so its annoying
joshua ramirez : amazing game. love the graphics, gameplay, and aesthetic.
noah dean : this is a really good game for offline 3rd person players i'm more of a first person players but i got addicted to this game really fast 5 star
fsp gang s' yt : this game is worth the size of 100+ mb its feel veary good whike playing it, and i'm running on 833.3mb ram tablet and its amazing, keep the work up creators!
logan root : i like it i just wish that u didint have to pay to have more levels
sadhana ranjane : brilliant nice very hard for everyone but if you try this game then you feel like the game is easy, so try it
swapna chai : best game ever...too hard,but too good... just wonderful... i installed 6-7 games but i didn't like them...but i am really impressed by this game...superb...
fettucini g : a very good game but too much ads but it is a very good game after all it is the free version
selam tegene : best game i've ever had in my whole life the graphics is so amazing!!!!!
yet1monster : i only played for 5 minutes cuz theres were too many ads. its simple and if youre into that kinda thing yeah this is good
dawn_of_dayz : just takes me to a black screen where i can't do anything but listen to the main menu music
ekundayo samuel : a great game seriously, buh it become more harder when attaining high level that it is even impossible to play
a google user : i absolutely love it, as well as me and my brother can play it together and we are always having so much fun and laugh!
amrita vashistha : there are some levels which are super hard and most are just super easy
rajeswari muralimohan : this game is amazing great graphics,levels and really fun to play keep up the good work
morisa courser : addicting enough to were i had to buy it to get rid of the ridiculous amount of ads
jasmine guthrie : i love this game so much the quality is amazing and the levels get harder and harder i play this game every day and never get bored! great jod developer it is amazing
jezavel centero : it's a nice game. but don't like the theme of the game. in a dark forest! black background! it's so boring!
dilip sunchu : is it a game or what .. so many ads... we can't play continuously without getting unskippable ads
sandor simon : perfect couch multiplayer game, with support of multiple controller on a single phone.
azwan gaban : game was nice... but suck with popup ads for upgrade this game around 30second when u died or go to next level...
jay solorio : i gave it 5 stars 2 years ago and 5 more today this is a very well made game, and the sound is even better with headphones. (10 stars)
john wick : this is a very good game if you considering to buy the full game you should.
just ismart : unique and very interesting game + challenging
kailash jha : i like the game very much,the smootheness of graphics is superb.keep going developers.
nathan blake : this game is exceptional it's simple calm and relaxing it's a distressor and a anxiety releaser.
abhishek gaonkar : addictive game if you have been a fan of classic flappy bird. this feels like flappy bird 50.0
caleb cohee : i really like the forest and the adventure in the game in the unknown creatures it really brings out the name of the game badland
spherical cheese : the game doesn't reward players for "grinding" if you will. you can unlock eternal day by either paying for premium, or getting 750 clones. i worked my way to 750 clones only to find that i can't play the levels in eternal day. i only have eternal day unlocked...
perfect cell : this game is great i can get frustrated at times but once you beat it then you just have to move on to the next
mike k : badland was an amazing experience. me and my so have spent many days playing this fantastic game in co op on our nvidia shield
shyam das : it is very very hard game super game i only completed day one it should be game of the year and it is not like pubg it's multiple super
brook : cool,but u need to pay for playing other days,and u cant play multiplayer or world levels because of that ads
slade da name : this is one of the first mobile games i've ever played, and it still holds up years later. definitely earned my money
adriza chanda : it's a good game. but only one problem- too many ads and it's really annoying.
patrick farrell : when will frogmind make a badlands 2? sure was a great game. i come back here, every so often to check.
quick fix and chill : lost tons of progress randomly this is super annoying
fearless leader : great great game!! if you want to watch tons of advertising all day!
music fan : four long adds between each lvl, would have been a good game but completely ruined by adds
thernb : ah, the nostalgia. this game is still very fun to play with friends.
morticia mourning : i am a creator in this game and i made the level that you might know as "blacker blizzard" i enjoy the game. i like creating levels for other players to play. edit: good job on adding music into the game edit: @don r same
gana natha : wonderful game.nice graphics.simple controls.soothing background music great experience.
lea cutaya : i love the controls, its veru simple and fluid. weldone developers plus its beauitful.
zita spacegirl : this game is great, it's very soothing and the art is great, i'd recommend it to anyone~
devonplays : its got a really good indie atmosphere and its just relaxing game. good job.
jarod vitorino : don't waste your time with the free version all you do is get spammed with ads every 20 seconds greedy bastards
amazon dog : actually this game is wow, but i dont like that we need to buy something to get all levels, i do day1 and im not stopping!
niv : greedy app builder have created an awesome game but adds adds adds adds... what's wrong with you ...stop being so greedy though an awesome game
chetna : i love this game but i rate it 4 star because there are a lots of adds. this is best game for upto 4 players but because of unlimited adds this game become 4 star from me
milana zainudeen : it a great game the visual the gameplay all great if you haven't already played this game yet what are you doing go play it sure there premium but it worth it
tj ruggles : like it's a good game but like it's incredebly hard and there are like way to many ads.
sara cantika : i love this game so much im so obsessed with it you can do multiplayer and single player!
logan hicks : i wanted to play a level and it keep wanting me to buy something so i pushed no it mad me watch a add and the made me watch and more the worst game ever
emily wolffz50 : i love this game. i just dont like that the camera movement speeds up when you speed up
edo rica : nice game it is really fun no ads so i rate it 5 stars
harsshiv arora : worstest app ever, never install this app. only adds are there . play 1 minute and get 4-5 long adds without skip option worstest app
lazer .e : this be the game you play as a kid when at a phone store but the game itself is good
daniel isip : hahahahahh ok ok this a weird game but pls dont make this magnetive they folllow me (the power-ups) also pls put joystick and when i move the camera move to (dont move the camera when i dont move) pls update the game and put what i told you
wolf pickle : i have had this game for about 10 min now. and i haven't been able to play it. honestly, it's because of ads.
travis metzker : well if you don't like a challenge die. i have playing this game, it's that good. as to the stars hail the morning star / satan.
amseven27 : i hope developer can make this game full screen because my phone doesn't support full screen mode option, tq vm.
zahid : the game is so lagging that from the upper levels it lags so much that one time i thought that my phone had just totally wasted.
hans meier : great evolution of the flappy bird principle. just way too many ads!
james drury : one of the best games i have ever played yes the ads get annoying but other than that awsome game
aman birla : best game ever played just love this.graphics are astonishing and also its amazing with earphones.
onia taylor : i hate all of the ads and stuff you have to watch every time you finish level
islam abou tabl : many ads and all of them take 30 seconds. thats too much.
isaac villafrade : its so stupid and dumb how everytime i finizh a level or die there is like a 30 second add ..........please fix it or im quiting your game.
cj : wayyyyyyyy to many ads you have to keep on pressing no thanks to badland premiemum just to get another ad
audiovisual_ : too many ads, and after each ad the sound gets reset so i can't keep it muted
danny giltner : it is a great game but there are minutes ads every time u complete a level or die
reaper dude : bruh the graphics are sick as freak. the controls is good and the gameplay is lit
a google user : i looooove this game. its great. nothing else like it on the app store. you will love it as well. give it a go, you wont be dissapointed
necie birdsong : it was a really fun game but i suggest that you make some of the level a little easier ok
potato cat : great game all together, it's just the ads. from me, keep it up guys
mommiedear and kids : i like it its cool, funny, savage and crazy and it has good graphics and mechanics to it
zdzakk : this game i phenomenal even without the buy of premium , i do recommend premium to finish though but anyways this game is just amazing!
pradip solanki : best game i've ever played.it's funny, clever, so realistic.really deserves a masterpiece.
jay case : awesome game. too many ads. better off going premo. even better.!!
hypercane : very fun. great graphics. and even a level maker.
liam mcgilvray : its ok. i had to sacrifice 4 games just for this? my phone only has 8 gb plus my 30 gb sd card but still whyyyyyyyyyy.
ayush h : i love this game very much it is very interesting exciting , in this game very cute characters . and it is very adventure's levels and this is i love it.
mar orlygsson : requires full access to my file storage, and refuses to run otherwise. uninstalling
kimberlin espinoza : it's a cool game i just dont get the storyline and i don't really enjoy it to be honest but everything was fine with the game
roses beauty : this is just an awesome game i love everything about it its probably my favourite and i really find the creature i'm playing really cute
a google user : fun to play and a good time filler. i'm new to this game so still getting the hang of it but i'm having fun doing so.
steve keasler : really fun game. but i wish you did not have to buy the premium version to get some of the levels.
ansherand : i don't like seeing the little afro creatures getting killed. they are so adorable and it breaks my heart every time.
jon arbuckle : very challenging and gives an odd feeling of claustrophobia to me. david hasselhoff is my favourite spongebob character.
alzeema : the game is such a good game but the long ads suck like after every level we hv to see a long ass ad
fiona nguyen : this is is insane fun! but though.... i love it that you can also create your own badland game this is why i vote 5 stars! but... i wish that i can vote this 999999.00999999999999999999999999999 stars... a :( face that i cant vote that much. <:(
luqman hakim : its good and have a little hard...its suitable for the person who like a fun game and have a challenge
adrian kubik : i love this game! its so fun!you can create your own levels and overall its cool!
nupur ghosh : this game has got a good art style.there aren't much flaws,quite worth for a good mobile game.
bhawtesh : really an amazing and relaxing game without any restrictions loved it and it's like playing hill climb racing in ragnarok amazing it's like a mysterious night
v. pawan raghav : really great game. tough levels and interesting game play! good job the game is fantastic!!!!
23william90 : huge unplayable bug for tv makeing the whole thing eather black or white no grey so theres littleton 2 colors on the screen and you can't even tell what anything is
zubayer hossain : controls are simple graphics are stunning best game to play in a quiet,lazy afternoon
arif burhan : cool game but i wish there was an online multiplayer so you can invite players in but overall this is a good game!
tony brandt : love this game. so much variety& challenge. skill required! lasts for ages
shrikrishna bhat : game is great but you must see an ad after every level.. not so fare
nikos nicolaides : overall a good, unique game to try and kill some time.
edward tighe : way too many ads but otherwise a moderately fun game. thumbs down on this game!
a google user : absolutely beautiful game both visually and in the simplicity of game mechanics
fred : this game is just a blessing to us smartphone gamers, such a console quality game deserves high recognition from literally everyone. i give it a solid 5
metal kinggd : its fun easy to create and all you have to do is hold and yoi can play multiple friends
mohd saleem : don't donload too many ads,worse ads, continuous ads, can't skip either.
aisha sahil adeem : i purchased badland premium about 2 or 3 years ago. i'm trying to redeem my old purchase but there isn't an option for it
adi badri : what beautiful game, i really love to spend my free time playing this game while hearing thoose relaxing sound theme
joshua chambers : too many ads. one for every death or new level.
rohit manokaran : worst "free' game ever, after every 30 seconds they show you a 30 seconds ad
gerardo carrera : it is annoying that there is an ad at each level so please fix it
adrian josan : way too many ads. futurecof games in uncertain because of so many ads
soykat hv : its a very enjoyable adventurous game with a fine graphics. i just love it
ivin babu : game is extremely fun. graphics is beautiful. and gameplay is awesome
michael brinkman : best game ever it requires skill and strategy and for all those people who use these things this is the game for you 5 stars.
a google user : this game is superb the control are very easy the graphics is awesome . this game is awesome
sudhakar mahagaonkar : the controls are smooth and graphics are great!!
sakib shahriar : good... but too many ads. really, like too too many ads...
jess yule : in my opinion there are way too many ads which gets you to buy premium.
zalaropa : do you know how hard is to find game that has no mistakes, bugs.
irish life : it's got such good animations-probably the best installation i've ever made really relaxing music
howard childs : beautiful game, got a bit tricky and had to pay to get the best out of the game. but i don't mind the price
mohammed abb : full of tech nice and smartness if you don't have a good game play this some ads but its ok
agung krisna : it is great for creative thinking and also a good problem solving game
a google user : it a unique addictive game which put in a trance like state due to the deep environment accompanied by the natural acoustics
aizek : the game is good. but the ads was very annoying and intrusive.
troy jessie delima : my first creepy game is badland 2 i played badland 2 long time ago and i came back to google store badland 2 is gone but i still like it 5 star for badland 2
hari krishna : a good physics based game.love the graphics and minimalistic design
lorri mcgee : i love this game. such a creative beautiful game. i get stuck on it for hours.
ian takimoto schmiegelow : game was good, but an ad everytime you pass a level is too much.
matija gsfdgf : ads are after every minute and they last 30 seconds. not playable
endangered art : way to many adds! impossible to play unless you buy the paid version.
mizuko chan : the best game ive ever played on the app store because litterly the first level was the best there is lots of challenges to this game the thing is that after beating day 1 corses you will have to pay
xander coley : this "was" a great game that's been ruined by constant adverts.
gavin mckinley : i like the sounds and the amazing background that makes badland a calming game.
kiera moffett : i love the game but the ads after every game is very annoying pls fix that
benjamin hahn : i like it cuz the levels but but what is hard and i can't beat it so make all the levels easy
davida saiate : ads is horrible. unplayable. too bad it's a good game
indrajit shee : the game is full of ads..& becoming very much irritating.worst thing in any application or game
marco spagnolo : beautiful, just the last stage was too difficult and frustrating.
aaron o : too many ads. advertised on other apps 3 a week charge to play this
jay panchal : worst game ever. whenver i try to play it shows me to upgrade to premium and then close the game.
ora semela : its ok for group play but they should really make the solo levels more interesting and way more harder
i quit : l love this app soo much! but since when did you add true co-op and since when was there build a level?!? i am a old player
goawaydammit _ : really awesome game but theres a ad every time i press 'no thanks' becausr it keeps asking me if i want badland premium
ilyn payne : so addictive i've played it all day & i've finished all levels it's a fun game & great graphics
ninja biscuit : yall do realize if you turn off your wifi and lte then ads won't pop up and you can play uninterrupted right ?
jaime athos : i have an update suggestion. add a trigger that activates when you tap in a certain area.
endercat3 ended cat3 : when i was younger i would play this like crazy! and i think i should get it again for fun:)
a google user : simple, alive, easy to learn hard to master, this game time well spent
minecraft gamer boy : this game is amazing i can remember the first time i played it years ago i have been looking for it for so long now my brother showed me this game and o couldn't stop playing it
shibui yokai : would be a great game if after every single game i didn't an unskippable ad.
shaikh toufique : too addictive. background music is so cool. it's very much fun every time i play.
olupot mark : cool gameplay perfect adventure,challenging levels better to play with a gamepad
keith connell : it's a blacker, more intricate version of flappy bird, with annoying ads
rudra singh : amazing. just amazing. even amazing is not enough for it. its fanatastic
elad3000 : too many ads, would be a good game but uninstalling instead.
twilight kitten : it's a good game until you start getting harassed to buy premium after every level or death
tom : great levels, brilliant level creator and easy controls!
oofgang245 : badland is a fun game it has an awesome story and i love jumping and flying with the little guys
somesh mukherjee : beautiful game...engaging but unplayable because of the number of ads it serves
michael jay : maybe let me have a go before shoving your purchase/21 secind unskippable ads before playing level 1.
geetha t s : good game could slow down the speed of the screen or make the animal move backward
snehal dhwani : it is a great game and things are so cute four players can play in it good graphics
dever doo : buy the game the ads get pretty ridiculous otherwise otherwise it's super fun.
vaishali bengale : game is good but at certain point you can't clear the level,it's like they don't want you to win
vexyrn : i keep getting a bug where when i start playing everything beckmes echoed and it ruins the sound
taytay world : it's so inspiring and beautiful of some people's lifestyle like mine it is fit exactly and made for me to play thanks creator
kate kyra : a little strange story, amazing graphics, really. if you haven't played it yet, you really should (also i'm really glad that theres level creator)
joshua bierle : an ad after every stage. more time with an ad than playing.
zach withrow : very good game, runs smoothly with no bugs and the art style is beautiful
beth romo : i love this game it's so cool!!!! because i only love it and my friends always die and i gave five (5) stars and littrely so funny play it now like 1000 persent i realy love it do you love it? then play it! i hope you love it!!!
johnny hollis : it's unusual and strangely alluring. .....i like the graphics.
a. mauricio trujillo : excellent game, but a 30 second ad every time i die just make me uninstall it
1nt19is004 achuth r : the worst app ever it gives advertising every minute the worst please don't download , you'll regret it.
nooran 2l : one of the best games ever i understand why there is too many ads (for badlands 2) i can't wait
xahyma_avocadosx : very fun and challenging. but it has alot of ads though
ramizan ramlee : too much adds. please consider those on paid mobile plans without wifi access.
please don't break into my house : great little game it's atmospheric challenging but not annoyingly hard defiantly play this one
emer : ads in every level was so annoying so i uninstalled it... i hate this game thank you
johann marx magtalas : everywhere i look there's just ads and ads and more ads!!!!!
philipp kononko : good game, simple, nice graphics and good gameplay.
bad liar : ads are unnecessarily frustruating i watch ads more than i play the actual game.
ruth tamayo : loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooove it ,buuuuut the only thing that bugs me isssss ads,i ruth would give 5 stars but u guys failed ,now i want to hear your explanation, so pleasssssssssse take your ads off... please, i will come see your explanation
amanda dwyer : beautifully crafted world. challenging and engaging to play.
the wild neo : i don't care about the ads i think it is a great game which is different to anything else i have played before
tekataku shikimo : this game is so amazing! my friends are laughing and we enjoy the game and the hard levels
bharath nice : very difficult.,exiting,entertaining, i have a look at the moment, but i think i have a nice game yaaaaaar hastag adhiripooindhi
david avila : i love this game but i hate the fact that there is soooo much ads every time you die or you decline buying premuim
nicolas jadot : too many ads in this game which doesn't worth the money aking for premium version
bhaskar desai : like it's gameplay and stuff but there are too much ads which make it annoying
advait sharma : nice game and the mind for making this game is very nice and u just need to turn off the net so u couldnt get ads...
ruby_plays_ roblox : i think this is a great game it is so chill the graphics are so good it is a really good game i love the background noise
sarah collins : really cool and addictive. the sound effects are spectacular
zayan tpm : the character might spawn in a badland but the game is hard and good. :d
riyasat ali : there is one problem some times when i touch the player does not respond . please fix this glich
horse equestrian love 16 : amazing graphics and awesome sounds. addictive and highly recommend
dragon hound : game is fun but what i dont like is that the screen doesn't stop moving and you can only go in one direction and that is forward
tom ya boi : one of the best games but i turn my internet off bcos of how many ads there are on it
malcolm gayner : combines elements from many of my previous favourite games. play is so cleaverly addictive!
fernando dejesus : i love the game but i hate the fact that there is so many premuim ad every single time
benjamin zhang : its quite delicious and appetizing, contains some nice ingredients and looks good
iconfreak : amazing art, and a great time killer. i higly reccomend this game.
keerthana s : it is a nice game but there are some levels that have no logic it is super unique game
coffee cat : love the level designer .also i really like the graphics.
a google user : fun but it takes me to long to figure out the puzzles it gives you.
tyresse rukuru : it was such an amazing game that tested your brain. definetly a game worth getting.
christopher newton : cool game sofar but hasnt got to hard yet i hope its possible without micro transaction s !!!!
emil eldhose : always shows the annoying message to upgrade to premium , this game is greedy
wesley d. kuilan torres : the game cool but it would be more happy if all levels where free.
iveo : it's play in 1.5x speed in my 120hz display, i must switch to 60hz when i play.
matthew fox : theres not much to say, its just the best indie game i have ever played! so many levels!( )!
nain0205 : back in the time when i play this game there's barely any ads now 80% off you die an ad come
rayce o : it's a fantastic adventure with a great level editor! and it's all free!
srikanth kavuri : an ad after each attempt at a level! come on!
mr.sandhu : too much ads, this game is more like advertisement. com
jason searles : ad after every level or life loss. i uninstalled it.
maxwell leclerc : i finished all the one player free levels. it was a good experience
daniel gadiano : i just want to play it so goodgame but i hate the add beacuse every add takes 31 sec.
a google user : game is awesome but for each level complete add is irritating like anything.
marko glisic : bring back badland 2 it was a lot of fun, just fix the bugs
mohamed albeity : amazing game but i sometimes get stuck on the roofs of tunnels for no reason
tre rex : stop trying to force me to buy the premium version and i've only been playing a game for 10 mins.
oliver bonarski : i'm rating 1 bc it just none stop ads if i say no to whach a vid for a skin it still makes me whach it just no prize fix it
micah villarreal : its like a different version of flappy bird and i use to love playing flappy bird it brings back alot of memories
bruno wollmann : awesome graphics, i rly love this soundtrack , its amazing , i sz this game!!
muhammad junaid : one of the bestest game i have played ever...a mysterious sound effects....full of.silence and peace....what a game great...
a google user : i think it is the umber 1 game on play store ,grapic are very good ,many levels and beautiful game play
mishan regmi : great app!! as i was seeing the ad some game pop up in my phone nice concept of watching ad.
thunder x : screen movement goes too fast before i can get my guy unstuck, please fix the screen move bug
frances lennard : a fun game but there are way too many ads to make it worth while.
dave : destroyed what was once a very good game with adverts...uninstalled.
marshmallow rabbid87 : challenging and relaxing, really brings out the satisfaction of survival
marty bevills : i love this game so much they did a great job on the game concept but the best thing about this game is the level maker
craig sheley : amazing! i'm 8 years old , love the style and sound effects.
seoljinie : good game the stupod problem is so many ads disturbing my game so much please remove ads
adityendra pratap singh : that's an awesome game right there love the visual everything is just beyond brilliant
anshu pachdhare : the game was very nice but their are many ad so please fix that problem.
ella thomas : it's good because u can play with your friends on the same divice and you can play on co-op
amir shrop : the gameplay is good but to many ads (tip turn on airplane mode)
mona villaganas : this game puzzle to me yeah when i play the don't want to the levels are hard it looks like puzzles
russ k : best game out there. beautiful graphics and control.
de law : a very nice game but please add online multiplayer in it to make it the best game in the world
aly kazutinky : absolutely brilliant game but over time its get to difficult to collect more clones
rishabh rai : 3 to 4 years earlier this was the best game but now it's becoming an ad.
mirna crncic : too many adds, they make a good game completely annoying and unplayable
kandeth bala : it's a very good game. i really enjoyed and loved playing the game and i am very much entertained... keep it up
prateek nanjappa : this is so fun and tricky! i enjoyed a lot. it's just amazing thanks for the game dev
jenell ramirez : great graphics and sounds. very entertaining!
tadashi : i remember plaing this game at a phone store, but when i got my phone i did not remember the name ,of the game so now i found it.
redmond macul : super fun game me and my friends and uh lol its fun i recommend it to everyone to play it me and my friends are now playing the part 2
scary cuteness : just amazing, there art is so cute, plus , the app works perfectly!
adarsh kumar : it sucks that i have to play an ad after every level. disgusting
puneet kotak : great gameplay. would be better if it had a storyline.....
ardenis : this game is really nice also for every player that has problem with ads just close the fricking wifi
bhoomi : literally played this for ages and finished it a few times and i think it's addicting too and i love it :)
mamba ts : its so amazing and i love it when i play with my friends but i give it a 4 because it dowland for 1 hour and that really sucks
1-c saldana hernandez jesus roberto : this game is not good when am trying to play it says badland has stopped. like b i want to play.
shaik mohammed rayan : it's very easy to complete the levels give me the tough levels update to this game
diaga star : top notch game all around. fun, challenging, great atmosphere
beauty & health bd : this game is most exiting game a bird is in a trap. he wants independence. that was all
suicide black : adverts! is there a paid version i can download? ditch the ads.
ginushmal wikumjith : what you did to the badlan 2 badland 2 was way bettet than yours... and now it is not available in playstore .. what happend to it
eric jackson : keeps your mind, hand-eye coordination at its peak!
justin fredrickson : fun game, simple but challenging. cool artwork.
chris hill : good game but way to many unskippable ads wreck the experience.
mohamed fardeen : i loved mosty the sounds while playing using headphones,its very very awesome,i finished this game for 3 times
nour-eldin mohamad : nice game but its totally unplayable bcz of all these adds ... ads arent short tho ..
nestor johnstone : 2016 anyone? god i love this game. chill, challenging and brings back memories lol.
damon dennis : this game is fun but when i redownloaded it on my new phone i lost premium and now i cant get it back. is there anyway i can get premium back without paying fr it again?
donkey kong : exceptionally good. unique and very interesting. highly recommended.
a google user : nice graphics,nice game,but i dont know one thing,what about badland 2?
ferris phenomenalssf : this game was amazing. i used to play it all the time since it was so amazing and i could play with friends
nitro gaming : i think the game is great iv'e seen my friends play this its was cool with the grapics and the controlls i hope this is
worm tail owo : so cute and i love the art styal its just so fun and soooo adoribal!!!!!
gaurav player one : one of the best mobile game i ever played. give me same experience as limbo..
islam mohamed : very interesting game but the amount of ads is absolutely insane
a google user : really fun, but you have to pay after the first 40 or so levels.
dexter llasos : i give 5star bacause ilove the style of the game,100%logic,and amazing... ihope more games like this....thankyoudeveloper
aivee surio : little more ads can kill me but i need to rate 3. i wish i would say 5
strongify sus : i love it. but it will be better if we can play multiper by bluetooth
mash mixture : one of the most adictive game in playstore.... i really like it & enjoy in my free time
unwanted circle chan : i really like the game but the amount of ads is ridiculous
a google user : whaaaa! what a graphics as it is like limbo can't tell about it very very nice
beginner gamer : this is the best game the graphics of this game is so realistic i make video on this game please subscribe my channel beginner gamer
mr. g : way too tedious! and you want me to pay to open up the other levels...nah aint good enough.
a google user : good make last level easier though i cant pass it if i could then i would rate 5 stars
aaron wilson : is there a badland 2? it looks like there was but now it's like a conspiracy to hide the sequel? is badland 2 real or what
random dude : great game good graphics, but ads are everywhere.
we do things messy here : really beautiful backgrounds and single touch control.
devin covington : i really like the game but the premium stuff is just begging you to get the premium
bizak the badlander! : i have been playing this game for many years now and i just can't get over it it's an amazing game and i recommend popular gamers to play it!
jesse freeman : just a really fun and good the style of the game is great and it is really amazing
jason davis : cool and so fun i told all my friends i love this all u have to do is stop the ads thank u so much and u should also make a boss level
shubham saxena : wow soooo satisfying sounds & interface, i loved it, smart game excellent graphics awesome game
marc edrick padrique : i played this game long ago, i believed i finished it. it was a great experience, now i came back here to rate this masterpiece.
jayson dong : best game hands down. and no, i am not a bot. some people are saying oh this game is hard blah blah blah well it's not just get better.
dons quinto : only level 40 free then you must purchase to play another level.
srikanth kumar chanakya : too many ads, ads play even if i turn of my data or wifi!
xavier frost : worst experience when you play keeping your data on.. game is filled with advertisement.
ao arashi : amazing game. no regrets about buying the full version.
james oluka : it's so fun it has obstacles so it's not to hard or easy you will not regret downloading it
vishwjeet kumar : this game is very interesting because it enhance our knowledge or check our sense to complete the level
zian smith : love the graphics and the obstacles game is very good and very fun
sam boi : awesome game.amazing graphics and visuals. its like flappy bird on steroids.
maria mohd suhaimi : it is fun but sometimes you cannot get done with the mission in 2 or 3 times
a google user : i love this game and the new update just fixed bugs please add some features for level editor
ploushie : its kinda dumb except for the name i really like the name ad-land
jada grove : such a great game i'd keep it of there weren't ads every 5 seconds
ng hongjie : too much ads... i came here to play game, not watch ads
corey wilson : very interesting and fun game, it can be a challenge though!
angela sanchez : its a great game and if there's ads just turn on airplane mode
p.k arts : nice photo..camera is not good . very nice picture. video caaling good night and sweet potato . thanks olx.
ilias karageorgos : it's a very unique game and it gives me the feeling of amazement and exploration
hasan ghiasi : is there an online multiplayer available???? a really don't remember. i played it a long time ago. but i really need to know. thanks
mohamed likram : it's cool and weird but it have some techniques so u would use ur brain a lot so it's fun
sushant shrestha : it's fun game but just turn on wifi and boom you gets lots of ads
matt barker : a great mix of challenging and doable. really enjoyed it.
a google user : i gave 5 stars for game play i used to play this but there are too many ads.
amal krishna : simple yet wonderful game.... ambience take you to another world!... worth downloading!
xxxveri_cool_namexxx e : u should definitely two things make less ads and make part 2 of badland:)
gage boram : has too many ads every level is a ad other than that its good
kyle davis : would be great game if not for the constant ads which made me uninstall out of irritation
jack smith : 195 megabytes to run a maze with a few obstacles? what kind of junk is this.
santhosh v : worst game. toomuch of ad. if you play 1 hour then 45 min will be ad only 15 min you can play.
ahmed shenawi : way too many ads. ruins the game.
swati sharma : five star game... i installed this game in my android tv ..it's graphics are amazing ..i love it
hyp3r __ : sooooo many adds that i cant skip and after a while it gets pretty boring
marisa loccarini : love the graphics, those little guys are so adorable!
jude h : awesome visuals and sound design. i'm so hooked
ian gaven s. diaz : it's good and fun though some adds get in the way of the fun but all in all it's good
abhilash : very nice game background has very cool and or it was the game of best skill everytime he provide best experience
alson prasai : beautiful graphic and gameplay. loved it !!!
viraj thakkar : this game was blast trip ever but plz launch badland 2 bcz i"ll complete 100 time of that plz#than give better updates for more craze for people play this game better
jared mesa : i love is pretty funny game and so much fun to play with my friends full of joy :)
ron zelantini : this is a good game even though you get lots of ads it's still really good
armando bautista : just switching a level gives a 30 sec ad every single time
soul keeper : the graffiks are 5 stare but can you lower down the ads for there can't be to much
chandu j s : absolutely loved it! playing with headphones recommend.
connor swanson : i love the fact that you can make your own levels but you need more optians grate game thou
erica jones : it's really fun and you can play with people even if there not on a other phone
swe uthein : too much ads. too much that exceds towards annoying level
a google user : its ok but on my phone it shows to many ads and it might take a while for to go down.
eleven ocean : i felt anxiety when playing this game i just wanted to break my phone because of the game play and background sounds
trevor mccoy : love it please make more redownloaded this year and had it in 2013 :)
zuhdi hannan : cool game and i give it 5 stars cuz graphics are real little bit.but its kinda laggy.
want die : 30 second adds after every level, great "free" game
shi gr : this game is very good but only the problem of too much ads.
maria cantu : i played bat land but not bad land so this is the best one soooooooooooooo pretty good and i like how it has build mode its pretty cool me in carona *cough*
devansh khushlani : very interesting game a man can pass time when he/she is bored
stefan nachname : great game, both art and gameplay are excellent.
very cool person : very good game, good graphics and gameplay.
hamfry hamfry : its good i also like the creatures and theres some that u need to sacrifice some just as long as u hv alot of creatures ur good to good
happy smile : it's so nice! games like these are really and i mean really fun (lmao) keep up the good work!!!
limitless_bot : really loved the game 10/10. the final level was a tough challange
amanda johnson : it is a very fun game but some of these levels are ridiculously hard
arc liner : good game and the creativity is beyond teh limits but please make all levels free
md. khalequzzaman bhuiyan : it's a great game.one touch control is great and making levels is interesting
nazir taylor : it made me happy but the new thing came up and lock a lot of things it was the odd one but way worst!!!! you ruin the game! it makes me mad!!!!!
all them witches : ads ads ads.. fun game but really bloated by all the ads.
zeba ziegler : for some reason when i downloaded the game on xaomi mi 10 t . the game is x2 or x3 speed can't play it
mohit tupkar : the game is good just because of those non skipable ads it got ruined
a google user : giveing a update but not showing at playstore. what is this. ads & ads disgusting
michael toochukwu : best game i have played with one input great graphics and level
a google user : i love it but there are too many ads which i don't like
stonerboi ext : great game. too many ads so i uninstalled it.
screemurr : i like how you can make your own levels and customize the character.
idk idk : i played it 4 years best game so intresting i was playing 7 months and completed.
kgaugelo huma qt : your game is awesome because it has four player that's the thing i respect and you know why i give a 5-star rating please let me get this p.m. because it just want to download and i hope you guys crazy golf sequels and sequels till again this nice comment is about me and paloma now i'm gonna download this game and i give you five star so i can download it and now i just want to play it so i can thank you guys for efforts would you create this game and i still want more this game is so nice even
chandan das : this game contain more stress.but actually when you are playing it's enjoyable.
penny burns : love this game. very addictive and difficult at some levels
alrick naiden : great game perfect for 4 players but it should have more levels
austin maurer : probably the most obnoxious ad interruption ive seennin a while.
noah pantaleon : its good i foybd out a way to not make ads show put airplane mode on
meow alot : this is stupid it wouldn't go up when i tapped even both fingers taping fast!
jace ace : after each puzzle there is an ad and its always right after you do a puzzel
evan odonnell : please fix graphics issue on the new "chromecast with google tv" device
lokesh prabhu : its not a game its an advertising app plays only ads more than gameplay
blood hound's wine : really gorgeous game, controls can be frustrating
piyush maheshwari : this is a one of the very few good game. great graphics!
a google user : control should be visible and without knowing about it .itbecome too hard to play
dragthon9 : fun game with lots of cool art and puzles considering buying the full game
arvind kewat : highly recommend absolutely amazing in every sense played 4 years ago & back again.
gerges nasr : the game is great but so much ads are annoying!
durga charan majhi : excelent game with enjoyable gameplay and graphics .
christopher : not working in my one plus 7t keeps on loading into google play account forever
aryan tiwari : this is great game to play....whenever i get bore....then this is really good to increase my mood.....
blaze gamer : it's cool but to many ads remove ads for free
stanko pavlov : beautiful graphics very fun gameplay and 10/10!!!!!!
young_darren5 : game is great and love the creative levels and the graphics
jenna smit : now i don't normally like games but this is the best game i have played so far. if you are bored this is the game to play. and it's mostly free. i love it
psycho pmpkn : the actual game is fun there's just too many ads
f gutierrez danil patrice : nice graphiis and the players but pls fix the four player the tapping spots
germantas ruze : good but bad ads and a lot of ads.. deleted after first ad
jonah schwab : this game is too good for a mobile game, probably the best one ever made. play it, you will not regret it.
nishu singh : nice smooth gameplay and you can create your own map
yasser abooh : why can't i get more clones when i replay a level.....this is the only problem i have..m
abdur rehman qureshi : way too many ads. deleting the game
shaba parween : this game is very relaxing whenever i play this i feel very relax and this is better than badlands 2
sarah f. : i love this game so much because you can fly spend time with e chother.
kishan khunt : very very nice very very cool game pls add in this game colors it's wil be next lavel i like this game.
malcolm dunnett : this is bull! this game is horrible now, it used to be great and then premium encroched upon almost all of the frickn levels!!! and the level editor!!! only raiting 5 star so you cand read this and fix this horrible screw up!!
a google user : flooded with ads. can't even play without a cash grab in your face.
polk-a dragon : simply amazing in every way, i just wish there was a bit more of an ending.
fin boi : pretty good game overall but its always asking to do premium and i remember playing when i was younger and it dident do that
maxwell rogwski : its a really fun game but very rarely there is small amounts of lag
logan pifel : good design and puzzles but infuriating at times
joop hillbottom : so... many.... ads.... very pretty game... ads ruin it.
ranjan pandit : i love this game this games graphics is too good but all the level of this game is so hard but i love the game
burbleburb : cute little round fuzzy guys... so fun and addictive so easy and awesome
riley robinson : good game but a 30 second ad every level ruins it
kurt necole canete : y'all be complaining about adds if you just turn the goddamn wi-fi it's also offline dzuh typical complaints. except for the games that is online dzuh!!!!!
matthew leavitt : excellent kid friendly and adult fun game. beautiful scenes and great veriety in play
lily nyberg : i think that it's a fun game but the home page is really confusing.
milidio : beautiful and exiting and improved my puzzle solving skills
durga prasad : too many advertisements.. loosing intrest to play game .
seema rani : adorable app for fun and time pass multiplayer is amazing feature. .........
jack moreau : i freaking love badland. (google play is asking me whether i think badland is a classic or not in the "tell us more..." section, that ought to tell you)
shado smith : good game but tooooo much video ads to the level that i don't give a f about the game anymore
christian bernardo : one of the art games that stucked in my mind. kudos to the developers.
a google user : this game keeps restarting my game so i have to play all the levels again
francis jeanthiran : one of the best game in the world. but unable to continue due to lack of clones.
adolf shitler found dead in thangappan's funeral : adds are not at all a problem oz if you wanna remove add just play off line.such a great game
not zombie : the second level is impossible forcing me to buy premuim or play level 1 infinitely
pankaj kujur : can be played offline is the best feature.
felix black : my main problem with the game is that it isn't a full fledged pc game, like its literally flapy bird meats limbo
jayvol : fun game but it has way too many ads.
abhishiek desai : only one stra because so many ads so plz reduce that one .but i give 5 to the game i love the game
sangram patil : best stress relief game. waiting for badland 3 !!!
johnstrong o_o. : visuals are superb and the controls are simple great game
sukanta ghosh : very nice game with good graphics and good control
jose leon : berry good i thinl this game needs more levels but its very intertaining
vanessa luna : i would give this 5 stars its a fun game but their is just waaay to many ads
axranox : i like the smooth gameplay and the puzzle/frustration overload
easy shop : cool game this is badland and have fast and slow and small and big yep im rating soo.. good
arturo ochoa : what are you guys talking about there's not that many ads i got like one or two. and finish the game.
muzaffar abbas : amazing beautiful background, music and control.
torstein early : this go is so enjoyable. it's artsy-playable flappy birds.
arnel capili jr. : this is incredible i uninstalled it because i finished it and i can't buy the premium but still best
suvankar rajbanshi : nice game but some levels are just impossible to win
ren cerulean : one of the best games i've ever played. even years later it still is changing and fun.
stuart penk : brilliantly playable. full volume required. well done all.
pierre aoun : i love this game but is kinda unfair cause you need premium to be an never ending game
margo rudolph : love playing this game it's so damn addicting... keep up the good work guys.
king bek : it a grate game i love it and the stuff that happens in the game i like it and i think you will to.
coolkid gaskill : i love the game but i whoud love it even more if you made the level create not cost 150 clones thank you
donald lewis : super solid game. love the graphics the game is almost another rayman
kaif : i suggest to play in multiplayer mode. its full of fun
tony garcia jr. : too many commercials that you can barely play!!! unloaded this game quick! pass on this until they slow down on the commercials
ryder corcoran : great game but there's a problem to many ads
rasnita : stop with the ads.those ads are no use forever
grizball23 : fun lightweight experience, lot of trial and error
priyansu satpathy : best game to enhance your decision making and split second thinking.......
rr funner : awesome game. i played when i'm free , it gives energy and confidence
ppp99 : very good games!! please build a badlands 2!
infinitegaming : too many ads, its like 4-5 times ads before u can go back to game
foxy & altar : trash ios game, force pay to play.. hate f*****g apple inc. don't download or if you want to waste 4 usd. a few years ago this is a goor game. all because fu*****g apple
alejandro vicent lares : it's so much fun and easy to play. the graphics are beautiful
estephany flores : love this game! very entertaining and challenging. first game ever worth paying for
shaun smith : frustrating, difficult, infuriating and well worth your time.
sammy spears : it's rlly fun i play it a lot and the little monster things are rlly cute
rakesh mahapatra : i would never comment so much, but i will definitely say about this game, this game is really a very good game, not 5 stars, it deserves more than that.
arashk borzoo : i really love this game, but sadly badland 2 is no longer supported
virus _ : ads after every little level get very annoying dont download
rahul mathew george : awesome game but ads ruin the whole experience.
francisco diaz : love it i like the way how you have to press it each time to fly
mary carlson : this is the best game i've ever played because it has a lot of timing and falling stuff
boo you : all ads, more ads than game
a google user : too many ads. i cant even play this game.
akash jadaun : too many excessive amount of ads very lengthy ads
emergency response orchestra : visually outstanding game. absolutely a lot of fun.
noray : really good, but the controls are hard to use.
waswa paul : nice one except that it limits from playing next level without paying money
avkash k : great game just turn off wifi to prevent ads and you are good
william unger : unbelievable free to play game, graphics are insanely good
'.falling'. '.roses'. : this game brings be childhood memories i love it! please support this comment, i hope this game continues to be awesome.
shiloh bear : amazing in every way if you don't count the adds
kaylib smith : awesome game love it's unique play style and the mysterious story
_.viqtrz._ : i love it, the art is amazing, and i like the levels
ethan king : there are waaaaaay to many adds. i enjoyed this as a kid, and this ruins the experience. can't i do anything without hearing about damn mistplay?
sourav lahiri : tooooooo many pop ups they ask every time to upgrade to premium version u cant play peacefully
isaiah kallaus : super fun game a litlle challenging but it was my childhood
y/n : it's a great game and also i played it when i was little. :d thx for making #2
nathan currie : great game, way too many ads
ratnam baggu : beat casual game ever, very addictive and simple.
veljko tiragic : it works on my 2013-ish device with 700mb of ram so im very happy (samsung dual core)
rodney evans : just redownload this addictive game and loved it just as i did before. great game!
ee haang lim : very good! just a bit hard to get enough clones
arian ameri : when i was 8 years old i played this game and i like it and i want to download badland again
pratima kushwaha : awesome game with good graphics and also involve physics in it
the_boss 441 : if people complain about ads put airplane mode on the ads will go away for the time u have it on
sean rodgers : robbery. i bought this awhile ago. if you as a company decide to change your business model to a pay per ad, you should grandfather the people that purchased prior to receive the content ad free.
daksh gupta : very bad , very bad , don't download , i cudnt give 0 stars , but it's very bad
eee ea : if you don't buy it you can watch ads a way to give them money to.
javan onderwater : could do with shorter ads but it's super fun
sean : great game, totally different and interesting experience.
da sneed : the game is fun but the amount of ads is horrendous
priyanshu soren : it's a worst game... it won't let you to cross the levels...
angel gam : i would give this a 5 star but there's an ad when your playing solo or versus
tanesha aultman : i've played this before and i love it. it is one of the best games i've ever played i've played this game since i was little [ i'm still youngish ] i would like to thank the creators.
abid nafiz : play it when you are high...because the background music is lit..
vaibhav k : best game i ever played both coop and singleplayer gave me some of the best childhood memories
nuufunction nuufunction : i remembered playing this back in middleschool. nostalgic good old time
daksha surti : i love it ,i like it very very much. my time is passing very very fast when i play on badland
toma fishy : it's a good game but it has to many ads. so that's 4 stars.
zeljko mosunjac : it's basically only ads...and then more ads
jane drohan : i loved this game but it is sometimes hard to get clones.other than that it's perfect
tiffany ripley : used to love this game catch that used. it has to many ads.
vedanth gopinathan : very fun, and the only bother is the hounding for me to buy premium
isavera j abah : too many ads, it's annoying.
benjamin miller : simple, yet challenging gameplay.
pastel : very fun but i get stressed by not passing the level
rico suave : excellent graphics and sound!
nicole benoist : love this game, i cant quit playing it. super addictive!!!!!!
yuri avila : there are 40 free levels and they are pretty good. woth playing.
luke plowman : i think this game is very cool and amazing. the sounds are also very good
a google user : the tiny and the giant black fluff balls are so cuteeeeeeee!!!!!!! the visuals are amazing, and everything is just awesome!!!!
quinn okerlund : way to many ads pretty much 1 per level
public puffin : visually astounding. beautiful gameplay ,well done i love it
roger panelo : on multiplayer champaign there's a bug on day 2 we can't play it
rachel clemmyl : the game is really cool, but it has too many ads.
lhem reyes : i like this game when i download on my phone there have two player in cooperative mode how four player this in phone
post zegeltjes : the most ridiculous amount of ads ever
robert doyle : a good idea completely ruined by obnoxious and incessant ads.
john peitz : i couldn't get past the second level. way too hard.
matt k : fun at first, then the ads hit. uninstalled
joshua : graphics are good i love the game but when will there will an update
a google user : if it weren't for the ridiculous amount of ads, this game would be a clear 5 star
drew kallaugher : it was a joy too see this game while scrolling through the games because i used to play this a lot on my old kindle fire xd
bradley fischer : a standout game. like flappy bird but actually good!
billion dolla : it's kind challenging, and i like that, but it's so annoying.
althea ray : very much enjoyed this game. very challenging! thank you.
mark foltz : great game fun with cooperative multi player. minus one star for not working with family library
charbel nakhle : coll game but if you can make it online and not 2p on the same screen
brian l : nicely designed game. too many commercials
michael richardson : it is horrible the controls are not the best and it is overall horrible.
mohammed shayan : bad land is not a bad game but is a very challenging game
a google user : you could use some knew modes but otherwise, great game!
thee braveknight : constant ads make the game annoying to play
matt fitzgerald : awesome sensory journey. wish i could give it 6 stars.
anna fernandez : smooth gameplay and lovely graphics.
shane bryans : fun game and if you hate ads break out wallet for 4 bucks.
andy flores : it ok but the graphics are trash the gameplay is ok but everything is ok
1time : it's the best, most awesome game ever . besides minecraft.
graham waldbieser : this game may have a decent amount of ads, but it's worth it!
omar irfan : one of the best side scrolling games out there and it's much more than just that!
positively negative : the ads came thick and fast but descent game
goldmine action : after gta sa i like this one ..such a great experience .... best role playing adventure game
wayne nz : addictive, eerily beautiful and well designed.
walid el : sound effects are funny af the background is sick mysterious i love the game
rahil rashah : truly addicting game but fairly challenging ...... highly recommend it
mohamad norhisyam bin zakaria : avira detected this app as "spr/andr.inmobi.mg.gen", eset/nod32 detected this app as "a variant of android/inmobi.d potentially unsafe", f-secure detected this app as "privacyrisk.spr/andr.inmobi", ikarus also detected this app as "pua.androidos.inmobi".
clockfox gaming : i remember playing this game probably like 8 years ago and it was really good, and i think it still is
reynan villasana : challenging. enjoyable. very nice graphics
tati kon : adverts after each game so annoying... !!!
aubrie monson : super fun!!! i love this game i have looked for this game forever i am glad i found it it is amazing!!
the black thornes : it is a bit hard at points but its really fun
mohan bike racer : worst app.. game super but add over... game playing next level add .. suddenly add.. worst worst.... pls remove add
a google user : one of the best games but has a lot of adds please fix it
ajith kumar : too many ads. uninstalled. totally sucks
r3melt : played this when i was younger when i was like 5 i love it but just please add multy player
becca campbell : great game super fun love playing so fun to play in free time.
594ganesh wajantri : best game with decent graphics plz just remove the ads
mekhi cargill : i used to place at the app store and it was fun and now that i found a mobile that is even better i think that you should get it anybody who one stars it is is dumb
epsa electronics : beautiful game, very fun, plays great, i recommend going premium
dave coote : not bad but need to be smart to play it's fun and not that hard
saravana kumar : really cool and creative, visceral too.
elijah william : never boring game but please..............too many ads
dinesh kumara : great game, can also be played with a group of friends.
dama lovesu : this game is multiplayer and the word i would use to describe this game would be supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
wyns : too many ads very irritating such a shame
briana heyward : just beautiful and the wallpapers are whimsical and full of fantasy
daniel m : great game with amazing graphics.
toni ercegovic : too many ads, it's unplayable
jonathan philips : fun and cute, made me sad when the little dudes died. overall nice game
sharad kadale : so many ads.there are ads after every level
boudhamani thiyam : love it but it is hard is just take the fun away but is grate
jack carlisle : really fun and addictive. amazing background and story
a google user : to all the gamers out there your really doing a great job but try making games offline
aire g. : it was fun but...its way to fast i can't play i need time to p!ay dong just give me it with 0 time fix that pls.
hansel tan : to much ads ,can't enjoy the game.
julita gadomski : super cool and dark game. challenging but not impossible.
xavior a : great just great nothing i would say wrong no bugs no problems thanks
kyto 203 : love the game, if you are looking for a challenge, then this is your game
slim dave : fantastic games but too much ads!!!
harmony do : super cool art and very fun, esp with multiplayer
kv_ismyname : it's a really good game, it's fun but it needs a little bit improvement.
john forsythe : very artful graphics awesome gameplay thanks for a great game
jackjam7 * : there's too many ads but i it's a good game
sarkar alqadhi : so many ads even while playing the game
gabija d : good though i can't get past d1 l2 i want you to fix this glitch please.
fallen angel : the game is really nice and it's challenging making it a greater game
jesus moreno : i love it cause it's the game i found amazing 2 or 3 years ago and still find fun today
madden rota : great game! amazing graphics! beautiful!
chino-chino wya : really amazing game needs lots of afford to play this game...concentrate blance yourself...i just love this game...
leona-val gallant : never a dull moment and i love all the sound effects
shubham ranaut : this is the best game i've ever played. this is challenging and a very addictive game.
rama ken : too many ads in the game. stop being greedy.
kloneo : i remember playing this with my brother when we were younger, its a fun game! its entertaining and lets forget about the rage, this game is cool and fun!
carmen lord : it's just amazing , i used to play it when i was a child on my dad's phone , i'm happy i found it again
eric lyngheim : keeps asking to add permission for storage? can't play...
fachri alfareza : the ad is very annoying
milan obert : this game is really good but too many ads....
every thing : i liked this game its graphics and controls are very very best
cr : this game is good but get rid of the frickin ads
laytttotheparty 123 : one of the best mobile games i've played. the ads aren't even that bad.
a google user : awesome levels, awesome multiplayer places and awesome game
shehwar javed : if they remove ads, the best 2d platform game..
ali isam : this game is to cool from the graphics and everything soond so great just i love it
muhammad rohan : ads are annoying otherwise game is ok
deepak kumar : i liked it much than any other mini games for mobile.
wit dambanjera : this game is amazing,the graphics are super cool
hala zamzamy : badland is a coool game and a good one for the rest of the season
jec benny : this game is really fun! but it needs a lot of space, but its worth it!
nancy strickert : its a great game but there is just to many ads
kumaraan arumugam : every time i die they always ask the same question and when i say no it will play an as after i finish a round it ask the same question and i say no it will play an ad
aiden arwood : graaaat game but still it needs 5 player mode. please ad that.
billy jo butler : really good graphics i could even tell it on the picture
the pineapple person : incredible art. amazing game.
poorw patel : hmm this is best offline game when your data has ended then you can use this app this is veri jul binod
pamela smith : this game take really long to download on a samsung a 12 but overall a good game
thi ha : nice game .i really enjoy this game but it difficult to save clone
alexander helfman : really fun the creatures are so cute want a bad lands 2
aryan deshmukh : very bad game because many adds are there i am deleting the game because i hate it and i suggest you that by mistake also do not download this game
langali singh : this game is really nice and fantastic a nice relaxing and mind freshness this game is such a game that if you will play then you want to play again
ryland davis : its asking me to buy premium even though i bought the full version years ago
chris fabres : as a child i played this game, it was enjoyable and i never had any problems.
robbie cronin : man too many ads... every time you die...
jonathan mallorca : i remember playing this with my brothers and sister as a little kid. this game brings back so much memories
gary ingraham : the gameplay is very fun but chill on the ads game
nivas s : good game very hard to unlock next chapters we want badlands 2
the mighty tim : it's a fun game like flappy bird except you dont die if you hit the wall
buffy hale : i don't know if i can get too much closer than mercury but it's fun to do but....i love it!
far3on gamer : i need to play in multiplayer mode but idon't have money to pay
rainbow_wolf lover : this game is gready as hell. i have 572 mb free and the game wants 195 mb. please stop this from happing again plz.
dank death : love the side scrolling experience and the slow mo buttons
a google user : fabulous!!! i loved this game!!! i have no more sweet words to say about it
mahra boniog : its cool a bit but its hard collection star is hard please fix this game
s b : i've been playing badlands for three years, and i still love it!
sashikant koiri : too much add i don't like it everytime you have to see adds
shanthi senthamarai : one of the best mobile gaming experiences ive ever had. 10/10.
hernan pro : i miss this im playing this game on 3 years on tablet but im playing this game now in cellphone i miss this 1000000000000000000000000% thank goodness its to much cooly game
vishal manchanda : nice concept....good graphics and sounds
eli ventura : its great but like when you finish day 1 you have to get the prumium idunno how to spell it but you have to get it
chris plays minecraft : i like to make my own levels and play levels and i just love this game
rohit bishwal : good graphics but to improve control
keyur patel : so many ads, pass 1 level ads is rady to starts, mind suck
pappu pappu : very bad not able to play with friends how to play with friends
g g : very good game with fun gameplay and visuals
eddie williams468 : dude! this game is one of my favourites. thank you for creating a game like this :)
elijah fajilan : i like this game becuz you cab create your own level so cool and even have a tutorial
averyfreshguy : good, but you cant even skip the ads
musa hussain : best game in the world. if you fell bored them this game is the best i love it and recommend you to install the game.
movie scene : this is very interesting game... i love it... great time killer ...... thank you...
sean tyrone gamboa : awesome game goood graphics and easily can get addicted
shanaz begum : what a wonderfully lovely game and i love the way its smoothness and twists in the game
thug life pro : it is a goddamn awesome game.it has a $running graphics
a google user : i super but koi pub g games make eg call of duty pubg sa bhi super and so many adds
m extreme : really nice game, love the art style .
sadari dan : i like the unspoken story of the forest being invaded by viscous machines its kinda like limbo but with fluffy bois.
simon : beautiful artwork and a gun and difficult game
a google user : really great xperience on mobile a definite must have for geometry dash fans
miamorly : i love this game so much, it's perfect. i just hope they add more levels!
utkarsh aggarwal : awesome game but annoying ads
harramo damonster : i used to play this game a few years ago. i am redownloading it now and can't wait to play it. i used to love this game.
gabriel folly : i have wasted too many hours of my life here. i got at least one egg on every level.
zoey wolf : not only will it not launch on an s10+, why are there 15 trackers?
thunder : it's challenging some times that's what i like about it
kelly sidor : very relaxing and can be fun to play with family
a google user : there are too many ad while playing
geraldy suherman : for a legend game, the ads is too much
michael quinn : would have been 5 stars ' except for the banal pop up ads
hidayatuloh : the atmosphere is cool, and also the gameplay is good
jonathan farez : the ads are annoying but it's a good game
zane bloxy : on one of the levels, the chains dont let me trough. >:(
xd ivan : breh thegame itself is indescribable you really have to download to check it out for yourself
uriel attias : fun addictive game with amazing graphics!!!
iris freeman : it starts off easy but it becomes really annoying
- : ok it is a really good and well made game but i begs you for your money way to much
a google user : this game is awesome and it also has perfect graphics
sebastian figueroa : this game is fun but the ads make it not fun
gabriela hernandez : the levels are weird and challenging
montana trimble : love the game but too many ads
paul arijit panja : the game is good but the ads ruined it.
kaustubh raut : nice challenging game but too much ads
mr. escobar : i played this game when i was 5 and it was fun because you can make your own levels
blackpink blink : great gamplay, gfx. and definitely deserved goty award.
chungus man : best.game.ever.i just have one question. what are those white lights after i beat a level?
lumbo : the game is amazinglgraphics and gameplay are the best
devon falcone : really good game but way too many ads satisfies me a lot
brendan mckenzie : i love this game i bought premium but i don't know how to change skins
nash roch nahid : the game is great cool artstyle and simple gamplay
ben bayerl : another game ruined by excessive ads.
ivyand adrian world : it's really hard but really fun at the same time.
coby busby : absolutely perfect except for the adds
josh vestil : wow amazing graphics and cool adveture but i wonder how to mutiplayer
mylene ramos : its nice cause its chalenging for is to play and you will have fun playing it
grey leader : addictive cute fun unusual easy on the eyes...
sangeeta bhatt : i played this on steam with gamepad and it is one of the best games i've ever played
giulio canozo : it was amazing, co trols spot on. thank you for making this game.
syed talish : could have gotten 4 or 5 stars but has a ton of ads
soumik roy : too much ad.. its quite impossible to play for these afs
david : too hard to play and have fun..
joshua varghese : it's alright. graphics are good
catmos_real : good game i play full game for cost of hours worth of ads but still good game
mohamed mostafa : this is the worst game i have ever played + to many ads
junior ramirez : i've played this game since i first knew about it. it is very fun. i couldn't stop playing as a little kid.
sahib uberoi : too many adds. made it litraly unplayable
anjit : the graphics is just amazing
pratyush panda : awesome game play and nice graphics and very enjoyable
sanvan : lots of ads can't play peacefully gave 1 star uninstalling right now
harshdeep singh : awesome game but some levels are too hard
you tube : it's a good game but to many ads
hemanth kumar : brilliant graphics and game play
salinah salamat : its fun and relaxing . also it was challanging
jonalyn ann reyes : awsome game but i can buy more i have more bc i got winneri was next to chapter 2
cherry soda : it fun but takes up a bit of space.
josue palada : its great but it has so many ads like ugh
a google user : got because it said it was add free but that is only if you have a spare 3.99 in your account which if you are like me you don't.
eddie wadman : i just came back to this game arfter many years and i still love it it is such a great game and i rember when i played this with my friend when i was a kid i highly suggest this game
hamza zafar : nice game good graphics and really tough gameplay
zyrobss : this is pretty well until i played this level and its lagging im so disappointed with that
fahsai chutimont : there are too much ads.
comrade maboi 69 : thanks for ruining the atmosphere of one of my favorite childhood games with adds
pasindu maduranga : wonderful gameplay with out of world scenary.
brandy heart : the best game ever, very challenging too. i love it
laithan medina : i think i kind of like this game kind of looks like best rating levels things and more
amirhamza9696 : too much ads
josh mcderment : amazing game, great artwork especially
salvadorjr remedio : im a pilipino and this game is good why i rate 5 stars because the music is scary
ramesh dangi : game with nice graphics
prinz walters : game is very interesting good game to play when bored
beena s : this game a very usefull in controlling your patience..
adharsh krishna : i loved enjoying this game.... thank u all the people who worked for this game...best game ever
calvin langer : nice to play, chill and beauty
ma'moun elwary : loved this game as a kid and still love it now
shankha shaubhra samanta : the game is really nice but the adds are annoying
kelly miller : every time i decline premium i makes me watch an overwhelming ad $@%%@
rahul saha : exceptional game with beautiful graphics
cheetah bra : very good and gets very hard but it is still a really hard game
neftali adrian : it's not that this game is super awful but, there are games that are so, so, so much better
desert _fox : it's a great game and i recommend it but there alooot of ads x<
hareem farooque : i love this game because this game is really awesome i like it i love it people it is it's awesome should really rate this five stars
f dubs : really fun game i love the creativity used to make the game too
kaitlynn herndon : too many ads. uninstalling
alisa curtis : i hate this game because i ceep exploding and it's really annoying.
joseph spalding : really fun i enjoyed messing with the create your own this.
ark_gamer _ : not bad but one of the levels is impossible for me to beat
ais banana : i like the but the ads are realy disturbing
jackie muldowney : barry island pad badland i was going 100 levels in this game it was updating 20 found 20011 level
ambroise dhenain : too much ads but very good game!
sarthak kathiriya : game is very good, but advertisement sucks
pastika profik : one from best games i ever play but some leves are too hard - 4 stars
doofenshmirtz_was_taken : very good game although i did have problems such as the game not saving
n & d boom : very well game , so interesting and wonderfull music in this game so i am giving 5 star.
shane smiles : way too many ads in this game
ssj4 gogeta : i kind of hate it is because it takes forever down loading.but it's still cool. :)
sodium chloride : the greatest time killer and greatest app!! thank you for making such an awesome game
simeon zapryanov : 11/10. a lot of fun. totally worth to buy. no regrets!
noodlemansoup : if u guys are having problem with ads just turn off your wifi so no ads use brain next time
rodwell monteagudo : very addictive. hard stages but cool. hope stages are easy to unlock but i give 5 stars though
charles gibson : i have never laughed so much playing a video game of any kind. genius!
chris chalyvidis : nice game, i would suggest adding more levels...
dev jangir : game is good but ads comes again and again..
ivan kostadinovic : nowhere does it say that only 10 levels are available.
lance julian : everytime i play this app, it makes me feel sad and it bring on the other side of the world.
hiral patel : very good game fun and awesome journey through badland
joella mcintosh : its lots of fun but there are lots of adds
rajat bhatnagar : one of the finest products in the mobile video game industry!
dovydukas bl : awsome game, but levels are too hard
najma bibi : it needs more controls ok? then i will put it 5 stars
akhil poolathody : love the game... the graphics ans sound are all very apt
steven aranza ramirez : does not work completely freezing my phone and i have to restart my phone
whatsupplayz : i love the game, and tainted glass is complaining about "ads" just turn off your damn wifi, why do always people complaining about ads, your just turn off your fricken wifi if don't, just toss your wifi in to the abyss or smash it with the hammer, and thats all it matters...
river joy gratwohl : i love this game so much i downloaded it on all my electronics and i do recommend it i do wish it was a 2 player game tho
a google user : best graphics nice time killer... moreover it offline
plague : amazing graphics and really challenging
review : ads ads ads! let me play before you start shoving the ad dick down my throat........
toshi _ : great game but advertisings too much.
bee martinez : my mom loves this game and i decided to redownload it my love just playing the game it reminds me of when i was little and i played it
milyanik flores : little frustrating but fun to play
a google user : is the best but they need to make the badland free (the premium one)
pie playz : nic and best because this game is smooth and good graphics good luck badland
better because : ads over ads over ads and wait..there are some more ads
jonathan aplacador : graphics and gameplay is so attractive
kundan adhikari : first tie im give 5 star for any game.this is awesome. live that graphics.
a google user : very fun but please lower the premium cost
the guy 98 : great graphics especially for a mobile app
julie murphy : fun game. wish there was a way to play further without paying
tarun pal : amazing grafics and music .i like this game too much
shams pahlowan : nice game.but some levels are very hard.
ryan & stephanie naughton : amazing amazing game. keeps me on the tips of my toes! highly recommend to all
chloe quayle : great game, but what happened to badland 2?
shreyash jadhav : best game the graphics are insane i have not seen one such with best everything
cohen leigh : amazing art styles i can't seem to get bored of this game
roen lingat : you can't install like the game is so stupidest game ever you must buy the level editor so that you can create levels
noisy neighbor : i love the game and i want them to have online playing with other people across the world to compete against them
anis mazran : this is a cool game but i can't play multiplayer with my brother my sister and my little boy baby cool
gaviann cintron : pls update this game pls i use to play this game when i was 6 and no ads weren't in this game pls update it.
thebluezebra : great game even though i'm clueless what the storyline is.
sam tailby : way to hard one the secand level.
mayank yaduvanshi : fun and action together, play with patience and beat the badland.
a google user : the ads ruin the game junk way too many
rohit raj : like the game but too many ads
randy escauriaga : can you remove ads because when i finish the level i will gave 5 star when you remove it
maku fernandez : this was extremly deadful game im always die in this hard level but cool!!
olive harris : this game is my whole childhood, i still love it. thank god i found it!
melba layao : please remove the ads and bug
shahab udeenu : i like this game because its tough and puzzling game i confuse when started the game but is my best game ever i played
02 . calebio immanuel stanpo : i love that you make everything free with progress nice job!
sugar cookies : simple yet challenging, i love it
elena bidiones : i love this. refreshing to just play and escape reality.
nik bhatiya : my level not open please open my level enjoy game but not my level
green for life : this is my childhood game and it's sooooo fun to play with your cousin or sisters i really love this game so much imma download it again
1 god : i cant get though the level twister can you take out that level i cant get though it
kingender613 bg : this is amazing levels especially challenges!
vanellope von schweetz : i love the game but it keeps crashing
magican marshall : awesome but is a bit challenging and barley any adds
sharon : i love this app so much! it's super fun and really exciting!
myst1k w1zard : hmmmm. it's an awesome game and a great time killer.
tpv gengar : fun game eveything good and close your wifi for the ad
iq boss : this is just amazing...i lack words
shawn kikbourn : awesome game.... great graphics...love it!!
jason warren : got to the last level. then chose not to pay for the game
explosion : it's really hard to get eggs. but still i love this game.
roshan : good but it is very big 50 mb is compataible for it no 185 mb.
eddie gonzalez : i love this game it's so fun but it takes a lot of my space
stefanie legarda : its a good and intertaining game but has way to many adds
ayush aggarwal : a good game for experienced ganes as well as non experienced ones.
canopy : enough with the god damn ads.
sadaf islam : me and my sister can play together and have challange with each other which is really fun
billy bob : it's really addictive and i like how it has great graphics
jacqueline kirkpatrick : to much of the do you wish to upgrade to badland premium
lulu deunu : challenging but that's what makes it fun!
dejan jovanovic : great, great, great. just great game. atmosphere, physic. this is the creation of a weary intelligent person. once more. great!
moad korsi : to many ads unplayable
marsal : great mini one touch survival game.
hitesh vadhva : worst. i failed to understand why on earth does an offline game require media storage permission.
vishal moktan : i like it ... but it makes me really frustrated sometimes
hana sherif : it's a really great idea of making this game. i recommend very much. i love it.
glactor : please stop being so pushy with premium its annoying, other than that it's pretty good
nicole williams : love it! learning how to create levels
brody foster : 10 out of 10 just that there's to much adds but u must download
fuse nah : i found this on a display phone in verizon good game.
matthew tennant : realy fun, though the adds are a bit relentless
abdul jabbar : great game ever....looking for part 3 since long time....
bappa roy : its easy to play and experience is so adventurous
totally not a lizard man : good game but there are to many ad's
jstc 4477 : this game is awsome the graphics the controls the game play its all awsome if u havent download this game download it right now
geofredo pasasadaba : its been 4 years since i last played this this really brings back memories with my brothers and sisters
maylean thomas : fun and great game with a perfict dificulty.
lucky noor : awesome!! cool! charming !! chilling !! creative !! fun to play ...
ali ebrahim : incredible, intriguing, and interesting
arthur komen : to many ads
ayman palasara : great game, unreasonable amount of adds
eroq 3.14 : the best mobile game available. badland teaches you about life.
matt best : stages get harder but can complete. game
robin williamson : awsome gameplay and graphics
florence bw : love it, and the idea is very original
keian naidoo : good game but just got very repetitive
clayton williams : it was so cool because it was made from adventures of badland that i didn't so darn play badland like this!!!!!!
ahmed zamzamy : i love . so i love his too. please accept the following games to the eternal day:satvento,red eye's hideou
johnny ingram : so fun. best way to waste time!
surr0unded : breh this was my childhood game.. i love it till now and i probz will forever.
kelly norman : what does my location have to do with the app i'm wondering i mean unless you're spying trying to figure out where i live, why don't you grow some balls and ask me i might or i might not tell you.
jindrich pohlreich : great fun, especially in coop
nhlanhla kray : the game is enjoyable,and it's different
louise rodrigues : i miss this game i haven't played it since 5 years
megablast : i might be a noob but some levels are hard, it's still awesome tho
elmi mohamed : very good game from 2013 so smooth on my divise
jay dehaza : but you can remove ads anyway this game is awesome
nazmiye anl : very good,graphics like limbo,very good game
nomusa nzimande : it's one of the best games i have played badlands is awesome
arina : i really enjoy this game! its fun and challenging
tech lab : huge ad restricted for playing the game
surya prakash kumar : very good game but you can give this in new update is give a power
isaac finn : such a great game but it glitched and i lost everything so i uninstalled it
a google user : had over 400 hours in local multiplayer cause my friends got addicted and had to be surgically removed. 10/10 would visit my friends in rehab for 4 more years again .
jester gaming : its more enjoyable when you play with your friends
suresh suthanthiramani : great graphics and sothing music i love it
michael chambers : good game but to many ads
beena math : very nice game and fun to play. must play
out of order : it had a 30 second add after every round i won't recommend
joel keecheril skariah : the modern and better version of flappy bird with very cool graphics. really impressed!
a google user : it was good ig it's not my favorite game but fun to play wan you need to pass the time
turokx 25 : too much ads !!!
mighty mitch : advertising after every death...... um no thanks
bsjlrs prajapati : exceptional . one of the best mobile games ever created.
gabriel lambert : i remember playing this 24/7 back then i loved this game so much i'm gonna revisit it today
jeffrey rohland : entertaining, can keep you lost in fun for hours
shaikh rameez : best game in less mb but so hard and give full engoiment
a google user : game is fun but massive ads spoils it
alexica mason : i love playing this game. it keeps me entertained. no matter where i am or what time it is.
jassi singh js : awesome game with hd graphics.. i love this game
gaming with merrik : it was so fun but as hard as it was i did not stop
spiritual : alot of ads but great game
a google user : beutiful game, so fun! and the puff balls r adorable
mery duarte : its one of the best suspense arcade-adventure game i'v ever played
ada_mari ramos. : i love this game exept for all those ads
vane raze : best game ever also i miss the badland 2 game on play store
george tsakoumakos : add 21:9 resolution support, if you want!
sandaru jason akilas : the idea is brilliant and the concept is mindblowing
habib jarman : best first game in my life funtastic experience the boss of all game in play store
stephen duran : fun game but so many ads
memeteam! [mt] : i like this game, but you can't change your username, which is annoying.
corey baker : its less ragy then most games preminum is also amazing
a google user : a really fun and challenging experience
pranav goel : nice gameplay with cool graphics.
kimitonawa : sad game because the land become dangerous and the little fly to go back before the land !!
chad hinkley : the ads are so incessent
arden dersham : fun, great pass time, it really great
killer ff : game is very good and the sounds are relaxing. 5 stars for this game
xxx xxx : i love this game i've been playing this game since i was a little girl this game was amazing fun but also hard
omael penaloza : fun multi-player game when bored
bailey : i love this game! its just a flying fuzzball but kinda scary.
a google user : super game badlands and badland2 is also best game
artyom arshakyan : ad, ad ,ad ,ad ,ad and again ad, one more ad, ad ad, ads every where. watching ad more then playing game. ad ad ad ad ad
ganesh karhale : omg! graphics are awesome.
judan jones : it is not bad it does get hard but it is really fun
a google user : i guess the graphics are fine.
mrsaudade 45 : game is good but too amny advertisements......
lydia dawn : this is just awesome no explanation just awesome!
aure dud : too short before having to pay. so this is not a free game. i feel fooled.
tyan two : too many ads not enjoyable
greenly mabanag : i love the game but it needs an update.i do love a new update.
